All of hype about Federal Donuts made me a little worried it wouldn't live up to it's reputation. But, it absolutely did. I'm a vegetarian so I can only personally comment on the donuts and coffee; however, my husband is obsessed with the chicken. His favorite is the buttermilk ranch.
The donuts are pretty amazing. Paired with an iced coffee and it doesn't get any better. The staff couldn't be nicer- even when they're busy.My friends and I all got one of each that were available to try out. I love the many fun donut flavors they have there. The thing that stood out to me was their fried chicken. I got the chicken sandwich and it was SO GOOD. I highly recommend it.This place is amazing!  They make the donuts fresh with each order.  In fact, I had to wait 10 minutes for them to cool down before I could eat them.  This location is clean and never super busy.  Its a really great addition to the neighborhood and people with cars are sure to appreciate the parking lot.  Best donuts in Philly and the Delaware Valley.This downtown Philly donut joint was decent -- but far from spectacular.
Tried a few different donuts and they were merely cake donuts with different toppings.  Too much of a cake donut taste (which I don't particularly care for).
I can't possibly rate this spot any higher than 3 stars when the greatest donuts on the planet  (Beiler's Donuts) are merely a few blocks away in the Reading Terminal Market.I'd heard the hype. Seen the NY Times article. Nevertheless I was skeptical. Mainly because most people have at best, two reference points for donuts, Dunkin Donuts or Krispy Kreme. Neither of which really makes truly great donuts.  So after waiting for the crowds to die down a little, I traveled over to see for myself last Saturday.
It's a small shop that blends into the surrounding neighborhood. Inside there are a couple of seats at the counter and a wide window well that two people could sit in. I ordered my donuts. I went with the Indian Cinnamon, the caramel banana, the pina colada, and the halva pistachio. The ladies behind the counter worked as fast as they could given the decent sized collection of people waiting for orders and bopping in. My order was processed quickly, and I got my coffee right after I ordered it. The coffee was one of the only things that was a disappointment besides the lack of seating.
 Since there was no room to sit, much less stand I took my donuts and coffee out to a park just off of Federal between 3rd and 4th St.
The donuts were truly transcendant.  Each donut was a symphony of flavors on my tongue.
The Indian Cinnamon-Very light on the cinnamon, coated with sugar. Hot, fresh, and so moist that it pinched in half when I started to eat it.
The caramel banana-A delicious meld of flavors with something added to the banana chips that made them more tasty than I"d imagined.
The pina colada-The donut I though I'd enjoy the least. However it tasted like the Rach 3 and Beethoven's 9th all rolled up. A complex mix of flavors that together was truly amazing. And unlike the current generations, I don't use that term lightly.
The halva and pistachio-the final movement. More subtle flavors that nevertheless worked well. I'd never had halva before, but I liked it.
Believe the hype. Believe the NY Times article. Federal Donuts makes some of the best donuts I've had.I have to say that I was really impressed with this place. I had heard about it here on Yelp and decided I should try it. I ordered the ranch fried chicken and the indian cinnamon donut and both were very good. I also had what I would call their plain donut and it was delicious. The donuts were moist and warm and extremely tasty and were probably the best I have ever had. The chicken was tender and moist and also delicious.
The only downside to this place is the size. The restaurant is very small and there is very little seating. The seating is diner style, stools at a counter. This would be a great place for takeout, which they do.
Overall I would definitely recommend going here. I would also recommend going early as they tend to sell out fairly quickly in the mornings.All those cereal commercials are lying to you. A balanced breakfast doesn't consist of milk, OJ, cereal, and a banana. If you want a balanced breakfast, you should hop in line for fried chicken, a glazed donut, and coffee from FedNuts.  
I'm not much of a sweet breakfast person, but the donuts are great here. The chicken is wonderful, no matter how you have it dressed - wet or dry, they're all good. And when you're eating chicken and donuts for breakfast you're probably going to need something to get you moving afterwards; the coffee.
Oh, and don't try to convince someone to come with you that needs an explanation on why those two foods are served together. Those people don't deserve it.The Indian cinnamon donuts are delicious!
The rest are just OK, the fancy donuts were nothing to rave about and I had such high expectations for the fried chicken, but it was also pretty standard stuff.
But definitely grab a dozen Indian cinnamons.Ok sometimes the hype  doesnt meet what is delivered, but I think Fed Donuts needs more hype.  Finally had  the chicken after several of their amazing donuts and all I can is wow. I had the buttermilk ranch it was amazing. Unlike any fried chicken that I have prior. I will make it a weekly spot from now on. 
Get there early things tend to sell out before 2pm.The donuts are nice but nothing out of extraordinary . I just ordered two simple donuts , one chicken sandwich ( they are really tiny ) and black ice coffee ( plain) and paid 15$ . Cold brew costs $3,25!!!  ... that is more expensive then Starbucks charges for plain black coffee ... again coffee is ok . They charging $1.75 for ONE plain donut and $2.75 for "fancy" donuts .... way too overpriced for a donut joint ! And the atmosphere and cleaning of the shop is not aligned with the prices they charge !The fried chicken is really good here. I know that sounds weird that a donut place has fried chicken but not to people that live in philly and know about federal donuts. The location in NoLibs is on a sketchy street with nothing else around it. The donuts are really good too but the fried chicken is the star here.I stopped using Yelp because I became lazy and didn't feel like spending 10-15 after eating to write about a restaurant, but this place changed my way of thinking!
Federal Donuts opened up in my neighborhood 5-6 years ago and I never stopped in to try it out. After hear one raving review after another, I said enough is enough and took a walk over...and I was not disappointed (except for one minor factor).
Upon walking in the women behind the counter were so sweet and patient. I told them it was my first time and they were more than happy to work with me while I surveyed the entire menu. Eventually I ended up ordering for my dad and I two chicken sandwiches and two cinnamon sugar "fresh and hot" donuts, and a cold brew coffee for myself. This is where the one bad part of my experience comes in: the price. These five items came to $21.60, which I believe is quite expensive.
The cold brew coffee is soooo good. I feel like most places try to nail it down and can never get it right, but Federal Donuts sure did! It had a very robust coffee flavor.
The chicken sandwich was absolutely delicious; the chicken was juicy with a crispy battered outside, the seasoning was nice and balanced, the touch of sauce was just right, and the potato bun was very fresh.
The cinnamon sugar donut...just, wow. These people don't lie when they say it's "hot and fresh." It was warm, soft, moist, and loaded with cinnamon sugar. I could easily eat 3-4 of those things in one sitting. At $1.50 a piece you are paying a premium for quality. 
Despite the price being a little high, I will definitely be back to try their other varieties of donuts and chicken. 10/10 (or 5/5, according to Yelp).The chicken is over rated. It's better from Acme. The donuts, even the fancy one's seem plain.I like donuts. Hot,fresh,now at Krispy Kreme used to be my Mecca of donuts. Now that I have tried Federal's donuts, I have vowed that no other donut is worthy of the calories.  A plus is that the folks are nice and the location makes it feel "real."Today was my first time ever at federal donuts I must say as soon as I walked in the lady at the front greeted me right away she was so nice and I told her it was my first time and she was so excited that I was there she asked was I here for chicken or donuts I told her donuts she explained what kind she had and told me everything I needed to know let me tell you me and my family loved them I will be returning soon !!!! Thank u guys for making my experience greatThe buttermilk chicken and the donut they give you with it were both disgusting. Couldn't even finish it. Maybe I ordered the wrong thing. Idk.Oh! First off, it smells delicious!
Secondly, it tastes delicious!!
We didn't know that our order of chicken came with a donut so we had ordered donuts, too, which we ended up not being disappointed about. 
They probably didn't tell us that they came with donuts because they just thought we wanted more...? Who knows. 
I ordered sweet garlic wings, the hubs ordered the combo of buttermilk ranch, and we shared in order to try different flavors. They were both scrumptious but I preferred my sweet garlic. And the donut that came with it was so juicy which sounds weird but then later someone outside of the restaurant had told us it was a honey donut which made sense. 
We also ordered the guava donut forgot what it was called though, and that too despite sounding weird was really yummy. 
Anyway, gave it 4 stars for now cos it was my first time and it was good. It'll have to wait for my return in an estimated year or so to get bumped up to a 5.Of course the chicken is delicious but it's the customer service that gets the 5-star rating. Suffering from allergies wasn't enough to keep my wonderful cashier with interesting colored hair (sorry I didn't get her name) from striking up a good conversation about the neighborhood while I waiting for my chicken. It was refreshing as opposed to the typical order and wait while idly surfing the Internet on my phone. Hopefully she gets her tips back from the thief that stole them from the jar Saturday cause she deserves them!I just went for the first time and this place is AMAZING!!! I tried the chicken sandwich and it was incredible. Hot, crispy, juicy, tender and flavorful all at once. I can't wait to try one of the donuts. I might go back tomorrow...AHHHHH fried chicken and donuts!!! 2 of my favorite foods all in one place!!! The chili garlic chicken had just the right amount of kick. Great flavor and very saucy. A bit messy but that's what wet naps are for. Had a bite of the buttermilk ranch chicken as well. It's like the southern version of Korean fried chicken. Loved the vanilla lavender and Indian cinnamon donuts. When you first break apart that first piece, you can just watch the steam seep out and breathe in that lovely scent. It's a moment... so slow down and enjoy it. There's also cold brewed coffee that's perfect with the donuts. Can't wait to try the fancy donuts!They have a few locations, and we picked the one that is in more of a residential area than a busy center of the city. There was no line when we arrived shortly after 11am. But, it was still busy, it can get crowded very quickly with a very small interior. They have five counter seats, and that is about it. While we were there, most of them were there to purchase the food to go, so the seats were not in high demand.
Even though this is mainly a donut shop, they also offer enticing fried chicken. We ordered their very popular Fried Chicken Sandwich, available from 11am. It was smaller than I thought it would be, but I always take quality over quantity. It was juicy, tasty, with a nice little kick to it. We really enjoyed it!
We couldn't just order chicken from a donuts shop, so we got a couple of donuts from their Hot Donuts selections. We chose Cookies & Cream and Strawberry Lavender. We both liked the strawberry one better, since it had better, stronger flavor. Cookies & Cream was good but didn't have much flavor. 
Definitely a place to visit if you are visiting Philly!I had extremely high hopes for this place but alas it did not meet them.  I can only speak for the donuts and those did not impress me.  
With the warm donuts, I could not discern a difference between the two I tried, although they were different colors.  The "fancy" donuts were not particularly interesting to me.  The consistency was ok and the flavors were not very prominent.  I tried each flavor; the caramel banana was the best.  The donuts here are better than chains but not nearly as delicious as I had hoped.
Ultimately, to me, this is not a donut destination.  I think I have been thoroughly  spoiled by the awesomeness that is Donut Plant in NYC.  Take the train, go there.  I still want to try the fried chicken!I mean this in the most positive and reverent way when I say that some day at my funeral, the words that will be spoken in hushed tones by everyone, will be ," spicy peanut chocolate donut".I came here for a breakfast snack because I was in the area and I've heard alot about them.  They're not the best doughnuts I've ever had but they are rich and fresh.  They have different toppings and flavored sugars.  The only downside to this location is the parking. Luckily I was able to park in front of a fire hydrant for a few minutes without any issues but I could foresee an issue during the morning rush.  I would recommend to anyone who could appreciate a good doughnut, so that's everyone :)I think they deserve a lot of credit for creativity, but I think it's a crime not to offer yeast donuts as they make me feel better about myself after I've eaten 3 or 4....or who is really counting? 
The donuts my boyfriend and I got were:
Strawberry: This was a sugared donut with hints of strawberry, but I was really hoping for something to have a more powerful flavor and concentration of strawberries. I finished it anyways.
Blueberry mascarpone: This was my favorite. The blueberry was prominent as was the mascarpone was creamy yummy, and i felt that it was the best executed.
Chocolate Mint: This was my second favorite as it reminded me of an andes mint. Enough said.
Pumpkin Spiced Latte: I've actually never had a pumpkin spiced latte, but this was pretty good. The best part was the pumpkin glaze, what I wish pumpkin pies were made of.
Dark Chocolate Glazed: The simplest donut of the bunch, but was well executed.Over priced.  Over rated.  Totally disappointing.  No jelly donuts.  How can any self respecting donut place not have a jelly donut? Luckily the coffee was decent.This is a must-do every time I'm in Philly. I can't get over how good the donuts are. I even brought some back along with some fried chicken this last time.My husband and I had been looking forward to trying this place out by was quite underwhelmed with our experience. 
We got one of each of the fancy donut flavors which are currently chocolate old fashioned, s'mores, peanut butter malt, key lime pie, pineapple brown sugar, and blueberry lemonade. The first three (on top) were OK, the last three (on the bottom) were not good at all. The icing flavors just didn't mix well together with the actual donut. For $2 per donut for donuts I was not impressed with at all, I would not get donuts from here again. Save yourself some money and go to Beilers for better donuts that are only $1 per. The fact that the store is called "Federal DONUTS" and only had six "fancy donut" flavors and three "sprinkled sugar" flavors was also far from impressive. 
I hear the fried chicken here is good so maybe one day we'll come back to check that out. But definitely not the donuts.These are the best donuts in Philly and quite possibly among the best in the country! What makes them so mouth watering delicious is they make the sugar cake donuts to order so they are warm, light and airy with a crispy sugary outside. Our favorite is the cinnamon sugar! Haven't tried the fried chicken yet but plan to soon since we live just a short walk away!What can I say that has not
already been said!!! I know just get your ass there and get some chicken and donuts! And be warned one hot and fresh will only piss your taste buds off! You will need a dozen to satisfy them!!!The people that work here are so rude. However, the donuts are fantastic. Every time I have come and asked one of the ladies a question at the register, you would have thought I just asked for her to come fan me and feed me donuts. Super super rude. No smile. Rolling eyes. Hey lady with the glasses, if you are so miserable...get another job. Lucky the donuts are good, coffee is terrible though.Okay, so the last few times I was at Federal Donuts everyone behind the register was an absolute hero. Bottom Line: No customer service issues whatsoever. Each employee was nice, attentive and friendly -- exactly what you want to be exposed to in the am. So, my former star that was deducted because of "sour puss" is added back on. Hooray donuts and chicken and coffee for all!Came here this morning for the first time . Good Donuts, not the best in the city. Also Way over priced.. I almost had a heart attack when she said 30 dollars for the dozen. I can't speak for the Chicken though.Loved this place. Came for a brunch of sorts - three donuts, coffee and a half chicken for two. The donuts we had were all hot - strawberry lavender, vanilla spice and the honey glazed that came with the chicken. All were fantastic - soooooo good. They are about as big as an Entemans donut and they are indeed light tasting although I'm sure not light in calories. The chicken was also very good - got the dry rub Za'atar which was excellent. Za'atar is dried thyme, oregano, marjoram, or some combination thereof, mixed with toasted sesame seeds, salt and sumac. Great stuff. A couple of the pieces were drier than I'd like and would have been great if there was a dipping sauce. None the less - really liked it although for those who have had Bon Chon this is similar - although I liked the crust on this chicken a lot. Hopefully next time we will get a fancy donut however they were all sold out when we got there at 330. Oh great service and solid music too.Great coconut curry chicken. One of the best. The only thing is when you order a whole chicken you would figure you would get 2 wings 2 legs 2 Brest 2 thighs not here we got a piece of a Brest no wings 1 leg and a thigh. It was good but they should tell you what there definition of a whole chicken and half chicken is. Now knowing that I would go again. Cause it is great coconut curry.Love this place. Great donuts - hot and fresh or fancy are all good, and the fried chicken is the best around. I recommend the half chicken over the sandwich but people do love the sandwich.
The fancy flavor a rotate. Lemon ricotta is my all time favorite, though right now butter pecan and guava poppy are best. 
This location is great too because it has parking and ample seating.I would give this place a 3.5 but i'll round up to a 4 because i like the concept. They have hot donuts, specialty donuts, and fried chicken. I got a pumpkin spice donut which was really tasty, but i do wish they served it hot. That would make this place AMAZING.  The friend chicken was very moist and flavorful. I would actually recommend trying that. They have a bench outside where we ate which was nice, bc its very limited seating inside.Sad, poor little chicken. Overrated. SALTY to the point of being inedible. Does the" you got it dude" sample what he prepares? Obviously not.  The saving fare was the donut. Better stick with that. Unique flavors and very fresh.I went to school in Philadelphia and wish that this place was open while I was there. But then again, maybe not, because I probably would have gone here once a week and put on the Freshman 20 instead of the Freshman 15.
I've only tried the hot cinnamon sugar donut and it lived up to the hype. There's not many donuts that are better than a piping hot one out of the fryer. I can't speak to the other donuts that they have since I've only tried one, but they have 3 flavors of hot donuts: Vanilla Spice, Strawberry Lavender, and Cinnamon Brown Sugar. Get one, get two, or just get them all. I could've probably eaten 2 by myself, and wished I was with more people so that I could have shared more. The hot donuts are pretty inexpensive at $1.50, which is what you'd pay for a non-fresh, stale donut at a grocery store.
They have fancy donuts for $2.50, which is also affordable since in San Francisco, you get price gouged and end up paying ~$3.50 for special donut. They have maybe 6-8 different flavors.
They also have fried chicken with different seasonings and glazes, but I didn't get to try it when I visited.
Will definitely be back when I'm in Philly again. Affordable, fresh, and delicious. I'm a fan!my husband and I visited here on fri 6/9.  I think my expectations were way to high.  Donuts were not bad but certainly didn't live up to the hype.  We ordered 6 hots, 2 of each and each sugar mix and 2 of the fancys they had which where spicy pb and j.  My husband is crazy for chicken and couldn't wait to dive in.  He said it was okI was pretty impressed. Sadly, they were out of chocolate banana so we tried the s'mores fancy donut, which at $2 was tasty enough but nothing spectacular. Maybe I should've tried one of the weirder flavors, like razzbery[sic] balsamic or halva pistachio. Or the plainer donuts, like lavender vanilla.
However, the chicken was quite good, particularly the dry-rub za'atar. I think the dry-rubs are the way to go, because they really showcase the perfectly-crisp crunchiness of the fried chicken. The chicken breast was juicy and not dry at all, which was great. The chile garlic was tasty too, but it seemed like they were trying to copy Korean fried chicken places and failed to execute it quite as well. The chile was a bit overwhelming in terms of flavor (spice level was fine though), and the fried outer shell didn't hold up quite so well to the glazed coating. They came with a tiny container of Japanese-tasting pickles, and honey-glazed donuts that were not-too-sweet and perfect with the chicken (think chicken and waffles). 
Overall though, I was bit surprised about the value we got from this place. I expected to spend a lot of money for not a whole lot of food, but the portion sizes were pretty decent for the price, and the chicken came out hot, fresh, and tasty.Very good donuts just loaded with lots of sugar ... But still tasty...customer service was good ... Also seems like a place to study and relaxFederal Donuts is a total success and with their early sellouts they've kinda developed a cult rep. I've been there a few times so I guess you can def put me down as a fan too.  However, I can't give it quite 5 stars despite the hype and my repeat appearances.  The chicken is great quality but I think the seasonings need to be a little stronger.  Harissa is a spice I'm into but the harissa chicken seems too weak on this flavoring. And in a way I feel the same about the donuts.  Again great quality but today I got the vanilla lavendar hot donut and couldn't really taste much of any flavoring.  If I didn't know what is was, I couldn't have told you for a million dollars if it had any flavoring or not or what the flavoring was.  I'm pretty sure for both the chicken and the donuts the flavor/spices  is the last thing added after they're deep fried.  Up the flavoring a bit guys and I'll give you that 5th star.I always hear about Federal Donuts and how you have to get there early. 10am on a Saturday morning, this location was completely empty. 
The doughnuts are nothing special in my opinion. The texture was good but it's just your typical cake doughnut that can be made at home if you had a fryer. They were all the same doughnuts with just a different sugar or glaze over it. I tried four flavors but none of them particularly stood out to me.
The fried chicken wasn't bad. It was moist, but again, nothing to rave about. It comes with a honey doughnut but I didn't get any pickles as stated on the online menu. I had a dry topping and a wet topping. For the dry topping, I chose the coconut curry. It tasted more like regular curry powder dusted over the chicken with no hints of coconut.  And the chicken 
Coming from New York, I think everything was pretty reasonably priced.Love this place! my boyfriend and I were at an event on Columbus and wanted to check out some area places. He wasn't sure he wanted to go, but we were glad we did! The hot donuts are amazing and the chicken was fabulous! We got the chili-garlic glaze, awesome! Sure to be back soon!After years of hype, I've finally tried Federal Donuts! They're good as donuts go--not greasy, kind of cake-y but not dense.
We got one of each flavor and shared them as a group back at home. Without knowing which donut was which, it was honestly hard to tell what flavors they were on the ones dipped in flavored sugars. The flavors weren't terribly strong. I liked the chocolate donut best.
Next visit, I look forward to trying their chicken.okay, whoever gives this place one star is buzz-kill!
the line does suck, of course, but it's not their fault that the chicken is so darned tasty.  and the staff is always super nice, gracious and apologetic about the wait.  no snobbiness here.  
had the crispy harissa chicken which was amaze-balls, and the garlic chile which i personally wasn't a fan of (too spicy) but my friend loved.
donuts are great too - love the pomegranate nutella tahina donut.  the sugar spice donuts are fantastic too, but truth be told i couldn't exactly tell the difference between the three different flavors.  whatever.  i ate them all anyway.I'm eating these donuts right now, and with every bite I can't stop myself from saying "Oh.  My God."  We (my boo and I) pre-ordered 9 fancies and a 1/2 honey-ginger chicken to celebrate Superbowl Sunday.  Pre-ordering is KEY as we went in at 1pm and they had run out of fancies at 9am!  We pre-gamed our fancy donuts & chicken with some hot donuts - 1 of each kind:  Lavender-Honey, Indian Cinnamon, and Appolianaro (or something that sounds Apollo-y).  These 3 kinds were the sugar-coated, sparkle in your mouth type.  They all tasted similar, but the Apollo one was a darker, stronger cinnamon, the Indian Cinnamon reminded me of fall festivals, and the Lavender Honey had a nice clean taste, but you had to look for it.
Now the fancies that we're currently binge-ing on are freaking amazing.  I'm not one to order a dozen donuts every Sunday...I'm no donut seeker...but I'd seek these.  Every single one is so unique from any donut I've ever had and they're unique from each other.  The balsamic-raspberry is in my top 3...it's not artificially sweet and the balsamic cuts the sweetness with a nice tang...the "halva pistachio" holds on to the flavor of the nut and would be my #2, #3 would be a tie between the pina colada and the grapefruit with brown sugar.  We also got the caramel-banana and the smore's donuts which were definitely good but those fruity flavors aren't found in your everyday donut and the flavor keeps standing out no matter how many donuts I eat.  I keep eating more.  I'm still eating.  
We blew through the 1/2 chicken pretty quickly (the donuts are still lingering on the counter) and I'm not a fried chicken seeker either.  The glazed version wasn't sticky but thin & savory/sweet and the chicken inside the crispy coating kept the sweetness of the glaze.  After this chicken I loooooooooove fried chicken.  Well, maybe only Federal's.
I have to credit the boo for finding and ordering from this place.  He said donuts & fried chicken and I thought "you're fat and crazy"...but now I'm actually enjoying football...well I'm enjoying being fat and crazy.For a place that only sells doughnuts and chicken, I was expecting better doughnuts. I did like the chicken though. I would go back to try another flavor of chicken. I also liked that they give you the whole wing since a lot of places have chicken wings on the menu but only give you wing dings. They can keep the free doughnut that comes with the chicken though. It could be just me but that doughnut is incredibly nasty; and I'm not particularly eager to pay close the $3.00 for a specialty doughnut that I may or may not enjoy.Katelyn is the BEST... Better than my favorite chicken and donuts. She has customer service perfected and it's all genuine. LOVE Federal Donut and Katelyn!!!! Now, let me get back to eating my chicken and donuts. YUMI was really hoping to give Federal Donuts a 5-star review after reading all the descriptions...  especially because I LOVE Korean-style fried chicken and donuts, so having them together sounded like heaven.  But sadly, there are better places to get donuts (Suzy Jo's in Blue Bell) and Korean chicken (Cafe Soho).  The chicken wings were moist, but insanely salty...  and I love my food salty, so for me to notice it is saying something.  I ordered half plain and half chili, and the chili sauce made the wings really slimy and they completely lost their crunch (good Korean style fried chicken can still stay crunchy under the sauce).
Their hot donuts are pretty darn tasty, I'd choose them over the specialty ones.  If I were to pick one donut of theirs that was stellar, it would be the strawberry lavender (had it at their Rittenhouse location).  Hot out of the fryer and bursting with flavor, it was a nice snack.  I'd have that again.
The only reason I'm not giving them 2 stars is because the staff are super nice.  That's worth an extra star for me.
Also -- be aware that this isn't a sit-down restaurant.  There are 3 stools at the counter and that's it, so plan on taking your chicken to go.Omg, it is the best fried chicken in the USA! The fresh hot donuts are amazing! Lavender/strawberry, not to be missed!!! They even have their own parking lot! Cannot wait to go back soon!!!This place spawned my new love for donuts, cold brew coffee and double fried chicken! 
Everyone must try at least one of each. One made-to-order hot donut, one fancy donut, a dry seasoned and a glazed chicken as well as their cold brew and hot coffee. Also, each location has a slightly different selection of hot donuts. I can't say enough of how great this place is and how wonderful of an addition they have been in the Philadelphia food community. I frequented this place at least three times a week for the past year and the quality of the product as well as the service are very consistent. Also, the chef Matt is always coming up with new and yummy creations so you'll never get bored of the flavors, ever. 
What are you waiting for?! Go check em out, you won't regret it. 
-P.S- they did not pay me for this review, I just love them so gosh darn much. ;)Great prices for some creative donuts. Wish we could have also tried the fried chicken as it seems  to be famous around here. Loved the spicy PB and J donut.The fried chicken sandwich was pretty good. It wasn't as crispy as I imagined it to be, but still crispy and yummy.
Our friend said it's their version of Chick-fil-A. I can see that. Though I think having a slice of cold cheese is strange on this type of chicken sandwich. I rather it be melted since the chicken's fried. Just saying... I guess it reminds me too much of Chick-fil-A.
I might have checked in at the brick and mortar location since we visited the food cart at Spruce Street Harbor Park. Oops. 
We wanted to try the doughnut chips (interesting right), but their stock was low towards the end of the day as so many people were ordering. Until next time Federal Donuts.Ate my first donut from federal donuts loved it! Got the maple brown sugar one and an iced coffee..everything was awesome. The chicken smelled so good sad I couldn't try it, was too full from the donut ..but I'm not complaining:-)What this place has is a good idea (simplicity), the hip atmosphere and a great staff.  I give the staff who work there 5 stars.  They were friendly and helpful and if I were ever to return, it's because of them.  The coffee was decent.  The donuts were okay.  The chicken was dry and too much sauce that didn't help with the chicken.  But for $25 (2 coffee, 5 or 6 donuts and half a chicken), I think I can get much much much better coffee, donuts and chicken from elsewhere.YES! YES! YES! If you are going to eat donuts, there are only 2 kinds--Federal Donuts and HOT Krispy Kream donuts. When we found out that I would have to quit wheat we made a beeline to Federal donuts the very next morning, arriving shortly after they opened the doors on a Sunday. Then we proceeded to order one of everything--yes, one of everything and then like weirdos- my son, my husband and I devoured the whole freaking lot of them in our car down the street (there are no seats in the restaurant), which is located on the corner of a residential block. They appear to change the flavors daily, but I doubt you can go wrong with any of them.Hands down the best donut place I've ever been to.  Who would have thought they would make your donuts fresh and only when you placed the order?  It sounds like their hot flavors are rotating so the day I went in they had appolonia spice, vanilla lavender, and indian cinnamon.  I wish I could have tried them all but they recommended the appolonia spice as the "one I have to try" if I were only going there once.   I wish I could have tried their non hot donuts which also seemed very popular.  So I tried the appolonia spice and their moist fried chicken, one of the best fried chickens I've ever had as well.  This fried chicken and donut meal made me a happy camper before I left Philadelphia.  Foodies may come to Philly for the cheesesteaks but they should consider coming for Federal Donuts!By chance we enter Federal Donuts while out walking on a Sunday morning, unaware that we have stumbled right into the 11:45 event horizon separating exotic doughnut time and fried chicken (and exotic doughnut) time. The air is tense with anticipation, and fear. A morbidly obese couple is forced to wait outside with their doughnuts until the fried chicken distribution begins. They eye us with suspicion and whisper between themselves: "Are they trying to parlay a doughnut order into preemptive poultry? Surely they would be shot by the guards!"
The official behind the counter explains the details of the chicken rationing to the addicts in line - each adult is permitted to place one half-order consisting of four pieces: split breast, thigh, and drumstick. A 400 pound man trembles with sweat. A stern young woman in jackboots walks the line for fried chicken orders, handing out tickets. No one is smiling except the children, seemingly too young to know better.
Fearing retribution from the chicken junkies we limit our order to doughnuts and leave. The doughnuts were excellent. I can't imagine how good the fried chicken must be.It's 7am on a Saturday - there's also a mix of sleet/rain/snow falling from the sky.  To start my weekend off right I took a 2.5 mi run... straight to Federal Donuts.  Yep, through cold, wet, conditions & it was totally worth it.
Doubled up on each flavor of fancy & added in some hot & fresh for good measure.  Best birthday cake ever - and the first donut that I actually like (sorry DD & KK).
Bonus points for the raddest staff ever.YUM! Yum. yum.
Yeah, I'm a little late on the bandwagon after the New York Times has written about this place. Regardless, it was so delicious. I went with Martha G and another friend, so I had the chance to try 3 types of chicken -- Honey Ginger glazed, Zatar and Coconut Curry dry. While I loved the Zatar spices best (made me nostalgic for my first zatar exposure in Israel years ago), I think the glazed chickens are just so much more delicious. I can't wait to go back to try the Chile-Garlic glazed or whatever else they have on the menu.
Also, this review would be incomplete if I didn't mention the donuts. I will say that I'm generally not a big donut person - I love them, they're fabulous, but to me however good they are, they're generally just not worth how bad they are for you. I'd rather have another piece of fried chicken. Ah, but here... the honey donut that comes with all the chicken is so good you can't not have it. And the Halvah donut I tried -- also delicious but nowhere near as good as the honey donut. I need to try the hot donuts which sound amazing -- or maybe I'll just have more chicken instead.Hot donuts. Be careful. Its addictive. and yummy. I don't like the glazed ones thoughOkay, wow.  Seriously.  Boutique donuts with crazy flavors, great coffee; I went here twice during a four day visit.  Not sure what my favorite flavor was: Mandarin Coffee?  Orange Creamsicle?  Good coffee.  I hear the chicken is wonderful but we were never there in the morning.  They sell out of flavors of donuts, supposedly, so get here early.  Unique, and a staple of any trip to South Philly for the rest of my life, so I'll be eating a ton of donuts.Federal is know for its donuts and chicken.  There however is one issue I have with the new chicken sandwich.   There are no other offerings on the menu to balance out the intensity of the flavor of the chicken.   My chicken was a bit dry because it was in the fryer a bit too long but on average the sandwich is phenomenal.  But it's an intense sandwich with a lot of flavor.   I do wish they'd lighten up on the powder flavoring maybe just one side of the chicken?  But in order for me to enjoy this  sandwich to its fullest potential it needs some French fries or some cole slaw something...  The price point is a bit high for $7 but seeing that they spend so much effort behind each sandwich it's a bit to be expected I guess.   However in this town we're not about over paying for food.With all the buzz in the air (and on Yelp) about Federal Donuts, I stopped in one unusually balmy winter afternoon and was delightfully greeted by the lovely Blake, whom I hadn't seen in ages.  Since all the fancy donuts had been sold for the day, I settled on a fried-to-order vanilla lavender donut and a black cherry soda.  Both really hit the spot; not to mention I ran into someone I met while I was a first-year student at Arcadia whom I hadn't seen in years!  Nothing better than reuniting and bonding over great donuts and feeling like you're in your friend's kitchen!  I wasn't in the mood for chicken that day, but I am eager to come back and try it, as well as their fancy donuts.  At the rate it's going now, Federal Donuts has great things on the horizon and is well on its way to becoming the next Cheers...where everybody knows your name.Ok how can one not give FD 5 stars? I mean we are looking at donuts and fried chicken, two guilty pleasures combined in one house.
I don't know where FD gets their chicken but wow it is really packed with a lot of meat, you will be full sharing a half dozen (and a donut :) )
Make sure to get their early to get their fancy donuts. Their regular donuts are very good (I mean they are homemade) but those fancy look great.Come early. They sell out fast! I got here around 1030am to get wings because they're usually ready by 11am. It was packed!! I got an order of the chili garlic wings. Delicious!!! I want to come back and try the buttermilk ranch wings before I give this place a 5. Service is friendly!Went there for famous donuts and fried chickens. The donuts were nice and hot but the fried chickens were too salty. The employees were friendly with high energy level. Please tone down on the salt during marination.Not sure what I can say about this place that hasn't already been said in a few hundred 5 star reviews so I'll just tell two stories:
1.  My first visit to Fed Nuts was last year.  I was talking to one of the owners outside who is a friend of mine.  I was hungry and chicken sounded perfect.  I walked in and ordered a spicy chicken from the super awesome Blake F.... this is how it went down
I pushed open the screen door and my senses were overloaded in fried goodness. My life seemed rather dull and lusterless before inhaling the medley of donuts and chicken.  A familiar face was at the counter and beaming her winning smile.  
"Hey buddy, good to see you!" I said.
"Hey there, welcome!" she replied.
I could barely contain my hunger at this point. If I wouldn't look insane for licking the sweet air, I would have.
"Can I get the spicy chicken?" I said.  God knows I love everything spicy and fortunately, luck was on my side.
"You bet, 1 spicy" she commanded.
I paid and waited for my chicken.  As I was admiring the simple establishment that has nailed the adage, "Do a few things VERY well instead of a lot of things crappily," an old timer walked up and adjusted his worn cover.  He ordered chicken but his fortune was not as mine.
"Sorry, we just ran out, he got the last one."  
The seasoned Philadelphian turned to me with a mired glare that said "you gotta be shittin me."  I really wondered if he would wait idly in on a wooden stool and leap for the box of chicken as it offered to me, only to run out the door with a super villain cackle.  Didn't happen though, he left with a donut and I ate the chicken.
2. I ran an experiment where I brought them in to work and let a bunch of people try them.  Invariably, every person would take a bite and say, "This is like the best donut I've ever had."Yummy and delicious! I'm on a korean chicken wing kick these days, and the chili-garlic friend chicken was excellent. Not super spicy, but the chicken was moist and juicy - exactly as described. We also got the za'atar chicken, which was great. The crispy chicken kept better than the glazed chicken in case you're going to eat some later.
We went overboard on the donuts, but the pina colada donut (which I wouldn't have predicted I'd like) was incredible. It tastes like coconut and pineapple - nothing like the cloying sweetness of the drink. The smores and caramel banana donut were only okay (I was expecting a lot I guess), and the pistachio halwa was a bit too much but I should have predicted that given my dislike for halwa. If you like it I think this donut will knock your socks off. The standouts were the hot donuts. All three were super delicious. Its hard to dislike a hot donut, but even still - amazing.The donuts here are amazing. I have been a few times now. I have not been disappointed with any of the choices. Personally, the hot donuts are my preferred diet destroyer of choice. The flavors are creative, but not overwhelming. The chicken is equally delicious. I liked the zahav spice best, but none of the others were too far behind!My suggestion: go with a couple of friends, order half a dozen (or 12, hey more power to ya)--one of each of the specialty donuts--to share. Though a tad bit too sweet, every single donut was delectable. 4 stars for the donuts.
On the other hand, the venue was dirty. Granted, the dingy look of it goes with the whole "Philly's finest" theme. However, cleanliness is a huge factor in my reviews. I asked for a fork and the counter associate picked up a plastic fork from under the sink. It was covered in dust and actual dirt. If the donuts weren't so good, I would give this place 1-2 stars.
Definitely worth a try! Just don't ask for utensils...My roommate and I have been dying to try one of these for months! We went on Saturday afternoon around three, and after seeing dozens of pictures of the most creative, mouth watering donuts on yelp and Instagram, I was a little disappointed they only had three flavors. Lesson learned: go in the morning! I did appreciate that their three flavors are all made to order and served hot. I had a cinnamon sugar. It was good, but my mind wasn't blown. I look forward to trying something unique next time!Two weeks later, and they are now making enough donuts so that you can enjoy them while waiting for your chicken at lunch. Don't let the lunch lines scare you.  Take a number to get served in the chicken line - it moves quicklyAbsolutely the best fried chicken I have ever had, and I am not exaggerating, it really is.  The NY Times reviewer said so too.  Cooked perfectly and comes with a choice of (I think) eight different coatings/sauces that are amazing.  My favorite is the Chili Garlic glaze because it taste sublime and has just the right amount of heat.  But it's all good.Decided to say screw my weekday diet and try this place. Clean inside and ample parking which is nice for a change. I ordered the 5 wings with chili garlic and the honey glazed donut that comes with. Now I think of myself as a reliable source for wing opinions since it's my favorite food and I eat them way too much. Besides the sauce, these are by far the best breaded wings I ever had. Perfectly cooked, fall right off the bone, super crispy, moist, tasty breading - everything you look for in a breaded wing. The chili garlic sauce is good but I wish they had old fashion buffalo style. The honey glazed donut was delicious but Duck Donuts in OBX still holds the throne in my book.
Conclusion - a tad pricey but I will be coming here often and most likely tossing them in my own sauce at home.Review for donuts only. Must go back for the chicken. 
We found this new location of federal donuts  on yelp on our way back up to NYC and were so excited. We picked up three fancy donuts to go: chocolate coconut, blueberry marscapone and cherry. Amazing!! They weren't too sweet and the flavors were really good. The cakey donut itself is moist and soft. I wish I'd bought more. 
Go early because they sell out. In fact, we were lucky enough to grab the last blueberry and coconut ones. 
Will definitely be back for more donuts and to try the fried chicken.Very literally some of the best fried chicken I've ever had.. And the doughnuts are worth rioting over!! The vanilla sugar, I would highly recommend. Any and all of their dry rubs are perfect for the chicken.. Just don't go before 11am for fried chicken, they don't serve it until then and I've made that mistake. Enjoy!Staff is so friendly and coffee is perfect! The doughnuts are always changing which is a pleasant surprise. Haven't tried the chicken yet but have only heard great things!AMAZING! 
These donuts are so awesome. I like you can get fancier flavors but picky eaters can also enjoy them, they aren't too crazy.  I can not wait to try and the fried chicken, it smelled amazing and I keep hearing great stuff about it!Located in an interesting spot of the city- west no libs?  East fairmount?  no clue.  but either way, we found it after stumbling upon it one day and it just happened to be cheat day so why not!  Of course we went only for the donuts (Maybe we'll try the other fare another day) but all in all a good experience.  The place looked clean and neat, simple (in a good way) and they were very quick to attend to us and answer any questions behind the counter.  I got the chocolate cake with glaze and my boyfriend got the original donut (right out of the fryer it seemed).  Price was average (obviously more than say DD) but when we bit into each donut we were surprised.  We never thought a donut could taste so real and good.  My choc cake donut was definitely exactly that- a cake-like donut.  It was delicious as long as you like choco cake.  My bf's donut was warm, sweet, soft and moist (though I HATE the word moist, I will use it just this once). 
YUM YUM YUM! Good job Fed Donuts!Forget the specialty donuts and just get one of the hot donuts, made to order fresh all day. You get a free honey donut with your chicken order, but I actually don't like that kind at all and usually give it to my daughter, who inevitably hovers over me waiting for my donut like a baby bird waiting for food to drop from its mother's beak.
The famous fried chicken is really really good, if you love crispy savory skin. In fact, I could just order their za'tar dry rub skin and be happy. While the chicken is also good, it's really just fried chicken, and when you order a "half chicken" you're not actually getting a half a chicken. You get four smallish pieces of chicken that are mostly bone. It's delicious, but it's not a lot of meat for the price.Um Federal Donuts is the best. The coffee is always hot and tasty, the staff is hot and tasty, the donuts are beyond delicious. Props to key lime, coconut pineapple and pomegranate glazed - I'm addicted and wish I could eat them every morning. Mike has said "I don't think it's smart to keep eating donuts". Too bad he's wrong.
I can't say much for the chicken since I don't eat animals with feet or claws, but one time I may or may not have snuck out a piece of glazed Korean-style fried chicken out of a restaurant that may or may not be the home of one of the masterminds behind FD and I may or may not have woken my significant other up from his slumber and forced him to eat it and he may or may not have said it was the best fried chicken he's ever had. And Elizabeth B. and I may or may not have agreed to try the chicken in secret but that's neither here nor there.
I love FD and I wish it was closer but the distance won't keep me away, even on late mornings such as this one when I knew that there was a slim chance of procuring a few tasty fancies. When it's FD it's always worth a shot.Worth trying at least once.  Simple menu, not a whole lot of options.  Coffee was basic. Chicken was tasty and donuts were authentic.  Prices were a bit steep.  Might return if traveling with others but once was good enough for me.Nothing could be better. I went in the morning, so was unable to get chicken, but tried every flavor but the Indian Cinnamon. Bring back for friends so you can share and TRY THEM ALL--you will be tempted to eat an entire box alone. Don't skip any flavor--they are all donut perfect. Unlike with most donuts, these don't leave you feeling greasy, oily, and gross. This is coming from a health nut, and I don't even feel guilty about the fact that I probably consumed about 2 1/2-3 donuts in one day. GO GO GODonuts are amazing.  There is nothing that comes even close.  The flavors are so unique and interesting.  The chicken is above average, but I'd eat their chicken over 90% of other fried chicken in Philly.  This is a true South Philly gem.Words cannot describe the experience at Federal Donuts, but I'll try.   A tiny little shack in south Philly with some of the best fried chicken I've ever had.  The chili garlic flavour is the signature, and it doesn't disappoint.  Each order is served with a freshly fried lemon honey donut, which was our favourite flavour.  I loved it so much I bought one of their tee shirts to make all my friends jealous!  Get there early, though.  They run out daily.Amazing fried chicken.
Amazing donuts.
A must-eat in Philly.The Indian Spice and Vanilla Lavendar donuts were good. I didn't get to try any of the fancy donuts because they were sold out (it was 12:30pm on a Saturday!). The wings were also out so we got a Chili Garlic Half Chicken which was spicy but good. I'd like to just try the buttermilk ranch wings next time. I'll definitely go back to try the fancy donuts.Just like our federal government, Federal Donuts is big on promises; but also just like the federal government's policies, it looks done on the outside but on the inside it is uncooked and raw. That can be passable in a donut (not really) but when you are dealing with chicken, "this will not stand!"
If it wasn't for the undercooked food, I still would not find much to rave about- although I will say that the young woman behind the counter was friendly and patient as I asked questions about the menu. 
Having tasted everything from and between great gourmet donuts to terrible homemade donuts Federal Donuts rank towards the bottom. Sorry!Federal Donuts is a must when you come to Philly!
There are some old fashion & fancy donuts! So many different flavors! Come early to try the good flavors because they run out by the end of the day! The donuts are delicious, warm, and fluffy. They make them on premises and you can watch! This location is big with plenty of seating! I still haven't tried their fried chicken though. :( Staff here are amazing and friendly! Love Federal Donuts!When a place gets as much hype as this one, rarely does a plan to get exactly what you want workout so well.  The plan was to time things so that we could show up at 1130, get a donut, wait to order chicken and then stuff our faces sharing two half chickens.
We got the chocolate raspberry fancy donuts because they were the only ones left.  Definitely the best jelly donut I've ever had, but it was not the donut I would have ordered if I had my choice.  We then waited around 15 minutes, took our numbers and ordered.  Another 15 minutes later we each had a box of fried chicken; harissa and chile garlic.
The fried chicken is fantasticly crispy and not greasy at all.  The harissa was exactly as promised, spicy but not hot  and cooked perfectly.  The chile garlic was saucy and intense.  I was glad we opted to share because a full half chicken of chile garlic could overwork the palate.
I cannot wait to come back.Chicken sandwich was yummy. The chicken was fried fresh, moist on the inside and nice crispy breading. Ranch dusting, spicy rooster sauce, slice of yellow american cheese and potato roll complimented the chicken well. It usually comes with pickles too but I don't like them so I asked for them to leave them off. I also had a cinnamon brown sugar donut. It was hot and fresh, just the right amount of sugar cinnamon mix on the outside. These donuts are light and soft cake donuts and I loved it. A little pricey for the portions and waited a bit for my food, but considering everything was so fresh and tasty I didn't mind the wait or the price. Just wish they had more options on the chicken menu instead of just a half or whole. That's why I got the sandwich because they didn't have anything smaller than the half chicken. Will go back with some company next time so I can try the half or whole chicken and more donut flavors!Excellent donuts and chicken with unique flavor on the chicken do to the zaatar shami season....get the dry flavor and you will be hook.  One thing, get there early because they do run out and once it's gone, you will be short!!!!!I like this location better than the Center City location- even though it is completely out of my way.  It feels more at home and it is more comfortable.  It feels like a mom and pop shop.  I went here last week in the middle of a thunderstorm and Lowes run in South Philly.  My husband wanted to try the chicken.  I knew there was a location in South Philly, so I plugged in my handy dandy GPS and we arrived.  He had the dry rub curry and coconut chicken and [he ate my] spicy garlic chicken [seriously, I had a piece of each, I was about to fight him for an actual bite of chicken before he consumed it all].  He was in chicken heaven. Though I like the chicken, I am not crazy about it - but I have dreams of the sugar cinnamon donut on occasion.    I can't wait to try some fancies...
Heads up: It's a first come first serve kind of place. You cannot call and put in an order- though many people tried in the 20 minutes I was in the shop.Not getting it---- completely lost on me!!!
This morning, 0830---- tried 4 different ones with girlfriend---2 fancy, 2 hot and fresh.
Strawberry lavendar
Cinnamon br sugar
French toast
Turkish coffee
Overrated.....yes, the cake donut batter is yeasty and nice...but I think of places like Dynamo Donuts, Top Pot, Krispy Kreme, and small boutiques in the Oakland area. I would have absolutely loved to have a plain donut:)!
Israeli owner Michael Solomonov, same guy of the very well-rated Zahav, about which my brother raves!Three words: worth the hype.
That fried chicken, man, I would make out with that fried chicken. The optional spices we got were excellent and not overwhelming - you can still taste the good chickenness of it. As others may have mentioned, a half and a donut are totally filling enough for two people - but you'll want more. So much more.OK~ I get it donuts are great, nice to be able to get a parking. Service is friendly and place is cool. But 2.50 for a donut?? $20 for a dozen! At least offer a free cup of coffee with that dozen.  I hear the chicken is awesome but I was in such shock after my donut tab I had to go sit down and re-group. Next time I'll get chicken but definitely skip the donut$.Federal donuts is the pinnacle of tasty, impractical and seemingly fatty food in Philadelphia. With their array of fancy donuts, Federal gets really creative with things you never heard in the same sentence as donut. Things like raspberry vinnegrette, caramel banana, s'mores, pistachio and a load more. 
The chicken is quite scrumptious. With glazed and dry rub varieties with different flavoring and seasoning, there's at least one you'll like. My favorite was the honey ginger glaze.
 For $9 you get a good amount of chicken, although I only go for occasional chicken and donut splurges. The regular donuts are great; usually hot and fresh fr only $1.50 and $6 for half a dozen.
Overall. GO TO FEDERAL DONUTS NOW!Wow.  We cannot eat donuts, but based on good Intel thought we would buy some for our grandkids back home.  We walked over from our hotel prior to checking out after a great weekend in Philly.  
The staff was friendly and the shop was busy.  FD does not lack for customers- always a good sign.
Everyone loved the donuts and we scored!!  Good variety and we would recommend based on the rate of consumptionI have the saddest story ever to be told.
Have you ever been sad...so so sad because you made the mistake of trying Federal Donuts ranch fried chicken, chocolate cake & strawberry cheesecake donuts & you had it not 1 time but 3 times, over the last month & now you hooked & you want more today but you can't because you fat, so now it's taking errything you have to not do it & now you're crying in your stupid tuna salad you made instead, thinking about that delicious fried chicken & those donuts... #gimmedatchickenanddonutsThe cold brew coffee is either not cold brewed, a terrible brand of coffee, or it was brewed days ago. It is so incredibly stale. I am pretty upset I paid $3 for this. 
Everything else though, is delicious.Basically if you're the only game in town ... Was my feeling. 
Very very mediocre. 
The chicken thigh was slimey and not piping hot and soft as it should be. See picture... So took a bite out of the leg instead and that was just dry. 
The donuts were basic with try-to-be-trendy sugars in cutesy colours. The churro flavour one didn't even taste like a churro. 
Going to Popeyes next time and then to Krispy Kreme.... So much betterWhere to start?!? This is the best place to get the most amazing, fresh and outrages flavored donuts! So many great donuts to choose from! I recommending to try them all! You can never go wrong! Hey don't forget the chicken... (Limited time/days)
I never walk out of this place without a half dozen, for myself!
The staff there are always energetic and ready to make your day that much better! 
Trust me you will not be disappointed! 
The price range that I grade it on is only because I can't help myself for just getting 2-3 donuts. But if your looking for a quick bite.. So cheap.Federal never disappoints, the staff is super friendly, and the donuts, chicken, and coffee are all superb.  10/10 would go there again... and again... and again....I've had better fried chicken and I've had better doughnuts.  That's not great for a place where those are the only two items on the menu.  The doughnuts are small and dense; you can get better ones at most local bakeries.  And the fried chicken should be crispier!
I was so excited for Federal Donuts to open, but they've really made it inconvenient for customers to patronize the place.  Only one batch of chicken per day, distributed before noon?  It's just strange.
All in all, Federal Donuts is more hype than anything else.  I don't understand how the owners expect to maintain the restaurant's popularity once the hype dies down.  It's a shame, too-- the idea is so great.  They just miss the mark on its execution.I really want to love this place, and have tried- I swear it.  The people who work there are great, really nice, and friendly, they seem to know almost everyone by name.
BUT
Is this the emporer's new chicken?  So  much hype led up to the opening of FD, and I was pretty excited about the place, but four tries in, and I just don't get what the fuss is about the chicken.
I feel like the 2 women in the old joke complaining about the food at a Catskills resort- one says 'the food here is is terrible' and her friend replies 'yes, and the portions are so small'... 
Pieces are small, and often dry, never juicy as great fried chicken should be.  Last time I got it, it wasn't even crispy.  I have tried three flavors and I like the flavor of the ranch, but not enough to pay $9.00 for 4 tiny pieces.  I am sorry, but I think I am giving up on FD for chicken and continuing my search for truly great fried chicken.This place is totally good.  People hate on it because there is a line and they run out of stuff early.  Its only so big and can only hold so much inventory, its a fact that restaurants run out of things sometimes and your a loser who hides in front of his computer and yelps negative reviews if you don't know otherwise.   Anyway the coffee is awesome, from Bohdi.  The chicken is great and so are the donuts.  Just make sure you get there early or call ahead to get your order in, its not brain surgery.  The manager spoke with us last time we were in and was super nice and apologized profusely because they had to 86 the donuts early, no big deal, we just went back the next day and got a half dozen.  Anyway I'm a fan and will be backI had the chicken sandwich that changed my life- it was so good! The vanilla spice donut is also my favorite and the customer service is awesome.  I cant wait to go back to Philly!not sure what was better here, the cold brewed coffee, the doughnuts, or watching the silly doughnut crazed yuppies sacrifice their childs safety to shove pomegranate glazed bites down their gullets
Poor girl got handed a hot doughnut straight out of the fryer (deliciously spiced w apple and cinnamon) and she immediately started crying after realizing how hot the doughnut was, BUT SHE WOULDNT LET GO BC SHE KNEW HOW DELICIOUS THE DOUGHNUT IS!!!   seriously it was sad watching her cry but it all worked out after i got my belly full of key lime, chocolate-raspberry, nutella and pomegranate doughnuts. I thought the cold brewed coffee was unique and amazing. I haven't gotten to the chicken yet, and regret I didn't wait because there was no one there.  Soon enough. 
If your like me and hate lines (and people for that matter) this is the place you stay away from on the weekends, nothing could ever be worth that (see Sunday brunch at Parc, Saturday night at any old city club)The chicken is fantastic and every doughnut I have ever had has been warm and fresh. Customer service is great, even when they are packed. Everyone is friendly and wants to serve you as quickly and politely as possible. I have never had a problem and always look forward to going back.Wowsahs! Hands down the best donuts I've ever had!
Went to FD with my girlfriend. We had two hot donuts. The Indian cinnamon and the appollonia spice. We also had two fancies, cookies n cream and the sticky bun. 
Coffee is good too. Great place to go for a Saturday morning treat.
Enjoy!Sure there's dunkin, and wawa and all that other mass produced 'store baked' product tempting you, but nothing like a freshly, FRESHLY, made cake donut.
Federal donuts is slowly spreading across Philly like chicken pox with people itching to get their hands on one of the homemade concoctions.
The flavors of the day ranged from snow cap to coffee cake to peanut butter malt.  At $2.75 ea, they're more than you'd pay for at the gas station, but but also significantly more satisfying.
The hot fresh flavors include cookies and cream, cinnamln brown sugar and strawberry lavender.  Since this was a MTO item, it also needed to be consumed, immediately.  Having never had a truly right off the line cake donut (specific because krispy kreme.. and yea.. they're best when fresh) I was normally disappointed with most cake donuts because they tended to be heavy and leaden and not that satisfying.  This one was superb.  Light, fluffy and still very warm.  The strawberry lavender sugar may have been the only tick.  Containing definite floral notes from the lavender, I would have preferred a stronger strawberry flavor.  Nonetheless, the donut itself was the best one I've had, even if the flavor was not.
Shortly thereafter, consumption of the fancy donuts commenced.  All donuts were cake donuts and the flavors and glazes added while they were warm allowed them to make that sugary outer crust that I love.  Favorites of the mrs. and I were the snow cap, peanut butter malt and the coffee cake.
Far from fancy but spot on delicious, it's definitely worth a trip.  Next time, we'll get some fried chicken too!Best donuts I've had yet! The place itself has a functional and playful vibe about it and the donuts are AMAZING. We took half a dozen home and they remained fresh for DAYS. excited to try all the flavors!you catch a teasing whiff as you cross the street
a woman outside whispers to you as you head for the door "grab a free sample...if they have any"
you turn the knob, swing open the door and are doubly-greeted by the smiling faces of felicia and blake 
that wonderful aroma rushes you head-on (hello, pavlov) 
i was impressed by how 'tight' it is here - quite the model of efficiency...i swore i saw extra arms on those girls as they not only greeted customers by name and chatted, but poured coffee, served donuts, and prepped for the chicken-frenzy sure to come
we sat ourselves down (thanks to jim h for the tip) and were treated to fresh hot appolonia spice and vanilla lavender donuts (mmmmmmmm donuts)  
those alone, which we enjoyed with a cup of really great coffee, would have made the trip worthwhile...but no, we were on a mission to.get.chicken.
za'atar, harissa, chile garlic, honey ginger...how to choose?? yes, one of each to go please...buttermilk ranch, we'll get to you another time
once the chicken was ready, blake suggested trying some while it was fresh and hot - so glad we listened - we built a wall of chicken boxes, hunkered down and shared a piece of each flavor...i would be hard-pressed to say which i loved best - the chicken is phenomonal; crispy and juicy and so, so flavorful...
ps it is even great cold...loved the pickles too - thanks blake : )
we also took a box of fancy 'nuts home to share - (choc spicy pnut, lemon poppy, white choc rasp, key lime, pom nutella tehina, apple walnut...next time, i am coming for you blood orange) - as proof to our fellow suburbanites that the umbilical cord does indeed stretch as far as pennsportI had heard of this place for some time but never ventured out to taste. So I finally caved and boy was it worth it. I have to say that my favorite location is the one on 2nd St. I tried a couple of donuts and they were really good. My favorite was the carmel banana. To be honest they are all petty yummy.
The best thing they serve here is the fried chicken. It's so good. They serve half and while chicken as well as wings. Be sure to get there early if you want wings. They only make a certain amount each day but if they run out you can always settle for a half chicken. It's golden crisp on the outside and so moist inside. They always have a couple of different flavors. I'm partial to the coconut-curry and the chili garlic. Every time I have gone the chicken has been spot on. Can't go wrong here.Holy moley, these donuts are SWEET. Like, so sweet my teeth hurt. I love creative flavors and FedNuts definitely hits the mark there, but I can only eat half of one of these sinful creations if I don't want to put myself on the fast track to diabetes. 
That said, a box of these babies is definitely a people pleaser and will earn you the title of office king or queen at your next meeting.
Will return in hopes of trying the fried chicken.Came back for the chicken...
Let me see how I can put this. Hypothetically, say all of Philadelphia were burning to the ground. I'd grab a bucket and try to keep the flames away from fed donuts as my house and all possessions turned to ash.
I got the dry rub za'atar, unbelievable great spice mix, really crunchy outside and nice moist on the inside. Also ordered the vanilla lavender donut... hot is definitely the way to go. I scurried away around the corner and chowed down suspiciously eyeing any passerby who might be lured to swipe my food. Not kidding at all when I say this is my favorite place in philly.
I guess there are negatives, the guys in front of me took forever to order. And it's kind of a madhouse and can be a wait to order in such a cramped tiny space. But I mean why complain about waiting 10 minutes for perfection?Gotta say.. These are possibly the best donuts I've ever had. All of the hot fresh ones are amazing- there isn't a wrong choice. Perfect warming snack on a cold day.
10/10. Would 'nut again.I had only tried the specialty donuts previously, but promised I'd come back for the chicken. Luckily hubby was craving Fried Chicken, and after a search on Yelp, I stumbled on Federal Donuts (how dare I not think of it sooner!) I like this location because it has a convenient parking lot for quick pick up dinner after work. The staff were extremely friendly and explained that a half meant 3 pieces: leg, thigh, and breast and you could order one flavor for each half which is typically perfect for one person. I asked for the most popular flavors, which were buttermilk ranch and soy garlic, and decided to get a half of each. You also get a lemon creme donut with each half. We weren't able to eat the chicken right away, but even few hours later, the chicken was delicious! We both enjoyed the soy garlic better, but the buttermilk ranch was still good. I completely understand why Federal Donuts received the Best of Philly award for their Fried Chicken for 2014! Unfortunately, it can get pretty pricey for $9.25 (not including tax) for half portion of fried chicken. Otherwise, we may have made it a weekly meal!Really like this location because of the seating and parking lot! Amazing fried chicken and great donuts. Recently tried their new milk and coffee fancy donut (delicious!). Staff is so friendly... Looking forward to my next visit!I came here one Saturday to see what all the fuss is about. Donuts were pretty good. Now I'm not into donuts and the sweets, but the donut was pretty good. The coffee was mediocre for me.Possibly the best chicken sandwich I have ever tasted. Family from over an hour away begs me to bring these delights home every now and again. The sauce, the crunch, everything works so well. The seasoning on the whole chicken pieces as well are tasty too. (Have not tried the glazes yet) Love the Zatar! 
Nice people and friendly service! 
Strawberry Lavender donut is exquisite. Melts in your mouth. With a gulp of cream soda, it is a very satisfying lunch!Great chicken but I get it plain. They screwed up my order today and gave me wings with ranch . On top of it two orders. I was very unhappy for $20 . Yuck. The ice coffee usually is outstanding but not today. I was kind of bummed. The donuts abet good are very expensive. I like them plain . Some of the Flavors are just silly. Still it's one of my favorite places. This location always seems to have issues.Awesome donuts and great staff!!!!
Melisa and Elissa are super.  Really enjoyed the experience.This location is an interesting one, you almost miss it. Not the best place to dine in; not much hot sauce, utensils are given out. They run out of donuts fast though so definitely get your butt in here early.2 donuts , small and a large coffee  for $9 ? Beiler's Donuts at Reading terminal market have better and cheaper donuts .Federal Donuts offer dense, cake-like donuts that range from being richly flavored to subtly sweet. For this trip, my boyfriend and I got the following:
Strawberry Shortcake -- At first smell, you get a strong sense of strawberry jam from the icing glaze. Much of its strawberry taste comes from the glaze, though the bread itself also holds a lighter taste of strawberries.
Grapefruit Brulee -- Of the three, this one had the strongest taste. The glaze was immensely tarty (enough so that we both made sour faces within a few seconds of chewing). However, that initial tartiness soon dissipates within ~ 10 seconds. 
Lemon Ricotta -- This one was by far my favorite. The taste was very light and sweet (ironic since one would associate lemon with being more of a tart taste). The donut batter was not as cake-like as the others, which complimented its delicate taste. 
At the end of the day, however, these donuts are very pricey -- $2.50 for each of their specialty ones ($1.50 for the regulars). For such specialty flavored donuts, you could also look at Beiler's (in Reading Terminal Market) -- they're individual donuts are less than $1.00 and they have more of a variety to choose from!Must try for donuts and chicken wings. I Mean you can't go wrong but you must come early to get fancy donutsThese donuts are out of this world. I had the classic vanilla glaze and burnt caramel. @ $1.75 a donut, it's a decent value for a donut that could cost you $3 somewhere else. Also, the fried chicken is incredible. My sandwich was hot, fresh, and delicious. The cold brew was on the bitter side, but still very good. It's a great joint and a great meal.I love going to Federal Donuts- they always have an interesting selection.  The donuts are incredible, but sometimes they're out of certain products.  I definitely recommend the Lemon Meringue on the special menu.amazingly fresh , the actually cook the donuts right in front of your eyeballs after u order. i had the strawberry lavender donut and it did not disappoint!! loveGreat service here on a Sunday morning. I had the hibiscus donut and my husband had a chocolate glazed donut. Glazed donuts were heavenly sweet but delicious. I saw some bad reviews for their coffee, but I enjoyed it.Dude, if you have something bad to say about this place, your an ass. Doughnuts are like the best cake you've ever eaten. Chicken sandwich and ranch powdered fried chicken are freakin awesome. I cant go back cause I'll turn into a fat bastard.
It's not cheep, but worth it.We ordered the sweet potato and cinnamon & brown sugar donuts. Baked fresh and not too sweet. Great atmosphere and cool spot!Heaven on earth. Specialty donuts are pricey, but god they're good. Never leave disappointed.I'm glad folks from Philly and the surrounding area are calling this place out for being overpriced and over-hyped so that I don't have to look too much like a regional hater, but Federal Donuts continued the trend of our last visit of places that failed to meet our expectations. Luckily none of the food was bad (the service however was terrible), but really nothing stood out as good enough to justify the markup their charging for the experience. We had tried to go to the Pennsport location first, but they closed just as we arrived (3PM closing time seems odd, no?), so we wound up here, and maybe that location is better or something.
Due to their proximity, we wind up with a lot of Philly natives down in DC, and as a result there's this constant bickering about cities, so when 2 different fried chicken and donut places opened up in DC a few years ago there were of course cries of "idea theft" from Federal Donut lovers. Well, I can say with a good bit of certainty, that not being from either town (although I do now reside in DC), both operations in DC (Astro and GBD) are a far superior product than what we had from this Federal Donuts. The creative donuts are more creative, and made better, and the chicken is fried better. Whether or not they "stole" the idea of combining 2 of the country's most beloved items is absurd, I'm sure many of us did that in our dorm rooms, but ultimately all that matters is the end product, and Federal Donuts falls short in that regard for me.
As for the donuts, we tried the blackberry walnut, marshmallow squared, and chocolate glazed, along with one of their "fresh" made basic donuts, since Suzy isn't really into the fancy flavors. The cake consistency of each of the fancy donuts was well done, but they all just tasted kind of plain. I believe they just use the same cake batter for almost everything and then simply dip it in whatever the flavor is, rather than baking the flavor into the mix. This results in somewhat of a Dunkin Donuts feel to the product, at a much higher premium. The guy doing the fresh donuts was having a good bit of trouble actually making a circle, so Suzy had to keep going back repeatedly to check for her donut (we were literally the only non-employees in the building at the time). Coupled with the fact that he seemed to have a good bit of difficulty answering any questions she had about the menu items, this left us even less impressed with the staff than the actual food.
The fried chicken was somewhat better than the donuts in terms of execution. We chose one dry option and one glazed, and I'm fairly certain I wound up consuming the lion's share of it all (no surprise to anyone who knows my background). The za'atar seasoning was nice and heavy on the chicken, adding lots of flavor, but the chicken itself was a bit too dry. The chili garlic was somewhat excessive, I would prefer to not need an entire roll of paper towels to make through an order of 6 wings. It was hard to get a feel for the chicken itself when you're having to scrape off giant chunks of sauce. It just felt sloppily composed, or just lazily executed. It was nice they include a basic donut with each order, to give you something to balance the flavors, but would have been even nicer if it mentioned that on the menu so that we could have adjusted our donut order accordingly.
I don't recall exactly what our total for a few donuts and a dozen wings (and maybe a soda and a water) was, but it was somewhere between $30-40, which is fairly ridiculous considering the simple approach to everything. If they were huge yeast donuts (like at Doughnut Plant, VooDoo, or GBD) then maybe I could understand, but these donuts lack that level of effort. To top it off their register has one of those annoying "tip screens" that you have to go through before signing for your credit card purchase. You basically have the same job as someone at KFC, and expect a tip for it, on top of your already overpriced product. Get out of here with that nonsense.If you love donuts, no doubt you've heard of Federal Donuts. It's the most popular donut in Philadelphia and often finds itself on every type of donut list, local and national. It's so popular that they now have several locations throughout the city.
This location is in Poplar and near the Edgar Allen Poe house. It has a fun 1970s feel to it with umbrella tables in front and a diner feel inside. It almost feels like a Sonic rather than a donut shop. 
They sell donuts (obviously). They have classic ones and more fancy ones like S'mores. I always go with the old fashioned chocolate donut for $2.75. If you stop in for lunch, they make a good fried chicken.
If you pride yourself in donuts, head over to Federal Donuts!Great little local donut shop.  I had the hot donut- vanilla spice- it was awesome!  Very light and tasty.  Paired with a cold brew coffee for a great start to the day.  Friendly service.I tried some take out from here previously and had to go back for more! I tried their sandwich this time and it is by far the best chicken sandwich I have yet to have and pairs perfectly with their donuts!After finding out Federal Doughnuts was responsible for providing the doughnuts for Phish's Baker's Dozen, I had been wanting to try them as I never was able to snag a doughnut at MSG. Stopped in today and got a 3 piece chicken with soy ginger glaze, as well as a half-dozen doughnuts. Their fried chicken is the best I've ever eaten. Perfectly crispy breading, moist, tender chicken, and that soy ginger glaze is out of this world. Their doughnuts are outstanding. I bought cookies and cream, strawberry lavender, snow cap, pastelito, frosty the donut, and dark chocolate glazed.
My only suggestion is utensils would be a great improvement, as well as putting a bucket of napkins on each table instead of just some of the tables as fried chicken and doughnuts are messy.This is the best location yet.  Parking alone makes this one a winner over the others.  The wait time for hots is much shorter than original location.  Same awesome and delicious hots with varying flavors on rotation.Went to get fancy donuts and they did not have any fancy donuts available. Only the fresh ones. The restaurant is called Federal Donuts. Donuts should always be available.
P.S. I'm only giving this two stars because they did not have any donuts. The hot fresh donuts with Cinnamon or Strawberry Lavender are good, but you can't just tell customers that you don't have any of the other products available.For someone who isn't a fan of donuts to enjoy the ones here is a compliment in my book. I mostly went for the chicken which was juicy, really crunchy and with a seasoning similar to Doritos cool ranch on the ones I got, it was absolutely amazing. I'd recommend to anyone looking for Donuts or Chicken 100%pleasant experience. ordered to go- service was fast and and courteous. did a final check to assure nothing is left out. hot donuts were HOT. Had to wait for it to cool off a bit. it was sweet but not overwhelmingly sweet. The texture of the hot donuts were more dense which made my mouth dry after a few bites. I was sort of,desperately, seeking for water. Aside from that, everything else was perfect. Love the changing specialty donuts which never seemed to disappoint.After hearing about there chicken sandwhich we strolled in to give it a shot and we were highly impressed. The chicken is cooked and breaded perfect a long with the spicy sauce its a hit. While we didn't try the donuts we did enjoy the iced coffee. The hype is real the chicken sandwhich is very good simple as that and holds it's own against other local competitors. Definitely will be back again!The first thing I noticed about this place is no visa or master card logo in the window. Which made me wonder if it was cash only. Fortunately, if your like me, and only carry credit cards you can still buy fresh donuts. I like that they don't clutter their big windows with unnecessary decals. This place reminds of a 60's burger joint; from the counter tops to the made-to-order food. They take your order by hand, but ring you up using an ipad. I ordered a half dozen donuts: two of each kind. All this to say that I only paid $6 for a half dozen?? Not too shabby! So take it from me...this is a good place and you should check it out.  *da dun dun*The perfect place to go for an indulgent Sunday morning. Hot and fresh donuts truly are that - made right when you order them! Warning about them: they're drowned in sugary goodness. Dont leave without getting at least one fancy donut. And you can't go wrong with a solid cup of coffee.Wow! This place is so amazing.  The blueberry and the cinnamon donuts are my favorites.  I am announcing a new weekly holiday called FEDERAL FRIDAY!I never had federal doubts before, seen they just put up this new location and decided to give it a try and I was not disappointed. 
As soon as I walked in I notice how clean it was, I could of ate off the floor no lie. The service was awesome. I walked up to the counter told they guy I never had federal  before and the dude started explaining things like I was at a gallery lol.  
I couldn't stay for them to cook some actual  food so I got 2 donuts.  At 2 dollars a pop it's definitely  the most expensive  donut  I've ever had.  Decide to go for the chocolate glaze and blackberry walnut. The donuts are amazing to compare these to anything else should be a crime. Chocolate glaze tasted so fresh I though I was eating home made chocolate cake.  The blackberry walnut so just as amazing never tasted anything like it. Will definitely be returning in the near future.The best Fried chicken ever! the donuts are pretty good tooSome of the best and most popular donuts in  Philly! You can't go wrong with either the freshly dipped sugar ones or the specialty flavored ones.
I live closer to the Sansom Street location but I prefer this Nolibs one (when I'm already in the car) because there is a generous amount of parking and the specialty donuts do not run out as fast. I've gone to the Sansom Street store towards the end of the day several times only to find out that there were out of the specialty donuts for the day :(
Haven't explored the chicken options yet, but I'm sure I will since the donuts just keep bringing me back. The coffee is average at best.I don't really see what the big deal with this place is.   Their fancy donuts are incredibly sweet.   They seem like they're all just their basic cake donut with a lot of icing put on top.  They do make fresh to order donuts, which are either plan or come with flavored sugars.   Those are much better as they're not overly sweet.  
If you have a sweet tooth then maybe this is the place for you.What a wonderful addition to the Northern Liberties/Fishtown food scene!
I'd give it 5 stars except the chicken was just okay for my liking.  Don't get me wrong, the chicken is fresh out of the fryer and interesting, but it didn't excite me.  But keep the doughnuts coming!!!
Pros:
- Doughnuts are out of this world and FRESH!!!
- Place is new and clean
- Interesting dry rub and wet sauce on chicken
- Parking in both the lot or on the street
Cons:
- A bit pricey for doughnuts and chicken
- Chicken is okay, but not great (who can beat KFC or Churches)This was my second time here. I can now say, I don't care for this place.
The donuts are "ok" flavor and quality. However the costs are through the roof. $2 for a sugar dusted donut?! The frosted is more expensive.
I also then ordered the fried chicken based on the photos posted. Scam. Don't do it. They gave me the smallest chicken pieces. The breast was the size of a tiny meatball. 
My sister tried them then said, "you should have gone to P*****'s chicken". She was right.
Also the fry cook gave me the stink eye when he gave me my food. Like a bro stare down, the f was that about???YUM. Pretty much sums it up.  It's hard to beat a fresh donut that's made in front of you and served hot.  The fancy donuts are awesome too.  My favorites have been chocolate sea salt, dark chocolate glazed, and blueberry. The half chicken with buttermilk ranch dry seasoning was tasty and plenty to split with my boyfriend, especially since it came with a free honey donut.
This location is much larger and cleaner than the one in center city. The staff has always been super friendly.This is the quintessential fried chicken sandwich. Fried-to-order, potato roll, pickles, cheese, and special sauce. It could be bigger, but then there wouldn't be room for donuts. All of the sugar donuts are my favorite, again, made-to-order. Great coffee and natural sodas.one of the best donuts around this area. i always try to make a pit stop if i'm in the area, and i dont even live anywhere close to philly! 
the best is when its HOT HOT HOT right off the conveyor belt! i always grab a 1/2 dozen of the normal donuts (2 of each kind: strawberry, cookies n cream, cinnamon sugar) for around $7 ish bucks. 
i've had their "specialty" donuts too, and they're LEGIT too!!! 
PROTIP: ask them in advance to put it in the box or else it'll come all jumbled up in the bag, and then the grease leaks through the bag
PROTIP: if you use the bag, make sure you ask for a plastic bag to put around it so the grease doesnt leak through in your car
highly highly recommended donuts! chicken is not bad, but i'd rather spend my $$ on the donuts!Visited Philly with a friend whose family lives down the street from Federal....OMG sooooo delicious and fresh! The chicken sandwich was out of this world. Also tried the churro donut and banana creme pie donut which were both delicious. Plenty of parking on a Friday late afternoon- could definitely see myself getting a dozen donuts for the weekend if I lived closer. Please open a location in DC! The service was great also!I really like this new location of Federal Donuts! Their hot donuts can't be beat and they also have really cool specials. My favorite hot donut is the strawberry. If you like cake donuts, definitely check this shop out! It's one of Michael Solomonov's restaurants too, so it lives up to the reputation.Three baked donuts to go! Tasty and delicious, filled with sugary delight. The lavender sugar went onto the other donuts, which added a bonus taste. Super floral. The other cookie and cream and cinnamon were more of a classic flavor. 
Get your nitro cold brew as well for your morning pick me up.This place is just what you expect from a Federal Donuts, but now in a new convenient location at Market East! There's tables for outdoor dining and it's also close to the general Market East outdoor area.
Today I tried the Cookies and Cream donut and it tasted like a fried oreo. Would recommend!This gem was under our hotel and worth the few minutes wait.
Instantly thought blueberry lemon but overheard the guy behind the counter mention the cinnamon brown sugar is his fave and it's made to order. Added banana pudding donut for kicks and let me just say...all great! The warm cinnamon donut was dense and delightful. The banana pudding donut was out of this world although less aesthetically pleasing to the eye. Thank goodness we didn't just get the original instinct of the blueberry lemon cause it was good but not to the level of the others.
Great service hustling behind the counter too.
Worth the detourUgghhh! Finally made it and so worth the wait! First time at Federal Donuts but won't be the last. I purchased a half dozen of mixed donuts for about $13. The flavors are not your typical donut shop favorites which is the part that I like the most. My absolute favorite strawberry lavender .Fine but not nearly as good as Beilere nearby. I was in town for a couple of days and tried Beiler's first and loved it. Apple fritter was best.  Then on my way out of town tried federal and regret it. Don't get me wrong not Dunkin' and not horrible but just good.Ordered an assortment of donuts to share amongst four people and they were pretty delicious! The flavors were very unique and the donuts themselves were fluffy and soft. I do wish they were a bit larger for the price you pay; there was a lot of room left in our box.This place has the most amazing chicken sandwich, unexpected from a donut shop but it was so good!! The chicken was juicy, fried to perfection, and full of flavor. The bread was soft and perfect for this sandwich. I am going to be craving this sandwich for sure!! If you go to Federal Donuts the chicken sandwich is a MUST!! The donuts are also really good, fresh, made to order, and served nice and warm.I loooooove  this place !! Hands down the best chicken sandwich I've ever had ! Popeyes who ?? Please ! First of all it's a real chicken breast that's juicy yet crispy full of flavor the bun is soft and good and the pickles are crunchy not soggy and let's not forget that amazing rooster sauce ! And don't get me started on the donuts !! The s'mores donut was my favorite but I had 3 during my short two day visit in Philly and they were all good and moist and just plain sweet goodness. The customer service was outstanding also the place was clean and just a great experience overall a must ! Highly recommend you won't be disappointed.This location closes at 6 pm and they were already out of wings at 2:45 pm. I was extremely disappointed especially because of the fact that I was in the mood for wings. I was hungry after arriving into Philly via Amtrak and didn't feel like venturing elsewhere for food so I opted for their chicken sandwich, $8 ($9.50 with tax). I opened the wrapper and the sandwich was so small, the bun was cold as if they just pulled it out of the fridge and the American cheese wasn't even melted. Seriously a waste of almost $10 a small chicken sandwich that comes with no side. I would've gotten a way better and more satisfying sandwich from Chic-Fil-A or Wawa. I Googled "The best fried chicken in Philly" weeks ago since I knew I was visiting and Federal Donuts is supposed to be their claim to fame. Really??? Seriously not impressed at all.Delicious and unique donut flavors with good coffee! 
Coffee
We got the donut latte which wasn't too sweet. Black and tan was good. Vietnamese coffee wasn't as sweet as I thought it would be. Overall, I'd order the black and tan if you are going with an iced option. 
Donuts 
We tried the passion fruit tahini, super banana pudding, berry marscapone and chocolate old fashioned. I love banana and passion fruit, and these flavors were very impressive and my favorite.Blueberry lemon donut on point! Can't forget about the donut coffee too - so good. I can't wait to come back abs try more. For non coffee lovers there's a super good strawberry lemonade!This donut spot has been on my radar for a while! There was one under the Goldie location I went to, but it was closed. So I had to walk a couple of blocks to get to this one which is connected to a hotel. I saw some donuts in three sections of their shelves on the back wall, so knew I would be getting those at least. But I had to confirm if those were the only donuts are available. There were 3 others that are made fresh, so I went for it and got half a dozen to go! 
I had flavors such as cookies & creme, blueberry, s'mores, cinnamon sugar and sweet potato pie. GOOD donuts! In the selection that was available, I found that there was a high reliance on that fine sugar on most of them. While it didn't make it taste bad, I thought it took away from the uniqueness of each donut. That being said, I think the s'mores one was my favorite. Federal Donuts has a great and consistent base donut, so it's one of those cases where you can't really go wrong. I will be returning to try other flavors!Stopped in for a soft, hot strawberry lavender donut while staying at the Canopy by Hilton. This location is basically in the hotel lobby but has a street entrance as well. Donut was absolutely perfect. The next morning we couldn't resist stopping in again for some fancy and classic donuts, and they did not disappoint. Chocolate cherry was probably my favorite.Best chicken! The garlic chili flavor and buttermilk ranch are the best flavors. I was not a fan of their fancy donuts. They give a free plain donut with every order. That was the best.Extremely tasty doughnuts! I ate the freshly baked and hot Cookies & Cream and Strawberry & Lavender. They are closed indoors  but there's a person taking orders outside. I would recommend to go early because there's a lot of people lining up outside from Philly and other places.Donuts are delicious. Chicken sandwich is amazing. Staff is friendly and compassionate. We went in the afternoon on a Wednesday in April, after returning to our hotel after our 11 month old son's surgery at CHOP that morning. While we were deciding what to order, we struck up a conversation with the gentleman working that day (owner? manager? I didn't think to ask his name) and happened to mention why our normally happy boy wasn't happy. He comped most of our order. He didn't have to do that, and he said since we had a rough morning, they wanted to make the rest of our day a little better. This simple act of kindness meant so much. We will be back next year, and will make sure to stop in more than once during our stay.OH MY!!! I wanted to  understand the obsession with Federal Donuts in Philly so since I was in Philly (from DE) recently I tried them out. I got two,   two inches by two inches of a heavily seasoned battered deep fried to death pieces of chicken. I was a confronted with a major decision eat a sandwich that was hard as concrete and break my teeth OR eat a potato roll with cheese pickles and some kind of sauce. I decided that my teeth meant more to be than a piece of concrete ...I mean hard chicken 
Also I was promised a donut , you guessed it NO DONUT
$9.50 for a conceete sandwich 
Will never go there againThey're somehow amazing at making coffee, donuts, and fried chicken all at once. I keep shamelessly ordering all threeThe chicken sandwich here is UNBEATABLE. I mean truly... I have been coming here for years (almost every time I am in Philly)  and I ALWAYS get a chicken sandwich. I even order multiple to bring home. It's just perfect. Crispy chicken, soft potato bun, a delicious sauce with a hint of spice, buttermilk ranch seasoning, american cheese and lots of pickles... YUMMMM. Their donuts are also very good. Just love love love this place!Was visiting Philly a few weeks ago and discovered Federal Donuts while staying at the Canopy by Hilton. I was on my way to Dunkin Donuts but saw this place and decided to save myself a walk. I'm so happy I did because these donuts are sooooo good! I also had an iced oat milk latte and a vegetarian breakfast sandwich which was also very tasty. The customer service is super friendly. Will definitely be back whenever I'm in Philly again.Old fashioned donut - the donut is a cakey one. The glaze was very very sweet. I'd recommend a different donut if you prefer something less sweet.
Fried chicken sandwich - the chicken was crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside. The rooster sauce added a nice kick to the sandwich. I loved how well the dill pickles complemented the sandwich. The American cheese was not melted and I couldn't really taste it so probably could do without. The bun was also not toasted so it was a little soggy.I want to go back!!! Got coffee, 5 different donuts, and their breakfast sandwich. ALL SO GOOD. 
The breakfast sandwich was AMAZING. It had pepper jelly (?) on it! So tasty. 
I HIGHLYYYYU recommend the blueberry/vanilla bean donut. BEST donut ever!! 
Cant wait to come
Back!!!Super cute spot with the softest donuts I've ever had!  They were out of the Vietnamese coffee so that was a bummer but all the donuts were amazing!!  They had such unique flavors, I highly recommend this place to anyone that's looking for a sweet tooth fix!!! 
We got the 
Raspberry marscapone 10/10
Cafe con Leche 8/10
Banana pudding 10/10
Cannoli 8/10 (a little too sweet for me personally)Friendly little donut shop that we stumbled into. They had a decent selection around 3:00pm as well as a few flavors that they make hot and fresh! We decided to do that and went with the Brown Sugar and Cinnamon. It took about 6 minutes and we were on our way. 
The donut was more on the cakey side which I liked and despite half of the toppings ending up in the bottom of the bag, the donut was super flavorful. Prices were good and service was great.Since Federal Donuts was located right inside the Hilton, I decided to give it a try after walking past it for the past few days I was staying there. Unlike other donut shops, Federal Donuts offers cake donuts. I was able to try their Halloween specials and classic donuts. The berry one was a personal favorite. All donuts were moist and had the perfect amount of sweetness. The service was great too.As a visitor I was surprised to find out Federal Donuts sold chicken sandwiches too! This place would've been my go-to for sweet and savory! I got the strawberry lavender donut, banana maple and chocolate s'mores. So so sweet and yummy! They even taste good microwaving it 1-2 days later.Excellent fried chicken, awesome donuts and really good fries.  They have kept up to their standards as usual.I was so happy when this location opened closer to me since I would go to the Sansom Street and North Philly locations before. This one is located next to the Canopy hotel, which has a snazzy lobby from what I could see from the outside. The outdoor area is also nice to sit around when the weather is warmer. I tell all my friends who visit from out of town and ask about donuts that Federal Donuts is my favorite! I like that they change the flavors of their fancy donuts frequently so there is always something new to try whenever I go.Recently opened in the renovated 12th Street East Market corridor, having Federal Donuts here is wonderful--especially with all of the offices  and residences in this section of center city.
I'm definitely not a regular doughnut kind of guy, but Federal's Za'Atar chicken is my favorite menu item--with a dry rub of a nice middle-Eastern spice blend. A three-piece chicken currently goes for a reasonable $10. Federal's chicken breasts are delightfully huge! Cooked-to-order and moist, the chicken is a winner--and is complimented by a honey doughnut.
While Federal Donuts has a great variety of unique doughnut flavors, as doughnuts are their main business, my favorite is the basic honey doughnut. It's not laden with gobs of hard sugar like many of the other varieties--which makes the perfect little post-chicken dessert, or hors d'oeuvre! For those interested, doughnuts here are of the cake variety.
Super-friendly staff, always fresh food, and great location make this another jewel in Federal Donut's crown of restaurants!I love the variety in donuts! My son has a serious thing for donuts and this shop was right down the street from our hotel & had great reviews. Cashier had a great personality & was very friendly. Overall, these were a bit too sweet for my taste & I actually have a serious sweet tooth so that was kinda a bummer.One of the best chicken sandwiches I have ever had. It is really really good. The breading is unlike any other I have had. The weekly flavors of donuts are always creative and delicious.Good donuts. Especially the fresh ones! Their cookie & creme is amazing and also tried their fancy one - "cannoli" that's a yes! 
Not so great, the glazed chocolate, banana Nutella, as well as the cinnamon brown sugar.  Maybe it's the flavor... but the glazed chocolate tasted like oil... as for the cinnamon brown sugar, well... didn't taste any brown sugar. Meh. 
I would also give thumbs up for their breakfast sandwich - bacon, egg, & cheese w/ a pepper relish.  My kids loved it! 
Nice staff, friendly and clean spot. 
Lucked out with our quick trip to Philly & Federal Donut was across from our hotel! 
#yelphappy
#sweetfeastingStaff is super friendly and the restaurant is clean. Everyone is wearing masks. The freshly made hot cinnamon sugar donuts are delicious 5/5. But the pre-made specialty donuts I don't recommend, they were super sweet and I didn't enjoy them. Would go back for the hot donuts.It's in the name - the donuts are really really good. They had specials for halloween that were fun and super delicious.
The fried chicken was good, but needed more kick - it was very plain and just needed something more. It has a seasoning on it that gets all over your hands but is tasty. Get lots of napkins!
Will be back for donuts!5 stars to the friendly staff behind the counter. But this is more of a cakey donut. So just be aware of that! That said, for someone who doesn't like cakey donuts, it was not bad. The icing was a little too much for me. So I wished I just got a glazed one or something.Pros:
The food consistently tastes good! I've ordered from this location several times and I've never been disappointed by the food.
My favorite items to order are the Lavender Lemonade, Honey donut, Cookies n Cream donut, and Donut Latte.
Cons:
The staff isn't always the friendliest, and they're not accommodating if you want to change something with your order. I came on a day that the Donut Latte was out of stock, and I asked if they can add the sugar/spices to a Vietnamese coffee and they said no. I get it- this isn't a Starbucks , but it's annoying when one staff member is willing to add extra sugar to your drink and another isn't. Thankfully my boyfriend ordered a cinnamon sugar donut and I put the excess sugar in my coffee myself.My friend kept talking about how I had to try Federal Donuts if I was in Philly so we stopped by one and I got the Cinnamon Sugar donut. Took about 5-ish minutes to get since they make it fresh. Came out super warm and soft. The cinnamon sugar was nice and sweet. The donut itself was so delicious, probably because it was so fresh! Great place - would definitely come back to try their other donuts!Stopped by here about a week ago and had the Old Fashioned Glazed donut as well as the Chocolate toffee. Both were great but The Old Fashioned was definitely my favorite. Will definitely come back to try others :)Absolutely amazing fresh made donuts. Will definitely be back next time I am in PhillyI feel like the hot and fresh donuts are 4-5 stars depending on the flavor and the ones that are already made and sitting out are a solid 4 stars. I'll just bump it to a 5 for the great service too! The hot and fresh ones have an amazing texture and consistency. They are literally made to order so they come out pippin' hot, and for me most desserts taste better warm. It's also so light and airy and fluffy! I first ordered the cinnamon sugar one which tasted like a churro. Then I tried my friend strawberry lavender one and was blown away! That one was the best of the three hot and fresh options. It's sweet and floral, a great combo. I then HAD to try the Oreo one which was pretty good, though I must say my least fave of the hot and fresh options. The worker behind the counter (I wish I knew her name but she was working on Saturday 10/16 at 12:30pm) was so sweet and enthusiastic and made my day!Tasty chicken. Horrible donuts. I visited federal around 11AM and ordered the coconut curry fried chicken along with a honey donut. The chicken was good and had a unique flavor profile, but the donut tasted extremely dry and flavorless. Actually, the only flavor I could even remotely taste in the seemingly stale donut was frying oil. I ended up spitting out what bites I had taken and throwing the rest away. In the end, the donut ruined the entire dining experience. Bottom line - order the fried chicken, pass on the over hyped inedible donuts.Wow! Stopped in here this afternoon for a quick snack after hearing great things, and I was not disappointed! I ordered a hot and fresh cinnamon sugar donut. There was only one other customer in the store, and my donut took about 3 minutes to be ready. Upon receiving my donut, it indeed was piping hot and fresh from the frier. It was dusted in a generous portion of the cinnamon sugar and was melt in your mouth delicious. As others have said, it is more of a cakey donut but still light and fluffy. Absolutely delicious! It was almost too hot to eat but I scarfed it down like I hadn't eaten in years. I cannot vouch for the premade, fancy donuts but I would definitely recommend Federal Donuts!Yummy! These are must have when you're strolling around Philly. The store was clean and staff were very friendly too. They even try to explain us what's the best and must try donuts.The wings are SO good. The inside is moist and the outside is amazingly crunchy. I originally asked what came in the three piece chicken, and was told a leg, thigh, and breast, and they can't switch out the pieces because then they would have to throw away the rest of the pieces from the other sets they took from. I didn't really understand why, and I just wanted some chicken legs, but I settled for the wings, and they made up for the original disappointment of not getting any legs.
While you are pretty limited in picking out the kind of chicken pieces you want, the person who ordered after me asked for the chicken sandwich without the buttermilk ranch seasoning, so at least the sandwich seems to be customizable.
I didn't realize at first that you get a donut with every chicken order, so that was definitely a nice treat! My only regret is not eating the donut first. I ate my wings and fries first, so my donut (which is made fresh when you order) was cold by the time I got to it, and the oil kind of seeped in and made some of the inside a little mushy. It was definitely the kind of donut that would have been much better hot, but when I had it cold, it was really sweet and VERY oily. I did get a few bites of just the inside untouched by the oil, and it was soooo good. You can see in the picture, it's very fluffy, and it had a great taste (and I'm not usually a fan of plain donuts, but I would definitely have more of these!). My advice is to try them hot, and I can't wait to do so myself.
The fries were pretty basic. They kinda tasted like you could just get them out of the freezer isle of the grocery store and that's really all I have to say about them. 
I brought home one wing and some french fries and reheated them for dinner, and it's probably not something I would do again. I may have set the bar too high, expecting so much after how good it tasted fresh during lunch, but reheated, it was considerably less enjoyable.
As good as it is, I wouldn't go here often because it is pretty expensive for lunch. I got lunch with someone who got the same thing as me, and for 2 fries, 2 5pc wings, and the included donuts, the meal was almost $30. 
Federal Donuts will be a nice occasional lunch when I want to treat myself, and the only thing keeping me from getting their delectable chicken and donuts every day is the price.... And maybe the fact that that much oil is pretty bad for you, but that's besides the point. If you don't mind the price, I would highly recommend you try this place out.
My takeaways and tips are:
Chicken wings: a little pricy but so tasty and worth it.
French fries: meh, they're just average but I would probably get them again to have a side with my meal.
Donut: sweet and fluffy, great flavor, but eat it hot!!
Price: I'm just a college student who generally tries to keep lunch under $10, so this is a little much for me, but it's a good treat-yourself lunch for me, and I think it's worth the cost.Friendly staff and amazing fresh donuts. Get the fried chicken too. A lot of topping options for the fried chicken.
I recommend getting the fancy donuts, the glaze is amazing. They change the flavor quite often. The gentleman who helped me was so welcoming and niceWe stopped by Federal Donuts bc my brother loves their chicken. It was just okay to me.
I also ordered fries with Za'tar seasoning which my 5 yr old devoured. If you can get a picky eater to devour something, it must be good.
What was almost life changing for me were their hot strawberry lavender donuts. Those were my absolute favorite and highlight of my experience.Classic donuts were great! Don't go overboard, stick with the basics you will not be disappointed! Cookies N Cream was awesome!This location is super new; it's nice and spacious and has some outdoor seating. ALMOST makes up for the nearby OG location closing, ha. My boyfriend and I stopped in and had:
+ Passionfruit tahina doughnut 
+ Strawberry rhubarb doughnut 
+ Cinnamon brown sugar doughnut
+ Strawberry lavender doughnut 
+ Fried chicken sandwich 
My favorite doughnuts were the passionfruit, cinnamon sugar and strawberry lavender (looove the hot ones). Chicken was great as always, too!Swung by this new location in the morning to grab some coffee and donuts. While the indoor seatings were limited, there were more outdoor seating available right outside the store. The staff was super friendly and the wait was not too long when I got there. I came to try their Donut Latte and one of their fancy donuts. I ended up packing the Salted Caramel Nutella Donut and it was extremely fluffy and tasty. Would definitely go back to try different donut flavors!First morning in Philadelphia 
Went for a stroll looking for a coffee and happened to stumble on this place 
As soon as we walked through the door we were greeted with a warm genuine "good morning,how are you today" from a very enthusiastic woman with blue hair 
Not only did we get great coffee and fantastic donuts but the customer service knocks both out of the parkThey only had one cook and one cashier manning the entire place when I was there so it took awhile for orders to be processed and made even with only a couple other people there waiting.  Otherwise, taste and quality is about equal to to other Federal Donuts...
Come here for their cake donuts (versus the traditional yeast donuts that you eat at Dunkin Donuts, Krispy Kreme, ect.), which are more substantive and full in texture versus your typical fluffy yeast donut.  Unfortunately, Federal Donuts does overprice their donuts in general, i.e. I could get 6 yeast donuts versus 2 Federal Donuts.  
Recommend their Cinnamon and Sugar donut if its your first time trying one.  In regards to their chicken, sometimes it is too dry, sometimes the sauce is too much - it all depends on the cook/chef making them.  Otherwise, just another Federal Donuts if you are into the franchise!Who doesn't like freshly made donuts?  If your only experience with donuts is at your typical donut shop like Dunkin', then you have to give this place a try. Their flavored, "just made" donuts are awesome. I had the Strawberry Lavender and thought it was delicious!
The staff was also super nice and polite. I will definitely be back here next time I visit Philadelphia.Their chicken is the best. I love their fried chicken wings (either plain or with the soy glaze) and am looking forward to trying their sandwich. 
I think I prefer the chicken to their donuts, which are good but sometimes pretty oily. I'm a fan of the regular sugar donuts , particularly the cinnamon and vanilla (the fancy ones aren't bad or anything, but I don't particularly love them).
I'm still on the hunt for a normal (cheaper) neighborhood donut shop, but until I find one I'll keep coming here.Goodbye dieting
Hello happiness
Get the sea salt chocolate donut.
I think most everything has been said about this establishment. It is great. I have to resist and make this a Friday morning thing now. 
Their chicken can be skipped. It is good but the donuts are what make this place great, not the chicken,I attend Penn Law and Federal Donuts has been my saving grace. I honestly go every day to get a donut, coffee, or a combination of the two. The specialty and hot and fresh donuts never disappoint. My favorite has been the Great Pumpkin, but that is unfortunately just seasonal. But I am very much looking forward to fall to have it again! The staff is also extremely friendly and honestly just helps brighten my day. This is one of the first places I take any visitor.The donuts are creative and they do deliver in flavor. They run out of the fancy blinds pretty early but they have the hot and fresh ones. The fried chicken has a pretty crunchy breading you can choose the type of seasoning or sauces. There are some seats but it gets crowded fast. Service is pretty efficient.When I walked in here I was expecting a coffee shop with muffins, maybe crescents, in addition to donuts. I was slightly disappointed walking in when I only saw donuts. I'm not a big donut fan. I usually can never eat a whole one b/c I usually find it to be too "heavy". I ended up choosing dark chocolate, which is simply a chocolate covered donut. I have to say, it was surprisingly the best donut I ever had! It wasn't heavy at all and the actual donut, not just the chocolate, was very tasty! I was pleasantly surprised. They also serve fried chicken, which I will definitely have to check out while I'm in town.I'm not even a doughnut person but this was delicious. The chicken and seasonings were great as well and more importantly the service was great. The woman was very pleasant and took the time to explain each donut. Awesome experience!After hearing a lot about this place I finally decided on checking out Federal Donuts. The donuts were freshly made on spot so they were really soft and warm they tasted great however they were a little too sweet for me. I tried the brown sugar, strawberry, Oreo favor donuts'. Def worth a try if you have sweet tooth!Fried Chicken Swag.
The Good: Light, fluffy, melt-in-your mouth doughnuts! Their fried chicken is tender and juicy. The golden skin is lightly breaded, not doing the sidestroke in grease like most fried chicken. The staff here is friendly and helpful, too.
The Bad: The honey doughnuts aren't always hot, and they have a hint of tartness I find strangely off-putting. The chicken rubs are tasty, but they seem like somewhat of an afterthought -- I suggest sticking to plain. Minor nitpicks with an otherwise wonderful establishment!Had the cinnamon brown sugar hot doughnut... so much flavor in one bite! Can't wait to head back and try the fried chicken!A bit underwhelmed by the donuts and fried chicken. I came from a Southern town that had the artisanal donut thing going on, in addition to a ton of great fried chicken places (both hip and hole-in-the-wall). Federal Donuts' fried chicken is okay in comparison, and I've found that the sandwich here and fried chicken are always lacking something, I think maybe the crispiness and deep, flavorful fried goodness I've come to expect. The donut flavors are also really slow to change, and oftentimes they're not that satisfying to me. Too sweet on the frosting. The freshly fried plain donuts are awesome though.Best donuts I've ever had in my life. Freshly fried upon order, and dipped in your choice of flavor. I think their specialty fancy donuts are not actually worth it because they are not made to order. Service is mediocre, as everyone else here claims.Was smaller than I had expected, drove up from Baltimore to see what it was all about and I love a good Donut and some Fried Chicken.. The chicken was really tasty but very small at the same time. Them Donuts were SCRUMPTIOUS! That Lavender one YESSS Ma'am  and the Butter Pecan was just as good, had a great day in the Overbearing heat!Don't really get the hype about this place but maybe I need to try it again to give a more fair review. However, the donuts that I had were nothing special and kind of dry.I wandered into federal donuts on a chilly evening right before closing. None of the fancy ones were left so I ordered a brown sugar cinnamon Hot and Fresh donut , which is fried fresh. Highly recommend that! It's definitely a rare find ! The donut was cake style and had a coating that was slightly salty , which I enjoyed! Would come back to try the fried chicken!Everyone one talking about the donuts and chicken is to die for.  The donuts melt in your mouth. But I haven't had the chicken the donuts are delicious but their overprice.I heard so many things about Federal Donuts and had to know what the fuss was all about. Well now I know. It's because the donuts and chicken here are to die for. I was surprised to see everything made to order, sizzling hot, and extra scrumptious. 
I haven't tasted donuts this good in a long time and definitely will be back to eat some more.My first visit I was given 2 pieces of raw chicken.  I wrote to them(since no one answered the phone) and was given a response immediately.  They were very kind a curteous.  Other than the 2 pieces I actually got to eat (and keep down after the raw pieces) I also had a salted chocolate donut.  Very sweet!  The donut that comes with the chicken is the best and they need to sell that as an option.
Fast forward...I emailed the person who I coresponded with and she contacted the store and they comped my lunch and gave me extra donuts.  Even with the mishap they were all amazing and fixed the wrong with no problems.  Today, I tried the wings since i was perturbed by the other chicken and they were cooked very good.My rating is based on the donuts...Not something I would order again. One, the options are limited. Two, taste more like cornmeal base or something. I liked that it was warm but I just didn't see the "greatness" in it. I will be back to try the chicken!The chicken and donuts are AMAZING! I had the Honey Ginger wings they were excellent!!! The donuts are the BEST I have ever had!!!!The unique donut selection is a wonderful way to start any morning -- but don't forget to try one of the made fresh hot donuts - cinnamon sugar was perfect!!High-tailed it here after six hours of class, about a week after opening. I don't know how to describe my love for donuts without getting too explicit, but let's just say that I love them.
Very much.
Their donuts are amazing. We tried the choco strawberry, marshmallow squared, and sticky bun (they had run out of the chocolate sea salt). The sticky bun fancy donut was perfect and not overwhelmingly sweet, and the strawberry flavor of the choco strawberry was incredible.
The four stars are just for the donuts. We did try the chicken with pad thai glaze; I loved the glaze, but there was an entire piece that was raw on the inside, and I couldn't stomach any more. We probably shouldn't have ordered it--when we walked in, there was another customer talking to the staff about his chicken that was also raw (just from a passing glance, it was...intensely raw.) But I was starving and really wanted to try the chicken, so we got it anyway, which was a mistake. We took our order to go, so we didn't raise the issue with the staff.
This location is only a week old, so hopefully they iron out the kinks soon with the chicken, but the donuts are perfect!This is the most over priced, terrible chicken one can get. You are really paying for the name. The chicken was dry, tasted like rancid oil, coating was soggy and soaked I mean SOAKED in oil. I couldn't really taste anything in the garlic chill glaze over the rancid oil taste. The donuts were at least better than the chicken. Strawberry lavender didn't taste like anything other than sugar. Disappointed in this place. 
Also on a side note, the cashier was on her phone the whole time and eating right at the counter. That is disgusting and rude shows that your customers aren't the main prioritySome of the best donuts I've ever had, and they always have non-traditional flavors if that's your thing. Today had tres leches, blueberry pancake, milk & cookies, strawberry cheesecake, and churro. Two flavors were sold out and I had the blueberry pancake and strawberry cheesecake flavors, neither of which were my first choice. 
They were both incredible, with the dough really standing out and the icing complimenting it very nicely. Combined with coffee, the donuts here remain one of my favorite desserts. One problem I had with the store is that the tables are sticky, and sometimes covered with a sparse layer of crumbs. Other than that, it's a small, cute store with a friendly staff and quality donuts. 
Highly recommend.
Oh, also take note that there's no wifi and so working here isn't really ideal.I've only been here once, because someone I was with really wanted to go there.  And it was fine.  I liked the donut better than the chicken. But it has limited seating, and no rest rooms.  (How does a restaurant that offers dine-in service even get away with that?).  And it really is only chicken and donuts - no veggies, no other desserts.  So if you love chicken and/or donuts and don't need a rest room, it's great.As a self-proclaimed "donut queen," I'm here to say that these are the best donuts in Philadelphia. I come here so often that some of the workers recognize me, and no matter what I order I'm never disappointed. Each new "fancy" donut flavor they come up with is better than the last, and their selection of hot & fresh donuts are classic. 
If I crave more than just donuts though I get one of their chicken sandwiches. The fried chicken is so crispy and fresh and the pickles make it everything. Who knew fried chicken and donuts were a match made in heaven?!Worst greasiest donuts I ever had, ridiculously expensive.  Maybe I should try the chicken instead.I normally don't have a sweet tooth, but wanted to try this place.  I was pleasantly surprised when I got my order that the donuts were still warm and when I took a bite, it practically melted in my mouth.  I haven't had such a delicious donut in a long long time.  Tried/shared a vanilla spice and cinnamon brown sugar.  The texture and 'frosting' was just the right amount.  Makes the more commonly known donut places taste very very ordinary/conventional.  
I like how they provide customers with wet napkins and an abundance of napkins.  
The one thing that was sorta gross was that there was a two utensil buckets, one was labeled Clean and the other labeled as Dirty.  What if someone accidentally took a utensil from the Dirty bucket without looking??!!  Kinda gross, don't you think?  Isn't it more sanitary to use plastic utensils at a place like this??  or at least someone should take away after you're done??People say FedDo's fried chicken is hit or miss, but it's always been a hit for me! I've tried za'atar, coconut curry, buttermilk ranch and sweet soy garlic, and my favorite is za'atar. Something about the coconut curry and buttermilk ranch taste a little artificial. The chicken is served hot out of the fryer and has never been overcooked/dry like it has been for others, but I will say that it's pretty overpriced for what you get (even though a half order fills me up). Donuts are pretty good though. I've had the grapefruit brulee, vanilla spice, chocolate peanut butter and cinnamon brown sugar, but I actually like the honey donut that comes with the fried chicken more than any of these hot fresh or fancy donuts. Good food, decent service. I don't loooove it but I do find myself craving it sometimes! 
There's not a lot of seating here, so get it to go and eat it at Moravian Food Court on 34th and Walnut if it's busy!Don't get me wrong-- the donut was fine but, if anything, my mouth was a bit confused. Based on the other Yelp reviews, I decided to start out my Federal Donuts experience with the Strawberry Lavender donut, which seems to be an offering unique to here as well as delicious. The line was short (I went on a Saturday afternoon) and I got my donut within a minute or two of ordering. Hot, fresh donut-- just as promised. The taste of the donut is... Not exactly what I expected. It tastes like a big, warm Strawberry Pocky with a little bit of a lavender-ish aroma. It was very soft, even for an old-fashioned donut which, if you're more into the slightly crispy donut, you might be a little disappointed. The donut was okay but not anything that I'd find myself craving anytime soon. Maybe next time I'll get there early so I can try a specialty donut.Simply the best donuts we've ever had. Stopped in on a Friday morning, and the place wasn't too crowded. Employees were great... friendly and helpful, and patient while we tried to decide what to order. We ended up with an assortment of freshly made and fancy donuts, then sat at the tables outside and devoured them! Ice coffee is great too! This place puts the chain donut shops (Dunkin, Krispy Kreme) to shame. A tad pricey, but seriously worth it. This place is amazing.The best fried chicken ever!!! The skin is so crunch, and the meat is tender, flavorful and juicy. My favorite was honey garlic and ranch. I'll drive to Philly next time just for the chicken!!!These donuts definitely live up to their reputation. They're a bit on the pricey side. About $2 and some cents each. 
They're made to order so they're hot and fresh when you go to eat them. I tried the cookies and cream and also the cinnamon sugar. They both tasted the same.
The cookies and cream had sugar on it and cookie crumbs. And cinnamon sugar was your standard cinnamon sugar donut. They were messy to eat but that didn't stop me from eating both of them in the car. 
I still have yet to try their fried chicken! I definitely will soon!When I worked near here this was my favorite place for lunch. Why did it take so long for a place to specialize in friend chicken and donuts? The place is small, but I always managed to get a seat for lunch. The friend chicken is very good, but I'm not a fan of the seasonings. I prefer to get the chicken "naked". The donuts are delicious, with the pumpkin spiced latte being the standout star that I would get cravings for. It's a shame that donut is only sold for maybe the last 2 months of the year. But you can't go wrong with any of the donuts. The staff here was always incredibly nice. The downside is that the donuts are expensive. You can get cheaper donuts elsewhere, but there is no place in University city that serves donuts this good.Woahhhh bomb crazy fried chicken sandwich. Seriously the best I've ever had. Solid coffee and great donuts too.Went to a different location than listed above, (1632 Sansom St., Philadelphia, PA) on Wed., May 31, 2017. I was really impressed with the behind counter person, 'Sierra'. She was both friendly, outgoing and seemed quite genuine in her desire to please every customer who walked in the door. I enjoyed the 3 piece chicken with a dry Middle Eastern seasoning blend called 'zattar'. The resultant flavor was both savory and fresh, with a bit of a citrus aftertaste. I highly recommend this chain, and this location, both! The Hot Fresh donuts are just that...made to order before your eyes; quite a treat!I used to live next to Doughnut Plant in LES. The downside of living next to such a delicious doughnut shop is that I started to develop impossibly high standards for doughnuts.  During our weekend trips to Philly, I fell in love with Beiler's at the Reading Market, however once I tried Federal Donuts I was hooked. 
The first time I tried Federal Donuts, I ordered the 3 piece fried chicken and it came with a honey donut. I thought the chicken was just average, but I was obsessed with the small honey donut. It was perfection, nice and soft, just a hint of sweetness and it practically melted in my mouth. Unfortunately, at the time, all of the fancy donuts were already sold out. I vowed to come back and try the other Donuts. 
Since that fateful first time, I've been back numerous times to try the different donut flavors. My absolute favorites have been Guava Poppy, Strawberry Cheesecake, Blueberry Pancake and the special edition Stardust flavor to honor David Bowie.  Not only are the donuts delicious, they are also beautiful to look at, almost like a piece of art! 
Even though I didn't love the fried chicken here, I do really like the Fried Chicken Sandwich. Those lil guys are fried to perfection and the spicy sauce takes the sandwich to another level. It's not big, perfect size as a snack. Or as the starter dish for your donuts :)
Hopefully these guys will decide to open up a store in NYC, I am sure they will do extremely well here!This was my first visit and I have to say, I am very impressed. I went in to try a donut, and was surprised to see that they make it fresh for you. There are few things in life as delicious as fried dough with sugar, and this establishment knows how to get it right. They have an assortment of specialty donuts, but they run out of these by 2pm. 
Although I prefer classic flavors, I was curious to try a strawberry-lavender donut. Mind you, this is one of the regular flavors they have. Even before you take bite, the aroma will hit you and one bite is all it takes to know that this is the donut from heaven. Fine sugar almost melting on the hot fried dough creates magic in your mouth! 
I was so floored with the donut that I decided to try their wings and, boy, they were good. They have some seating and the service is top-notch. I casually mentioned how much I loved that donut that they seem to have given me a free one for a second order! Thank you Federal Donuts for bringing some warmth on this cold winter evening. 
Do yourself a favor and give this place a try, even if they are out of the fancy donuts! I know I am coming back!Came here for the grand opening. There was a bit of a line (11am), but orders were taken really quickly. The places is small with very limited seating. There are also no restrooms (which are much needed to wash off that post fried chicken grease).
Got the Salted Chocolate and Chocolate Covered Strawberry donuts. Also tried the Marshmallow Marshmallow as a sample. These are probably the most accurately flavored donuts I've ever had. Absolutely delicious. Their fancy donuts are $2 each. They also have hot and fresh ones for like $1.25 or $1.50 that seem to be fried to order. Will definitely be trying these next.
The fried chicken was hot, crispy, and fresh. Got the pad thai flavor, which was good, but a bit too lime-y for my taste. I've heard good things about the soy garlic. The order came with pickled cucumbers (meh) and a free honey donut (yum!), which were nice bonuses. The menu was a bit confusing though. 6 wings does not equal a half order (and 12 wings does not equal a whole order). You can get either 6 wings or a half order (4 pieces) for the same price, and likewise for the larger order.Great donuts!  We enjoyed the old fashioned, Mighty Quinn and cinnamon!   Very friendly staff.It's dangerous to have a federal donuts across the street from my law school!! The close proximity is both a blessing and a curse- I'm footsteps away from one of the best donuts in Philly, but I'm constantly having to explain to my mom why my credit card bill shows me going there every week (read: every other day). The donuts are scrumdiddlyumptious - Cakey and doughy, unlike the donuts I am used to eating back in LA which are airier and fluffier. It's a nice change and they have very interesting and unique flavors. I really love their special seasonal flavors- milk and cookies, banana cream pie, and they even had a special swirl for a weekend. 
Their fried chicken sandwich is out of this world. Pair it with a Diet Coke and it's literally the best snack ever.
The only slight downside is the price- it's around $2 for the specialty donuts and the fried chicken sandwich is $9. The price still doesn't deter me from splurging on Federal Donuts!One sentence description of the fresh donuts: batter cooked in oil, kind of covered in a flavor of your choice, then covered, no, drowned, in a truckload of sugar.
In one word, disgusting.
I came a couple days back and got one of the strawberry lavender, cinnamon, and cookies and cream.
To say I was disappointed would be an understatement. I promise all you who haven't tried their donuts before, do not get it. It seriously tastes like sugar and bread. There's so much sugar that it overwhelms any other possible flavor. I cant believe no one talks about how terrible these donuts are. 
If my warning does not scare you away, i guess the most reasonable one to try would be the cinnamon and brown sugar. The cinnamon taste is pretty strong so compared to the other donuts that don't seem to have much flavor (besides the sweetness of the donuts), it tastes like a churro drowned in sugar. 
I heard their chicken (and sandwich) is good so maybe i'll go back to try those. Nevertheless, you will not see me go back for their donuts.
A total disappointment.One of the best donuts places in University City! Looking forward to try their chicken!It's was something different the chicken was good we had the curry coconut flavor it was delicious the donut was good. It's a small and unique restaurant.Really cool atmosphere with a small but delicious selection of donuts. The chicken was a tad bland, and the batter was...odd. Still a satisfying lunch, and the stars were definitely the donuts!I found the location in University City and stopped here for a coffee before my nearby dental appointment. I sat outside as it was a nice morning.  The coffee is decent. Has a nice taste. Yes, they have good donuts and chicken too. Today I only got coffee, and when I was done asked for bathroom, "No we don't" the girl said. You are a restaurant and serve coffee and no public bathroom for paying customer? I thought and walked to my dentist office. I don't eat donuts or fried chicken often, but may come back just make sure I use facilities prior.My boss surprised me for Nurses week and invited me here! I had the basic fried chicken which was perfect!  I had the soy dip sauce on the side and it gave my chicken a nice twist.  The ginger pickles were also wonderful.  The best part was the bite of the donut that comes with your chicken. It was sweet and savory and pulled my entire meal together!  The dessert donuts....that is a whole different review.  Just pure yum!   I can't wait to go back. Staff nice and handled the crowd well !I own a Federal Donuts t-shirt (the light blue one with the two dudes on a canoe). Their shirts are pretty quirky. Their service is always on point and everybody is so friendly. The fried chicken is pretty expensive though. It's a really interesting combination getting the half chicken with a donut on the side. Love the freshly warmed donuts, especially the cinnamon brown sugar one. Yummy.Made to order donuts were amazing. Get there early since they sell out of the fancy donuts pretty quickly.  Cinnamon brown sugar and chocolate peanut butter are a must. Sansom st is pretty nice too. Definitely go here if you're in philly.With the very limited menu they have perfected their two items Chicken and Donuts. I ordered the  Irish potato, chocolate frosted and the triple chocolate donut. If you are a chocolate lover you will be in love. The donut was more of a cake like consistency and just super good. Love it will return to try other flavors. The space here is small and good for takeout orders.Absolutely delicious donuts here! Not only are the donuts to die for, the service was phenomenal! Ally and Erin were the sweetest workers! Federal donuts needs to come to JERSEY!Great donuts and super nice staff. We joined a long line of tourists who all apparently saw this place on food network because everyone was taking pictures and ordering one of everything. So did we. Foodies coming to Philly, put this on your list.I used to to go the one near Rittenhouse a few years ago and got super excited when I saw one near U Penn.  I was shocked to learn that they still had fried chicken at 6 pm (they used to run out by 1 at Rittenhouse).  I excitedly sat down and tore into my chicken and donuts, only to be heavily disappointed by the dry almost stale chicken and the cold donut.  Will not be returning.  I'm afraid they expanded too fast because this store did not offer any of the things I loved about the original storesFood: 4.5
Decor: 3.5
Ambiance: 5
Service: 4.5
Value: 4.5
Delicious cakey donuts served by good people at a reasonable price.Decent fried chickenif I want some fried chicken in philly, I am coming here. Chicken is fresh and juicy. I prefer to powder seasoned compare to glazed.Love their hot fresh!! Especially the Orange one but they stopped serving it. Always so light and fluffy besides being hot and fresh (haha) and never feels too heavy or creamy! I like their hot fresh much better than their creamier fancy donuts that are usually cold. Their fried chicken is always succulent and juicy. I've tried their buttermilk and sweet soy flavors and absolutely love it!! This place serves better donuts than anywhere else I've been and it's easier to get big orders too!Super cute space and the strawberry lavender donut was INCREDIBLE!!! So fresh, sweet, and dense but not heavy! Definitely going back!!The donuts and fried chicken is delicious but the location by UPenn was very dirty and smells like mold . Ruins the experienceDefinitely go for the hot fresh! They're warm, crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. Plus, the different flavored sugars were a nice sweet touch but not too overwhelming. 
We also had the old fashioned glazed, which I'm sure fresh and warm is fantastic, but I went later in the day, around 1:30, and that's exactly what it tasted like, a 1:30 donut. Same for the blueberry mascarpone. Nice blueberry kick, just not as intriguing as the hot fresh offerings.Omgosh I had the strawberry lavender donut and it was very tasty.  Also, I bought cinnamon brown sugar and vanilla. The donuts are fluffy, warm, and delicious. The service was fast and polite. Love the fact its indoor and outdoor seating. I like the flavors you can choose from because who would've thought butter pecan donut  lol. If you're looking for a quick sweet treat definitely check this spot out.Ahhh federal donuts.. My heart melts when I think of those scrumptious, delectable warm donuts lathered in  cinnamon, strawberry lavender or vanilla spice  dust! On top of this you surprise me with the ever changing fancy donuts which change year round and seasonally!  I will miss some of those limited offers such as the chocolate malt, salted caramel and pumpkin spice.  The chicken isn't all that special but hey the place is called federal donuts, you go there for the donuts! Get there early so you have your choice of everything they have to offer for the day and enjoy yourself some delicious donuts that will leave you smiling.So not only is this place super cute, but is on the pricer side (not expensive for gourmet donuts). The inside has a cute seating area and there are a few chair outside. I got the cookies and cream donut and it was amazing, but honestly tasted like the same one they sell at Dunkin Donuts. Would rec trying it out, but if you are going to splurge get the special donuts.There are two ways to my heart; fried chicken and donuts. In theory Federal Donuts and I are a match made in heaven. People RAVE about this place. I've been to both the University City and Center City locations several times. I pre-ordered 3 dozen donuts online for pick up at the UCity location for a new student function. (You have to do this if you're ordering more than a dozen.) I wanted to give everyone a taste of Philly and move away from the standard DD order. I must say that the pre-order worked seamlessly. I ordered two dozen fancy donuts and one dozen of the mixed "hot fresh" two days before my event. My order was on time when I picked up and there were no leftovers. The donuts are dense and cake-like rather than fluffy and full of air like DD. They are a tad bit expensive, but if you're trying to make an impression, this will do it. 
When I order the chicken, I usually opt for the buttermilk ranch dry seasoning. It's made to order and is normally deliciously crisp and flavorful. It was once served to me pink, but that was in the early days and they correct their error. The only bone I have to pick with Federal Donuts is the fact that they give you a free donut with your chicken purchase. I've inquired about purchasing this flavorful donut sans chicken and was told they don't sell it on it's own. Only with the chicken. Why? Give me one good reason? 
As for the chicken wings (and fancy donuts I'm told) they have X amount available for the day and once it's gone it's gone. I took ECON 101 and 102 in college. I understand the thought of a shrinking supply will increase demand. But it's hella annoying in my opinion. You're making good food, no need to be weird about it. If you keep running out, buy more. Give the people what they want! If you get there too late you're SOL. If they start to put the customers first, maybe my heart will mend. But for not, this is a love-hate relationship. I love your food, but hate your business model's attitude.This was my first time and I will not be returning. The counter girl was bordering on rude. Was not helpful at all. When I asked what kind of donuts they had she only pointed to the plate of fancy donuts, I assumed they were the only ones they had. I was extremely disappointed!I have been to another location and the ladies there were pretty awesome. This location? Eh not so much. Nearly every one I was with got sick. The donuts tasted weird. My wife said chicken and I said rancid grease or burnt grease. We both had the brown sugar one considering there were only like 4 or 5 options.....
She returned to the inside to ask for a refund because the donuts did not taste to well. The employee promptly told her that they dont give refunds and that was all. No apologies and maybe offer her to try a different flavor or remake a new one. This wasnt cool at all. Considering that 1 donut is nearly 3 bucks and you could get a dozen for 6 bucks at Dunkin Donuts which has so many more options and flavors you would think that customer service would be better.
Maybe thats to much to ask? I dont know.Fried chicken was okay, I suppose.  Chicken was overcooked & more dry than I'd like, so I can't really recommend the chicken here.
The honey donut that came with the chicken was nothing special. (It's not the hot & fresh kind.)I'm a little bit embarrassed to say that over the past 24 hours I've been back from Spring Break (Federal Donuts opened during break), I stopped by this place three times. 
I absolutely love donuts, and when it comes to these delicious doughs of circle, I've usually gone with Dunkin or Wawa donuts, but those don't compare to what Federal Donuts offers. 
Why is Federal Donust awesome? It's meant for food lovers who appreciate the combination of donuts + coffee + fried chicken. When I can avoid making separate trips to Wishbone/Crown Fried Chicken and Starbucks/Dunkin/Wawa, I'm happy! This place makes me happy!
Check out this new branch, it's worth a stop. Food is a bit expensive (and I'm also not used to tipping for donuts, coffee, or fried chicken), but give it a try before you blow it off. There are some awesome fancy donuts, and their hot donuts are great too. Likewise, try the fried chicken, it's definitely not the usual that you expect!After seeing this shop from an article of top fried chicken joints in the country, I got to try it and it does not disappoint. Tried the buttermilk ranch and was awesome. Tried their basic selection of donuts and it is great and filling. I got to try their fancy donuts next.This place unleashes my inner fatty to the max!
Casual no frills donuts and fried chicken.  That's all they got and that's all they need to have a line that will be out the door on a Sunday morning/afternoon.
I would come here more so for donuts than for their chicken.
Come early if you want their specialty donuts that they only make a limited amount of each day.
Fresh donuts are made and flavored in combo with sugar mixture.  They are so fluffy and sooooo delish!!!
For chicken we ordered wings with sweet soy garlic. This is one of their "wet seasonings".  It was pretty salty for our taste, but flavorful.
Our friend got the half chicken with dry seasoning buttermilk ranch and that was overwhelming.  The seasoning is "dry" and makes your mouth super dry.  There's a lot of flavor going on and on top of that, really salty.  It's worth trying but I would recommend ordering a half portion and splitting it.
All orders come with a donut (lemon?) and pickle slices. (love the pickles here!)
They have outdoor seating and will bring your food out to you so no need to wait inside.
They also have Dr. Brown's sodas which is so rare to find in places.  Black cherry, root beer, cream soda... they're all so good!This hype train has been running full steam for quite some time now. So, needless to say, when I learned they had a new location near Penn's campus, where I work, I said to myself, "I want to go to there." And, go to there I did.
My wife and I set up a lunch date and met at the newest Federal Donuts location. It's a small spot and other than a picture of a chicken, there is nothing else, like a name, telling you are in the right place. They have a small amount of seating. The line was packed with college students thirsting for the popular Federal Donuts stuff. I could tell by the chatter that many were first timers like us.
We got a crumberry and a marshmallow donut. Both were real tasty. Moist and full of flavor. Certainly better than the average donut. We were off to a good start.
For the chicken, we got the Buttermilk Ranch flavor. It was a nice bonus that it also came with a donut, but it was one of their plainer donuts and nothing special. The size of the chicken pieces was a bit odd. Not sure how they cut it up, but nothing to be alarmed by, or is it? El gato!!! Kidding, probably not.
The chicken was cooked well. It could have been a little crispier for my taste. The meat was nice and juicy. But the seasoning was "woah wait a minute" powerful. As the salt rushed through my veins, I swear I heard "Who Let the Dog's Out" in the background.
If not for the seasoning fail, not to mention the hype train that came to a major halt, I might have rated this higher. But get drunk enough, like I imagine many of the Federal Do-NUTS purveyors do, than maybe your taste will be numb to the over powering salt.
I might be back for a donut, but I will take a pass on the chicken.I always have a good experience here, the employees are always sweet and attentive, the shop is clean and bright with window light, and the donuts are definitely some of the best in Philly. Their outside seats are a plus. Their chocolate churro donut is amazing!I sometimes get coffee here in the morning and it's really good. I really like the counter setup where you prepare your coffee. There are no individual sugar packets and regular metal spoons are put out for stirring, there is a clean and dirty container for the spoons. I have also had doughnuts on occasion and they are always delicious, the flavors are creative. This is NOT Dunkin Donuts, expect something refreshingly new and 100x better. I have also had the chicken sandwich twice, also very good. To top everything off the staff is awesome and they always have interesting music playing.There is absolutely something magical about their donuts. I wish they had a location over in the Northeast so I could get them more often.Yummy donuts! Good quality, although I wasn't particularly blown away by the donuts. (Note: chicken only available for lunch -- not for breakfast!) They had quite a few good flavors; my favorite was the blueberry, with the strawberry lavender coming up as a close second.Fresh hot donuts?  Yes please.  Made to order fresh and hot, the bag is steaming, and smells wonderful.  It's a classic old fashioned donut dressed up with flavors like "strawberry lavender".  I enjoyed my donut selection fresh and warm.  I believe these donuts are best enjoyed seconds after they are put in your hand.  A definite must try.Years ago, on a trip to Vancouver, BC, we were directed by a friend to go to a doughnut shop in the neighborhood of Deep Cove. They were amazing. Well, Philadelphia is now number one -- Federal Donuts. A direct quote from my husband "these are the best doughnuts I've ever had." This is from a man that generally doesn't eat fried dough -- gives him heartburn. We had the lemon meringue. The doughnut was intensely lemony with a layer of sweet meringue. We also had a butter pecan -- divine. We will be back for more sweet treats (and their fried chicken)Their hot fresh donuts are AMAZING! However, be mindful that they're not the standard donut (the fluffy Krispy Kreme kind). It's a lot more a dense and bready. But they make it to order ("hot fresh" donut) so it's very delicious! Actually though, they're even good later. We bought a dozen and froze them. 
Three different flavors: 
1. Cookies n creme
2. Strawberry n lavender
3. Cinnamon brown sugar 
^ They're all coated with sugar (not frosting or glaze).. so they look the same. Strawberry n lavender is the sweetest of them all (so not my personal preference). I couldn't REALLY taste the cookies n creme. Personally like the cinnamon brown sugar!Wowza I've never had a donut with this texture and so soft!  Glad I don't live here,  this could be a dangerous habit!Although I'm not a donut fan, I had a huge craving . My Husband stopped by around 8am & brought home some donuts to satisfy my craving. 
Federal Donuts did not disappoint! Heard so much about this place that I was hesitant on how good it could be. It was amazing!! 
We got the cinnamon and brown sugar, blueberry mascarpone, chocolate sea salt and salted tahina. 
The cinnamon and brown sugar was my favorite. Hot and the perfect blend of cinnamon sugar and salt. 
-Blueberry Mascarpone was very good too. Definitely on the sweeter side. 
- Salted Tahina was different, very unique. I liked it, didn't quite know how to describe it.
- Chocolate Sea Salt was okay, nothing exceptional.
Can't wait to eat more donuts( I'm not even a donut fan) and try their fried chicken!!Went to one of their other stores earlier and had to make a pit stop again because of how good their donuts were! Can't go wrong with one of the hot donuts, and I recommend getting one of those before getting one of the specialty ones (although ideally one of each would be the way to go ). Gave previous store 4/5. This one deserves 5/5 because alongside the top-notch donuts the service stood out (my ultimate factor for giving 5/5). Staff asked for and referred to me by name and flagged me down when I almost left something behind.It's so nice to see a local business open up on South Street.  Had lunch here on a weekday and there were a few other people eating at tables.  It's great that they've been able to add a location that has actual seating.  I had a chicken sandwich and a key lime donut.  Both were fresh and great.  Prices are affordable.  There were a lot of people wandering in from South St who were visiting Philly.  The atmosphere and look are fun and clean and I'm so glad to have another location in the neighborhood.Was walking back from the Italian Market area when I stumbled upon this gem. Walked in and was greeted by many different smells. Definitely would recommend the strawberry and lavender doughnut(which melts in your mouth) and the eggnog doughnut. Didn't have a chance to try the chicken menu, will definitely come back.Went in to federal donuts because I heard about it on ig .... I walked in a young black gentleman greeted me and took my order ... the Caucasian woman with reddish / brownish hair young  at the register was rude when I was paying she asked me "what's your name " for  I said Oh Hi ... very bad customer service from her ... will probably not go back again or recommend... donut was just oI saw this place when I was visiting Philadelphia and decided to check it out since I do have a sweet tooth. Upon entering, the place didn't seem busy. The donut selection was small, like very small. The girl at the counter didn't really pay attention to me, but the tall male working there asked me if I was ready to order and offered me a sample. I ended up getting the mocha donut and a glass of almond milk. The mocha donut was rich with flavor, and with every bite dust of mocha crumbs would fall all over the table. I made a bit of a mess but I cleaned after myself. Overall, the donut was okay, nothing spectacular. Would I come here again if I was in Philadelphia? Probably not.Ordered the famed chicken sandwich- bread was cold, cheese was hard/not melted and chicken was average. For the price, this sandwich is an embarrassment. I'll stick to Chick Fil A.Amazing donuts!!! We've had all the sugar coated ones. They make them to order so you get these warm donuts covered in sugar, they're insanely delicious. We also had the grapefruit brle which was so unique and the perfect combination of sour and sweet. The wings were okay, for our taste they needed a bit more flavor. But still good. The staff is so friendly and great here!Finally I got the chance to try the infamous federal donut! 
The store itself is very nice and clean, although they sell fried chicken, I didn't smell the smoke at all, which means I can sit in the store to enjoy my donut and not to worry I will smell like fried chicken later. 
The staff is friendly. There was a short line and it moved very fast. Btw, they take cards and no minimal! 
The selection of the donut is less than I expected - there were only 5 or 6 kinds of donuts. I'm not sure if it's because i was there in the evening so some donuts sold out or what. But anyway, I got two donuts - mocha and strawberry. Oh boy!! I was immediately hooked after the first bite! The donut is not greasy like most donuts, and it has very nice flavor, not overly sweetened like most donuts! I enjoyed every bite of donuts! 
Price wise, it's a bit expensive for donuts - I think I paid over $5 for 2 donuts, but definitely worth to give it a try if you haven't. I will go back when craving for donuts!The best donuts I have ever had! Everyone was super friendly in there and great environment. I will gladly drive to philly just for these donuts! The blueberry mascarpone was delicious and the lavender donut heated was incredible! Worth the wait to get them fresh out of the ovenDelicious donuts- clean establishment- friendly staff. They also gave me a free box of donuts too! A little pricey, but they are more "gourmet" style donuts.My friend had the Red Velvet and my fianc got the Fishman donut. I normally don't like donuts at all. Everytime they're offered I always try just to see if something has changed but I never like it. But I loved both of them! I debated getting one after almost finishing all of my fianc's. Definitely coming back!As Woody Allen once said... "The food here is terrible, and the portions are too small."This review could have gone the complete other way. I had planned a Dinosaurs and Donuts themed birthday party for my son who turned three this past Saturday.  So, of course, Federal was my number one options for the donuts portion!  I ordered 3 orders of the mini donuts on Friday.  I received confirmation that they would be ready on Saturday morning... yet even though I came in way after they were suppose to be ready, I was told they didn't have any.  Apparently their mini donut maker was broken.  Yet, NO ONE CALLED.  No one emailed... I PANICKED.  I almost broke down in tears... I can't even begin to tell you... No way was I going to Duncan for all of these donuts and I already paid.  YET, then came the Donut Angel... LAUREN.  I'm not sure if this is how you spell her name, but you know who I'm talking about if you work there.... Lauren saved the day.  She extended a fair amount of freshly, just baked regular sized donuts in place of the minis.  Wrapped them up quickly and talked me off of my donut ledge.  Asked me sincere questions about my order, the birthday party, etc.  I'm sure it was just to calm me down, but I REALLY APPRECIATE IT.  THANK YOU LAUREN!  Everything turned out great and I really appreciate you helping and saving my party.  ...and now, you have over 30 new customers --parents who will be visiting Federal Donuts, because they're now obsessed!I came across this place as I was walking around south street. I ate a carrot cake donut and loved every bite of it. The donut tasted like a nice carrot cake in donut form. It had the perfect level of sugar and didn't leave an overwhelming aftertaste in your mouth. I wanted another donut but one filled me up. I'd definitely come here again for the donuts and nice staff!Meaning to try this since I had the federal donut inspired chicken sandwich all the way in The Nomad bar in NYC. 
Well it was disappointing! 
The 3 star review is solely based on the sandwich. The potato roll good, chicken was blah, lacked flavor and was dry and hard to chew. 
Device was 5/5. And I am sure their donuts are really good and I have tried them at the center city location, in fact I have even tried the fried chicken with Za'atar seasoning and it is delicious. But the sandwich can be avoided. 
Try hatch & coop for better chicken sandwiches!I am a returning customer of federal donuts, however this was my first time visiting the south street location! The chicken sandwich was delicious as per usual and the staff was very welcoming and friendly. We were greeted at the counter by a smiling girl named Monica who was very helpful in explaining the "fancy" donut flavors, she had convinced me to try the blood orange caramel and I was not disappointed. We will definitely be back!Federal Donuts was absolutely delicious! My friend and I split the Cereal Glaze Donut and the Blueberry Muffin Donut. Both were absolutely delicious! The staff could have been a bit friendlier, but the donuts were what I came for and I was exceptionally pleased. The style of donut was a cake donut, and I usually prefer yeast raised donuts, but they were still so good! I went to the South Street location, but there are other locations available, including inside Whole Foods and Citizens Bank Park! I will definitely be back and I hope Cereal Glaze stays on the menu for a long while!Greaaaaat. The donuts are a perfect balance of warm, dense, and light. 
Staff was super friendly and knowledgeable (regarding any dietary restrictions)
Service was fast (obvi) 
The display was well organized 
Very clean facilitySurprisingly good doughnuts! I am a big donut fan and I opted to try the hot fresh donuts because the fancy doughnuts looked really rich. I got the cinnamon brown sugar and the strawberry lavender. Even though the doughnuts look plain, they taste amazing. They were the perfect temperature when they arrived (very warm but not burn your mouth hot). The doughnuts were light and fluffy, like a fluffy piece of cake. These doughnuts are perfect even after a big meal as a dessert or an afternoon snack. 
I also got a cold brew coffee which was the perfect accompaniment for a hot day!
The fancy donuts here cost a dollar more than the regular. I plan to try those next time I am in the area. They look amazing!Who doesn't love a good doughnut? I know I do... Especially when they are fresh. I mean, made in front of you fresh. I'm a huge fan of Krispy Kreme and how their donuts come out hot and fresh right off the production line. So on my recent trip to Philly, when I heard about Federal Donuts, I had to give them a try.
Very interesting flavors are available to you. You can get a Cinnamon brown sugar, Strawberry lavender, or Cookies and cream.
Of the 3, I think my favorite was the cinnamon brown sugar. I guess I just love the churro type of combination.
I give Federal Donuts a solid 4 out of 5 stars because I enjoyed the donuts and like the coffee shop kinda vibe. Interestingly, they are also known for their fried chicken sandwiches. It's a great place to try a number of different things.Welcome to South Street Fednuts! The place is decked out! 
The overall decor has a retro feel that seems to really match the vibe of South Street, from the front to the interiors ant the personalities of the employees. With plenty of seating this place is ready for a crowd. 
Came here for opening for the $1 donut and got the pumpkin maple pecan, which was delightfully rich by the way, just like these babies are supposed to be. Although no picture, the chocolate old fashion is a hot seller and made its way straight into my mouth, no apologies. The caramel latte and apple cinnamon are also a lovely addition to the fall lineup.
Already dreading the waist line issues, this place is a little too close for comfort. I'll be back for the chicken.The place and the donuts, especially the Strawberry Lavender donut, were wonderful. The only downside is the price of the donuts. It's bit is on the pricey side. We paid $15 for half dozen donuts. I wish the cashier told us that one of the donuts we chose is more expensive than the rest so the total price will increase. In addition, listing the ingredients in each donut will be wise just in case if a person has any food allergy.Great donuts of all varieties! Cream cheese and jam is the best. Plus they have legit Vietnamese coffee which I love. It's a philly staple for a reason.Delicious donut , taste fresh , not overly sweet,
They have few different locations , too bad I went too early they didn't have chicken ready , supposedly have good fried chicken sandwich . 
Will go back to try more varietiesDon't be angry that you're serving hot donuts on a cold rainy day; isn't that what Autumn is about? Came in at 7:30 on a weekend in the rain, only to be asked to stand outside in the rain with my tiny cocker spaniel companion. May not be a "service" dog but definitely has more manners, service and empathy than this crew. We were the basically the first customers of the morning. Too much hostility for South Street vibes. No hello, thank you, or excuse me when carrying a rug over my head and felt like they just wanted me to get out of the way. I know they just opened but it already seems they need people skills training. The best federal donuts location is the original.These donuts were SO fresh and delicious! Cakes style donuts with very interesting flavors. We ordered lavender strawberry, maple brown sugar and cooKies and cream (the three classic flavors), which were all really good. My favorite was the lavender strawberry one. Other than that, the chicken looked fresh and tasty, but we didn't try it. The place has a decent amount of se eating space.Donuts always tasty and fresh and they had a buy one get one free which always a plusThis place is set up to scam you, and on top of that the donuts are filled with mold.
I came in two days ago with my 15 y/o niece and their friend.
We were going to get one donut each, which according to the menu would cost $1.75 each, or about $6. But the menu said a half dozen would only be $9, so I figured why not get a half dozen and take the rest home.
We picked out six donuts from the six varieties on display. The counter person pulled them out, put them in a box, and then said it would be $15.
It turns out that there are "hot fresh" donuts and "fancy donuts", and the only ones they had on display were "fancy". There is NO signage to differentiate between the two, at all. They are not listed on the menu on the wall in categories according to type.
I was pretty perturbed, and as god is my witness, the clerk himself even said that he felt like the owners did this ON PURPOSE to trick people into paying more than they had intended!!!!!
Because they had already boxed them up and I was standing there with two teenagers and didn't want to look like an asshole, I paid $6 more than intended (and $9 more than originally intended). We sat down and ate one donut each.
Then when we got home many hours later, we went to eat the two carrot cake donuts we had bought, and THEY WERE FILLED WITH MOLD INSIDE.
The only way I can fathom this is even possible is that they were donuts from AT LEAST the day before, being passed off as fresh baked that day.
But I honestly find the disgusting, deceptive business practices - which an employee acknowledged are *intentional* - far worse than the moldy donuts.
They should be ashamed.Wanted dessert before dinner so stopped into this gem. Plenty of seating with its retro decor. Staff was okay, looked like they were just dragging their day..maybe because it was Sunday evening? Who knows. I wish they had more of a selection, only 5 flavors and out of 5 i ate 4. 
The eggnog was by far my favorite (i don't even like eggnog). Second was sugar Plum, had an aftertaste of blueberry/raspberry it was really good. Third was frosty the donut which probably needed a little more coconut. Least favorite was the fruit cake, i hoped for it to be sweeter but overall they were all good. 
Would definitely come back to try their chicken and lattesReally disappointed in this location. The one in whole foods, which is a small stand, is 10x better then this big retail location. I pre-ordered to have my donuts ready by a certain time for a work event. I normally buy from the whole foods spot but this location is closer to my office so I figured let me try this for the convenience. Well, when I got there my box of donuts were sitting there with the lid up. I thought maybe they were just cooling off a bit but when I opened the box back at my office which was a 3 min walk, the donuts were cold and almost tasted like they were a day old. I've never had that experience at whole foods...always fresh and hot right out of the oven. They even taste so much better. This store was a total let down. Never again!!We walked into an empty store.  We requested a specific amount of donuts in a specific assortment very clearly.  About 30 minutes later we received the incorrect order.  They later told us they only start making the honey glazed donuts we specifically requested beginning at 11 am.  Not a good experience.Great atmosphere and very nice staff! Tasty donuts and gave us double of our order! 10/10 would recommend! Love it!Favorite donuts in the city, now with an even more convenient location. The fancy donuts are always great, but my favorite are the hot n' fresh. And the fried chicken is always amazing!I love me some federal donuts, and it was my first time at this specific location. Although I can never complain about the actual donuts themselves (bc they are amazing), I would have to request that there be some oversight on employee presentation. The cashier was wearing a black hoodie and beanie that was COVERED in cat or dog fur. Every step she took I could see some dander falling off. As someone who is allergic to animal dander, it was a bit unappetizing to  find some of that animal dander in my hot fresh donut box!I've recently been on a doughnut quest. Habit Doughnut Dispensary in Denver, CO. Diablo Doughnuts in Baltimore, MD. Yeast or cake? Doesn't matter as long as it's delicious... Stopped in and grabbed a Fishman (lavender and raspberry) to eat later. The doughnut didn't make it home. Absolutely delicious. Definitely in my top 3.The hot donuts are always delicious.
The chicken sandwich hits the spot.
GET BOTH and you will not be disappointed.Went here on a day trip to Philly. Not only are the donuts amazing (highly recommend the Strawberry Lavender), but Anthony is awesome! He was so sweet and hospitable and gave us the best recommendations. Would 100% go back here!!! Love spots with great donuts and even greater people who work there. :)Stopped by this place during a short trip to Philadelphia.  The donuts are very good; the texture is well done and the flavors are unique and pronounced.  We got peanut butter chocolate crunch, hot Mexican chocolate, and cream cheese and jam.  Also got hot coffees and a cold brew.  The hot coffee wasn't strong or tasty, however, the cold brew was excellent.Was really looking forward to this shop.  The Doughnuts tasted "off".  We were there at 7:30, so we thought everything would be fresh, guess not.  The shop was a bit dirty, I grew up in the Philadelphia/ New Jersey area so I expected better.When this place first started getting popular many years back it was because the chicken was amazing and you got really good portions for the price. Of course amazing donuts as well but that part has remained somewhat consistent since they are still super delicious and continue to offer wonderfully unique flavors. However the big disappointment is the chicken since not only has the taste and overall quality diminished but to my shock you know only get two pieces for the same price you got 4 all those years ago. But don't fret, you can pay a few more dollars for a tiny third piece so then you'll have paid more money than originally and still 1/4 less(and less tasty)chicken. I guess if you didn't know or remember how this place used to be it wouldn't be so disappointing but I do and often happily took long drives and waited in long lines just to get some.
I don't think its any coincidence that as Federal grew even more in popularity and opened more locations(including the sports stadium) the quality diminished along with the portions since the focus of the franchise shifted to making a profit and away from providing a great product at a reasonable price. 
I think someone else should open a similar type store that only really offers chicken and donuts, but obviously better everything. It really is a great one stop "meal and dessert" restaurant idea.My first time trying a Federal Donuts! 
The donuts were very tasty and very yummy. Top notch credit for that. The Cafe Latte Donut was my favorite. I also tried the Oreo, peanut butter chocolate, and maple pecan. My wife's favorite was the maple pecan and she said she normally doesn't like nuts on her doNUTS (do the nuts!). 
I give 4 stars because the selection of donuts was 6. Only 6 kinds of donuts!? And the woman working there seemed new and wasn't as helpful as I would've liked given I told her it was my first time at a Federal Donuts. She seemed college age, first job kind of deal. Oh well, not a huge concern, I had just hoped for a better welcome and introduction to a Philly treasure! 
For comparison, the Salty Donut is my favorite far and away (Miami) and Voodoo Donuts (Eugene) is my second favorite. They are unique, have big ol' donuts, and are so so good. Federal Donuts will probably be #3 -- and I've been told this is a new location and that it's not the flagship store. I may have to try the original shop.
Other: There wasn't a line so I got served quickly, 5 stars for that. Plenty of seating inside and not crowded. Fresh and new inside but was dirty from previously served patrons.
Overall it was very good but for all the hype it's hard for me to give it a 5 stars, especially when compared to other donut shops. I will still come back and I don't think anyone could be truly disappointed... the donuts are v v good.I stopped by Federal Donuts on my way home around 5 on a weekday and they were sold out on a majority of the flavors except 4. I asked the cashier what he recommended and he told me the cinnamon bun one was good. I took my first bite and the donut itself was overly sweet. I was not blown away, but I will be back to try a different flavor.To believe the hype or not is the question.
Well first off I have been to four federal donuts locations and it is definitely an experience to behold when entering Federal Donuts. The two piece chicken comes with a drumstick, a thigh, and a delicious fried federal donut. You get to choose the sauce for the chicken and my last visit I got the sweet soy garlic sauce which was fantastic. The most popular sauce is the buttermilk ranch. But I am getting ahead of myself : you can choose a sauce from the dry seasoning options or wet glaze options. May take you a few minutes to decide as they are all stellar options.
One of my criticisms would be you do not get much chicken for a two piece at a cost of $7.50 but I guess you have to factor in the experience of Federal Donuts? The 10 piece wings are $20. (Don't know about you but that is by far the most costly wing meal I have seen) I have had the Fried Chicken Sandwich as well which is served on a tasty potato bun. You really can't go wrong with any of these options but most bang for your buck imo with the Fried Chicken Sandwich.
The donuts are breathtaking. I have attached a picture of the ones they have cooked up and they routinely switch out the flavors. I do not like to comment on customer service in my reviews as I am giving fellow yelpers insights to the quality of the food and the experience mainly however the girl behind the counter was absolutely miserable. The guy took over my order as I had questions and he was very nice and went into detail about the sauces I had questions on. 
I would not run back to Federal Donuts but it is a fairly quick option and does feel like you are experiencing a true foodie experience.I love federal donuts chicken sandwiches and donuts and often go to the Sansom street location. I was so excited when I found out this south street location opened because it's closer to me. The donuts were great - as usual. However,  the customer service wasn't so nice. I came in on a Wednesday afternoon around 1:30 PM and my eyes were still adjusting from the sun so I took a few seconds to look at the display case and menu. The woman behind the counter with a bit of piercings on her face seemed annoyed by this, and even though I wanted to order a chicken sandwich I was discouraged by her attitude and ordered a donut and coffee instead. Even though it was a pretty simple order she still seemed sort of p*ssed off for some reason. Even went as far as handing me my coffee by slamming/dropping it down on the counter with a hard thud. Not sure what I did to her or who peed in her cheerios but you know it's bad when the customers sitting by the counter nearby notice and give side eyes and shake their head.I knew I had to grab a Federal Donut while out in Philly. I had been checking out their IG and was really interested in a the fun creative flavors they were coming up with! Parking in the area on a Saturday afternoon was definitely a b*tch, not their fault. Just mentioning for anyone else trying to go.  We got to try three of their fancy donuts; cream cheese jam, rose lemonade, and cinnamon bun.  The flavors were definitely interesting and I liked the cute space. I want to come back and try it with the fried chicken!Federal donuts are the best in the city. I love the variety and texture. I won't ever choose to eat a doughnut but I will walk there for one. Always clean and friendly. Wish they served iced coffee in a large. Quick service. Chicken is bangin. I'll be back for sure.Stopped in here for a snack. Only tried two donuts, I got the mocha chocolate and my boyfriend got the lemon bar cheesecake. They were both really tasty, good cakes consistency, seemed fresh, and not overly sweet.There is not enough I can say about Federal Donuts.  These donuts are the Bees Nees!  In the past, I attend weekly events and as a thank you, I normally would arrive with Dunkin Donuts.  However, one day, I wanted to switch things up.  With that, I found Federal Donuts are a likely change.  My guests couldn't be happier.  These treats are twice the price as Dunkin, but will worth the cost.  It's been three weeks and my guests are still raving about it.I'm a sucker for any kind of sweets so when I found out about this place, I HAD TO TRY! And I was not disappointed! 
Stopped by after brunch in a Sunday afternoon and the shop was pretty empty as I was able to walk straight to the counter and case of donuts. I think the cashier could tell it was my first time because I was staring at the case of donuts for so long lol.
In the case, was their more creative flavors like "cereal milk" and "cinnamon bun."
After talking to the cashier, she also told me that there was a cook to order menu that consisted of 3 flavors. 
I ended up the 3 cook to order flavors *strawberry lavender, cookies and cream, & cinnamon* and I also got a cereal milk donut. 
All were amazing but the strawberry lavender is AMAZING!  and because they were warm, the donuts seemed to just melt in your mouth. I love itI was eager to try out this place after seeing so many reviews online but needless to say I was a little disappointed. The donut selection was a little scarce and did not look fresh. I got the cereal milk donut from the case and a made to order strawberry lavender. The donuts were good. I also ordered the buttermilk ranch chicken and I was not amazed by it. There wasnt a distinct ranch taste and the chicken itself was very salty.In Philadelphia for the South Street Festival and stopped in here at Federal Donuts. I don't like to eat donuts much, but I figured "hey it's a  food festival so why not. They also have wings which were pretty decent too. So if you're on South Street or anywhere you see a Federal Donuts stop in.Went in to federal donuts because I heard about it on ig .... I walked in a young black gentleman greeted me and took my order ... the Caucasian woman with reddish / brownish hair young  at the register was rude when I was paying she asked me "what's your name " for  I said Oh Hi ... very bad customer service from her ... will probably not go back again or recommend... donut was just okNot what I expected. The flavoring is in the frosting not the actual donut. I had cookies and cream and was thinking I'd get a chocolate donut with some sort of cream frosting, but I got a plain doughnut with black and white sprinkles that I suppose were some sort of cookie and cream mix. Didn't look at the donuts beforehand just the menuThe Strawberry doughnut that I had was delicious and the chicken is even tasty. So why did they get a 3 instead of 5? I specifically asked for a breast because I was making a purchase for my mom and she doesn't eat dark meat. I was told that they had a 3 piece that came with a breast, thigh and leg. This was fine because I have no problem eating a led and thigh. I get home and open the box to find...check the picture 
Update: Although the breast isn't what I was expecting it wasn't as much of a disappointment as I thought it would be. It was mostly meat and very little bone. Also, I tried it with the honey ginger sauce and it was tasty  so I added a starTook me 4 years but just got to try federal donuts and I know why everyone has been telling me to go! Their fried chicken was perfect. The chicken was moist and it was crispy. I had the chili garlic which was very tasty. The honey donut that comes with it is flavorful even without a glaze. I also tried the fries which were good but on the expensive side for the portion size. I'll ddf be going backOn a lovely brisk morning we followed our cold noses into the warm south street location and warmed our heart and soul with DELICIOUS hot cinnamon brown sugar donuts. YUMFirst off, good donut and very friendly staff. But the donuts have gotten so small and expensive, not worth it. They need to lower the price or increase the donut size and that will increase their business volume.I love the grapefruit donut it combines different flavors not merely like sweet sweet. Breakfast sandwich the buns were soft.Federal Donuts is taking orders during the coronavirus for pickup or delivery. I ordered a chicken sandwich to pick up last weekend.
When I arrived there, someone was outside and ready to take my name to bring out my order. A minute later, I was already on my way home. They were friendly and fast!
No surprise here, but the chicken sandwich was absolutely delicious! For $8.50, you definitely get your money's worth. Everything was still hot and fresh, and the chicken was super crispy (and the meat was juicy on the inside). This was definitely a nice quarantine treat!
The only bummer is they are not selling donuts singularly right now!I give this place 4 stars for the dry seasoning chicken and the honey donut that comes with it. I really don't like it when my chicken is hard to eat because it is so saucy, so I really appreciate that FedNuts has both dry and wet seasonings to choose between. The chicken sometimes can be on the dry side, but I love it! That honey donut though is what keeps me coming back every time. I normally don't like cake donuts, but this one is my jam! It comes nice and hot, drizzled (almost soaked) with honey. It's such a good, solid donut, and when paired with fried chicken how can it be wrong?!Hands down one of my favorite donuts in the city. I've never had one I didn't like. Ever. 
The chicken is delicious also! The skin is super crispy and the meat is juicy. Whether you like sauce or a dry rub, there are options for everyone (buttermilk ranch is definitely one of my favorites). 
Highly suggest sharing so you can try more flavors whether it is a donut or chicken!Strawberry Lavender sugared donut was made fresh when I ordered it. Hot and sugary donut was delicious! The coffee cream soda sounded like it would be amazing but I did not enjoy it. But if you are looking for a fresh, made-to-order donut, this place is a great stop. They also make fried chicken, FYI.Good donut, I tried the strawberry lavender and it was a tasty, soft cake donut with sugar sprinkled all around. I couldn't really tell the flavor since it tasted like a normal sugar donut but at least it was a good cake donut texture.
Also tried the chicken sandwich, good big piece of chicken with some pickle slices inbetween the buns. However, nothing special about it. Stick to the donuts.Found this spot walking down the street. For some reason I took a picture of the bag and not the dang donuts lol.
Specialized donuts are made to order. I had the strawberry with lavendar sprinkles. It was very warm, soft and was good. Just way too much sprinkles for me! 
Seating is outside.I have been wanting to try this place out for a while (doughnut + fried chicken,.... pretty sure that's the best two foods all in one place) and finally decided to take a walk and get it for lunch during work (I work from home). I only got the doughnuts but plan on trying the chicken another day. The cashier was super nice to me and asked if it was my first time there. Then proceeded to explain what they offer etc. I appreciated it a lot. She told me they had hot doughnut options which I wouldn't have known without her help. I then discovered they have a strawberry lavender hot doughnut..... literally screaming. Can you name a better combo? I can't. So I immediately ordered that and a cinnamon brown sugar one. I was so pumped. They were ready in minutes. And to my surprise I found a third donut (that I was not charged for!) in my bag upon getting home. They gave me an Oreo hot doughnut too!!!! All 3 flavors. Only cost $3.50. They are delicious too. The strawberry lavender is a little over sugared but I just wiped some of the sugar off - easy. It is so so yummy. I've never had a better donut flavor! And I like that these are simple and not covered in heavy sauces or toppings. Very good quality. I can't thank the employees enough who decided to throw me a free one!!! The store was clean and there was no line which I love. Quick service. Good prices too... pretty sure the chicken sandwich is only $8. I've been to places that charge $10. Can't wait to come back and take friends and family here when they visit me.Donuts are amazing.  Overpriced though.  Came on a Sunday, no one in line in front of me.  Took twenty minutes to get a donut with five staff members.I sat here for 20 minutes or so enjoying a sugarplum doughnut (omg -do recommend!) and watched Lauren (I think the manager) and the girl at the register give exceptional customer service to guest after guest! I was very impressed with how genuine and kind and fast the staff was, and how they were great at managing expectations around wait times for fresh doughnuts, and went above and beyond a couple of times when needed! I've never had a bad experience at a Federal Doughnuts location, but this was by far the best I've had.Federal donuts has the best donuts in the city hands down. I go there all of the time for the delicious donuts. They have many varieties and are constantly changing. It's kind of hard to get bored here. I have never had anything I did not like. I am a repeat customer and will continue to come back for more.One of the best donuts I ever had! Warm, perfect texture, and literally melted in my mouth. I came close to closing on a Sunday, so the wait was not long at all. We had to wait outdoors (family of 5) to follow their COVID restrictions, but is rather be safe than sorry. I'm usually a cinnamon sugar girl, but the cookies and cream was my absolute favorite. I need to grab some more before I head back to Florida.Somehow everytime we come to the east coast, I always seem to go on a donut tour. 
We were staying with some friends who lived right by this Federal Donuts. We've heard a lot of good things and decided to stop by here to tide us over before a brunch reservation later on. We walked over here on a Sunday morning around 11:30 AM. It wasn't too crowded and there was only 2 people in front of us. The three of us decided to just get half a dozen of the hot and fresh donuts to share. Our friend has had the other speciality donuts before but highly recommended the hot and fresh ones as all donuts are better fresh out of the fryer.
The cashier was super friendly and chatted with our friend that lived there. When she learned that my fiance and I were getting married, she comped us the iced coffee we were getting. Super friendly and generous. The donuts took a little bit to get out, but they were made to order. When we got the box, it smelled amazing and was very warm. We walked back to our friend's place before digging in.
These donuts were everything. Warm, fresh, soft, and perfect. The strawberry lavendar was my favorite. You could clearly taste the two distinct flavors, and they melded perfectly together. The cinnamon sugar one was fantastic as well. I could eat half a dozen myself. 
I wish I could have tried their chicken sandwich, but that's just another reason to come back next time!I've never met a Federal Donuts location that I didn't like, and this one is no different. I finally tried the fried chicken sandwich, which was amazing, as well as the carrot cake, Strawberry Lavender sugar, Caramel key lime and Blood orange creamsicle doughnuts. The hot sugared doughnuts remain the best.Doesn't get a lot better than fried chicken and donuts! And Federal Donuts's popularity in Philly proves that. There are so many locations. And ordering online is easy. My favorites are the freshly baked cinnamon sugar and lavender donuts. So warm and tasty! As a special flavor, I enjoy the fruity pebbles one or the turtle one. They're not the cheapest donuts but not ridiculously expensive and totally worth it. The chicken sandwiches are great as well.Banana Nutella..OMG!! So moist. Taste like banana bread with icing. Went in to buy 1 then brought 2 more after a Taste while waiting at the register.The SADDEST chicken sandwich I've ever had...The entire thing is COLD and they charged $8 for it. No melting cheese, no hot and crispy chicken, no toasty buns. Tasted like a left over chicken sandwich...better off buying a chicken sandwich from Popeyes.If you've never given Federal Donuts a try, now is the time!!! 
My best friend is a fan and she is always feeding me their donuts and all their different flavors do not disappoint. My favorite is the cinnamon flavored donut, but I will happily enjoy any other flavor. Their donuts are always freshly baked and the staff is always nice. 
I have yet to try their fried chicken and their other food combos, but it is on my bucket list to try because everyone has given me great reviews about it. 
This location was nice and spacious. I sat outside and enjoyed the summer breeze, while everyone was walking outside in South St. 
If you visit, enjoy !!!I ordered a passion fruit donut and wow was it tasty. It was a cake donut and the icing was light enough and balanced by the tartness of the passion fruit that it didn't taste too sweet. I wish I hadn't been so full because I would have ordered several, they all looked amazing!
It's also a great place to grab one to go and walk around the neighborhood! The mosaic museum is close by and lots of great street art and murals to see while munching.I've heard a lot about federal donuts but never been. I tried the one on south street a few weeks back when a friend of mine from out of town was visiting. Really good donuts! They are not your typical donut either, more cakey and filling. I also love the variety of flavors they offer.Coffee, Donuts, Chicken.
What's not to love about the trio above? Just one thing - the devastation it will bring to your waistline!  But hey, winter is coming. :P
With a funky corner entrance with their signature color and logo, Federal Donuts - South Street (on 6th and South) brings the hot and fancy favorites to a lively part of the city (and they may stay open later for the South Street nightlife). 
I took advantage of their $1 donut special for opening day, and loved the Pumpkin Maple Pecan (just one per person, please - includes fancy donuts, but not the special Berries and Cream one that supports Mural Arts Month ... though they have a photo competition: Snap a photo of your Berries and Cream donut in front of a Mural Arts Mural, upload to instagram and tag #MuralArtsDonut for a chance to win a private donut making class with chef Matt Fein and other swag!). Though the Apple Cinnamon, Pineapple Brown Sugar, and Caramel Latte looked tempting too ... now I wish I got half a dozen ...
Welcome to South Street, FedNuts!First time trying their fried chicken and I love it!  I normally get the donut from social events (of course, pre COVID) but this is my first time trying their fresh-made donut and it's totally the best.I decided to order a dozen Hanukkah donuts for a gathering I was having. Went to the South Street store on Saturday the 4th December and asked the cashier if I could order a dozen of their Hanukkah Jelly donuts for the next day.  I was told it would be better if I just did this online. So I went home and got to Federal Donuts webpage where they were advertising their Hanukkah  jelly donuts.  I went to order a dozen and saw that they offered 15 donuts if you ordered online for 21.00.  Thought this was very reasonable since the store posted a dozen donuts for 25.00 dollars. However, when I went to order them I received a message that you could not order these donuts for the South Stree store. So the next morning I went over to South Street and requested a dozen of their Hanukkah donuts.   The sales person said no problem and I assumed I would not be offered their special online price but that a dozen would be 25.00 dollars.  To my surprise the salesperson said that will be 42.00. Needless to say I was surprised and asked why to which I was told the online price was for mini Haukkah donuts and since these were normal size donuts and they were made specially for the Jewish Holiday they were more per dozen than their normal jelly donuts.  I'm sorry but 42.00 dollars for a dozen Jelly donuts appears to be highway robbery to me. I don't recall any notice on their website about "mini" donuts.  Next time I need donuts they will come from Dunkin.  I bought the Federal Donuts because I needed them.  They were tasty but certainly not worth 42.00/dozen.  I saw nothing in the store that said anything about mini-donuts.   A real rip-off.Ate: OMG, so many fresh donuts.  And chicken.  The chilly garlic. So messy I think I used like 3 wet wipes and still smelled it on my hands hours later.
Drank: N/A
Liked: FRESH doughnuts! Where can you even get this anymore?
Disliked: Seating was weird if you wanted to share, but it's a minor gripe.
Chicken: Ohhhhh baby.  If you get the wet glazed flavors, be prepared with lots of napkins or wet wipes.  So spicy.
Would mom like it?: Uhh.. does a bear crap in the woods?
Would I go back: Yes!
Recommend: I didn't try any of the fancy doughnuts since I can't resist fresh ones, but they looked amazing.So worth it. Hot, fresh donuts every time. The perfect thing to grab on the way to a holiday partyI have lived a block from this place for almost two years and finally got around to trying it today to see what all the hype is about. Let me tell you, the donut lived up to my expectations. I got there around 3:45 and there were only three fancy donuts left in addition to their three regular donuts but no blueberry mascarpone, which is what I wanted to try the most. I went with the cinnamon brown sugar, fresh from the fryer, which is their standard donut. 
One word: delicious. This is how a donut should be, not the imitations you can get at Dunkin Donuts (even though I love their breakfast sandwiches). There was a good amount of cinnamon brown sugar covering the donut, and it was fried to perfection. I'm going to work my way through the menu, next up for my second visit will be the blueberry mascarpone, which may be tomorrow morning given how tasty this flavor was. 
Definitely get there as early as you can because the donuts go quick. I didn't try the fried chicken as I'm not a fan of it, so I'm not sure how it is but from what I hear it is equally as good.Do I always eat like this? No but when I want fried chicken and a donut this is where I go! The buttermilk friend chicken is amazing. It reminds me of cool ranch doritos! They also give you a honey donut to go with it... YUM! To be honest, I always go donut before chicken. Tourists, this is a go-to! :)Oh man... I could go for a Federal Donut right now.  This place is great... if you get there early enough to get the good donuts.  I particularly enjoy trying the different types of fancy donuts.  Don't be fooled though, these are not light and airy Dunkin Donuts or Krispy Kreme esque donuts, these are very dense and much more flavorful.   I still haven't tried the fried chicken, but it certainly looks and smells delicious.  
The shop itself is hidden on Sansom Street so the crowd is a bit more local than tourist during the week, but it certainly gets busy on the weekends.Alas, the chicken was dry.  And I was disappointed since I've been wanting to try it for awhile-- thinking that there must be some magic to this place that sells only fried chicken & donuts... AND is affiliated with Michael Solomonov my hero from Zahav.  The coating was crisp and tasty and hot from the fryer.  But fried chicken's no good if it's not juicy.  I ordered the small sampler box with 4 pieces and a honey glazed donut.  The donut was ... a donut.  No magic here:(Ok, LONG overdue review: My fiance's parents had invited us and a few friends over for dinner, and as dessert they picked up an assortment of the Federal Donuts' various donuts for all of us to sample together. They must have gone early because they were able to get the strawberry-fennel, mocha, double chocolate, maple bacon, spicy peanut butter jelly...I feel like there were other flavors, but I honestly can't remember because there were so many piled on that platter - waaaaay too much for us to even finish!
We kept cutting small chunks off of each donut as we chatted. My fiance had tried their donuts before and had told me that they were rich and cakey - too much so to be able to finish a whole donut. I didn't believe him until I tried them myself, and he's right (for once, ha!). I would feel sick not long after eating one. As for the flavors, they're pretty good...when I could taste them. The cakiness masks many of the flavors, especially the sugary ones like the strawberry (seriously, there was NO fennel flavor), but glazed flavors like the PBJ were more pronounced, although I did not find that one spicy, and I could barely get a taste of bacon on the other one, which is a travesty since bacon flavor overpowers almost everything!
Next up, I've gotta try the fried chicken - in all it's incarnations - but why is it so impossible to buy before it sells out?! I want fried chicken for dinner dammit. Not everyone can join the lunch rush *sigh*Yummy! Brought home some delicious chicken tonight - Federal BBQ and Chili Garlic.  Also grabbed 1/2 a dozen fancies. So delicious! And convenient right on my way home from work.  
Love this place.  From all the awesome food, to the nice staff, to the cool setup and vibe in there.  Not to mention the sweet and efficient checkout process.  Love signing my receipt on screen with my finger. (dork ;) 
I'd try anything from this place. And with rotating flavors, I won't have long to wait for the next new thing!I was in Philadelphia for a day trip, and this was on my list of places to visit as I was looking up places to go eat. We stopped by a few minutes after it had opened, and the owner was extremely nice. I ordered their coffee, the milk n' cookies donut and the strawberry lavender donut. The milk n' cookies donut was okay, but the strawberry lavender, oh my God! It was like heaven! It was freshly made, hot off the line. I bought myself a box to take home because they were THAT good. The atmosphere, ambiance, staff definitely made this place feel welcoming. The price for the donuts are definitely reasonable and affordable, coming from a NY'er. I would definitely visit again  when I'm in Philly!Shabazzi dry rub chicken is the bomb. Donuts, not sure if they live up to the hype. Chocolate and p&b donut was okay. Their donuts are really dense and a bit dry. Service is okay. Small place. Interesting one sweater tables. Better eat in than take out.These cake donuts were delicious! I love the creative flavors and how moist the donut was. We drove 3 hours for these donuts because we heard how good they were! They did not disappoint.I don't like donuts... But I LOVE federal donuts!  I was brought here a couple years ago and I had their "strawberry and lavender" donuts and OMG. Soo good. They make them right there and you get them fresh hot in the bag.  A very interesting flavor combo that just works for me. I've also had their "fancy" donuts and they are good too but I prefer the lighter, warm donuts. There is usually a small wait and there is very limiting seating. We usually get it to go and sit in the park. You need to try this place!I lucked out and this place was around the corner from my hotel. The staff is awesome and the donuts were soooo perfect. They were soft and just melted in my mouth. My fave was the s'mores and the chocolate. I took them back for the fam in NY, and they raved about them. The coffee is delish too!I happened to pass by Federal Donuts while taking a walk with my boyfriend one day. I must say it definitely exceeded my expectations and I can even say that these were probably the best donuts I have ever eaten. I have tried the cinnamon sugar, cookie's and cream and strawberry lavender flavors and they were all made fresh and tasted so fluffy and delicious. Definitely a must try if you are in area (Fair warning, these are addictive!)I am a fan of cake donuts so I was excited to hear of a place that specializes in them. The standard honey donut that comes with the chicken plates is great but most of their fancier donuts just try too hard without tasting any better than the simple original. The chicken is crispy and fresh but doesn't really stand on its own without the seasoning. The ranch is pretty good. Overall this is a Good place to eat but nothing too special.Had the chocolate sea salt donut this morning as well as the blackberry walnut.  Holy crap.  Best donuts I've ever had in my life.  Got there maybe 10 min after they opened, no line, donuts were still warm.  Unbelievable.  Can't wait to go back and try the fried chicken.Really wavering between 3 and 4 stars but I like the idea of it so much I went with 4. That being said the donuts are very dense and I couldn't eat more then one. Worth trying.I love donuts. And Federal Donuts makes some good donuts. 
While visiting Philly, I was browsing through lists of restaurants, cafes, and shops to try and narrow down what I could possibly visit in a 2-day window. I spotted Federal Donuts on several lists and immediately had it down as a must-try. 4 stars on Yelp and over 250 reviews? That's a good sign. 
Federal Donuts doesn't just make and sell donuts. They also have fried chicken. Donuts are $2 each, $12 for half a dozen, and $20 for a dozen. What a steal. I ordered a strawberry lavender donut. It was so hard not to order a dozen, but I resisted in the face of my my ever-growing stomach and appetite. I took the donut out and just walked around the streets of Philly in the bright early morning light. Eating that donut while walking was one of the best moments of my trip. A hot, delicious donut with subtle hints of lavender. The strawberry was more overpowering than the lavender, which I prefer anyways, but I loved the lavender undertones. 
What I like about Federal Donuts is that it is simple and unpretentious. Their menu offers three simple things: coffee, donuts, and fried chicken. The prices are cheap and the food is fresh. Simple and effective. The donut flavors are unique, from strawberry lavender to spicy PB&J to chocolate and sea salt. 
If you're ever in Philly, definitely make a trip to Federal Donuts.what a very cool combination. eaten together, donuts and fried chicken is a hit. separately i could easily gain 1000 pounds on the donuts, the chicken... not so much. seasoning is in the dry rub and the glazed. so when i ordered plain chicken i had no idea it would have ZERO flavor.
i know better next time.Their donuts are amazing!! I eat maybe half a donut per two years lol, however, when a coworker brought a box of these in, I couldn't resist because they looked amazing and smelled even better!!! I took a piece of just about every single one they had. I may be wrong but there was a red one (red velvet?), apple cinnamon flavored, I think pistachio?or some kind of nut on it lol. I was being such a fatty taking a bite in between clients that I didn't pay much attention, but I don't think you can go wrong with anything you get. This place is a great place for
Donut lovers (ahem)The wings are great!  I had the garlic chilli.  Wasn't too spicy for me but then I have a high tolerance.  Also I had the strawberry lavender doughnut  It was delicious. Not heavy, as most doughnuts tend to be.  The amount of lavender was just a touch and not overpowering.  I highly recommend it!REALLY GOOD at what it does. Chicken and donuts. They were out of the wings so we got a half chicken, and it actually was a perfect portion size for a snack for me + bf. We got a free plain donut with our meal and it was delish, actually my favorite between it and a chai spice one.mmmmm, there is nothing better than a fresh hot donut.  if you havent had one, then what are you waiting for? go to federal donuts and get your breakfast on! 
friends and i ordered 6 of the special flavors - all of which were Deeeeeelicious!  they were very rich though, so we tried splitting each one so we could try them all but couldnt do it, they were just too sweet.  we also got a bag of the hot fresh donuts, which they make all day. the special flavors are made in the morning, get them before they sell out! 
i love this place and will definitely be back.  wish there was one closer to my house, but i am sure my waistline is thanking me.The coffee here was just okay, however, the doughnuts were delicious and the chicken sandwich was the best I've ever had.Summary: Get your hot fresh cake donuts here! Dusted with 3 different sugars these babies are melt in your mouth.
Came here around noon on a Saturday and their small walk in shop is filled with people ordering their donuts and chicken.
Got a half dozen of each type of fresh donut. Pretty reasonable price for the donuts and about a 10 min wait for them to come out. They have cute seating across from the counter so you can watch the buzz while you wait.
The hot fresh donuts are exactly that HOT & FRESH. The base of the donut was light and melt in your mouth. My favorite was the strawberry lavender powdered one. The berry and floral flavor really came through and was a great balance. The cookies and cream (pictured below) one was good but honestly if you hadn't told me the flavor I couldn't pick it out. The cinnamon sugar donut is pretty standard and what you'd expect.
Popular spot and if you're craving some warm donuts come be check it out!Federal Donuts is a Philly staple, and true to its name, the donuts are the focus. They're excellent, especially the "fancy" donuts. However, seating is extremely awkward (hipster stools and school desks seem designed to rush patrons through their food and out as soon as possible). Also, I can say definitively that the "cold press" coffee was the worst coffee I've had in my life: it came from a pitcher that had clearly sat in the refrigerator overnight, and must not have even been stirred before serving, because it was a severely bitter, rancid-tasting mess (despite loading up on sugar and cream). I love coffee, but it was gross.Considering how great they can be individually, I'm not sure why chicken and waffles doesn't blow me away.  Perhaps I just haven't found a place that can do both well, but maybe my taste buds just prefer them separated (BTW, that Lay's chips version is kind of disgusting...).  Fried chicken and donuts though?  Now THAT is a combination I COULD get on board with!
At a glance, Federal Donut's menu looks rather modest (fried chicken and donuts), but it actually has a bit of variety - roughly ten flavors of donuts and six flavors of chicken that can be served naked, glazed, or seasoned.  Since we were also grabbibg take out from Shake Shack nearby, my friends and I opted just to split some wings to bring back (you can also get whole and half chicken orders).
-- SHABAZZI WINGS...$9 for a half dozen / $17 for a dozen
(http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/federal-donuts-philadelphia-3?select=6ZCu8v6myoVCIJGl7m-s6w#oKNzAHeL_oO4MQAkOvn_NQ)
The cashier recommended this one and I'm so glad she did.  Of the two we tried, this one was by far better and it wasn't even close.  The skin was crispy, the meat was juicy, and the seasoning added a great complimentary flavor.  So good!
-- HONEY GINGER WINGS...$9 for a half dozen / $17 for a dozen
(http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/federal-donuts-philadelphia-3?select=6ZCu8v6myoVCIJGl7m-s6w#wZRNA3Gxdn5ceNY1-j2Kwg)
My first bite was fine, but it went downhill after that.  The meat was also pretty juicy, but the glaze made the skin a bit soggy and was overpoweringly sweet.  
Now, why was "could" in caps earlier?  Well, that's where this review takes a sad, sad turn.  Even though each order of chicken came with a honey donut, and despite the fact I also ordered a Boston Crme donut ($2) specifically for my train ride from Philly to NY, I didn't actually try any of the donuts (too full initially and then I forgot to take it with me later on).  Fail, I know, especially considering I still took a picture of it too (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/federal-donuts-philadelphia-3?select=6ZCu8v6myoVCIJGl7m-s6w#vvPfxWuCXKhXOw4BMJGb1w).
Since I can't say how the donuts are, my three stars are based purely on the chicken - four for the Shabazzi and two for the Honey Ginger.  However, I will gladly come back to get more of the Shabazzi chicken, to finally try the donuts, and to potentially up this to four stars.  Potentially.I'm sort of confused by the fuss with Federal Donuts.  I tried several different "fancy" donuts, and they seemed quite greasy and just not 'amazing.'  They weren't bad... but I didn't find them to be irresistible or even significantly tempting.  I bought a half dozen, and it was something like $13 or $14 dollars, which was pretty steep for something that isn't wonderful.
I haven't tried their chicken.Not my cup of tea. Not saying they are bad. They're just OK. Probably just personal preference, but i like my donuts light and fluffy. Not rich and heavy. These are very cake like. Furthermore the price is ridiculous.  A dozen donuts was $30! That's insane.I recently discovered the chicken sandwich at fednuts and I am actually obsessed. Lucky for me there's a location right by my apartment in center city and another by my campus at Penn. Great pickle to chicken ratio, the crunchy thick white meat chicken is dusted with a ranch seasoning that's amazing, the sauce is so savory with just a lil kick, and the cheese slightly melted into the soft roll is amazing. Definitely a go to for me for sureFederal Donuts
PA: Philadelphia: 
6pm Friday 23rd October 2015
Four Stars
Nothing can really beat a freshly fried Donuts served warm. 
I missed that they have a fried chicken sandwich ($6.75) with American cheese, Sriracha, dill pickle, potato roll which sounded amazing. 
Instead I had a half order of chicken with Ranch Dry Rub ($11) and a warm vanilla spice ($1.5).  It took a about 7 minutes to get my food. The chicken was only average. The spice was unnecessary. The skin was ultra crispy but fell off after a single bite. The meat was was tender but not very moist. The pieces were cut well so that the majority of the meat was accessible without hitting any bones. The room temperature plain donut compliment the fried chicken. 
You have to try their donuts.  The golden outside with the warm crumble cake inside satiates your belly with spice and everything nice. The sugar coating on the vanilla was not overly sweet.I want to live here. I want to wake up every morning, have every donut available, eat every fried chicken for lunch, and eat both again for dinner. But, we don't live in a perfect world.This one of the places I always go to when visiting Philly. I always get the hot fresh donut and the crispy chicken donut. The donut is so soft and hot. It's made when you order it. Chicken sandwich was juicy and the skin was so crispy. Very similar to the texture of Korean fried chicken wings.After walking by this place sooo many times and seeing that the fancy donuts were all gone, I finally managed to get my hands on them!  I could never try every single fancy donut in one shot, so I choose 2.  I immediately selected the French Toast Donut, and asked the friendly girl behind the counter for her favorite (Milk Chocolate-Peanut Butter).  Once out the door with both donuts, I internally screamed YES!  I finally got them!  I tried the French Toast first.  What a fantastic donut!  It's french toast but in a  cake donut form that's easy to eat on the go!  I couldn't have asked for a better "fast" food breakfast!  I saved the Milk Chocolate-Peanut Butter to go with lunch.  Delicious!  But better to share than to have all at once. Ugggg.  Sooo much donut after eating lunch!  I suggest to the next person, to get fancy donuts and share with your friends.  If you get a sample versus the entire donut, you'll be satisfied.  Otherwise, prepare yourself to have a donut as your meal.  As far as the chicken goes....I'll have to wait to try some.I am typically not a sweets seeker, but knowing this was Chef Solomonov's place, I had to. My first time was a simple cinnamon sugar raised donut, piping hot from the fryer. Today, I couldn't resist and got a box of six. The milk and coffee donut was out of this world and the lemon meringue, so good!! And the rest? All were like small bites of plated desserts w real ingredients (toasted nuts, dark chocolate, etc) and not a rainbow sprinkle or pastel frosting in sight!First time visiting Federal Donuts this afternoon. The line was long which automatically signaled this was going to be gooooood! Despite the length, the service was extremely fast and the staff were so sweet and friendly. We got to Federal Donuts around 4:30PM and most of the the donuts they make that morning were done. However, we were able to order hot donuts! I ordered a strawberry lavender, cookie and creme, and cinnamon sugar. They were all deliciousss! I ate all three in less than 5 minutes. I HIGHLY recommend making a pitstop if you visit Philly!Oh my god, wow. I am almost speechless at how good the fried chicken is. The guy behind the counter recommended the shabazzi rub, and I am in love. The chicken was super crispy, not too greasy, and perfectly complemented by the spicy and cilantro-y shabazzi. The honey donut is amazing and probably the best donut I've ever had.. I also had a cinnamon sugar donut - awesome. 
I haven't tried any of the fancy donuts but may try to make it there early one day. I hear they sell out lightning fast.Solid donuts! Although it is a donut shop, they are actually famous for their CHICKEN! Try the chicken people. It's inspired by Korean fried chicken and it is superbly done.Love it!! Clearly not the healthiest option out there, but it's great for those treat yourself days. Both the fried chicken and the donuts are great.Absolutely the best donut I've ever had in my life. Highly recommend the glazed old fashioned.  Went back later in the day for a 1/2 chicken chili glaze flavor and it was excellent. Added bonus it comes with another donut, not such a bonus I feel like a total fat ass today.  Alas, back on the wagon tomorrow.Mmmmm donuts. When you haven't had doughnuts or sweets in general for five months you can imagine how excited I was to try one of Federal Donuts. Not to forget the excitement of wanting to try their fried chicken.
Let's just say the long walk we took was worth every rewarded bite of that Strawberry Lavender donut. I'll just say it again... Mmmmmmm donuts. I also tried a piece of the Cookies and Cream and Cinnamon Brown Sugar. They were definitely not your average donuts and I enjoyed how they didn't taste too sweet. To my surprise my sugar level was actually lower the day after lol.
The fried chicken were nice and crunchy although I enjoyed the boyfriend's order of Za'atar better than my Buttermilk Ranch. I felt like the buttermilk ranch was too salty so I basically ate my way around the seasoning by just eating the meat on the inside and not eating the skin, which I shouldn't be eating anyway lol. Needless to say the donuts are yum!The donuts were so oily they were practically inedible and kinda gross. Definitely a bummer. I always look forward to grabbing some FedNuts when I'm in Philly but will have to think twice from now on.It's a early rainy wet morning but I still walked the block from my hotel to Federal Donuts with my heart set on Korean chicken and donuts. Sad to discover they only start serving chicken at 11am. But life goes on. I enjoyed the regular Strawberry Lavender very much. The special Strawberry Cheesecake wasn't that special. I didn't think it was worth the extra $1 over a regular donut. I will return to try the chicken next visit to Philly.So, Federal Donuts doesn't quite need more reviews touting its accolades at this point. Any Philadelphia native who hasn't been living under a rock is well aware of their fantastic (and unique) gourmet donuts and chicken... but... I'll do a review anyways.
This is one of Federal Donuts' few locations in the Philadelphia area, and is certainly on par with its sister locations, scattered about the city. The location is nestled in the middle of center city, with easy access to the subway lines at 15th Street station.
The donuts are the star, as usual, although my favorite flavor (Sticky Bun) was not there at this location. I'm not sure if that's because it's a seasonal thing or if it's due to the slightly differing menus at the locations, but either way, their offering wasn't bad either. The milk chocolate sea-salt at this location was by and far my favorite, although the other flavors, including pumpkin spice, blackberry-anise, and crumberry were all quite good as well. A full menu can be found on their website (http://www.federaldonuts.com/FederalDonutsSansomMenu.pdf).
The chicken flavors are wide and varied as well, with the chili-garlic and honey-ginger glazes being the standouts on that side.
The service was good, and wait times are not crazy, so long as you're not showing up during the breakfast or lunch rushes. Since I had to wait a few minutes extra for my order (they had run out of some ingredients and needed to re-stock), they also threw in a few extra hot donuts. A very nice touch!
Pro tip: definitely try to avoid the rush hours, and note that you can always ask for the glazes on the side, in case you don't want your stuff to get soggy on the trek home.Michael Solomonov can do no wrong. Been to Zahav a bunch of times, but finally got to grab some donuts from FD. Unfortunately I arrived late and all the special donuts were sold out. I got a half dozen of the regular donuts with various toppings. They were great! Some of the best I've ever had...cooked to order and so light and airy! I want to try his chicken on the next visit.good donuts - below average service - poor systems in place - poor communication of how it works - would be a great lil discovery if it was a nobody who opened it - but i expect more from a restaurateur - it also looked disorgnized - and nobody was visibly in charge - make it clear that no chicken is availble til 11 on website too - we were not the only ones who were told this - actually, we were told " you gotta wait for 2 hours for chicken " - although this was technically true - what a way to communicate to your guest and leave room for misunderstanding at the same time - the gentleman added - i think it's on our twitter page - well, im not a twat - so i didnt get the message
i my be back - but probably not get out of my way to revisit
it's a sign of the level of service available to consumers when this get's a 3star revies - but yeah - there actually is much worse out there - a true shame - i really really wanted to love this joint!!Ok you first its hard to find really great stuff (example = diamonds) -- yep this place is like a diamond to me...and its not in the rough either its a polished diamond. 
Ok, you find the place on Samson and you walk in and immediately "Jen" says "What do want" in this tone that can only be described as authoritative, knowledgeable and in total control as you witness what looks like chaos. 
Its like being in Russia during those time when nobody had a loaf of bread..... everyone is eager and tense to get there order...but not saying a peep.
Don't be fooled though, take a breath and get the chicken sandwich, she hands you a piece of paper with your name on it....as you take a taste of one of their great donuts that they sample on the counter.
SIMPLE -- FRIED CHICKEN and DONUTS....
You then wait ---salivating for your name to be called !!! If you are really lucky you might get a seat there and actually eat your meal while you watch and feel the magic. 
THIS PLACE IS A PHILLY GO TO....IF YOU ARE CLOSE GET LUNCH THERE !!!
IT MAY HAUNT YOU FOREVER....and symphony of great food, excellent service and just the right amount of weirdness and funk to make you wanna write about like this.
You have to appreciate the genius of this...it did not just happen, they GET IT !!!This place is majorly overrated. Their donuts, while good, certainly don't beat the ones at Beiler's. The non-traditional flavors are cool, although sometimes it feels like they make them just for the sake of being different. It comes down to "would I rather have an interesting flavor okay donut" or "would I rather have 3 awesome blueberry fritters"...and that's not particularly close.
We also recently tried their Korean fried chicken and it was.....disappointing. The reviewers that claim this is the best fried chicken ever have never had real Korean fried chicken methinks :/The donuts were warm, fresh and tasty, but the chicken was the best part. It was moist and crispy. Would definitely come back. The chicken comes with a donut, just in case you did what I did and ended up with multiple donuts. 
Seating is somewhat awkward -- school house desks that face the kitchen.Definitely worth the trip to get these Federal Donuts. We stayed at a hotel by the Reading Terminal and had the Beiler's Donuts. Between the 2, we enjoyed the Federal Donuts more!Oh my MF goodness. This place, this place is a fat girls dream or a great cheat day. Know if your going for your "cheat day" (CURB) yourself. DO NOT over indulge-it's tempting ! They're the devil-on your shoulder, saying try one more /Donuts and wings...DONUTS AND WINGS! Do I need to say anymore? Probably not, but I will. The chicken is available in multiple flavours; and two categories, dry sprinkles and glossy glazes. My favourites are the ranch dry rub and the fresh hot sugared donuts. I personally don't really like the "fancy" donuts but don't let that deter you from the chicken!When my coworkers were discussing where to grab a quick lunch and someone mentioned "Federal Donuts" I thought it was a joke. Well, jokes on me because it seems I'm the only person who didn't know that Fed Donuts also has delicious fried chicken! I have always known fed donuts for their namesake (finding a box of fresh donuts at an event). However, my doubts were erased immediately upon buying into my fried chicken sandwich: great, crunchy breading, juicy chicken, large pickle slices, and a sauce with just a little kick. Fed Donuts can do 2 very different things very well!Great little place! Staff are super friendly and knowledgeable. Make sure to grab a seat at the window for an extra fun experience! Got some donuts to go too, they all looked so good!! But make sure you get there early  once the chicken runs out you'll have to wait until the next day to get more.I had coconut donut with coffee , I like it so far they are really busy too and everyone seem like love this place ' one of my friend told me about this place I was looking on Google map but I couldn't find then I called my friend and get direction so here we go now we are here , good  thing about this place is they make fresh donut front of you 
I will come backI love the creative flavors!  We came too early for the fried chicken, but the donuts were yummy and its so hard to choose!.  Ended up withthe toasted marshmallow and blueberry masrcarpone.  Wonderful!!Decided to try the storefront after an underwhelming experience at Citizen's bank ballpark. The buttermilk chicken sandwich was quite tasty; the perfect blend of spicy rooster sauce, soft potato bun, tangy pickles, and buttermilk fried chicken. I also tried the buttermilk chicken by itself and I felt the same way as citizen's bank: little too salty and dry for my taste. The hot fresh donuts were mouthwatering and piping hot and didn't disappoint. Overall I'd come back!donuts are good but not awesome. it tastes like a donut but smells like fried chicken. i haveba feeling they might share the same oil for both donut and chicken. also cold brew tasted like regular ice coffee from deli. hmmm...In a world where people are dunkin' their donuts in venti caramel macchiatos on every other street corner, this small, fried, beacon of sugary delight shines bright in the middle of philadelphia's great alleyway. When you are in a hurry and can't leave your Center City office for more than a few minutes, you have a choice. It's a fundamental choice that every one of us needs to make at some point in our lives: Sea Salt Caramel or Cookies 'n Cream.
It's a decision that will bring many of us to our knees in the despair of a fundamentally unjust universe. But one hero among them will stand up...
...and chose both.I'm a serious donut lover. Federal Donuts has a great selection of hot and fancy donuts IF you get to them early enough in the day. I suggest stopping by on your way to work, as the fancy donuts taste fresh throughout the day. The hot donuts are great to eat in the moment. Worth the trip on a weekday for sure :) weekenders- be mindful of your timing!These donuts were made right in front of us. They were light and fluffy, which might seem odd for a donut, but they were amazing. They had an excellent almost buttery taste and my favorite, the lavender, has just a hint of the spice and tastes superb.I think I went into Federal expecting more offerings or more flavor for the cost. Overall, it wasn't bad, but I was definitely disappointed after reading such excellent reviews. The selection was somewhat limited (6 special donuts and 4-6 normal donuts).
Pumpkin spice latte donut was really good. The donut itself was like pumpkin bread, while the icing on top was akin to a whipped pumpkin mousse. 
The chocolate cake glazed donut was a let-down. It was pretty dry and had a slightly savory taste instead of being sweet. Perhaps if you prefer more toned down donuts that one might be for you.randomly walked pass federal donuts so my friend and I were like..oooo lets try a donut!
they ran of out fancy donuts at that time so we settled with mocha spice donut that they were gonna fry fresh for us.  they were very nice and actually gave us an extra donut as well! 
i was super excited since the donut was piping hot out from the fryer. took my first bite and it was super soft and mushy.  donut was covered in spices and sugar but lacked the mocha taste.
i really wanted to like this place and wanted to buy the dozen donuts....
maybe ill give it one more try with the fancy spicy pbj!One vanilla spice and one pumpkin latte donut later I was in heaven. They were hot and soft and so so good. Wish we had a chance to try the chicken! Coffee was good too.I have crumbs on my phone. I have crumbs on my keyboard. I think I got hot and fresh donut deliciousness- but I'm not sure, because they're gone now. All of them. Even the ones I was supposed to bring home.
Maybe I can claim they were out of donuts, or the cool fresh donut maker-dropper thingie  was broken. 
Or maybe I can say the dog ate them. 
Except-
We have a cat.Meh is right. I don't really have much to say other then the fired chicken was so dry. I ordered the buttermilk ranch chicken and, unbeknownst to me, that buttermilk ranch flavor was literally powered ranch sprinkled over the chicken mehhhhhh. Totally disappointed. This chicken was served with four of the tiniest slice of pickle and a cold (but honestly delicious) honey donut. The donut is the only reason I would come back.Fried chicken and donuts - deep-fried heart attack or genius business model? Both!
The chicken was just as juicy as I had hoped it would be, and I loved the Cowboy Coffee seasoning that we chose. The donuts were also good, but we didn't make it in time for the fancy donuts, and it was only NOON.
I understand that these are in demand, so it's likely that they will run out early, but then why have this on their menu? People must come in all day asking for items that are already sold out, so why not have this as a separate part of the menu that people can only choose from when it's available? I can't explain how disappointing it is to be craving a maple bacon donut and waiting in line for 15 minutes, only to have your heart broken when you get to the register to find out that it was already sold out when you got there.
Not cool!!Donuts and Fried Chicken.... yes please!
What a winning combo for have.  Their donuts and fried chicken were moist and delicious.  Can't remember what was my favorite since I ordered all the available donuts.
Must return when i get a chance.Freaking awesome fried chicken! I had take out and it sat in the box for over an hour; the crust was still shatteringly crisp when I had my first bite. And PS loved the accompanying honey lemon donut!Stopped by here real quick and grabbed a "fancy donut" to go. The gingerbread donut was super fresh and melt in your mouth delicious! 
They only have cake donuts, and they are not filled, but they are very good. Not the BEST I've had, but worth a visit nonetheless.Plastic Shake and Bake
I am a fried chicken fanatic and I LOVE LOVE anything Michael Solomonov....But my experiences with Federal Donuts fried chicken leaves me bereft. I won't get into the long wait bs for a box of chicken from 2nd Street. I live in south Phila and the limited supply thing is a nasty joke. Yeah, yeah, I was the lucky one on a few occasions. And one time, there was actually a parking space in front, but when I went inside, there were so many anxious blank-faced people waiting, it looked like the hull of a human cargo ship and I kind of freaked out......
So, my experience is in context of multiple failed attempts....
Today, on a Saturday around 11:30 am, I lucked out and purchased two halves and 6 wings from the Sansom Street shop. 
Forget the slightly lousy service (sorry, snot-ass kid taking orders, is your job more stressful than mine??) my expectations were high even though my past chicken tastings were just "ok." Kind of embarrassing as a Solomonov fan to admit -  I just wasn't impressed the first few times.
Which is why I am writing this now. Its all a Big Joke and I'm the sucker.  Isn't this supposed to be really good, high quality chicken? Happy, free range cluckers devoted to our well being as a foodie community? And if you wait in a long line you will be rewarded with something special? Nope. Forget it.  This white chewy rubber  brined in shake and bake was actually gross. It was juicy but plastic. Flavorless in spite of the cutesy flavors.  The cilantro something or other tasted like cilantro flavored cardboard and gave credibility to the entire facebook group, "I hate cilantro." 
I prefer the fried chicken at the Thriftway on 10th and South.Does it live up to the hype? For the most part, yes. I got the order of the fried chicken which I had to order in 6 pieces. They had no smaller amounts. It was very crispy which I loved. I got the buttermilk rub which was OK, reminded me of the Auntie Anne's garlic powder, too potent and a bit unappealing after a while. The donut that comes with the chicken is so good! Tastes like cake. I ordered a strawberry cheesecake donut also and WOW was that sweet- like a huge burst of sweetness with every bite! Could not handle it. Overall I enjoyed my experience and would say its definitely worth a one time visit at least.I'm not sure how I've lived without this place in my life.  Although I'm not a huge fan of fried chicken, my brother was in town visiting and wanted to try it out.  This was hands down the best piece of fried chicken I have ever had.  We split an half order of the Buttermilk Ranch chicken, and an assortment of the donuts. 
AMAZING!Chicken sandwiches ordered online were hot and ready fast the pickup time and were DELICIOUS!Stopped in here Thursday on the way to work. yes, I work in the city. It's not that big a deal. Anyway, these donuts were good. Though did not live up to the hype. I would have them again, but wouldn't go out of my way to get them. I don't have to though, because as I previously said, I work in the city.Popular donut shop.  Lots of people and interesting flavors.  Get there early because they sell out fast.  I was disappointed I didn't get to try them all.  They were warm and fresh when they gave it to us which I loved.  Definitely a cool spot to check out.Their donuts are SO GOOD!  Tried the hot fresh donuts in 2 flavors: cinnamon sugar and strawberry lavender.  I was surprised at how much I liked them and would be happy to order a dozen of the strawberry lavender.  Curious to try their specialty donuts and fried chicken.  However, I do have to say that their coffee did not impress.  If it's going to be a specialty item that they highlight on their brand, they should put more effort into it.Tip #1: Location - its across the street from the Aveda salon. Look for a red, white, and blue awning that reminds you of the French flag.
Tip #2: There are two types of donuts - made-to-order and complicated. The former are $1 cheaper!
I had a hell of a time finding this place but it was so worth it! It's on this little street with not a ton of shops and signage doesn't stick out or illuminate. I walked by it TWICE but once inside it was worth the search. 
Funny I say that a lot about random Philadelphia restaurants. 
Now on to the donut - I got the Blueberry Lemonade and OMG it was LUSCIOUS. The interior was lemon with the icing pulling in the blueberry part.THE EMPEROR IS WEARING NO CLOTHES!!!!!
Cake donuts, which these are, are the best kind of donuts. 
When you eat at Dunkin or other donut shops - they serve the air-filled glazed ones, which taste terrible. 
So FD using a cake donut base, gives them some credibility - but then all they do is cover the lovely cake donut with weird combination frostings full of sugar - sort of tasty, but a waste of calories and certainly not worth a fuss. The frostings are recked by strange mixtures of fennel and chocolate, or sasaafrass and mulberry, etc. 
With the chicken, what is not to like in heavily coated fried crispy chicken skin - tho normally you would never order this.
The chicken itself is mediocre (the dry was dried out). 
Without the big PR  hullabaloo about how great this place is, you would never go out of your way to eat food like this. 
Save yourself the trouble - Certainly avoid any lines - and get the leafy green salad on the corner.
NLGood donuts with nice flavors. My favorite was the blueberry, with the strawberry lavender coming in at a close second. If you get a box of 6, you can opt to pick 3 "special donuts" (slightly more expensive) + 3 "normal donuts," and they will price accordingly.