any place that has live bag pipe players playing in the middle of the crowd, in kilts! is a place that holds a special place in my hear The staff is very friendly as well.This place is straight up legit. It's owned by an Irishman and it welcomes you like a true Irish pub would. It's small-ish and comfy. Not too crowded or too busy. It's friendly. The staff are pleasant and attentive. The beer list and drink specials are fabulous. The prices are below average (which is a big yay). And the food offerings are solid. This was the perfect St. Patrick's Day bar. If I lived in Philly, I'd would so totally be a regular here. The vibe and atmosphere were just what I want and expect from a bar. Friendly, fun, and affordable, and no pretentiousness or overcrowding.Yummy food, great classy but comfortable environment, good music, and fantastic bartender who could talk a thing or two about local beers.  We had a great time at Fergie's and wouldn't change a thing!Fergie's Pub is proof that God loves us and wants us to be happy.There are several things I like about Fergie's Pub. 1) it's real down to earth. Not like some of these up and coming  hipster hangouts .You know the ones. Blocking the sidewalks  with chairs and table serving overpriced food to fools that were suckered into the seen and be seen principle. Nope, Fergies is real. .2)With real food and real drinks  an real people serving them.You know what else I like about Fergie's ? 3) They host A Play ,A Pie and Pint when they are in town. Look up this casual theater group and grab a ticket next time they are in town.They are also home of  Quizzo on Tuesday and Thursday nights  and lend their services to Center Jazz Festival. See, that's what a neighborhood bar is all aboutAwesome, authentic Irish pub. Clean dining room, great food, and a friendly, attentive staff. Good beer selection in a great area to hit for dinner and/or drinks.A proper pub, great beers & vegetarian friendly. Was in town for business. Wanted a pub meal. I walked in & instantly felt as if I was across the pond. A cozy pub where locals grab a pint. I loved the many protein-based choices for vegetarians & non alike. I sat at the bar. The bartender/manager was really nice, helpful & attentive even when super busy. Update: five stars to four for only one reason: salt. After three meals, I am convinced the chef cannot taste salt. I love salty food but I was served a salt lick every time, making the food inedible after a few bites.Looks like a typical crappy Irish pub from the outside... but it's not. They had an impressive beer list and some really good bar food that's a little different from the usual deep-fried selections at your average bar.
I wouldn't plan my night around being here, but I'd definitely go back.Waitress is super rude. My coworkers and I loved this place for trivia. Multiple times, the female bartender was rude to us. Fergie's is a great place but the waitress made our office of 25 not want to go back again.We went for an early st. paddy's day celebration! You don't get much better than a joke telling, blue-grass Irish band and drinking $3 tallboys of Narragansett beer! The wings smelled really good!
If I hadn't just finished a grilled cheese and mac & cheese at Prohibition Tap Room and wasn't about to go out for Indian food after Fergie's, you betcha I would've gotten some wings!I came to Fergie's Pub to watch a poetry reading/open mic upstairs.
We ordered pickle chips (which I have been on the hunt for after Jose Pistola's stopped making them) - and they really hit the spot.
For dinner, I ordered the vegan steak sandwich (I added real cheese to it) and enjoyed it.  The flavor was good, and the added veggies were a nice addition. The fries served along side were extra salty, which was a plus.Tuesday night Quizo is pretty alright when you consider the early start time and the questions being at just the right level of difficulty. Sitting upstairs is where its at. A dark atmosphere that's just right for huddling around the candle on your table to commiserate with friends. The waitstaff is really chill and pretty friendly. 
Problem - the Specials here? Are not so special. 
Last visit I had the Irish Breakfast. In an Irish pub. 
And it was crap.
Don't mess with my Irish breakfast...
Another person in our group had gnocci that was kinda gross too. 
Other problem - The beer selection's just okay. There were only 2 brown/porter beers on the list last time... which was less than okay.
The hot roast beef sandwich however, is on point and pretty tasty - be sure to ask for extra au jus!A business colleague introduced me to Fergies, as we had some time to kill between the end of my meeting and my ride to the airport. Fergie's is a cool Irish Pub. No TV's - I'm told it's because the owner wants patrons to interact. And interact they did. All were quite friendly and I enjoyed my visit. I'll stop in again next time I'm In Philly.First I need to get this out of the way: People tend to make a big deal about Fergie's not having televisions.  It is because he got in trouble showing some boxing match without the proper licensing and said "fuck it" and got rid of them.  Grace Tavern another of his bars for example has televisions ;).  It was no posey marketing scheme people make it out to be.  
I love Fergie's so much.  Great  pub grub and a super friendly staff most of the time.  I hadn't been for ages and I went back for the second yelp meetup and it was like an old friend.  Even though Fergie-claus was no where to be found.I absolutely love this place. There are NO TVs in the whole restaurant which I think is amazing. The food is quite great and there are many options for a vegetarian. They have live Irish music playing every Saturday night and many bands playing throughout the week. I went to school in Philly and when my parents came to visit me it quickly became their favorite place.This was my go-to place when I lived in the city.  Mainly came here for happy hour and for their Quizzo nights, which is probably one of the best Quizzo's I've ever been to...I think once my team won a case of Guinness years ago.  Their food, which is nothing fancy, is incredibly tasty pub grub.Had my first legal drink here at around midnight right after I had turned 21.  We had thrown a party at my friends apt and this place is right next door.  That is the only reason I went, it wasn't bad but the crowd was kinda bland, pretty bored, and fairly aged.  The staff was friendly but really the only reason I've been here is that it is right next door.  I only visit Philly about every six months and I'm not very knowledgeable of the bar scene.try the vegetarian chili. 
people close to me say that it is better than my own veggie chili.
even though i find this offensive and mostly untrue, i can admit that the chili is chest-bumpingly delicious. 
don't forget to order a couple of quality beers from their list.
you will undoubtedly get comfy and forget the time in the darrrk dining room, eventually leaving with a simple smile and latent indigestion.Another stop on the out of towner bar crawl. My cousins were here for the weekend and we wanted someplace to just chill and hang out. Fergie's was the perfect place. The best thing about it...WOODCHUCK CIDER ON TAP!! I mean, come on!! What could have made me happier? We had a few drinks and as the other reviews have said, we didn't have any food but whatever was around us smelled great. I will definitely be going back and would love to try the shepards pie which looked AMAZING!!I've been here a couple times now and the food has never disappointed. The burgers and wings are both delicious and its a great weekend spot to avoid tourist Philly.
Drinks are averagely priced, however I did notice that as I started ordering more serious drinks the bartender would bring them over personally, which I appreciated. 
Def recommend, especially for visitors looking to relax.attended a private party upstairs.  Def not fancy, but it was a solid deal.  bar food buffet was fine, more than anything the barkeep knew how to pour a proper Guiness.  Decent selection of local brews on tap.I lucked into visiting tonight (Wednesday)  during their once-a-month live karaoke band event. So glad I did instead of going to the place I planned to (way too crowded and dudebrah-esque). Fergie's ambiance is chill and comfy, bar staff is friendly (and talented, girl, love it when you take the stage!), service is fast, and the food decent (I ordered the nachos which, to a girl from Texas, looks like someone dumped salad and chili on tortilla chips, but that's cool, I'm not in Texas right now, am I? Tasted fine, just not Tex-Mex/Mexican nachos. They used real cheese, not some gross plastic crap, so that's a huge win.). Karaoke was excellent. The band doesn't have a book of songs, but know a ton and were fun to perform with.I went for the yelp event here. It was a pretty good time! Lots of stew type foods and the vegetarian wings were surprisingly tasty ( a little greasy, but what can you do, it's wings). I especially enjoyed the pot pie thing with potatoes on it--the mashed potatoes were far from bland and the meat and peas underneath it were spicy and delicious. 
They were serving cosmo cocktails and Sixpoint sponsered the beer. I didn't get around to trying the beer, but the cosmos were pretty good! Strong too.My four stars are just a little sentimental - my mother was born in County Roscommon and I've always had a minor affinity to all things Irish.  This place always feels so authentic - it never tries to be more than it is - it's a classic Irish pub, with good beer and better Irish whiskey. They also were voted for having one of the best jukeboxes in Philly several years running (lots of classic U2, Pixies,  Van Morrison,  etc - plus it's now updated with tons more contemporary music.) They have some of the best open mike nights I've ever seen - and Quizno one or two nights a week.  The fare is pretty much standard pub,  but be sure to try the spicy chipotle mussels - they are awesome!Good food.  Sit downstairs and have some food and a drink.  Live music upstairs can get loud, but that's not necessarily a bad thing.  Friendly neighborhood bar.I've always liked Fergies Great Burgers Chili(with cornbread) The kind of place that was like home. Always that same familiar cooking. After wandering to other restaurants for a few months, I recently returned home for my favorite, Fish and Chips, the best in the city. To my dismay instead of two pieces of lightly unevenly breaded fish carcass I get this preformed, perfectly breaded slab of fish on top of fries. EEEwwwwww! Just forewarning the unsuspecting. I was so disappointed I ha vent been back. Ma, I no longer have a home.Stopped in on Saint Paddy's day for a few pints of Guinness and a bite to eat. 
I love Fergie's. Great beer, great staff, great food.  Always has been a standby for me, one of the great bars for beer lovers in the city and one of the best Irish pubs (right up there with the Bards). There tends to be a diverse crowd here, which I like, meaning I don't have to age into or age out of coming here. 
Bonus Points: Bagpipers playing on Saint Paddy's Day
More Bonus Points: Fergie himself was there the night in question and stepped outside to talk to the bouncer as soon as we were walking in. The bouncer said something along the lines of "I need to see your IDs", not impolitely, and we happily obliged. After we did and were entering the bar, I saw Fergie lean over to the bouncer and say "Make sure you say please when you ask for IDs". Fergie - kudos to you for keeping standards high!Ok selection of beer, biggest complaint was the beer was warm, or room temperature. Maybe they didn't have chilled glasses or maybe they didn't have a glycol system~ either way luke warm beer. Hummus was pretty good tho :)Really good local bar.  Best staff ever.  I lost my keys once, and the whole staff was really helpful; bought me shots, let me use their phones, even offered me a place to stay.  What else could you ask from a neighborhood bar?Not exactly sure why...maybe its the warm atmosphere...maybe its the lack of concern the place has for trying to satisfy all and just worry about being a good place.  The food is ok.  the beer is cold.  the place is just cool.  and if you haven't met Fergie you should.  one of the very best in the city.Nice atmosphere, mixed crowd.  Good tap selection and good food.  Fun quizzo on Thursday nights though it can get very packed!  All in all a great little bar.Don't complain about the lack of televisions, just go somewhere else to watch the Phils beat up on the Mets. The bartenders on excellent as are the regulars (many of them authentic auld side boys) This a conversation bar and a great place to meet people. Open mic monday nights is one of the best in the city. Drinks are a bit pricey but worth it. Fergie is the bearded, shabby dressed man who always looks like he's in a rush. Be good or be gone.Amazing place!! I visit Philly often and always try new restaurants.. You wouldn't believe how difficult it is to find a simple place to grab a beer and a burger in the Center City "Gayborhood".... Everywhere else around is very trendy and "chic". Stopped into Fergies because how can you go wrong with a pub? Had a great beer selection and the burgers were delicious. Hand cut pub fries were fantastic as well! Looking around, all the other food looked great too. Our server was friendly and very attentive to everyone- she was the only server on the floor. Live, authentic Irish band plays every Saturday from 4-7 pm! I will definitely return next time I'm in the city and will recommend to friends!!Second attempt at 9pm Thursday quizzo, and again it was a bust! We arrived around 8:30, but it was too late. Quizzo is only offered in their upstairs bar area which is utilized to maximize patronage, but clearly fills up quickly. I was a little irritated, because two tables had enough space to accommodate our group, but the patrons sitting there were "saving" the seats. I'm not sure if the pub can do more to moderate this, but I found it annoying. 
Nevertheless, our group snagged a table downstairs and ordered some drinks and food. This time I gave the Pierogies of the day ($6) a try - bacon and apple. They were DELICIOUS! I was a little disappointed in the portion size, but it was one of the cheapest food items on the menu, and they were so very tasty. My friends ordered the vegetarian cheesesteak and the hot roast beef sandwich. They were both satiated, and said great things about the food! I can say, I was pretty jealous - both sandwiches LOOKED delicious, as well!
Hopefully the third time is a charm with quizzo. Next time I'll make a note to arrive earlier.The one thing I strongly remember from this place was how nice the server was. She was incredibly sweet and attentive, patient with a large group, and always making sure our glasses were full!
I really liked the cider here, some of the best I've had. I also really enjoyed the nachos (with pulled pork) although as always with nachos there wasn't enough guac/sour cream. I should have asked for more, I'm just too lazy.
All in all this was a great weeknight pub, not deserted (in fact upstairs was heaving for the quiz, apparently, which we couldn't even get into). Not sure how it would be on the weekends though, it probably isn't as fun when it's mega busy - or maybe it's just my preference for half empty bars!Went for quizzo on a Thursday night and the placed was PACKED. Really random questions (which I guess is the point of Trivia) but everyone was super into it. They do 3 rounds and 1 bonus round. Winner gets $50 towards their bar tab and 2nd place gets $25. Food is good (Get the cheesesteak egg rolls) and beer selection is pretty good. Most of the beers on tap are IPAs but there is Yuengling and Allagash on tap. I recommend the Allagash if you're into Belgium beers (like Blue Moon).
Wait staff is slow and if you try to go up to the bar the bartender sends you right back to your table. A little annoying, but what can you expect when there are 2 ladies managing an entire crowd of people trying to play Quizzo.cute pub, great live band, friendly staff. Can get loud, but has lots of room because it is two stories.Came here with a group of folks for drinks and food. 
Ordered Fish and chips- Meh. Crazy thick batter (and on the bland side), ordinary chips. 
The Nachos were just ok...chips close to being stale, guacamole was on the watery side...fried pickles were interesting.
Decent beer selection on tap, but nothing special.  
At least the service was decent.  It was so loud that I had to shout to talk to the person next to me.  Crazy. I guess it can't be helped when the place is packed.Had a really fun night here on a recent Saturday,  It was a bit quiet when we first arrived (Labor Day weekend) but the staff were friendly and chatted away with us as we sat at the bar.  Nice pour of Guinness here.  At around $7.00 a pint it's a bit more than we're use to at our local in Denver, but that didn't stop us from enjoying. The place filled up more as the evening went on.  We met a great group of people here, saw a good band (Problem Solving) and enjoyed the cozy atmosphere.  Hope we find ourselves again here some day.This is one of my favorite pubs in Philly!  I especially enjoy the Irish band that plays on Saturday afternoons from 4-7PM.  Their beer list is always pretty decent, the food is average, but the overall atmosphere is so warm and inviting, I never want to leave!
The one thing on their menu that we always order and greatly enjoy is their Seitan wings.  We were told that they order in freshly-made Setian, and you can really tell the difference.  They are so delicious!  They pair perfectly with the beers we are generally consuming here :)    
The wait staff is always super friendly, but can be slow at times (when it appears that they are understaffed for a rush of people).  But, overall, we have never left feeling less that super happy.This place saved us! Went to a more upscale place that we had to leave due to bad service. Fergie's made our night. The staff is amazing and the food was good. Will be back again to this wonderful Philly establishment.Food was fantastic! Service was great! Everything we ordered was delicious. Nice to see our old place to hang is still awesome!!This place normally has a live band on Saturday nights. They have a decent draught selection, however drinks (both beer and mixed) are pricey. This is a good place to come with a group of people of you want a more quiet setting because it doesn't tend to get packed. I prefer Finn McCools personally because the drinks are far more reasonable and there is a better crowd. They serve food here and it is pretty good. This place is worth stopping into for a round if you are bar hopping in the area. It keeps pretty well to the Irish Pub feel even on a Saturday night.I dig Fergies. It is a real Irish pub with a decent tap list and pretty good food. Unlike many of the other bars in the area, it is usually quiet enough to actually talk to the people you are with. A definite plus. 
I love their events too. My favorite is the Thursday evening Quizzo upstairs. It is for people who are there to really do Quizzo so don't even THINK about using your phone or talking while the questions are being read. Get there early for a table. There is a $10 minimum on food.I love Fergie's.  The bartenders and waitresses are always friendly.  You can't beat their burgers, and many times they have great food special items listed on the chalkboard. Great beer selection too, and the live music is usually great local bands.  Check out their outdoor space this summer - they have games and a few draft beers out there, great way to spend a Saturday afternoon!One of my fave pubs to hit on a Saturday, while chillin in Philly.
Why?  Cuz, when all the other bars in center city are I-wann-kill-myself-hella packed-because-its-amateur-night-Sturday, this off-the-beaten-path spot is perfect to meet up with a date or your crew and actually have normal convos.
No whoo girls.
No d-bags.
No pretense.
Oh yah, the London Pride is nice and refreshing."Can I ask why we're getting southern food at an Irish pub?"
Your confusion, like my roommate's, can be excused if you don't know the back story of how Fergie got its southern twang. After the cork was put in Bebe's in the Italian market, the flow of Mark Coates' Carolina-meets-Memphis take on barbecue was shut off. Rather than cut off Philly from some of the best BBQ in a BBQ-starved town, Dixie had to fall in love with Irish Eyes.
The result is the West Carolina BBQ pork getting a new lease on life and remaining excellent. The meat is tender and the sauce doesn't compromise flavor for the sake of heat. It is a little spicy so if that's not your thing, go Puff Daddy and Notorious BIG style and get the Eastern version.
The service is great, and yes, they have fried pickles. Only thing: Am I in a fantastic dive bar or an Irish pub? Classic, dark, pub wood meets an odd orange and black ceiling with two bucks presiding over the patrons. Thankfully the clash of cultures works famously with the food.Our already two servers switched with another waitress in the middle of our time here which we weren't told about which is find but it was still kind of annoying and threw things off a little. The vegan seitan steak was very flavorful, the burger was cooked just right and the seitan wings and tempura breaded fried pickles were on point. One of us never got their meal because I guess ordering an appetizer as their entree threw things off a little. It was a recoverable mistake but it arrived so late because it was on us to call it to the staff's attention. All in all we like the place and we will be back in hopes tonight was just a little off.Maybe I'm just getting too old to go out to bars in this city. The crowd here was a bit young the last time I stopped in. Young as in "they're like 14" kind of young. We came for the vegan wings, which were good (not great). Hummus plate was just OK. I'd come back for a drink at the bar, but probably not for a meal any time soon.Went for Quizzo. We sucked but were pleasantly surprised by the reasonably priced and tasty menu, especially for vegetarians. I will go back with reinforcements! Service was attentive and friendly, and the crowd appeared to be student-ish.A good Irish pub not too divey. They have good food and huge beer selection . As authentic as they come . They even had a man in a kilt play a bagpipe on several occasions. I highly recommend this bar for a good start or end point for a night out .This is a real pub. After spending an extended period of time in the UK, and a short trip to Dublin, I fell in love with pubs. This is the closest thing I've found to a nice cozy, corner pub in the states. 
I went once for dinner. The prices are reasonable and the draft selection is medium sized, but good. I drank Yard's Philly Pale Ale, Woodchuck cider, and Hoegaarden, all great choices. I had the shepherd's pie which was very good. I was there during Philly Beer Week, and someone went around with some Guinness samplers, so that was cool. The server/bartender was very quick, and was also good at recommending beers.
The atmosphere was authentic, with cool decor and nothing obnoxious like a giant LED four-leaf-clover like some places. The jukebox has a lot of good songs, too.
This is not a late night spot, it kinda died down after like 10 o clock. Also it can't compare to a 'real' pub. But for a nice pub dinner and some pints, Fergie's is great. I would definately come back next time I'm in town.Good bar, nice staff, and nice old-world decoration.  A good place to go when you want to sit around with some friends and have some drinks.  This is the bar I talked about being just through the parking lot from the Rodeway Inn.I've been here a few times and have always had a good time.  Both the upstairs and downstairs have been fun to hang out in.  Defiantly has that Irish but feel, if you're into that this is the place for you.I thought this was a good standard irish pub. It had a quaint feeling about it and had good beers on tap. 
Located in a centrally located spot in Center City, I can see it is a good place to meet coworkers after work for a drink.
I went on a Saturday night to meet an old friend and the bar was comfortable in the sense that you didn't have to wait long for a drink and it wasn't overly crowded.Wow. Great, great bar. I'm so mad I didn't know about this place when I was in college in Philly.
Irish pub that ISN'T cash only, love it! They also have real Irish music sessions going on all the time so you really feel like you're in a little pub in Galway. Mixed drinks were really strong, and they had a good pour on beers. I was disappointed they didn't have an Irish red on tap though. 
We split some chicken wings and they were pretty good, but I can't speak to the rest of the food. 
It was pretty hard to get the bartenders' attention to get a drink. They seemed a little unexperienced. However, I showed up with about 30 people who had some time to kill between a wedding ceremony and the reception, so I'm sure they just weren't staffed for that big a surge.What a great little place. staff was friendly and fun atmosphere. One of the few places we had found with live music. Downfall No Guinness and the steps were a little steep excellent for falling down. We will be back even though  little on the pricey side.Wandered in on a busy Sunday, Eagles were playing so most places nearby were packed.  Food was good, server Sylvia was exceptional.  Very friendly, would come here again and hope to be served by her again.  We'll definitely consider Fergie's next time we're in PhiladelphiaFergies has one of the best atmospheres of any bar in center city. I love how it's just a little bit dark, just a little bit worn, and comfortable. The bartenders and waitresses are always nice and the beer selection is plenty to keep you entertained on a weekend night.
 Food isn't out of this world, but it's warm and hearty. I especially like the nachos. The wings that they have on special sometimes (I think they're spiced with peppers and some cocoa) are awesome. 
Close to a five, but I wish it were a little cheaper so I could be more of a  regular.Went here while waiting for a table at El Vez, right up the street. Got here and they had Bellhaven on tap and there was a bunch of people playing guitars, banjos and flutes in the corner booth- which sold me. I Ditched my table at El Vez and decided to order dinner here instead. Not too many people around but I'm sure it gets crowded later on. 
The food was decent, I had the crab cake sandwich with sweet potato fries which was really good. My boyfriend had the shepherds pie and said it was pretty good, could have been better.
Overall, a great place to grab a beer or 4. The atmosphere was enjoyable, down to earth, and casual yet fun.Fantastic neighborhood bar where you always have a great time. This place is really mellow and cozy and makes you feel relaxed, comfortable and happy. Drinks, food, atmosphere and staff are all excellent.  The veggie chili is amazing with a spicy chopped jalapeño kick. Try the pierogi du jour (i.e., potato and cheese pierogi topped with fried mushrooms and onions).  
The downstairs has a nice bar and seating area. Upstairs there is another bar and more seating. Often an event is going on upstairs (trivia, poetry readings, comedy shows), so go check it out!    The bar is named after Fergie the owner. Fergie's business partner passed away recently - that is his portrait hanging downstairs on the front wall, and there is a smaller painting of the two on the upper wall downstairs near the stairs.Place did not seem busy.  Friendly bartender/waiter helpful when taking our drink and food order.  Unfortunately we had to leave without eating,  to get  back to my conference, after easily a 30 minute wait for simple fish 'n chips.  To the waiter's credit, he was sympathetic and did not charge us for the drinks.  Will return!Would have been 4 stars if not for the terrible service. Ordered brisket sandwich on friends recommendation, was really good. However, we ordered the Philly steak  spring roll appetizers, which never came out. Tried to continuously flag our waitress down for another beer and couldn't. When she did finally come back, we ordered more drinks, and she never brought them.  We each had a total of one beer, solely because we couldn't find someone to sell us more beer. Amazing how places stay in business.
Edit. Changing to 1 star! Friend at my table just told me he ordered a pale ale, and he got a Guinness. Waitress should have stuck to her day job.After reading all of the great reviews about the deep fried pickles, I thought I would give them a try. I don't know if it was a bad night, but to me it tasted like deep fried nothing with a hint of a pickled taste. The sauce was good though, although I am pretty sure it was just ranch dressing, so that is a given. The nachos were good, but they tasted like they had been sitting for awhile, and all of the cheese was sort of in one glob together, and there was very minimal sour cream. As for the drinks, my friend and I both ordered vodka pineapples, one was way too strong and one was way too weak. Luckily, that worked out in our favor, because I wanted a weaker drink, so we switched. The macaroni and cheese was delicious, although my friend ordered it, so the best thing there I only got one bite of. As for quizzo, there is a $10/person minimum for the bill, for each team. As easy as that is to do, the fact that they tell you that kind of makes you wonder why you chose that quizzo over all of the free quizzo's in Philadelphia. As for the bill, the first time we attempted to pay, the waitress quickly brought back our check and asked us to specify which amount goes on which card, and then we assumed she would be back for it. However, after a 10-15 minute wait, and us being the last people there, we realized we would have to take our bill up to the bar to pay.Cute two story bar, with better food than a lot of the non-gastro pub bars. Veggie seitan wings are pretty great. The fun-ness of this bar is that they have a great staff and daily events like Quizo, Open Mic Nite and my new favorite thing: Live Band Karoake. A nice challenge for you above-average karoake singers. Live band is hard yo. You gotta know the music cues to your song because there's no bouncy ball letting you know the beat of the lyrics. But it totes makes you feel like a rockstar.Cue Whitney - "iiiiiiiii iiiiiiiiiiii willll always love youuuuuuuuuu youuuuuuuuu"I came here with a large party for dinner. They were very accommodating of the larger party and provided good service. I ordered the crab cake sandwich. It had relatively little filler and was very flavorful. I was impressed by how good the crab cake was. I wouldn't call it the best crab cake sandwich in the world, but it was very good for the value and locale. I wouldn't mind coming back some time with a group for a pint and some food.Tough area to just walk in and get a table in under an hour but we lucked out. Fast service and great service. Great music both live and recorded. Solid pour. Delish food. We had the fried pickles, grilled cheese and cheesesteak spring rolls. Great prices.I've been here a few times before and sat in the downstairs area. The food is decent pub food, the prices are reasonable, but the service is terrible. In a small establishment, there is no excuse for your waiter to never check on you- they can see you from behind the bar counter.
The ultimate reason I will be frequenting this place much less is my latest experience with Thursday night Quizo. The quizo itself was fine, a decent host, but the service was horrendous. It took our waitress about an hour to get around to us, we ordered a few drinks and an appetizer. She suddenly became much more attentive as we got closer to the end of the quizo, when she informed us that it was a $10 minimum per person, and we were only halfway there. with one round left. We ordered an obligatory pitcher, which none of us actually wanted (we had each already had a drink and had to work the next morning). The most frustrating part was not that this rule existed, but that we were not made aware of it until near the end of our visit.Good pub food but our service staff were quite bitchy to be honest. Made us feel really awkward just for stepping into the place and each order we placed (just a round of beers and simple entrees) were a huge burden to her. The reviews are great it seems so I'd like to try it again sometime but not for now.... there are plenty of great places in Philly with great people that I'd rather give my service to.Our service consisted of a young lady who asked us for our order and brought us our food. When we asked for recommendations, she failed to tell us about the days multiple specials, which we later found on a chalk board and wish we had known about. Also, she claimed everything was good (I don't like that answer. Surely, there are a few dishes that stand out!) I couldn't find anything on the menu that stood out to me, so I went with the deluxe nachos. They had house smoked pork butt on them, so I figured they were my best bet. Was I disappointed! It seemed as though they had tried to decide between classic and BBQ nachos and settled on some tasteless hybrid. I literally had to salt the nachos (flavorless guacamole). Not good at all, considering nachos are always an easy sell to me. The others in my party were equally unimpressed with their BBQ and hot roast beef sandwiches, though one did like her apple and Brie sandwich. The side of fries that came with their meals seemed quite scant, to boot. The pickle chips we had as an appetizer were too thinly cut and we had to fight to share the small portion, but they were admittedly good pickle chips. Tart- like I like them (note the star)! Overall, the portioning was small for the price and the food was less than satisfying. I will not be returning for a meal, but perhaps a night out because their beer selection was decent.One of my favorite pubs in the city. Fergie's has tremendous food and a pretty good selection of brews. The live music, hot chilly, and classic atmosphere will keep me coming back for years to come!Fergie's is a pretty good spot to take friends.  The food is awesome and the beer selection is pretty decent.  They don't have TV's but that is actually one of the reasons why I go there on days I'm not trying to catch  flyers game or something.  Sometimes they have bands upstairs.  Overall of a good place.A friend and I went here for Quizzo. We lost. However, we did have the highest score per capita. That counts for something, right?
The beer was a little pricier than it should have been ($5 lagers?) and the bartenders/servers were somewhat inattentive. 
We ordered wings which were a bargain at around 7 bucks for 10 huge (and spicy) wings.Went here for quizzo on Thursday. It was very well attended - finding parking and a seat was a challenge! Pulled pork nachos were very tasty, though I asked for no jalepenos and they were still present. A white Russian helped cool my burning mouth. This bar's quizzo is very challenging. My friend and I enjoyed ourselves and will probably return.Oh hell yes.
I met my longtime friend here for beers last night.  She couldn't have picked a better spot.  Perfect quintessential Irish pub, an easy walk from our layover hotel.  
I also invited one of my crew members to go there with me, and we also met up with another flight attendant who happens to live in Philly, as well.  They both enjoyed the ambiance too.
My friend Bobby asked me: What kind of beer did you get?
Me:  I am not entirely sure.  I just looked for the one with the highest ABV%
Bobby: Brilliant. 
They were having a band set up as we were leaving (it was a fairly early night, as my friend came right from her job).  They also had a full buffet set up, as well!  I think they were celebrating some event, but I'm uncertain what it was.  Looked like fun, but we were on to our next venue.  This will be a stop from now on when I lay over in Philadelphia.I went here a couple of nights ago for a late dinner. The place is definitely old school with a touch of divey, but in a good way and not in the disgusting smelly ass Oscar Tavern way.  Lots of dark wood on the walls, wood floors and wooden tables.  Sounds from a jukebox greeted me as I entered. The floor staff(well really one waitress) didn't seem too attentive at first, since I had to stand around for a minute or two before finally going up to a bartender and asking if they were still serving. I was directed to a table and subsequently a waitress took my order for Hoegaarden.  Aahhhh pint of wheat beer goodness. I love thee so.
 The pint came out pretty quickly, but gave me just enough time to decide. I ended up getting (insert shock and awe) a burger with carmelized onions and provolone. It was a 1/2lb pile of tastiness with well done carmelized onions.  The fries that came along with it were pretty good too, crispy yet not over cooked. They also didn't taste old, so they weren't sitting around half a night waiting for some poor sap. 
All in all I was pretty satisfied. Nice laid back atmosphere, good music(mostly, it was jukebox driven so you never know when some wingnut is going to bust out with a craptastic song), and pretty good food. I"ll probably be back next time I work late and need dinner.We were looking for a place that served good beer and some good food and i think we found the right spot for it. 
The bartender was very nice friendly (even though we got there at a busy time on sunday night).
Beer selection wasn't huge but everyone was able to find the one we really liked. 
Food: fried pickles are awesome! I've had them at many different places and these ones are definitely on top of the list. Mussels were really good too (maybe not enough garlic to my taste... But i like them to be super garlicky so this is not the indicator). Shepherds pie - amazing. I could eat that on a regular basis . Hot roast beef - exactly what i imagine when i think of a roast beef sammich. It was juicy, tender and simply delicious. 
Great place if you are looking for drinks, great food and bar atmosphere.Planned to come for quizzo, but turns out my friends and I are secretly 87, and 9pm is too late for us. Bummer. 
However, we ended up here for a low-key second dinner, and this place hit the spot. We sat downstairs, there was plenty of seating, and despite being on the smaller side, we did not feel cramped. Our waitress was kind and quick, We ordered two $5 orders of the "award winning" pub fries, one russet and one sweet potato - turns out we could have easily shared and order. If you're ordering for the table, I'd say you need one for every 2-3 people. It was a very generous portion. The fries come with one dipping sauce free ($.25 for additional), and there are many to choose from. I chose the Irish whiskey aioli. The fries were perfectly cooked and served warm. The aioli was not my favorite. The bitter whiskey flavor was slightly overpowering. It was a bit tartar-y and would be awesome with fish, but I think I'd choose a different sauce next time. 
Speaking of next time, I will definitely be back. This place is super laid back and cozy. Keen to try quizzo, just wish it didn't start so late.It's an Irish Pub pretty similar to any other Irish pub in appearance, food, drink and service. I won't make it a point to go unless something special is happening there just because it otherwise seems pretty ordinary. What I appreciate about Fergie's, though, is how much the owner supports local artists/musicians/organizations.  They always have special events going on, and that's what really sets this bar apart and gives it its charm.
I've been to the upstairs part of the bar to see a really spectacular one-man play, regular events like traditional Irish music sessions and open mic nights and most recently... the 202nd birthday celebration of Edgar Allen Poe.