The BBQ is a little overrated here. So many people told me how fantastic this place was which probably ruined it for me as I went in with pretty high expectations. I lived in Texas for 3 years so that probably also ruined it as well. For philly standards, the BBQ is pretty good. For Texas standards, it's ok. The meat was a tad dry. The sides were ok but nothing spectacular. Also, it's a tad pricey. In 7 years of living in philly, I only went here once. It was worth a try but for the price and value I never came back here again.I was so so excited to get in to some brisket. I had tried the Fette Sau in Brooklyn and was impressed by the beef cheeks. Unfortunately, I paid over $15 for 3 slices of brisket that really lacked flavor. I dream about the melty fat produced by Austin's Franklin BBQ. This was not that kind of fat.Who would think that one of the best bbq places I've been to is in Philadelphia. A great evening catching up with with one of the most incredible people I know, Kristin Parker Serrano and her husband. 
The brisket was cooked to perfection. As we're the short ribs, and pulled pork. My favorite side was the spicy cole slaw. 
Lose a star because the success need a little work. Spicy is not. .vinegar was watery. I don't do sweet so can't comment on that.Let me start by saying I'm a BBQ snob. I'm not an a-hole about it, but I really don't eat BBQ unless I'm behind the smoker. I spent 15 years in Kansas City so I know a bit about the craft. 
Waking in, I liked the atmosphere. Mix matched chairs at wooden tables, tractor seats at the bar. It feels like we're eating at a roadside bbq joint. 
Next we ordered drinks. I picked a local brewery on tap, my friend picked from a huge selection of whisky. 
While he was getting settled, I admired the BBQ selections. In addition to chalk board descriptions, the the freshly smoked meats are in a case for all to admire. The meat is sold by the pound which allows me to make my own mixed plate! I chose brisket, ribs, pulled pork and mac n cheese. They were all smoky, which is my first test. I don't use sauce unless it's really necessary. Second, they all had a great bark. The brisket had the best crunch. Lastly, the Mac n cheese was smoky with jalapeno heat. Loved it. 
All in all, this Virginia based, Missouri taught BBQ jerk enjoyed the whole experience. 
Next time I'm in Philly, I'm skipping the cheesesteak, and spending my hard earned money on quality BBQ.I'm a huge fan of the original Brooklyn location, and this Philly branch has also managed to score high points in my book.  Though the prices are still crazy steep, the barbecue is still insanely delicious (mmm, brisket and pulled pork) and their vinegar-based potato salad is by far the best I've had in the city.
Also grateful that the space is much larger in this location than the Brooklyn one -- generous outdoor seating for the summertime, and also a bunch of indoor seats if you're sun-phobic or want to be close to the huge bar full of booze.These guys are as good as it gets
I live in N Libs so it's a short walk.  The atmosphere is just great.  Open and friendly.  There is a nice bar where you can order up an excellent manhattan and a nice variety of beers.  The food, well, they knock it out of the park with pretty much everything so you can't go wrong.  You order up front and take the food to the table where you have a selection of excellent BBQ sauce.   I would absolutely recommend the ribs or pulled pork. 
So, great atmosphere, reasonable prices, great service and superior food.Happy hour special, hands down best deal around for good food and cheap drinks.There were 5 of us and we ordered a ton of food! Whole chicken, lb of brisket, lb of ribs, 2 mac & cheeses, baked beans and broccoli salad. Came to $20 a person so it wasn't bad at all. Definitely would go again. Everything was really good except for the broccoli salad. It had too much vinegar.Great place to convene with a group of friends for drinks. Only had the food once and it was delicious.
Shout out to the awesome bartender Lindsey (blue hair, sweet tats) who is a miracle worker at the peak of happy hour! I am convinced she has 10 arms. No matter how many people swarming the bar for drinks, she gets to everyone in record time.- TIP:  Superb happy hour if you like whiskey & beer.  Half off manhattans, old fashioneds, and all beers (which are served in 8oz, 16oz, 32oz, or 64oz jars).
- CON:  Bar can get overwhelmed; meaning it takes too long to get a drink sometimes.
- BOTTOM LINE:  Great atmosphere with great BBQ meats and sides.  Don't miss the beans with burnt ends.  Only thing keeping it from 5 stars is the sauces are just OK, and the bar can be a service bottleneck.Chris the bartender was very good .. he went above and beyond.  Food also was impeccable and I definitely would recommend this to any of my friends.. GO CHRISLove this place. Great BBQ, great whiskey/bourbon options, and a good selection of beers to choose from. The atmosphere is perfect. Its an open space with many wooden tables with cool BBQ-related artwork on the walls. Reminds me of an authentic BBQ joint I went to in the middle of nowhere in South Texas. Can't wait to come back.Pretty good BBQ and sides. Everything is a little pricey, but some of it is completely worth it. The cornbread sucks though and I wish it was served warm and wasn't as dry. I like to mix the spicy and sweet sauces together to dip all my meat. I go with the brisket and pulled pork and it tastes great. Cool location too.Really good brisket and smoked drumsticks. Ribs were a bit dry and I wasn't a fan of the beans. Service was very friendly and prices are decent for brisket this good in the Northeast. Definitely worth the visit for any true fan of BBQ and smoked meats.Love this place! Its brisket and pulled pork are off the hook delicious! Very tender and moist! Too bad I can't give the praise for their ribs though. Not sure if they do, but maybe they should use spare rib instead of of babyback. Smoke sausage are ok. I think sausage itself needs longer curing for more flavor.Would love to see them offering other smoke meat (or even fish if possible). Highly recommend!!!This place has a cool Southern vibe, fantastic BBQ, and great rhythm & blues. It's definitely unlike any other place in Philly. But if you go on a Friday or Saturday night around dinnertime, don't arrive starving. The first time we went it was a Friday night, and we waited in line for 1 hour to get our food! We usually go on a weeknight, or weekend afternoon, and there is no line.  The chicken, pork ribs, and coleslaw were my favorites.Food is AMAZING!! Drinks are okay and the price is a little steep but you eat your money's worth. Glad I took the bartender's advice and got the chicken!Quite possibly my favorite restaurant in Philadelphia, and I'm a foodie.
Their brisket was the best meat I've ever had. Sides really well done and drinks? Their drink menu and bar tenders are fucking phenomenal. 
This would probably be my last meal if I was on death row. I can't get over the brisket.Love it! Drinks are amazing...be ready to have your socks knocked off. And the food is AMAZING! A definite must!This place can be an amazing start to a Sunday Funday that you would not forget until the next great Sunday Funday. 
First off. The BBQ is so delicious, I like the fact that all the meat is dry rubbed and you can mix and match sauces which are on the table to tickle your taste buds in which ever way you desire. The choices of BBQ include brisket, ribs, beef short ribs, pulled pork and chicken (served only at night so I have to go back) the best part about this place is that you order by the pound so you can order all the meats in however big portions you need. For example, I ordeed 1/4 lb of pulled pork, 1/4 lb of beef brisket and 1/4 of beef ribs. I got to choose all three which rarely happens at bbq spots. Onto the sauces, there are 3. Super spicy, vinegar based and sweet. My favorite BBQ is from North Carolina, so you know I doused my meat with some vinegar.... She did not say that..... 
Okay... so this was the start to an awesome Sunday Funday... after you're full on BBQ go to Frankford hall and wash down the food with some amazing beer.So this was my first time here. Very cute and good southern BBQ ambiance. Unfortunately we were regulated to only limited side dishes as they were out of chicken at 1:30 in the afternoon on a Saturday.  
The sides we had were nothing to speak of. Corn was greasy, beans were just ok, potato salad was mediocre as was the broccoli. I was so looking forward to it but it was a complete let down. 
Ps. Tasted each of their 3 sauces and omg they are horrible.  Probably a good thing they didn't have chicken as there is no good sauce to put on it. Don't waste your timeReally good brisket! definetly try the burnt ends "sandwich" and the baked beans with burnt ends. Happy hour is where it's atI hesitate to give any place 5 stars, quite frankly, but this is the best Q outside Austin, in my opinion (other than mine, of course). Served without sauce and not needing a drop. The pulled pork was outstanding. Perfectly rubbed, great texture. Beef ribs were outstanding and perhaps even better than Franklin's in Austin - blasphemy ;-)!! The St Louis ribs were very good and maybe the one meat that paired well with their sweet sauce, though certainly not necessary. Brisket was good, as was the pork belly. Didn't have any sides except for the pickles which were crunchy and mild. Whiskey selection was amazing. A shame we were there for lunch. Need to go back to try the evening peking duck as well. Worth the long trip for us. Not cheap, but quality generally isn't.I've made two trips to Fette Sau.  But the first time I was extremely inebriated, so I'm going to go ahead and focus only on my second visit.
First of all, Fette Sau is in an awesome location.  Not only is it right next to Frankford Hall and a short walk from places like Johnny Brendas and the Piazza, this spot is easily accessible from the Market Frankford Subway and the Girard Ave Streetcar.  If you choose to drive, I suggest parking at Sugar House for free and walking down.  It's approximately a 5-10 minute walk.  As far as I know, no one will mess with your car in that parking lot, but don't quote me on that.
Once you arrive, you come through an entrance that feels like you are in some back alley, Prohibition-era gin joint.  I really like the vibe in this place with the long picnic tables, and the barn-like feel that it has.  
How service works at Fette Sau is you walk up to the food counter and order your meats by the pound.  Likewise, the sides are sold a la carte, in small and large sizes.  Once they give you your food, you pay at that counter.  Drinks are sold in a similar fashion.  All tables are self-seated (no reservations are taken here)  Super casual and great for groups.  Makes it super easy to grab more food and drinks, as you desire, throughout the night. 
So the atmosphere is fun, but how's the food?  I actually really enjoyed everything we ordered.  On our visit, my husband and I shared some pulled pork and a bunch of sides:  Burnt end baked beans, german potato salad, broccoli salad, and coleslaw.  I am a huge fan of both the meat and the sauces here.  Of the sides, I would say the baked beans were my favorite.  They had these little morsels of pork mixed in and the beans were the perfect amount of sweet and salty... yum-o!  I was a big fan of the german potato salad and the coleslaw.  However, I was a bit underwhelmed by the broccoli salad even though I'm normally a huge fan of broccoli.
Beer list is pretty solid.  And they always have a cider on tap, which is great for people who may not care for beer.  They apparently also have a huge selection of whiskey, but that's not really my thing.  I would say that Fette Sau would be a great location for grabbing some beers with a group of friends- it's quiet enough to hear your friends but also lively enough that you don't feel like its a funeral.
Another note on the atmosphere:  On my last visit, we arrived around 645 on a Friday.  And it was PACKED with children.  Now I don't have children so I don't normally assess the kid-friendliness of restaurants.  But I would definitely say that Fette Sau is one of those places where it is totally cool to bring your entire family.  
And finally, the prices.  I feel like you get a really good value for your money here.  Because you order by the pound and order your sides a la carte, you can order as much or as little as you choose.  My husband and I aren't huge eaters, and our meal cost us a little over $20 (excluding drinks).  Which in my opinion is pretty good.  Beer prices seem in line with the neighborhood, but one nice thing is that they sell half pints.  I LOVE half pints.  I'm a slow drinker and my beer always ends up warm OR my husband will drink 2-3 beers in the time it takes me to drink one and then he gets drunk OR my friends threaten to leave me at the bar if I don't finish those last 6 sips of beer!!  So yeah, they have half pints which is awesome.
Visit Fette Sau with a group, on a date, with your kids.  Visit Fette Sau for a big feast, a small bite, just a few beers.  Just make sure you visit!!Great. The meat, the vegetable sides, the buns, and the cocktails are all exceptional. While Philadelphia is not known for its BBQ, Fette Sau stands out.Fette Sau is not the barbeque place in Philly in my opinion and here's why.
Returning to Philadelphia in the summer, I'm thinking barbeque would be an apt meal to get together with friends.  And Fette Sau is totally cool looking ... most cities would love to have such a cool-looking atmospheric barbeque hangout.  And another plus is that the staff are friendly ... and helpful in explaining the system of ordering at the various stations.  
But I wasn't blown over at all by the meats.  The meats were of good quality but I def don't like the flavor that much in comparison to other spots in Philadelphia.  The coffee rub used is just a turnoff and the sauces provided not that much tastier to me.  The spicy one was not spicy and had a really odd flavor.  Then you get to the sides of which most of us (eight people) didn't find any of them tasty or memorable.  The broccoli had little flavor as did the potato salad.  (I had just come back from eating Austrian potato salad in Vienna - there's no comparison - Austrian potato salad rules!). The best of the sides were the baked beans.  Desert was also limited without much of an impression.
Now for the price - for all this mediocrity, you pay a tremendous amount.  Believe me the costs add up at the different stations.  To me the best value was a decent beer selection and a very good choice of whiskeys.  And of course the atmosphere is fine.
But I won't be hanging out here ... nor will my friends who were there with me.  We all felt we had had much better bbq at less cost in Philly.This place is great. The cocktails are unique and the bartenders are knowledgeable. They have a massive selection of whiskey and gin, so be sure to ask the bartenders recommendation based on your preferences. 
The food is served cafeteria stylish. You wait in line, pick our what you want, pay, then sit down at one of the many tables.
A bonus: they have great homemade "hot" and "sweet" sauceThis place is a great addition to the neighborhood.  The focus on good whiskey and barbecued meats is admirable.  I've heard mixed reviews about this place, and I think that's because if you go solo, you're missing out.  This place is meant to be enjoyed with and as a group. Get 4-10 people together, order a bit of everything, and share it all.  When I did that, everyone ate dinner for less that $10 each.  
My own personal highlight is the pork fat.  Perfect amounts of fat and meat meld together in this delicious dish.I don't have enough awesome things to say about this place! 
I've actually visited twice in the last two weeks, once with family and once with friends. We had a great experience both times. The staff is so friendly and the food is phenomenal. For two people, we usually order a 1/2 pound of 2 or 3 of our favorite meats and 1 large side or 2 small ones, our faves include the baked beans and mac n cheese  (double this if you're going to have a party of 4). I love the seating here, the big picnic tables outside and the fun random chairs surrounding the tables inside. And after you get to your table, you have a variety of sauces to slather onto your meat, yum!
It can get crowded and loud sometimes, but not every time. Try to plan your visit with some extra time, just in case there is a line. 
My only personal disappointment is that I haven't been able to make it up there for happy hour yet! The menu looks fab, and we are constantly trying to plan to be there on time!We came here on a Friday night clueless on what to expect.  Funny enough, we didn't even know this place would have BBQ!  Being from the south, I have yet to find a good place to get some BBQ. We started our night with a beer, which was served in a mason jar.  They stole my heart!  This was super cool. Don't be fooled by all their sizes. You don't save any money on getting a larger beer until you REALLY jump in size.  So decide, do you want a big beer to look cool and it get warm easily or a smaller beer that you can easily drink and grab another option quickly?  
We decided to also indulge in a sausage.  Once again, surprisingly delicious.  The sauces on the table are a hit and miss. I'm pretty anxious to come back and truly get a meal at this joint. 
Overall, a cool place with good beers and food!3/5 stars given since I did order take out. I would have given 2 stars if the food tasted the same in the restaurant. I wasn't impressed at all. Not a fan of the potato salad and the vinegar sauce for the meat was actually quite disgusting. Pulled pork didn't really seem pulled and was fatty. Also didn't receive extra sauce despite being charged for them.Showed up in time for happy hour - $5 Old Fashions!  No reason not to make it a double at that price, so I did.  And then had another.  Can't recall the meal but seem to think it was delicious.stopped in for dinner, place was busy. happy hour beers half price-always a positive. Staff was very nice. I ordered 1/2 lb ribs, 1/2 lb brisket, broccoli salad and burnt ends sandwich then pecan pie for dessert. burnet end sandwich was not burnt ends just shavings from brisket. brisket was not ended and both had no smoke flavor at all, severly disappointed. ribs were not tender, were actually tough with silver skin still on them and again no smoke flavor. broccoli for broccoli salad was not crisp but mushy. pecan pie was the only gd thing.Best thing about the restaurant is the outdoor seating.  Brisket fatty and bland.  Food very expensive and sides nothing to write home about.  Will stick with my local BBQ # Baracoa -- much better in every wayGood bbq place! Very active place, so if you're wanting a place for a serious conversation, stay home 
Ordered spicy sausage link, one short rib, side of Mac and cheese, and corn muffin. My eyes were bigger than my stomach and had to share with a friend. Honestly, I would've been on with just a sausage link and Mac and cheese - which I highly suggest drenching in spicy sauce because it's smoky and delicious and why not (stop judging me ).
Recommend to wash it down with the mango whiskey punch!Very good brisket.  Everything else was just okay: ribs, mac &a cheese, collards, potato bun, pickles.  Sauces on the table were very good but I expected the spicy to be spicier.  Beer selection on draft was decent.  Not cheap, but also not particularly expensive.  They ran out of several things by like 930pm, too - which is annoying for a place that serves food until midnight.  I liked it, I just didn't think it was worth the money or the wait.Very good meats and like everyone says a bit pricey. Try to avoid over ordering, you can always go back for more. 
The baked beans and jalapeno mac cheese were AMAZING!Big one: I'm really into saurkraut. I make it, eat it on the daily, swear by it. Yours is really sub-par. So disappointing. I want to come again, and have more great meat, with more saurkraut, but I may have to sneak in my own next time. You source yours from Brooklyn, but you must know ... Philly has our own great saurkraut makers. Think Food and Ferments, Cobblestone Krautery (the most local), and Lancaster Farm Fresh.
Love the ambiance, and the BBQ is good, the meat is great quality, though the prices are steep and the lines are long (and confusing to navigate on your first try, but I guess that's part of the charm?). A good add to Frankford Ave, overall!Good premise with ordering your food at the walk-up counter and having the BBQ meats sliced and served on a tray before your eyes, however, it is a terrible idea if you have 40 people waiting in line with two slicers and one open register.  A great idea, but seems to fall flat if you don't have the adequate amount of staff to serve a dinner or lunch rush at your restaurant.
Overall, the food was good and very fresh.  Tried a number of sides and meats there.  Tried the beef ribs and half-chicken, potato salad, half sour pickles, baked beans, and the roasted mushrooms.  The beef ribs were a little fatty (as expected), chicken had good moisture and smokiness, but the roasted mushrooms were the star of the show.  They were excellent and would get me to come back to the restaurant.
Try this place out if you have a spare 45 minutes to wait in line...Long line while waiting for service- cafeteria style. The awkward layout of the food prep/heated stainless container area(s)-- as well as a need to stop and exactly weigh each portion -makes the process of getting served rather strange and unnecessarily slow. 
Whoever designed this area needs a course in ergonomics, stat! 
Never before have I seen restaurant staffers perform such Olympic-level food prep gymnastics. 
(If I were an Judge at the Olympics:Rib dude a 6- Smilin' girl at the "weigh station" - a  9).
You go, weigh station girl! 
It was painful- ya' know? - Like watching a leftie pre-schooler use right handed scissors. 
My server empathy was on overdrive.
BUT
Once you get your food- head over to the bar for some great beers on tap.
I agree with some of the other comments about higher than expected price, lackluster sides, etc.... So we went with the obvious- at Happy hour, we had burnt the end sandwich- YUM!- (only 5 smackers) and 1/2 priced beer. Additionally, (and most importantly) the full serving of St Louis? ribs fed us both and was delicious. Keep in mind that, although the food prices are slightly higher than one would expect, there are some obvious savings from it not being table service (20% tip, etc). 
Great music too.
There are times when you only really want ribs, blues and beer.
For those moments- this is your spot.
Grab a paper towel and dig in.fantastic place.  nice open seating, friendly staff.
the pork ribs and pulled pork were amazing.  the broccoli salad had a nice acidic bite to it and the roasted mushrooms were savory and flavorful.  the keylime pie was just the right tart and the brownie was moist and rich.
dig in and bust out the wet naps!Probably the best barbecue I've ever had! Such a cool place too. Staff there is always greatI hadn't planned to end up here tonight but nonetheless, after a full day of walking around the city, one of my friends suggested we come in for drinks. What an experience! The decor is equal parts backyard, front porch, and hunting lodge. The drink menu, specifically the whiskey selection, was expansive. After two hours of sipping I finally had enough of fighting the delicious smells coming from the kitchen, so I ordered 1/2lb of pulled pork and a few ribs to split with a friend. The pork was moist and flavorful, and the ribs were well-seasoned and fell off the bone. Really the only disappointment was the sauce selection - the hot sauce wasn't particularly hot, and the sweet sauce left us wanting a little more. I found that adding some vinegar to the sweet sauce put it right where it needed to be. Had the bacon brownie for dessert - the bacon added some texture and a little flavor but it wasn't overpowering.
Location is great - just around the corner from the Girard stop on the El - so between the good food and accessible location, I'll definitely be back.Awesome spot for BBQ. The brisket is unreal. Whiskey flows, BBQ sauce pours. Great spot for the pre-night out meal.this is another quality establishment in the stephen starr empire.  its located right next to frankford hall in fishtown.
they do a great job of creating an experience.  the inside has a very cool feel to it.  you can tell they took lots of time and did lots of research on every detail.  you approach the meat counter and everything is cut to order.  all meat is sold by the pound and the sides are available in different sizes.  the flank steak and baked beans were particularly good.  seating was plentiful and each table was stocked with 3 different types of bbq sauce.
they also have a bar with an extensive selection of whiskeys.This place now is my favorite BBQ spot. The food was excellent in everyway shape and possible. Thank you thank you ill be back and I'm spreading the word on this location. Me and the misses are so full and in joy from the food we get from here. The place is played back and friendly love it. Keep up the good work. It's to bad I can only rate you a 5 cause you are all a 10+ in my book.We first ate at Fette Sau with a small group of co workers, and I thought it was a perfect casual eatery for small groups!  It's open, modern and little funky but the food & craft beer is the star here. 
Fishtown has recently had a resurgence of art, food and drink and this is a great example of it.  As soon as you enter the front door you see a huge bar with local craft selections, as you move thru the dinning area its open and modern....we always sit outside in the courtyard area where there's a causal cool ambience.  There is an order window just for food, mostly german inspired small plates.  The burgers are fresh, and the menu is creative, I can't say enough good things about this place EXCEPT the parking can be tough.Came here with the family late afternoon yesterday mostly because of the Craig LaBan review from the Inquirer.  I also read the Yelp reviews which were mostly positive.  I wanted to try some great BBQ and my birthday was right around the corner along with my anniversary a few days ago, it seemed like a good place to come.  The kids were supposed to be at home with the sitter, but she bailed and we ended up with them.
Fette Sau is in a wonderful industrial like setting with exposed beams.  You line up cafeteria style and order by the pound for meats and then sides.  They come on a metal tray with some brown paper.  You can then try and get your picnic table (on a 5PM Friday we did not have to wait too long but it was very crowded by 6PM).  Alcoholic drinks are at another station, and you get your own silverware and plates near the entrance.  Sauces and napkins (paper towels) are at your table.
We decided to buy a lot of different things, and then take home what was left over.  1 lb each of the St. Louis Ribs, pork belly, Black Angus Beef Short Ribs, and Pulled Pork.  1/2 chicken, and sides of mushrooms, sauerkraut, coleslaw, baked beans, and potato salad.  The meats are sold by the pound, the sides come in small or large (and the difference is not that much.) 
"Why is everything burnt?" my kids were asking and had to be told, "It's not burnt; it's blackened."  
 For the meats, everything was a winner except for the Short Ribs (but the leftovers were great with my eggs the next morning!)  My son loved the chicken, my daughter really liked the St. Louis ribs, and my wife liked the pulled pork.  I liked it all especially the pork belly.  The blackened meats were not a turn-off, and had decent seasoning on them all.  There was a vinegar sauce which we did not try, a sweet which my wife really liked, and a spicy which was a gorgeous dark thick sauce with some nice heat to it.  The sauces really perked up some great meats.
For the sides, the mushrooms were out of this world, sauerkraut was nice and crunchy, baked beans had a peculiar flavor but we liked them anyway, and the coleslaw was a loser.  It was made with red cabbage and was too sour to be liked.  The potato salad I was the only one who really liked it as the rest of my family thought it had too much mustard taste to it.  I liked the huge chunks of potatoes and did not mind the mustardiness.
For drinks, the self-serve water had too small of plastic cups.  They had plenty of beer on tap, but none of that Coors or Miller or Bud crap which my wife likes.  She had to go with the lightest beer they had which was a pillsner and she was not too fond of it.  I got an awesome Jacks Cider.  I went back later for a cocktail of a lemonade which had whiskey in it.  Wife hated it; I liked it.  They have a lot of different whiskey to purchase.
For dessert, we got two bacon brownies.  They pretty much make bacon and cut it up and put it in the brownie mix.  The brownies we got were not spongy, but a little too hard and although you could see bacon pieces, I don't know if you got the bacon flavor.  I think we should have went for the key-lime pie.
As a bonus, the head chef was out and about and I asked to see the kitchen.  He showed me, and it consists of two $30,000 machines which do the grilling, and a couple of flash ovens.  Even the chef "apologized" for not being too much to look at, but as I said it still makes awesome, kick ass food.
With drinks, desserts, taxes, tips, our meal for the four of us (with plenty of leftovers) came to about $160.If you are not afraid to dig in and get your hands dirty then this place is a GREAT date spot! The atmosphere is trendy and artsy.The bar was so cool! It is a little confusing at first when you order because you have to order at a counter rather than have a waiter/waitress come up to you. However, everyone was really friendly and helped us out. The ribs are a MUST, they were so beyond good I am still craving them. The brisket was also good but I love my ribs. It was my first time at a bbq spot & it will definetly not be my last. Definetly recommend fette sau, if your into trying new things or looking for a different kind of date night.
Follow @tastytableswitht on instagram for great restaurant dishes!I loved the space, the concept, the communal tables, the outdoor heat lamps but the food left something to be desired. 
I did not like any of the three BBQ sauce options. I really actually hated one of them. And that's hard to do to a sauce lover like myself. The meats also were a 3/5 for BBQ standards. The ribs were no good and I heard the same about the brisket. The chicken, sausage and pulled pork were all fine. The pulled pork was really enhanced by the vinegar sauce.
I think that I might like it more as drunk food so perhaps I'll put this on the end-of-the-night list in the future. In fact, that's the reason why I didn't give it a 2.  Maybe they should consider staying open past 12 on Fridays and Saturdays.Looking forward to checking out some fishtown beer garden, and Fette Sau left us very disappointed. The meat was extremely overpriced for what it was, and the ribs still had a very thick silver skin on the bottom. Usually this breaks down while cooking, but instead became tough. The ribs were over cooked and tough, so would not recommend at $6 a pop. 
The sides were nothing to write home about. While the Mac and cheese was just like your grandmothers recipe, the "spicy slaw" should have been labeled "spicy pickled slaw". The taste was extremely over powering and didn't compliment the meat. 
Drinks took forever to order and then we were left with the most hipster of hipster mason jar pint glasses. 
The outdoor ambiance was really nice however, with string lights and picnic tables. I would recommend Frankford hall which is around the corner instead though!Their meat is soooo good. But I'm not sure it justified my FOURTY-FIVE minutr wait in line. I can eat faster at a sit down restaurant  and the line was not out the door. I seriously don't get how it took that long.Ok, I would love to give this place a solid 5 stars, because the ribs just blew me away with their fantastic-ness (and I'm from NC, aka BBQ south). But the prices are ridiculously expensive ($5.50 per a single rib - make no mistake, not a rack. Aka $11 for two pieces of rib). Yep, you read that correctly.
Maybe they have on/off days based on the mixed reviews, but my order (via delivery) tasted incredible:
+ St. Louis ribs - the ribs in particular were just divine - rich in flavor, tender and not dry at all, perfectly crisped/charred outer skin, big bones & helping of meat on each rib. The smoked taste came through prominently but didn't overwhelm the delicious rib meat. On top of that, you can see the quality and artistry that went into butchering/prepping.
+ Burnt end baked beans - super flavorful, rich/caramelized flavor with a little bit of meat. Also A+
+ Bourbon pecan pie ($4) - good old-fashioned pecan pie. Can't really go wrong.
...the caveat is the PRICE, as mentioned. Ribs come w/ some equally amazing sauce and  decent rolls, but when I received my delivery I thought they had made a mistake when I unwrapped 2 paltry ribs for $11. Nope. Likewise for the other meats here I imagine. And it's especially astonishing, given how cheap and plentiful good BBQ is outside the state, granted maybe not as tasty by a margin. 
So as much as the food here amazed me, I can't really give it 5/5. I used a coupon via the new delivery service (UberEats, use eats-dianax for $10 off) so my meal ended up being ~$11, but as much as I'd like to have a taste of those ribs/beans again, my wallet would hate me.I rarely give 5 star but this place deserves it. The manager looking girl (brown hair, cute face) walks around asking everyone how their meal is, and checks if everything is great. The guy there also recognizes us and says "to go?" cause he knows we like to bring it home! they are very real people, real service, food is.... FABULOUS! go for happy hour, totally worth it- and their beer selection is great too! we probably go here once a week, we're totally having a heart attack by the age of 30 lol totally worth it!!!Bar review - Expensive, yes (potentially very), but a fantastic selection of whiskeys.  If you're just aiming to chill with a drink in hand for a short time, this can be a great stop.  I've hit up about 20 of their whiskeys so far, and while they get pricey, if you're willing to go splurge for a flight or two with a friend, you'll receive good service and a great liquor.
Most of my trips have been during off-times (i.e. not Fri/Sat 6-10pm), and I've found the bar staff to be HIGHLY knowledgeable about the various whiskeys, bourbons, and ryes, and have had a very good time naming a price and letting them decide which palate route I should go.  I only ever liked myself some Jameson or Jim Beam, but about 3 months of these guys and I'm a right snob!
Also, bears mentioning: GIANT ICE CUBES.  Like, big as your fist.  It's neither here nor there, but you'll see them and  be like "oh yea, I get what that guy was saying now".Pretty good BBQ and good selection of beer and whisky. Very rustic environment with good music. Not crazy about the cafeteria style trays. Price was pretty high, I guess because it is a trendy restaurant. I would give it another try to see if I liked it.Because the 192nd review of a place is really going to change your mind. I enjoyed it immensely and visited on a Sunday afternoon around 5pm, when it was not very crowded.  We enjoyed our visit and our food.The BBQ here is great - and dont be fooled by the menu, its not too expensive. I was just there and we feed three adults and a teenager for just under $100. And that included drinks for the adults.
When we went to the counter and the server was super nice and offered to give us a little bit of everything - he was spot on. We cleaned up every morsel and left stuffed.
I really loved the brisket and the ribs. My son was making pulled pork sammies with the spicy coleslaw. The chicken legs were good to. We had some potato salad and it was a vinegar based - I liked it a lot but no one else was digging it.
I was worried about the format since you have to order then find a table but we were in and out - and happy - in perfect time. No waiting for ever for some server to come by which was a nice change of pace.
Cant wait to go back.Legitimate Texas style BBQ and cheaper than a trip to Lockhart (but just barely).
I could be picky in a more detailed comparison but I won't because I'm happy to have a place that reminds me of Smitty's, only 45 minutes away from my home. I do have to take off 1 star for the slaw with the odd mix of mayo and sesame oil (am I tasting it right?), and the lack of raw onion and pickled jalapenos - which as every texas bbq lover knows, are required accompaniments.Order by the pound and chow down. This place is quite lovely if you are a meat enthusiast like myself. Has a real down home back yard bbq feel without the grass and dogs trying to eat the food on your plate. Not to mention Uncle Hank who later got put in jail for things we don't like to talk about that happened with one of the local neighborhood sheep. 
If you're in Philly you really do need to check this place out especially if you like BBQ, or even grape soda for that matter, yeah, they have grape soda, and it's seriously delicious. 
The meat on the ribs slid right of the bone, it was as soft and supple as a girl's bosom pre moving to LA and getting plastic surgery. The beans had little chunks of animal flesh in them as well, now that's some good beans. 
If I'm ever in Philly again you can bet your corn cob wooden leg I'll be going back to this place.This place is AMAZING. I wouldn't come here if you're a vegetarian, seeing as they primarily serve meat, but if you're a meat lover you're in luck. You order the meat you want by weight and carry it to a own wooden bench/long table. The people behind the counter know a lot about what they were doing and were able to answer any question I had. My friends and I had never been, so we got a little of everything, and it was all divine. I'd have to say my favorite was either the pulled pork sandwich or the short ribs. 
The sides are all pretty awesome too. Although the coleslaw and baked beans were especially good.My friend and I both ate here and got the ribs and Mac n cheese. Both of us were so sick after eating here, definitely will not be back. The high price we paid for our meal was not worth it. We were both excited to try this place too because it looks very cool and has a great atmosphere, too bad!My family and I went to Fette Sau last eveing and had a delicious meal!  
Chicken was moist and the skin was cooked just right.  The dry rub on the ribs was tasty without being overpowering - meat was moist and flavorful .  The beans w/burnt ends was yummy. 
I thought the staff were patient (our first time) and informative about how to order. 
Overall, we had a great time sitting outside on a warm summer night, eating a delicious meal.This place is awesome! Out with my buddies on Sunday funday and stopped here to grab grub. This is the first time I was here so I didn't know what to expect. There is an assortment of meats to choose from among many sides and a decent bar. I ordered the pork belly sandwich and baked beans with burnt ends. The pork belly sandwich was great but the baked beans were out of this world. The burnt ends make it amazing. I've been craving the beans ever since. The atmosphere is rugged and cool. It works. I highly recommend for good BBQ. I used to live in Florida and this place rivals the best down there.My favorite place in all of Philly! The ambience is fun and it is a great place to have a filling meal and a cold beer. You can't go wrong with anything, but the brisket and potato salad are my favorites!Awesome! Nothing like it.This was my first time here. It has such a relaxed atmosphere. It was busy but easy to hold a conversation without having to shout. The food was great. Best brisket I've had outside of Kansas City...and the chef who carved our portions for us was very helpful in guiding us towards the right portions for the amount of food we wanted to try (as the menu prices are by the pound) Definitely try the brisket, italian sausage and roast chickenI like barbecue...most people do. I wouldn't say it's my favorite cuisine in the world but sometimes you just want to go back to your caveman roots and tear apart some flesh! 
That said, I lived across from Fette Sau for 4 months, literally across the street, and I always thought it was closed as the front courtyard was always empty. But finally, it dawned on me that they do have (a rather huge) interior building as well. So my bf and I stopped him after he raved about his man brunch there with his brother and father the week prior. 
We got the brisket, pulled pork, and some other juicy, meaty joy. We rounded it out with some potato salad (which was BOMB), and cole slaw (also bomb). The meat was good; the spicy sauce and vinegar definitely kicked it up a notch. We also had the bacon brownie, which was good but I wouldn't write home about it. 
So if I'm so not enthused by the food, why 4 stars? Simple--COCKTAILS!! I was not expecting a hidden BBQ joint to have my favorite drinks in Fishtown but it does! We had the Fishtown Ryatt, and whatever the one named after Columbia Ave. First, clever drink names, great homage to Fishtown. Secondly, WOW, perfectly balanced, multi-faceted bourbon cocktails! What an art form! Our bartender was less than happy to be there but gave us some good advice on an upcoming trip to New Orleans. Thirdly, love the rusty butcher knife tap handles and the killer bourbon selection!!
Allllll I can say is that I can't wait til spring and summer, because this will be the perfect place to grab a drink outside at one of their picnic tables!Fette sau means fat pig in German, I am German so we gave it a try before heading to Frankford hall. The BBQ is delicious and same for the drinks specials at happy hour. On sunny day go here and stay in the beer garden.The food is great, especially in Philadelphia where BBQ is not very common. The smokiness can make the meat a bit dry sometimes (and it's dry rub) but still tasty. What really brought the score down though, was the price. It's on the expensive side if you want to be full.This place would get 5 stars, but the cashier overcharged me.  The beef brisket and collard greens stood out for flavor.  The corn muffin had a buttery flavor, and did not need any more.  The spicy slaw was good.Best BBQ joint in philly. Great environment. Great food. Great drinks. You can't go wrong with anything. My recommendation​ is to try a bit of everything.This BBQ restaurant is beautifully designed.  When you approach it appears as if you are entering a tin roof roadside shack with an appealing burning wood and smokey meat smell.  The inside is welcoming and the layout is communal with long tables and self service counter to order.  The whiskey list is plentiful and the beer list was perfect.  The bartender, Jessica, was personable and hospitable, an overall pleasure to be around.  We went with a large party and ordered a lot of meat.  2 lbs of brisket, pulled pork, full rack of ribs, 2 chickens, pork belly, beans, slaw, potato rolls, etc.  The brisket was a bit fatty for some of our tastes, but overall the bbq was excellent and we killed it off.  The ribs and chicken were superb and the sides were very good.  Also, like the location near Frankford Hall, Johnny Brendas and Barcade.  Lots to do after you chow down.Great BBQ, large space, excellent service. A worthy counterpart to the original Brooklyn shop.
Worth the giant line that you may be faced with. If there is no such line, step in and get yourself some delicious meat, then high five your soul for enriching your life with such little effort.Fette Sau is probably my second favorite Happy Hour spot in Fishtown. The $5 Manhattans can't be beat. Also, all of the draft beer is 1/2 price. The food is good, especially the burnt end sandwich. Outside of happy hour though, things get really expensive, really fast. Especially if you are ordering the ribs and brisket by the pound.The meat is underwhelming, especially when price is factored in. The ribs are good. They're pretty tender. The pulled pork is outrageously priced, and not as good as many road side stands that are less than half the price. Chicken is dry and very small. The sides are horrible.
There is one saving grace for this place and that is the mushrooms. They are amazing. Some of the best mushrooms I've ever had. 
Other than that, it's typical Stephen Starr. Overpriced, mediocre food. Great ambiance.Apparently, my husband is on a quest to try every barbecue spot east of the Mississippi. Fette Sau did not disappoint. We went on a busy Saturday evening and there was a line out the door. I like the cafeteria style casualness of the place but the food is anything but. Everything is a la carte, so my husband and I got a sampling of ribs, brisket, baked beans, and potato salad. All of the meat was moist and flavorful and the barbecue sauce was nice and tangy. The beans were especially tasty and the potato salad was also good. It's open seating at picnic tables, but the manager was very attentive and pointed out a table that was about to open up. I'll definitely have to make a repeat trip to Fette Sau when I need my bbq fix.Over-rated,  over-hyped and worst of way over priced! 
The food is good,  but not great. 
The atmosphere is "yard-sale-hipster-chic" 
For the amount it costs to eat and drink here I shouldn't have to serve myself and sit on crappy used furniture!This is my favorite BBQ in the neighborhood. Is good to go by yourself, also for a casual date. Food is very tasty. Love the pork and sweet potatoes. I love their BBQ sauce. I cannot say the same about their spicy one.The food, service  and ambiance was superb!  
It reminded me of back home in Brooklyn at Homestyle in Red Bank.