was on a mission to go to a hookah bar after coming home from the navy, after calling countless places ended up at fez great service friendy people. came here on two occasions to smoke hookah. first night great service super friendly and everything loved the waiter. helped me with everything me and my friends needed. second time on the other hand was horrible. I called ahead of time and asked them what time they were closing they replied 1130 but they kicked me and friends out at 11. we also asked if they mind if we bring in alcohol (byob) they said its fine even if they have a bar. after we brought some in they told us to take it out or we have to leave. that was my experience .I went to Fez with my family and we were pretty excited to eat some good Moroccon food! However, it was a horrible experience.
1) food was below average.
2) overpriced for very small portions
3) slow service
4) I was surprised for the price they didn't even serve  free pita/ appetizer or Moroccan tea/coffee 
 The only good thing was the ambience and that's it! 
Wouldn't recommend it and wouldn't go back!Came down from Jersey after seeing the Dan Band perform, which was phenomenal! We got the urge to order a hookah with a liquor option. Walked over to Fez.. no one attended us at first so we sat down at the couch area. The place was dead for 10pm Friday. 
The attendant came and said let me seat you someplace else. I asked to keep the seat I was already at. He said we couldn't, so I told him to speak to whomever to get the approval. The guy came out and ask what's the problem. I said hey boss, your place is dead and we'd like to sit at the large couch area. He said they can't because that's for parties of 8. I said I understand, but there was no one in your store and if that big party ever came, we would move. Their answer: no we can't. 
I said no problem, packed my things and was ready to walk out. The guy asked are you really leaving? I said bro, no one is here. The place is dead. What do I have to do? Order a bottle? He said no again.. so.. went to a better spot! Saqqara Hookah bear broad across from City Diner! So much better staff! No young deutche bags trying to show how much more testosterone they have.
Saqqara had great fast hookah service, really really great food and best part, was their service. They actually made the effort to cater to their guest. 
Fez.. you are the old 2017. Do better 2018! Saqqara, keep up the great work! You'll squash the competition in no time!It's at least something to do once in your life.  Order the Family Feast with a large group of friends.  Be prepared to eat with your hands.  There is more food than I could handle!  The place gets less Moroccan and more like a younger American Hip Hop club in the later hours.  (A bouncer does a very detailed pat down).  The belly dancer performances are spread out just enough so you can have lively conversation with your friends.Fun and festive! Visited twice, once on a Friday and the next time on a Saturday and both times i was treated to a super enjoyable fun night! I enjoyed the vegetarian feast both nights and the feast was a little different on each occasion. The setting was beautiful and comfy, with morrocan lighting and comfy couches. After traditional hand washing, i indulged in seven delicious courses and several fruity cocktails. Music started and the belly dancer entertained while my party moved on to hookah! Truly a fantastic night!I went to Fez on a Thursday night.  The vibe and the environment was cozy.  The service was decent but the food was very mediocre, the portions were small and the price was expensive for the food served.  I would have given them 2 1/2 stars but the Yelp app won't allow me todo half stars.  Don't waste your money.Hookah was amazing. Atmosphere was very nice. I will not be going to any other hookah.Good food and reasonable prices. I've been with 2 large groups of about 10, and a trio. All were comfortably and quickly seated. The seafood bastilla and mint tea were easily the best part for the meal. The decor is cozy, if a bit cheesy. It feels like walking into a hideaway of some 50's movie about the desert, more than a slice of Moroccan culture. Unfortunately, I've yet to go on a night with belly dancers.that the place was cold (no heat) and empty should have been a warning sign: don't eat here.
very expensive, almost no food served, very unsatisfying
the mint tea is watered down
the portions are almost non-existant
no plates, no opportunity to wash hands but you gave to eat with your fingers
terrible place, avoid!Vegetarians beware! I went to Fez last night with my husband and two of our friends. Our friends ordered the 8-course meat feast, and my husband and I got the vegetarian feast (we're strict vegetarians, and for me, it's a serious ethical/moral issue). They brought us the bastilla (a pastry filled with egg and cinnamon - one with chicken, one without), and halfway through our course, I realized that the bastilla the waiter labeled as vegetarian actually had little bits of chicken in it. Not okay. Then, they took away my husband's drink before he was finished with it (he wasn't looking and didn't notice - but it still was about 1/3 full). The service was terrible - we had to ask for bread three times before anyone brought us any, and the waiter was very inattentive. My friend decided we'd had enough and asked to just pay for the portion of the feast that we'd already eaten. They gave him a hard time but finally complied. SO not worth what we'd paid. It's a shame- I used to love this place, but I won't be going back. The last time we were there with friends, we each had maybe 1 drink each (6 people), and they put SIXTEEN drinks on our bill - yes, 10 drinks more than what we'd consumed - and tried to tell us we were too drunk to remember what we'd had. It seems like a lot of other Yelp reviewers have had similar experiences with fishy charges being added to the bill, so if you do go (I don't recommend it!), make sure you check your bill very carefully.Can't recommend this place.  Went with a group of 7. They were unorganized and really seemed to have a ton of trouble getting it together to even take our order. 
The place is very dark and even in the dark we could see how dirty it was. There was a leak from the ceiling causing the couch like seat we were seated at to become soaked. The staff didn't want to move us. They gave us towels to sit on..the towels didn't work so we moved ourselves. We really shouldn't have stayed, but we were really looking forward to the Moroccan experience. I don't think we got it.  The drinks were brought out in plastic cups. The food was subpar and the service was awful.Their whole chicken is to die for!!!! The place looks so Moroccan inside, it was really fun to eat there. It felt weird to leave because one second you're in Morocco and the next your on South Street in Philly. Don't get their mint tea, compared to real Moroccan mint tea, it's disgustingThe best Saturday night I have had in a long time! Service was great, music on demand- danced our lives out. Hookah was great along with exceptional service. Belly dancer was really good and sort of set the mood for the night. Wish she stayed longer.Had to review this place after going for a friend's birthday and having the cous-cous. I've been to Morocco  (best friend is Moroccan) and the cous-cous tasted JUST like her grandmother's. It was moist (sometimes you find it too dry) - The half a chicken was also very delicious. We went on a Tuesday and it was slow so it was a great place for a party of 10 during the week. Good service, highly recommend.At first, Fez feels shady. The whole place is draped in fabrics, there aren't a lot of windows, it's very dark and smokey, and there are even some people at the back laying all over each other. That aside, the place is sort of fun and the service is very nice.
We went to Fez because of the HORRENDOUS service we got at Byblos. My friend was on a hookah mission so we drove across the city to come here. I'd probably say this place isn't my usual scene but was an interesting change of pace. The belly dancer was really cool (I'll echo a previous review that mentions it does feel a bit weird to tip the dancer as if she's a stripper, but you should definitely tip her. It's very authentic and cool).
We had a white peach hookah, I a glass of pinot noir, and my friend had a cup of moroccan mint tea. The tea was very sweet and she got it unsweetened for the next cup. We didn't eat here so I can't comment on that.
Overall good experience.This place is great. You walk in and it's like the set of an Arabian nights movie. The hookah is great, try the stuff you haven't before because they make for the best stories. They good is also great. They only trap is that this place is pricey. I took a date out and we had one flavored hookah and two shots. The bill came up to $60 lol. So over priced but the place is nice. I will not be back unfortunately because at $60 per session, I might as well buy my own hookah and tip myself. Nice but not that niceBeing from the city of Fez in Morocco this place felt very close to home the hookah was great the Bastella was good but the music and the tent atmosphere is what brought me back home love it and will go again when I'm back in philly!Terrible service, everything says reservations then when we made them online they told us no reservation. Told us to wait 15 mins and it's been 45Similar thoughts as my review on Marrakesh. The atomosphere, the courses served were all very similar. To me, the restaurants were substitutable. Plus: the bellydancers were much better looking, if you're into that. Plus: The falafel course instead of lentils at Marrakesh was a better choice. But still the vegetarian option is not as worth it as the meat option.Had a ball for my birtday..the food in my opinion was not all that great for the price, but the atmosphere the hooka was great.Worst service, food and prices possible. I have never written a review before but I just could not let this one go by. I made a reservation here for my birthday. My friends and I arrived there and were kept standing by the door for a half hour. The place seemed full and there was no place for us to be seated. Not sure what the point of making the reservation was...aren't they supposed to hold a table for us??? After repeated requests to seat us we were taken to a dimly lit backroom by a service restroom. 
Service was slow and the waiter took his time to come and take our orders. We had to ask several times for a performance by the belly dancer before she came and did a cursory performance. The worst part of everything was the food which ranged from completely bland to inedible.I just could not understand the combination of a sweet pie with almonds and chicken with powdered sugar and then lamb with honey on top. Even thinking about the food from last night makes me want to throw up. "Desert" was bananas, apples and oranges in a basket with a knife to cut it ourselves!!!! After sitting through the worst possible service and food, we were stuck with a bill of $520 for 8 people which included an $80 tip!! I would recommend everyone to stay as far away as possible from this place.Simply amazing. Went there and was surprised by a group of friends for my bday...def best for groups! The food, the vegetarian meal was awesome ! A little on the expensive side but I'm a college student so it depends! Had a great time with great companyWorst place in philly for hookah and drinks.. Pathetic service..we waited for 30 mins to get out order placed even placed was not packed.. Beer was not chilled and servers were rude..YO, This place is SHIT! I walked in, HUNGRY and as a fellow middle eastern Man, I loved the decor...Until I got served by a chick who didn't know what PAAN RASS AND OR PAAN ANYTHING WAS, I swear looks can be deceiving, anyway back to my point, I'm walking in here HUNGRY and as soon as I sat down I ordered, Now idk if they were killing the damn Lamb or not, but I had to wait 1 HOUR for my food, and 20 min for my damn tea, Really? This is how you treat people? As I was ready to spend a little over 100.00 on the food and Hookah, which btw, NEVER came out, it's all good. And here's a fun fact, I walked right out, and the owner got the balls to tell me about the tea? And Hookah? FOOL! I was hungry and you knew that shit, how the hell do you forget my order? But it's all good, tend to the large groups and forget about the small couples. FUN FACT- I noticed the majority of bad reviews are from my fellow brown people, Respect. Nice to know I'm not the only person who thinks his culture is being white washed to shit. I smell Brown on Brown Crime!So went to this restaurant last night with a group of friends. It was a Sat night and every restaurant in the city is crowded but that is the whole point of making a reservation. We were kept waiting for almost 1/2 hr in spite of a resv. The service was terrible. We were in a group of 6+ people therefore the waiter didn't feel like putting his best effort. We literally took turns to get up and go look for the waiter because we got tired of waiting for our food/drinks/hookah/belly dancer. We were sitting in a back room which one would consider nice to have some privacy but we felt more ignored than special. 
Their cocktails were WEAK and $$$. This was my first experience for Moroccan food but from the reviews I have heard from my friends it is not supposed to be this bland. It majorly lacked taste. The bread that was served was not thawed well..it was frozen at the center. 
Pros - hookah, belly dancer
Cons - inattentive service, expensive, food was to bland.
I would not recommend this restaurant to anyone..I really adore this place if it weren't for the ridiculous prices and small portions. The atmosphere is great and filled with Arabic music. I love the seating and the layout of everything which gives it a strong Middle Eastern vibe. The service is not so great because they do not check up on you at all. You have to call them over if you need anything. Also, the hookah is way overpriced for $25...though it is delicious. I haven't eaten there before but I have seen what my friends have ordered and they barely give any food and charge way too much. Another downer is that there's only people there on weekends. On weekdays it is completely empty. 
Oh how could I forget? I love that there's a belly dancer, though they could find better. I'd only come to this place again if I had a lot moola and didn't mind spending it.My friends and I went there as a large group (8 people) and made a reservation thinking we would need one for 7pm on a Friday night. It turns out the place was almost empty so we had no need to worry.
We ordered the demanded pre-fixe seven-course meal and looked forward to the courses. Each was unique (powdered sugar pastry filled with chicken, lamb honey-soaked and encrusted with almonds) but none was surprisingly tasty to the palate. It was a good meal but not the best in the city.
The service was okay - there were many waiters yet we sometimes had no water in our glasses or the dishes started to pile up for a minute or so.
As we left at around 10pm people started to come in for the hookah bar option, which seemed popular for them.I started coming here a little over a year ago after trying a few hookah bars in the city. We would come once every 2 months or so for drinks, appetizers, and hookah. It was truly the best in terms of flavor, smoke, and good food.
Our last two visits have been very disappointing. The staff has been less attentive to coals and drinks and the hookah has gone downhill. Our last hookah was almost flavorless and the couple we were with had issues with lack of smoke due to coals that were not hot enough.
They no longer offer their "a la carte" menu on the weekends, leaving you with the only option of the Moroccan feast. I don't always want a multi course meal with my hookah.
On one occasion we were seated next to the door, which is very uncomfortable and cold in the winter. 
I also prefer to leave here before midnight, when the atmosphere and crowd changes. Before midnight, Moroccan music plays softly in the background and gets louder when the dancers come in. However, after midnight, they play very loud hip hop music that is more appropriate for a club.
They now include a 15% gratuity for hookah.A great place to have a wonderful meal and the service is Outstanding. If you're trying Moroccan food for the first time the Fez Feast takes the guess work out of what you should try. This is just ONE of my favorite places to experience wonderful foods and great service. May you have continued SuccessWell I really wanted to like Fez, and I really tried ! But waiting more than hour for food to come out when ten other people that just walked in and they were immediately served, just IRKS me. My boyfriend and I walked out. The staff did not once ask if we were in need of something, and when we tried to get some sort of assistance, we were completely ignored, all the while the waitress proceeded to flirt with the other set of customers. It is sad I didn't even get to try anything to review it, but I cannot let my fellow yelpers waste their time at this place. My biggest pet peeve here was that a traditionally decorated Moroccan establishment was playing not a single song that had any relevance to the culture. If I wanted to hear fetty wap and Rick Ross I WOULD HAVE GONE TO A GENERIC BAR!!! Not to a place that charges $100 for a meal I won't even get to have and hookah that was made to UNIMPRESS. Zero stars should be given. And to top it all off, the owner comes at us with an attitude for getting up and leaving after waiting so long for service like it was our fault for even coming in.Hey Yelpers, 
I went to Fez with my girls to celebrate a b-day last weekend and we had a blast! I mean, it was a new experience for all but one of us (group of 6) and we were not disappointed. We got the Fez Feast (which, by the way, is the ONLY thing you can order on the weekends) and got accustomed to using our hands to eat pretty quickly. We enjoyed everything except for the veggie couscous..even my two vegetarian friends didn't care for it. The chicken was awesome and I really enjoyed the beef kabobs. 
We went thru two bottles of wine like water and we ended the night with a Fuzzy Navel flavored hookah. Now, none of us smoke but all agreed that it was a great experience. Is going to Fez something I would do on a regular? No. But for a great nite out with my girls..Absolutely! We thought the service was on point..the server was attentive and took the time to explain everything...and the bellydancer became our new homegirl...She'll probably be hangin' with us at the next girls' nite out! Cool chick with great moves!! I think I'll take bellydancin classes now....My husband would concur, lol.Not the best, not the worst. I am not terribly adventurous with my food generally, but I found most everything to be pretty tasty. One big disappointment was the lamb dish we got. I spent time in Australia and had the chance to eat A LOT of lamb, but I also ate a lot of baaaaaaad lamb too - the quality meat here at fez was sub-par. I went with 3 of my friends, when we got into the restaurant we were one of two parties in the whole place. When the belly dancer came around it was awkward - I think I would have enjoyed my dinner more without the entertainment or if there were more people there - I donno. All in all I'd say give it a try for something new but don't expect too much.
oh and PS: I don't smoke my my friends got the rose flavored hookah and still can't shut up about how great it was.Fez, is a great chill out venue!!  Tucked away right off South Street ( I almost want to keep this to myself) .   Anyway, I love the Venue, Moroccan themed, Belly Dancing, and Hookah!  I have yet to eat here, but will update when and if that happens.   The Hookah is decently priced compared to some of the other places  in Philly.  Oh yes, they do serve wine.  Definitely cool for casually hanging out solo, with the girls, guys, or 'Cupcakin' with your significant other.  I put this on my iLove List.  Check it out and let me know what you think...We ended up here because we got a parking spot right in front of the place and since I hadn't done Moroccan in awhile I figured what the hey.  We walked in and it was tres dark with cool brass round tables and big couches. Due to the xtra weight i gained from eating so much, I had to lay down. I'm sure I wasn't the first. I figured the soup and the seafood Bastille would be enough for me; watching my weight and all that. We were approached by the waiter when we walked in and even though the place had only 2 other tables filled, he still asked us if we had a reservation. That sleighs me. Anyway, The soup was delicious; tomato with lentils, chick peas and spices.. delish! My partner ordered the chicken Bastille; but i make it a point to never order chicken at restaurants. I tasted it but it wasn't great and really sweet. My seafood Bastille wasn't much better but it did the job. Great ambiance and music. The waiter was not very good. But he had so many tables to wait on.... I wouldn't really recommend this place unless your a newbie foodie.I have no idea why the reviews are so terrifying. The atmosphere was flawless, the belly dance was fun to watch, the staff were nice and friendly, the food was very good.  The only bad part is the price. With tax and tip we hit 32/person which is too much for me and is the only reason I gave 3 stars. Otherwise it would be a five. Even considering that, I still say it is a must-go-once.
Just a sisterly advice: don't go with people you are not intimate with : You have to eat with your bare hands. ;)I have been coming here for years ( at least 10 I believe ) and have really never been disappointed. Yes things have gotten quite expensive but the food quality has never gone down in my opinion and the entertainment has stayed consistently awesome ! I have had many good times here and ALWAYS recommend the 7 entree 25$ option. How can someone go wrong with that ?!???This is my favorite Moroccan spot in Philadelphia. It's clean and very nice. Sometimes parking can be difficult but never too bad. The staff is friend and man men. Not man speak complete English but they can understand you. This place is excellent for groups and just couples. My recent visit was with my boyfriend. We had the Fez feast. It's $30 pp and comes with a few dishes which is fulfilling but I would've love to have more chicken and a half chicken could feed one person especially if both don't eat all meats served. We had the lemon chicken and I was so delicious, full of flavor. The lamb was tender and good. I enjoyed this other dish which had chicken and scrambled eggs inside a warm dough with sugar. The mint tea is good and was included. This is a good spot to relax mingle and smoke hookah. 
I would recommend to anyone who wants to try something different. Since I've been to Morocco I would say this is very authentic!! 
Go, have fun and enjoy yourself!! No drama just a good time!! Food is goo! Excellent service.Such a bad place! Would never want to come back to this place! The food was extremely trashy. The server forced us to get the feast which is $25 per person but he gave us food only for one person each. Firstly, it took them almost 30 mins to get the first appetizer and then they got the next course which was extremely salty. They didn't care to make us feel comfortable. People were straight up popping pills. This spot is super shady. They served us fruits as dessert. They gave us a knife and we were supposed to cut the fruits ourself and eat it. Ridiculous place! Gross. Please don't waste your money here. Rather go to any of the other places nearby!Comical pricing for shisha. 25$ a shisha. Horrible surroundings.   I hope this place goes out of business.I went to Fez Morrocan about 9 years ago on a trip to Philly.  I had seen it in a travel book as good for groups and organized a group from the conference I was at to go there.  
We took a taxi to the restaurant and were really impressed by the neigborhood.  From what I could tell it was what you might call Bohemian and definitely cool for a guy who has lived in Texas his whole life.  
Entering the restaurant is like entering a tent in Morroco, they have material on the walls and ceiling.  We were seated on pillows on the floor around a large table.  The waiter came and explained how the restaurant worked and gave us water to wash our hands (you eat with your hands).  He then brought out mint tea which was amazing (I'm not a tea drinker).  
The dishes came out one by one and I remember everyone being timid at first to use their hands and to try the sometimes strange foods (our waiter explained each dish as it was presented).  By the end, when each dish came out, we all grabbed at it, not wanting to let someone else eat our portion of the wonderful food.  A specific dish I remember was a pastry covered scrambled egg dish with cinnamon and other spices.  As explained, it sounded suspect and one of our group had to be the guinea pig and try it first.  On his approval, we all dug in and it was VERY ho, but SOOOO good that we all burned our fingers pulling out the next bits to stuff into our mouths.  
I see members of this group on occaision and we all remember our meal here even nine years later.  We've tried to recreate it by going to other Morrocan places, but this was definitely a moment in time not to be re-lived.  
We were all so impressed by the city that we walked (quite a good distance) back to the hotel.  I guess this review is mostly for Fez Morrocan, but also for the night to remember...Went here with a group of friends last night, and would definitely go again even though I found a few things lacking.
Good:  the chicken with lemon and olives.  YUM.  And the lamb with honey and almonds was delish.  The atmosphere was relaxed and casual, but dress comfortably because you might be sitting on a very low cushion.
Meh: the bread.  Instead of pita, they brought around these thick wedges of a cake-y white bread.  It was impossible to scoop up our food with it, and our hands were all covered with sauce.  Also, the Moroccan wine by the glass -- really really chewy.  Better to splurge on a bottle of better wine (around $30).
To people who want to see the bellydancer for entertainment -- if you enjoy her dancing, tip her.  Our poor girl danced her heart out 3 times, with people from several tables, and we were the only table who gave her a tip.  Get up and wriggle with her for 30 seconds, and give her $5...  It's the correct thing to do.I come here a lot.  Just had a birthday here too.  Love the girls dancing and the customer service is amazing and quick.   Drinks are always so good here and the mood and setting is perfect!!!The hookah flavors tasted great and lasted for a long time. The service was kind of shitty at times but everything worked out. I had a great time here.I went to Fez for a birthday party. I had zero expectations and overall I had a great time. I went on a Saturday night, so the only option was the 7 course meal. The belly dancer was great and got the crowd involved. The drink prices were reasonable for the city. My only complaints were the super slow service. We arrived at 8:15. My husband and I left at 11:15 and the last hadn't been served yet. Of course this drove up our bar tab. Also as a morrocan newbie it would have been nice if someone explained the dishes. They stated in the beginning they would, but that never happenend. I was in a group where peope didn't really know each other, so I know a few peopke felt uncomfortable eating with their hands though I absolutely loved that part. This was a unique dining experience. I really enjoyed myself and I'm looking for a reason to return in the near future.The interior is amazing and the atmosphere is authentic. Overall, the service was good.
They dumped a pound of sugar in my Moroccan mint tea and there was a huge film of the sugar resting on the bottom, which was a turn off for me. Also, they did not play much Middle Eastern music but instead played random outdated mainstream songs.
However, one thing that I did not mind being overly sweet was the belly dancer. She was amazingly kind and friendly, I couldn't help but dance with her. An overall comfortable atmosphere and belly dancing lessons!? I'll take it.This is my favorite Moroccan spot in Philadelphia. It's clean and very nice. Sometimes parking can be difficult but never too bad. The staff is friend and man men. Not man speak complete English but they can understand you. This place is excellent for groups and just couples. My recent visit was with my boyfriend. We had the Fez feast. It's $30 pp and comes with a few dishes which is fulfilling but I would've love to have more chicken and a half chicken could feed one person especially if both don't eat all meats served. We had the lemon chicken and I was so delicious, full of flavor. The lamb was tender and good. I enjoyed this other dish which had chicken and scrambled eggs inside a warm dough with sugar. The mint tea is good and was included. This is a good spot to relax mingle and smoke hookah. 
I would recommend to anyone who wants to try something different. Since I've been to Morocco I would say this is very authentic!! 
Go, have fun and enjoy yourself!! No drama just a good time!! Food is goo! Excellent service.This kind of sets the standard for what I consider to be an awesome hookah place in a strange new city. We rolled in around 10pm on Sunday, knowing from the Yelp app full-well that they were going to close at 11pm. So we get seated and get right to it - we want the tequila sunrise hookah because that name just sounds awesome. 
The decoration is legit & authentic. The walls are covered with cloth, the windows are blacked out from the street with the same cloth, there are the cloth hangings coming off the wall, and the lighting is dim to make it seem authentic, something straight out of one thousand and one nights. The tables are round and are organized in a lavish lounge sort of setting. The waiter guy was nice, friendly, and was doing a rockstar job of checking in on us and the coals.
Hookah for three people came out to $27. Not exactly cheap, but at least not exorbitant compared to some hookah places across the country I have unfortunately visited.  
My return visit scheduled and on the books has already incorporated this place into the itinerary. I look forward to trying the food. And getting some more time with the hookah before the music gets turned off which is a clear indication we need to GTFO at 11:00 exactly - would have appreciated a little more gentle approach and a few extra minutes to hang out, but hey, I bet real important shit was about to go down you had to attend to rather than letting us hang out for a few extra minutes.Ok you can eat with your hands and watch belly dancers all in a restaurant whose windows are covered from onlookers outside. Very cool!
From the outside you'd probably be weary of entering, as was I. The inside is covered (walls and ceiling) with colorful Moroccan fabrics and from the ceiling (aka: draped fabric) hangs a few Moroccan lanterns. The tables (circular cushioned benches around a small circular table) are low and line the walls.
Before eating you everyone at the table puts there hands in the center over a basin and the water pours warm water of them. This is preparation for dinner because you are eating with your hands. For those who'd rather not but were still dragged here (or scared 1st dates) , they will also give you utensils. (Boo!)
I was weary of the food as well, but I loved it all (I have to admit I wasn't sure what exactly we were ordering at some part). You can get a dinner of eight courses for $25 a person. Get this. Don't question what you are eating. One of the courses is beef with powdered sugar on it (I'm pretty sure) and it is amazing. Actually, all the courses taste pretty sweet.
Oh yea: you can also smoke a hookah (it is encouraged) while you are enjoying your belly dancing.
HINT: After dinner DO NOT think you are funny by asking your hot date to "smell my finger."I wish I could give negative stars.  DO NOT GO TO THIS PLACE. For starters there was an infant seated at the table next to me despite the fact I was carded while entering. Unless the child was stricken with the same affliction as Benjamin Button, I'm pretty sure she was not legally allowed to be in there. Normally i wouldn't care, but the child would not stop making noise. More importantly, I WAS OVERCHARGED FOR MY DRINK AND INVOLUNTARILY CHARGED OVER 20% GRATUITY FOR A PARTY OF TWO. NO WHERE ON THE MENU WAS THAT POLICY STATED. Once I brought this to the waiters attention, he initially did not want to correct the problem, but after 10mins of me explaining basic 2nd grade math to him, he had no choice but to remove the FRAUDULENT charges. No apology, no comp, nothing. I won't be back and I will be taking legal measures to resolve this matter. This is not over. STAY AWAY!Service was good, food was good as well. Eating with your hands is a bit weird (even though a tradition). Probably not a good place for a first date haha. Has hookah which is a plus. Overall a pretty cool place to hang out. I would go back.The novelty of a dark, smoky Moroccan den is tainted by the sub-par food and terrible service. Been here twice and twice was enough to get my fill.
Pass through the painted and cracked glass doors to enter a dark, vaguely musty room draped in velvet tapestries, thick dingy curtains and bordered by plush, half-moon couches and low metal tables. An 8-course menu, at $25 per person, is a fairly traditional offering, though lacking in any sort of distinguished flavor. You can order a hookah here (also $25) in a dozen fruity flavors; possibly the biggest draw. It's relaxing to sink back into the cushions, inhale deeply and pretend you're the caterpillar from Alice in Wonderland. Whoooo are youu?
It appears servers are hard to come by during dinner service, as are any drinks from the bar. Savor the first glass of water they bring, as it may be your only.
Sure, you'll enjoy the novelty of washing your hands in rosewater tableside and later eating with flat breads, sans utensils. A bellydancer may briefly sashay through the aisles on Saturday night and underage diners may be slipped a glass of wine. That could entice you, sure. And true, your meal will feature uncommon dishes by American standards, like lamb with honey or chicken wrapped in sweet, powdered pastry -- but in the end the food is lacking real spice, flavor and memorable taste. It's average, and just so. You'll do better at Marrakesh in all senses.Got to love fez! They offer a great deal with the prefixed $25 feast menu (7 courses served family style). Really good if you want to bring a group together. They have a full bar and some nice house specialty drinks (feztini). Don't let me forget to mention their hookah! One of the best places I love to visit when I'm in the city.I recently went to this restaurant with a good friend who wanted to have Moroccan food. She had it before in Morocco and wanted to see what this restaurant was like. 
This place is right off of South street, which made for some difficulty parking. However, we decided on a late dinner at 7:15pm or so, and so got lucky with close parking spots. The service was super duper friendly, although not extremely fast. This did not really bother us as I get the impression that Moroccan culture makes a meal a slow experience in itself. Although we found out later that all our servers and even the owner were not Moroccan. However, do not worry, the chef is (and is not that the most important part? hahaha). 
We had coupons so we had to order the Fez Feast (7 courses). We started out with a trio of cold salads. They were all very good. There was a cucumber salad, a carrot salad and eggplant concoction. This was served with all you can eat warm bread, which was delicious. The servers bring by the bread in this gigantic woven basket; I felt a bit bad on how often I asked them to bring us bread, but it really was delicious. Then we had a puff pastry with a meat like mixture. I have to admit neither I nor my companion really cared for this. The dish was sprinkled with powdered sugar, and meat and powdered sugar just did not work for me. 
We both had the olive lemon chicken (I think you had a choice of several different types of chicken, but it was hard to understand the server). The chicken was fairly tender, but the dish overall was too salty for me. The server asked if we would like it mild or spicy and we decided on mild. However, he made the ingenious suggestion of getting the spices on the side so we could at least try it. The server informed me that there was harissa in the spices, which is an ingredient I have been dying to try. The spices ended up being too spicy for me, but I was really glad to have gotten the chance to try the harissa, and the flavor was quite good. 
The fourth course was a choice between beef kabobs and honey almond lamb. My companion and I ended up split over this choice; she got the kabobs and I got the lamb. She was generous enough to allow me to try her kabob, which consisted of green peppers, onions (I think) and 3 chunks of beef. I did not really think it was anything special. It did not really seem specially seasoned or flavored. The lamb, however, was quite tasty. I was a little disappointed as the lamb was not super tender and the honey taste did not seem really infused into the meat. But overall, it was a pretty tasty dish. I had this same (I believe) dish YEARS ago after finishing my first year of undergraduate education. I remembered it being amazing. Of course that was years ago, and memories get warped throughout the years. So I liked this dish but was a bit disappointed because it did not live up to the memories. 
The fifth dish was a couscous with roasted vegetables. There is not much to say. It was okay, a bit bland, but okay. I know my companion thought it was a bit too dry. There were a lot of good vegetables in there, however. 
I am not sure how they counted the last few courses. There was fruit that was brought to us in a basket. A generous 6 pieces; two each of apples, bananas and oranges. It does not sound like much, but considering how much food preceded this, we were full just looking at the fruit. There was also a very, very delicious cup of sweetened mint tea. This was followed by an eclair looking pastry. I found the pastry to be a great light and sweet ending to the meal. 
My biggest complaint and word of caution is that later at night it seems like a lot of customers come for the hookah. Since I am allergic to smoke and the dining area is one big long room with nowhere to hide, this was a problem. I would say, if you think that the hookah will bother you to come earlier in the evening. When we first got to the restaurant, there was traditional Moroccan sounding music playing, later when the hookah customers came, the music all of a sudden changed to a disco-techy musical selection. I guess they think hookah goes better with disco-techy music. HahahaI went to fez with a friend got humus and a Side of rice, the worst rice I have ever tasted , it tasted like a microwaved 3 or 4 day old rice. Asked our server to remove it and he informed us he couldn't, okay and when we preceded to get the bill he had given Himself a hefty 8 dollar tip, okay? Never coming here again.It is a good place .Hokkah is good ,lamb shisk kebab is avarage,other than atmosphere is good.Went here last night on a saturday weekend of fourth of july. Arrived about 7pm place has about 16 tables and was about 1/2 full. 
The decor is awesome. Its like eating inside a big tent. There are drapes or tapestries on every inch of the walls. 
We had the 7 course feast and enjoyed it alot.  Food came out at a great pace and service was excellent. We had the waiter laughing by the time we left.  I especially liked the lamb with honey. 
This place would be awesome for a group of 4 or more.My bf took me to Fez for my birthday last year. Not bad.... we had chicken with olives. (Very tender!!!! )  It was dark as I-don't-know-what, inside the restaurant and I could BARELY see my menu!!!  I can tell you this, though.... I didn't eat everything that was brought out to me! 
I ate the bread and salad, but didn't care much for the vegetable cous-cous. I enjoyed my mint tea and pastries.... and loved that steamed  towels were brought out to us in between each course to clean your hands. 
We also got a hookah. I took a few puffs and didn't think it was anything special, since I'm not a smoker. 
Would I go again? Not sure. The atmospohere was cool and fun, but the food was nothing special. Also the belly-dancer had clearly seen better days, and it was pretty annoying the way she lingered at my table until my bf tipped her. LOLthe service was terrible. worst ever. our waiter barely even came to us twice and every time we needed something we tried to ask another waiter but they flat out ignored us and didn't even look. hate this place.I was in town for the night thought I would give this place a shot. Hookah was great had mint and grape, ordered tea as well. Service was okay the person who took my order never checked on my not once, I was surprised when I got the check and they added 21% gratuity ! I would've tipped anyways however you should not add 21% for below average service. 
I gave 3 stars based on the hookah and the atmosphere.Went there on a tuesday for dinner with 7 of my friends and the dishes were not great and the place just looked gloomy but the only good part about the whole experience was the music which was really good. I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone who wants good moroccan food.Went recently with a group of friends on a Friday evening.  It was novel, but I will not return.  The waiters were friendly and attentive.  The belly dancer was engaging and fun.  However, for $25 per person including a 20% add-on gratuity, bringing the total to $30 a head in a group of ten; ($300), this does not include beverages. The value was horrible since the FOOD SUCKED! If this is AUTHENtic Moroccan food, then breadsticks are REAL Italian cuisine.  Instead of nan, we were served wedges of french bread.  The shishkabbobs were dry and over-cooked, the couscous was flavorless.  The meat dish was uninspiring and tasted like they ordered  a rotisserie chicken from the local Acme, then broiled it in water.  Not bad, but, not worth the money. 
    We do not recommend this place.  There are other Moroccan restaurants that have higher recommendations; next time we will listen to the online reviews.I went to Fez with some coworkers and it was my first time having Moroccan food. The atmosphere of the restaurant was pretty nice, really dark, but still fun and great for groups. The food was fantastic! The thing that will probably keep me from going again is the staff. I was there for 15 minutes before I was offered anything to drink and the waiter was disappointed when we all wanted water. Despite asking several times they did not split the check and not everybody brought cash. We only saw employees to bring us the water and 40 minutes later bring us food and then we had to go ask them to bring us the check. Of course they were more than willing to charge us the automatic 20% gratuity even though the most certainly didn't earn that.I will say the main reason I visited this place was  because of their decor 
And their hookah is pretty good and smooth , didn't  get harsh 
Keep in mind they charge $25 plus 20%fee 
For someone who hasn't tried Moroccan or Arabic food they will find the food amazing 
I'm not from Philly , but in Kentucky even the most flavorless and cheap of Arabic food (not even morrocan) has more flavor than the food in this place
They have a dish called the "feast" ..only thing  is they require (when 2 people or more ) the order one per person ?
So if I was to come alone that means I could not order this dish ? 
Customer service interaction was a little bit  awkward but we were not treated bad or anything like that  but worth it for the hookah and the decor insideFez Moroccan was absolutely delicious. The eight course meal is shared among everyone sitting at the table and you eat with your hands. The chicken was so tender it literally fell off the bones.Fez feast is the best. Go for the lamb and the lemon chicken. 
Great hookah, fun atmosphere and good times.Let me start this review by saying that we did not go into the restaurant. Please be careful when making plans to come to this establishment. We planned to celebrate my milestone birthday here last Saturday (Jan. 13). I called in advance to se if we could make a reservation but was told that they do not take reservations. I then asked the person on the phone what the wait time would be if we came on a Saturday night. He told me that there would likely be no wait and if there was one it would only be about 10 minutes. Now, while I had never been to this place before, I've been to several other hookah places. I thought it was odd that there wouldn't be a wait so I asked him again, the man assured me that there would be a 10 minute wait tops. We get to the restaurant around 11:30pm and walk to the door and the bouncer tells us that there is a wait and he is not sure how long it would be before we could go in - imagine my surprise. Another woman walks up and is told the same thing. We started talking and found out that she frequently comes there and the wait is at least an hour. And to top it off they do not have anywhere you can wait inside the restaurant! The bouncer basically said we could hang around outside and he would remember our faces when a table opened up. Seriously?? It was a cold January evening, of course we didn't hang around outside hoping for a table. And they can't come up with a better system? I'm supposed stand around and hope the bouncer remembers my face? How about taking down a phone nunber and texting when a spot opens up. We went to Reef Caribbean lounge instead. I wouldn't have minded waiting had I known in advance and been able plan accordingly. But instead we were lied to by this establishment.I love it here! Music is hip hop/rap/trap music great decor. Great hookah and great service. The food and drinks are amazing and they have a great selection to choose from. There is no cover. The belly dancer is fantastic. 
You should no that this isn't a spot for dancing. The place is small and it is set up for a sit/chill kinda night.On weekends, they have basically two options: 8-course meat sampling or 8-course vegetarian sampling for $25 a person. We tried the meat one, and had lamb and chicken. The courses: soup, bread/dip spread, chicken pie with powdered sugar, chicken, lamb, cous cous, fruit, and baklava. Out of the entire course, I enjoyed only the chicken, although it was a roasted kind which most of us could make ourselves in a crock pot. The fruit had bananas, oranges, and apples. I was told the apples were "soft" and the bananas looked green, so the oranges were the only ripe option. So, I enjoyed the chicken and orange.
The ambiance was different, it felt like we were in a canopy tent. Every so often the belly dancer would come out. She was a good dancer, so it entertaining if you like that sort of thing. I think the guys in our group enjoyed it. Has hookah, so many groups came in towards the later hours to do that. But during dinner, it felt like we were the only group actually dining.
I thought the food was not good, and overpriced to boot. I will not be coming back.Probably the worst restaurant that I've been in Center City. First the service was horrendous, it took them forever to change the plate and sometimes we have to tell them to change the plates. The food was really poorly made and extremely simply prepared. The belly dancer was not so good and people were putting money in the skirt as if she was a stripper. The decoration of the restaurant is trying to be a tent environment, but it just looks dirty with all the dust accumulated in the fabrics on the walls. Other than that, there is nothing much more to say but an awful restaurant. I do not  usually give bad reviews but this place is just one of a kind.Decent hookah, decent atmosphere, shady location, crappy service, and felt dirty. I came here when I first moved to Philadelphia 4 years ago thinking it was the best place in Philly, but there are many many better places in town with much better/smoother hookah. The location makes it a popular place to be on a Friday night (because it's right next to Penn's Landing on South St.), but if you're looking for good hooks, try University City instead. After trying the other places, definitely would not come back here.One of my fav hookah spots in Philly. The Moroccan style setting just gives it a vibe that u can't get anywhere else in Philly.First off I can't believe I have to rate these guys with atleast one star. They don't deserve a single one this place had the Worst food. We paid 35$ for nothing this place is an epic fail...if you like throwing your money away for free be my guest. I have never ever wasted money for food like this.Don't waste your money here.the service is run by a bunch of dumb-asses who don't know what the hell they are doing and they force you to pay tip and the tip is insane these dudes are crazy...
Thank youI absolutely love this place! From the ambience and the decor, to the AMAZING food...I would come back time and time again! The owner is super accommodating and the staff exemplifies some of the best customer service I've ever experienced! From beginning to end, it was clear that the owner and staff here want each patron to have a nice time! This place is truly a gem! 
Make sure you try the half chicken and rice, you will not be let down!I stopped in with four friends, we had the Family Feast.  I enjoy trying new things...but this experience was better than I imagined.
I enjoyed the egg plant salad and the 
Chicken Bastille......
But the chicken with the Harisa Sauce, was truly my favorite.
They have a full bar, good service, and great food...
I would definitely return....Stay away. Not the best hookah place, and talk about overly priced. One hookah is gonna run you $28...that's ridiculous! The mood is very unwelcoming and the service is beyond horrible.Had my Birthday party here in February definitely would come back here the drinks are good and the atmosphere was awesome,pricey but goodI want to like this place but it's just too damn expensive for no reason. Came here with my sister ordered a yuenling lager $5 she ordered a mango juice $3.50, hookah $25, chicken skewers $14, and $9.50 for gratitude the bill came back $60.80 I didn't even eat. Hookah should never cost $25 period! And the food was small portions good but small, total rip off. I'll go somewhere else next time. Everything is just overpriced.Perfect for a group or unique date night! Excellent food and love the belly dancer! Guaranteed a memorable fun night!! highly recommendI feel really bad writing this review since I come from this culture... I feel like the atmosphere is not welcoming, the service is very bad, and the food is poorly made. Three times I had to call for a waiter and tell him to please change my plate. The intervals between courses were extremely long and I also had to inform the waiter that I am finished and he could take my plate. I came with a group of people and every single one of them was disappointed. The belly dancer was wearing a yellow costume and had shoulder length light hair. Her dancing skills are awful, she definitely is very far from being professional. The way she moves is ridiculous, she doesn't know how to dance at all. This is the first time I am writing a review in my entire life and trust me I am not a mean person. I wanted to show my friends my culture and the food we eat ... But it turned out into an awful embarrassment. I will never come back here. 1 star.My Saturday night 7-course "feast" at Fez provided a fun distraction from the din of the holiday season.  I was glad I was there with good company because the night stretched out longer than anyone could have anticipated.
Most of the food has been adequately and accurately covered in other reviews, so I won't go into too much detail.  I will echo that the style of bread they hand out is not well-suited to use as a scooping, eating utensil; pitas would be MUCH better.  The food was, overall, forgettable with the exceptions of the delicious pickled carrots that came with the salad and the truly excellent whole chicken that we tore into like savages.  The meal was a decent value for the $25 price tag.
The belly dancer brought her A-game, dancing at least four sets of 15-20 minutes apiece, with ~30 minute breaks in between.  The crowd really got into it, and many people got up to dance with and tip her.  Now, if you do the math on the time-frames that I listed, you will see that we were at Fez for a LONG TIME.  In fact, we were there for well over 4 hours.  We enjoyed the pace of the first half of our meal, and were pleased that we were not being overly rushed.  However, following our fourth course, our table became like the forgotten step-child of the restaurant.  We sat for at least half an hour following the completion of each course, and could not catch the attention of any of the waiters.  We had also run out of wine and water during some of these stretches, which made them seem even longer.  
We ordered a "Tangerine Dream" hookah, which ended up being a surprise highlight of the night since we had ordered it primarily for the novelty.  The smoke was very smooth, and the flavor was pleasantly reminiscent of Tang, leading to amused speculation that perhaps it is what the astronauts smoke.
Overall, I do not regret my trip to Fez but am not in a hurry to go back.  If I did return, it would more likely be a late-night stop for some hookah and a cocktail or wine rather than a repeat of the glacially paced "feast".