We were on family Spring Break in Philly.  My wife had us running in all directions that morning and my daughter and I were starved!  We were coming back from Betsy Ross' house I believe and the name Fezziwigs just caught our attention!  We walked in and yes they have dessert but some delightful smells were coming from the grill too!  We sat down at the old fashioned bar and ordered lunches.  My wife and daughter ordered some burgers...I had my first official Philly Cheesesteak sandwich here in Philadelphia.  This place is not very big...but cozy.  I looked over at the "big guy" -- figured he was the owner or manager and he had a Dallas Cowboys hat on!!  That is where our family is from.  So, I had to ask...he said he had been a fan of the Dallas Cowboys since he was 3 years old!  Ironically, I told him I rooted for the Eagles in the last Superbowl.  The service was ideal and the food delicious...definitely would give it a thumbs up and return again!A combination of great people who care serving high quality ice cream. I enjoy both the great food and the people who care. I enjoy the conversation along with satisfying my sweet tooth.Great little family joint.  The ice cream, malts and the kettle corn were all phenomenal, and the service was excellent.  Friendliest people we met in Philly.  Legit, probably the best kettle corn I've ever had.  Not overly sweet and perfect large popped kernels.  And do yourself a favor and try the cookie monster ice cream, it's not just for kids.  This is the kind of place we love to find while travelling.Went for ice cream with the family. Delicious ice cream and the cookie cones are awesome.  We got some kettle cooked popcorn - we couldn't keep our hands out of the bag. We almost finished it there and took all our willpower to stop. 
Parking is a bit of a challenge, but that's Philadelphia.My friends and I went here after a long day in Philly. It was surprisingly not super busy and we were able to sit down to eat. We ordered a banana split and it was delicious. The staff was very attentive and kind and made sure everything was to our liking. Definitely recommend visiting here for a treat!Omg! Their ice cream is out of the world! I didn't know how good this place is - I thought it's just an average ice cram place. And I was wrong! I ordered the salty caramel, it literally blown my mind! Can't wait to go back and try other flavors!THE best dessert place in Old City! We were pleased with the variety of offerings such as cookies, pie, cupcakes, and all sorts of ice cream creations.  Outstanding customer service too. The greatest thing is that they MAKE their own ice cream.  Although we were there for dessert, their hot menu looked promising.  We'll come back soon to try the chili and hand cut fries!Great sweet shop! The staff was so nice and kind to our family. We loved the water ice! So refreshing on a super hot day touring Philly. Highly recommend.If there is a friendlier, tastier place to get shakes, Italian "Water" Ices and now my FAVORITE BURGER in Old City, I'm not aware of it. Everything I've had there has been GREAT at worst and nearly LIFE CHANGING at best!
I'll be the first to admit that I'm picky with food and an not afraid to let folks know if they have an issue - politely, of course. Fezziwig's doesn't have anything negative to comment on, and I literally CRAVE their stuff!Excellent find.  Was looking for a Starbucks when we came across this hidden gem.  Most items are homemade.  Ice cream is rich and creamy.  Cup cakes a very good and fresh.  Try the pop corn.  Freshly made dailyAwesome, family-owned ice cream shop. Stopped in a for a lookaround, enjoyed a cup of amazing homemade pistachio ice cream. Great decor, excent selection of baked goods,  kind & friendly staff.  Definitely worth a try.  Will be back!This place is AMAZING! An absolute must go if you're craving ice cream. The consistency and flavors are mouth watering, plus the price isn't bad either. We got strawberry and Cookie Monster... delicious!This is absolutely my favorite place in Old City! My fiancé and I were lucky enough to stumble upon Fezziwig's right around the time it opened last year and have been regulars ever since. The owner is friendly and always welcomes us with a genuine smile, and the ice cream can't be beat! The baked goods are also delicious (we brought pies to my family's Thanksgiving celebration last November) and the burgers and fries are great as well. Overall a true gem that we will be sure to keep coming back to even once we move out of the neighborhood!!We stopped in for a shake and met the owner.  First,  the customer service and employee interactions were really great and the establishment was very clean.  Second, the shake was amazing and creamy.  The owner said they will have quick bites such as burgers and fries in the coming days, which is great!  Definitely stop in and check this up and coming place out!Awesome ice cream, I had the cherry vanilla and mint chocolate chip!What a great new addition to Old City. Great ice cream, water ice AND kettle corn. It's nice to have a place that's not a 30 minute wait and cash only. 
We absolutely love the ice cream flavors, especially the Cookie Monster and the salty caramel. They pair nicely with a scoop of water ice - especially mango flavor. 
The kettle corn is a go to when traveling and giving as a present, definitely a crowd pleaser. 
Cannot wait until their full kitchen opensBest sweet potato fries ever. Cut thinly in the shop and cooked to order. Vitamin A !My gelato was great! Cherry vanilla ice cream and cherry water ice is always a win! Only reason I gave it three stars is because they are lacking in customer service. I wasn't greeted and the woman who served me wasn't really friendly either. However, when other customers came in they were greeted and treated nicely..Try the cupcake and cotton candy flavours. Definitely much better than Franklin fountain.BEST PLACE. literally best fries, best workers, such a homey, cozy, and friendly vibe.Our main problem here was the customer service. The guy behind the counter listened to our entire order without putting anything in, then stared at us for a moment before we awkwardly had to break the silence by loudly saying "And that's everything, thanks." So he then proceeds to input the order and of course forgets everything. Upon the second time explaining the order, he tells me he'll have to double check to see if whiz was in stock. I asked, a bit annoyed, how they don't have it. He responded by saying "yeaahhh, sorry." --at no point did he do or say anything to find out whether the restaurant had it in stock, by the way. Then he sarcastically said "yeah of course we'll bring it out to you" when we said we were gonna sit outside. He brings the food out. No fries. We ask for napkins and ketchup. Recharges us. Brings the napkins. No ketchup. Brings the fries. Follow him back in for the ketchup. The entire meal was just tainted by his awful customer service, and poor attitude.We are in town checking out the landmarks and typical touristy stuff, down we walk 3rd street and a nice gentleman hands us "free kettle korn with any purchase" So, of course we stop on in and everybody in there was very nice and attentive.
We got a coffee shake, lemonade, and a mint chip cone. Everything is AMAZING! We really enjoyed all of our items. The lemonade has a different taste than usual, but it was good! And the entire reason why we stopped by? The kettle korn, wow, it is fantastic! Great flavor and crunch!This is a great little addition to Old City. They have a great selection of sweets (the chocolate chip cookies are my favorite). I've yet to try their burgers & fries but I will soon. The staff has always been super friendly and helpful to me.Great spot. Greg, the owner, is super friendly. I tried the Cookie monster and peanut butter cup fudge to start, both were amazing. I decided to try the salty caramel after, it was also great. It had a nice, soft texture. The cookie monster was my favorite. I shoveled the ice cream down too fast to take a pic, but I'll fix that next time I come in. Oh, and to top it off,  Greg comped me the salty caramel. Great service, great ice cream, no downsides. Their full kitchen will be open starting in about ten days.I was staying at a hostel nearby, and this joint was recommended by one of the staff members. For $5 you can get a big ass breakfast sandwich with coffee. Ideal place for budget travelers like me! Excellent service and I assume the guy that served me was the owner. Friendly staff and great breakfast sandwiches too!We have discovered a masterpiece of ice cream and other goodies located in olde city Philadelphia, Fezziwig's. It is one of the best ice cream places in Philly if not the best. The owners and employees are very friendly and helpful and don't mind if you ask them for a little taste of one of the ice cream flavors. Fezziwig's name (from Dickens A Christmas Carol) is gearing up to provide burgers and other goodies and we can't wait for those! Christmas present is here.Had lunch and had a cheese steak which was disappointing.  It was very chewy and not able to finish.  Also had sweet potato fries that came out burnt and when they provided another order were not fully cooked and hard. Would not recommend for lunch.  We were not even asked how everything was.  We left without even a thank you.  Very disappointed especially after this place was recommended.I was in Philly to visit the American Revolution Museum and spotted Fezziwigs on the way. A cute little shop with an old time feel. Good looking desserts and popcorn were a welcome sight. On ordering our lunch (for 4) we were told that some of the regular items were off the menu. While the meal was good we found it hard to get eating utensils. Forks were hard to find and knives appeared to be lost. When I went to the counter to ask again for something to cut with, I was told (rather rudely) by the owner to "sit down". The staff were not very helpful and seemed to be annoyed with our being there. Sadly, while the food was good, we will not be going back. Service is so important.Huge scoops of delicious ice cream! Cute and charming shop with friendly workers! Welcome to the neighborhood!We are visiting Philadelphia this week and I promised the kids ice cream every night while on vacation. This is the best ice cream we've had so far! Pure deliciousness -- much better than the overrated Franklin Fountain we had yesterday. I had a chocolate peanut butter cookie dough, the best PB ice cream on earth! My kids had peanut butter cup fudge and mint chocolate flake. All were enjoyed and raved about! The friendly customer service, warmth, and charming ambience made the visit a true delight. They also have the most amazing kettle corn. Do yourself a favor and try everything-- five stars all the way!Stopped in tonight for a quick dessert and had a nice conversation with the owner, Greg? Sorry if I didn't get your name correctly. This guy has a cool establishment and will do well because of his experience in customer service. Keep up the good work.Great ice cream in Old City! Would definitely recommend the salty caramel flavor. The staff were Super friendly and the free kettle corn was a nice touch! Will be back soon!The staff was super nice! I made the mistake of getting something off the grill here (cheesesteak that was only the steak and cheese for $9.50) & I'm still mad at myself for wasting my time :( their ice cream looked super yummy tho!!! Definitely will go again for treats but not eatsWe went there to get ice cream around 9:30pm and they were awesome! The ice cream was fantastic(I had the pistachio). Really cute place with family run vibe, I will definitely be back next time I visit Philly.Came in with a group of people. They charged us for an additional cone that we never received, and  the owner/cashier said we must have count ourselves wrong. Also made fun of some of our choices, like adding more whip cream. Very not understanding of its customers and such rude service, I plan on never coming back and telling friends never to come here. The place is also very small, can't imagine how people can be served food in such a cramped space.Had the Cookie Monster ice cream and enjoyed every bite. Super creamy, not overly sweet & lots of cookies in it. Highly recommend!Never coming back again. Utterly rude attitude, poor customer service, and we got charged extra for something we didn't order.Loved it! Cute spot and reasonable prices for Philly. Brought my students here at the end of their trip and the owner was beyond sweet.We got a single scoop of the blue ice cream -- is it the Cookie Monster? I don't remember -- and it was delicious. Very rich and sweet, we couldn't finish it it was so much so.LOVE this place! Everything from bacon and egg sandwiches and coffee in the morning to ice cream and cupcakes for a late night stroll through old city!!! Such a cute, well ran, clean place, surely an asset to old city! Try the popcorn!!!There aren't many traditional ice cream stores in philly. Whenever a new one, within 1.5 miles from my home opens, I always need to try it. 
My boyfriend got a milkshake and I got a single scoop of the Cookie Monster (blue ice cream). Both of us agree that it was a reasonable price for the quality of ice cream. I left feeling full and happy. It was sweet, tasty with the right amount of cookies and dough. 
It's a great spot to check out - I even bought kettle corn to take home. I know I'll be back whenever I am in old city and want great quality ice cream.Tried this for the first time tonight. The ice cream was not worth the terrible service. The guy who took the order was so impatient with me. He rolled his eyes when I asked for a sample. His attitude was just awful. He was annoyed when I asked how big a single serving was and tossed the single cup on to the counter to show the size. Definitely not going back. I would rather wait in a long line for a near by ice cream shop than deal with the bad attitudes again. He was just as impatient with the couple that came in after me.The Cookie Monster is just cookie dough but blue?? But it's really really good. I wonder is they do anything different to it or it's just a testament to how good their homemade ice cream is.A little disappointed by this place.  The staff was very friendly though!  Took a look at the menu, asked for the burger with cheeze whiz and was told that whiz was no longer available (permanently).  Then asked for another type of cheese listed and that also wasn't available.  Turns out they had only one type of cheese available that day.  We decided to order two burgers and fries.  The burgers came out and looked good but the bread was a hard roll and the fries were too salty.  So, most likely I won't be back.The owner was very rude. We asked for samples and he looked at us like it was the most confusing thing in the world. He also was very impatient when we were trying to decide which flavors we were going to get. The only good thing was the ice cream which was tasty but way too overpriced. Overall, rude customer service.Great place with great service. The coffee sundae was great and the pb fudge cup was amazing! They gave us some free kettle corn too. Will definitely be back!Delicious! The kettle corn was my favorite.   Great owners    My boyfriend and i will become regulars for sure!Honestly a terrible experience.The fact that 'best cheesesteak in Philly' on there is clearly a joke if you want under seasoned meat and cold bread for your sandwich this is the place. Also, the fries were terrible they had obviously been fried not long enough but at to high of a heat so that they were blacked on the outside but still incredibly smushy in the inside. To top it all off they brought paying customers water with no ice in it on a day when it's 97 degrees outside. The least you could do is add ice to a drink. Clearly no one wants room temp water on a day this hot. Also I guess it's family owned but waaaay to many kids working there. And I legitimately mean kids like 13 and younger. Terrible food & Horrible experience. I would never eat there againStopped in for a sweet after a day at the museums. Great selection - had something for each of us from pie to cake to cookies and even kettle corn. Sizes were huge, service was great, treats were delicious and the atmosphere was cozy! Great place, give it a try if you are in old city!Awesome ice cream/dessert shop! I live down the street, and love the friendliness and vibe in this small shop. The cookie monster ice cream is amazing!! Definitely recommend!Great dessert place ..roomy clean very friendly staff and owner ...cakes and ice cream top quality...former owner of painted parrot ..the experience really shows ..now serving burgers n dawgs too...good coffee n breakfast hours tooMy roommates and I walked in here one night when they first opened and the owner gave us free kettle corn with our ice cream purchases! The ice cream was awesome and to be honest, it definitely is up there with Franklin Fountain in my book. I will be back!Unprofessional staff and the rudest owner! I will not be giving these people my business.This place is amazing! I was running late to work, but really wanted to grab some breakfast. Thinking I wouldn't have time to stop, I noticed a sign out front that said 'breakfast'. I work directly across the street and never went in before, but figured why not. So glad I did! I had a turkey bacon egg and cheese and an iced coffee to go. Both were delicious, the staff was so friendly, the decor is very inviting. On top of it being an all around good experience, it's less expensive than other similar places in the neighborhood. This will definitely be a regular place for me. Truly an Old City gem. Can't wait to go back and try the ice cream!Went here after hearing about its recent opening. They have an amazing menu, full of a dozen homemade ice creams, sundaes, baked goods, and incredible kettle corn! The interior is also extremely beautiful. The owners were also extremely kind and generous! I will most definitely be going back!Great breakfast this morning the bacon was excellent!  Only sorry I couldn't take a piece of pecan pie with me. It looked just like what my Aunt Della used to make. Can't wait to go back & try it.My fiancé and I live on the block and we finally stopped in here and we are glad we did. The space is nice inside and the staff is super friendly. It gives off great family vibes. We ordered a scoop of the black raspberry ice and a scoop of the salted caramel and we're not disappointed by the generous scoops that were doled out to us. Both ice cream flavors were super rich and creamy and they didn't melt very quickly either which is always a plus. We also got a bag of the kettle corn. Neither of us are big kettle corn people but we were told this was their signature item and let's just say it is incredible. Definitely worth checking out if you're in the neighborhood!nice alternative to franklin fountain, but not too far away. they have awesome kettle corn and they actually accept card!! only thing that's missing is the aesthetic factor that franklin hasThis place is amazing! My husband and I were visiting from D.C. for the weekend, and this was a highlight! Very cool location, and the owners seem really nice. They were extremely friendly and helpful when it came to recommendations, as well as just really fun to chat with. 
Cookie Monster is the way to go for ice cream! We will definitely come back on our next visit.This place was just as sweet as it says! The ice cream is delicious. Salty Caramel and Blackberry are a must. If you love cookies, the Cookie Monster is the way to go. 1 scoop for $4 sounds expensive, but the scoop is huge! Well worth the money and a real deal compared to other ice cream shopsI am new to the neighborhood and stumbled upon this gem. I walked in on a Sunday morning and was warmly greeted by the staff. They can count on me for being a regular! Great location and friendly staff can't ask for much more!Very cute place with tasty ice cream and treats. Not a lot of space, as the seating area is very narrow, but there was enough space for my party of 5. 
We got cookie dough ice cream and sugar free vanilla ice cream. ( I really like the fact that they had sugar free as an option) It tasted really rich and not over-processed or overly sweet like a lot of other ice creams do.
The service was quick, and employees were attentive. Definitely would be willing to come back here for some sugar free ice cream!Have only purchased the kettle corn here, although the pies that they have on display do look nice. Kettle corn is great, some of the best in the area, with not too many bad kernels for instance and the flavor evenly distributed. Service is fine; parking can be tough unless you're with someone else and can quickly double park for instance.Ice cream isn't all that great. I found huge ice cubes in my single scoop. Owner is also an a-hole who doesn't know how to treat customers. I'm a neighbor but Fezziwigs has lost my business for good.Stopped by on a whim, but it was a wondrous decision! I tried the Cookie Monster and Death by Chocolate flavours and they were astounding. Plenty of chocolate without being too rich and not too sickeningly sweet. Then black raspberry had a rich flavor and had the right sweetness. The portions are larger than Franklin Fountain and also priced slightly cheaper. The kettle korn had a nice crunch and just enough caramel in generously sized bags. The workers were all very friendly and kind, truly a perfect experience.Best expresso in town hands down they serve lavazza Italian style and don't burn the miscella. Wonderful  pumpkin pie. Awesome hosts. Could we ask for more. Stumbled here heading to Betsy roses house. Very interesting find.This place was closed for business when I stopped by during their normal business hours. Not sure if they're renovating but it was definitely closed.Super friendly service. Once you come in you feel welcomed. I bought their amazing popcorn and never disappointed.We stopped in here for a summer treat last week and I'm so happy we did. The staff was super friendly, offering us samples as we were undecided on our ice cream flavor. Everything was so yummy! Natural tasting.  Must try cookies and cream and salted caramel. They even gave a free bag of kettle corn. We will definitely be going back!This place is amazing!!! Burgers seasoned and cooked to perfection, amazing homemade fries & sweet potato fries. The desserts are SO DELICIOUS! Also the Philly cheesesteak was great!!! I highly recommend this place.Fezziwig's is a cute addition to old city. It's fun because it's got ice cream, coffee, pie, kettle corn, fried goods...you name it. It's family owned and the place was renovated when it open up (about 6 month's ago?)
The first weekend it was open me and my roommates stopped in and the husband and wife owners offered us a giant bag of free kettle corn with our ice cream. The kettle corn is so good, probably their best thing on the menu.
Sometimes there is a lot going on in there simply due to the sheer variety of items that sell, but for some delicious ice cream (without the Franklin Fountain line) this place has been a real treat.I always try to eat local when on trips so I thought I would try this place out while on a trip to Philly. It's a small diner-style place that's easy to find. Walked in and immediately greeted like I was family. Got the burgers and fries, all were made fresh while I waited. Just got a plain old bacon cheeseburger, nothing fancy but was still tasty. The patty was nice and thick and the juices would run out as you bit into it. Even though it was a thick patty, it was perfectly cooked in the center.
After a good burger, I decided to give the cookies and ice cream a try. These items (sweets) are really the winners at this place. The other stuff was good, don't get me wrong, but you can tell the sweets and treats are what they specialize in.
All in all, if you're in the area and wanting some good ice cream and cookies it would be worth your time to stop by. You won't be disappointed.I don't understand the ratings for Fezziwig's. We went in for mid-afternoon ice cream and did not have a great experience. The place doesn't quite know what it is. They were serving ice cream cream and a couple pastries but mainly it seemed to be a cheesesteak grill at high prices. The ice cream was expensive and bland. The only redeeming quality was that the portion was huge, I threw mine away after a couple spoonfuls. No AC for those seeking comfort from the hot summer sun. Go somewhere else, we ended up going to 7-11 for slurpies and the experience was better.I go for the Cookie Monster ice cream, it's delicious! Fezziwig's isn't so great inside, but Church Street is beautiful and it's nice to eat outside and drop into Old City Coffee.This place is amazing! I was on the hunt for ice cream, when a man hands me a flyer saying free kettle corn with any purchase at our ice cream shop. The staff was very nice and attentive, the ice cream was delicious, and the kettle corn was amazing. Would definitely recommend to anyone who is in the city looking for tasty treats.Looking for real food that tastes great, at an affordable price, then check out Fezziwig's Sweet Shoppe in Old City of Philadelphia.  While enjoying the nostalgic soda fountain atmosphere, feast on a tasty Philly cheesesteak sandwich, juicy burger, or hot chicken fingers with hand-cut sweet potato or regular fries.  Then finish off your visit with homemade ice cream in a variety of flavors.  Want more?  Take home some homemade Kettle Korn in a bag.  The owner Greg will take care of you.A fun stop when visiting Philadelphia on vacation.  Right around the corner from the Liberty Bell, we enjoyed handmade ice cream at a super friendly family business.  Cookie Monster ice cream was great.  Don't be put off by the blue ice cream, it's straight vanilla flavor, with cookies and dough.  All smiles walking out!I live nearby and have been in 4x personally. Once for coffee, twice for ice cream and once for breakfast. None of the experiences were great, all for different reasons. I really want to love this local place. The problem is, they don't know what they are. When you try to do everything you do nothing great. The name is sweet shoppe, but they also "specialize" in ice cream, kettle corn and grille type food. It is also run like a "mom and pop" shop - it's ok (even, awesome) when owned by "mom and pop" but it shouldn't feel like it...such as random hours, inconsistent quality and service, unprofessionalism, and lack of focus. One last note - the area has so much foot traffic that business live and die by the street level windows. These windows are cluttered and blocked, so passer-by's can't really see in or get a feel for what it is. I hope they figure it out. I always pull for AND loyally support great local places.I can't complain about the food, and the waitresses were also fine, HOWEVER, the owner is an absolute, grade A, jerk.  He has no business interacting with customers.  After an issue was brought to his attention, he proceeded to go on the attack and make everything my fault.  It takes a great deal to make me lose my temper, but this customer relations genius actually threatened me with physical violence.   There aren't many one star reviews...so far...but the ones you see all relate to the owner.  Unfortunately, that matters to me and it should to you.  I live in the neighborhood, but as much as I want Old City to thrive, this business, or at least this owner, should go.Run to Fezziwig's! Literally, run there, and then do a few extra laps around the block, because with ice creams this rich you will need the calorie deficit in advance! 
I have been dreaming about the Salted Caramel ice cream now since I had it last week. The best word to describe it? Luscious. It was laden thick with globs of chewy caramel. Even better, they serve pretzel cones which are always a rarity (and the BEST cone!!!). My boyfriend was not disappointed with his cookies and cream plus dark chocolate in a cookie cone. I had asked if they had any lactose-free flavors, but at this time they do not. The owner was very nice and said he is considering them for the future because many people have asked. I did not let that dissuade me, I simply walked down the street to get some Lactaid at CVS! However the owner, being incredibly kind, gave me a bag of their kettle corn which he did say was lactose free ;) 
The kettle corn was incredible! I could have eaten that whole bag in one night, seriously. If you are a fan of popcorn, this is a must have.
Without a doubt, my boyfriend and I have found our new neighborhood ice cream shop. Yay, Fezziwig's!!