Stopped by here before a Sixers game a couple of months ago. Real solid slices for a good deal. They have tons of variety of dishes that you can get here. Desserts are cheap and delicious. Overall a very relaxing environment too. I'd def order from here or stop in again. It's pretty close to the university city area so definitely peep if you get a chance. Good ppl/family owned shop too so why not???This place is absolutely fantastic!!! I'm a foodie...and I like my dishes scrumptious and plentiful...none of that two bite tease. This place has fantastic burgers .. And the FRIES! The cheesesteaks are great... My boyfriend and I prefer the beef cheesesteak! Delish!This pizza place is right around the corner from my future Apartment...we went after helping a friend move in....We ordered: half cheese/half pepperoni large pizza for 2 kids and one adult, I ordered an individual Vegetarian Pizza and 3 adults had Greek Salad. The place was hopping with customers and we were all hungry and tired from moving boxes, etc. The other pizza looked greasy, but, they said it was good and goobled it right up, the b=veggie pizza was flourishing with yummy vegetables and plenty of cheese. it was good. The salad was HUGE and plentiful feta cheese and greek olives. Yes, glad it will be close by. The menu is huge and they serve breakfast. Fast service - maybe 10 minutes wait on our pizzas.As far as the ambiance of the location, Fiesta Pizza presents itself in a pretty average way; however the menu is vast enough to satisfy the pickiest of eaters from breakfast, lunch, dinner, and late night cravings.  The pizza is wonderful, and I've tried multiple varieties from Hawaiian (pineapple and ham) to chicken and mushroom.  They also make awesome milkshakes with any flavor of ice cream in their selection--the chocolate chip cookie dough is my favorite! They also deliver locally for a nominal fee and it doesn't take long either!  Always nice to have a go-to neighborhood pizza shop that serves far more than just pizza!In summary:  I have been completely satisfied by the quality and service of Fiesta Pizza during my 10-15 visits. 
Fiesta Pizza is the lost sovereign slice of Italy. Slid when the icy slopes of the Alps thawed too far from their jealous hold. The melt caused a sling shot off the booted peninsula, past the Sicilian gravity, across the the Atlantic, up-stream with Salmon  towards and for the good citizens of Cedar Park. In its proper home, Fiesta Pizza engages the senses with cuisine and ambiance design which lock-step matches the unconscious desires of the truly alive. The consistent superiority of quality is not what we're here to discuss. Its the shoving hunger down the calender with cheese. And while I'm at it. I'll rest my elbows on orange linoleum. Rest my eyes on the denim and sand of an old western on a 3-dimensional (the set not the picture) television set. I'll forget I want to drink clear liquor til my blood is pink. And dump crushed red pepper on my pepperoni pizza until I feel full after a slice. The devastating weight of world outside Fiesta Pizza's sanctity stays outside. In earnest, Fiesta Pizza is a novocaine blanket of blessings. We all need one.   
Tell the truth. Quit living your life like you're already dead. Get the cotton. Take the time. Fiesta Pizza. Welcome. You are all I love you.I'm surprised by the low-ish rating. This place is crazy accurate with the time of arrival. None of my orders have ever been late but obviously the bigger orders take anywhere from 30-40 minutes even for me and I live fairly close. The best thing here funny enough is the breakfast menu. Some of the best pancakes I've ever had. To top it all off the prices are ridiculously cheap for what you get. So much so I have to order more food just to meet the delivery limit sometimes.I first stumbled upon Fiesta Pizza last month after being transferred "out west" by my job, and I have to say this place is definitely an unexpected perk. Upon first glance I was almost tempted to walk away from the door due to the outdated and almost drab appearance, however I can't thank my sense of smell enough for compelling me to give it a shot. 
After staring at the extensive menu for what felt like an eternity I decided to give their "mini pizza", about the equivalent to 3 full slices, a shot. Not only was it incredibly delicious, not greasy in the least, and surprisingly filling, it was also only $4.00! Amazed by both the quality and price I promised myself I would be back in the following week...unfortunately I lied to myself and visited again the next day. On this trip I decided to give their chicken parm platter a try figuring it would be typical "pizza joint pasta", but sweet lord was I wrong. The quality rivaled that of many "sit down" restaurants and the quantity was much bigger than at most "sit down" places (I ended up taking half of it back to work with me because of its size).
My next few trips consisted of me trying everything from the mashed potatoes and gravy, chili fries, shrimp stir fry, chicken curry over rice, and an Italian hoagie, all of which were simply tremendous. It really is hard to fathom just how diverse their menu is until you visit, they seriously have a menu item for every craving a person could have.
Needless to say, I'm a fan, and I know that once you visit you too will be in love with Fiesta and will be looking forward to your next chance to stop in, it truly is that awesome!SPECIALS! Fiesta has some dope specials. Cheese steak specials, hoagie specials, and so many more. The food is pretty good too being that it is so cheap, my favorite is the chicken finger hoagie (chicken fingers with lettuce, onions, provolone, and honey mustard toasted is what I usually order). Although they do not serve alcohol they have a nice selection of beverages, in particular Arnold Palmer's and Nantucket nectars. The staff are cool but sometimes they have a real hard time taking phone orders, I am not exactly sure why. They get everything ready pretty quickly, I've never had to wait for an order when I call it in and go to pick it up. They have some seating if you feel like eating there but generally people order and take it home. Overall its just your standard quick food place but they do a good job and hold their own against the local competition.I've been here twice in the past couple weeks, and tried a few different things. My thoughts:
Appetizer: I tried the buffalo wings. These were pretty good. The sauce tasted good, the wings were plump and juicy, and there were good quantities of everything.
Main: I tried the pizza with double pepperoni. It was also relatively good; there was plenty of pepperoni and the pizza itself was cooked and seasoned well. 
Main: I also tried the chicken parmesan. Unfortunately, the chicken was very tough and dry. This dish was a lot harder to eat than the other things I have tried here. I like a good chicken parm, but this was one of the poorer attempts at that dish that I've had in the city.
Dessert: they have a few containers of ice creams, (in fact, their menu is in general very large), so I tried a cup of cookies 'n cream. It was good, although not as much as a specialist place like Ben and Jerry's.
Price: Reasonable for what was offered.
Service: Good. They let me switch the TV channel when my show came on, which was very nice of them.
Overall, this is a decent restaurant. I would have given it four stars except for the bad chicken parmesan. As a place for just pizza and wings, it's probably one of the better offerings in the neighborhood.Still like this place. Still convenient to my apartment. I get pizza, sandwiches, everything is pretty good. Last night I had a small Vegetarian Pizza. Very tasty. Not greasy..... just wish they had alittle more tomato sauce on it. But they don't skimp on the toppings...pizza takes about 10 minutes....Fiesta Pizza has it all....good cheesesteaks, great service, and conveniently located 5 min. from mi casa.
The Italian hoagies are fulfilling. Reasonable prices too. And they have arcade games!Great spot for when you don't have time to waste or want to spend a whole bunch of money. The service was rather quick and the staff were very nice and flexible with orders. The portions were quite large for only $8. I liked that the menu was vast with options to choose from and they serve all day breakfast, which I thought was cool. However, this may have backfired. I ordered breakfast from a pizza place... maybe that's why I wasn't thrilled with my experience. I ordered an omelette at lunch time. But, I just couldn't get over the lack of flavors. My omelette had no real taste to it and salt and pepper just couldn't bring it or the potatoes to life. Also, the veggies inside were hard, I usually like mine really sautéed, soft, and tender. Furthermore, this place could use a little tidying up. The bathrooms were filthy and I sat in the booth next to the restaurant's sign and there were dead flies and living flies everywhere. Not really pleasant to eat next to. Nevertheless, it accomplished its mission. Maybe you should try to the pizza.So I read Kevin C's assessment of Fiesta Pizza's pasta and I ordered the manicotti and it wasn't bad. Usually pasta from pizza places is kind of mushy, but the manicotti was not mushy, large portioned and a good value. It's not any kind of pasta you might get in South Philly, but it's tasty/cheap.
I also enjoy the mini strombolies--another great value for the price--just massive.Gotta give a little love to my go to, close by Pizza place.  Just as it is a must to develop relationships with your neighbors and coworkers, you must develop a relationship with your close by Pizza place (and local bar).  The pizza is very good B+, crust chewy and crisp, sauce good, right amount of cheese.  The Fiesta special is my go to, an everything with meat and veggies (if they would only have anchovies...)  The menu is really large, steaks and hogies a  solid B+ (rolls are good), staff is very nice, quick and friendly.  Place is clean inside, has seating and it's been there about 20 years,( and there is a lot of Pizza competition in U City.) 
Bonus:  their breakfasts are excellent A-  Western omelet is huge with lot's of fried potato's & toast and a  great value.  The coffee however is weaker than one of those movies on the  Lifetime Network.I used to live right around the corner from Fiesta, and we ended up ordering a pizza from here at least once every week or two. For a cheap pizza in West Philly, I think this is the best you're going to get. Decent crust (medium thickness, good flavor), good sauce (not too much sauce, and not too sweet!--top sauce ruiners for me), good cheese, and pretty fresh toppings (fresh mushrooms, not canned!). Sure, it's not fancy pizza, but it's delicious and it's a great value.
My only critique is that the crust sometimes gets soggy in the middle if you don't eat it absolutely right away.I can't really add much more to what has already been said on here but in terms of delivery foods, Fiesta has the BEST wings in west philly. And i've tried ever delivery pizza place that university city has to offer.This place is absolutely fantastic!!! I'm a foodie...and I like my dishes scrumptious and plentiful...none of that two bite tease. This place has fantastic burgers .. And the FRIES! The cheesesteaks are great... My boyfriend and I prefer the beef cheesesteak! Delish!I don't visit here often enough - and I don't say that about a lot of places.  
I've been here more than a handful of times and every single time I was not disappointed with anything I ordered.  I wish Fiesta would expand into other areas of the city (namely the Northwest) because they're that good.
I've had their chicken gyro platter, cheesesteak, and pizza, to name a few dishes, and I was full for days afterward.  
And the price was nice, too.  You will have a little bit of a wait, but any wait is well worth the finished product.Fiesta pizza is definitely middle of the road. The pizza isn't the greatest, in fact at some point I thought I was eating Ellios. The staff is really nice and care about the business. They have good hours and are in a good location, everything a pizza place should be in a city.
Last time I went I ordered a mini-pizza which is advertised to take 5-10 minutes. I ended up waiting 25 and two employees apologized but offered no resolution. At 18 minutes in, one explained to me that they burned the first one and had to make another. I am sure this is just an isolated incident, it wouldn't stop me from going there. 
The prices can be pretty cheap if you order the right things and I never got anything not worthy of eating.okay, I had moved out of the neighborhood and just moved back a few months ago. I believe they have altered the recipe for pizza and I can taste the sauce!Yay! They also now sell mini pizzas, which is wonderful as it is made to order. Delicious. Not greasy pizza. Staff very nice. You can order via internet and they will have food  ready. I also like the salads. I usually order the Greek Salad.I have been ordering pizza from them for over 20 years!
I am sure they have probably changed hands a couple of times, who knows, but that is my fav pizza place. I don't know about everything else, but a small pepperoni w/ sweet peppers, well done w/ extra sauce will always be my staple!FIESTA i love you. Not because your pizza is amazing, which is isn't, but rather because you are exactly what a neighborhood pizza place should be. There are kids running around, ice cream, plastic booths, a certain level of shabbiness, and a light film of pizza oil over everything in the restaurant. I love going here and sitting in one of the booths in the summer after taking a neighborhood walk, eating a slice of pizza, and feeling like i am 14 again in my home town pizza place. No caliber of better pizza in the neighborhood could stop me from frequenting fiesta pizza. it truly is a party.For real, the mini strombolli hits the spot. And it's way cheap. Fiesta suffers the same fate alot of pizza places in West Philly suffer. An over loaded menu. So for the things Fiesta does really good in, there are host of bad plates. Oh, and the ATM never works..Love that they have a mini stromboli. I had the cheesesteak one and it was tasty. Light, fresh dough and very little grease. They have 7 booths & 2 tvs. And I didn't smell like fried food when I left. What more do you want from a pizza joint?I have eaten from here both in-restaurant and ordering take-out.  Almost always I've simply bought a pizza, usually large, sometimes with a few toppings.  Service and quality have both been a solid 4.  Nothing outstanding or mind-blowing but definitely prompt, average prices, fairly polite service.
Solid pizza joint.A solid pie.  A delicious stromboli, and a tasty cheesesteak.  I have not ventured away from these items, other than the wings I guess, which are also pretty damn good, but they're all GOOD.  This is a fits-solidly-in-the-middle between the usually terrible Philly pizza and a delicious, unique pie creation.  Not amazing, but more eatable than most around here.Just left Fiesta... had the chicken gyro platter with Greek salad and fries. DEE-LIC-IOUS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  The fries were pretty good too. Another plus? I got to WHIP my bf's ass in Ms. Pacman while we waited for our food! LOL 
I will DEFINITELY eat there again.Breakfast review only
For $9.94 my boyfriend and I got a turkey sausage egg and cheese sandwich, and I got 3 hot cakes, 2 slices of turkey bacon, 2 pieces of turkey sausage and scrambled eggs ( wow I'm the fat one here... haha!)
Solid pricing -- and OK breakfast. I much prefer the sandwiches at Bui's -- and either same or even cheaper on pricing! 
My hotcakes were okay -- a little dry but good. Eggs were okay, not fluffy but hey what can you expect. Everything was exactly what you would expect from a corner joint.
Their prices are pretty great though. I would not hesitate to try some of their chicken cheesesteaks or pizza one of these days.This place is a hidden gem along Baltimore ave in west philly. The pizza is good for the person just looking for your regular, nothin fancy, but good pizza. The people working are always very friendly, in person and on the phone. Delivery is fast and the prices are reasonable. 
And tonight they delivered me only a milkshake even though it didn't meet the delivery minimum. I guess they could hear the desperation in my voiceNot sure if this place really has good food but I'm bias since I've grown up eating at this place. My dad's dental office is right next door so it was always very convenient for me to eat there! 
Fiesta pizza special!!! I love how they pile on the fresh veggies and how the crust is always the right crispyness :) other than i've had the cheesesteak which is pretty good!
Check it out if you live in the area! I love them! But like I said I'm just a bit bias. I don't think you will find better in the ghettos of W. Philly :)The S. Asians fellows that run this are very good at service; their menu is over 200 items. Our  tuna sandwich was delicious and Fresh! Simple restaurant decoration, but Great food. Our visit was nice because their staff was excellent for service and courtesy this weekendI always order from Fiesta! They have the best buffalo wings ever! I enjoy their club sandwiches, and salads. My uncle in law always order the cheeseburger with fries from the kids menu. He says it's very filling and inexpensive. I will admit, they do make mistakes with the orders, but it doesn't stop me from ordering from them.I moved out or the neighbor hood a year ago, but still visit from time to time.  I had breakfast here this past Sunday and it was delicious.Fiesta Pizza is a solid standby. I order out here regularly when I want something quick and easy. They have a huge variety of food and fair prices. Nothing I've ordered here has ever stood out as "the best" (or near the best) I've ever had, but that's not what I come here for.I live within walking distance of this pizzeria. I have had their cheese steaks and mini Stromboli's, which are very good. I haven't been brave enough to try some of the other dishes, but maybe someday.Went here before seeing a show at Curio Theatre, and I loved it! My friend and I both got ourselve mini pizzas (they don't do slices) and it was delicious! my other two friend both got milkshakes that made me very excited that it's milkshake season! The service was friendly and fast and... yea if you're in the area you should probably go... and see a show at Curio Theatre... just saying"Garlic pizza bread"
A roll transformed into greasy garlic bread, then ladled with pizza sauce and baked with mozzarella cheese on top. Delicious.
Delivery was on time. My boyfriend said the pizza is good for area takeout (better than Aladdin's), but I haven't had it myself.Don't be daunted by the numerous and incongruous menu items; you have every right to be somewhat hesitant when the same kitchen that advertises itself as a pizzeria also claims it can make shrimp teriyaki, egg salad, and fish and chips. . . but if you stick to pizza and pizza-related items (I'm gonna go ahead and put my endorsement on the veggie mini stromboli), you should be fine. I'm not saying that anything on the menu will blow you away--in fact, Fiesta exhibits above average mediocrity--but as far as pizza joints in West Philly go, it doesn't get much better than Fiesta, though it tends to get quite a bit worse. The aforementioned strombolis can take 10 or 15 minutes even when the place is seemingly dead, so call ahead, or bring some quarters for Pacman.I really love this place and have eaten here in person and gotten delivery through GrubHub.  They have a massive selection of pizza, salads, hoagies, cheesesteaks, and various desserts.  Everything I've had has  been well proportioned and a reasonable price.  Whenever I order online, the delivery arrives about 15 minutes before expected and it's hot and fresh!  I've had the regular cheese steak and the pizza steak, as well as the chili fries and the Fiesta Salad.  Very reasonable prices, friendly service, and a convenient location.  Love it!Fiesta Pizza has been around for what seems like most of my life. Me and my family and friends have been ordering food from Fiesta for years. I've never had any problems with the food and even if I did, they would be willing to get things right even if it meant making the food again and if needed making a second delivery. When I call to order, everyone is very nice and patient. The food is very good. I absolutely love their salads. The salads are so big. They are big enough for a couple of people or good for 2 meals. The Stromboli's and pizza are excellent. My mom loves their chili. Everything I've eaten there has been good. That is the only pizza shop in the area that I order food.Like I've said before, I am not a big Pizza eater. They deliver and they are super convenient. My friend turned me on to them. My favorite is their Hawaiian Pizza.A weird statement... but on the fly years ago, I ordered their banana pudding. If you're one of the few people under the age of 65 that enjoys such a delicacy, I'd recommend this place instantly.
Their other food is very run of the mill. It's better to sit in than most West Philly pizza shops, but it's that vanilla wafered homemade banana pudding that has me and Gwen saying, "That ish is bananas" b-a-n-a-n-a-s.This place grew on me.  I got the Fiesta special cheesesteak for $9.95.  It came with fried onions, green peppers and french fries.  I wasn't tasting much cheese so I checked the menu to see if it was a Cheesesteak.  The roll was not a traditional cheese steak roll but it was toasted and I have very strong feelings for it.  It came with a lot of french fries.  Tables, bathroom and the same guy panhandling when I walked across the gas station parking lot.  Good/very good overall experience.Delicious Stromboli. I would say 7.5/10 and I've had a lot of stromboli in my life. Crispy on the outside if you order well done, and they aren't cheap with cheese and pepperoni on the inside. You can get sauce on the side if you're a sauce lover like myself. The beer battered onion rings left a bit to be desired, but not bad. I've heard mixed reviews about their pizza. Hey guys, your stromboli is ALL DAT, I hope the pizza is when I try that next.Man I've been eating at Fiesta for at least 7 years now. Even with management changing its food never changed. They have every item in the world you can think of but I've never had a bad meal here. Except that one time I tried a quesadilla. But overall it's one of the few quick eat n' go spots left on Baltimore Ave IMO. 
The main attraction here is the pizza. I love their "mini-pizza" option. They don't sell buy the slice, but the mini pizza is so worth the wait. An average slice of 3-4 hour old pizza anywhere in west philly will cost between $3.00-4.00 dollars so paying $3.50-4.75 is a bad deal at all. You have to wait 5-10min but that's what games on your phone are for. 
The pizza is a classic slightly greasy, crusty edged, cheesy as hell pizza. It's not cute. Just the way I like it. I appreciate my fancy wood oven baked pizza with interesting ingredients, but sometimes you just want a plain ole pizza. Fiesta fits the bill.The first time I ordered from Fiesta Pizza, I got a piece of cheesecake that was frozen SOLID and a chicken cheesesteak that was cold as ice. The fries were edible. I vowed to never order from them again.
So why I managed to forget and order a second time six months later I'll never know, but I did. That it could be worse the second time around is a miracle.
First, I have some good news. If you have been wondering whatever became of Sheneneh Jenkins from "Martin", look no further; she works the phones at Fiesta Pizza. She called me twenty minutes after my order went in (via GrubHub) to let me know that they didn't have chocolate cheesecake (although it was on the menu.) I agreed to accept pineapple instead.
My order arrived 20 minutes late. Here's the breakdown:
Cheesecake was soggy and mushy. As if it had been frozen and then microwaved.
Fries were COLD.
Mozzarella sticks were COLD, and the sauce had an uncomfortable tang that I would describe as "gone bad."
The hamburger was surprisingly decent. The meat was a little tough, and they did not put the bun on the side as requested. Still, I would give it a 6/10.
The chicken gyro was DISGUSTING. The pita was just an envelope of mush and the chicken slivers inside were dry like cardboard. 90% of it went into the trash.
In fact 90% of this entire MEAL went into the trash and GrubHub gave me a credit on my account for the cost of my order.
Do yourself a favor and eat some ground glass instead of ordering from Fiesta Pizza.ordered 1:15 min ago. called 30 min ago they said the delivery guy is already in his way. 30 min later... no delivery guy.
pretty sure they just forgotOrdered from them years ago and they had terrible service then so much hasn't changed. I decided to order from them again thinking they changed but little did i know that was a huge mistake. My husbands food had a too much salt even though i put no salt in the comment section. My salmon wrap had hair in it. Now when i called to complain about it the girl was questioning me about what kind of hair was in it i told her it was a straight piece of hair. She then told me no one there has straight hair well my family texture of hair Is kinky, coils. That girl said that they would replace the wrap but not my husbands salty chicken cheese steak. Will not order from that dirty place again. Total disappointment.I ordered the shrimp pizza (questioned it the entire time smh) the pizza looked okay I noticed it was no big full shrimp I expected that so I figured they cut up some shrimp in the sauce or something. However to my surprise I received a pizza with canned shrimp tossed on the top. The shrimp were all discolored some gray some pink some a lil baked looking. I called the restaurant and the cook would not confirm where the shrimp come from or how long do they keep seafood. I'm afraid I'm going to get sick because I ate about 3 slices before finally looking under the cheese to see the smallest shrimp (yes that small) I'd ever seen. They never once offered to switch the pizza out or anything. I plan to visit the restaurant soon to address the manager the min I get time. They should be shameful serving old food or canned food at their establishment. The pizza is good (the basics) but don't risk your health there are other pizza stores just as good. Spend your money somewhere cleaner. 
Someone I know told me earlier this year someone had roaches in their soup I didn't believe them but now I mean it completely possible.  I just won't be eating here and thought y'all should know why.Went by and did a pick up. They forgot my pizza n I call and ask them to deliver to my house which is 10 min away. Talk to owner n owner say he will change me $2 deliver charge. Which I told him it was his worker mistake for her not give to me. Also cheese steak sandwich is old bread. Bread was hard.I ordered a chicken Cheesteak for myself and a small pizza for my daughter. The order came up to $20 (rounded). Needless to say, it was a total waste of money. The pizza barely had any cheese, the pepperoni was shriveled up and dry. As far as the "steak"? More onions than meat. The roll was tiny and the meat didn't even extend to the ends of it. When I opened the bread, I could clearly see the inside crease as ther was only "meat" on either side of the bun. I was tired from work so I thought I would treat is out. Guess who had to wind up cooking anyway because we couldn't tolerate the food? 
Never again.The pizza here is actually decent.. However the customer service needs some work. A bunch of yelling back and forth. Can barely hear yourself in all the chaos.  Had a cheesesteak from Fiesta and the meat was dry, old and didn't taste good at all. Bread was stale as well.  I'd stop by for a slice though.I initially was quite happy with Fiesta Pizza, and for a few weeks was ordering a giant meat lovers pizza for my son and his friends after their band practice every week... The location was convenient and the kids seemed to like the pizza. Until today. We got our usual and brought it home only to bite into it and find that the pizza was not fully cooked. By not fully cooked I mean literally raw gooey dough in the center of each slice. The kids were doing their best to eat it and only when I checked it myself did I realize they weren't exaggerating. I put the pizza in my own oven to finish cooking it, and called fiesta to report that the pizza wasn't fully cooked. A very sweet and sympathetic lady answered the phone, and she apologized and said she would speak to her manager to see if there was something they could do... At this point I could literally hear her explaining my situation, and the manager and other employees talking dirt about me and scoffing in the background. The woman got back on the phone, apologized again, and said that her manager told her the next time I ordered a pizza to make sure I put a special note in my order requesting that it be "extra cooked or well done."I explained to her that that seemed to imply that I was exaggerating, and again stated that the pizza was literally raw gooey dough in the center, and that I had been getting the same pizza from them for weeks and never had this problem before. She again apologized. I got off the phone, wasn't satisfied with that answer, and got back on the phone and asked to speak to the manager directly. The manager was unwilling to speak to me, and I could hear the woman advocating that they give me a free pizza, only to be told that if I came back tonight I could get another one. I said that I didn't need another pizza tonight since it was late, and I had already recooked the uncooked pizza, but that if they gave me the next one free I would continue to give them another try. The woman asked the manager, again I could hear him in the background asking what kind of pizza I got, and she told him that I got a giant meat lovers... His response was "that's a $24 pizza, no!" Despite the fact that he was willing to give me that same $24 pizza tonight when I didn't need it, he refused to speak to me or give me the same $24 pizza on a different night when it actually would be useful, but only offered, again through the nice lady, a $5 coupon on my next order. I told the woman that I would not be going back to fiesta Pizza again, that I didn't think that that was a satisfactory response to giving somebody a raw pizza, and I thanked her, and only her, for being considerate and empathetic.
So maybe 4 out of 5 times you'll get a good pizza at fiesta, but the fifth time it will be completely uncooked, the manager and employees will refuse to speak to you and talk dirt about you, and you will not be able to get a refund. You decide.Simply put, I will never order from Fiesta Pizza again. Through a series of mix-ups on their part, my order took an hour and a half to arrive just about a mile away. When the delivery man arrived, all he could say was, "Bad traffic." Honestly, for the amount of effort I put into receiving this food, I should have gotten it for free, or at least some sort of discount. The food was sort of warm, but definitely not hot. I ordered the "Mega Fries" with cheese and bacon. Both the cheese sauce and the bacon had a funny flavor leaving much to be desired. I also ordered an item off their menu entitled "Assorted Pies." There were no options, so I wrote in for them to bring any kind of fruit pie, pecan pie, or pumpkin pie, but instead I got a "bean pie." I realize I took a chance on that one, but I still feel that I got cheated. I ordered a chicken parmigiana grinder, which was good, but once again was not hot. Overall, I was very unimpressed by my experience with Fiesta Pizza. Throughout the entire process, I received one apology, from the man who answered the phone. He also promised to call back but never did. There are much better options in the area. Just don't eat here.
UPDATE: The food did a number on my digestive system too.Love that they have a mini stromboli. I had the cheesesteak one and it was tasty. Light, fresh dough and very little grease. They have 7 booths & 2 tvs. And I didn't smell like fried food when I left. What more do you want from a pizza joint? 
I spoke to soon. I'd expect tasty pizza & hot wings! My double pizza was doughy with cheese that slid off as soon as I picked up a slice. And the hot wings were inedible. Drenched with clumpy red sauce. Disgusting! One star for the mini Stromboli & atmosphere.Not bad if you're hosting a game night party and want to wait over 2 hours for delivery of 3 large pizzas. Even better if you want to be yelled at when you call to gently inquire on about pizzas. My favorite thing about this bottom feeder pizza hole is that when the pizza does arrive 2 hours after ordering, it's lukewarm. WHO WANTS LUKEWARM PIZZA? Yum!
Another call to this dump only to hear that our options are to return the pizza for a refund OR we'll be given a generous $10 off of the credit card used for purchase. 
Nasty and rude problem solving! Nasty and rude manager!
Anything short of an apology and a full refund is unacceptable!
We will be watching and will do everything we can to shut you down! #healthdeptinspections. 
If I could post a pic of poop, I'd insert it here.There are many good pizza shops in this community! Why go here? I have ordered a chicken platter and I got a four chicken wings... I made a phone call and their attitude is very bad! (man! There is price difference!!!!!!!) Not a honest business. Their bacon pizza is super oily. Not tasty. Seems they deep fried the pizza! Besides, their customer service is awful! They only pay more attention on their cell phone when I was standing in front of cashier for few minutes.Food is cool but service is TERRIBLE!!!!
Ordered 90 minutes ago, called thrice, and I'm still hungry smh...mind u I live, literally three minutes away by car...smh...
Needless to say, as I walk to Lucky's Chinese, I will never order from them again...and would advise anyone else to take their time and money elsewhere!!!!!
#bogus100% the worst pizza in the world.  I've lived in this neighborhood for 27 years, and have wanted nothing to do with this place for every minute of it.I placed an order on Grubhub for wings. I got a call asking if I wanted buffalo, medium, or bbq wings, I replied medium. When I got the wings they were bbq so is I called in. I was rudely informed that medium aren't offered, that they only make buffalo and honey bbq, and that I was wrong. Communication and customer service aren't dead. I won't be ordering from here again. Zestos is better anyway!"Meh. I've experienced better." barely encapsulates Fiesta's extreme level of mediocrity. They should be utterly ashamed of the chicken gyro they served me. Watery sauce, limp lettuce, overly-spicy, and greasy, and those were the good points. Ugh. I don't even like reliving the memory. After that experience, I'm not willing to go back and give them another shot. If I need greasy goodness, Best House is much better.
To sum up: For the $5 and change it takes to buy a bad gyro at Fiesta, take your hungry tummy over to Fu Wah's and get a sandwich or tofu hoagie and make your mouth happy.I really want to like this place, but even the second time around it was on the lower side of medium.  I got the #4 special: large sausage pizza, dozen mild wings, and a 2 liter for $13.99.  There's nothing wrong with the pizza, it's just sort of boring... even for a pizza.  Same goes for the wings.  Plenty of sauce, but the wings were smaller than other similar nearby takeout places and to be quite honest, they didn't taste as fresh as they could have been.  All in all, if it wasn't for the convenience I probably would patronize Fiesta more than once every few months.
($20 min on credit card purchases)When I say I use to love this place and this last experience was by far the worst service I have ever recieved!! They have an app that messed up and didn't confirm the payment that was made so when the driver came with the food he stated I owed him money. I explained that it was paid for HE didn't want to wait called the store and then said if I didn't have cash he was leaving. It has been over 30.mins since my food should have been here and the store is only 10.mins max from.my.house. I called the store and the young lady laughed like I was exaggerating the time frame. It's cool won't be going back there I know people who give better service when you are supporting their businessRecently ordered a large/10" cheese pizza and a Greek salad, and I was pretty impressed.
The pizza was totally fine, waaaay better than other neighborhood pizza. The Greek salad was fresh & beautiful, and had a generous amount of toppings including a whole block of feta. The lettuce wasn't wilty and didn't have those pink edges that older lettuce gets; it was crispy and green. It's kind of grungy inside Fiesta, so I get a bit worried when we go to pick up our order, but both items were great this time. It can be hit or miss on the freshness of the salad.The manager doesn't do anything to correct the employees when they are acting blatantly transphobic towards the patrons.I was the only customer in the place, and this is how it went:  The cheesesteak was so dry, like sawdust in a bun.  2 out of 2 requested extra ingredients were left out, but paid for.  I said I wanted to eat there, but my meal was packed to go.  Fries were sweaty and soggy after the one block walk home.  I did not feel like having a fiesta.I walked in here to grab a bite because it was after 3pm and I hadn't eaten anything yet and my fave spot had moved to another location, I was pressed for food so I said "hey why not?" Let's give this place a try. Big mistake, the cashier was flat out rude... when my order was ready she called the order out like five times in less than 30 seconds as if any human being would be able to walk over to the counter THAT fast, on top of it all she handed me my food in a to go container assuming I wanted to take the food with me which I didn't, I wanted to eat inside which she would've known have she bothered to ask in the first place! 
I sit down and start to eat my very bad BBQ chicken wings and I noticed that this same cashier that was rude to me came over to another table in which this lady was sitting with a little girl, she brought her food over and was nice and polite with them!! How am I any different than the other patrons in this restaurant?! I really do not want to make this a racial profile issue but I am going to have to unfortunately, if you aren't black I wouldn't recommend.... the way you will be treated isn't worth the bad food. Go elsewhere you aren't missing anything good, trust me!!Maybe consider a different pizza spot. Fiesta Pizza will most certainly leave you infuriated and maybe even a little bit hungry. We ordered two large pizzas via the Slice app Friday, and it was an absolutely awful, awful experience. We placed the order at 8:15pm. It arrived - lukewarm - at a whopping 10:15pm. I called shortly before 10:00pm and was told the driver had had car problems en route and would be arriving within a few minutes. A few minutes goes by and no driver. Finally the driver arrives unaware of the car problems he'd ostensibly had during the delivery. That was just the beginning. Here is the real kicker. When I called to see if we'd get a refund or significant discount, Fiesta gave us two unacceptable and fairly shocking options: we could receive 10% off or return the pizzas back to the restaurant for a full refund. Wow! After waiting two long hours for delivery and perhaps being misled about the driver's whereabouts, Fiesta Pizza thought it reasonable and fair we wait even longer to return the pizzas for fresh ones. The logistics alone confuse me. Would the same driver handle the return of the lukewarm pizzas? Would he again experience car problems and we receive the new pizzas at say 1am Saturday morning? And have we forgotten the pandemic? Was Fiesta really asking a group of seven to inspect pizzas and then potentially return them back? Is that Covid-safe? We were expecting a discount to the tune of around 50%, roughly 25% for each hour we waited. Or, no fee at all. But all of this is a bit moot because suggesting we return the pizzas raises a serious red flag about the health and safety procedures practiced by Fiesta Pizza. So we filed a consumer complaint with PA's Dept of Agriculture. In the interim, we recommend ordering from any other pizza shop in the neighborhood using an established app. The Slice app does not offer any accountability.Had thee worst experience in Philadelphia. Someone recommended this place and so I downloaded the slice app and placed my order. I picked up the order. When I got home, I noticed the order was not complete. I called the restaurant and they told me that I would have to pay for delivery or get a soda (which was not wat I ordered). I just wanted the complete order. They said I would have to go through slice and when I called Slice support, they said the restaurant will not issue a refund for inconvenience of me having to come back twice, use gas and search viciously for parking, waste my time, etc. I will not be returning at all because any place that has this poor customer service does not deserve my hard earned dollars.It's called Fiesta Pizza because it's a party in my mouth (I really should marketing some of these one-liner's). As Rachel sums up I don't love it because the pizza is amazing (it's kind of far from it).But I love it because it's a neighborhood pizza joint that offers a lot of things that I would never expect to order a neighborhood pizza joint.
Before Fiesta Pizza I never thought I'd be able to order shrimp stir fry at a pizza joint. But I saw it on the menu and was feeling kind of adventurous so figured why not? And it was so huge that it hooked up 2 meals worth of shimp, rice, carrots, peas, onions, and more goodness. So in a lot of ways it was the perfect meal(s) for less than $8. As Dan says the menu is overloaded, it's so overloaded that they actually really need to give their take out menu a good update. But in a lot of ways so many options aren't entirely a bad thing.I give 2 stars because their wing sauce is great and their pizza is ok. However, some of the wings I received were scraps and their "blue cheese" is some gross thin, tasteless excuse. If you can pick up the wings and examine the pieces, I'm sure they'd be good. Just make sure you have your own blue cheese too.A nice and clean establishment located in a nice neighborhood. I was in the mood for some garlic wings. Low and behold, I was in the wrong place. There were only 4 variety of wings on the menu. I ordered the mild ones. Needless to say, it's a "one and done" for me. The mild sauce was flavorful but the wings seemed to be undercooked. Staff was ok; no complaints. It's called Fiesta Pizza. Maybe I should've ordered the pizza!My family and I order from this restaurant often with little to no complaints. Today we placed an order through Grubhub which we never received although the driver called saying he was outside. When we contacted the restaurant we were advised that the driver called in error, that he should arrive shortly. 30mins went by and still no food. We tried calling the driver but no answer. We contacted Grubhub, the rep told us that the order was reportedly dropped off 20mins ago and this driver is actually employed by the restaurant not Grubhub. She will contact the restaurant for further information. The restaurant informed her that the driver was running behind and should arrive within 20mins. One hour went by still no food or contact. We called the restaurant again, the young lady who answered the phone was very rude and nonchalant so we requested to speak with the Manager. She informed us that he was out making deliveries. This is absolutely unacceptable especially when you have young kids waiting for food. Two hours had went by with no updates, food or refund. Fiesta do better!!Meatloaf, stromboli
were fine, had large portions, but
the onion rings sucked.
(Meatloaf was okay, with so-so coleslaw & bad powdery onion rings. Stromboli had standard pizza toppings inside, crispy outside.)
2.5 starsWe placed an order to Fiesta Pizza through a third party online service.
Due to issues with that service, they never sent Fiesta Pizza the order.
Obviously this was not Fiesta's fault.  However, after an hour, when I called Fiesta to ask about our order, they told me that it was out of delivery and would be there in 5 minutes.  Of course the order never actually arrived.  A half hour later, the Fiesta was closed and did not answer my phone calls. Not a pleasant experience.
I want to be clear -- I don't blame Fiesta Pizza for not receiving my order since that was out of both of our control.  I do blame them for giving me false information and not taking the time to actually check the order.BEWARE!!!!!!This is by far the nastiest food and service I have ever received in Philly!!!!! The food was soggy and gross. I ate only a small portion and ended up sick.  I called and spoke with the manager he was extremely rude and unwilling to make things right with the order. I will never order here again and I suggest you skip this place all together and save your money or spend it somewhere where they actually value their customers and take pride in their food and service.The food here is extremely lacking and the customer service and the ownership here are extremely rude and do not care about customer service at all. Fiesta used to be a top pizza place back in the day but it is steadily declining. The management really needs to clean up and renovate the place it has had the same interior and exterior for 20+ years. Fiesta has lost soo much business due to there poor customer service, ill-management practices, and declining food quality and ingredients.