I grew up nearby so I have gotten takeout here many times. Even though the name is Fiesta Pizza, the pizza is a little ho hum, except for maybe the Greek pizza. Their crust is a bit dry and crispy. Not bad, but not great.
Their steaks and hoagies are better. I have had many a cheesesteak hoagie from here, as well as Genoa salami and provolone hoagies, Italian hoagies, roast beef hoagies, tuna hoagies, turkey hoagies, etc. Gyros are equally good. Good strombolis if you are very hungry. Wings are nice and juicy, not dry. They have an extensive menu so feel free to try their pastas, etc. You'll get large portions. A family favorite has always been their chicken caesar salad with large strips of grilled chicken and dressing on the side. They also typically have baklava at the counter for dessert. Yum.
The cheesesteaks may be better at Dalessandro's next door, but Fiesta wins with variety and quick service.Everything we have had from here is delicious.  Stromboli and wings are the best things.  The catering size chicken fingers was a big hit at our last party.  This is our go to family party food place.I have to say we order from this place QUITE often and every time we do we swear it will be the last time! Each time we are consistently disappointed. Whether it is an order that is wrong, poor food quality or SLOW delivery service-we are disgusted. The only reason we order from this place consistently is because we have the convenience of ordering online as well as paying with a debit card via the Internet. A great feature that would be even better if it was accompanied with great service. 
About a month ago we ordered from fiestas and the order wasn't delivered for over an hour. We called and talked to Steve (the owner) who assured us he would make it up to us. We are not looking for any comps or free things but rather quality service. The guy who delivered told us that the entire kitchen staff was just replaced so they were working out their kinks. 
Things have continuously gone down hill. Even packaging of the food is sloppy and isn't consistent with the standards we were used to from Steve and Desapina. 
Won't be ordering from here. We would rather frequent Apollos (east falls), tony ronis and golden crust.They hang up the phone and disconnect it after 12 do not bother even ordering online I wasted 2 hours starving for them to tell me "sorry we didn't get any orders" Honestly I've had their food couple times not even all that, rather just go to wawa from now onWe have been a loyal customer for a year the same order a small plain pie for our kids today they brought the wrong order and I called to let them know and the ignorant girl who takes orders over the phone told me tough they don't fix orders there.  Also the manager refused to give us the right food after I paid 27.00 for food I threw away.  So I will never order there again horrible customer service they are rude without your customers you wouldn't have your business so start treating people nicer you horrible restaurant full of jerksThis place is absolutely awful.  Ordered takeout wings and pizza.  The wings were actually surprisingly good and very meaty...so that's a plus.  Now to the pizza.  I could have gone to the grocery store, got a frozen pizza, and popped it in the oven and it tasted 20 times better.  We ordered these late on a Friday night and when the delivery guy got there (late), we were all shocked at how small and unattractive they were (the pizzas).  Our two go-to pizza places were closed at this time in the evening and we were left to try this place....not ordering from here again if we want pizza.I ordered the shrimp scampi with broccoli. The meal came with a salad and roll. My meal was pretty decent. The shrimps in the pasta were large, deveined and clean. The noodles were perfectly cooked but the broccoli was way overcooked. With that being said, my husbands meal was horrible. He ordered a large white pizza with chicken and broccoli. I have never seen a pizza look that way.  Each slice of pizza had one strip of chicken on them and again, overcooked broccoli. Since pizza is in their name, you would think they would have mastered the art of making pizza by now...go figure. If that's a new way of making that type of pizza, I encourage you to STOP! My husband was extremely pissed and I felt bad considering my meal wasn't bad. Fiesta Pizza, step up your game. To the pizza guy that made my hubby's pizza, you may want to consider taking a pizzamaking class...hint hint.An all time family favorite.
Everything in Fiesta tastes good. No matter what you order. The price is cheap and the inside has a decent sit down enviroment. The pizza is just that 'good'. Not bad and not great. 
Pretty simple. For good food at a good price, try Fiesta.I'm from Ohio and thus place was recommended by locals as the place to go to experience the true taste of Philly. An extremely wide variety of food, from Italian style seafood to the classic Philly cheesesteak. Would recommend for locals as well as anyone out of the area.This is my second time at Fiesta Pizza, in Roxborough.  Both times were good experiences.  The mushroom pizza is great, and the cheese steaks are out of this world - fantastic.  I will continue to return.  A nice neighborhood pizza restaurant, in a good neighborhood.This place is great! I love the pizza fries (but ask for extra sauce) and the buffalo wings!! MMM!!Fiesta Pizza consistently delivers hot cheesy pizza, tender chicken fingers, and delicious fries. The delivery is prompt even during high traffic times (such as eagles games) when other local places are very backed up. It is an affordable option for pizza night.Based on other reviews, it looks like they may have some pretty good sandwiches and wings, but this review is based solely on the greek pizza. Mine had what appears to be over half a can of canned olives. Firstly, canned olives are not good. Secondly, if they took more care placing them on the pizza, maybe there wouldn't be olive pits on it, too.
Others say they like the greek pizza, so maybe this is just a training issue, but I won't be ordering it anymore.Really disappointed with my order. I've ordered cheeseteaks from Fiesta before and they were pretty good. We were really let down with the order today. We got a large pizza which seemed like the smallest large I've ever ordered. It tasted like there was no sauce on this pizza, almost like an over priced chuck e cheese pizza. Fries were also mediocre, they tasted like they're old but just reheated. Probably not going to waste my money here again.Fiesta is one of our favorite delivery places. They have a large menu and the food always arrives hot. We discovered them when searching for places that deliver pasta. The portions are huge, and the leftovers were still delicious. We got baked ziti with sausage, lasagna, and chicken parm with spaghetti. All were fantastic.Just a heads up to make sure you check any food ordered from Fiesta as I was eating a salad and felt something unusual reached in and pulled out a piece of glass.  Things happen I understand that but when I called to speak to the owner about it so that he was aware he told me it was bullshit and I was lying (yes I have pictures) wasnt looking for anything but maybe an apology would have been nice.  Just a PSA be aware of what's in your food.  I have heard alot about other issues there.  Bugs in food.  Wrong food given to people and I could go on.  All I can say is DON'T GO THERE.I am a Fiesta Pizza addict.  They have the best wings in town; they are big and meaty and I love that you can order them extra well done for the crispiness.  I'm not sure what's in their pizza crust but I think it's amazing.  And their BBQ chicken pizza and Greek pizza and delicious.  Also, they have some great specials.  I am a huge fan of their chicken parm special as you get enough food to feed two people for ~$10.  They have fairly quick delivery and it's nice you can track it online.  It's definitely a place I love to pig-out at when I feel like having some junk food (although it's not junk!).I ordered the Gyro Sandwich and Spinach Pie!!  OMG-I had to stop eating so I could leave this review.  I love Greek food and Fiesta did not disappoint! So, SO, good!!
It was hot, it was fresh, it was delicious! Oh and the delivery was not too long of a wait either.  :0)The Greek pizza is amazing and the salads are huge.  Never been disappointed with anything I've ordered.  You get a 10% off your first online order.Was told this place has legit pizza and let me tell you, this pizza is pretty legit. The crust was soft but a little crunchy, the sauce was sweet with a hint of spices, and the cheese was melted to perfection. I usually like to add extra cheese but that's not needed with this pie.
Delicious, simple, and cheap.This was a great pizza place! It was open late, the menu is extensive, and we loved our food.They were 35 min passed the promised time for one pizza and one order of onion rings. I called to make sure everything was ok, and the man on the phone was very rude and didn't care. He said it'd be there soon and hung up the phone. If that were my company and it took two hours to deliver a small order I'd be a little more apologetic. The order was freezing when I received it. I ordered a BBQ chicken pizza and it was like 6 inches of cheese and a few tiny drops of BBQ sauce. So much cheese that I got sick from the hardened cheese in my stomach. 
I give this place two stars because the dough they use is very good and the prices are fair.  Do not tip before delivery...you'll regret that.Ordered for take out. These guys are really rude. I called, placed in order, waited for an hour and a half, and called wondering where my food was. They didn't pick up. I called the next day and they said they closed??? it was 4:30 Pm on a friday. I asked for my money back and they wanted me to drive in and get it. Overall, not a great experience and do not recommend to anyone at all, even if youre about to die and this is the only option.We moved to East Falls last month and have been trying all the local pizza places as we haven't had time to cook while unpacking.  Fiesta Pizza II was the first place with a legit buffalo chicken cheese steak and an Italian Stromboli.  Glad we found a good pizza joint close by.Awesome wings. Seriously some of the best wings you can get from a pizza shop  ask for well done or extra crispy and you can't go wrong. Pizza is also good. I'm not a big fan of Greek pizza usually but I like this pizza. 
They are surrounded by two cheesteak powerhouses but they somehow manage to hold there own. Maybe the least talked about cheesesteak in the area but its one of the best.  Delivery is always fast and arrives hot. All in all fiesta is a Very solid pizza place.I just received my delivery from Fiesta Pizza.  I always order two burgers and a carrot cake.  Their delivery service was freaky fast!
They gave me a double cheeseburger.  It was well cooked and pleasantly delicious.  Their carrot cake is REALLY fresh and home made.  I highly recommend you to get that if you canok, so ill start by saying that this place has great food for a typical delivery-fast(ish)-food place. good pizza, great wings, nothing i havent liked.
the only con i have about Fiestas is that if you order a side (ie. Hot Sauce) they charge you $0.40 each, and they'll probably forget it in your order.This is definitely my favorite pizza place in Manayunk. The buffalo chicken pizza is the best I've ever had. I used to live in the area and have tried this dish at many other places but none compare to fiesta. I'm sad that I can't order from there as often but when I'm in the area I always order fiesta! I usually do so through Grubhub and have never had any problems. They always deliver on time and the foot is always fresh and hot. Love this place!We ordered pick up from here tonight.  It was ready quickly, which is a plus. The inside has some booths you can sit and eat at if you wanted to dine in.  
We ordered a cheesesteak and baked ziti. The cheesesteak was very good and I would totally order it again. The ziti was alright I did not like the sauce and there was no ricotta cheese, just mozzarella.  Overall I would order a cheesesteak again.This is the worst Pizza I have ever had. I've had better from the freezer. Curly fries were good but that hardly makes up for this pizza abomination.My favorite place is Chubby's but I ordered from here Friday night. Wish I knew they delivered to my neighborhood sooner. A tad expensive but fast delivery and excellent food. I'll pay for that with a smile all day!Very good Greek style pizza.  Wings are also very solid.  The mozz fries are also good.  Try a Stromboli too.  My gf likes the veggie one.  I go for a meat option.  Quick and friendly service.  Nothing not to like.  Give them a try.Ended up going with a pizza and a bacon chicken cheesesteak.  Wanted to try the pizza but felt blasphemous for ordering a cheesesteak from a restaurant a stones throw away from Dellasandros.
The cheese steak was moderate in size but tasted awesome.  Nice crunchy, crispy bacon on there helped the cause.  I would still prefer Dellsandros especially for the price.
The pizza was adequate, almost slightly better than the area average, but once again moderate in size about $10 for 16''.  Descent food, but prob won't be headed back anytime soon.I haven't been back since 2015. Bare hands in the food. So gross. Sad because I use to love the pasta but only god knows a what was actually in it.They were 35 min passed the promised time for one pizza and one order of onion rings. I called to make sure everything was ok, and the man on the phone was very rude and didn't care. He said it'd be there soon and hung up the phone. If that were my company and it took two hours to deliver a small order I'd be a little more apologetic. The order was freezing when I received it. I ordered a BBQ chicken pizza and it was like 6 inches of cheese and a few tiny drops of BBQ sauce. So much cheese that I got sick from the hardened cheese in my stomach. 
I give this place two stars because the dough they use is very good and the prices are fair.  Do not tip before delivery...you'll regret that.  
Update: I guess I forgot how bad this place is. Last night I ordered pizza and wings. Took them 2 hours to deliver it. I called after 45min past the promise time, they forgot to put it in the POS system. They refused a discount for the trouble and told me I can have a free 2L soda. They forgot the soda when they delivered the food two hours later. I called, the girl answering phones refused to let me speak to a manager, I assume she's the one that screws up all the time. They came out an hour later and gave me the soda.OK if you're looking for a quick fix. Fiesta has decent food and a lot on their menu. Like other Fiesta Pizzas, it's Greek influenced, and they have some Greek items on their menu (Wish they had more).
Fiesta offers discounts for online orders, which is convenient and helpful.
Food is normally ready in 20-30 minutes, but can vary in the evening as they get really busy.
Not the best pizza in the world (Roma pizza is a 1/2 mile away), otherwise fresh food and friendly staff.Stopped in tonight to pick up a pie on my way home.  Service was quick and friendly, the place is very clean as well.  Went with a plain cheese pizza, and it was good - not excellent, but not bad.  Cheap prices, and close to my house.  I would definitely go back here and try other things on the menu - they have it all from hoagies to wings, salads, gyros, and tons of fried foods.Love love LOVEEE Fiesta. The food is so good and it's consistent. I can order anything from salads to cheese steaks and of course PIZZA and I'm always happy. My mom is the pickiest eater on the planet she can find something wrong with Everything but Fiesta is the only place she eats with no concern or complaint. Thanks for quality guys!We ordered pizza, wings and a cheesesteak.  The pizza was pretty awful. It was the quality of a cheap frozen pizza and the large looked very small.  We ordered the wings extra well done.. They were barely done. You could tell the fryer was not shaken or moved while cooking as you can see on plain wings where they were touching other wings and weren't fully cooked in spots. The other half of the wings had hot sauce.. It was a greasy sauce with little heat.  The blue cheese was awful too.  The cheesesteak was above average. That says a lot considering the neighborhood has some great cheesesteak places. Delivery was fast. Prices were more than fair. All in all we probably won't order again.. Unless we just want cheesesteaks.Got a Mediterranean pizza via Grubhub. Delivery was timely, but the pizza was just eh. Super, super greasy, to start. None of the veggies really tasted fresh, and the meat on it was very odd (little strips of what looked like that cheap cheesesteak meat). It was cheaper than any other pizza in the area though, so I'll give it that. If you can afford it though, do Zesto's or something instead.Live less than a mile away and ordered a large pizza. Took 45 minutes and their large is only 6 slices (the size of a usual medium). The price was way terrible for it's size and something that sould have provided leftovers hardly fed our Eagles party. The place is called Fiesta Pizza. What kind of sad one-man parties do they plan on catering?15 years ago this place was probably the best to get a cheese steak. Not the same anymore. Customer service is still good. Workers are very nice but food is not the same anymore. I used to love they wings. Still make a great stromboli.We got pizza from here once, I believe because it was a Sunday night after 11:00 pm and they were one of the only places open (I think the next day was a government holiday). We got a medium or large (about 16") white pie with spinach and ricotta that really wasn't half-bad. Their crust is a slightly thicker (a little under a half-inch) pan style job that is likely pre-made. It fit the bill though because the combination of a soft but slightly thick crust held the oil and cheese from the white pizza well. I don't think I'd want to get a pizza with sauce from these guys though... I have a feeling it'd probably be a soggy mess on this type of crust. 
But as it was, I actually liked the pizza enough that the next time it was late and we were hungry, I actually suggested we get it again! My boyfriend admitted that the pizza wasn't as bad as he was thinking it might be but the experience wasn't quite good enough to ease his suspicions about a place with a Mexican name that makes Greek and Italian food. Fair enough! We've never been back and I doubt if we ever will be but the one experience we did have was positive IMO!Ordered a pepperoni cheesesteak, there was literally 1 pepperoni cut into 3 tiny pieces. I also ordered a chicken gyro - it tastes like it was soaked in vinegar. I've had several run ins with them, tried to give them a chance & that clearly was a mistake.This is based on the actual food, it's really good. My son likes the Cheese burgers and they have prices that are great! Meat lovers pizza was great and the chick tenders weren't bad they have a lot on Their menu which I loveFiesta Pizza always satisfies!! They are always quick, super friendly, and always wanting to help. They not only have the best food on their menu, but they also are always willing to take the time and customize your order to the way you want it. Today, I customized my own pizza special and it came out fabulous! If you are looking for some amazing food and awesome customer service this is the place to go!(:Great pizza! Quick delivery:) My favor pizza is buffalo chicken and the fettuccine Alfredo shrimp pasta .. I definitely recommend it !!!Scum bags I've ordered from them for years, ordered a large and delivered a small, denied it and still charged me, low life pizza place never againVegetarians stay away!!!!! This place is disgusting!!! I ordered the eggplant pram sandwich as I am a vegetarian and that is one of the few things w/o meat on the menu. Half way through eating the sandwich, I bit into something hard. There is a CHICKEN WING in my eggplant parm!!!! I immediately told the cashier and they offered to make me something else. At that point I had already eaten more than half of it and just wanted my money back... which they did not offer to give back to me. 
Also this place doesn't serve pizza by the slice and like many pizza shops prices of sandwiches are exorbitant. I paid more than 9$ for a mediocre sandwich.Fiesta Pizza always satisfies!! They are always quick, super friendly, and always wanting to help. They not only have the best food on their menu, but they also are always willing to take the time and customize your order to the way you want it. Today, I customized my own pizza special and it came out fabulous! If you are looking for some amazing food and awesome customer service this is the place to go!(:Went here one weekend to get some food for the Eagles game and now I am addicted. Great pan pizza the wings are awesome too. Definitely my go to place now.Amazing food, hoagies are the bomb. Friendly staff, would come back any day. Recommend this pizza shop to everyone, there are so many delicious options to choose from!I haven't gone to this place in many years. Not b/c I didn't like it or that I had a bad experience, I recall the food being just okay, mediocre even, but not at all memorable. So, living in a neighborhood w/ so many better more 'memorable' options, I just never thought to try it again. That is until tonight when on a whim ( & w/ help of grub hub)  While searching for pasta I took a chance! The descriptions of their pasta dinners helped with the decision as well. The options were different then the rest. I ordered Baked Ziti Arrabiatta, garlic bread and a Snapple. Food arrived in timely fashion as promised and it was piping hot, which initially raised concerns bc I assumed it meant that the penne would likely be over cooked and mushy. However, that was not the case, the noodles were perfect 'el dente! Pasta dishes from pizza shops tend to be bland and typically require extra seasoning. However,  I tasted it first and oooh yesss! On point, no extras needed for this dish! Flavorful for sure! Overall I'm impressed and will certainly, check out the rest of menu in futureUsed to order from here all the time.  The food is usually good.  Our last order was almost an hour late.  The business is three streets away from our house!! No excuse for that! Will not be ordering again.No quality control in the kitchen. I was delivered a chicken parmigiana and pasta with a 3 inch by 1 inch long piece of cracking rubber marinated in the dishI'll keep this short. I'm a huge pizza fan, and honestly pretty easy to impress as far as quality is concerned. Pizza's not hard to make "decent," but pretty difficult to make "great." 
Fiesta doesn't even qualify as decent. The size of the pie was very small for the price and the quality just wasn't good at all. Honestly, I've yet to find a decent pizza place in the area. I honestly haven't had anything else off their menu, but I can say that the pizza is nothing to write home about...unless you're writing to tell them that the pizza wasn't that good.Delivery is always on time. The food here is prepared well and it's a place I'm not afraid to try something new. I always end up ordering from this place !Ordered over the phone and the food was ready and hot when I got there! I couldn't wait to get home my pizza and wings smelled so good and the taste was ever better!Best place for late night when options are limited. Good quality for a good price. Heads and shoulders above other late night delivery options. Star off because menu may be a little too large and quality suffers on some items from time to time.Cuisine: 9/10 
Service: 8/10
Decor: N/A
Value: 8/10
Overall: 8 out of 10
Trying to eat well is difficult. Not because of willpower or discipline but because of biology and options. For me, weight loss came quickly and stayed off when I swore off bread. This made for a paleo-parallel "diet." Having a mentor/trainer that understood that transitioning and selection was key to reaching and sustaining my goals he made it very clear that chicken wings (non-breaded) would be my friend for the first few weeks. And I was off to the races! When a sudden hunger pang had me scouring the internet for food, I returned to Fiesta Pizza, a place I'd visited before, for help. 
Here is the order I placed on 09/25/19:
50 Pcs Buffalo Wings
Alt/Special Request: Wings cooked Extra Well, Mixed Flavor (variety sauced),  Sauce on Wings, Ext Sauce on Side, Blue Chz & Ranch Dressing
Total: $37.74
Like i've probably mentioned in every single one of my previous reviews, I loathe the new cost of food delivery. Whenever possible I try to order direct through a shops website. I visited Fiesta 2 online and found they had a 10% coupon if you registered online. After entering the standard data and confirming my email I received the code to use. I added it and paid. Their website offers a delivery tracking widget, but I don't remember using it. 
Sometime after the order went it, I would say about 30 minutes, I received a phone call from a lady at the restaurant. She asked how I wanted my wings sauced. I told her to mix it. Not a big deal really but it it's your site, you provided the options, you should know which means which. On the other hand, its always better to have clarification if you're unsure about something. 
A reasonable amount of time after that, the bell rang and a man handed me a large brown paper bag. I hurriedly unpacked the trays, one in each flavor. It was huge! Only when I began drafting this review did I see all the previous reviews about quality and (gasp!) health stuff. This was in no way my experience here. As I mentioned, this wing order was my second time eating here and I never had issue. Perhaps wings are just "easier." *shrug* I couldn't eat them in one day and probably didnt finish them in two days if I remember correctly. So for three days worth of food at just about $12.50 per day, this feels like a good deal. 
They did include the celery even after I requested they leave them out. I really hate wasted food although I'm sure my feeding them to birds was better than them ending up in the dumpster behind the shop. 
For the value and ease of ordering, I'm sure I'll eat here again.Wow that's a poor impression of a pizza. It looks like it's a freezer baked. The food is just so low quality I can't imagine ordering again.I have now gotten food poisoning TWICE from this place! First time was from the gyro. Why did I go back you say? I wanted to give them the benefit of the doubt. Maybe it was a stomach bug? Now I of course never ordered the gyro again but instead ordered the bacon chicken ranch pizza. I can now CONFIRM this is where the food poisoning came from. After coming on here and reading the other reviews about how unsanitary this place is, I am surprised there aren't more reviews like mine! Don't take the risk! Try somewhere else!great quality food! love everything about fiesta, food is always on time and always delicious, service is great!First the calzones are amazing--delicious cheeses, crisp, fresh crust.  And the pizza is excellent, especially if you like a dense, crisp crust.  Pizza toppings are a generous amount of fresh ingredients, especially vegetables. (I have a gripe with mushrooms though: they are canned, which should never be the case for a really good mushroom pizza.)  salads are generously proportioned and very fresh, especially the Greek salad with grilled chicken. (The grilled chicken is perfectly seasoned and freshly grilled.) The buffalo chicken cheesesteak is very good also. Prices are extremely reasonable, servings are generous, and food is both quickly prepared and very tasty.Over all their OK..  I guess every pizza can't be perfect. I have ordered there after my first review and the food has been good.We have ordered there quite a bit in the past for delivery and their pizza and other food was usually  OK. However recently we ordered a pizza and when we picked up the pizza all the toppings came off  in the box.  I'm not sure exactly why that would happen to a pizza. But you would think that the management would not let that alleged  pizza leave the shop and not have  thrown it in the garbage can where it belonged. I'm sure the person that made that monstrosity of a pizza would not  eat it themselves, so why pass it on to an innocent unsuspecting  generous tipper customer?  I would recommend to the management that you should stress to your cooks  that if  they would not eat the food they just made, they should not pass it on to their customers. The only way I can describe that alleged pizza is that pizza looked like a refugee from a garbage can. We won't be ordering from there for a while.Over two hours for delivery, then they blamed me!....
My family and I have eaten from Fiesta for the past ten years. Recently, I ordered and after a hour I called to check on the status of delivery. They said it  should be there soon. I specifically asked that they have the driver ring the bell since I don't always have the best cell service. An hour after that I called back again (2hrs later) The girl on the phone says; "well the driver was there, you didn't answer your phone and he knocked on the door", when I pointed out that I requested that he ring the bell she said all she could do was send the food back out to me...  (I was sitting in the livingroom, no way he knocked ) After two hours I didn't want cold pizza so I cancelled my order.... quality customer service goes a long way, being rude after dropping the ball is just insult to injury. Zestos is just as good and they have excellent service; I was very disappointed with Fiesta. My family may still order but I doubt that I will after that experience.I used to order from here all the time back when I lived in Roxborough. I would always get the taco pizza, it's beyond good. Delivery was always quick.Everything is excellent (aside from the pizza)! Amazing mozzarella sticks, and a pretty kick ass cheesesteak (I'd recommend xxtra cheese) if you don't feel like waiting in the line at Dalessandro's. Delivery is usually pretty quick and they're offering curbside pickup.Ordered a pizza, broccoli bites, and fettuccine chicken alfredo. Pizza and bites were good! I was craving pasta but wasn't expecting it to be so creamy and delicious! Overall bill was a bit pricey, but huge portions made up for it.  Would  order from there again.The worst pizza I've ever had. Small, low quality, just overall awful pizza. I have never wanted a refund for a pizza before but there's a first time for everything. The wings were ok.Great food, fast delivery...WIth that being said, do not order the fried shrimp! I have ordered from here tons of times and will continue to do so but the shrimp is not de-veined.  I thought maybe it was just one or two that the prep cook had missed but they all had the vein(with feces) on the back and tasted bad.  Like i said, their food is great and delivery fast just avoid the shrimp.Ok! Recently tried another steak sandwich and it was really improved from the one I had before! This time, the sauce was very generous, as were the onions, and of course the meat was a more than generous serving. Flavor was delicious - I will definitely be going back for more!Today I got the fiesta special pizza, all the ingredients were cooked well and it over all tasted very delicious, definitely will order again from hereSomebody said they are better than Dalesandros.  Not even in the same league. The meat is very chewy and half the amount that Daladsndros use.  And older man making steaks looked grumpy and kept staring at me.I called and ordered a salad for delivery, I live less than a mile away. I ordered the salad about 45 minutes ago and I called just now to check on the status here is how my conversation went: 
Me: "hello I ordered a salad about 45 minutes ago and I'm just checking how much longer it will be"
Her: "you ordered a salad 37 minutes ago and the driver left out 10 minutes ago with your order"
Why this girl thought it necessary to rudely assert the exact time frame like that I'm not sure, but the attitude was not appreciated. I've ordered here a number of times and to be treated like this will definitely encourage me to not order here again.Being a landmark in Manayunk and Roxborough area neighborhoods for 30 years you can expect the unsurpassed quality from Fiesta Pizza. Steve and Despina, who are the owners, never seized to work hard, making fiesta, one of the best pizza restaurants in Philadelphia without sacrificing the quality of the food and providing exceptional customer service.
From late night deliveries, to a family dineout,
Fiesta is the restaurant that will make you happy with its delicious meals. 
I PERSONALLY RECOMMEND YOU SHOULD TRY SOME OF THEIR PASTAS, THEY ARE VERY DELICIOUS AND FILLING.
MY FAVORITE IS THEIR GRILLED CHICKEN PIZZA.
SO DON'T JUST TAKE MY WORDS, JUST TRY FIESTA YOURSELF...Their employee's are very conscientious. All and all they do have some very good food. I have to give them 5 stars. I am very happy with their delivery service.I'm not sure if it was a language barrier but I told the delivery guy "I'm in apartment D as in dog - 15" and he repeated what I said and he was still standing in front of B15 for a good 10-20 minutes. As for food, I ordered the 2 pizzas and 2 cheesesteaks.. don't get the cheesesteaks! Not worth it. The pizzas were fine but it's not something I will be craving for.My first real Philly cheesesteak sandwich and I loved it! I ordered my cheesesteak to-go so I can't speak to their dine-in experience. They had two options of cheeses for their sandwich- American cheese or provolone. I went with the provolone cheesesteak with fried onions. The sandwiches are HUGE. A half of one of these cheesesteaks is the size of a normal sandwich. It can easily be spilt between two people. The sandwich was full of flavor and definitely exceeded my expectations.