Don't do restaurant week here, it's quite possibly the worst meal I've had in years!  The staff are great, ambiance is great, it's a great drinks place.
We had chefs appetizer truffle Mac and cheese it was ok
I had the chefs salad my expectations were high.  I could have gone to acme and chopped some carrot peppers and iceberg w plain oil and vinegar myself.  Very disappointed.  It was fresh and very boring.
My friend had butternut squash soup, it tasted like chicken broth.  It was awful, my mother made  some yesterday it was delicious.  It also spilled due to awkward dish.
I ordered the ciopinno and was told it would have mussels clams shrimp and bronzino .  It had mussels, I forwent the clams, and nothing else.  It was an appetizer size.  When I asked for real seafood ?? I was told I would be upcharged.   The mussels were not fresh and not cooked evenly.  It looked like they forced some open.  If you cook mussels they should be closed before you cook them, if they don't open or partially open. You shouldn't eat them, you can get sick.  
When I told them it was awful (wondering where I could get real food) they gave me chicken parm.  Pasta was good, little to no sauce, too large chicken breast.  (Was it from a factory farm?)
They made us share a small dessert.  Hazelnut torte w no real flavor, overcooked donut holes, bland milk chocolate sauce.I came in for lunch with my girlfriends on a last minute reservation. Andrew was our server, he was fantastic! We ordered the doner kebob and the Buffalo tartar. It was the best doner kebob I ever had! 
I was leery of the tartar since it's buffalo but it was better than any other tartar I ever had. It was so lean and flavorful! 
I highly recommend and will definitely be back for dinner again!Food is alright and the service is fine. Nothing special, went once but probably won't be going back. But won't be going back, nothing wrong with the place but again, nothing specialI have been to Fine Palate twice - once for happy hour and once for brunch. At happy hour, I enjoyed a mocktail, specially made by Canyon the bartender, and a glass of wine and some delicious appetizers. For brunch I shared eggs benedict - some of the best ever - and a plate of pancakes and bacon with real maple syrup. The portions are just right - not too much, not too little. The food was cooked to perfection, the service was excellent, and the ambiance was attractive and enjoyable. Music is not so loud as to require shouting. I will return and recommend it to friends.I was here for brunch with Groupon. They said that we could only choose  to eat from a less than half the menu if we had Groupon. Not worth the money we paid.  disappointed!! But the service was good..We recently visited Fine Palate twice during a,10 day period and have come to the unanimous conclusion that both meals were our favorites in 12 years of dining out in Philadelphia. From personal greetings by the chef, and his care and interest in providing an individual dining experience, to the friendly and attentive service and on to the food which was so lovingly and creatively prepared, Fine Palate pleases on every level. We will return often, and we urge others to give this relatively young hidden gem a try.Everything we ordered was excellent. From the drinks, to the appetizer, main course, and desert I was very impressed. Additionally, our server was great and very attentive. Highly recommend, Fine Palate!One of the best hidden gems in philadephia! First place I have found in the city where I can sample many of the foods I have enjoyed around the world in one place. Everything is on point ! Thanks for the memorable meal!I went into restaurant to do review with a friend of mine who is fellow JWU grad, as well as  chef  Todd English's protege. The chef here has great and selective menu. I am huge fan of the choices. The menu covers over 3 countries with unique plays on classic dishes. 
. Since we were critiquing the restaurant the chef came and sat at our table and made us a few off menu courses. This was one of most personal experiences I have had in fine dining in a while. I was grateful to have found such a hidden gem. 
All of the food was exquisite and flavorful. The sauce for shishito peppers should be bottled and served nationwide. The wine list is also extensive and is best in the city I have seen this far. Overall experience was amazing and I will become a regular!The Sign out front said "$1 oysters all night long".So of course that drew me in. I was seated and ordered oysters as well as the Ahi tartare.  The waiter said oh we just ran out of oysters. She came back a few minutes later and said oh we're out of tuna. Totally ridiculous so I left. Enjoy what they don't have.Love this place! Courtney Invent a really awesome people the food is fantastic and so is the serviceFine dining with reasonable prices. It has a great atmosphere with awesome customer service. The food was delicious as well! The chicken was very moistI knew nothing about this restaurant...no time to Yelp, 1 hour prior to Philly Pops..walked in, lucky to be seated immediately on a Friday evening. Excellent, attentive service with smiles. Very good food...well prepared, tasty, pretty presentations. Will return...definitely recommend.Take this review with a grain of salt. We came here for Sips (city wide happy hour) and had some very uninspired cocktails. I understand it's a happy hour and I cannot expect full quality but these drinks did not set a good expectation for the restaurant. 
The pizza was reasonably tasty and well decorated but slightly soggy. 
Alternatively, the ambiance was really nice. It is a very sleekly and tastefully decorated place with friendly and helpful staff.Fine Palate is one of my favorite restaurants in the city.  Chef Vince creates culinary masterpieces and Owner Courtney understands hospitality better than anyone in the industry.  They make an incredible team.  The food is beyond delicious and the atmosphere is perfect for business and/or pleasure.  It's great for pre-dinner or for a date night.  It's quiet enough for a business meeting, and has ample amount of space for a holiday office party or engagement party.  They can cater to all your needs and the location is smack dab in the middle of everything, yet feels off the beaten path. They also do a killer happy hour and an even better brunch.  Highly recommend this spot.  Not to be missed!I travelled 99 miles from NYC tonight to see my boyfriend and we came to his favorite restaurant.  This place exceeds expectations beyond imagination!   The hospitality, service, food, and drinks were well above my expectations!  I had one of the best fish dishes I've ever ordered.  When I had a question about the preparation, the chef personally came out and offered me some options. I'm an avid red wine drinker, but asked the bartender for suggestions.  I wasn't sure at first, but after I tried it, I had to ask what the exact wine was because I need to purchase it for home consumption.  Very impressed with the suggestion.  Overall, I felt like I was walking into a place that I've been to many times before.  The attention of the staff was incredible.  I'm a New Yorker and I expect a lot, this place is amazing.We had brunch here on a Saturday. They served us cold omelet! Their hash brown was not fresh cooked! I ordered coffee; the waiter served my coffee with milk, so I said: may I have half and half? He said: we ran out of half and half; 
I was not happy! So, I asked: do you have heavy cream or ice cream? I waited for a while, then he came back with half and half!Been to Fine Palate for lunch once and dinner three times. Love their food.
The buffalo tartare is out of this world. The eggplant caviar is great, and the mushrooms are fantastic. The octopus is cooked to perfection, and the hen and the pork belly were both great. Everything the chef makes is great. I'm not sure why they don't do more business - everyone should check this place out.
Also, Canyon is the best bartender in the city. The guy makes a mean drink, and really knows what's he doing. Very friendly and honestly a pleasure to sit at the bar with.I'll start by saying that the service was excellent. The server was attentive and friendly. The food, however, left a lot to be desired. We started with the squid which was tasteless, followed by the crispy dumplings which were kind of overcooked, and ended with the Sardinian Styled Paella which also lacked flavor.
I wanted to like this place because of the Yelp menu, which oddly ended up being this restaurant's downfall as I was informed that the menu on Yelp is old and that the restaurant updates the selections periodically. I have to say that this particular menu lacked significantly. 
With that said, I am not adverse to giving this place another try solely based on the drink menu but maybe call ahead for the menu updates.This was the best experience I have had in a restaurant in years. Everything was perfect.  The fish was heavenly.  The cut of the steak was beautiful and melted in my mouth.  Staff was accommodating and warm. I cannot wait to return. We lucky to have a restaurant like this in  Philadelphia.Creative food and a chef who takes pride in what he presents. Pork dish was amazing. Drinks are detailed and delicious.I really wanted to like this place but I think I should've waited a couple more weeks for them to work out the kinks.
The service although well intentioned still needs to be polished.  Everyone was super friendly and enthusiastic about the place it just didn't carry over to the service.
The food itself was ok. 
The best thing about the menu was the 8 dollar wines by the glass and 35 dollar bottles of wine.  Im not sure how long that will continue but it was nice to have that option.Just wanted to give a nod to some lovely customer service received today. An above and beyond moment that will surely bring me back when I have more time to sample the foods tempting me on the menu.We went here for brunch.
Both the food and the service were amazing. We were told to sit anywhere in the restaurant as it was empty when we arrived. The waiter took his time explaining all of the dishes and the specialties. I took his advice and got the pork belly which was so crispy and melted in my mouth.
The other dishes were good too, but the pork belly was a must-have. I thought that the price was reasonable for brunch, and I would come back again.Starting with the good stuff, our waiter was a delight. He was attentive, friendly, and enthusiastic, which was all the more impressive because the restaurant was full to capacity and he was *the only waiter* there. There was one waiter and one bartender. The restaurant was inexplicably out of everything we wanted to order. Some things made sense, like no oysters because of the hurricane. Other things, like being out of cheese, beef, artichokes, the scotch special, and pea leaves, were confusing. The food is crazy overpriced. I had the clams and angel hair pasta. The pasta looked and tasted like ramen noodles, it was served in an unsalted broth that tasted like water, and the clams were difficult to find. It was $28. I wanted to go to Wendy's afterwards. Would not recommend.The drinks we're AMAZING!!! And Katie the bartender is awesome sauce ! She is so great and so personable she knew what I wanted right away - a Palmola! This is a great underestimated place!Fine Palate is the kind of place you usually see on tv and always hope to stumble upon since it's everything that chain and stuffy formal restaurants are not. It's a cozy venue with a classy, modern ambiance. Casual yet top notch. Even though it's very nice, the interaction is still informal. The staff are polite and attentive. If you want space (private dinner), they respect that and if you want lively conversation, they're down for that too. You'll probably even meet the chef as he's always checking in on the dining room. 
While I love everything I've had there, a few items stand out - the ribeye (unbelievable), pork belly, zeppolis, and whipped potatoes top my list of must try foods. 
A parking garage is conveniently located at 15th and Locust so it's really easy to drive to as well.
Edit: here's why i shouldn't list specific foods. Forgot to mention the brunch French toast and the buffalo tartare. They will have you back again and again.Just a quick stop for some drink. Our bartender cosseted us with top notch cocktails and mesmerizing smile. Bar area is small, cozy but reminiscential vibe. This place was tantalizing.Went to Fine Palate last night and was very positively impressed by this fine establishment. It opened less than a month ago and I guess not many people know about it yet.
We were a group of 10 people and this place is great for sharing food in groups. Their headliner dish is a giant board of ribeye steak that serves 3 people. We also had a perfectly done octopus, a fantastic whole chicken dish and a bunch of other smaller appetizers that were all very good. The service was fantastic. Let's not forget that the servers had Halloween costumes, which deserves an extra Yelp star in my book. With a lot of food and wine flowing all night, the damage came to about $60 per person (including tax and tip). That's a good value for this  high level of quality and quantity. 
Keep up the good work, guys. Well done.Love the food!!! Love the atmosphere!!! Amazing cocktails. Vegan and gluten free options, something for everyone.Disappointed
We had to ask three times for bread. Being assured that it was coming, we finally got it after perhaps 15 minutes. It was toasted, hard, no oil, no butter.
I ordered cioppino (seafood soup) but was given no soup spoon. Asked for it and waited for several minutes.
There were four of us and our entrées were placed on the table over a span of perhaps 10 minutes. 
There was an appetizer of "live diver scallop" for seven dollars . That's right ONE scallop. It was odd in that the mantle of the scallop was included. That's something I've never seen before and would've been interesting if the mantle was at all tasty. The scallop muscle itself was fine but the mantle portion was incredibly chewy and tasteless.
I suppose that overall My main reaction was that for close to $90 a couple, the food was not very "special, tasty or worthy of returning to".
Look away, look away.
https://www.tripadvisor.com/ShowUserReviews-g60795-d9878141-r531074408-Fine_Palate-Philadelphia_Pennsylvania.html#If you happen to be passing through Philly and looking for a great place to dine you would be amiss not to try Fine Palate. I shared several items with 2 other friends, all of which i can guarantee were hand made by a chef coming from a fine dining background with ingredients procured from places that I haven't seen in other Philly restaurants.  This chef obviously had some amazing culinary connections globally for those of you who have worked in Food & Beverage.  
My advice is to freely order off the menu, family style, and share the dishes so you can experience the global flavors executed in each dish. There is something for every palate, however my small group tended to be ravenous carnivores without apologies or excuses. So, if you are a meat eater like myself, please, don't miss this opportunity to share the bone in rib eye! As good if not better than any steakhouse I've been in! The owners, Chef Vince and Courtney, even came and by and personally checked in on us! Loved them, fun, unpretentious, unlike so many other places that make the guest feel bad for not  being in the "culinary" know. As for wine pairing, the owners personally picked some of thier favorite "old world" styles to compliment our feast. And the bottles won't break your bank like so many other fine dining houses will!
I never got to check out their happy hour, but next time I'm in Philly i will definitely come by and let Chef Vince and Courtney suggest whatever they want (highly recommended it) because you never know what culinary surprise they have not mentioned on the menu!Great spot for happy hour and dinner! Everything is delicious - seriously EVERYTHING! The staff is friendly and helpful. Fine Palate has one of the best happy hour specials in the city - so good you'll want to stay and splurge a little and treat yourself to an awesome dinner afterward!I live in the building next door, and sincerely hoped this place would be a go to spot. Unfortunately, it's not. The menu is all over the place and overpriced, especially for the quality. Furthermore, there's a lack of depth and knowledge to the place - for example, in the summer the board outside advertises specials on oysters, but once you get inside no one can tell you where the oysters are from. The drinks are fine and service is friendly enough, but there are just too many better places I would rather frequent. And (call me crazy) I just can't stand the logo! Overall, the vibe is haphazard, confused, and inconsistent. Sadly, I'm waiting for this place to close and a better place to open up - it's a prime location, deserving of a much better restaurant.Disgusting food, overpriced, mediocre service. 
I'm allergic to mushrooms and specifically asked if the pad Thai had any mushrooms in it and was told that they will make sure that it didn't. The pad Thai comes with big chunks of mushrooms. They take the plate away and promise to make a new one. 5 minutes later the same dish comes with the big chunks of mushroom removed but on closer inspection the small pieces of mushroom were still there. I let our waiter who apologized even after claiming that they had prepared a new dish. The worst part is that the pad Thai showed up on our bill !! 
The rest of the food was flavorless.The night was like no other I have ever had, great food the chef came to our table and after a short conversation he told us to put away the menus and to let him surprise us.
If you ever have a chance take it!After eating at Fine Palate 6/28/2016 I know that this chef will cater a special event at my South Jersey house!  I tend to vegetarian and fish--I have no doubt any plate he prepares can be as simple in flavor or an absolute creative wow!  I buy fresh and local veggies and meat for my own home and I appreciated being informed by Canyon last evening that that was exactly what we were served.  I also like delicate but flavorful, and the softly poached salmon in a Japanese broth with greens could have been a full meal for me.  Then I tried the Cornish hen that had only a swipe of mushroom puree--just adding that little extra.  The 3 of us stayed quite awhile--our plan to just talk and relax for the evening so no rush on the plates.  I noticed a couple at the bar when we arrived around 7:30--they then moved to a table and ate--then went back to the bar--it's that kind of comfortable spot.  And at 10PM a birthday cake came out for the chef's wife.  About 15 of us still there sang and moved into a group photo--and everyone was served a slice of moist chilled not-too-sweet frosted cake.  Actually, I want to try brunch next.The food is very good here, but I'd like to point out the expertise of its bartender, Canyon. (That is apparently his real name)
Canyon us a joy to spend time with, knows his cocktail history, and is highly creative. Just like the menus, don't just order something, tell him what you like and let him conjure. 
The world need more places with talent like this.Horrible! There is six of us, family is visiting. The evening starts with hostess coming up to us 40 minutes after we set down and telling us "sorry, we forgot about you". They actually said "we forgot about you". 
Kitchen is not functioning... orders are very very slow. While the place is not crowded. The waiter informs us that this is due to "all new staff in the kitchen". 
They forgot some of our orders. 
Food is no good, either. But that's not the reason that I will never go here. My girlfriend hated the place more than I did. Wow!
This is the first and the only time I've ever posted such a review.Another unbelievable experience tonight. The roasted cauliflower, octopus, Thai coconut curry and baked Alaska were our favorites tonight. Service and atmosphere were on point. Can't wait to come back. Oh and the gold dust champagne put us in the holiday spirit. Thank you!!Our experience at Fine Palate was mixed. The service was friendly, the atmosphere nice, and the eclectic menu interesting. It would have been nice if bread had been served, especially since I had the tagliatelle with San Marzano tomato sauce, garlic & basil. For $14 it was a pretty small portion, and the tomato sauce was okay but nothing special. It would have been better with some veggies and bread on the side. My husband had the whole fish of the day (sea bream, in a ginger black bean sauce) for $24, with baby bok choy. The sauce was very good, but didn't permeate the fish, which tasted good but was not outstanding. He felt it should have had rice on the side. The dessert, churros with dark chocolate, was pretty good, as was the eggplant caviar appetizer. Perhaps we should have ordered more food, because we left feeling a bit hungry.My friend and I ended up at Fine Palate thanks to a brunch event another friend was hosting there. The interior is trendy and well-decorated, but laid back enough that you could pretty much wear whatever you want and still feel comfortable here. The seats are really comfy (we sat downstairs - I'm not sure what the upstairs seating is like). It's a definite upgrade from the restaurant that was previously here. And for the event, they had a DJ and projected the Eagles game onto the wall - huge plus.
As far as food options, my friend is vegan and I'm vegetarian. The restaurant was offering a modified brunch menu (due to the event, I presume), but we were both able to find something to match our diets. My friend also asked to adjust her meal slightly and it was no problem. After brunch and mimosas, we ordered a few glasses of wine. Their wine list is pretty decent. I didn't try their cocktails, but from the descriptions on the menu, they sounded delicious and worth trying next time.
The staff is extremely friendly. Service did get a tad slow at times, but the place was completely packed, so it was understandable. Even so, our food arrived on time and the server continually checked on us for the entire four hours we spent there. I'll definitely be back.As I was trying to decide where to eat for lunch, I found myself walking past Fine Palate, and I realized I had walked past it dozens of times without even looking at the menu. So on a whim, I walked in. The place was empty, presumably because the word hasn't gotten out that they are open for lunch on weekdays yet.
The music was louder than I would have preferred for lunch but not too intrusive, and the server was very welcoming. I picked the Döner kebab, which turned out to be a delicious mix of chicken, shredded lettuce, strips of carrots, feta cheese, and a heavenly sauce in a pita wrap. The menu had some other intriguing items that I hope to try in the near future.
My dessert, Banana Flambé wasn't quite as successful. The alcohol didn't completely burn up before the flame went out, and the ice cream was served on a flat plate that made it a little difficult to spoon up, especially when it started to melt. But the coffee was first rate.
Will definitely go back again.So glad I discovered this culinary gem in the heart of Rittenhouse! Best tapa options I've come across in Philly. By far the best ribeye in the city and the agnolotti is out of this world! There isn't one thing on the menu that I wouldn't recommend. Fine dining experience in an atmosphere that feels far from stuffy. Fine Pallet definitely makes it on to my top 3 favorite restaurants in this area.New to Philly and found my hang out! Great food and service! I've eaten nearly everything on the menu and some of my favorites are the 40oz Piedmontese Tomahawk Ribeye, Agnolotti(awesome!), hand made Burrata and have to mention the Buffalo tartar; everything is so good! I've traveled a lot and have eaten at so many restaurants over the years, Fine Palate stands out.
Chef Vince & Court keep up the great work love it here! Also, thanks for going out of your way to accommodate us with the special order of wild boars cheek the other day that was awesome Reyna and I loved it as an addition to the Agnolotti!This place is a hidden gem! Everything about this place is amazing. The ambiance, the cute little bar, and the lounge make it most comfortable. The cocktails are to die for! The food is fresh, plated with care, and has the most accommodating flavors. The service is always on top of their game. Never been disappointed here. Chef Vince and Courtney (manager) are very warm and welcoming people and always do their best to make everybody happy.Come for happy hour & $1 a shuck oysters then stay for the mixed grill entree!Went there for the first day of Sips today and they clearly do not want people ordering from the Sips ($5-6 drinks) menu. Service was very slow and it's not like it was crowded--we were the only people sitting outside and the other tables were empty. The waiter was rude when I tried to pay with a debit card for an $11 tab--"We can't accept THAT for such a LOW amount." Little does he know that I'm aware that wait people don't make much from discounted menus and I'm usually an excellent tipper. I would have left $9 on that tab to bring it to $20 but he was so rude that I got $10 out of the ATM and left $11. He probably won't learn from that but I don't care because I won't be back.Wonderful restaurant and great place to hang! The vibe is super warm and chic, and the staff are extremely welcoming and make everyone feel at home.  Chef Vince and Courtney have done an excellent job!
The food is fabulous- I am a huge fan of the Ribeye-and the chicken parm is awesome! Not to mention oysters all day and creative tasty cocktails- Love it!!! Thanks for making me feel at home each and every time I come in.Make sure you know what type of chef you hire before you open a restaurant! Good taste wasn't worth any single dollar you spend, nothing especially besides the room itself. Beginner waitresses, very low food quality, and that's all! Never again!I went to Fine Palate on an extremely busy Sunday for brunch. I sat at the bar so I could watch the football game.  I don't remember the bartender's name but he was very attentive despite the crowd and he made me an excellent cocktail based on my request (vodka, not too sweet, not crazy strong since it was still early in the day).  This is NOT a sports bar so I appreciate the fact that there was a tv at the bar.  The restaurant is small but has high ceilings and a second floor. The space is trendy but intimate and would make a nice date spot. When I go back for my dinner date, I'll write another review about the food.I should have taken the questionable yelp reviews as more warning before coming to Fine Palete. For 8:00 Pm on a Friday the downstairs was about 1/3 full throughout my dinner. A few couples eating appetizers and drinks, with a full party at the bar. Upon being seated our waitress took a fair 15 minutes to come with water and ask for drinks. We had planned to order our drinks and appetizers but the waitress insisted we place our order for food as well. 
This does not terribly upset me, but I know many people hate being rushed to order. At this point I expected the services to continue being slow. The first two beers I attempted to order were not available. Siding with a third choice and a martini for my girlfriend, it took another 15 minutes for these to come to the table, despite there being less than 15 people in the restaurant. 
The party next to us had a few empty drinks on their table and appeared to give up on waiting and just walk to the bar for the next two rounds. After a total of about 45 minutes we received the appetizer kabobs, one sword fish and one chicken. Small helping but very tasty.  Another 15 minutes and our dinner was served. We had the fish and an Japanese paella. Both were alright and on the smaller size for portions. The Japanese paella had shelled clams and mussels, all of which had a bite of sand.  
The waitress offered both my table and the one adjacent free dessert churros. I imagine this to be for the overly slow service. For the price of $50 per person I could have wished for better service and marginally better food. The fish was great but sandy shellfish is totally unreasonable. For some drinks and appetizers Fine Palate may be a great option but I certainly will not be returning for dinner.Really horrible customer service- make sure you read the fine print of a cancelled reservation, they will charge you the cost of the meal. 
Please don't make a reservation here unless you are 100% sure you can make it.First visit to Fine Palate. 
Food was excellent all 'round. Staff and management most friendly. I wanted something off-menu--believe it or not, I wanted the chef to include scrapple in a more elegant mean--and he prepared a tasty breakfast variation
We'll come back--with friends.Went in the morning for brunch. The food was good, the turkey sausage was a little dry, the smoked salmon was amazing and the mimosas where flowing. I was very pleasedThe outside might make you think it's a painting with a twist kinda place. But once you walk in the decor is clean and modern.  Definitely one of the friendliest waiters staff I have encountered in Philadelphia.  I came for happy hour but ended up staying for dinner and it was worth it. I tried the skewers to start which were marinated and cooked perfectly, the meals where all plated and decorated perfectly. I definitely will go again and if you do save me a seat. :-)Not a good experience. Condescending staff, small plates are smaller than normal, and they don't allow you to split the bill more than 4x. They charged my friend for each soda she drank (non-alcoholic)!! Never heard of such a thing! I wouldn't go back!One of my favorite restaurants for terrific creative food served in a unique and inviting space. It's just blocks from our condo, so we go often and are always warmly greeted by the chef and the manager. The happy hour, with buck a shuck oysters that are ridiculously fresh, is outstanding.So this was one of the stranger experiences that we've had dining in center city but overall really great. We came in and immediately commented on how we enjoyed the atmosphere. It's spacious but cozy.  Upscale but comfortable. Really a lot going for it but I completely understand why so many people gave it 3 stars. 
We were seated upstairs and were the only ones to be seated up there so immediately thought we either smelled bad or the servers wouldn't want others to be seen dining there. Either way we were made to be very comfortable and enjoyed our server. Then things got a little strange. 
Camera crews started setting up upstairs and then we noticed a bunch of people shuffling in and out with equipment and we weren't sure what was going on. Then our server came back and asked if he could receipt us downstairs because they were going to start filming a movie which we obliged and were made very comfortable due to our inconvenience. We enjoyed our time downstairs and we just wanted to be able to spend a night out given a busy week that we had a head of us which we accomplished the food was all right but nothing amazing however we really appreciated that our server consistently asked how things were and took feedback.
Overall we're really not sure about this place. Great start and okay ending but we're not sure that this would be our top hit in center city. We'll try it again in the future!Food: 3/5 
Starting with the most important aspect before talking about the rest of the categories, the food was so delicious! OMG! but I gave it a 3...why? and that is price per portion. You don't get a lot of food for the amount of money spent. I order dumplings and chicken parmesan. They both tasted amazing! You could taste the flavor and the noodles that went with the chicken parm tasted like they just kneading it from scratch in the kitchen. I love the notion of having something homemade, however, homemade food should come with a big portion size. My dishes felt like appetizers and that was disappointing. 
Wait Time 3.5/5: I went there about 5pm on a Thursday and there was no wait time to be seated. My dumplings came quick, like about 7mins from ordering it but the chicken parm took 5x's as long time to come out.
Cleanness: 5/5
You can lick the floor, (not that you want to do that) but it was clean even to the restrooms. . The seating wasn't dirty. Everything was order and no signs of ware and tear
Service: 5/5
Man, the hostess were very friendly and compassion. They showed concern and understanding when my Chicken parm was taking a while. They held great a conversation to distract you from the long wait. They checked on you often to see if you're enjoying your meals or if you was comfortable. Like geez, I felt loved!
Location: 4/5 
I found out about this spot from Seated. It's right there on Center city. Easy to get around to trains and buses. Not a far walk. The venue has a cool, jazzy ambiance to it and the lighting and seat up felt like an upscale, private spot. My thing is it was a small spot and I was a bit close to other customers
Overall: 4.1/5
I like the food, I like the feel of the venue, I love the hospitality, and I love how clean it was. I definitely will check it out again of they increase their potion sizes and aim to stuff their customers rather than just satisfy them but hospitality goes a long way.One of my favorite restaurants for terrific creative food served in a unique and inviting space. It's just blocks from our condo, so we go often and are always warmly greeted by the chef and the manager. The happy hour, with buck a shuck oysters that are ridiculously fresh, is outstandiSave your time...there are so many other spots in the area that you would appreciate much more. Went for Center City SIPS and to celebrate a friends birthday so we were ready to do great things at this new little gem...so we thought. 
First, take a photo of the SIPS menu before you enter. The bartender was so vague about what the SIPS specials were. There were 2 wines featured for SIPS. What? This is Philly. We are kind of a big deal. Two wines really? When we asked about the mixed drinks she kept pushing Effen Vodka. Okay, Cool?!? Well not if they don't have anything to mix it with!! She never offered any suggestions. For the first time in my adult life I had WATER at a happy hour. I was over her and her ability to be a bartender. 
The food was lame (chicken parm sliders...gross, potstickers...MEH but my Burrata was delicious). 
Icing on the cake...They don't take credit cards!! No biggie however it would have been super nice and helpful if we knew that BEFORE we received our bill. It was highlighted on our check (no prior mention of this). So actually I was happy I didn't order any drinks because our bill wasn't that much $$. We made a quick run to the bank (thank goodness there are so many in the area) and then made an even quicker run to another venue. Such a cute spot but a missed opportunity. Largely due to the bartender and the food! SorryI've never given a one-star review before, but this place has richly earned it. They have terrible food that they charge too much for, and they don't honor the specials listed on their sign board.
My partner and I walked in off the street the night before the Eagles parade; there was a sign outside advertising half-price apps and wine specials all evening long, and inside it looked classy and mercifully quiet. We went inside, got a table, and asked about the specials. Our waitress told us that they were only for happy hour, even though the sign said "Cocktail Hour All Night Long" before listing the specials. I didn't argue with her, and just ordered two beers and the agnolotti ($22) off the dinner menu. It was described as "lamb's milk cheese filled pasta," so I thought it would be some kind of fancy ravioli type thing. The food:
- came in a very small portion
- contained no discernable cheese in about half of the pouches
- was served with a sauce that seemed to be extremely salty butter and nothing else
- somehow didn't come with forks, only giant spoons??? They were basically shaped like longer, thinner ravioli. Why would you eat ravioli with a big spoon?
Between not honoring their specials and the awful food, I can't think of anything redeeming about this place except that the chairs were comfy.yikes. WAY over priced. smallest plates for the highest price, absolutely wild. I was charged $9 for two TINY cokes (no liquor added) while everyone in my party of 6 were ordering high priced cocktails. would never go back.The food was good albeit very pricey. Our waitress was exceptional, polite attentive and professional. The time it took to get our food was ridiculous. We had a reservation and were seated promptly. Several other guests there and it seemed many of us were attending the theater. They new we needed to leave by 7:30 - we ordered food by about 6:30 and it didn't arrive till 7:15. Nothing offered on the table as we waited for our appetizers one came before the meal and the other came after the meal. 
We won't be going back.If a half star was available, I would go 3.5 stars. 
Went there for a girls night before we went to a comedy show. It's a small restaurant with an upstairs. We were sat upstairs, it was quiet and only saw 2 other tables sat up there while we were there. 
Food - It's tapas style so the portions are on the small side, including the larger plates. Don't come starving. Ordered the dumplings, japanese pizza, chicken, and cauliflower/mushroom dish. Dumplings had good flavor, but your typical dumpling. The japanese pizza lacked seasoning. The chicken dish was good, but very small for a larger plate. The cauliflower/mushroom dish is great, but recommend ordering as a side dish. 
Service - They were pleasant, but very slow. Drinks took a long time, fine glasses of wine. My friends ordered martini's and it took close to 20 minutes.
I enjoyed the night as I was with some amazing gals, but I don't see myself going back given all the other options in the area.I dined here last night and everything from the food to the service to the ambiance was truly amazing. The menu offers a vast eclectic variety of items which are inspired from all over the world. My server was was friendly and knowledgeable and helped guide me through the menu. I ordered three courses plus dessert and a glass of wine and only paid about $50. Great food ... Great service ... Great value!Awful service. The worst food. Don't ever come here. Simple as that. Everything was the quality of microwave food except it was priced the same as a 4 star restaurant. If this place doesn't go out of business soon then they're scamming people.This restaurant is amazing! Love the ambiance, great food. Something here for everyone. Great staff and would definitely come back!!1st time. Restaurant week - Had to ask for the restaurant week menu (as did everyone), but the hostess made it sound like she forgot.   Sat downstairs, our seats were Uncomfortable for eating and probably influenced my review.
Whole fish bronzini was tasty (expected bones, but waiter should have told us and maybe offered to debone it).  Quail was tasty (scary to look at).  Baked Alaska tasted ok, but was not made well, especially  the meringue.  Service was acceptable, nothing special, kept our water glasses full.We spent thanksgiving at the Fine Palate with our family since we were visiting for a coast guard graduation. Mike our waiter and all the others working were so amazing. They made a holiday away from home so perfect. The 5 course meal was so wonderful and delicious. The bottle of wine we shared was fantastic and complemented our food perfectly. The 4 different desserts with the complementary shooter was a great ending to the perfect thanksgiving. Thank you everyone at Fine Palate!!Loved the brunch at Fine Palate !  Terrific food and great atmosphere. If you love truffles and mimosas, this is the place to be on Sunday!  Best truffle Mac and Cheese in the city.Fine Palate never disappoints; the quality is Great & the friendliness of the Fine Palate team makes each experience even better. The mixologist creates Great Drinks and is if even better at making a drink off of the menu. The grilled octopus I had was too die for with a perfect char!!! Last but not least the Asado dish w/ perfectly cooked beef, venison & pork left me full and happy. But what brought this dish to the next level was its sofrito. I was and still am speechless. Having the opportunity to hear the  Chef speak about getting his scallops from divers and how he butches his own meat are a few of the things that keeps me coming back. So Stop by & tell them a Yelp review sent you!Food is very good but the real star is Vernon the bartender. Made the evening fabulous with his high level conversation. I'll come back for this alone. 
Japanese Pizza was good and the Steamed Dumplings were also very good but they wouldn't have been that without Vernon. Thanks!I came here on a date with a friend of mine. The atmosphere was very calming and fun to be in. The food was just mediocre and the service was ok. We had a very nice and personable waiter but the service was very slow. My order came out incorrectly. They promptly remade it and gave my date and I a free round of drinks. I thought that the food was overpriced for the size and quality. All around everything was just ok. I don't think I'll be back any time soon but maybe I'd give it another shot sometime.Love the food!!! Love the atmosphere!!! Amazing cocktails. Vegan and gluten free options, something for everyone. Drinks are made to perfection, and food is always on point!!!The food may be fine but the service is not! This is a review that does not require more than the following.
The server had on a hot pants jumpsuit that showed her 'cheeks' when she bent over to pour water.
We were seated at 11:02 ordered 11:15 served French toast and a medium rare steak 11:55! How long does it take to griddle prepped french toast and a medium rare 4 oz steak? NOT 40 minutes!!!!
This restaurant is not worth any effort in breaking down the poor service we received today 8/13/18!Disappointing. While I admit I was excited to come here, I was very disappointed. The restaurant was cramped and didn't seem to have enough space for people to sit without appearing to sit "on top" of those next to them. Came for brunch and service took forever. It seemed to take over an hour for simple pancakes. The food was ok, but nothing memorable. This is definitely someplace that will be on my one and done list.I really wanted to like this restaurant we made a reservation for 5pm for 6 people we were seated right away and informed the server we had a show and Nee to no out by 715. It was restaurant week mush to our surprise. The menu sounded great. The soup was excellent the salad also nice. But took 30 minutes to come out the second course a cheese with 100 year old balsamic vinegar also good but a little more oil and vinegar would have been great.  At 645 our entree have not yet arrived I reminded the server we had a show  the chicken pot pie was ice cold the chicken was chewy the server offered to have it nuked for us.  The short ribs were good 3 were warm one was cold the pass that was served as a side was delicious it is now7:00 we remind our server she tells us our molten lava cake will be right out. When they arrive she warns us they are hot.  They were at room temp no Molten center ok chocolate cup cake with very good chocolate sauce on top.  Coffee never arrived water glasses slow to fill. Other tables were left bottles but not ours we hade to get up to get our check and make the show. This was the first time I ever left a 10 percent tip   I normally leave 20 to 25 percent. 2 stars were more than fair and only based on the Beautiful interior. Maybe there ovens were not working? Cold food slow serviceI came for an advertised FREE 2 year anniversary event. The event was listed as FREE hors d'oeuvres and a live DJ from 7-10. We arrived about 7:15 and promptly greeted I showed the ticket I had to register for to get in free. I was immediately asked by the lady at the door 'were you prepped' for how this is going'? Uh, no. 'Well I was made to be the bad guy and have to tell you it's s $5 cover to get in but you get free hors d'oeuvres'! What the bait and switch it cost $5 to get in the free event crap is this?! I paid for parking and used gas!!!!
Please read my first review of this establishment. They offer poor service with mediocre food and FAKE FREE EVENTS. I would NOT suggest you dine here EVER! Fake free or real free! It's not a Fine Palate it's a Fine Mess!