Simple Irish pub with a comfortable atmosphere. Large craft beer selection and a friendly bartender that isn't afraid to make fun of you. Good times.I don't understand the low rating. I'm my experience, this place was great! I stopped in alone on a Monday night for a beer and a French Dip. The bearded, adorable bartender was super attentive and sweet. He told me all the specials and offered to let me sample the draft before I committed. He made nice conversation and made me feel welcome. Generally, going somewhere alone is awkward... It was not here. The place isn't very big but the service will keep me coming back.This is a GREAT place to hang and take thing easy, depending on what time you try to go. I tried to get in this place 500 times during dinner hour, and it was impossible to squeeze in. I found out that Sunday afternoons are ideal and provide the perfect watering hole to drink/eat/chill and even catch a game. 
The atmosphere is perfect for a corner bar: wooden stools, marble-top bar, brick walls and old-school lighting fixtures. Noise level is perfect (no yelling needed), and the staff is quick to your needs and open to conversation. 
The food was very well done, and really not that $$$$$$ for a Philly bar. I have every intention of spending Sunday afternoons here for an early dinner.Food is completely underwhelming......   Not good at all, everything taste as though it comes straight out of the microwave.    Draught beer is warm as well.   Don't waste your time!Thought it would have more of an Irish feel to it. Ordered 2 drafts and a Philly cheesesteak spring roll app. The app was great. Steaming hot which I love but the beers were also on the warm side which I don't love. Seemed to have a good crowd but the music was really loud for 3pm so we moved on.Stopped in because it was near my hotel and I needed a bite to eat.  I was very pleased with the beer selection and had a very tasty Shepherd's Pie.  A small, quaint, fun old-school place with a charming and fun atmosphere.Ok, we are from out of town and just happy to find something open after 10 on a Sunday night, but I do not consider this a dive bar. It was very clean, nicely furnished and the bar is granite. Though we arrived after the kitchen closed, the menu looked better than average for a bar.  The waiter was friendly and the patrons were happy.Such a friendly place and an interesting group of people. It is a local bar and beings as though it is in the gayborhood, you can expect to see some older queens in here who love their drinking. 
The mayor is one of my favorite regulars. 
Right now it's currently undergoing a redesign and I can't wait until it opens up again.  That will be an event!I think if I came back here, it would just be for beer, nothing mixed. After having a few brews around town, I just wanted a cocktail. I asked for a Mojito, which I'll admit was probably the wrong thing to order at a place like this, and what I got was sugar water and a few mint leaves. I'm not even sure there was any alcohol in it. Possibly the worst drink I've ever had. 
The place itself was very nice and clean, maybe they just renovated or something, but if that's how they made the drink, I don't know if I want to have anything off the menu. Who knows, maybe I'll try it again one day and have a better experience.Finns has a great microbrew selection and quite a tasty menu! The ahi tuna nachos are to die for! Wednesdays in the summer you can enjoy the luxury of not digging deep in your pockets for City Sips and then sing your praises to the Philadelphia marketing Gods who invented it during karaoke at Finn's.  It's altogether quite exhilarating :) on the weekends you can take your pick between enjoying microbrews in finn's or running upstairs to Prime to release your weekly urge to fist pump. There's something for everyone!I wish it was possible to give 0 stars.  I totally agree with the previous poster about the food....I generally am not too picky about my bar food, but this bordered on inedible.  My burger was totally overdone, despite asking for it medium rare.  When I requested a new burger, our server got annoyed, but eventually did take it back.  But what really irritated me was he brought me a new one that was similarly overcooked for my taste!  Rather than send it back AGAIN, I just choked down a few bites.  When the server came back and asked me how it was, I told him it was exactly the same and he literally ROLLED HIS EYES!  So yea.......not only did the burger taste terrible, but the server was so rude.  
As for the bar/nightlife part of it, I generally am not much for clubs, but I found this place to be particularly terrible.  The crowd was kind of shady, it was too crowded, the bartender was slow, the DJ wasn't very good....all in all it was a bad time.  
I don't think anyone should waste their time/money at Finn McCools when there are so many better places in the neighborhood.Stopped in for the first time yesterday while on my lunch break in search of a place to watch (and hear!) the Phillies day game.  Pleasantly surprised to see the two bar TVs had the game audio.  The French onion soup was huge, had a sh-t ton of provolone and a lot of onions.  I devoured it.  Not the best I've ever had, but it was good, and probably the largest/cheesiest. Britany behind the bar was friendly and re-filled my iced tea (not from Long Island - damn you, responsibility!) a number of times.  The three bean soup, which I stole a couple bites of, was also damn tasty.  The happy hour specials seem decent.  The place was pretty immaculate.I've eaten here once and been here for drinks possibly 3 times. And all of them were somewhat forgettable but not terrible. The drink specials, are pretty good and the bar service is great. The waitresses are less than attentive but the place was pretty busy when I ate there so I will chalk that up to the server having to fight a crowd. 
I typically only end up here on bar crawls (although I have been for dinner 1x) and the bartenders seem to have a good handle on a crowd. It's not the kind of place where you feel like you need to double fist because you know you'll never get the bartender's attention again.Seemed just ok. I'm from out of town and have only been here once, on a late Friday afternoon. 
My main beef with the place is the acoustics. High ceilings look great, but can result in so much echo that people have to shout at each other to be heard. Especially when there's the awful (typical) generic-nothing-style music playing. 
Service was good, though, and the bar length was better than Fergie's, but I'd still rather be at Fergie's.There are SO many great bars in Philly.  Finn McCool's isn't necessarily one of them. Every time I go here, the service is slow, the beer selection is a-okay, and not necessarily that which I'd love, and the crowd is so - so. It's just not a place I'd seek out, unless I was with a pack of people who were.  There are about 5 - 7 bars in that neighborhood that I'd go to over this!I just don't get this place.  My former co-workers loved it and would suggest it often.  But I never drank the kool aid.  
First of all, it's tiny and I like room for friends to be able to join the fun.  Secondly, the drinks are pretty expensive.  I get that it's in Center City, but you can get better prices at Moriarty's Irish Pub or any of the 10,000 Irish bars in town.  Finally the service is, meh.  I've had a nice bartender from time to time, but they mostly seem like they can't be bothered.
I gave it an extra star because I like the jukebox.Pretty standard bar. Good beer selection, dancing upstairs, and solid bar food. Kinda dead during the week but can get packed on weekends. Service is exceptional. Servers and bartenders are great and do their job well.Was a great time! I've never been here before, but had always walked by. The atmosphere was pretty laid back, drinks were good, and the entertainment was great! They had a live musician--Sean Coyne-- playing cover songs and it made the night even better. It's not a super big place, but it was big enough to listen and dance around a little bit, too! Would definitely come back and recommend this to others.I was on my way to Barbuzzo when I realized it was closed for Memorial day, and ended up checking this place out.  I started with a beer, but after chatting with the bartender about my Sangria craving - he whipped my friend and I up a batch, complete with muddled fruit!  
The place was pretty dead since it was a Monday night, but the people that were there were friendly, the bartender was awesome, and they had a great jukebox selection.  I will definitely be back!I really enjoyed my visit to Finn McCools Ale House in Philadelphia. 
The service was great (Racquel was very attentive and friendly) although it was not busy Monday at 6:30pm (Happy Hour is 5-7pm Mon-Fri). Looks like they have an event on Wednesdays with Effen Vodka from 5-7pm. 
We checked in on Yelp and received an offer for a free Washington Apple shot which was an apple cranberry whiskey shot (?). The server didn't know anything about it but asked and honoured it. It was surprisingly good!
I tried the Finn Fizz vodka and Elderflower liqueur drink.  Very refreshing! I followed it with a pineapple cider from Austin Eadstciders. It was very mild and enjoyable. 
We tried the Philly Cheese steak spring rolls which were delicious. The fish and chips (cod) was tasty although frozen. 
Really enjoyed my visit and would come again if time permits.I came to Finn McCool's to watch game 3 of the Penguins v Flyers - 2008 - playoffs, where the Flyers lost.  Honestly, the place could use more tv's, specifically the place needs two more 40 inchers.  There's a couple spots, near the door where the closest TV is about 30 feet.  Anyhow they served beer, on tap and cold,. My buddy was drinking top shelf scotch and times were merry so no complaints about the liquor served. I did have the Shepherd's Pie and the appetizer sampler and the food was hohum but I chowed it down because I had the drunk munchies.  I wouldn't go to Finn's just to eat but if I end up there again and drunk and I'd eat the food.  I will say the pie I had was a bit lacking of ingredients. Finn's served the pie as ground beef w/ too few carrots covered with powder mashed potatoes; a proper shepherd's (or cottage) Pie SHOULD have carrots, onions, peas mushrooms, potatoes, tomato puree and of course some gravy.  
The space is a bit small so groups larger than 7 should call ahead.
BTW the way after the game the place tried to do some Karaoke and the mc was terrible and the audio was terrible and the night would have been so much better if they just altogether stopped doing karaoke. Then the place could stay as a local pub watering hole.My boyfriend and I went for dinner. We sat down at a hightop. We waited....and waited....and waited....and left.I stopped in to Finn McCool's last night with two girlfriends for Center City Sips (for those who are Yelping from a cave, CC Sips is a special Wednesday night happy hour from 5-7, during which participating bar/restaurants offer $3 select beers, $4 select wines, $5 select cocktails and various food specials).
When we walked in, it was pretty packed. I didn't care about sitting, but my friend was starving, so we asked for a table. The server said they may have some room upstairs, and pointed us in the direction of a very nice gentleman who offered to lead us to a table. We went upstairs and actually preferred the atmosphere of the bar over a table, so he made sure to grab some extra chairs so we could be seated. Very accommodating. 
We started off with a round of blueberry margaritas. It sounded intriguing enough, but for me, a former bartender of 6 years, it fell a little flat. It was a little overly sweet and reeked of super cheap tequila and ::gag:: triple sec. The other ladies like it though, so it's probably just another case of me being a drink snob.
Anyway, we ordered, by the bartender's recommendation, Ahi Tuna Nachos and Cheesesteak Spring Rolls. The Ahi Tuna Nachos were pretty good. The tuna was a tad overcooked for my tastes, and maybe a little too heavy on the soy sauce (I drank a whole glass of water in .5 seconds after eating). However, the little diced veggies on top along with the wasabi mayo added a nice freshness, and I enjoyed the use of wonton to make the "nachos". The Cheesesteak Spring Rolls were exactly as I expected them to be. They were certainly tatsy, but not special either. The menu describes them as being served with a "spicy aioli". When it comes out, it's actually cheese and sriracha swirled on the plate like chocolate sauce on your Applebee's dessert. Don't get me wrong, I liked the addition of the sriracha very much. I just think it could have been a little more accurately described on the menu and more creatively presented.
All in all, I think this place has a friendly, accommodating staff, but could use a little help when it comes to executing their dishes as well as their drinks.The selection of beer is ok, but what I had (smithwicks and watermelon) were both very good! We had chicken wings and nachos, for the happy hour price $6 each appetizer, it's a pretty good deal! And the food were tasty! I also had classic bangers&mash, so delicious! The service was good, although it was before dinner time, the place was kinda slow. Overall, I was happy that I stopped by this small place for happy hour. For the reasonable price in center city, service and the selection of beer, I will definitely go back!I have a memory of being in this place about twenty years ago, and it looking very different back then.  I don't remember if it was McCool's or another name, but for sure it was a much darker and dingier dive in those days.  Today, there are large windows along the back wall letting in some light, and the bar has been moved to the inner wall to permit that to happen.  The place still has that old pub feel, all dark woods and lots of draft beer handles and liquor bottles on the back bar shelves.  
Yes. Plenty of choices, and a decent menu, too.  When I stopped in around 1 for lunch before a meeting a few blocks away, there was only one other guy at the bar, and one table occupied.  Those people were gone before I finished, leaving me to have a good conversation with Heather, the bartender.  This is one of the benefits of late lunches. Miss the happy hour, but befriend the bartenders, and ask lots of questions. 
Very cool that she has been there 13 years, joining the crew shortly after the old place was purchased by the current owners who made all the structure changes seen today.  Turns out the hosts are Greek and do a very good take on the tavern comfort foods coming out of the basement kitchen.  I'm told the new dumbwaiter was installed fairly recently, saving a load of stair climbing to serve customers.  
I had a Summer Love draft and the house Macaroni and Cheese for a light meal.  The former was cool, mildly complex and easy going down, and the later, hot, cheesy and served in the same crockery as the French Onion Soup.  Although an app, it filled me amply, and left room for a coffee stop on my way to the meeting on Market St.  
I was very happy with my short sojourn at McCool's.  In its quiet unassuming way, it is a nice haven from the street hustle, and in a similar vein, a pleasant alternative to the louder vanity stops that abound in Center City.  
The reincarnation has gone very well.Happy hour is really good. My friend & I got 2 beers, 2 wines, & 2 big apps all for $20!Awful. Sat for 5 minutes and when we asked the female bar waitress if we could order, she threw some menus at us. She had walked by us 3 times already. Place not crowded. Not sure how you can expect to get business or good review when you hire and retain people with terrible service. Skip this place and head to Smokin' Betty's.Me and a buddy were just looking for a place to drink and chill. This place provided great service and a relaxed atmosphere. It was so laid back we went again the next day. Needless to say I would highly recommend going to this place.Interesting place, really depends on what you are in the mood for.  While the downstairs is pretty tight and uncomfortable with any semblance of a crowd, the upstairs is a pretty wild dance party.  I'm not sure how many times I had gone there without knowing this, at times when it gets crowded they charge a $5 cover so just be prepared.
Overall, good beer downstairs if it isn't crowded, dance crowd upstairs if that is your scene.This place doesn't have a lot of tables... It's nice it's two floors. But the second floor was hot and it was only a Saturday afternoon in April. Drink specials are decent. There's plenty of other bars that are better.Average Irish pub, good place to sit down and have a GuinessStopped in the other night to kill some time before the YE event down the street. This is a nice spot for a quick drink and their list of beers on tap is pretty good. The place is small and I only glanced at the menu - but it looked pretty limited.
Seems like a place for a quick drink on the way to another place. Nothing really special except for the corner location. the bartender was nice and a good talker, which I like, so I will give the place 3 stars.So, there's not a whole lot to say about Finn McCool's other than it's "ok" in most aspects.  It's a great location, doesn't get overly crowded, has a lot of tvs for sports watching, and the draft list is decent.  My biggest complaint is the draft pours.  They were consistently 2oz short on every beer, which drives me crazy at $6-7 a draft.Best bartender I've had in many years. Came here just walking past. Kyle was amazing! Check this place out and ask for Kyle.Was in Philly so had to order cheese steak sandwich and fries.  Good sandwich and nice atmosphere.  Service was attentive and quick.  I would go back again!Fun great bar! Bartenders are great and the music is good! Also Check in gives you a free shot.I was in Finn McCool's on friday night. The place was jumping. They have apparently hired a new chef and the food was amazing. Try the ahi nachos. After having some food and a few choice beers from their diverse selection my friends and i headed upstairs to PRIME LOUNGE. The swanky lounge above the good ole traditional Irish bar was obviously the place to be. The dj was spinning and the place was packed full of girls dancing. They had a nice size vip area with reasonable bottle prices. I know where i am going to be next weekend!This is a cool concept, a modern irish bar, it's a bit to bourgeois in a NOT good way.
The beer selection was ok, definitely better in the city, probably not going back, sorry Finn McCool's, you weren't cool enough, oh snap...Since for some reason I always seem to end up at Irish bars, I might as well mention my experiences at Finn Mccools.
I have only ever gone for happy hour and it is one of the better drink-wise one's in Center City. $4 Mixed drinks and $2 Drafts can't be beat, there are similar specials during Phillies games too. I have also got the $5 plate of wings before but they were pretty dry and there were only 8 of them, not exactly a special. Important to also note, unlike a lot of places where the Center City Sips specials differ online from when you actually arrive, Finn Mccools is consistent.
The biggest dissapointment is the outdoor seating. It exists in limited quantities but for some reason the corner of 12th and Sansom always smells like the sewer threw up. I can't imagine eating a real meal outside.Not a good day for Finn McCool's. I placed an order two dinners to go. The first one up too bat was the fish and chips we had to reheat it in the oven when we arrived home since it was all soggy.( Hard to believe when you only live three blocks away.) Hence using Styrofoam to go containers for items like this isn't the best choice. 
The second item was a grilled steak salad. Now I know what you're thinking this actually sounds pretty good, but beware! When you open the container you are immediately presented with something that Jon Taffer from Bar Rescue would have a field day with. (Pictures will be included at the end of this review so you can develop your own opinion.) The steak was supposed to be medium rare but instead it was something you would expect back in grade school when classmates would tell you ''don't eat the schools meat on Wednesdays'' It was literally all shaved fat trimmings from a Ribeye steak. I'm not sure my dog would even take a gander at it. Moving on...
I Immediately called Finn McCool's back to say help! My salad is really messed up I believe I spoke with the Manager and he was very friendly and asked if I would like a new one or a different item. After that horror show, I opted for a different item. The second choice was a Grilled Chicken Sandwich, I was thinking well, let's stick to something safe. When I arrived home with the second replacement meal I was anxious to open this meal up and eat it.  The end result is the only thing salvageable was the French fries, there was so much aioli on this chicken sandwich they must of overstocked with Ken's dressing. 
I do not think I will be returning.. future patrons, returning customers... stick with a cocktail and hope the bartenders do a better job than the kitchen does.
-Respectfully Submitted, 
-Scott, 
Philadelphia Resident.Came here for City Sips but only experienced the 15% off dinner special, not the drinks. We had a large group and they accommodated us well. The place kind of emptied out after City Sips was over. Food was okay--just standard. Don't expect anything out of it.Went here on an early Saturday afternoon as a part of a bar crawl.
Not crowded-- upstairs bar was really cool.  We did not order food-- they had $6 bar snacks though so that seemed like a decent price.
Their specials was kind of basic-- light beer, regular beer. No well drinks or anything on special. Atmosphere was nice-- music was at a nice level. It was a nice day-- the upstairs had a big window that was open to view the street below.A group of friends and I ended up here after the Philadelphia Marathon in November.  Everywhere else we wanted to go was closed on a Sunday, so we meandered into Finn McCool's.
I'm sure this is a decent place if you just want a hang out with a beer and watch football on TV.  But DO NOT order food here.  It took over an hour to get our food, and it was terrible.  I ordered fish and chips, standard pub fair, and it came out cold, with soggy, limp fries on the side.  Everything tasted like it was frozen and microwaved.  My friend found a hair in her salad.  FAIL.I would have given more stars if I had only gone once.  The first time I had the best mac & cheese in philly.  Baked, piping hot and delicious.  The second time it was clearly nuked, watery and barely edible.  They really deserve 2.5 stars but can't so giving the third for the 1st mac and cheese.  The fish and chips was OK.The service was pretty good, but I didn't actually eat anything here... there wasn't really anything on the menu that really stuck out to me. 
The only question is why this place is considered a sports bar.  Seems like a plain old bar to me... nothing particularly sporty about it.When a Irish bar has coors light and blue moon that is also a coors light brand on tap it makes the bar look bad.  Even u have Yuengling Lager on tap, really? Just have it in bottles only.  Act like a good Irish bar not a local town bar.Came here for St. Patrick's day knowing what to expect but it was still terrible. Over crowded and short staffed! The interior just seemed like another irish pub/ dive bar. The lady who took our drink order was really sweet and made an effort to be attentive despite the chaos.People don't realize that this place has really great food! They actually just changed Chef and it really amazes me that an Irish pub would have the most delicious mussels, fish of the day over rice pilaf or the vegetarian dish which just makes me come back for more! 
I live in the area and as surrounded as I am by the best restaurants in the city, my go to place is Finn's .. They are a family owned place and they are just fantastic! 
Oh yes and the fries.... well just out of this world!Was here recently and had great service and food.  I had the buffalo chicken sandwich which was really good and the fries were awesome too.  They'd be really good with a dipping sauce but are good as they are too. The service was fast and pleasant.  I'll be going again,There's an inherent perkiness to restaurant language, a codified set of terms both restauranteurs and diners mostly adhere to. "Fine" means the food is disappointing. "Cozy" eateries are code for tables so near each other you might find a dollar bill stuffed in your waistline after squeezing between them. Persistently being asked if everything's all right or if you need anything else means "Are you going to leave soon? I'd like that. Yeah, you should totes leave soon." I think our server here wanted us to leave soon.
Finn McCool's is a chain and the food tastes like it. The cheese on the nachos tasted like it came from a pump and the chicken from a microwave, for example. Yeah, it's only bar food but that doesn't mean you have to build your menu around what your frozen food distributer has in their warehouse icebox. 
The bar aspect of it might be fun. Or it might just be fine.Great spot for beer selection & specials!! Staff was super friendly and specials during football were good.  Randomly in Philly for the marathon ... So the barstools weren't super comfy but that was all me not them...will def go back!!This was my favorite pub to hang at when I lived in Philly! Awesome crowd, kick ass bar tenders, great drink prices [the specials are nice as hell].
I would not go there for a serious sit down dinner, it's an IRISH pub [nuff said] but it is a cool little joint and the atmosphere is chill.
If you get the beer buzz munchies DO get the ahi tuna nachos. THE best! I'll always stop by and chill when visiting Philly!Stumbled in here one Sunday summer afternoon when we drove in for a friend's birthday party at Lolita's (which I recommend).  It was POURING and we were early so thought, let's go get a pint!  Loved it - great service, decent selection of beers...someone said it's a great place to take things easy and I definitely agree.  We stored our six packs under our bar stools (the restaurant we were going to is a BYO) and everyone laughed at us.finn mccool is a regular HH spot of mine.  i like coming here but oddly, it's usually never my first choice to come here lol  i think about it every time finn mccool comes up in conversation but can't quite figure out the disconnect between me and the bar.
first, if you haven't been here for HH, this is definitely a good spot to start off the early evening.  drinks are reasonably priced and a great selection of munchies.  our all time favorite is the philly cheesesteak spring rolls, so good and crispy every time!  recently, we also tried the wings.  idk if it's ok to say this but i might prefer these over the Moriarty ones!  so food has been solid and i've heard good things about the other items on the menu too.  ie: looking at their tacos would just made me drool.
so how can you get a good experience at finn mccool? i think for finn's, it's best to chill by the bar.  getting a table is fine if you have a bunch of people but for whatever reason, i just don't feel comfortable sitting at one of the tables.. maybe it's the tight space and close quarters.. neighbors are a little too close.. the chairs are bulky? it's an obstacle sometimes just to get up for the bathroom.
so i could see why some people's experience were meh but give it another shot if you're a regular bar crawler.  the HH deal is not bad for the city.I was visiting from out of town and looking for a quiet place where I could have a beer and some bar food without feeling conspicuous. I found it at Finn's. Bar tender pointed me to a great local IPA and the Philly Cheese Steak sandwich was pretty good. Atmosphere was worth it - small, friendly neighborhood bar. I'd go there again.We went in to Finn's to watch the Eagles game.....uneventful atmosphere really. Beer was a little more expensive compared to other places. We did order food, mine had a modification which totally came out wrong. But the food tasted good. I don't think that we will go back to watch a game again, but if you are looking for a bar to just sit at, there were seats open.Went here once for Prime Lounge. It was a very small room but they had a decent bar, DJ playing and tables for you to sit and order a drink. They had $3 Malibu Bay Breezes as their special that night and it was well made. There was no cover, I don't think there usually is any.
Place started to pick up around midnight and my girls and I were dancing our butts off even though no one else really was (you gotta make your own fun, right?). A guy ended up buying us a round of shots which were pretty good. All in all a fun place to hang out with a small group of people, nothing crazy like a club or lounge. You can get up a dance if you wanna, you can sit and chill if you wanna.Another Yelper aptly described this place as a sort of nondescript waypoint for lost souls more or less on their way to another bar. Nothing really distinguishes Finn McCool's from the numerous other Irish-esque joints within a few blocks, though it certainly does not offend in the vein of the more popular/trashier spots that are frequented by the Rittenhouse hordes. The layout and size of the place leaves something to be desired and makes movement around the bar rather difficult, but seats or tables aren't terribly challenging to acquire even on busy weekend nights.
That said, the beer selection is fairly good for this kind of spot. You won't find anything rare here, but there's a draft for everyone. Staple craft classics (think Dogfish 60 Minute, Lagunitas IPA, and Allagash White) with a couple of locals thrown in appeal to the beer nerds, while European imports (Guinness, Smithwicks, and their ilk) and American domestic swill (Bud and all that) round out a bigger proportion of the tap lines.
Craft pints are $6, which isn't bad. I cannot imagine myself spending more than an hour here due to the array of better or more exciting beer bars in the vicinity (Strangelove's and Bru come to mind), but I certainly will consider this place for a beer or two as a hinge point for a future venue.I went to this place after class, so around 5-6pm.  The place was dead.  Not a lot of people hanging out, or it just might be because it was a weekday.  
The food was not that great, eatable.  I ordered Fish & Chips and the fish was soaked with oil.  Fries were cold.  Great beer selection, although the price after happy hour could be a bit expensive.  Great service.Came here during beer week and they were introducing craft beers from Dogfish Brewery. It's a fun smallish neighborhood bar with a very, very nice bartender who made our visit very pleasant. We ordered a few Dogfish beers and particularly like the Black and Blue and the Chateau Jiahu. The Black and Blue is crafted using blackberries and blueberries, while Chateau Jiahu is sweetened with honey. 
I don't really know whether they will have these special beers available after beer week but with the friendly atmosphere and the friendly bartendress (is this a word?) I wouldn't mind coming back again.I recently went here for a bar crawl.  The bar crawl made the place pretty hectic but I think on a regular night it would be a good place to sit down and have a drink with friends. I didn't recognize some of the music they played and it is not a dancing kind of bar.  I loved the apple shot they have here.  It didn't taste like alcohol and was so easy to drink.Horrible. Entrees did not match the menu. Everything was greasy and cold. Except the beer. That was warm. Please don't support this s#*thole. Service equaled the food.While wandering to find a spot yesterday afternoon for some yummy eats prior to going to the Phillies game we came upon this place just prior to Happy Hour. Enjoying a good deal as much as the next couple, we checked out a couple of other places in the same block and settled on this one due to its menu. 
Made the right choice for sure, after ordering and splitting, the turkey club, a glass of wine, and a 16oz glass of Jack's Abby Saxony Lager. 
The service was very prompt, with no issue us asking to share, (we have had issues with some places wanting to charge more to share, what is that about) the beverages very tasty and the ice water with lemon very cold with lots of ice and nice fresh lemon. The turkey club was well executed, although we wonder all the time why they pile all the protein up in the middle of the bread to make it look like you are getting an enormous amount of meat. Just spread it out evenly over the piece of bread so it doesn't get pushed out and makes it easier to eat. The fries were perfectly cooked and piping hot. 
The food comes up from the kitchen in a dumbwaiter which is novel for us and a cool feature. We enjoyed the meal and beverages so much we went back today and had lunch again. This time no Happy Hour, we had the beef dip and the same beverages. The lunch came up on separate plates for us which was a nice touch. 
The food today wasn't up to the caliber of yesterday with the fries a little well done, but the lovely K loves them that way. She ate the fries on my plate, and me, her fries. There could have been more beef on the bread and we found the dip bowls a little small in diameter, and not nearly enough. 
Yesterday's bill with a tip of over 20% was $25 and today $30, so good value in our mind for excellent fare. If today's food would have been on par with yesterday's we would have happily provided all five stars. 
Do yourselves a favour, check this place out!
CheersCheesesteak, shmeezsteak. They have a good one, but come for the wings and beer. Bartenders treated me like a regular. I stumbled in on business and will never be back, but will insist anyone I know visiting, has to go.Two words: it sucks. Lousy atmosphere. The only thing Irish about it was whiskey and beer. Other than that typical, uninteresting dive bar.I've been to Finn's a few times now, mostly due to its convenient location. It's pretty much your standard run of the mill bar. Nothing to write home about, but nothing to complain about either - which isn't necessarily a bad thing. They are consistent, and I appreciate consistency.
Their happy hour includes a few different draft beers, house wines, cocktails and $5 apps. The HH nachos aren't incredible, but they are decent, and the portion is pretty big. I usually opt for a couple of Coors drafts and  I'm a content gal.Went here after a concert. Place was dead, but I prefer it that way!
Great beers on tap, mostly local at that
Located in the bar district in PHL
Have a pint there for me!I go to bars to eat all the time. Its as simple as this...Go get a shepherd's pie from "Fergies" or some other local pub and then go have one at Finn McCool's. I've had a server there offer me escargot. I'm not sure if everything fits the whole Irish theme, and i think maybe the layout creates some problems, but the food is far beyond your average pub and the taps are nice. I happen to be in the food service industry and i can't help but root for these guys and their progressive approach to pub grub.I love Finn McCools. I scheduled the after party for my wedding at the bar next door. When some of my guests arrived the bar next door closed the curtains on them. I'm lucky that my friends are in the industry and asked the owner of Finns to stay open for us. We all had an amazing time and totally slammed them with 30 plus people but got great service! thanks FinnsOne of my favorite Irish bars in Philadelphia. Cheesesteak spring rolls are the best. Everything on the menu is good. Staff is great, make sure you ask Heather to poor you a Guinness!!!!I'm a regular here. Every time I go, Always Great service. Best cheesesteak egg roll in the city hands down! and the fish & chips is a must have! I also booked an event for 100ppl upstairs and they delivered! Everyone had a great time... The drinks keep coming :)Very cool place tucked on the corner of 12th and Samson st. Tons of beer options both draft and bottles. Sandwiches and dinners looked very good but settled w/ appetizers and they didn't disappoint. Cheesesteak egg rolls as simple as they are, were the best I've ever had. Also had one of the best manhattans ever thanks to the bartender Ryan. Overall great experience.I will cut these folks some slack because it was New Year's day, after the big mummer's parade.  The place was so jam packed that the waitress had to go outside in the cold, out the back door, and then come in the front door.  Never the  less, she was extremely attentive to rounds of drinks and dinners.  The menu is pub grub.  I had the fish and chips which were very good.  I'm giving this place a four instead of a five because the place was so loud with rap music and talking that I could not hear a word that anyone at the table said all evening.  The biggest problem was that the women's bathroom downstairs was out of order.  The one upstairs was your worst nightmare of filth.  It had no sign on the door so men kept walking in, thinking it was one of those men or women bathrooms.  That was just gross.  The door to the men's bathroom was open, and the urinals were right there in plain sight.  I suspect on any other night, with the bathroom situation taken care of, this might be a very good place.  To their credit, there was a mixture of all ages, not just drunken 20 somethings.Frequented this spot quite a bit all through out the fall/winter/spring seasons, I have no reasons to think it wouldn't carry into the summer as well. Food is what i would say my favorite thing about this restaurant is. Great little sampler apps such as the calamari and mussels. Perfect spot to wind down in their small "pub" like atmosphere. Must be honest and say I have yet to visit on a weekend, or late night for that matter to see how the crowd is.My daughter's team was recently playing in the NEQ Volleyball Tournament in Philly. We tried reservations on Saturday night at the tourney recommended place and they said no. I called Finn McCool's, as I walked by it earlier and it looked McCool, and spoke with Chris. He said he had a private party at 10 but could squeeze us in if we could be out by 9:30. I agreed. OF COURSE our match ran a bit late and I called and said we'd be 10-15 min later and if it was no longer ok I understood. Nope! Chris was on top of it! We headed there and brought 23 parents and players. The room was all set up for us, the servers were amazing and Chris is my HERO! He was a 5 STAR Host! I could not have asked for anything more. We had a lovely dinner, good beers (for the parents) and amazing service. 
Now, if we can somehow get the whole place to move down to Orlando, I'd be back often! 
Thank you Finn's and THANK YOU Chris!Decent hh spot from 5-7pm. $4 draft beers (allagash white, stella, etc)..pretty good deal. They also have $6 apps  (get the brussel sprouts, mac and cheese, fries looked pretty good too. I only came here Friday but I saw that they had other specials on other days of the week. There aren't many tables so I'd get here earlier if you want to sit somewhere. It does get packed for hh since it's located right in center city.Free shot AF. Thanks Yelp! And Finn of course  Big guy needs a big bar and this is a great corner joint at the cool part of Samson.Important preface to any club type place I review... I don't like clubs.  Or bars. Or social situations at all.  Ok, that might be an exaggeration, but if you like crowded, loud places where you have to take out equity on your home to afford to get drunk... well, then you probably won't get much use from my reviews.
So Prime is a new 'lounge'.  And had a promotion where they would offer free drinks from 9-11 for a $5 cover fee.  So a friend of mine signed us up online.  That means, when we were there, we were on, "The List" (quotations and capitalization added for emphasis).  Of course, I was on the list with my first and last names mixed up,  but no matter.
Headed upstairs to find... a long thin room.  You might think, hey, a bar is a long thin device... it should fit, right?  It does, with just enough room to pass by next to the windows.  So to use up this 'extra' space that someone might use to 'walk' in the 'lounge', they stuck a long bench along the window.  This merges the convenient social atmosphere of a bus stop with the calisthenic side to side motion you have to engage in as anyone who wants to get a drink at the bar sticks their ass in your face.  As for walking from one end of the bar to the other... you can't.
Our free drinks turned out to be free vodka drinks... that may have been mentioned on the website; I assume so.  And, while we were there, we were informed that the bartender was asked to slow down, because he was being 'too efficient'.  Turns out that was probably because they were running out of vodka, because the free drinks stopped before 10PM.  So, we decided to leave this lounge, offended by the misnomer, for there was nowhere that I saw that I could lounge effectively.
I hate to be entirely negative.  So, was there anything good? Well the crowd was eclectic and multicultural, which I always appreciate.  Also, my friend Natalie almost saw this one woman's boob.  But mostly, it's that it only cost me $5 to learn that I never want to go back there.
Ok, well, coming on here to find out what this place was to review it, I realized it's just part of a bigger place.  A bigger place with a funky Irish name and a pub atmosphere.  And I like funky Irish names and pub atmospheres, so maybe at some point I'll give the first floor another chance, but I didn't see the first floor the first time, I can only go on what I saw, so that's the review you get.  Take it as you will.Altogether, my whole family enjoyed it very much. The fries were great, and the service was excellent. Both floors are well maintained, and the music was interesting.decent beer selection. $4 drafts at happy hour.  the fired peirogees were surprisingly good.  good basil pesto chicken sandwich.  good service.