My boyfriend and I have been eagerly waiting Fiorella's opening for what seems like forever. Living just a few minutes away, we knew we'd have to get in to dine ASAP. Simply put, it's like dining in Italy. If I had closed my eyes and you had told me I was back in Bologna or Florence eating pasta, I would have believed you. Marc Vetri has done it again. We waited about 75 minutes for a table around 7:45 on a Sunday night - not too bad, and they send you a text when the table is ready. We were able to pop in a bar nearby to wait. Once our table was ready we ordered drinks (the Amalfi Jawn - love the name) and 3 pastas: rigatoni with sausage ragu, cacio e pepe, and ricotta gnocchi with fried leeks... plus graham cracker panna cotta and stracciatella gelato for dessert.  SO GOOD. The atmosphere is awesome, very cozy and feels like you're in on an exclusive secret. We're definitely going to be regulars at this joint. Welcome to the neighborhood!I first fell in love with Fiorella during the shutdown, when their arancini, homemade pasta, and mix of different pasta sauces became one of the very few reasons I was willing to leave my house. When Philadelphia opened for outdoor dining, Fiorella was one of the first places I wanted to try in-person.
My friend and I showed up for our 5:30PM reservation on a weekday. I guess they must have had a 4:00PM seating, because we ended up having to wait about 20 minutes for a table to open up. No matter - once we were seated, our friendly waiter quickly greeted us and gave us a rundown of the menu. We wanted to order everything and had an especially hard time narrowing down the pasta choices! 
For me, the standouts were the fig gnudi, which was so soft and pillowy and borderline dessert-like, and the paccheri al frutti di mare, which came with lobster (!) and chock-full of seafood flavor, down to the tuna-infused breadcrumbs. My friend loved the pork ribs with peach agrodolce - with those perfectly ripe peaches and tender rib meat, the dish felt like summertime. We ended our meal with two scoops of rainbow sprinkle-covered fior di latte ice cream, which was just the perfect ending to a wonderfully hot and sunny dinner.
We did both get the pasta water gin martini, which honestly tasted like it was missing something - maybe a citrus twist or something - to tie the whole concept together. But that was the only misstep in our otherwise-stellar meal - we both left saying we would definitely have to come back soon!Looked great smelled amazing. Poor way to run a restaurant. We arrived after our matinee around 5 pm.  We were told we could go on a wait list and could expect to eat around 11pm! They open at 4pm how do u have a wait list that long?  More importantly where are all the people on the wait list there were six people waiting.  4 seats opened up and they texted the people on the wait list to come. 4 of the 6 of us could have eaten and been gone by the time the wait list people arrived.This was recommended by a really good friend of ours. Due to the limited opening of restaurants with outdoor seating, this place definitely made its mark in this national crisis.  It is maybe seasonal, fresh ingredients , consistent menu changes but it will never fail. The servers , specifically Kyle and Zach were absolutely amazing and friendly and knowledgeable! All the staff were very hospitable and efficient! I highly recommend this place for authentic pastas and dishes like no other! The menu was very Precise and surly satisfying! We will be back in August!GREAT AMAZING Meal
Had 3 apps and 3 entrees for 2 people 
Everyone as good and amazing as the first one
Service Spot On
Food UnbelievableGreat service and food. Waiter was amazingly helpful. First time in this place and gave us all a lasting impression. We would highly recommend this place, worth the drive coming all the way from Morris County, NJ.Let me start by sharing my admiration for Marc Vetri and everything he has done for the Philly dining scene.  I absolutely love Vetri Cucina as well as many of his past restaurants (my all time being Alla Spina).  So, when he decided to pump some life back into Fiorella I was excited.  Also, the fanfare received since its opening was promising.  
We finally made it for dinner this past Saturday.  Of course it was the last weekend of summer and unseasonably cold.  But there we're plenty of Peroni and amaro to warm us up.  Fortunately the parking on the street was gone so they were able to put tables out.  There is a covering in the event of rain plus some heaters.  Once it get's cold I'm not sure how they're going to do as there aren't many tables inside; I'm hopeful that they do well with takeout to offset the losses they'll see from losing the outside seats.  
We ordered the menu, I wanted to try it all and there aren't a ton of dishes.  First to arrive was a dish that I was probably most excited to get but was disappointed the most in....the tuna crudo. The tuna was cubed in lemon whey with cucumber.  It looked great but I am not sure if there was any seasoning on it.  Nearly flavorless.  Unfortunately, the lack of seasoning was present throughout the night in many dishes.  
The rest of the antipasti was a hit.  The ribs were my personal favorite, slightly sweet, slightly spicy and tender.  The mozzarella was a fried piece of goodness (but could've used some more seasoning).  The pluot salad was also a very good addition and helped to cut the fat from the ribs and the mozzarella.  
Then the pastas started to arrive with the gnocchi being first.  I personally enjoyed this dish probably the most out of all.  The addition of blueberry and corn was a good contrast to the rich ricotta.  All were good but that same common seasoning issue earlier I mentioned was present throughout the pastas.  
We also did both desserts, I wasn't impressed with the plum clafoutis...but the gelato was great!  An espresso (and a cappuccino for my wife) another amaro and we were on our way home. 
The service was phenomenal...the staff was very friendly, handled everything perfectly and extremely accommodating.  I only went once so this could've been an off night for the seasoning.  I would definitely return and recommend this restaurant.  Even bad pasta (and I'm not implying the pasta was bad at all!) from a Vetri restaurant is better than most.This place was amazing. The neighborhood is adorable and I felt safe walking there even though my reservation was at 9pm. The way they have set up the outdoor seating is also very inviting but still safely distanced. The service was amazing and everyone was very attentive. We were asked if we wanted a drink as we waited to be seated and the drinks arrived on a platter as we waited. The sweet potato tortellini like things were so delicious. Probably one of the best things I've ever tasted. The house red was also very good! Overall great experience.TL;DR Go for the food, not the experience. 
You really have to know what you're walking into. I would not recommend going if the following apply to you:
1. You are in a hurry/don't have 3 hours to dedicate waiting for a spot
2. You are claustrophobic. This place is literally a large counter and a few 2 top independent tables 
3. You want to take your time eating/enjoying your meal. While our server didn't rush us, the hostess kept staring at us and looking at our tables to see how much longer we would be there - which is understandable given the size and the wait list but still frustrating
4. You are very hungry or will be hungry within 3 hours. The portions tend to be on the smaller side 
5. You have a group (seriously, don't do this. This place is not designed to accommodate groups and while they may not turn you away with a party of 5 it is 100% realistic that to get all 5 of you in at the same time you'll have to wait until 11pm or later and they'll have to lose money on your behalf turning away 2 tops to figure out how to fit you all in).
DO GO if the following apply to you:
1. You like good pasta (the sausage rigatoni, get it, trust me it's the best and only consistent thing on the ever-changing menu)
2. You like good dessert (they had a pistachio gelato that was truly incredible)
3. You have the time/desire to go through the 3 hour process to get a table just to feel rushed and have your meal come out 3 minutes after you order it
4. There are only 2 of you
All in all it was nice to be able to try this new restaurant and the food was good but the portions were too small for the price, the wait process is insane, and after an appetizer, dinner, and dessert we were in and out in 35 minutes for a meal that was over $100. The reason I'm not giving it  fewer stars is because I was sufficiently warned by Yelp reviews and Instagram comments, so I went into it with an open mind/without expectations.i've been dying to try this place and so glad that i did. me and my husband came with a set mind of trying every single pasta, we ordered 5 and had a little bit leftover but every single one was delicious!
rigatoni with sausage ragu - this is a staple/classic. gravy is good flavors but i wanted the pasta to be a little bit more al dente and a little bit more sausage
cacio pepe - *CHEFS KISS* PERFECTION nothing i can say or do that i would want more out of this
gnocchi w/ leeks - PILLOWS OF HEAVEN. great flavors. i personally can't handle too much cheese so at this point i wanted something spicy in there but that's just me
spaghetti w/ rock shrimp - this was my FAVORITE dish. fresh, light and scrumptious flavors. the pasta was cooked perfectly al dente 
lamb tortellini? - it's not on the menu anymore but it was good but probably my least favorite. i wanted it to be cooked a little bit more but the broth was layered and i loved that
the focaccia was perfectly baked 
BUT YOU HAVE TO GET THE BUDINO DESSERT. the waffle w/ the strawberry and the budino is so heavenly
all in all, it was awesome sitting inside watching the magic happen. great cocktails/wine and service. there seems to always be new pastas added on the menu so i will be back!Yeah I said it 5 stars. Forget the fact the pasta was perfect, the crudo was fresh and the gelato was silk. Oh and you could stand a spoon on the crema of their espresso. Just Amazing, perfectl night after a really rainy week. Great music and Chef stopped by. 
Really a great great experience.As a fan of all things Vetri, I was so looking forward to trying Fiorella for months! Yesterday I finally had the chance to go when a 7:15 reservation on the patio opened up. We arrived and the table wasn't quite ready so we were offered a drink as we waited which was nice. Then we sat down, but our table was not under a heat lamp with cute lights like the majority and was cast to the end of the block so it was quite chilly and dark. We ordered a bottle of wine, but the waiter mixed up the price so it ended up being more expensive on the check then what we were told...they did change it when I complained but seemed a bit annoyed. 
The first dish was the fried mozzarella and it was the best thing I had. Absolutely delicious! Like a funnel cake with mozzarella inside. It was piping hot and served with a delicious tomato sauce. However it was quite small and only lasted a couple of bites.
For my pasta I ordered the rigatoni and my friend ordered the cacio e Pepe. They did not mention pastas are only brought out one at a time so it was awkward. My pasta arrived right after the appetizer and hers didn't come for 40 minutes....
My pasta serving was surprisingly very big but it wasn't the mind blowing pasta I had anticipated - maybe I had over hyped it too much?
My friend loved her cacio e Pepe when it finally did arrived but agreed it wasn't mind blowing either..
I will be back, hopefully at a table under the cute lights and heat lamps, and try a different pasta dish. I think if the service needs improvement but overall it was a good experience! Also now we know each plate is meant to be shared so don't try to order different dishes to eat at the same time.I came here on high hopes for Marc Vetri's pasta. I was not disappointed. Fiorella offers elevated and inventive pastas. The dishes I had presented subtle and well-balanced new flavors in delightful ways all the while with almost flawless execution.
I started with Arctic Char crudo. The fish did have a ever so slight hint of farminess, but not so much to ruin in. The Char's texture was smooth and creamy. Piled atop the fish was a pickly tapenade that paired well between the creamy and subtle fish flavors and the crunch of some lightly fried crisps (of which the dish needed 50% more for practical sandwichmaking purposes).
I ordered two pastas, a sweeter filled pasta and the classic rigatoni and sausage. Both blew me away.
The first plate was perfectly cooked little pockets of sweet potato/gorgonzola filled pasta covered in bits granola. The pasta sits atop a decadent brown butter sauce. Everything about this dish was perfect. It was sweet, savory, smooth, and crispy. There were so many flavors each just prevalent enough to be noticed but not overpowering. 
The second was a workhorse, the rigatoni. This is just a big bowl of very well executed house made pasta. The pasta itself is the star. It's thick and so fresh. The sausage I felt didn't drive that much flavor and was closer to ground pork than a sausage. The tomato sauce was good and allowed the focus to be on the pasta. I'd like to see a little bit more (17%) focus on the sauce and sausage. But for what it was, it was a joy to eat. 
Both these pastas were better than any we ate in Rome or Florence.Where to start.
With the food I guess.
The cacio e pepe was incredible.
The fazzoletto w/ beef ragu & horseradish, breathtaking.
Long story short, the food was poetry in the making. The springy, chewy noodles with perfect bounce interlaced with the rich, powerful cheesy flavor and the hearty, tantalizing ragu/horseradish combination, resulting in a beautiful marriage of the senses. Touch, taste, smell, sight, and heck why not, even sound, all satisfyingly fulfilled with just one twirl of a fork and one overly-large bite.
The environment and decor? A shoutout to the movies of the past. Tasteful lighting and abundant outdoor seating, the soft sounds of conversation from tables nearby, yet not so close as to be overbearing. Waiters and waitresses drifting in and out, both present and not present, seemingly appearing just when needed. Friendly, knowledgable, engaging in conversation but not overly so.
Lovely experience to say the least.Everything was so delicious! I started with the red Ryder which was so tasty and my boyfriend has a whiskey drink he really enjoyed. We got their version of mozzarella sticks which were really good but a tad salty for me. We also got 3 pasta dishes to split, the rigatoni with sausage, cacio e Pepe, and the sweet potato cappelletti. All were very good. The cacio e Pepe had to much pepper for me but my boyfriend loved it. My favorite was the rigatoni which sausage. The sweet potato cappelletti was very good too but more of a sweet dish. The outdoor dining area was really nice, well spaced out with plenty of heat lamps! The staff was also so friendly and nice. They were attentive but not over bearding and didn't rush you out. Overall it was a great experience and I can't wait to come back and try some new dishes!!I wish that I could review the actual dining experience, but after waiting 30 minutes past our reservation time, standing in the street, we gave up and left.  I understand planning tables can be tricky, but it was clear that Fiorella's philosophy is to far overbook and offer a glass of cheap Prosecco for your trouble.  Sorry, but that don't cut it.  Next time actually give your tables enough time for their meal so later reservations aren't stuck literally standing out in the cold.HUGE Marc Vetri fan over here! ‍ If you live in or are visiting the Philly area, you must make it a point to stop at Fiorella, you won't regret this decision, EVER... Order the Mozzarella in Carozza to start. Crunchy fried exterior w. an oozing cheesy interior. It'll leave you wanting to order another round for dessert! Trust me! For pastas, I would stick with the Cacio e Pepe and the Rigatoni w. Sausage Ragu. I've been to Fiorella's a handful of times and these pasta dishes are always consistent + delicious! The outdoor dining area was constructed well and provides a protected and cute dinning setting for two or even a group of friends! You'll love this place, give it a try!Probably the best pasta I've ever had. The gnocchi is incredible -- must have. We also got the ragu and goat cheese triangle pasta, both of which were delicious as well. Service was great, can not recommend highly enough!!Food is unbelievable! Sat at the bar which we really enjoyed and our server was so great (I believe Zach?). Great drinks as well. Best Italian I have had in Philadelphia and just great vibes all around. We will be going back.Absolutely perfect food. Zero complaints. We went on a Sunday and we were seated outside, it wasn't cold, they had heaters. Very good service and food came out in good time. Waiter was very nice. We also had the ice cream but that was to go. 10/10 would recommend a visit.We enjoyed an excellent meal at Fiorella in their outdoor covid tent. The tables are spaced out with outdoor heaters. 
We started with the Mozzarella in Carrozza which was surprisingly light. We tried four pastas. The Robiolina Sacchetti, Cacio E Pepe, Rigatoni Ragu,
And the Ricotta Gnocchi. All four were great but the Ragu and Robiolina were by far our favorite. 
We finished with some espresso and Tiramisu Gelato - which had both gelato and actual tiramisu. 
Great meal - we will be back.My husband and I finally checked out Fiorella last week. We made a reservation for 7:45pm and were seated inside the restaurant, though if I could choose, I would have preferred to sit outside. Inside, it was narrow, the restaurant used to be a butcher shop, so space is limited. The only seats inside were at the countertop, which some people prefer as you can watch your food being prepared. The seats at the countertop were separated by plexiglass.
We ordered our food and drinks with our server, who provided us with recommendations. She suggested that 2 appetizers and 2 or 3 pasta dishes would be a good amount of food for the two of us. Soon after we placed our orders, our first plate of food came out. We started off with the red snapper crudo and the beef tongue appetizers. The red snapper crudo surprised us - it was delicious and refreshing, something we would order again and again. Big and thick pieces of red snapper served with radish and dollops of crème fraiche with lemon in it. The spiciness of the chili crisp was subtle. Right as we finished the crudo, the beef tongue was served. We were feeling like our dinner was being rushed. The beef tongue was good, the flavors were there, but it wasn't particularly exciting. It did not blow us away like the crudo did.
Then, seconds after we took our last bites of the beef tongue, our first pasta dish was brought out. We noticed the food expeditor scrutinizing us. Our eyes met. What is up with the rushed service? The seats next to us were empty, and the other patrons have been there much longer and were not being rushed. It would've been nice to have a 10 minute break between the appetizers and the pasta dishes.
The raviolo with crab & mushroom was an open faced/deconstructed raviolo, probably as big as my whole hand and more. It was served with a duck egg yolk in the middle, which we were instructed to cut so that it would ooze out, and then eat everything all together. It was sooo good. You can always count on Marc Vetri for his pastas.
After the raviolo, we were not even close to being full. We had one more pasta dish coming, but we weren't sure if that would be enough food for the two of us. The portion for the ziti with pork liver and orange sausage ended up being huge. My husband and I were both very full halfway through the ziti. This pasta dish was also very, very good
.
We still got dessert though. The fior di latte gelato is the crème dela crème of cow's milk, and it was milky, creamy, and light. Great way to close out a delicious meal. 
Overall, I would give the food: 4.5/5.0; service: 4.0/5.0; and experience: 3.5/5.0 because of the food expeditor rushing us. We would love to come back again, but next time, I'll make sure we sit outside, where the food expeditor can't see us.Best meal of my life. Honestly! I've used Yelp incessantly for maybe 10 years and have always been too lazy to write a review until now. Red snapper crudo was the best dish I've ever had. The pasta dishes were spectacular. The peanut butter and blackberry gelato was incredible. The service was wonderful. No complaints. Can't wait to go back.Unbelievable. One benefit of coronavirus has been the ability to make a reservation at sought-after establishments like Fiorella. We celebrated our 11th wedding anniversary here last night. It was wonderful. My husband started with the Arctic char crudo and I had the pluot salad. The salad was light, complex and just what I wanted - focaccia croutons were the best! For dinner, I had the gnocchi and he had the rigatoni. The portions were perfect. The ricotta gnocchi were absolutely delicious. I'm thinking about them now and wishing I could eat them again for the first time. Prices were great, our server Sloan was so nice. Drinks were excellent, as was the ambience. I can't wait to return.A very impressive meal that transported me back to Italy. 
Every detail, from the plates, to the napkins brought me back to Italy. 
I liked the size of this menu. It was on the smaller side but had enough variety. It allowed me to make a decision rather than wanting to try 15 things.
We opted for the snapper crudo, the mozzarella with carrozza, the rigatoni with fiorella sausage in ragu and the cacio e pepe. For dessert, the gelato and a single shot of espresso.
The snapper crudo was very well balanced. Between the variety of textures, the acidity, the spice it was so fresh and delicious. The mozzarella reminded me of a grown up mozzarella stick. 
The pasta was even better. I am a sucker for homemade pasta and this did not disappoint.
It was fresh and al dente. The fiorella sausage is the original recipe. 
The portions were surprisingly large on the pasta. I thought I may leave hungry but fear not, I was very content after the pasta. I heard the seasonal pastas are on the smaller side.
For dessert, the gelato was the perfect ending to this meal. Also, one of the best espressos I have had. 
My only recommendation to the restaurant would be to ditch the Sean Paul music. I would rather hear Italian music in this setting.Heat lamps? 
90s playlist? 
Mouthwatering handmade pasta? 
Cover all your marks? Then Fiorella is the spot to fill all of your pasta dreams. This one has been on my list for awhile, and it did not disappoint! 
Willing to try something new and unique? The Sweetbreads were an adventurous, grown-up "chicken nugget". The Mozzerella "encaged in bread" promises the perfect cheese pull. For a fall dish with surprising flavor combos that just work (who would've thought granola on pasta? - @marcvetri of course!), go for the Cappeletti. The Rigatoni was simple and classic. The Conchiglie was full of sweet lobster meat and baked so the edges were browned and slightly crisp. The Cacio e Pepe is a Fiorella go-to - I made this at home when they were selling pasta at the beginning of the pandemic, so I knew it would be delicious! The Ricotta Gnocchi were pillowy, cheese filled clouds of pasta. Just wow. Hands down the table favorite - don't pass on these if they are still on the menu! 
Pro-tips: reservations open exactly two weeks in advance to the day! If you find yourself with a Resy, it is good to know that the recommendation is to order 2 dishes per person - plate sizes do vary per dish. For a group of four, we ordered 2 apps and 5 pastas, and we left full and satisfied. Food does come out as prepared, so sharing makes the experience more enjoyable.Absolutely lovely place with great staff. It's a Vetri spot so you know the pasta is spot-on. Cacio e Pepe is a must of course and the sausage ragu that honors the Fiorella sausage tradition of the location is always delicious. 
My only hesitation with coming here is the LOUD music they blast. Still eating outdoors as long as we can and I get wanting to pump up the staff, especially in these challenging times and dealing with all that comes with outdoor dining in the cold. I wish they would just turn the volume down and maybe choose a little more relaxed vibe with the song selections. I like The Strokes as much as the next person but when it's blasting in my ear when I'm trying to eat/converse, it's a little intense and not in a good way. Otherwise 10/10 for absolutely everything else.If you're looking for the best pAsta in philly on top of an authentic south Philly Italian heritage and legacy this is it. Fiorellas roots run DEEP in this city and have a great rich story. See tons about it online. The inside is very very very small. Maybe 3-4 tables that seat 2 ppl only. The rest is at the bar seats with an open kitchen. We quite enjoyed watching the artistic cooking style of the chefs and cooks. Fun to watch the magic happen. I'd heard about this place ages ago and somehow snagged a 7:45 pm resi last minute. And wow we're we lucky! We had a great meal. Great service too. Frequently filled our water and cleared our plates. It's surprisingly hard to find this type of attentiveness. We got 3 dishes to share and foccocia bread. My favorite was the pumpernickel paperdelle with duck and huckleberry... crazy but I loved it. Didn't think I would. The cacio de Pepe and rigatoni with sausage ragu were both FIRE as well. Personally the cacio and rigatoni were a LITTLE little salty for me but my boyfriend completely disagreed and loved them. I did too but I definitely like less salty pasta. Alas i still walked away completely in awe. We decided to get the cinnamon bun with icing after watching the cooks prepare so many infront of us (great marketing tactic actually) and it was so warm and yummy. So perfect for Christmas time. My boyfriend also said the Manhattan cocktail was one of the best he has ever had. But mind the small serving for a big price of $15. Definitely happy I got indoor seating. The outdoor patio seemed very nice but I saw ppl wearing coats in it and there was a big open arch that was clearly miserable for those sat next to it. Eating outside past November is a big no for me. Try to eat inside. Beware that the seats inside near the actual main building door will also be super cold from servers walking in and out constantly. Pack a heavy sweater or dress thick layers. We didn't and our waitress was awesome and let us slide down the bar further away from the door upon two guests leaving. Thank GOD lol. Highly recommend this wonderful Marc Vetri spot - we even got to see Marc in person during our visit , lucky us!!!! This is a 9 min. Walk from our apt. We are so lucky. We loved it here and know now that this is truly the best pasta in the city. Come here if you can. You'll be lucky if you can.Definitely exceeded expectations and is probably some the best pasta I've ever had! Not cheap but mostly worth the splurge. Don't expect a fancy place, but it definitely has charm.
Red snapper crudo- this was the only thing that was super disappointing. I was excited for it since I love basically anything with raw fish but it was very small, tasted a bit 'fishy' and lacked flavor overall. I would skip it.
Mozzarella in Carrozza was good and fun to eat! Kind of like a deep fried grilled cheese on a stick.. yum!
Ricotta gnocchi- so delicious and different! perfect soft texture completely unlike typical gnocchi. A bomb of ricotta cheese goodness with a flavorful hazelnut brown butter drizzle.  To die for. 
Robiolina sacchetti with apricot and walnut pesto- amazing! again delicious fresh soft pasta with very flavorful filling, black pesto was divine and perfect amount of apricot accentAMAZING. I don't even know where to begin. Our waiter was very knowledgeable on the menu, explained everything in great detail and helped us choose. The mozzarella in carrozza was sooo good. We were worried we would be getting just fancy mozzarella sticks but it is very different, more like a flaky crust and absolutely delicious! We ended up getting 3 pastas, the Lobster Conchiglie, the cacio e pepe, and the Sweet Potato Gorgonzola Pasta. WOW WOW WOW everything was better than the next. All so incredibly delicious. My favorite was definitely the sweet potato pasta as it was something very unique and nothing I have ever tried before. Loved this place so much, will definitely be returning!So I have nothing to say about the food, drinks, or service, but I would not recommend this establishment during the pandemic, was seated inside in front of the open kitchen, not only were none of the staff wearing face shields mandatory for indoor dining, BUT THE CHEF DID NOT HAVE HIS FACE COVERED AT ALL WHILE COOKING PEOPLES FOOD, for a place that it is so "upscale" as to require a deposit for a reservation that seems absurdFiorella has officially convinced me that I can live the rest of my life without men. This meal will allow you to recognize that consuming Marc Vetri's pasta will always, always be more fulfilling than being in a romantic relationship with a human person. Fiorella is hands down the best Italian I've had in Philly. This establishment is the Leonardo DiCaprio of the dining scene: it never fails to impress, you will constantly find yourself craving it and you feel a mild level of romantic attraction to it. I consumed at Fiorella this Valentines Day with a platonic comrade of mine, because what better way to spend a holiday that reminds one of one's single-hood than to eat one's body weight in glutinous carbohydrates? 
Service: always absolutely wonderful at this establishment. Fiorella waiters are always genuinely kind and offer great advice in terms of what to order. Service is quick and you will never feel abandoned and neglected at your table. Always a joy in this category!
As for drinks: gin lovers, look no farther. Fiorella's Red Ryder (a delectable mix of gin, pomegranate, lemon and rosemary) will leave you feeling both refreshed and incredibly proud of yourself for ordering something other than a spritz at an Italian restaurant. 
To start: one must order the Mozzarella in Carrozza with tomato when dining at Fiorella. This dish is essentially a grilled cheese which earned its Bachelors Degree and moved to New York to star in Sex and the City. It's the Carrie Bradshaw of grilled cheeses and you ought to - nay you must - try it. 
Next, we ordered the Calamari in Saor. I find myself struggling to describe this dish in the English language. It was absolutely phenomenal. The calamari lay peacefully in a bed of pickled juices and carrot shavings. This dish is a Meet Cute story between pickle and calamari and, my god, it exceeded all expectations. 
Next, Fiorella brought us a complimentary dish of Ricotta Stuffed Gnocchi with black truffle. Now, readers, I speak with complete sincerity here when I tell you that nothing I have put in my mouth during my 21.5 years on Earth will ever taste as good as this dish. The gnocchi can only be described as a cloud of pure bliss. I tasted God himself while consuming this. 
For the pastas: one must order the Rigatoni with Sausage at Fiorella. The sausage in this dish: heavenly. The serving size: generous. The pasta: perfectly tender. Next, we fulfilled our Fiorella obligation of ordering the Cacio e Pepe, a marvelous dish of warm, cheesy goodness. A classic - this dish is the Tom Hanks of pasta. It never gets old. 
For dessert: we ordered both the Graham Cracker Panna Cotta and the Fior Di Latte gelato. The gelato was solid (gelato rarely excites), but the Panna Cotta was the real star of this show. It felt as if I were eating s'mores in the form of pudding (but in a really, really good way). Highly recommend this dish as a wonderful winter treat.
ON COVID OUTDOOR SEATING: Fiorella's outdoor tent is perfect for parties of two. My dining companion and I were warm enough to take off our jackets and our food never got cold. Wonderful dining situation. 
IN SUMMARY: Reader, if you have not yet dined at Fiorella in its first year open, get yourself over to this restaurant ASAP. Marc Vetri nailed it with this one. A true Philly gem.The best meal I have had in Philly, hands down. Absolutely amazing. The calamari was crispy perfection - in a preparation that was actually different from every other calamari around. I thought I could have eaten the cacio e pepe again for dessert, it was so good. But then the gelato was so amazing... I just can't wait to come back. Bonus- the music is awesome!!!WOW. Fiorella left me absolutely speechless last night. Such an amazing meal and experience I don't know where to start. The appetizers were light and perfectly portioned. The salmon was fresh and paired nicely with the toasted flat bread. The pear salad was refreshing with amazing focaccia croutons. And the pasta dishes.... they were out of this world! My boyfriend and I visit family in Italy frequently, and the Caccio e Pepe tasted as if we were back in Rome! Everything was made to perfection at Fiorella, and it brought me genuine joy to eat such amazing food. Basically, if you haven't tried Fiorella yet, you have to get over there already!
Quick Comment on Covid accommodations: 
Fiorella's Covid changes are very accommodating with the customers clearly in mind the entire time. There is a tent outside that was decorated so nicely I forgot we were dining outside! They also had numerous outdoor heaters, a great playlist of music, and beautiful tile tables. For indoor dining there was plexiglass surrounding the bar area and in between tables. Fiorella did an excellent job adapting overall!Excellent food, but overpriced, limited menu, and very slow preparation. Also I am not a fan of the aloof, slackerized version of waitstaff that seems to have proliferated all over Philly. I don't care that you've waited tables in Austin and Portland. This is Philly, pay attention & show some attitude already!
Upvotes for the Randovy salad, rock shrimp served over fresh house-made pasta, the rigatoni with ragu, the cappuccino and the  peanut-butter gelato. The other pastas & deserts were disappointing. The menu, btw, could use a LOT more description. And $13 for a glass of house wine?
You will love the 100-year-old original tile floor that harkens back to the CENTURY during which the Fiorella family crafted the finest sausage on the East Coast.So, yeah. My name is Erinn and I'm a Fiorella addict. I've been here twice in two weeks and again, not a pasta lover in general but these pasta are special. Know what else is special? The staff. Marc Vetri has assembled a team (front of house, cooks, everyone in between) to create a wonderful neighborhood vibe where even the surliest of guests feel the unconscious need to be... well... complimentary to their surroundings. And seriously, the gnocchi. I will order off piste next time but, THE GNOCCHI.We just ate here after they reopened for outside dining from the COVID pandemic. Staff were very friendly and the food was excellent. A bit on the expensive side, but to me it was definitely worth it, maybe more than anything to just be out at a restaurant again! We ordered the arancini saffron rice balls and the ricotta bruschetta for our antipasti. Both were full of great flavor. For our mains, we got the traditional rigatoni with sausage ragu, which had a nice subtle spiciness to it, and the paccheri ai frutti di mare, filled with squid, scallops, and lobster.  Both were absolutely delicious. Highly recommend Fiorella to anyone in the neighborhood!Yep - the hype is real. Fantastic Italian. Ordered one of every pasta to go. That gnocchi is exceptional! Great flavor profile and texture between the hazelnuts and light crisp exterior to each gnocchi with the utmost whipped inside - absolutely perfect. Looking forward to dining in here soon!My first visit was on a Sunday in March. The food and service were top-notch. i just visited today, and while the food was still amazing, I found the service to be very spotty. Our party ordered five pasta dishes, and there was a huge lag time between the first three and the last two dishes. Normally I would not care - this  only concerned me because there is a 90-minute time limit. I knew we were going to also want dessert, which we did get. But there was really no time for coffee/espresso, which was probably why it wasn't offered to us. We barely had time to finish dessert. We got the check, and while my husband was paying, I went to the ladies room. When I returned, they'd already told the rest of our party our time was up, which I thought was in bad form since not everyone was there, the next party was not there yet, and they had to know how slow our entrees came out. So I found my family waiting for me down the block ... lol. But I get it - the next party should not have to suffer for their slow service. But it just left kind of a bad taste in our mouth that they could not even wait five minutes until our whole party was there to boot us out ... lol. Great food though - the best pasta we've ever had.Perfectly cooked pasta! Definitely recommend Gnocchi & Rigatoni with house made sausage 
Oh! And the mint gelato... insane! Can't wait to go backThe menu, atmosphere, staff, facilities, and food were all superbly exquisite, and under-rated (even though the restaurant came to our attention via another very satisfied customer, he could have sold it harder than he did so allow me to do so properly.) If you have not dined at Fiorella yet, book. your. reservation. NOW! The serving staff are all delightful, Gio got us seated and checked in frequently to make sure we were comfortable and enjoying the meal and drinks, always bringing a cute and witty quip when stopping by (we certainly were enjoying ourselves, but never hurts to check.) Our server Gina expertly broke down the menu for us, seemingly aware of every ingredient, what it is and how it adds to the meal. Every recommendation she made was better than the last. Per her recommendation we got the rigatoni w/ fiorella sausage, the first bite was reminiscent of that movie ratatouille when the food critic tries a nostalgic dish at the end and flashes back to his childhood. I was viscerally moved when trying this food, it shook me to my core. Is there a magical Disney rat cooking up this delicious food? No, because if you sit inside you can watch the food being prepared and it's just good old fashion Italian cuisine done right, with love... and lemon zest. The desserts are out of this world, it's a tall order to save room for dessert with so much pasta in the main courses but if you find the room deep within yourself don't skip on dessert! The bombolinis are toasted to perfection and the grape sauce they're in is the perfect flavor pairing . The pecan cinnamon roll dissolves in your mouth with a shockingly sweet, warm icing glaze. Lastly do yourself a favor and try the espresso martini, Jacob our wonderfully adorable bartender is shaking up the best martinis in south Philly. Fiorella DOES NOT DISAPPOINT. I Will be recommending this establishment to all of my friends and will be back for another epic meal very soon!
Don't forget to tip hard, when you see these servers bending over backward to accommodate the ever changing dining experience through this pandemic.Amazing food!!! Not a single thing I've had that disappointed. Been here twice already and can't wait to go back.Worthy of all the hype? Without a doubt. Fiorella will give you all of those 'Lady & The Tramp' date night vibes you didn't know you were craving. The one where you feel like you've ducked out of the big city around you, onto a tiny side street, and even though the city goes on all around you, you feel like you're the only two in the world. It's a understated urban spot with the laid back, no-nonsense old school South Philly vibes. There's a glowing sign in the window which is the perfect juxtaposition to the vintage butcher shop sign above that's been there for almost a decade. You gaze into each others eyes over candlelight at a cute and chic set table, sharing a plate of their outrageous, memorable, must order cacio pepe. (Omg! Totally drooling just thinking of it and wanting to plan a date night as perfect as this again ASAP!!) 
I started with the dirt pasta water martini. It tasted exactly how it sounded. It was strong and definitely "dirty". Order it if you're a vodka fan... I mean, where else would you? Go for it!! Hubs first tried a bourbon based cocktail, then stuck to Peroni. The cocktails are creative, and I would encourage you to step out of the box here! 
We shared the summer veggie bruschetta toast as an app. This ain't your mama's bruschetta! The toast was crispy despite the generous amount of sweet ricotta piled on top,  and the veggies (fresh asparagus and squash) were seasoned just right. Not too heavy but perfect on a warm summer night. 
In addition to the most delicious cacio pepe I've EVER had, we also split the pillowy gnocchi with brown butter and sweet, sticky figs. Another stellar dish, worthy alone of a return visit. WOW!!! 
No room for dessert but if you're craving a little light something, John's Water Ice is just down the street. Split a lemon! 
Service was wonderful. 
The meal was excellent. 
The vibes were cool. 
Marc Vetri, it's another winner. 
The meany is small & chafes daily, but the cacio pepe is a staple, and I cannot imagine going wrong here with anything!!
We left wanting to bring our whole family back and couldn't stop raving!!!
Perfecto!!Meh. I'll start out with the fact that our waiter was poor. Not knowledgeable about the wine selection, didn't have full knowledge of the menu and had zero enthusiasm for his shift. What a disappointment to what was my partners birthday dinner. An iPad menu would have been better.
Now the food: PECORINO SFORMATO W/ FAVAS was the best thing we ate followed by KAMPACHI CRUDO. The TONNARELLI CACIO E PEPE came out so salty we sent it back and a new one was made. And the SPAGHETTI ALLA CHITARRA, which was the only dish the server seemed slightly upbeat about was nothing more than expensive scampi. That dish did disappoint.
In closing, I mentioned during reservations that we were celebrating a birthday and not one person wished my partner a happy birthday. A little kindness would have gone a long way.
While full, this wouldn't be a quick return trip. You and your staff can do better Marc.We knew we were going to go to Fiorella this weekend and made the journey on Sunday.  Wasn't sure if there would be crazy lines, especially since it was a nice day out.  We got to the city with relative ease, found parking, and waited for the wait list.  We were first in line, but around 3:10 there was five people.  By 3:30 when the staff came out to set us up on the list, there were enough people to completely book the first seating.  Around 3:55, someone who put their name in told us they were getting the 6:15 third seating.  At 4:00 everyone in the first seating had their texts that they were ready.  The staff came back out to all of us and took us in one group at a time.  
When we were seated, we were at the end of the bar, seats 1 and 2.  Instantly, we were provided water and our cocktail orders were in.  Within minutes, our order was taken, our meal prepped and we received three dishes before anyone else received one.  I'd say within ten minutes we had all five dishes we ordered.  First, our appetizer of fried calamari in a saor sauce.  I don't even think I saw them make this, it was just like at our table while I was still taking everything in.  A few bites of this very good dish and our Ricotta Gnocchi with fried leeks and chicken liver Caramelle with apples were in front of us.  We wanted the Caramelle a lot and that is why we wanted to be among the first, because there were only twenty orders for the evening.  Both bites were fantastic and some bread was brought out to mop up the brown butter sauce.  A few tables next to us were served, but in almost no time, our Fazzoletto with a basil/almond pesto and the dish I wanted the most, Tonnarelli Cacio e Pepe were garnished and placed at our spots.  I loved the bites of the handkerchief Fazzoletto.  Oh, no knives, but I wouldn't have used one anyways...   I used my ford to cut nice thick slices of the Fazzoletto.  The Cacio e Pepe was everything I wanted.  Cheese and pepper...   A generous amount of Parmesean, black pepper cracked...  Just perfection on a plate.  
I love getting some of the best pasta I've ever had, without tomato sauces.  Just great takes on pastas that I've never seen before.  The Caramelle really looked like those double twist candies.  Salt water taffys.  The technique is amazing and clearly worth the price just for the amount of work that went into this.  They said they recommend three pastas and two appetizers for couples.  We did go with five dishes, so the portions are small...  We left not feeling overly stuffed either, but so glad we went.  If you can appreciate what Fiorella is trying to do, then it's completely worth it.  
We'll be back.  For the earliest seating?  I don't know...  I fear this could become the old Pizzeria Beddia, where you have to wait in line forever to get your 9:30 pizza.  It's worth it for the experience though...  We'll try to come back.  We'll see how this evolves.  I'd love to try more items there.  I'd love to eat at a later time, but knowing my wife, we'd want those specialty items that might run out.  Such a fantastic experience though.  I love ordering, getting that much food, and being out the door in about forty-five minutes.  Probably won't have this experience again, but I recommend it to others.I recently had my first ever experience at Fiorella and it was incredible! Although they only had outside dining available and limited seating, they have a really nice outdoor setup that doesn't take away from the experience. I would recommend getting a reservation ahead of time.  The food was delicious, drinks were yummy and the staff was very attentive and great at providing recommendations.We had a late afternoon dinner here yesterday and it was excellent.    Pasta dishes are delicious.   Great wine choices.      Excellent wait staff.So five stars for food, 4.5 for overall. The food here is mind blowing food yet simple and authentic. I loved the vibe here and would come back in a heartbeat. I docked half a star because I felt the portions for the price was really small. I didn't leave hungry, but was definitely hungry an hour later and for an entree and a dessert at a $30-$40pp price point I wish I got just a bit more. 
On the weekends they open at 4pm so I went around 3:30pm to put our names down. There were already around 20 or so people when I got their so our time slot was about 4:30-4:45. I don't know if things will ever die down, so definitely plan to come early or go really late. 
We were seated around 5pm-ish and everyone was so friendly and personable from the hostess, the waiters, to the chefs. 
For food we got the tonnarelli cacio e pepe and the fazzoletto with almond & basil pesto. All the pastas were in the $17-$22 range. 
Such a classic, the cacio e pepe was luxuriously creamy with a strong pepper. The fazzoletto with pesto was also another amazing one. The almond pesto hugged the pasta perfectly. The pasta texture for both was simply amazing - felt tender but still had chew. 
Finally the dessert is a must have. The graham cracker panna cotta is an innovation in its own. Studded to chocolate shards and torched marshmallow, the different textures simple meld together in a symphony of flavors. 
Anyway, I would come back in a heart beat, but maybe next time order an appetizer or a second pasta to fill my tummy a little bit more. I definitely also want to come back and try the cocktails as the drink menu looks spectacular. But that would probably put me at a $60 dinner which is something to consider.YUMMM. So good. Just go. 
We arrived around 4:30 and were told we would be seated around 8:30. Perfect. They text you when your table is ready. 100% worth the 4 hour wait.UNREAL dining experience!! the quality of pasta is unlike anything I've had in Philly. We tried the gnocchi, almond tortellini, and sausage ragu. The outdoor dining was actually pretty cute and felt intentional, not like you're just plopped on the side of the road. The drinks were fantastic, I definitely want to try the pasta water martini next time! Can't wait to return.The whole dining experience (during covid) was amazing! We had a reservation and got there about 5 min before it and were seated promptly at a nice two top table with an umbrella over us blocking the sun. We ordered a bottle of red wine (sort of like the house wine) which was really good! We then ordered way too much food for two people. We ordered the ricotta bruschetta with summer vegetables and the fried mozzarella for appetizers. The bruschetta was amazing.. highly recommend! For entrees we ordered the rigatoni with sausage (my boyfriends favorite), cacao e pipe, gnocchi in butter sauce with corn, and the tagliolini pomodoro with stracciatella. The last dish was my favorite and was so delicious even though I don't entirely know what it was. The stracciatella is a cheese on top sort of like a strongly ricotta or burrata, and the lasta was very thin in a tomato based sauce that had a hint of lemon. It also had fresh tomatoes in the sauce. So good! Great service and ambience and we would definitely return to Fiorella on our next occasion!Last night we caught a last minute outdoor reservation and wanted to say we really enjoyed our meal and we had a great waitress who was very nice and friendly plus the house made pasta is very good  we would definitely recommendI paid the $40 dollars to make a reservation, a few days in advance I wanted to change the time but was unable to do so without losing the deposit, so upfront I got the vibe they were not the most accommodating but that's fine. What's not fine is sitting next to the chef in the open kitchen indoor dining space who had his mask pulled under his chin the entire time I stayed. The food probably is delicious, I don't know, I left before ordering. They should be shut down for failing to adhere to the city's safety measures. The chef clearly didn't care how it would make others feel and was pretty nervy to think he didn't need to wear it. I'll admit occasionally he pulled it up and rested it under his nose...seriously, come on. He stood over the food talking to servers with him mask on his chin and no one on the waitstaff seemed to comment on it. Makes me think it's a regular occurrence. These people need to get over themselves.Wow! Came here last night and was super impressed. It's hard not to be happy about great pasta walking distance from your apartment. 
The menu here is perfectly small, and completely focused around the main pasta courses. I went with a group of 4 and we ended up ordering 2 antipasti, 5 pasta courses, and 2 desserts which was the perfect amount, but if you're extra hungry ordering one of everything on the menu for a group of 4+ wouldn't be outrageous. 
Drinks - I had the "Plum Jawn" and a glass of Lambrusco. The Plum Jawn was great, way less sweeter than I anticipate which was a happy surprise. The Lambrusco was also a solid choice, it comes in a can and if you really like it you can get the same brand at either Wine Dive on South Street or the Di Bruno bottle shop in the Italian Market. 
Antipasti - We got the Artic Char Crudo & Mozzarella in Carrozza. Both were pretty good and the perfect amount that we weren't full already going into the main courses. 
Pastas - We ordered the Rigatoni, Cacio e Pepe, Ricotta Gnocchi, Beef Ragu & Lobster Stuffed Conchiglie. I'd probably skip the Lobster Conchiglie next time, not because it was bad but was definitely overshown by everything else on the menu. I'd say the Rigatoni & Ricotta Gnocchi are must orders. 
Overall an awesome no-frills pasta spot with a solid outdoor dining set up!Ate dinner at Fiorella for a 2nd time, and this time I made sure that we were seated outside, where the food expeditor can't see us. This time around, we had a much, much, muuuuuuch improved experience.
Prior to our arrival, I had to make a modification on my online reservation, so I reached out via email. The person who I corresponded with was very accommodating and helped made the adjustment for me via Tock. We only had to push dinner back by 30 minutes.
Everything from the fried mozzarella, crudo, pastas, and desserts was delicious as usual, and service was excellent. This time around, food took a lot longer to come out. It didn't bother us much, as we were enjoying good wine and good company.
The manager came out to our table and was incredibly apologetic. He offered us some delicious Fiano to pair with our scallop crudo, which we appreciated.  He also threw in a pasta dish for us to share -- the ricotta gnocchi w/ crispy leeks, which was like eating a soft pillow of ricotta. I was a little hesitant to eat it at first, because I just don't like gnocchi, but this was the BEST gnocchi I've ever had. If it is on the menu the next time I'm here, I will order it again.
Fiorella has more than redeemed themselves in my book.Got there early (before 5) and was already a line forming outside. By around 4:40 they came out to take everyone's name and number to call when seats were ready. Currently around 12 seats
Inside of the restaurant is beautiful, lots of history from the old sausage shop and new items like the chandelier.
Couldnt decide between a few pastas so ordered 3 of them, Gnocci, Raschiatelli & Fazzoletti. All 3 were unique and amazing, could definitely taste how fresh they were. Food comes out very fast and getting to watch the open kitchen and staff interaction is an experience. Definitely will be back soon as the menu changes nightlyPaccheri is the best pasta I ever had. As for drink, the spritz is very good. Definitely come back to try other pasta dishesWow - this place was amazing! Fiorella has been on our list ever since we read about Marc Vetri opening a pasta bar. We don't eat pasta too often and are always excited to try homemade dishes. This completely met and exceeded our expectations. Our food was fairly warm after we picked it up during COVID. It was ready within 30 mins and the prices were reasonable for the quality. Will definitely be going back for pasta cravings - even the tuna crudo and blueberry dessert were delicious!Ummmm...yeah. All the 5-star ratings are true 5-star ratings. I've been here about 4 different times now in the course of a year and a half, and each visit exceeds the prior. I wish I could eat here every weekend.Food was ok, but their outdoor eating area is starting to look pretty dilapidated. They also had an issue charging my card so my friend paid. They assured me the pending charge would disappear. Lo and behold, the charge went through so they effectively double-billed. Planning on calling today to fix this and I'm sure they'll oblige but still.
Update: Called and the restaurant denied the charge ever went through. Credit card company confirmed it did and the restaurant received payment sooo... What a way to run a business.Fiorella was a great first spot to dine out in the new year! They have outdoor igloos and tents with space heaters and they allow dogs! 
The dishes are shareable and come out as they are prepared. Our server recommended 2 antipasti and 3 pasta dishes for 2 people which ended up being the perfect amount. Everything was delicious, but the fried mozzarella and sweet potato cappelletti were the stand out items for me. I will most certainly return when I'm craving good pasta! 
Chicory salad- Caesar salad with chicory instead of lettuce 
Mozzarella in carrozza- basically a delicately fried mozzarella stick served with tomato sauce 
Cacio y Pepe- tried and true
Fettuccine in mushroom ragu- tasted like a stroganoff and the mushrooms were huge making them easy to pick out if you're not a fan. 
Sweet potato cappelletti with granola and Gorgonzola- the perfect mixture of sweet and savory with a nice crunch from the granola and served atop a brown butter sauce. I wished I had bread to clean the plate dry! 
Graham cracker panna cotta- silky smooth with a pleasant graham cracker after taste. Served with toasted marshmallows and shaved chocolate.4.5 stars. The pastas are heavenly. We had cacio e pepe, rigatoni, and the sopressini with mussels. Pastas were served with delicious focaccia.
We ate greedily, finished all 3 pastas between the two of us. All were perfectly al dente, incredible flavor and definitely rich. The sopressini was the least filling, it was more like a work of art. 
Service was excellent. Ambience outside and inside was elegant.
Dinging them half a star because the bombolini dessert was dry and a little disappointing. However I'd definitely go back and try the other pastas!!Every pasta was absolutely amazing. Highly recommend the cappelletti, gnocchi and cacio e PepeAn experience. The food and service were out of this world. Certainly the best meal I have had in my 34-years of life. I cannot recommend this place enough. Clean, fresh flavors.. my mouth is watering just thinking about it. You will not be disappointed. It wouldn't be possible. A+++++The best pasta you will EVER have. We were blown away. Do not hesitate and book your reservation here. You won't regret it.This place is amazing and rightfully so. Vetri has knocked it out of the park with this restaurant. It's a small space and requires a reservation, but you get to see the food made right in front of you. My friend and I shared two dishes.  The rigatoni is a must - most the dishes are smaller, but this one is flavorful, tasty, and much more filling. The ricotta gnocchi is to die for. It is so creamy, and melts in your mouth, but only has a few pieces. You HAVE to get this. Coupled with a cocktail or two - and you have an incredible night here. It is busy though, so expect a little bit of a wait, but it is totally worth the dining experience here. It is a great addition to the neighborhood.Lived up to the hype. Every dish was fuego but a must have IMHO is the Beef Ragú that's been in the family for 100+ years. Pasta was so fresh and the sauce wasn't too crazy. We got 3 pasta dishes and 1 anti pasta for 2 plus dessert and were fat and happy with ragu leftovers. 
Only thing that wasn't great were the cocktails. Pretty bland - I got the mezcal one and my partner got the cranberry vodka cocktail. Both were meh. Stick with the wine.I went in for opening night on 2/13/2020. Even on the first night they had a well run set up and told us we would get a text in 2 hours for our seats. We got called early and when we arrived the hostess recognized us and welcomed us in! The team has done a great job beautifying the space. The service was friendly and quick and the food was incredible. We had poached artichokes with stracciatella, gnocchi with fried leeks, rigatoni with Fiorella sausage ragu, and fazzoletto with basil and almond pesto. I wish we could have tried everything! A graham cracker panna cotta was the perfect ending for our meal. It was great to see our dishes being cooked as we ordered them and we were in and out in under an hour.
We will miss Fiorella's Sausage but the restaurant is a great tribute to the original butcher and his business. Bravo!Been wanting to try this place since prior to covid and finally got around to it. We sat outside and they have a bunch of little tables set up which is really nice. Didn't go inside at all so not sure what the feel is but I'm sure its cute inside! Service was really great, everyone was very nice and helpful.
If you're not into pasta (which who isn't??) then this is not the place for you. All the entrees are pasta dishes. We tried the pork ribs with peach agrodolce for our appetizer and it was pretty good. I usually like things to be really saucy but I almost felt like it was too saucy? Overpowered the little meat that was around the bones. Otherwise the taste of the sauce was really good.
Now on to the main stars. The cacio e pepe is A MUST. It was by far my favorite pasta dish and it was cooked incredibly well. Makes sense why all the wait staff wear shirts paying tribute to the signature dish. If you don't order this dish then you got to go back. We got the tagliolini dish on the house which was really nice and unexpected. Also cooked very well in a light tomato-y sauce. The ricotta gnocchi to me was something I wasn't expecting. They do not look like traditional gnocchi and the inside is filled with a soft ricotta. To me they were almost like ricotta dumplings but that said they were still very good.
When it was our turn for dessert unfortunately the plum clafoutis was sold out. So we settled for the sweet cream gelato and it was not a disappointment whatsoever.
Wonderful meal. If you're in the mood for carbs and pasta, this is your spot!Perhaps the only " good " thing about covid is now Fiorella is taking reservations. We sat outside under the tent and had a phenomenal meal of fresh pastas! I have a high standard for fresh pasta/Italian food since it is what we eat at home all of the time. We ordered 5/6 pastas and the two desserts. All of the pastas were excellent. 10/10 stars. I loved the unique idea of using granola on the sweet potato/Gorgonzola pasta, delicious with just the right amount of Gorgonzola. Cacio e pepi was excellent, and I think I'll add that to my fresh pasta rotation at home. If you haven't gone here yet, what are you waiting for?! They also are doing takeout now. So excited Vetri opened this place. We'll be back plenty of times in the future.I've been wanting to come here since this place opened. We decided to give it a try and went on Sunday March 8th. I was paranoid that there was going to be a long line so we got there super early, we were the first ones in line at 2:45. About 20-30 minutes later the line started building. We put in our names in at 3:30, walked around the block for a little bit and came back at 4:00 as we had the first seating. 
We sat in the first seats at the end of the table. They were great seats as you can see the chefs cooking , and we got our food first before anyone else. Everything came out really fast. We had like 5 plates on our table all at once lol, but we made it fit. 
The calamari was very crispy and had soar. It tasted like pickled onions and gave it a nice tang. We got the chicken liver caramelle pastas. These were very good and one of my favorites. They were cute little pastas and looked like salt water taffy candies from the outside. Had a nice brown butter sauce on it. My favorite dish was the gnocchis- they were really soft and melted in your mouth and had the brown butter sauce as well- I love brown butter sauce haha. 
The cacio e Pepe and the fazzoletto were  slightly on the salty side, but was still very good. I love the rich cheesy taste of the cacio e Pepe. I really liked the handkerchief fazzoletto pasta, but would like to try a different sauce other than pesto next time. For dessert we got the graham cracker panna cotta, it was light and a great finish to the meal. 
We really enjoyed our meal here and already want to come back when they add new items. My husband wants to try the rigatoni with sausage next time, we thought it would always be there so didn't get it this time. I'm really glad we went when we did. We went the weekend right before everything got shutdown from coronavirus, I would have been upset if I missed it and had to wait.Unfortunately the food was bad. Overpriced and nothing special. Staff was very nice though.I would have liked to give this a 4.5 and definitely has the potential to be a 5.  The high point of the meal for me was the mozzarella in carrozza, which was like a very fancy mozzarella stick and was delightful.  The malafadine pesto was the stronger of the two pastas we ordered, it was light , bright, and flavorful.  The spaghetti with rock shrimp was also tasty with the shrimp in particular standing out, but we found the sauce a bit salty.  Dessert was good but the balance between the waffle and the large amount of budino was a bit off.   While our server was knowledgeable, service was too fast with our pasta arriving at the table before we finished our apps and made for a less pleasurable dining experience.After waiting months to dine-in in philly, we came here after much anticipation. We were greeted nonchalantly by a hostess who came off as distant and not welcoming at all. After being seated we were greeted by a waitress (more of a junior-bartender perhaps, she spent 99% of her time behind the bar and a thin plexiglass partition SLOWLY making drinks) she took our orders while speaking as if she was in a library. She brought our drinks and took our food order and we didn't hear from her again until we had to order a second portion of the tagliolini which she failed to mention was the portion size meant for a toddler. Again we were not checked on until I had to grab her attention for a check. All in all: food was decent, BUT portion sizes were inconsistent (cacio e pepe was triple the size of the tagliolini), wait staff INDOORS was lacking attentiveness, especially as it appeared in comparison with outdoor service. I COULD HAVE JUST ORDERED FROM CAVIAR!!! It would have been a better experience. Side note: came to 12 steps down- a bar next door and were immediately greeted and given superior service. Do not waste your time or money!!! Ps. I NEVER write yelp reviews, so this should be a testament!!! Marc Vetri needs to step up his game!!!!!!!!I have never eaten at Fiorella's.  I did order some make-at-home take out during the pandemic. It was great.  Fresh pasta made by hand is a different animal than the stuff you get in grocery stores.  Really enjoyed every bite.I read so many great reviews about Fiorella so I had to give it a try.  I ordered the Tonnarelli Cacio e Pepe ($18) and Rigatoni With Fiorella Sausage Ragú ($20).  They were both solid pasta dishes but I expected them to be phenomenal based on the rave reviews.  The Rigatoni dishes lacked sauce, there was barely any of that delicious sauce so it was more like dry pasta with sausage.  The cacio e pepe was good and peppery.  Perhaps I ordered to go that I didn't get the same experience as eating it fresh at the restaurant.  Also, the value for the money wasn't great.  As expected, small portion sizes for very standard pasta dishes.  I think I may have had higher expectations because it was Vetri restaurant as well.tl;dr the little brother to the acclaimed Vetri Cucina, this Italian Market spot delivers big on inventive Italian classics 
COVID has downplayed the rollout of Marc Vetri's more-casual pasta joint. It wasn't until I arrived home later that night that I discovered that pre-COVID Yelp reviewers had waited up to 4 hours to snag a table.
Meanwhile, on a whim at 5:30PM on a weekday, my partner and I decided to swing by for a power dinner, and immediately were able to snipe a table. With a wide strip of sidewalk and an array of table-umbrellas duos, Fiorella is well-equipped for relaxing outdoor dining amid the pandemic. The outdoor ambiance is rounded out by ceramic tabletops and golden cutlery.
We opted for the Tuna Crudo with Lemon & Whey, the Rigatoni with Fiorella Sausage Ragu, and the Ricotta Gnocchi with Figs. On top of that, our server informed us mid-meal that the chef had accidentally prepared an extra order of the Mozzarella in Carrozza with Tomato, and asked if we would like to enjoy it, on the house. Um--yes, please! The crudo sported touch of spice and a unique milkiness in its nicely acidic marinade, the perfect cool appetizer for a hot day. The mozzarella was coated and fried tempura-style; while I found the cheese itself somewhat dry, I love the sweetness and acidity of the tomato sauce. If you are reading reviews, you are clearly doing your due diligence beforehand, but it's worth repeating-- the pasta plates are where Fiorella shines. The al dente rigatoni and rich ragu brought me back to homemade dinners. Meanwhile, the gnocchi was mouth-wateringly rich and cheesy, accented by a hint of cinnamon and sweet bites of fig slices -- my only complaint is that I wanted more!
At just over $60 for 2, this light dinner perfectly suited a balmy Philly summer evening. By the time we prepared to leave, a queue had begun to form for the tables. While I can't speak to whether it's 4-hour-wait good, I am certainly adding Fiorella to my repertoire of go-to Philly Italian cuisine.The best experience sitting at the bar as we got to watch the enthusiastic cooks make our dishes come to life. The mafaldine was a special the night we went and it was the highlight of the night though everything was wonderful. We can't wait to go back and enjoy the great ambience, food and service!Simply extraordinary. The ricotta gnocchi with fried leeks? Seriously. I'm not a huge pasta person but I would happily eat here every day. Actually, I would move in if they let me.The pastas are AMAZING! My favorites were the ragú and the cacio de Pepe. The menu changes so don't be surprised if some of the seasonal pastas are not there. The beef tongue app was also delicious. I went here on a first date and the food was better than the date unfortunately.