Stopped here with a friend for a late afternoon lunch or early evening dinner at this restaurant (I had to use the groupon). It is conveniently located in the old city. The food was average and our waitress was new. The appetizers which we got were ridiculously small portions. You get a free yuengling with yelp check in. As it is free, the beer was warm. I wouldn't try this restaurant again without a groupon.When visiting the water had a strange and unusual taste and when the meal was served all four Pad Thai and both Chicken Ginger meals were cold. Upon attempting to use the lavatory, one of our party was told that the facilities were used for "paying customers", when she had walked from the table at the front. The manager had to re-direct him. I don't know what else to say- our group of ten was not pleased.Awful, awful service.  Oddly proportioned plates, overpriced food, seemed like nobody there really gave a damn either.
Went here Saturday night, around 5pm.  There was one other two top there when we arrived.  After we were seated, another group came in and sat near the bar.  That was it, so it wasn't as if the place was busy.  I asked our server if there was a drink menu.  He went and got one from the bar, but it didn't list the beer selection.  When I asked him what beers were on tap, he went to go ask the bartender, instead of, you know, looking at the taps.  He came back, said "I'm a retard" and told me what was on tap.  All 3 beers.  Seriously?  You're a server and you can't remember 3 beers?  And calling your self a "retard", real classy.
We had a groupon deal, 2 soups/salads, 2 entrees, 1 vegetable and 1 dessert.  I ordered the shaky beef salad to start, and the salted prawns for my entree.  My companion ordered the coconut soup and the keng phet.  After about 10 minutes, our server comes by and assures us everything will be out soon.  He comes by after another 10 minutes and brings my salad and my entree together.  He says the rest will be right out.  I'm a bit puzzled as to why he brought out an entree along with an appetizer, but at this point he sort of disappears for a while.  After another 10 minutes, we flag down a different server and ask to speak with a manager.  
We inform the manager that we've been waiting half an hour for a soup.  I also inquire as to whether the salted prawns were indeed an entree, which she confirmed.  She apologizes and goes off to the kitchen to check on our food.  Another 10 minutes or so goes by before our server finally reappears with the soup, saying there was a mix-up in the kitchen, then later the keng phet.  I remind our server about the braised bamboo we also ordered.  The chef even comes out to apologize for the aforementioned but never clarified "mix-up in the kitchen".  Never mind the fact that because my entree came out with my appetizer it would be stone cold by the time I got around to eating it.  The salted prawn "entree" I ordered comprised of a bed of shredded lettuce with two prawns resting on top.  Yes, that's right, $15 for TWO PRAWNS.  In an ENTREE.  The juxtaposition of my little plate of two prawns with the huge plate of braised bamboo ($6, by the way) was nothing if not sadly comedic.  SMH.  The manager, by the way, never returns to check on us to make sure our issues were resolved.
I asked our server about the dessert selection.  He rattles off three options, and I ask if there are more, or if that's it, and he says there's a dessert menu and do I want to see it.  Duh.  He comes back with the menu, 4 options listed, one of them already crossed off and he says they do not have the pot du creme.  He mentions there's a "banana split", which is not on the menu.  We order it, and it is a banana filled crepe with a scoop of ice cream on top.  It was good, but it's not what you'd expect when ordering a "banana split".  The server should have known to tell us that, especially when its not on the menu.
Best part of the meal?  The $4 Yards.  Would NEVER return here.  This place really needs to get its act together or just close.  The food was average, but not worth the money, and the service was so terrible that I would give this place zero stars if I could.I only ordered beer so I don't know if their mixed drinks are worth the pricey charge. I had a few different appetizers and though they were good but I wasn't overly impressed by the menu overall.  Spinach artichoke dip was really good and the white bean hummus dip was very tasty. The white mac and cheese was my favorite thing I tried.  
Their staff had great speedy service. Well, I should say the majority of their staff. There was one girl who clearly did not look happy to work there and she was super rude when she was trying to walk past myself and other customers near the bar. When you work in a bar you should at least pretend to be happy to be there to give good vibes to your clientele. 
Awkward is the best word to describe this place. It wants to be a hip chic club but it didn't exactly deliver on that vision when I was there. The set up is a little strange because of the architect of the place. When you walk in the front door it leads you to a hostess station and then into another door where the first bar is. It's so narrow I felt like I was in a bar on a subway car. Then, the next room in the back is where the real party is. It's pretty spacious and has room for a dance floor. The back lounge area is where my friends and I hung out on cozy leather sofas.Fire & Ice sets the mood with dim blue and red lighting along lofty slate ceilings which function to amplify the DJ's well-selected beats from the 00's and the 0-now's. 
The entrance greets you with 6-ft columns of fire which lead to a spacious bar and dining area.  The back dance hall hosts another long bar, spacious dance floor, and and a mezzanine lounge for more intimate gatherings.  
The staff was on point.  My wait time at the bar was always less than 30 sec.
Fire & Ice, I will definitely be returning for more.I would gladly and freely give this place 0 stars if I could. We had a fairly sized party and were given a table without any issues. However...10 minutes pass...20 minutes...30 minutes...45! minutes pass and STILL no food/drink? 
Not like we ordered only entrees and they were making sure the dishes were to perfection...we had gotten some drinks too and nothing. Waiter avoided our table and when asked kept falsely reassuring us that food was to come.
When asked where is the manager...we got vague answers...
In short...DO NOT GO HERE.
Much better thai/asian in the city than this dump.
Will never return.
Thank you.Let me start this review off by saying, this is a PRIME example of how good service and restaurant management can save a potentially 1 STAR review to a 4 STAR review.
Secondly, if it wasn't for a minor mishap -- this restaurant is all 5 stars to me. 
So my bf and I arrived with our $30.40 groupon in hand . 2 soups OR salads + 2 entrees + 1 dessert and vegetable to share. 
Okay, let me just say that the FOOD IS AMAZING. I've been to Thailand, Cambodia and other parts of SE Asia and I know the food. I love that it was AUTHENTIC not Americanized. All the spices were as they should be, mmm kaffir lime, lemon grass, etc. Loved it. I need to say it again. THE FOOD IS AMAZING. Chef Chris, I'll be back to visit.
- Tom Yum : was a little sour for personal preference but it was very good. Rice stick noodles are a little diff than what I'm used to traditionally though -- but it was fine. Portions were really good too
The mishap was that.. there were 2 strands of hair in 2 different dishes (different hair color and length too) and both were my boyfriend's starter and our vegetable to share back to back :( I almost didn't want to say anything, but thought I had to. They were totally apologetic, gave us a free dessert and replaced the vegetable stew that had a hair in this.
I really don't want this to deter anyone from trying out this restaurant because IT IS AMAZING. The food is ON POINT. Like honestly, they would have been 5 stars otherwise.
- Beef sirloin pad see ew -- so good. The portions were great. The noodles were cooked perfectly, a great amount of spice to it, and tastes as it should. 
- Bamboo stew with lemongrass - this was so freaking good I can't even start. I could pour that shit all over the rice and eat it all day. This tastes like home-made I can close my eyes, and I'm in Thailand. 
-  chocolate molten lava cake need I say more? melty and delicious
SERVICE: 5 fucking stars. 5!!! Amazing
I should have gotten his name. But he was a bald caucasian gentleman. So nice, but not overly fake or anything like that. Just very friendly, always on top of his game, asking us how things are. He has the best personality for being a server. And he was so aplogetic about the hair in our food. Honestly, here are the take-away points
MAIN POINTS:
FOOD IS AMAZING. To management: keep Chef Chris -- you guys can really get somewhere with his food. KEEP THAT SERVER I HAD. he was amazing. And keep doing what you're doing -- you guys have great potential
If there's no hair in my food next time.. 5 stars ;)Just read all the bad reviews and I feel for the folks but I can just go by what I've experienced so here...
Like many others, I came here because of Groupon. It seems like a pretty good deal and at the time I did check Yelp and they had a four-star rating, so I thought it'd be good for me to try it out.
It's a relatively new place, they opened in December and business hasn't quite picked up so I think doing Groupon was a smart move. I mean tourist business is nice but you need a bunch of local to sustain a business. If it wasn't for Groupon, I don't think I would ever step into this place. 
It's very lounge-y, dim with pale blue lights. Is that the new decorating scheme that every bar/lounge/restaurants are adopting now? We were led inside to a table right next to the DJ booth and then they made a nice gesture of re-seating us to a quieter area next to the bar. The noise level isn't much of a difference but the gesture is nice nonetheless. 
Our server was very nice, he explained everything we can get with our Groupon in detail. We were also told that their happy hour was extended to midnight. We ordered the charred beef sirloin and the shaky beef for starters and also ordered an extra crispy boneless wings in addition to our Groupon deal for starters. Just these 3 are a lot of food. The beef dish they prepared contained beef but it's all diced up or minced up and the amount is not a whole lot. The charred beef sirloin is minced beef with mint and basil on top of some rice. Shaky beef is more like a stir fried dish with half a hard boiled egg on top with bell pepper, onion and watercress. It's better portioned and better composed if they can hold off on the amount of soy sauce, it could be the better dish. The crispy boneless wings are meat and crispy, the butter honey sauce lacks umph but it's generally pleasant.
I ordered Shrimp Pad Thai, since I saw a sign outside that boasts it as Best Pad Thai even though I don't know if they meant in the world, in Philly or in their store. My friend got the Pad See Ewe. They brought me Chicken Pad Thai instead, I pointed it out and the server was very apologetic but we didn't get anything for free so I guess he's really not that sorry. As Pad Thai goes it is pretty good. I mean the chicken were tough and dry but the dish itself is good. The Pad See Ewe is a little lack luster. We shared a "Dirty Banana" dessert in a crepe, nothing really dirty about it, the bananas are sauteed or flambeed in side the crepe with a luscious kahlua caramel sauce and a scoop of vanilla. It's enjoyable.
Will I come back? I don't know. I'm not a big fan of dining in a noisy bar/club setting. While the food is good, I'm not too sure I would be willing to pay full price since it didn't really wow me. And I don't really get the concept of the place. Fire and Ice? If I were to call my restaurant fire and ice, I would have serve sashimi or some dessert on top of a plate of dry ice, or have sparklers on top of my steak. Serve drinks made with Curacao or decorate my place with fake torches, hire fire dancers... etc. Something memorable to give people an experience. This place is a bit generic but I didn't hate it.While normally a place like Fire and Ice isn't my scene, I had a blast when I went this week. The food was delicious. The decor of the establishment was very trendy with plush seats and fun lighting. Drinks were plentiful and the music was great. Two thumbs up for their homemade chips!Let me explain upfront: I'm not really a club person. I generally find them silly and pretentious. That said, I still had a really good time at the Yelp party hosted by Fire & Ice. The food was surprisingly tasty and varied. Some of the culinary highlights included: white bean hummus (forget chickpeas; I love this stuff!); fresh salad tossed to order; and banana flambé (bananas were pan-fried on the spot and poured over vanilla ice cream). It's quite spacious -- a long narrow bar when you first enter, followed by a larger room with bar and dance floor, and a smaller second level that looks out onto the dance floor -- with plenty of comfy cushioned seats lining the walls. The "ice" theme seems to be more prominent than the "fire" in the interior decorating. For example, you can rest your drink on these plastic tables/stools that look like giant, glowing ice-cubes. I guess it's harder to do artificial fire! In sum: As a non-club person, I probably won't be back. But for all you club people, you should definitely check Fire and Ice out!I'm not really a night club type person, but if I were, this is where I'd go.
The food was actually very good. I LOVED the short ribs. And service was friendly. The chef even came out to meet us and was very nice and excited we were enjoying the food.
The place is way bigger than I originally thought, too. It goes really far back and the back end has an upstairs lounge type area which I definitely enjoyed. 
I'd come back again if I wanted to go dancing with the girls!When visiting Philly we walked by this place and the host stopped us on the street and told us this place had the best pad Thai in town.  We made a reservation right then.  The host was amazing the entire night.  He took better care of us than the waitress who only came by one time the entire meal.  Unfortunately being a big Thai lover, I have to say the pad Thai was completely bland, the chicken and the tofu. It had  almost no taste and the taste it had didn't resemble Thai food.  The noodles were not the traditional Thai noodles.  Chunky carrots...etc.  The atmosphere was more like a club.  The music was blasting, the lights were very low in some spots and for some reason we were told we could only get happy hour prices on the appetizers if we sat at the bar.  So we had to sit at the bar for the appetizer, pay the bill there, then move to a table to eat dinner and pay a separate bill there.  Weird.  The place was huge dark and empty during our 6pm reservation on a Saturday night.  The prices are cheap but you get what you pay for.  Skip this place.I was invited to Fire and Ice to try their new menu created by Chef Chris Nguyen. Driving by to find the restaurant I saw a neon blue sign. My first thought was that it was surely a club with the same name not the restaurant I was searching for. My second thought was that I was going to eat bad bar food. By the end of the night, I had learned an important lesson: never judge a restaurant by it's kitsch decor.
The friendly host at the front of the restaurant greeted us and walked us to our table lining against the cushioned white wall shining with dim blue lights across from the long bar. Loud hip hop music bumped through the cushioned walls and we learned that there was a private party in the back lounge area. The ambiance was definitely that of a club, and I've never dined in a club before. We were reassured by our server that it was a lounge and not a club, although I'm not sure how to differentiate between the two. The neon blue lights definitely gave it a club feel.
Our server was attentive and knowledgeable and really went out of his way to accommodate us. Shortly after our drinks were served, the Chef himself came out to tell us about the cuisine and his new menu which is his version of Asian comfort food that he grew up on. He was a very passionate man who through the new menu has implemented a fusion of Thai, Korean, Vietnamese and other Asian flavors. The result: delicious, innovative and unique.
I was really surprised at how good everything tasted. Every single dish we ordered was perfect and you could see the passion that was put into it. Others who were invited had the same prejudice only to be pleasantly shocked by the dining experience. However, in the end there is a steep contrast between the food served and the decor and ambiance of the restaurant/bar/lounge. Perhaps it compliments the theme of the restaurant, 'fire' and 'ice'. The contrast between amazing cuisine, served in a neon blue disco setting. We questioned the motives of this amazing chef working here because it was quite evident that the clientele could not appreciate the menu prepared.  I won't be surprised to hear that he opened his own Asian restaurant in the future, because, Yes- he is that good!
The Food: 
We ordered a little bit of everything including the tom yum soup (Rice noodles and a spiced lemongrass broth), the Shaky Beef (wok seared sirloin, wilted watercress, pickled onions, peppered vinaigrette), Kim Chi Trilogy (cabbage with ginger, marinated crisp tofu and spicy radishes), char-grilled chicken satay served with spiced peanut sauce and a turmeric fried rice, the Char Sui Pork Loin (a deconstructed barbecue pork bun), Kal Bi lettuce wraps, pad Thai and phad kee mao (egg noodles, egg, julienne vegetables, red curry and chicken).
The tom yum soup was very authentic and tasted like many I had in Thailand- spicy yet simple.
The Shaky Beef was the chef's take on the Vietnamese Bo Luc Lac, chopped steak served with watercress with the addition of fries an egg.
I love kimchi and loved the Kim Chi Trilogy starter dish. The Chef pickles his own kimchi and and has created a lovely small dish as a result.  The chargrilled chicken satay reminded me of an Indonesian dish I had not so long ago. Generous portions of grilled chicken were served alongside a tasty turmeric fried rice and peanut sauce.  The winner had to be the Char Sui Pork Loin, a deconstructed pork bun which was so rich in flavors that we both wanted more (although we resisted the temptation).  Kal Bi lettuce wraps was the chef's version of the Korean Kal Bi. I loved his rendition of this dish.
The shrimp pad Thai was one of the tastiest we've had to date. It was very well prepared and was completely authentic and close to those we tasted on the streets and restaurants of Thailand.
We also really enjoyed the  phad kee mao which was egg noodles mixed with red curry, chicken and vegetables. Hints of spice from the curry were in perfect harmony with the noodles and vegetables.
For dessert we had the flan, chocolate cake and fried donuts. The fried donuts were served with a chocolate and orange sauce and were very good. 
 The Flan was my favorite. It was prepared well and served beautifully.  
The chocolate cake served in a raspberry sauce was also delicious and was the perfect end to an interesting evening.It is a bar/restaurant with a club in the back, we got there really early on NYE, like 7pm early, the bar had 5-6 people with the restaurant seating three tables, our waitress I think was the bar tender and we really had no waiter to speak of.  Our drinks started as a Mai Tai which came as some random mix of liquors, but took about 20 minute to make, and consisted of 3 oz of liquid for about $9 each, we sent them back and they came back as a rum drink made with margarita mix, it was a joke.  The food was not good and the service was even worse.  I feel like this place benefited from "restaurant impossible" because it looked really modern, but in general I bascially looking for service and quality of food.  My "Thai" dish was basically beef stroganoff with the noodles being rice noodles.  Stay away from anything deep-fried it tastes like frozen street food.  Honestly for damage nearly reaching $100 and service that was pretty absent, I have no intention to ever come back to this place again.  Two simple things can keep a place open or closed, food quality and customer service, even the hot-dog stand outside can make that happen.As a lounge, the place looked fine. It is big and a bit sparce in decor and seating. Great sound system. I visited Fire & Ice for a SensationsZouk Kizomba social. The level of Kizomba dancing here was intermediate to advanced. I could tell most people were intermediate to advanced dancers in general. I would go back for another dance social.I was here to ring in the New Year with  couple of old and new friends. It was a small place, crowded as expected for a New Years Eve celebration. Nonetheless, I think they should have been prepared for the number of people that will be there. Coat check was closed at 10pm and you either had to pay to have your coat on the floor or hold it through out the night; I opted for the latter option, this made it  incredibly difficult to enjoy myself. 
Not sure what I was expecting but the music selection was really bad. I only knew about four songs out of the many that was played. We had bought our tickets earlier and qualified for VIP, which meant we got food and were allowed to dance upstairs. When we decided to go upstairs, the bouncer told us, it was only for those who bought bottles. What is the point of being VIP if I cannot enjoy the pecks that comes with it. 
Saw some unusual and unexpected events that I wished I could get out of my mind.
I'll definitely will not be going back when I visit Philly again.We were begged to come in here yesterday afternoon by a very nice man who noticed we were checking out the menu. My bf and I were looking for a place to have lunch on the cheap and noticed that they had a pretty good lunch special going on - $10 for soup and pad thai. Not bad, and we both love pad thai.
The space is huge and very dark. There were only two families in there dining at the time and there was one waitress working. It took her ten minutes to take our drink order, and she looked exhausted even though she was walking very, very lazily to and from the kitchen and for some reason, our soup came out before our drinks. After a few more minutes the drinks finally came out.
My pad thai was...well, it was pretty bad. The vegetables were over cooked and were burnt. The noodles were flavorless, like they completely forgot to add in sauce. I contemplated sending it back but didn't feel all that compelled to. The soup was okay. The waitress, again, was just terrible because she had no sense of urgency and took forever doing anything even though she only had two tables. 
Bad service, bad food...will not be back. Too many good places in Philadelphia to enjoy.I came here last month for a private event a little over a month ago. I'm pretty sure the food served, although delicious was brought into the place from the outside and not made by the kitchen at Fire and Ice. So, I can only comment on the non-food categories.
The decor was very nice. I felt like I was in a lounge in LA, SF, or NYC. But I was actually here in Philly. So it was nice to be in the kind of upscale atmosphere that I'm used to. Especially because it was right after I moved to Philly and was hoping for the best, but expecting the worst. Lots of places to sit comfortably and those tables that you can stand at are scattered throughout the main area. They also have an upstairs area in a similar style. They don't have a smoking area if you were looking for one. You will have to go out front. 
We ordered a few drinks from the bar. The bartenders mix a good drink. Not too weak, not too stiff. Reasonably priced, and not too difficult to find a bartender to take a drink order even with a lot of people there. Would definitely visit again and take guests visiting from LA.I didn't know much about Fire & Ice but I saw they had a foursquare check-in special and a happy hour so figured it would be a good place to stop on a day out with the girls.
We were seated at a table in the front. It was about 6 in the evening on a Saturday afternoon and the place was pretty dead. The service was pretty attentive- we had a few people checking in on us, offer suggestions, etc. 
I was perfectly happy drinking the Yuengling draft that came for free as the check-in special. Most of us drank our comp drink. If it were for that I would have been totally on board for the $6 martini special. Most of the appetizers were $5 so we split a bunch for the table.
Meh.  Per one of the recommendations, I tried the chicken satay. It was supposed to be prepared in a spicy peanut sauce. It was neither spicy or did it taste like peanut. It came with fried rice and that was tasty but nothing to write home about. I also sampled the vegetable spring rolls. They were fine. I was intrigued by the pear salsa but it turned out to be flavorless and dry. The girls seemed to enjoy the mozzarella sticks and French fries, but what fried stuff tastes bad?
I'm giving the place 3 stars for the check-in and happy hour specials. I'd be back...just for hh drinks.For being a newer establishment, the service was excellent! Our server, Salda was funny & super sweet & attentive to our table of 8. She kept the drinks pouring (i had the Ciroq Raspberry Lemonade) and our water glasses were never empty! The owner and head chef Chris came out to our table to introduce himself & gave us his suggestions on his favorite, most popular dishes. With his menu being only 2 weeks old, he was thrilled to explain to us why he chose the menu (comfort foods to him) & we really appreciated his passion for his restaurant. I ordered chicken pad Thai (never having tried Vietnamese or Thai food before) & the dish was delicious! I'm sensitive & nervous to try new foods but this was well worth it! We also got a sneak peek at the back room where it's a decent sized room with a bar and loft area for Lounging and hosting private parties or attending special engagements that Fire & Ice may have, such as comedy shows. The desserts were limited but were really tasty as we each shared a plate. Looking forward to the Grand Opening as only have been opened for 3 months, there's still so much to look forward to. We had a great time celebrating my friend's birthday at Fire & Ice and can't wait to visit again soon! The ambiance and the music selection was fabulous!Actually, 5 stars for Zelda and her trainee-they were excellent waitresses. Oh-and the man who showed us to our tables, and later inquired how we were doing...Nice!
However that's still not a reason to show up at this place.
I don't care about the size, or even the name of the place. Being a self-proclaimed foodie, I just come to spend my hard-earned money on good food!
That being said, I went there with my son to celebrate his birthday.  I used my Living Social voucher (supposedly prixe-fixe-doesn't that mean the chef brings out dishes of his choice to you? It also says we get 2 entrees and 2 appetizers, and 1 dessert-they threw in the complimentary vegetable.).
I ordered their Royal Flush drink, which was full of ice cubes, and little flavor. 
Also, I realized afterwards that they overcharged me(that will teach me to pay and leave before examining the check!}...
Get this-if these things were included in the voucher-
APPETIZERS(2)Kim Chi Trilogy(just pickled radishes, tofu, and cucumbers--meh), and Tom Sum soup(my son ordered this, and said it's too lemony-he's had better). ENTREES(2) Shrimp Pad Thai(the grilled shrimp on top was good-overall, just ok), and Red Curry Chicken Noodles(my son ordered this-he said not bad!)...
VEGETABLE(1) Shanghai tips-which is really a heaping plate of sauteed bok choy-which wasn't bad, but the only thing I took hoe because there was so much of it. I used it in my stir fry.
DESSERT(1) Chocolate cake. NOTE-When I ordered this, the waitress warned me that since it is baked from scratch, it will take about 15 minutes, which was fine with me because anything baked to order is gonna be yummy, right? NOT SO FAST...
When this little 3-inch-circle came out, I almost laughed! the scoop of ice cream on top of it was bigger then the cake! I waited for this? It was a little underdone, and more of another flavor than chocolate.
NOT INCLUDED IN VOUCHER: The Royal Flush drink, $10,
Crispy wings(not bad, but I could get these anywhere), and General Tso's Chicken Bites(too chewy, but good sauce), also $10 each.
So, why was I paying $48.44 for these 3 things that were not included??? I also gave them a tip based on the ENTIRE amount, which would have been $78, by their calculations...
I don't mind paying for a great meal-which this was NOT-I just want them to be honest about the check.
There''s too many other GREAT  restaurants around for me to step foot in here again.
REMEMBER TO EXAMINE YOUR CHECK BEFORE PAYING!This lounge was nice, but I was not pleased at all. The owner was very rude and unfriendly. Will never go back there again.For a few months I walked past this restaurant, unsure. However, after finally giving it a shot, I found it is one of the best restaurants I have been to in a long time. I live and eat in old city/center city and there are many great dining options. But none have stood out to me as this one has. 
The chef (Chris Nguyen) has an exceptional palate, the way he belnds viet-thai/american food is amazing. We got to meet him and on top of being a great chef, he has a great personality and right away you can tell he has a huge passion for his dishes and clientele.
Kim (manager/owner) is extremely down to earth, friendly and personable. She takes the time to go to her clientele and ensure that they feel at home and that their experience is top notch, her smile and good humor are intoxicating and leave you feeling appreciated and always welcomed.
The staff is amazing, to mention a few: Annie and Zelda (servers), are knowledgeable, friendly and very accomodating, sweet, funny and efficient. Brian (host with the most) is the funniest cat I have encountered in a long time. He has a bucket load of one liners that have you laughing all night, he is friendly, kind and most importantly remembers the clientele and greets you with a smile and genuine hospitality, on our 2nd visit, he knew who we were and excitedley welcomed us back!
In addition to the above, the ambiance is relaxing, comfortable with a twist of a nightlife feel, the space is grand, especially the private room located in the back, which is perfect for any event!
I've worked in hospitality and restaurant world for over 15 years, I have been a cook, server, manager and so on and based on my love of food and hospitality, I highly recommend this restaurant to all of my friends/family and co-workers or any stranger looking for a great meal, great atmosphere and to top that off, very wallet friendly menu.
I have been back at least 6 times, and it is quickly becoming my weekly fave spot, and I have tried almost everything on the menu and not one dissapointment, to name a few: Tamarind soup, bonelss wings, dumpling soup, king phet, slow cooked pork, mung bean crepe....all delicious
Please don't do what I did and walk past this spot, I went months without realizing the gem that was right there all the time, a prefect addition to the wonderful atmosphere of old city, and a perfect change of taste!Made reservations a week ago for 7pm and Showed up at this place last night for restaurant week and the place was CLOSED no notice in advance no sign on the door the neighbors didn't even have a clue.... So disappointed we found a great parking spot in the mound of snow climb over paid the meter $6 and had to find some place to go without having reservations!!! What do u know Gigi right across the street accommodated us even tho they were packed food was good and the drinks were strong.... I gotta give a star but they deserve NONENo, my friends, do not go. definitely do not go if you have had a bad cocaine addiction in the 1980's while living in Miami, USA. Too much darkness, too much white furniture and pink and blue fluorescent lights. You will have nasty nasty flashbacks and perhaps require another holiday in rehab clinic. Some food was good, most was not. Poor beer and wine selection. No, I will never return. No.Great happy hour experience.  We just came in for drinks and an appetizer.  Bar tender was very friendly, quick & made awesome martinis.  Enjoyed our pre-dinner drinks.One of the worst dinners I have had in Philadelphia in several years.  We tried the restaurant after buying a Groupon deal and selected our courses based on the recommendation from our waitress.
Even though we were one of 3 tables in the restaurant on a Thursday night, it took almost 40 minutes for our main courses to arrive.  I can't imagine how this restaurant will operate at even half capacity.
The greens on the shaky beef salad were wilted and brown, the beef was gristled and had no flavor, and the black cod was overcooked and very fishy.
When we were asked how our food was, I answered honestly - which led to a lecture from the general manager about how the economics of a Groupon, as if we weren't entitled to getting good-quality food and service.
Ended up dropping $80 including tip after the Groupon.  For that amount of money, I'll pay a little more and get consistently great service and food at Buddakan.
We won't be returning, and I would be genuinely surprised if this place is still open in 6 months.I loved this place!! The food is AMAZING. Hands down very good. We came for happy hour (which is great specials on food and drinks) and ordered appetizers and food from the regular menu. Everything was great. The staff is very friendly and knowledgable of everything from the bar items to the menu and specials. Event room is large and similarly decorated but open to your own design! Daily events such as free salsa dancing lessons to DJ's. Will definitely be back!To start, their Summer Sangria was HORRIBLE! It was sour and not at all sweet. The must have used a very dry white and no simple syrup. The bartender blamed it on someone else and tried to doctor it. As much as I wanted to like it, it was even worse. So I ordered my usual, Maker's Mark with a splash of Sprite and 2 limes. Instead, I got a Sprite wit a splash of Maker's Mark. Then came the featured tapas...chicken satay and chicken wonton tacos. The satay tasted like the frozen Tyson's over processed chicken breasts you'd get from Sam's Club. The wonton tacos were even worse. They were topped with coleslaw, presumably from Sam's and guess what, no where in the description did it mention cabbage or cole slaw. (Oddly enough, they had great pics of food on their flat screen. Perhaps they were stock photos.)The owner was rude and snappy when I tried to explain why I was so dissatisfied. She tried to defend  the sorry tacos instead of offering an apology. I showed her the menu that they created and asked for her to explain where cole slaw was mentioned. AWFUL move in customer service. If that is how the owner will treat customers, what hope is there for the staff?I called the night before to reserve for an event for a large group and they were very friendly and willing to work with us.  Considering that we are a party of deaf people, the event coordinator was very well organized and wanted to ensure that communication was clear for everyone.  They had printed out menus and presented pencils for everyone to choose what they want to eat/drink and so forth.  This is VERY "deaf-friendly" for us.  
The food was amazing and absolutely delicious, also very prompt! The prices were reasonable and the servers were amazing and friendly along with understanding what we wanted and needed. 
We will definitely be coming back!I wish I could say I had a better experience but I won't be back. 
We stumbled into this place after a host lured us in for their $10 lunch special with pad thai and soup. We first noticed that no one else was in this massive 60+ seat restraunt. Our waiter seemed overwhelmed by our party of 8 at 12pm on a tuesday but proceeded to take our orders and was friendly. 
15 minutes go by: we all recieved water and finally got our lukewarm soup. It was decent, but the portions size was not enough at all. 
another 20 minutes go by, our waiter constantly filled our water glasses and we finally were served our flavorless pad thai. One person in our group ordered something different and his took another 10 minutes to arrive. We were still the only ones in the place!
We were all still very hungry after we gobbled down our mediocre portions of pad thai. Looks like it has potential, but they need a major food lesson.This kind of place is not really my scene, but I went for a friend and had an enjoyable time. I have not experienced it as a full on nightclub- we came with a large group for dinner and drinks. As of right now, it's great for large groups- very accommodating and our waiter Aaron was top-notch. Their back "club" area and front dining area are separate so I don't anticipate much change when they do officially open in the next week or so.
Food: Please don't listen to the guy who said the food is "dance club" food- perhaps he just ordered from the bar menu. We ordered from both the bar menu (hellllooo delicious calamari) and the dinner menu- EVERYONE was impressed and enjoyed their meals. Everyone = 10-12 people, so that's no small feat. You would never expect this place to be a dance club as the food is definitely "fit for foodies." However, if the chef reads this- I'm really impressed with your menu, but PLEASE add a burger or sandwich for the everyday folk. 
Beer: Not much on tap, but they do have a decent bottle selection at reasonable prices. Just don't come here expecting to sample all of your favorite local craft beers.
Drinks: This is the only area that I was disappointed with- I think that they need to work the kinks out of their drink prices and service at the bar. For example- I ordered a well Long Island Iced Tea while my partner ordered a Maker's Mark Manhattan- somehow, mine ended up being $5 more expensive. Huh? After we all switched to beer, the bartender messed up the tabs of my friends a couple of times. Meh.
In all- food was good, food service was good, bar service was lackluster. I do think the space is great and that this place could be and should be awesome!Honestly, this restaurant was a little pretentious. 
They advertised their happy hour, we go in, get seated at a table. We asked about their specials. We were told that the happy hour is only for people sitting at the bar. REALLY?! We were literally one foot away from the bar. I was at a table, but I think I could have reached out and put my hand on the bar I was so close to it. Regardless of location, I didn't understand that rule anyway. If I want to purchase alcohol and they will serve me alcohol, I don't get why I am not entitled to the happy hour specials. Oh well, their loss. We ended up not ordering any drinks.
The pho was not that good. I've had a 6 dollar bowl from other restaurants that was so big it could feed like four people. This bowl at Fire and Ice was about 9 or 10 dollars and only really fed one person. Usually restaurants I go to that sell pho, you get this GIANT BOWL and it's so satisfying and you share it and just enjoy all the soup and noodles. This was just so boring and plane. 
The kalbi lettuce wraps were pretty good. 
But yeah, overall, everything was just small expensive proportions, nothing special. The atmosphere was just really interesting ... green lighting, dark ... etc.I went there with my family last Sunday with the Groupon and no reservations.
The service was good. Sokha was our server. Very pleasant.
The food was delicious although I have had better.
For appetizers, I've order the Shaky Salad. It had tiny pieces of beef and potatoes served on a bed of watercress. It was yummy but different because the raw watercress already has a distinct taste. It was mixed in a spicy sauce but somehow complimented the meat. My husband ordered the Coconut Soup which consisted of coconut milk, vermicelli, and a little bit of scallions. It looked very simple and bland. Surprisingly, it was very delicious.
For the entrees, I ordered the Chicken Curry. Made just right. The only problem I had was that it was served with only 1 naan. When I asked for white rice, our server said that I had to order it separately because it was considered to be a side dish. Say what? $3 for a small bowl of white rice? My husband got the Chicken Satay that was served with Coconut Rice. He enjoyed his meal. We also ordered the Shrimp Pad Thai. Really dry. It wasn't served with peanuts, tofu, or lemon. What a disappointment!
For dessert, we shared a flan. I'm a fan of ginger so since they caramelized the sugar with the ginger for the flan, I loved it. It was phenomenom. The husband, on the other hand, took one bite and was done.
Overall, I do like it but wouldn't go back any time soon.Great food and wonderful service!  Love the Kai Ba lettuce wraps :).  Awesome happy hour specials and atmosphere!Great decoration, big bar & perfect cocktails, tasty food, awesome dance floor remind me of south beach Miami night clubs,,, friendly pro. Staff... 1st time & for sure will come again to try the night club. Good for big groups & happy hour after a long time of work....could not figure out exactly what this place is.  poor food, slow service in a huge space with weird lighting.Wow, have never had an experience with such horrible and complacent service.
Background: I went to this place for a yelp elite event and the food/drinks were great and I had a good experience.  When I was in the old city area for another event, we needed a place for dinner so I recommended Fire & Ice since we had a good time before.
We had a group of 7 people, there were about 5 others parties in the restaurant, we should have known there was something wrong when no one had any food on their tables.
We ordered our food and some drinks pretty quickly, the server was initially nice.  
20 minutes later, no one at the table received any drinks, we asked the waiter about our drinks, he says "they're coming..." in a curt and annoyed way.
45 minutes later, we received our ice tea drinks and then ask the waiter where is our food? He again says, "they're coming!"  No explanation of why the food was taking so long or any compensation.  No one else in this place has any food on their table and everyone in the restaurant looks hungry/pissed off.  
About a hour after stepping foot into this place, we (group of 7) received 1 ice tea and ZERO food, no appetizers, no soup, no salad, and no entree and worst of all, no EXPLANATION of what the heck is going on.
After the 3rd time of the waiter giving us the round-around we all got up and left.  The workers in the restaurant couldn't give a crap, they just watched us all and just shrugged their shoulders.
Yelpers and other potential diners: DON'T GO HERE, The service is horrible and they could not care less about you, the servers and the kitchen have no communication, the hostress will coax you into getting seated only to trap you there waiting for your non-existent food, ultimately, it is really sad to have such a negative experience here after having a positive experience at a Yelp Elite event.  I will not return and I do not recommend this place to anyone.Came through after work and what a treat food awesome,  hostess and servers A+ (especially Aaron) and got to meet the CHEF!!!! A++ cute and can cook ladies!!! The atmosphere is classy chic modern with twist of adventure. Flavors of the food  can be described as sexy sweet and sensual a mouthful of pleasure!!! It is a must go!!! SN a little more liquor in the drinks!!! By the way I and my girlfriend had the fried calamari, fried chicken and French fries not at all what I would describe as the usual but I am still trying to figure out how he made FF and chicken chic!!! Loved it will be back!!!So last night my girlfriend and I got a Groupon to Fire and Ice Restaurant. The menu looked great and I thought a restaurant in Old City was safe. This dinner could not have gone any worse! Here we go...
We started by telling the waiter that we had a Groupon, and he then described the 2 appetizers, 1 vegetable, 2 entrees, and dessert that came with our meal. When we were ready to order, we asked for edamame as the app and he said that it was excluded from the Groupon offer---we were never told this! I ordered the coconut soup and she ordered the dumpling soup. Twenty minutes later they brought out two coconut soups. They apologized for the mistake and ten minutes later, brought out her dumplings, only to spill the broth all over her purse and foot! After more apologies, we expected the manager to come say something, but this, of course did not happen, and we were given free edamame with a side of sass---aren't managers supposed to be friendly? We asked for complementary drinks (standard, I would say, for such an atrocity!), but the manager stated that "under Pennsylvania law, she could not give us free drinks---this is actually not the case.
Entrees: I ordered the "short rib" lettuce wraps and she ordered the Chicken Satay. The "short ribs," were not, in fact, short ribs, but rather just ground dog food-like beef with seasoning. It was supposed to come with kim chi, but there was no cabbage product in sight. Her chicken satay was basically chicken on a stick covered in a peanut butter and cayenne blend---nasty. Additionally, we decided just to get sticky rice as our "vegetable" since edamame was not available, but our waiter failed to inform us that both our meals came with rice, so there was a silly amount of sticky rice... ironically, the tastiest thing we would eat all evening. 
Dessert: ohhhhh boy. We ordered chocolate bread pudding, because who doesn't love bread pudding?! What was offered was a dense, gross, roll of bread soaked in the poorest excuse for a custard you can imagine. Beside it, was a broken peanut butter sauce, which was oily and likely straight from the jar. As dessert lovers, we each had one bite and a whole lot of laughs about how god awful it was. I felt like going Chef Ramsey on their asses! 
Point of the story: if you value a) your money b) good food c) quality service -- DO NOT EAT AT THIS ESTABLISHMENT! Cheers.First time here, place was DEAD at 7:30pm on a Saturday (guess it's more of a nightclub scene). Nevertheless the food was very good, small portions but really tasty. We went on Valentines Day weekend, so there was a special going on ($40 per person for app, dinner & dessert with free champagne). But the specialty drinks are CRAZY expensive & obviously not priced out on the menu- totally jacked the price of our bill from $80 to $130 (and I had one drink, my boyfriend had 2). I think my drink was $12 and his were $16 each, ouch. Probably won't go again but it wasn't a bad experience. Probably more fun to come later at night too.Really nice place! I went there for  happy hour, I tried the chicken burrito and the mango martini, both were very good. Our waiter was also great. I can't wait to go back to experience the dance club area, it looked pretty awesome. I hope this place stays around.I feel like this place has no identity ,it would be an amazing club but has no promotion at all. Fire and ice isn't really a resturaunt name. I have to admit,the place looks amazing ,i would rehire a whole new staff though who are these people? It has the opportunity to be the best club in old city make it happen before it turns into a ghetto place!I really enjoyed the food here! All of our plates were beautifully presented and has some great flavors going on. Pretty innovative dishes in the mix of normal thai food. The place itself has a bit of an odd feel with it being dark and narrow but I thoroughly enjoyed my meal. I got a coconut and peanut curry tofu dish and i was so tasty. All of my friends meals we're lovely too.I ate here for dinner on a Sunday. The food was really good and the staff was nice. I would eat here again.The service was ok; expectedly polite and prompt. The food was meh. Shaky Beef salad was way to salty and so did the vegetable dish. I think it was supposed to be Acorn squash and 'fresh' bamboo shoots but it looked more like a baby vomit with soy sauce. Braised Beef wasn't all that much to write home about either. The desserts, Warm Chocolate Cake tasted more like microwaved brownie in a cup, Dirty Banana's only flavor came from the vanilla ice cream that came with. 
Judging by the space, it was clearly meant for a nightclub rather than a restaurant. I do hope they do better as a club.A name says a lot about a place, and this restaurant is no exception.  Fire and Ice has an identity crisis going on with the food, service, and the physical space.  All night long, it was one step forward and then two steps back.
When we first walked in, I was shocked at how big it was.  The bar is massive, and there's tons of seating space.  I was even more stunned by the size of the two story lounge in the back.  Is it a club, a bar, or a restaurant???  After spending nearly two hours there, I'm not sure I know the answer, and neither does the staff.
We were greeted by an incredibly nice and polite waiter, and I thought we were off to a good start.  We quickly put in for a soup and a salad, and both came out quickly.  I enjoyed the dumpling soup and shaky beef salad.  Our mains were the salmon and mixed protein pad thai.  The salmon was cooked well and was an interesting concept, but it was bland, which was a shame.  The pad thai was awful.  The picture in the Yelp profile looks nothing like what was served to us:  tasteless, dry, luke warm noodles.  I sent it back, which is a rarity for me.  The dish that came back was much better, but was just as bland as my salmon.  The warm chocolate cake for dessert continued the theme.  It was tiny and bland as well.
While the restaurant never completely filled out, our service got slower and slower and slower as the night went on.  I felt bad too, because our waiter was super friendly, but it was unbearable toward the end of the meal.  There are so many good restaurants in this area, which will make a return to Fire and Ice unlikely.  I hope they fare better with the bar and lounge.Good food, although desert was very small. Loved the jazz band playing though!  
Nice atmosphere. Gets busy after 9.PROS: Good service
CONS: Club atmosphere, mediocre food
What do you expect when you hear the words "fire and ice"? Something steamy and sizzly, maybe. Instead, we got something lukewarm...
- The kimchi trilogy was interesting. Expensive for what it is (2 small scoops of kimchi and 3 pieces of marinated tofu), but decent.
- The mung bean crepe was crispy, greasy, and full of bean sprouts. Pretty huge portions, but the flavor was only okay.
- The steamed cod could be better. The cod itself was overcooked, but wrapped cutely in a banana leaf. The coconut broth sitting at the bottom of the dish was pretty flavorful.
- The dirty banana split was a crepe filled with bananas and doused in caramel. It was pretty good, but the vanilla ice cream that went along with it was of the cheap, bland variety.
Overall, I think... "meh". I'd save my moolah and graze on yummier pastures nearby.Why can't I give zero stars? This place is horrible. Their beer taps were "out of service"...huh? Asked them to change one of their five TVs to a Flyers game. I'm still waiting for that to happen.  Bartender and others working there were rather clueless about their offerings. We ended up leaving shortly after arriving and heading to Mac's down the street.
This is 20 minutes out of my life that Fire and Ice owes me back.Fire & Ice is a good example of why you need to read every Yelp review, and not just the top few. The reviews from 2013 and before, towards the top of the page, seemed good, so we decided to come here for a friend's birthday. If we had read the rest of the reviews, we might have been more prepared for the strangest, most unwelcoming experience we had there.
The vibe of the entire place was very strange. As some other patrons mentioned, it was overly dark, for "mood lighting", and very large, which made it seem emptier than it probably actually was. Loud music echoed through the entire place, making it feel unwelcoming for actually having conversation. The waiters couldn't seem to find our large party in the middle of the restaurant because the service took so long, and when one of our party complained after we'd waited about half an hour after being seated for someone to take our order, a stout, middle-aged blonde woman came out saying she "owned the place" and told us in a fake sweet voice to not "harass" their waiters. I believe this was the manager of Fire & Ice, and we almost left then and there. We should have, because the food and drinks definitely were NOT worth waiting for.
Our drinks seemed extremely watered down, even before the ice started melting, and were overpriced. The food seemed like something a suburban soccer mom who isn't good at cooking but wants to seem "exotic" for a PA potluck would create - perhaps good for people who haven't actually had Thai food, but have a vague idea of what it's like from cooking shows and blogs.
I won't be visiting Fire & Ice again, and I recommend you stay away too.Great food! Superb service! Nice trendy restaurant in addition to a state of the art nightclub!!I really really like Fire & Ice. I head here for lunch. They have an amazing deal for soup + pad thai, and let me tell 'ya ... it's kind of amazing. I go with a friend of mine from another office and it's a very nice lunch hour. 
For vegan options, they have vegan soup options, and they can make a vegan version of the Pad Thai (a few extra minutes), but it's so worth it. My companion always gets the pork dumpling soup, and basically always flips over it.
I've only picked up a happy hour drink here once before an event, and it was a delish mango martini. Froo froo martinis are my jam! And it was like, what, $6? Shut the front door!
I really hope other people in the area pick up on Fire & Ice -- it feels like I should see more people hounding it for lunch, and a nice upscale (while inexpensive) happy hour.