I don't know what all the fuss is about, but then I am not a burger and fries fan.  In fact, I can't remember the last time I ate a burger with fries.  So why the review - my husband is a burger and fries fan and likes this place.  He does not go often as even he realizes that any place whose food has the grease from the overfilled fries bleeding through the paper takeout bag with in moments of being packed is best eaten in moderation.   He reports that both the burgers and fries are tasty and well sate his craving for such when it arises.  I love that do not charge extra for toppings, with or without them the cost is the same.  We always finds the service friendly and fairly quick, which is good as I am usually waiting in the car for him.This is a favored place to go with my son since my daughters both have peanut allergies. We're never disappointed with the service or the food. It's great for a quick bite to eat when you want something a little tastier than your average fast food place. They give you an abundance of fresh cut fries and they don't roll their eyes when you request a burger sans the bun! My son especially loves munching on roasted peanuts while he waits for his burger. Something he can't do at home.Not bad. Food is good but deliver didn't bring ketchup like I asked. They do have good burgers thoughI always order online and pick up since I don't want to wait forever for my burger. Bacon cheeseburger all the way with BBQ sauce is my usual. It's a very sloppy burger and the bun gets super saturated and falls apart. Make sure you have a lot of napkins and watch the dripping sauce! Despite all that, I think it's delicious and I have instant burger coma/regret right after.I love five guys.for the previous reviews that gave it bad just cause you can't eat bread how was that thier fault. They ago adapted the one guy with lettuce as a bun but even that is nasty I just would start eating steak instead of burgers lol. I dunno never had a bad burger from here. Always a huge order of fries also. They fill a paper bag for thier small never got a large cause ill throw up.I absolutely love Five Guys! They never disappoint. This particular location is a great. Friendly staff, great food, what more could you want.Five Guys is one of the best fast food burgers. For a burger, fries and soda it's 12 bucks, which is almost as expensive as what you'd get in a sit down restaurant. For the same price there are DOZENS of better burgers in Philadelphia and suburbs. So my 4 star rating is only compared to other fast food burgers like Wendy's.
Anyway, I've been to several Five Guys. The Grant Ave location is about the same as any of the others. Good stuff, convenient, if a little over priced.This is my third time having five guys & the first time I actually enjoyed it. My first two times I came here & wasn't satisfied because burgers were so bland. This time idk what happened but burgers were actually good. I only wish they had chicken on the menu so I could get a chicken sandwich not just a burgerStopped in for a bite to eat. Held off for a few months to let the hype die down and for this particular location to be a bit more established before stopping by. The dining area was very clean, which is always a plus. 
The food is on par with the other Five Guys locations throughout Philly. Cooked quickly, didn't have to wait long for my order. Staff was friendly and kept the lines moving fast. If you've been to a Five Guys before and you dig them, then this place is a nice spot to stop. 
The burgers are enjoyable enough, cooked well and the topping choices are nice (Jalapenos for me). The fries are more on the soft side and not super crispy. But they are flavorful and the order sizes are always very generous. 
It's a decent place. Nothing that will sway the companies detractors, but if you put the hype aside and just want a tasty burger, then it's worth at least checking out.This location is like the other Five Guys and is consistently good.  The service is friendly and quick.  They cook each burger as it is ordered, so the wait is going to be a bit longer than other fast food, but it's worth it (eat some free peanuts while you're waiting).  The beef is fresh and juicy and the unlimited toppings are great.  I also love the fries, and the sizes are super generous.  The dining room has always been clean when we visit.Excellent. Excellent.  Excellent. The burgers are of a supreme quality,  and the fries are delicious.  
Overall it's a bit expensive,  but you get all the peanuts you want to eat in addition to all the condiments your heart desires on your burger with no extra charge. 
Forever a winner.I'm a Five Guys fan and this location did not disappoint.  Fast, friendly service and a good burger!good burgers, but placed a large order of 10 burgers and ther got every burger order wrongMy husband and I decided to try five guys for the first time, the girl who took our order was not friendly and barely made eye contact..didn't look happy to be there...for almost 40.00 which isn't cheap for 2 bacon cheeseburgers, plain burger, 1 drink, 2 orders of fries...our food was ready fast and the girl who packed it up for us was very personable...we don't live far but when we unpacked food, 1 order of fries spilled out in bag and both orders were so soggy..the burgers were just ok...we definitely won't be going back...The burgers are only as good as the service and the service at Five Guys on Grant ave. SUCKS!!Had a desire for some burgers, and a $10 gift card that was burning a hole in my wallet for a long time, so my family and I decided to use it.  We got 4 regular burgers (regular has 2 patties, Junior has 1) and the toppings are all advertised as "free."  
Each of our burgers got done exactly how we wanted, and they put a corresponding # sticker on the wrapper to match with the receipt.  The fries were plentiful and tasty.
Service was nice, and the place was clean.
About $40 for the 4 of us.This place has some good burgers. I love the fact that you can build your own. They have always been on point with my order making it exactly how I request it. They are also very generous with the fries. I suggest sharing the fries and not getting separate orders. It is a lot of food and I don't want to know how many calories it is. They do have a smaller burger option if you don't want the full size burger. Over all this place makes a mean burger that will leave you very satisfied. I would definitely recommend eating here and I've been back many times myself. It's delicious! As for the staff... I've never had any issues with any of them and the place has always been clean. Every time I go there it seems there is always someone cleaning.As someone can't eat bread, I was very pleased that these guys could hand my request in wrapping my burger in lettuce. It's disappoint all the odd results i get when i request something like that. The burger itself was good and got a lot of fries for a "regular" order.WOW! I'm surprised I'm in the minority.  I eat  a LOT of burgers and am a discriminating customer.  This is definitely the best place to get a burger...not a gourmet burger but nonetheless, a delicious burger.
  The meat  alone actually has taste and is juicy despite cooking it pretty well-done, the bread is delicious and toasty (a burger bun needs sesame seeds!) and I love that I can make it as messy as I want-with all the toppings I want, for no extra cost.  I always think its b.s when a place charges you for onions, cooked or raw, and pickles, bbq sauce or whatever.
Fries are beyond plentiful, hand cut (!!) golden, salty and they even have cajun fries!
This is the kind of place you go when you just want an awesome burger.  No frills like 'gourmet'  topping (no avacado/fried egg...) or wild atmosphere.  Its a quick service, fresh, delicious burger.  I think most people are surprised that with all the great things people say about this place that it's not fancy.  I always take notice to cleanliness-especially at greasy burger places or hoagie shops and I notice hand-washing things.  I have never seen someone go from sweeping to preping food with out washing their hands and changing their gloves at any 5 Guys.  I HATE going to a place where I see the cook touch raw meat, then touch my burger bun and/or toppings.  Gets me SO pissed that if I haven't paid already, I'll just walk out.
  The people have always been extremely nice here, too. Great Plus!Their burgers are so disgustingly delicious!! Meaning that their calorie count is ridiculous but its soooooooo good.  Like everyone said it is a regular burger, but I enjoyed it.  Went to try it out for the first last week with my brother and it was a fulfilling experience. Bread is nice and soft, I only got one patty though and that was enough for me.  You can add stuff to your burger too... maybe that's the plus to it? idk
Self seat, clean, cozy, and now I am a every-once-in-awhile fan! haha check it out.Awesome food, great crew. They work fast even though the store is packed with people. Overall a great place to eat!Place: it was a bit weird having a stack of potatoes and stuff as a line guide and then walls of awards that were dated back over 6 years ago. Tacky and awkward. The atmosphere was nice though. 
Food: a bit pricey for some meats between buns but my brother and mother (bought food for them not me) enjoyed it. They were amazed at the amount of bacon in the BLT. Loved the fact that there were free toppings for the burgers :)
Service: fast and easy. Didn't wait long and food was fresh.Over hyped burgers!!  Went here with a friend to try it.  He's eaten here before and I havent so I wasnt sure how or what to order.  Went up to cashier and she said to me "this will be the best burger you've had in your life" I said great cant wait.......
Quite disappointed!  The burger was good, but not the best.  My bread fell apart and the veggies I asked for were non exsistant.  All I asked for was onions and green pepper and pickles.  I got a piece of each one of them.  Not a slice but a cut piece.  The fries were good, greasy but good and they do give you alot of them.  The regular size could probably feed 2.  There is the peanuts also.  You can eat as much as you want, but they are salty.
Place is ok, but overly hyped.  
Happy Eatings!!Gave this place a second chance I guess it's ok way better than any other fast food that serves burgers. It gives that food truck vibe only I know that other  food trucks burgers taste better lol. Anyways yes it's decent still overpriced but worth it once in awhile.I really like five guys. This particular location is very clean and the staff is extremely friendly. Today I went for the bacon cheeseburger and it did not disappoint! For a fat food joint I think the burgers are spot on. I do not care for their fries though so I skip those. The wait can be a bit long at times. I will be back! Solid 4 stars.Ive been to several Five guys locations and they never disappoint. This one is no different. 
Staff is friendly, Food us tasty (ordered the little cheeseburger with onions mushrooms lettuce tomato) and fries. Lots of places to sit and eat. 
Will be coming back here next time I'm craving a burger!I usually hate writing reviews about "fast food" places because everyone knows already what a Big Mac tastes like and have pretty much formed a solid opinion on experience already, but Five Guys is under the radar, and shouldn't be.
The first time I ever had Five Guys, it was when I was living in Virginia and ate at the inaugural spot. It changed my life as far as fast food burgers go. Listen, Five Guys is GOOD. Like, REALLY good. They make every burger fresh. There are a dozen topping choices at least. The potatoes are delivered fresh every day and they even tell you from where. You can nosh on peanuts as you wait to make your order. I've NEVER; not once, had a bad burger at ANY Five Guys I've ever eaten at, from Philly to Norfolk. If you order a large fry, I hope you brought 3 friends with you, as they give you a LITERAL LUNCH BAG of fries. A regular fry can be split 2-3 ways EASY. The workers are ALWAYS nice. They let you add artwork to the walls. I LOVE Five Guys. I will go out of my way for Five Guys.
Why not 5 stars? Five Guys ain't cheap. You are getting a damn good burger and PERFECT french fries (assuming you like your fries like I like mine, which are done, but still a little limp. No crispy fries here.) But, for a burger (2 small patties, a "little" is 1), regular fries and a drink, you're easily about $20. That same amount of food is $7 at Burger King. You're spending three times the money for Five Guys. Which, in my eyes, they are more than occassionally worth it, but it IS a consideration. Also, they only cook the burgers well, but it somehow doesn't ruin the burger.
Five Guys is totally recommended and the best "fast food" burger you can get anywhere; hell, one of the better burgers PERIOD you're gonna find.This place is so over hyped im not sure why. The burgers are good but not what people hyped them up to be. Its better than average but not to die for. I think the people hyping it up are comparing the burgers to Fast Food burgers (McD, Wendys) in that case yes its better. I have got into debates about how over hyped this place is. Maybe you went on a off day or try a different place. Its just a regular burger the main difference is that theirs is more fresh than what you get at your standard run of the mill Fast Food place. Is it worth the price i say yes but dont go expecting to have your socks blown off. Its more hype than meat here...Lol...Came in after 4 hrs of social drinking watching my kids mini soccer tournament on a Friday night. The kids were starving as was I & my wife. My kids love Five Guys & I prefer them over any other fast food burger. Got a small cheese burger with jalapeño & mushrooms. Wife & kids got small cheeseburgers with bacon. Everything was good never really have a problem when I come here. Our order was up reasonably quick & tasted good. Filled us up & did the job. I'll definitely be back & will review again.DON'T BELIEVE THE HYPE!!
My wife, my son & I went there after hearing how great these burgers were. I can make a better burger @ home. Five Guys would help make this a better burger if they do a few things: put their product on a solid bun, maybe a kaiser roll(the one they use falls apart, & in my opinion, it should hold the meat), stop burning the burger( I like mine done, but not charcoaled), because this kills the flavor, & when a customer asks for condiments on his burger, make sure that they get them( I asked for hot peppers, onions, & bacon, & got a plain burger !!) They also give you a lot of fries, but, again, I've had better. If you want a better burger, go across the street to Nifty Fiftys. Cooked to order, & way better flavor.i agree the hype is over the type.  we finally went to see what the big deal is.  the hamburger most order is two fresh patties grilled to order.  i had mine "animal style"(i wish In N Out would go national) -- 5 guys calls it the everything burger with grilled mushrooms, pickles mayo and fried onion with lettuce and tomatoes.  the fries are fresh cut and fried to order.  cannot go wrong.  the salted peanuts are free to scoop in a small dish, but i think people see them as a decoration as they are not so fresh.  overall not bad and if you love burgers, go here instead of other burger fast food joints.   the place is run by a bunch a kids who laugh too much and it adds to the wait, but i dont mind.  my homemade burgers are bigger and cheaper.This maybe my favorite 5Guys it's. Clean the cheese melted nicely and We loved the friesOkay so the food was good burger and fries can't go wrong (you can but they didn't) 
 Everything was fresh including fries (still warm) not to mention they give you a shucks load of them 
Free refills on soda was a plus 
Clean inviting atmosphere and staff 
Great music 
I notice several small complaints hence the 3 not 4 stars 
I notice that there was constant glove changing by staff members was was awesome 
How one particular staff member seems to have a lot of nervous energy he kept rubbing every surface with his gloves on as if massaging it then he touch the cheese on someone's burger before changing his gloves. I don't think he realized it or did it purposely like I said it seemed more anxiety than anything. 
All other staff members where great with cross contamination measures (probably should give 4 stars ) wish I could rate the food and cleanliness separate. 
Outcome I was satisfied but wasn't wowed by my food 
I will return I recommend this location 
Great for families 
Cleanliness of employees and establishment deserves 4 starsI was at five guys yesterday i ordered my food.  But wen i got my food.  The burger was pink i asked to speak to a manger. They said he s not in.Used to go here often when I lived nearby, stopped in recently and was surprised how neglected the place was, very dirty. Only 1 other table was being used but they were all filthy and this was shortly after opening, so the dining area was obviously not cleaned the night before, nor did they take the time to clean before they opened up.
Seems like both the night mgr and the day mgr don't care. I didn't get anything when I saw the state of the dining area.
If they're filthy when they open up imagine what else is being neglected that we can't see.My bacon cheeseburger with barbecue sauce was delicious! I didn't realize it came with two patties! I got it wrapped in lettuce instead of a bun. There was too much lettuce on the burger, and it was very greasy, but everything was delicious!Great Burgers. But for what they charge for a burger. get everything but the kitchen sink on it to make it worth what your paying for. 
And the cajun fries are good. Always get a small order because they give you so much. 
And always enjoy there free peanuts.I adore 5 guys, always fresh. Made to order. Friendly staff that is very accommodating and welcoming.  Fries done reg or Cajun style and always fresh. Huge portion even the kids love it and always ask to go thereTo expensive 2 burgers 1 fry and 2 sodas 38 dollars that's crazy for take out food and it was just ok nothing special I watched the guy smash all juice out of my burger it was dry dry drySo we ordered. Waited 15 minutes and showed up. This is new as this Covid distancing. The girl comes out takes my credit card and I ask her to add some vinegar to our order for our fries. She has a sweatshirt that says "Wake and Bake " on it. Yes I can relate but she is at work. She goes to another car and gets there credit card as well, goes in and runs both cc and gets our food ( which was ready and take our food outside. I ask again for the vinegar. She says ohhhhh ok.  Goes back inside, around to the inside of the kitchen and has a conversation with another girl. After a couple minutes I just left. Sadly enough I even tipped her. 
So a eye roll when I ask for something you always serve. 
And your wearing a t shirt about drugs ( while at work)
So I wouldn't have cared about the sweatshirt if I had actually gotten my order.I had the bacon cheeseburger all the way and small fries.  Both excellent.  The place was very clean and staff was friendly.  So fast I didn't even get to enjoy the peanuts!Food is great. I like that they offer little burger options since I have a tendency to feel full quickly. Staff is friendly and quick.
I wouldn't suggest coming here if you have a peanut allergy though since they have peanuts all over the place that you can grab for free.I ordered $89.00 in food through Grubhub and my driver delivered my food to someone else's house cause we never got it . However I called five guys and they made it right he fixed my whole order over and I picked it up. That's alright , good business I will eat at five guys from this point forward it was suggested by my daughter and for that I am forever a loyal customer.The food was good so take it from me leave Grubhub and door dash alone they are trash and hire thieves to deliver their food . Everyone has GPS no use to getting lost and houses are numbered so no need to deliver to the wrong spot apparently their employees can't read. But five guys are great and I appreciate their kindness .Absolutely disgusting you might as well eat at freaking McDonald's unbelievable. And here I thought McDonald's was the worst place on planet earth. I guess I was wrong I guess it's every place in Philly so far I have eaten is disgusting
Burger is disgusting! Figures of course Philly has the most disgusting five guys on planet earth!
 I can tell you they would be rolling over in their graves at the five guys down south
You know McDonald's they never melt cheese who the he**wants to eat a burger with not melted cheese
Burger so well done I might as well eat a hockey puck holy crap if I could use cursewords on here I would I'm tired of paying for garbage food
DISGUSTING I WANT TO THROW UP...
Let's not forget the five guys is known for their fries right not this one horrible
OK I am going to throw up this is so disgusting. I promise you if you go to Wilson's Torresdale grill During the week daytime hours and only you will never eat at this place ever again I promise you
I suggest every employee go try their burger they will not eat at five guys I promise you I bet $1000 on this five guys most disgusting one I've ever been to I want my money back I'm going to throw upFive guys is a step above "fast food" burgers like McDonalds, Wendy's, etc. However, it's not much better tasting for the price. They are much bigger burgers with more toppings. It's pretty plain tasting for the amount of toppings though. 
I do want to comment that the service at this location is very good. They made our order wrong and when we brought it up to them they made us a new burger.I've never had an issue with my food here. Always fresh and fast! There no drive through, but I think its worth parking and going in to get a tasy juicy burger that never disappoints. A bit pricy but Treat Yo Self!We ordered from somewhere else using one of those food ordering apps and the driver had a canceled order for Five Guys and they gave it to us. It was fries and a double patty everything burger and it was pretty good although I'm not a fan of everything on a burger. So, we decided to order specifically from here to give them an honest shot. I got two bacon cheeseburgers and large fries via Door Dash. The food was amazing. Bun is large and soft, burger was cooked perfectly with a good bite to it, bacon was crispy and had a great smokey flavor to it. Five Guys doesn't charge for extra toppings (which I assume is why the previous order had everything on it) so I got extra bacon for free, extra cheese for free, as well as ketchup, mustard, lettuce, pickles, and onions (fried onions is free but I eat them raw). But the fries is where they shine. Fresh cut, perfect golden brown, and plenty of salt. The quantity of fries was massive. I suspect they filled a cup with fries and then dumped about 150% more fries into the bag afterword (I almost got filled up on the fries alone). Now, the order was a bit pricey but between the quality and quantity, I think it's more than worth paying a little extra.Great burger. Always fresh and cooked perfectly. Bun slightly thin but not huge deal. 
Fries great, I always get Cajun for the extra burn. Coke freestyle machine with free refills cools the tongue. 
Service great, usually done in 5 minutes. Eat the free peanuts whIle you wait! I never had my order wrong. Very friendly and clean. 
The price is high so I usually spread out my visits which makes it more of a special treat.I love their burgers. They are delicious. Their fries are whatever to me; however, their burgers are so tasty. I always leave full and even if the line is long they get you your food pretty quick. Way better than going to a fast food place and not that much more expensive. I don't recommend going to often though cause you going to get big.This place was BANGINGGGG!! Shawty made my burger like spongebob when he vs king Neptune that burger was L-O-V-E!! I ordered a small fry and they filled a quarter of my bag with it. Extra salty fries went back to the counter feeling like my cholesterol intake spiked and asked for a water he said "drink on us." I was like OKAY I SEE YOU! Still got me a water and it tasted like it was imported straight from Antarctica, cold and so refreshing! Felt like Lebron James in a Gatorade commercial. 
Anyway highly recommend.Over hyped
Over priced
Under valued
So so burger
Super expensive
No cracks...naa meet
Gets dark early
HollaBad management no one is in charge everyone run around with chickens without heads and I'm messing with everyone's orders it shouldn't be a terrible expensive mistake so I need to do something better managementI almost rated a 4 for the $, but I received a good amount of food for the price paid.  The service was fast and the employees were courteous.  They were open during a snowstorm when everything else was closed.  I'm glad I chose this establishment instead.  The fries are to die for, and are fresh cooked, juicy, and the best I've had in a while.  The burger was a great size, and the mushrooms were juicy, and the cheese was melted perfectly on the burger.  Better than ANY faster-food establishment out there.  The only drawback was that there were bulk bags of fries sitting on the other side of the restaurant.  But perhaps they just received a shipment.  I asked for extra mayonnaise, and they gave me it free of charge with a smile.  I am not one to eat out often, but I definitely will choose this place over anything else the next time I venture out for fast food.Overhyped & below average
I was just diagnosed with celiac disease so I cannot eat breads, oats, rye, etc.   My boyfriend had a craving  for Five guys.  I checked their website and it said they had a gluten free alternative to the hamburger bun.  Surprised, we went on our way.  We got there and of course, no gluten free option.  So i had to eat mine out of tin foil.  
I may be part of the minority, but i didnt think this burger and fry joint was anything special.  The cashier was dumb, its extremely overpriced, they lied on their website, and it didnt taste any different from any other place.  
Nothing about this place was special.  Go to Nifty Fiftys instead!I know I'll be in the minority here but while Five Guys is better than average, the hype is a bit much.  
This new addition is close to home and thus I've visited on several occasions.  Each time the service has been worse and the wait time lengthened even though the crowds are smaller.  
While obviously the ingredients are good, insisting on cooking all the burgers to well done wrecks the meat.  It's a real shame because it could be the difference of a star on my rating alone.  Little burgers are one patty.  Standard burgers are 2.  
Fries are very good and plentiful.  A small can easily feed 2 and 3-4 can split a large.
Menu is limited but that's actually a good thing.  Five Guys focuses on what they do well and doesn't try to be everything to everyone.  
Overall a definite step up from the typical fast food options in the area but not even close to a In-and-Out or some of the other regional burger spots like Basically Burgers in Doylestown or even Sabrina's Cafe downtown.
Online ordering is a big plus and orders for multiple sandwiches are number coded for easy identification without have to unwrap them which makes a group order really easy.I like them better than In N Out burgers.  It's cheap, and you get a TON of options for toppings for your burger.  The junior burger is plenty for me, but the regular burger is a deal if you want a lot of burger for your buck.  
Their fries are fresh, handcut, and delicious.  So much better than In N Out.  If you want a good burger and want it cheap and fast, try Five Guys.  It's not as fast as McDonald's, since it is not frozen and is cooked to order.
You watch your food being cooked, and the place always seems pretty clean.
So yummy.i heard the hype about 5 guys,  and i first tried them in Baltimore.  they were ok there  when got to Philly they were worse.. overcooked tasteless burger
actually burger king is better
they do have more toppings & the peanuts. the fries weren't that great
my 10yo daughter and i decided....not againI originally liked this spot.  Thought it had a good fast food burger, but I've had some bad experiences with this place recently where I give it 2 stars now.
Burger is okay - a little on the greasy side.  I used to like the fries and the fact that you get an extra scoop, but they were too soggy.  
The peanuts are a nice touch as you wait for your burger and the fountain soda allows you to have tons of options.
Best options in the city for a burgerSometimes - check that, ALL the time - I wonder how on earth my bf stays so slim. Especially when I'll drag him out for an evening stroll and suddenly we end up picking up food for him. The boys metabolism is ridiculous. Like most men, he loves a good burger and yet had never been to Five Guys before. Some of our friends love the place and say it's the best of the fast food varieties out there. So while on a walk and heading back to our place his stomach starts making noise and he asks me if there's a Five Guys nearby. 
As he ordered a cheeseburger with regular fries (that I requested because YOU HAVE TO TRY EVERYTHING and one of my friends is obsessed with them), I observed the bare, cafeteria-like décor. I found the bowl of free peanuts and bags upon bags of potatoes an amusing component of the place; at first I thought the potatoes were charcoal since the bags are so similar, but 1) they use a griddle for the burgers and 2) those fries are clearly a mad popular menu item so they need those tons of Idahos. 
Let me tell you, he dug into that burger like it was a mini - I had barely sampled a few fries before I looked over and saw over half of it gone, and a content look on his face. He had to agree that it was a fine burger for a fast food place, but he wouldn't go out of his way for it (then again, he's quite the hoagie fan). The fries were tasty - that's what peanut oil is for - although you definitely need to eat them fresh because once they were room temperature they lost the crispiness. Glad we finally tried Five Guys out!My favorite burger place in center city.  I like to order ahead to beat the crowd. This place is always crowded. Atleast around lunchtime. When you pick up your order they shout your name and that you are here. I love that. It makes everybody else jealous that you are getting your food before them. Defintely try the cajun fries I prefer them over the regular fries. My only complaint is that a full meal with a drink is around 10 bucksMy son and I dined at 5 guys last night and it was awesome!!!! My son never been to 5 guys, but I was turned on to them when I was in Maryland for a Mother's Day getaway! The BEST bacon cheeseburger I've ever had! The fries were so good! I will be back!!!I do not eat beef. Therefore, five guys made me sad :(
not many options unless you get grilled cheese AND get lots of toppings AND put fries in your sandwich.  THEN maybe you got something substantial there.  I like their fries.  But otherwise, I get sad seeing no other options besides so much cow :(
They do have a mean kosher..hot dog?  hamburger?  i forgot what my kosher friend got?I think my opinion of Five Guys may be a bit distorted as I double parked on Chestnut Street to run in and pick up my pre order  and came away with a hefty ticket plus wound up on a segment of "Parking Wars". Thought I was OK by parking behind a UPS truck so it wouldn't be me blocking traffic, not in my wildest dreams did I consider that she was giving him a ticket as well. But on the phone I just ordered 10 burgers.  Cost me a lot more than I expected trying to be nice and treat the office till I realized that their regular is a double.. Kind of like at Starbucks where our Small is their Tall.  Marketing really is about convincing the masses that black is white.   Little shady there i think.  But you can't gauge a burger by a double, it s just a wrong sandwich.  So I took one patty out and it was OK and the fries were great, but I wouldn't drive out of the way for a Five Guys.  Nice try, but the sacks of potaoes in the window don't quite make it as marketing shtickI love Five Guys Burgers and Fries. Little hamburger is just the right portion, and the fries are always hot and overflowing. 
Can't beat a burger cooked to order. Messy, but not too messy. Always delicious. 
Sometimes the service is mediocre, and sometimes it's a little friendlier - I think it all depends on the time of day... Beware if you come too close to closing time - it starts to feel a little sketchy later at night.I like 5 guys, but they do vary. This one tends to be just okay. Pretty consistent burger and fries. The prices are a bit outrageous, but not in comparison to many of the other places of their sort.I like the online ordering system. I put in my order, skip the lines, go right to pickup, and bam, my order is ready!
Burger...very messy. I ordered the cheeseburger "all the way" with grilled jalapenos. The "all the way" consisted of ketchup, mayo, mustard, lettuce, pickles, tomatoes, mushrooms, and grilled onions. Wasn't the best burger I had at all, but it satisfies when I'm in a quick need of some red meat. The bread got very soggy by the time I got back to my office. It didn't hold up well, but was still edible. Probably the "all the way" put it over the egge. Also, I couldn't taste any spicyness from the grilled jalapenos I requested, so next time, I'll order just regular instead of grilled.
What I really enjoyed here were the fries. Fresh cut, comes fresh out the fryer, and salted perfectly. Mmm! I do wish they gave some ketchup with it though. I forgot to request it.
Will I be back? Sure! But not too soon though. Very greasy!since my last review ive been to another 5 guys and the burgers were tastier and fresher,  the fries are ok. i like the ice tea. I like that the burgers are fresh and not frozen patties.I would rather have char broiled than fried, but for a fried burger, its not too bad
I will returnPretty good burgers, lots of topping choices, and convenient location in center city. Got some of the cajun spiced fries, those were awesome, cooked perfectly and absolutely smothered in seasoning.
I recommend a bacon double cheeseburger, with pickles and ketchup, and some of those yummy fries!Being new in Philly I wanted to check this out as I was reading everywhere this is the place to go for tasty burgers - you indeed get that as well as tasty freedom fries served with malt vinegar (quite unusual in the US I believe...).  Staff was very friendly and access is easy if you come with a buggy - careful though, you can't change nappies there.Excellent burger and fries but the staff are rude and ignore you. I won't be back to this location.This is the worst grease hamburger I have ever had. I would rather a Burger King burger over this.  The peanuts are a nice touch and the fries are great but to say they have good burgers is a mistake.
First of all it takes two of the burgers to make a real sandwich then you have to add al the topping to get any flavor. The patties are smashed on a grill top and cooked way to much to the point they are crispy. They need to refocus on the meat and to steal a phrase where's the BEEF and flavor?Five Guys burgers are something like a little miracle. I've been to so many of them (Atlanta, Savannah, NYC...) but for some reason, the burgers are pretty much the same everywhere. And I find them perfect every single time.
On the bright side you could say that their burgers are amazingly juicy, on the other hand you'd probably note that they are dripping with fat. And here's where the miracle comes in - while most fast food burgers make my stomach feel heavy, even a small McDonald's hamburger, Five Guys burgers never do. The flavor and juiciness is exactly what I am coming for. If we go to an actual burger place (and that happens a lot), Five Guys would be the benchmark. If the "actual burger" doesn't compare, then it's not worth going back to.
Five Guys used to be the best burger you could get for 5$. Now it costs a bit more than that, but I still crave it whenever I pass its storefront.LOVE Five guys! It's the only place that has cheeseburgers with so much flavor! It's way better than the bland burgers served at the over priced Bobby's Burger palace on 39th and Walnut. They are very generous with french fries, one serving is good enough for two people. Also, all burgers are well done. I've gone mainly during lunch hour rush, and service is pretty good considering the long line. I think they've gotten the assembly line down pat.This is my first time trying it coz I heard so much about it and it was yummy but Ive got horrible tummy pain after eating!! Wasn't a good night at all :(Today was my second ever visit to Five Guys and it was certainly a step up from the first visit.  For all you Five Guy newbies out there - be advised that a regular burger (or cheeseburger, bacon burger or bacon cheeseburger) comes with TWO burger patties.  If you only want one, order the Little Burger.  
I felt rather brave and ravenous today, so I went with a regular cheeseburger with ketchup, lettuce, tomato, extra pickles and mustard.  They forgot the mustard, but I was ok with that.  A few bites in and the guilt set in, especially as I stared at the pile of fries also sitting in front of me.  The fries today were very fresh and not greasy, a major complaint I had from my first visit a few months back.  
Five Guys gets a bonus point for having malt vinegar readily available, but overall it was not a life changing experience.  They do make everything to order and you're allowed to have as many (or as few) toppings as you'd like.  Other than that, it wasn't all that memorable.Okay...so my  baby cousins LA LA ALA LOVE in & out. I mean they are obsessed when they come to visit us especially cause there's one down the street. My aunt and uncle said Five Guys was similar to in & out so we had to do the food challenge...first off we order 5 burgers, two orders of regular fries, order of cajun fries and two drinks for $60 bucks, which is outrageous compared to $2 quality burgers from in & out. Took a bit after having to order everything that you wanted on a burger...I think if you're going to pay $6.00 for a burger at a fast food joint...lettuce, tomato, mayo, etc should be the norm. Anyway, my cousin said remember what number you ordered on your burger cause they put a sticker on it...Lord, this is too much for a burger joint...long story short, no way near In & out. But I gave the extra star for the fresh cut fries!! the cajun ones are AMAZING. but thumbs way down!"Burger like it's your backyard."  That should their slogan.  Their burgers are awesome.  No gourmet Rouge stuff, no Kobe meat just plain awesome burgers.  
Get the boardwalk'ish fries and can you believe they have Malt Vinegar!  I can't say enough about them.  Except that maybe they're a bit slower than 'fast' food, but that's not a big deal.  Shell a few peanuts for yourself at a table while you wait for your number to be called, why don't ya.  Oh and ya, i get it, i get it....you're generous with the fries....got it.  How about some bigger 'fry containers?"  Instead of the dixie-cup-runeth-over-of-fries bag.Love the burgers, the wait is sometimes a little too long which causes me to eat my weight in peanuts before I get my food.  Not only are the burgers delicious, the fact that I can get almost anything (and any combination of anything) is icing on the cake.Good burgers for cheap, but I'll pay the extra 2 bucks for 500 Degrees any day.  4 stars for the juicy burgers, but I have to drop one star for a big error on their part.
Good(s):
Toppings galore
Burger has good flavor and fries are decent
Hot dog had a real nice sear which was surprising
Bad(s):
Burgers get messy in a hurry when you load up the toppings
Once I got a double to go, opened up the package at home and no patties!!!!!! -1 star.While i am not a burger fan, i am a french fan. Love the amount of fries they give and just enough salt to not make you super thirsty.Felt like I hadn't had a burger in a while, so I went down to Five Guys. This is the best burger you are gonna get for 5 bucks in the city. 2 juicy patty's is standard, as many toppings as you want for no extra charge, and fresh cut fries. 
Can't say anything bad about this place because they keep it simple and do it right.I have been to this location a few times now. For a burger place in the area, they are in the middle of the pack. They definitely don't beat out Shake Shack, which is only a few blocks away. They do always have tables available though, which I think is a byproduct of the location.
First, expect to have a homeless person asking you for money or SEPTA tokens on your way in and out. It seems to be a great area, like outside of McDonald's.
Second, expect mediocre service at the register. The last time I went, the guy was high as a kite and screwed up my order three times! Two burgers, two toppings each. That's how high he was. I thought he was going to fall asleep at the register. Despite my being nice to him, he still turned around to the line cook and blamed me for his mistakes. The time before that, the person got my order right, but was confused by a gift card, saying she didn't know how to charge it.
Importantly, the food is good. Is it the best burger in Philly? Not even close. Is it the best in a 5-10 minute radius walking? Nope. Is it easy to get to? Yes. When you walk in you notice all the "awards" on the wall but if you look closely you'll see only one is from the area.
I don't choose fast food often, because, well, let's face it. It's not as good and not as healthy. But, if I'm in a rush and don't mind the mediocre service, I'll settle for Five Guys or Wendy's. Wendy's does have the benefit of better service though.The fresh cut fries were super hot & fresh almost made to order it seemed. The hot dog I opted for was nothing special. I don't quite understand the hot greasy fries into a brown paper bag thing but then I do like the fact that an extra scoop of said fries were shoveled in. I will need to go back & try their burgers at some point.Great burger on a Sunday.  I did not absolutely love their french fries, but thought the burger was juicy, custom, and gorgeous.  
You basically order a hamburger, cheeseburger, and bacon cheeseburger; then add whatever custom toppings (mushrooms, mayo, ketchup, jalapenos, onions, and mustard).It was good. Definitely next time I will get one patty not two. I will try not to eat too many peanuts while waiting. I will try not to refill my swimming pool troth of diet coke and I will try not to eat all the fries and douse them with vinegar. Where I will get this self restraint? Please let me know where they sell such a trait.I don't know what the hype is all about. Tastes like a wendy's burger, not bad, but ridiculously priced. Good Dog, Rouge, Graces, Pub and Kitchen, all much better. Fries are good.I'm unsure how to rate these Five Gentlemen, especially because both locations are so close to my beloved 500 Degrees.
500 Degrees has the superior burger and fries, but Five Guys is cheaper and lets you order online if you want to minimize your human contact. So there's that. 
N.B.: You don't have a say in how the meat is cooked - they only do well done.
Bottom line: decent burger. Not the best around, but a solid option if you're looking for a quick, reasonably priced lunch.One word to describe five guys: It's the Bizarro In-N-Out (and if you say In-N-Out Burger you are not from Southern California - we never say the burger part).
Five guys is definitely the only place I would go for a fast food burger, I like the choice of ingredients and generally the burger is cooked well. The bun is a little squishy compared to the slightly toasted In-N-Out buns though.
Fries are so so. Regular fries are too salty...cajun are better.
Prices are ridiculously high for a fast food joint, and why don't they have meal deals?
Service is cool. I have noticed the guys are more competent than the girls at this location.
Five guys has the red and white decor of In-N-out, but definitely not the cleanliness.
I'm glad I'm leaving the bizarro In-N-Out for the original soon!Great burgers. I want one right NOW! The cajun fries are an excellent addition to the menu. I eat them with a fork and ketchup dip and it's like I exist outside of time and space until the last one is gone. I take my time eating my fries so the burger has time to marinate (the mayonnaise marries the cheese and peppers and the onions and by the time I get to it... it's a straight up orgy!). My dining experience here has become ritualistic. If I can form a ritual they must be doing something right.
Free refills FTW! Raspberry Nestea is imperative to my ritual... the way it counteracts the ketchup is much like when a kitten rolls on it's back and closes its eyes... COMPLETE HARMONY.Best burger chain out there. The burgers are tasty. The cajun fries really hit the spot too.  Be sure to check out the soda machine. Watch out around lunch time though the lines are insane.I don't understand what is so great about this place... the only reason why I ever went here was because I heard great reviews from everyone I knew. 
I went during the weekend, there was maybe 2 or 3 people ahead of me and it probably took me around 25 minutes to get my burger. I mean I'd assume you have the meat prepared and ready to get thrown on the grill, I didn't know you had to go and kill the cow...
Once I ate my burger, I was sick to my stomach. I knew it wasn't just me because the friend I went with also got sick. It basically ruined my day and made me feel miserable. 
Maybe I need to go back and try it one more time, but that first experience did not give me an invitation to return, sorry.On vacation and romping around town we were starving for something fun filled.  We got a tip stating that this joint holds a candle to our local establishment and almost a holy center in most cities with one In & Out.  
We ordered burgers, fries and drinks that I'll itemize as we go.  You have to order everything, as in...pickles yes, lettuce yes, tomatoes yes...SERIOUSLY!  I know it was probably done as a way to make the customer feel that it's made to order for them...but man $6.00...just put that shit on there and let someone tell you to not include it or let them have the satisfaction of throwing it at someone or something.
Sit down and enjoyed some free peanuts which is a really cool thing...but then the burgers came out with #'s and things got really confusing.  Just say the # of the order and give me the bag and no one will get hurt.
Burgers were good, but no where near In & Out...not in the same zip code, area code nor the same country.  The fries were phenominal though...natural cut and we ordered some with cajun seasoning which really spiced em up.  
Pretty cool place with some pretty tasty food in place but the low rating goes because it fails to stack up against the places in California!I wish this place had tofu burgersSometimes I wonder how life would be like if we exchanged American currency for Five Guys fries. I think I would be homeless, as I'd be constantly eating my own money. 
Their burgers are pretty tasty. A good filler for a In-And-Out burger craving. But the fries... the fries are amazing.The breakfast here is a little expensive but definitely worthy! Egg and cheese burger was delicious, and you can choose as many toppings as you want, and the quantity of fries was just enormous.Their Cajun fries are the best! Always freshly made and piping hot when you order! I always order a junior bacon cheeseburger, the regular sizes are huge. Good food, great price. What more could you ask for? Oh and its freshly made to order. The taste of the burger is up to you cuz you choose the toppings...Everyone here is always so nice. Very clean.  And of course banging burgers. I also noticed they added a new little fry option which is awesome because the regular could have feed me and am armyOn a recent Thursday between meetings I needed a quick bite. I was thinking Wendy's and lucky for me the line was crazy, I remembered Five Guys was around the corner. I quickly ordered, was very impressed same toppings I use at home (tomato, fried onion, cheese and BBQ sauce) perfect the wait was under 5 mins.
How do this guys do it? There is nothing special with any of the ingredients...The burger was one of the best ever. I am hooked!It is time for me to stop eating Five Guys Burgers.  They are SO GOOD!  I wish I was a vegetarian so that I wouldn't eat so many burgers.  I'm not sure of the exact chemical reaction that happens in the brain, but the endorphin release is insane after eating here.  It could cause an addiction.  That's why I will stop (tomorrow).This review is based on having a long history with Five Guys, since they started in Virginia. This would be 4 stars if it were my first experience here, but the ones in VA do it better. As in, unlimited peanuts, filling up your bag with fries (this location just gave me the paper cup's worth and a few extra), and better service. 
That being said, my Little Bacon Cheeseburger was delicious. They got my fry order wrong. Around noon, seating became a battle (I recommend sitting by the window in order to avoid being sideswiped by people in line), and a group of well-dressed office guys blocked the soda machine for entirely too long (can't a girl get a Diet Coke?). Avoid the lunch rush if possible, and try a Virginia location if you want your money's worth.This isn't my kind of place but we were on our way to the park with the dog and wanted something quick.  I read some of the reviews prior and thought that we should go for it.  I have to question some of the reviewers because the burger had no taste whatsoever even with all the toppings. Anything with that much grease should be loaded with flavor otherwise why eat it? The fries were ok but couldn't eat them after having instant heartburn from my first course.  I fumed the whole walk home thinking about all the other places to better spend the calories.Sometimes you get stuck in Center City. You are a bit hanged over sometimes, too. Sometimes still, the only thing that will suffice is a cheeseburger with lettuce, tomatoes, raw onions, jalapenos, ketchup, mustard and mayo. Sometimes it needs to be a double burger. For all those reasons, you go to five guys sometimes.
The burger is a bit sloppy, which makes it perfect hang over food. The choices of toppings are endless, though I've already revealed my hand here. Fries can be hit or miss, so I tend to skip them. Lines get long at lunch, so if you are hankering for a decent fast food sandwich, get there early.I love this place for the no frills basic menu and the awesome food that's made quickly to serve all the people who come through the door.  I first tried 5 Guys in Manhattan and loved it and I love this one even more because I don't have to wait in a crazy lunch hour line to get me a burger with fresh jalepenos, onions, sauteed mushrooms, fresh green bell peppers, tomatoes, lettuce, ketchup, and A1 sauce on the side.  I also love how they have fresh peanuts for you to serve yourself that you can munch on while your order is being prepared.  I always share an order of regular size fries since they just pour a giant handle-full into a paper bag (there's a paper cup in there somewhere).  The fries are always perfectly fried and delicious--crispy on the outside and plenty of hot potato on the inside.  There's fountain soda and iced tea, but I usually just opt for ice water.  
I've ordered these burgers to-go before and they hold pretty well (I'm not a big burger bun snob so the simpler the better--5 Guys uses a sesame bun).  The staff is always friendly and efficient, which is always important.  The burger isn't the juiciest burger you'll have in Philly but it's still really good and the burgers are very big and filling.  I love that they have a million toppings that you can add to your burger and that one of them is jalepenos!  Since you get so many fries, I usually opt for the smaller burger since the regular burger has 2 patties.  I have a theory that this place made goodburger go out of business since they were pretty close by to each other.I had a bacon cheeseburger and fries. The fries were pretty good and I did enjoy the burger but it definitely wasn't the best I've ever had. The people making the food were super nice though and kept checking for my order while I waited. I definitely recommend getting the little burger as the big one is two patties and is very filling and almost a bit hard to eat because it's so big. It's quick and relatively cheap but it's definitely not the best burger.So I've heard good things so I tried them out.. The staff.. Tybriah is her name.. Recommended me the double cheeseburger. She was even nice enough to give me her loads of fries to finish because she had too much! Her welcoming and inviting personality, warrants me to come back definitely come back. And the damn cheeseburger was too good to pass up. Especially with the GOLD PEAK machine.. I am SOLD! You guys HAVE to try them.. Or should I say you "five?"If you love burgers you have to try Five Guys!
Great burgers with lots of toppings at no extra charge.  The fries are cooked in Peanut Oil and they are really good, especially the cajun ones! The place is pretty simple.  Burgers are wrapped in foil, fries are put in a regular cup and everything goes in a brown paper bag! Simple but very tasty!  This is my favorite CC burger place!Absolutely overrated and overpriced!!! Their food is terrible! The burgers are so greasy and they fries are always soggy and never crispy! I don't think that it is worth the money for this burger and fries. If $10.00 is worth it to all these people spending that, then there is a problem. You can go to the market and buy some ground beef, and potatoes, and you have a better and cheaper meal!I try to limit my visits to Five Guys because I can literally feel my arteries clogging as I eat my wonderful little bacon cheeseburger ("little" meaning just one patty instead of Five Guys' standard two). 
The free peanuts are a plus, and the Cajun fries are the bomb dot com.For fast food, five guys is really good.  Very reasonably priced, yummy, fresh  burgers with very fresh toppings, and about as cheap as burger king.  Great fries too!
And despite that there is ALWAYS a line out the door, they move very fast, and get you in and out in no time.I see the appeal of this place but I suggest it only if:
a.) you are trying to gain weight as quickly as possible and drinking bacon shakes just isn't cutting it
b.) you are immortal and your arteries have some sort of self-clearing system
or 
c.) you love punishment
Seriously, I ate here and the next day felt hung over from my body having to process all the grease.  The service wasn't all that great either, even by Philly food service standards.  Don't get me wrong, it was an indulgence and kind of a tasty one at that but I don't think I could eat the food again knowing that the next day I'll feel sick.I love going to this place for lunch. Getting a meaty and juicy burger with unlimited toppings is awesome. Getting basically a bag full of fries is also a plus, and that is a regular size. I also enjoy munching on the free peanuts before I get my order. This is hand downs one of my favorite places to get a burger.I like when my burgers have a thicker meat, but the sandwich here was very good. The bacon bits were perfectly toasted and you get to choose from a bunch of toppings. The fries are awesome, clearly made fresh, not the frozen thing you get in most places. Overall a very good burger.Five Guys is always great for fast food style burgers and delicious hand-cut fries.
The free peanuts are great to snack on while your order is prepared. Since everything is made to order you usually wait about 5 minutes. Just enough time to pick a table, fill your cup with soda, get any condiments you like and eat some peanuts.
Basic toppings (i.e., veggies and sauces) are included in the price. Personally, I usually get grilled onions, L, T, mayo, and ketchup on a cheeseburger. Now when 5 guys says cheeseburger they actually mean double cheeseburger. If you want a single (and why would you) you have to order the little cheeseburger. Love it.
The fries are probably the best part. Hand cut and golden brown. They pour so many in the bag that 1 order is plenty for two people.
The place is generally crowded, but they do a decent enough job of making sure everything stays clean. There's usually 1 person walking around and wiping down tables and cleaning up. Don't be surprised if the place is a bit messy when it's packed though.
Overall, one of the best fast food style burgers in Philly and definitely a direct competitor to Nifty Fifty's burgers.So I was out kicking it in P_H_I_L_L_Y ..PA period... N I was starting to get hungry ...So I stopped into 5 Guys..this was my first time there..I've passed it about a million times and it always looked crowded .. And I was never drunk enough to wait that long for food (I'm hysterically impatient sober)but this time it was virtually empty .. Especially since it was like lunch time .. So I go right in an order .. Regular bacon with ketchup n grilled onions n lettuce and a large order of fries .. I walk over to where u pick up the food an with me being the only person who just ordered food I quickly saw my burger made n wrapped... It got put in a bag .. An there it sat.. The girl who put my burger in my bag didn't get my fries or nothin.. She just put it in the bag.. (Didn't make it .. Didn't wrap it or nothin) so I'm thinking .."Is this your only job.. U just place the burger in the bag.. Not the fries ..." My bag just sat by the fries for like 3 mins ... N this hooker..I'm sorry this is somebodys daughter I shouldn't talk like that ..This HOE walks away... At this point I'm boiling but I'm like "chill this may not even be your bag ... Let's calm down .. Let's not overreact ..try not to spaz" so my bag.. Is still waiting ..workers are talkin .. Some skinny fool behind the counter is crackin jokes not doing nothin n actin silly.. By this time 2 other people have come in ordered and are also getting impatient... An for 5 more mins I wait..finally one of the other girls decides there's work to be done n looks inside my bag... Sees there's no fries ...an gets confused .. "What order is this " (14 says so on the bag) ..looks at another bag " where's the burger for 14 " reffering to the bag she just looked at which is another order n not mines ..the guy that was actin a fool had to come over n help her figure out this great mystery ..and after some deliberation they finally figure out the bag with the burger was order 14 n it needed fries...like really ..is fast food THAT hard.. I order fries n a burger not the theory of relativity..I'm trying not to spaz ..I'm like chill you got warrants ..pulling some girl by her weave n telling her "if you don't hurry up n gimme my food. So I can go -m gonna dip you both in that hot grease " is not the best way to kick off ur friday afternoon.. Cops will be involved ..people will be frightened ..I'm just tryna eat ..I'm hungry ..They FINALLY hand me my bag with all my food in it and I roll.. It took them almost a half hour ..a HALF HOUR..I was hot.. The burger was ok.. Well ill say pretty decent n so where the fries ..they were actually pretty good ... But never again..Never again...I've been to a number of Five Guys a number of times from Philly to Maryland.  I'm sitting here asking myself WHY and I just can't come up with an answer.  I think the experience itself interesting so I can't suggest you avoid Five Guys, everyone should try it at least once.  Part of the experience is creating your personalized sandwich, there are a bunch of toppings you can choose from so you could probably eat a burger everyday for a year and never have the same one twice.  
So here's the deal, their cheeseburger is actually two little slabs of (never frozen) ground beef, the little cheeseburger is a single pattie o' beef.  It's a cheap marketing ploy to make you spend more money because although the little cheeseburger is more than enough for you (especially if you get the fries) there's just nothing manly about "can I please have a little cheeseburger?"  Once you've concocted your perfect ground beef sandwich you have a choice between regular fries or large fries.  Here's where you should take my experience to the bank - never order the large unless you want to split them with 3 people. Five Guys will put your sandwich and a frie-filled16oz styrofoam cup in the bag and then take another 16oz cup of fries and throw them on top of your order in the bag.  It's crazy.  You're then left with a greasy paper bag so be sure to bring a plastic bag if you have any respect for your passenger seat (or passenger) if you have an order to go.  
So is the stuff any good?  meh.  I know people who SWEAR by this crap.  Seriously, I was working downtown all week with a guy who went three days in a row!  My hypothesis is that what seems to make the Five Guys burger appear to be delicious and tasty is the fact that they steam their buns a bit before assembling the Yugo you are about to ingest.  As someone else commented, if you just try the beef alone you'll see that there's no taste to it what so ever.  The fries on the other hand, they're not too bad.  
FG's also has a few other options like a grilled cheese and a hot dog and hot dog with bacon I think.  The hot dog's ok but seems greasier than the burger so for me one was more than enough.  I think I had a grilled cheese once and it came on the same bun as the burger.  Not half bad actually.
If they were open 24 hours THIS is the first place I would go after a long night drinking on the town!!
I've read that there's a new burger joint down the street (17th?) called Good Burger out of NYC and they have a wider variety of food and they have beer as well.Burgers are ok.  Cheese doesn't melt though. 
Nice array of toppings available. 
Good ordering system where you can see what is being put on the order.
Fries were flabby - and it was 6PM with a long line of customers moving through. No excuse for a big pile of fries to be in the bin getting stale.
A gang of about 20 teens were on the corner and a cop made them disperse. They came into Five Guys. They were loud and boisterous. I mean really loud. Often they held the door open (to make the dining area nice and cold?). They didn't buy anything and the staff did nothing to help the situation. It was only when another group came by outside that they left. They made this an unpleasant experience.These are the best burgers around! Fries are delish and the quality of their food is great. I love the fact that you can put as many toppings as you want. Reminds me of Buddy's Burgers in West Chester, PA and Cheeburger, Cheeburger in Tempe, AZ. 
Can't wait to get back to Philly to have some 5 Guys!WHAT? THSI IS THEBEST BURGERS!! I always call on my way and have that jawn waiting when I get there. Try that out. Actually, I eat the I one ordered and order another. LOVE THIS STUFFThey get 3.5 stars, really.
I think the burgers are a lot like Wendy's, honestly. The differences are that they are the bit thicker, they toast the bun and you get more topping options. But the quality and flavor is similar, which is not a complaint because I do like Wendy's on occasion. But honestly, these could never be 5-star burgers because they are all cooked well done. I like mine still bleeding and, if possible, still mooing and I'm willing to accept the possibility of food poisoning.
Last time they forgot the cheese on my little cheeseburger with everything. But they usually get it right if you don't order with a big group of people. 
The fries are pretty good, definitely fresh and greasy. I like the cajun ones the best. 
The burger buns have a weird chemical flavor that I do not like. That is probably my biggest complaint other than the fact that they are overcooked. 
Still, it is very cheap, especially since the last local "gastropub" burger I had was $11.I don't eat Beef but I do like their veggie cheese sandwich! Love their Cajun fries... Very oily... But worth it!I find the burgers are reasonably delicious, and the multi-topping option is nice, but I mainly stop by for excellent french fries to go- usually burning hot fresh from the deep fryer. 
I don't always like to eat inside the restaurant b/c the fry oil sometimes seems to hang in the air at the end of the day, and if I stay inside for too long, I am faintly hamburger scented after leaving the restaurant.  This could be a plus or minus, depending on your attitude or if you have a pet.If I'm going to Five Guys, I'm going for the variety of toppings.  I've been to handful of locations and all have been good, but this one is the exception.  I ordered a hamburger with pickles, lettuce, grilled onions, mustard, fresh jalapeños, grilled peppers and hot sauce.  What I got was a burger with pickles, lettuce and mustard.
I was already 3 bites in when I realized it.  Too late for me to correct this burger, and it'd be too long to make my friends wait if I were to ask the staff to make me another.
Mistakes are mistakes, but missing more than 1/2 the ingredients is just someone not caring, and the store not having someone checking that the orders are being filled correctly.  At $8.62 for a basic burger and a drink, I expect a little more attention to detail than I'd get at McDonald's.
I will never return to this location, and when choosing to eat fast food in Philly or elsewhere, I will choose a chain that is more consistent and caring.The In-N-Out of the Eastcoast  (and a completely different kind of burger, too!)
It's better than 500 Degrees, not as good as Shake Shack. 
A word of advice: a single is enough, especially with bacon and fries. No need to go overboard.
Another benefit is that the food is as good at all the Five Guys joints--a consistently great burger is hard to find.  Five Guys makes it easy and delivious.I had a hankering for a Five Guys burger the other day and as soon as I scarfed it down, I was in a state of deep regret. 
Okay, I like Five Guys. I think their food is better than most fast food places. The burgers always taste decent (though somewhat sloppily thrown together at times), the toppings are free and they give enough fries for you and a friend to share (they're pretty filling--seriously, a handful of those and I'm spent). But less than five minutes after eating this crap, I still get that ew-gross-I-just-ate-fast-food-and-it's-sitting-like-a-hunk-of-clay-in-my-stomach feeling. I've yet to meet a fast food meal that doesn't make me feel like poo afterward, no exception here.
For that, I can't give any fast food place (unless they serve some bombdiggity fries a la the Girard McDonald's) more than three stars. I will say though, Five Guys is definitely better than any Wendy's or Burger King (gross!) in the city. And this location is always pretty clean. That helps.Been here twice now with my Husband,on the first visit we made the mistake of ordering a normal size burger for myself,way too much for me to eat,as for the huge portion of fries,I felt fit to burst. On our second visit I ordered the childs burger,pretty damn good. Will be back for my fat fill real soon.Five guys like any other, but with a nice amount of seating and good service. If you're ordering fries, make sure you only get a small! (You will NEVER finish a large!)Great food and service. I lost my backpack and they protected it for for me.  They serve breakfast here too.A nice good hang out spot for lunch, but the calories are a heart attack away lol. The cheese should also be melted into the burger and i didn't like my soggy bread :-(Didn't get a chance to get the burger, but the fries rocked!
Or maybe I was just really hungry.I like Five Guys. I used to love them a few years ago; they were definitely my "go to" when I craved a burger. I don't know if my taste buds have changed or what, but their burgers don't satisfy me like they used to. Five Guys fries, however, are fantastic. I like how they're freshly cut like my grandma used to make them. 
The toppings for their burgers and hotdogs are always fresh, and there are a lot to choose from. The free roasted peanuts are a nice touch, and are great to have while you're waiting on your food. Speaking of their hot dogs, I think they are really good for a burger place.Five Guys has new chairs. The old wooden ones seemed very flimsy and I never liked them. Well the new chairs look pretty much the same, but they are wood coated metal chairs. I bumped into a chair and heard the clink. At first I didn't get it. Anyway, it's a good idea.I can easily compare this place with In & Out back in California but I'm not going to. I actually like this place more. Even though it is a little pricey just for fast food burger and friends it was nice to sit in a place that offered free peanuts while you wait. I simply ordered a bacon cheeseburger along with fries to go and man I was surprised to see so much food. Not only did I get a nice hot burger but they gave a generous helping of fries also. It's a very solid place to go if your hungry.Best fries in the game, no competition. Burgers are also really good but the grilled cheese was... odd.Being from California and eating Five Guys for the first time, I was pleasantly surprised.
I enjoyed the customizable burgers.  I plopped mine with lettuce, tomato, mushrooms, grilled onions, and jalapenos.
The things I liked: The menu listed the calories right next to the item (woo 800+ calories for a cheeseburger).  The free peanuts you can snack on while waiting for your order.  
I wish the cheese was melted onto the burger.  I didn't get the chance to try the fries but the Cajun spiced fries seem good and I will definitely try them next time.  Overall taste was good and I can see why people have the whole debate with Five Guys and In and Out.  
My conclusion is both places have their strengths, and they're two different types of burgers.  I would give this place 4 stars but $5.59 for a cheeseburger?  That's not including a drink or fries (I had water).Simple order: hamburger with ketchup, lettuce, onions, tomatoes with an order of fries to go. Got to my hotel, hamburger with MAYO, ketchup, lettuce..... NO ONIONS, NO TOMATO.  REALLY? Lots of other burger options in area....... go there!