If you would like a cran and vodka don't go here. It will be very dark. When you ask for it to be corrected the blonde and the brunette bartender will tell you to fuck off. Great neighborhood bar.Worst service I've ever experienced! We came here on Sunday afternoon, and it took 5 minutes for the hostess to seat us, despite plenty of open tables. After sitting for 15 minutes without a server, we left. His place should be on Bar Rescue!The food is fine, what I would expect at this type of place. We've been several times now, and the wait times are very long. Complained to management about the slow service, and they responded very unprofessionally. 
On the plus side, the space is really nice. Hoping a better restaurant moves in soon!This place's approval rating might be lower than Donald Trump's right now ..... and that's saying something. 
We waited one hour's time from placing our order before we decided to pay for our beers and leave. I have NEVER done that before. 
It's somewhat mind blowing that one of the coolest places (aesthetically speaking) can be doing so poorly. The carpet does NOT match the drapes. 
Oh .... also, this is my second visit there for food and drinks. It's also the second time that I've waited more than 40 minutes for food. 
In all sincerity... I want this place to do well. It is currently a hot mess.American Tripple & Chocolate Stout are my favorite. Wings and cheesesteak are the best in Philly! Relaxed atmosphere and friendly staffPlace is awesome, best pretzels ever, Great beer selection, fantastic service and good people. Will definitely make this my go to spot in the future!I really want to give 3.5, and this place has a lot of potential for more.
As others have said, the space is great in size and the beer is super too! 
I've been twice now- once for brunch and once for dinner. My burger for dinner was pretty fantastic, while my husbands turkey burger was only just ok. 
For brunch, the menu is extensive- and lots of variety (as long as you aren't vegetarian or vegan). We had egg bowls, chicken and waffles, a bowl of bacon, bloody Mary's and more! All pretty good if not great.
There's just been a few misses here and there- the music is so freakin loud, we had to ask repeatedly for a beer list (seriously? This is a brewery...), the menu is large in physical size which is just super awkward, and service leaves me wanting more on many occasions.
The good thing is- although the servers tend to not know much about specifics- they are super friendly and willing to find out for you. Also, when it was too loud they were willing to turn the music down and/or move us. I just wish we hadn't always had to ask and they better anticipated needs.
Overall, with a little more training of staff and a little refining- I think this place will be great. I'll definitely head back for big groups, with families, for brunch, for good beer.If youre making a round of Philadelphian craft houses you may as well skip Flying Fish. I'll admit that the beer is great and they have wonderful selection of all your drunk cravings. But this might just be a little too much.
Maybe we came too soon. The service was impersonal and the people were actually a bit uptight. We ended up getting a couple beers along with the flying house taster which is five beers paired with five foods. It was cool, but I wouldn't recommend it to the next guy. 
Pros: The place has a great open atmosphere. To be for sure.
Cons: expensive, also wait staffNegative stars. Worst service ever. You can get Flying Fish beers anywhere. Don't waste your time going here to try to get food and a good drink. We waited over 1.5 hours for brunch food--brunch food! It's literally eggs and potatoes. How hard can it be to get such items on a plate??? And you don't have enough menus printed? Work on the kitchen service folks. You're not going to compete in a place like Philly if you keep it up.Brunch was great- delicious omelette (I had the veggie)- it was really really good. Bloody Mary bar with the works. Staff is very nice. The place is very hip and cool. I will be back.This is one of the coolest spaces in the neighborhood, so it's really a shame the service is so bad and the food so unremarkable. No matter how busy they are, it takes what seems like forever for everything: getting seated, getting drink orders, food arriving. The staff seems to disappear for long stretches at a time if you are seated in the lower section. And don't share your criticisms on twitter, or the owner will come out and personally yell in your face in front of his whole restaurant.The atmosphere, the food, the beer, and the staff are all on point. Got a chance to check it out opening weekend. Blown away by the service and how quickly everything came out. The food was great. We started with some apps...the Hot Spain Wings, Poutine, charcutterie board and calamari. Everything was great. The Poutine and wings were my favorite. The calamari was cooked perfectly.  We tried the crispy chicken sandwich, the brisket and the Here Piggy Piggy burger. I'd get both again. The pizza was spot on and just the right size. We had the Kennet one, mushrooms and goat cheese.  We also had a salad. We ordered the large. It was huge but I forget what the salad was called. All the sandwiches came with beer chips. Nice thick cut house made potato chips! They were soooo good. My favorite item.though was the smoked fennel slaw, I could eat that every day! 
The tables were comfortable. We sat in the beer garden area, I don't normally like benches/seats with out backs but I sat there for two.hours and was comfortable the whole time. The decor was great. Very appropriate for the space and the neighborhood. Loved the large mirror and lights in the bathroom. 
I can't wait to go back and try more.Really was hoping this place was going to be good. The atmosphere inside is great, however the staff isn't friendly and every time we have tried it they have messed our order up. Sadly, because of a bad experience with the staff we will not be going back and we will not be recommending it to anyone. Customer service goes a long way in the service industry.  Not to mention the food isn't even close to being decent.As a Brewerytown resident, I was watching with interest as Flying Fish Crafthouse was under construction. It would have been great to have a good place to hang out and eat just across the street, but it turned out to be a great disappointment. I went a handful of times to give it a chance, but each visit just re-confirmed my initial negative experience. The food is mediocre at best and really inconsistent across the board. For example, I tried the chicken and waffles for brunch and thought it was okay. Large portions, not bad. The second time I had it, the waffles were overcooked and hard. 
Service is also inconsistent. Some servers are super nice, but others were either rude or indifferent. I disagree with one of the previous reviews that expectations should be lowered because of some generational eccentricities. The restaurant should set the tone and enforce quality standards. I also disagree that it's okay to lower expectations because it's in Brewerytown and not Manhattan or Center City. I don't think it's unreasonable to expect good food and service consistently when you go out to eat. 
There's a lot of potential here, and I really hope that they can get their difficulties sorted out.Food very tasty, loved the brew flight sampler. Lively atmosphere, good service. Would give 5 stars but the overbearing 70's elevator rock'n'roll music harshed my vibe.So, I will first start with the fact that I am not a yelp review type of person. But, my visit here was concerning enough that I feel the need to share.  Especially, for the Flying Fish name and for the sake of the business. 
The Flying Fish Crafthouse was being managed and run in such utter chaos.  They lacked staff and more then that they lacked experienced staff and managers. The kitchen and staff could not keep up with the volume of customers.  It was so bad to the point that there were children (assuming a manager or owners children) under the legal working age carrying out plates and clearing tables with full beers being carried away. Anybody with knowledge of the food and beverage industry would know that the LCB and Department of Labor would have had a field day if they were witness to this. So, with that being said; get your self some experienced managers who would know that this was illegal and would have said no way to operating like that. The way this business operates is in serious need of restructure or they won't have to worry about a heavy volume of customers to handle.American Tripple & Chocolate Stout beer are my favorite. Wings and cheesesteak are the best in Philly! Relaxed atmosphere and friendly staff. It's a large space that's great for parties or events.I really like this place. Food and service is great. My only knock....calling things "Duffified" seems more like stroking the ego of the chef and just a little too gimmicky. No solid chef I've even encountered has not had a ego but they've never taken it that far. It's the culinary equivalent of a Napoleon complex.Our first of many visits.  Loved the atmosphere and the She's Crafty burger was the best.  We had Colleen as our server.  She was super friendly and very knowledgeable on the food & drink offerings.On a recent trip to Philly, I stumbled across this awesome Restaurant and Pub! I was looking for a great place to have a beer, meet some friends, and listen to some music! Once I walked in, I found the ambiance very inviting. From the cool lamps, industrial look, and people laughing and hanging out, I knew I was in the right place.
We were instantly greeted by staff, sat at these awesome long Picnic Tables, and started to look over the menu! I was in the mood for a great beer, and came across the Duffified Ale. The wait staff came quick, grabbed our beer order, and once she returned, we were able to order some appetizers! The music was great, as well as the atmosphere!
I ordered the Pretzels, Wings, and Charcuterie & Cheese for our table and we were pleasantly surprised from the portions, quick service, as well as the quality of product! Beers were flowing and we had a great time!
The only reason why this isn't a 5 star is perhaps the music may be too loud for a private conversation, but we were there with friends, and laughter and having a great time took over any private conversation! 
Go to the CraftHouse, grab a beer, and have a great time! Next time I am in Philly, I am coming back for the Veggies Philly CheeseSteak or one of their pizzas!The biggest flaw with this establishment is the service. They have several people doing jobs they're not normally assigned to so it takes a while to get food or a drink. The food preparation is also not great since they didnt make my pulled pork sandwich the same way as the sliders. Also, they said that since they ran out of the seafood dish, they replaced it with pork. My friend doesnt even eat meat. Who does that! Giving out gift cards to make up for their mistakes can only go so far. We only went there bc my friend had won a happy hour there. Needless to say, we will not be going back. Beware the free happy hour!Popped in for an early dinner after spending the afternoon at the Camden Adventure Aquarium, and couldn't have had a better time. Industrial and open setting with plenty of space and a super friendly staff. We were seated right away and both our waitress and the guy she was training were excellent. Menu was excellent pub fare, tap list was extensive and kids and dessert menu had lots of choices. I started with the crafthouse lager, which was a perfect starter. My wife had the porter, which was also very nice. There was a wing special so we got five wings for $5, along with the poutine appetizer. Wings were great and would have happily had another five. Poutine was good, no complaints. I went with the crispy chicken sandwich, which was delicious. Big portion, served with house made chips. I also had the maibock, which was a great take on the traditional style, and then asked for a recommendation. Neither of the brews they brought me were even on the menu yet. One was a Blueberry Braggot barleywine-style mead that was super strong, and the other was a Jersey Juice IPA, which was more appropriate to finish off the meal. My daughter loved the kids pizza, and as a treat for her birthday they brought us a huge sampler of desserts - chocolate cake, whipped cream, berries and cookies. So nice of them! Really made it special for her, and for all of us. I am excited to get back there and have an evening. Brewerytown is a cool spot, and this is an excellent place to check out. Thanks for a great time!i'll be back after things calm down and they work out their kinks, but boy do they have a lot to work out. service is SLOW / nonexistent / clueless. and the food might have been decent if it weren't for all the salt and wasn't sitting in the window for 45 mins after being ready. shame b/c the space is great and menu *seems* good. hopefully they execute as well as advertised in the not-too-distant future.Went here after the Eagles Parade as soon as they opened. So there was a quite a wait for food and service, but I was ok with that because the manager Came over and asked us to be patient as they weren't used to such a large crowd. Ok I appreciate that so I ordered the brisket sandwich with a side of coleslaw and my friends ordered the wings, cheesesteak rolls and chicken fingers. So the cheesesteak rolls were good, the brisket a little dry, the rest of our food was unnecessarily spicy and just ok. Like spicy coleslaw??? Why? I feel like a few minor tweaks would make the food here amazing. Oh yeah I had a bit your mothers iced tea here for the first time and it was really good.I wish I could give a positive review for this place. We attempted to go for any early dinner this past Saturday. Upon arrival we were told that they were closed for a private function/wedding. I understand that these things happen, I just wish they would have put it on Facebook or their website. We drove 35 minutes for nothing...So my husband and I went here recently for a friend's birthday gathering.  The staff seemed very friendly and attentive at first, and took everyone's drink orders to start almost right away when we sat down.  After that I would say it was about a good 15 minutes before they came back to us to see if we were ready to order.  Mind you this was not a very busy day at all for a Saturday.  Most tables were empty.  There were 16 of us and we had 3 or even 4 waiters assigned to our group.  Their attentiveness only got worse from here.
Once we placed our orders for our appetizers and entrees, it was over an hour before we actually received our food.  I personally ordered the fun guy which is a burger with portabella mushroom, truffled goat cheese and crispy shiitake.  I never thought of putting goat cheese in a burger but it was very well done.  The portion size was generous.  Fries were ok at best, I ordered a side of ranch to go with them, and even though I had asked them for it three times, I'm still waiting for it....  I also ordered a coke.... and that never came either.  
Other friends of ours in our party were having similar problems getting attention from the waitstaff either taking too long to fulfill their request, or seemingly ignoring them completely.  The staff was still nice, but we got the feeling they just didn't care.  What could have been a very enjoyable outing with my friends to celebrate a birthday became quite an inconvenience for  just about everyone in our party.  I don't consider myself hard to please when it comes to service in a restaurant, and I'm very laid back.  But for the type of service we received when the place was mostly empty was pretty disappointing because we were very excited to try Flying Fish Crafthouse.  Also a shame because some members of our group traveled up to the area just for the occasion.
I most likely will not be coming back here by choice unless it is for another friend's gathering, however if it were any of my friends that came this time around, it's safe to say they won't be coming back by choice either.  We recently found out that chef Brian Duffy is no longer associating himself with this restaurant, whether or not that makes things better or worse here in the future remains to be seen.So we are locals and have been eager for this place to open. We have been several times and were underwhelmed by mediocre food and warm beer with only two specials (all the others are available by 6 pack elsewhere). But tonight we went for a dinner and drink (trying to support our local businesses) but apparently it was industry night which meant music played at a decibel which required shouting.  I was trying to support my local business but I have no interest in a bar where I cannot talk to my guests-otherwise I would go to a club. I spoke to a manager who was unapologetic and told me that industry night meant this decibel of music (which is not the case at other bars who usually use that night to discount industry workers).  I am so sad that a local place has such a rude manager and no apology for local patrons who honestly wanted your place to succeed. You have lost me as a customer mostly due to the rude managerial staff who clearly have no understanding of what this neighborhood wants. I now will no longer eat your dry flatbread and overall poor cuisine.another new joint in brewerytown (hell, philadelphia) with little to offer the vegetarian but lame starches and salads.  have these places never heard of tofu?!This place still sucks! Went last night for a beer and to watch the end of the NBA finals. As we sit we are told there is no CO2 for the draft system and the kitchen is closed. Great... the staff couldn't wait for wait the game to be over to close as discussed at length in front of us. We get our check and they charged us full price for the 4 beers. Seriously? Your draft system isn't functioning and you can't throw in a free beer? Woof. Never going back again.Don't get the chop chop salad. It's literally a bowl full of iceburg and romain lettuce with a bit of vinaigrette. Waste of $15.When FF Crafthouse opened in December, those of us living in the neighborhood were so excited. This was a good brewery opening in a beautiful space. A few of us went the first weekend it opened. We waited more than 40 minutes for the appetizer and more than an hour for our main courses. It was pretty busy and it was the first weekend so we cut them a lot of slack.
I've been back three times since then. Only one of those times did the food come out in under 40 minutes, and during none of those experiences was the restaurant packed. A small detail that shows the lack of attention to detail by FF Crafthouse: every time we were there, they didn't have enough menus for the amount of people in our party. And again, it was never close to full. That's a very small thing, but these menus are paper - how hard is it to make sure you have enough for all the seats at the restaurant?
Onto last night's visit. We ordered our food and we waited more than 40 minutes for it to come. Here's how you know it was taking a while - our server came up to us and apologized multiple times for the wait. It should also be noted that our server was great and we had zero problems with her. During our wait, one friend tweeted that he was frustrated about the long wait. Another friend asked our server if she could speak to the manager to let the manager know that the long waits were a trend.
Once we got our food, my friend was given the wrong meal (a fish sandwich instead of a chicken sandwich) and tweeted that he was frustrated and that he'd continue bashing FF Crafthouse for their poor service. He never actually tweeted anything else while we were eating.
Then the manager came over to speak to my other friend, who very calmly explained that the long waits are an issue there and that we want to come back because we live in the neighborhood, but need the service to be better. The manager told her we hadn't really waited all that long and basically told us we were wrong to complain. Because we all had our meals and just wanted to eat, we moved on and would probably have come back at some point in the future despite the poor service and manager not being helpful.
Then, as we're about to ask for our check, out of the corner of my eye, I see someone - Brian Duffy - storm up to our table and slam his business card down next to one of my friends. In the moment, I thought he was going to apologize for the poor service. Instead, he starts yelling at my friend, saying something along the lines of: "If you're going to bash my restaurant on Twitter, you can leave right now and never come back." That friend hadn't been on Twitter at all.
My other friend pipes up and let's Duffy know that he has the wrong guy. So Duffy picks up his card, goes around the table, slams down the card, and starts yelling at him. At no point does he ask us questions about our experience. He just kept yelling at my friend and at the rest of us to be quiet when we tried to explain. He said that we need to pay our bill and get out.
Not having any interest in staying, we said sure. So he brings us our bill. Then as the 6 of us are trying to figure out who owes how much, he storms back over and yells at us for taking too long with the check. He says he wants us to just pay and get out because we're not welcome there. We try to explain that we're attempting to do that, but he interrupted us by coming back to yell at us. If it wasn't for not wanting to stiff our server, we would have just left without paying the bill.
Then he comes back over with our bill and says: "I apologize for the bad service - I've opened 83 restaurants and customer service is very important to me." To say you value good customer service after that display was galling.
Here's the kicker - he didn't even know we had spoken to the manager and received poor service from her. He had seen my friend's tweets and come storming over to the person he thought was him (wrong guy) and just started yelling without knowing anything about the situation. So after we told him about the manager, he said he'd talk to her, as if she was the biggest issue. He also kept saying phrases like: "your boy needs to grow bigger balls and come talk to me face-to-face". So you can probably ascertain the type of guy we're dealing with here.
He later tweeted at my friend both from his personal account and the FF Crafthouse account. From the FF Crafthouse account, he said that it's okay because my friend clearly has no influence. When my friend pointed out that he has more than 1K followers on Twitter and the Crafthouse has like 200, they deleted that tweet.
It was the most unprofessional customer service I've ever received.The beer was good, the food was terrible. Somehow the restaurant messed up a Cobb salad with chicken. The dressing was very bland, the chicken was fatty (how, I don't know) and they forgot the bacon for the salad. They also forgot the extra side of dressing I asked for. My first time there and probably my last time to eat there. I would have a drink there again, even though they were out of the first beer I asked for. This was a totally unfulfilling experience.Ugh...what a disappointment! We think the pizza is made elsewhere and then heated up in the microwave. There is no other way to describe the consistency. The fries were okay, our server was very attentive, and my moscow mule was spot on. But you can get a good cocktail practically anywhere in the city. We were excited to find a new (huge) place within walking distance but we won't be returning.As a  Brewerytown resident, I was excited by the prospects of a new neighborhood restaurant. I am back to square one. 
My husband and I ordered fries to accompany our beer--they arrived cold. Our waitress put in the order again--we received fries that hard as nails. I am pretty sure they double fried our original order. The manager came to our table to "rectify" the order--but failed to apologize.
We'll be returning to  Crime & Punishment for our weekly rounds.The poutine and tangy wings made for the best post-hot day bike ride from our tour of the Franklin Institute. If you're going to be in Brewerytown, why not actually visit a brewery? The IPA, Pilsner, Maibock, and session IPA were all very drinkable. The bar staff were accommodating and even found me a phone charger. 12/10 would visit againCan someone please call Jon Taffer?? Cuz this place needs a Bar Rescue. 
On first observation, the place is huge, with 3 bars and 2 floors of seating. 
Since this bar is right across the street from my friend's new house, we decided to check it out for Sunday Brunch. We were seated promptly at a table on the second floor.
This is where things get weird. Our server asked if it was our first time here & we replied yes. She then babbled some quick Wikipedia facts about the history of Brewerytown and then placed a red napkin on our table with a business card. Not sure what we would do with that except have a direct number for complaints.
We then decided to check out the build your own bloody Mary bar. This was decent, but I felt like there could be more fresh garnishes or maybe a variety of mixes. 
Now onto food: the menu boasts a variety of items that are "Duffified".  (A play on the last name of the chef, Brian Duffy)To me, this counteracts with the Flying Fish theme of the crafthouse & doesn't really help since the food was terrible.
My fiance had the green eggs and ham omelette. The eggs were so spongy, it seemed like they had microwaved them. The ham was basic lunch meat. We expected more from a chef who built his fame on helping bars improve their cuisine.
There is a clear disconnect between the Flying Fish branding around the bar area to the "Duffified" branding of the food menu. It gives the place a confusing vibe.
My friend and I had the avocado toast which was better but could have used some cheese. The side of "heirloom tomato" salad was literally 3 grape tomato slices on a pile of arugula. 
My last complaint is that despite the bar not being crowded, I had to ask our waitress twice for a glass of water. She literally had to walk 2 feet to the bar to get the water so it's not like she forgot.
I will probably be back here to try the beer but not for the food.We visited this restaurant since my cousin lived in the apartment complex right above it. Pretty decent place to hang out and drink good beer with a meal. The inside has a modern hipster feel which is cool. The outside of the restaurant is dog friendly!
There is a wide selection of craft beers on tap and includes a local brew here by Flying Fish I think. We came here for brunch. We ordered the craftsy burger and it was cooked perfectly with a slab of pork belly in sauce and a fried egg .  It was amazing! 
They could improve their service and menu a little bit. The waitress was nice but service was somewhat slow. Maybe cause the place is huge and we were on the outside? They have a menu but according to the waitress, a whole side of the page wasn't available to order. A little confusing since it's a big part of their menu lol. I would still come back here again though because of the food and beer selection.Stopped in last night to grab a bite. I ordered my food to go but I got a chance to hang out and check the place out while waiting for my order. The place is big, has two levels and three bars. Industrial warehouse decor and they have a firehouse door in the front for warmer weather. Overall, very nice atmosphere. 
I had the hot Spain wings and the macNcheese. My husband ordered tangy wings and the poutine. Food was good and I especially liked how they set up the wings with crumbles of blue cheese. MacNcheese was also good. My husband said he enjoyed his food as well. 
Great addition to Brewerytown and welcome to the neighborhood Flying Fish!I recently went to flying fish crafthouse and was overall very pleased with my experience.  The food was very good with very big portion sizes, so big half of us had to take a part of our meals home. This was more of a mistake on our part but we went at 1pm on a Saturday hoping for lunch and when we arrived we discovered that they only serve brunch until 4pm on the weekends. That being said, I ordered an egg bowl with lox, fresh mozzarella, and avocado and it was very delicious. Their beers are also great as well. I used to live in this neighborhood before more restaurants started coming in so I was pleased to see the neighborhood start to become more alive with new places like this crafthouse.I don't know if this was just today but we did not have a good experience. The place was not packed but our food took over an hour to be served. Unfortunately it wasn't worth the wait. Some of dishes were slightly cold and the pizza was not all that great either. They have a great beer selection. Its a shame because this place has so much potential!!My first time at Flying Fish was not a great one. The food was OK. The wings tasted freezer burned, the poutine was decent albeit slightly bland. The service was terrible. I don't know if our server was new but we waited forever for our order and after asking twice for water my friend went to the bar and was denied water b/c we were seated at a table. How hard would it have been to pour four glasses of water? Instead bar tender spoke to server and after roughly a half hour to forty five minutes on a 90 degree day we got water. Server was apologetic which about wait times which was appreciated. Also pretty sure we were there during HH which is advertised on website and we were told there wasn't one? Or at least it was advertised to win one but we can't buy one? The beer I had was good. The space is very large and loud and parking is a nightmare if you don't Uber/Lyft or taxi you can't really take public transport easily to get there. If you live in the neighborhood and can walk you will be fine. Has a lot of potential but needs some work.I really had high hopes for this place, but with the staff seemingly overwhelmed by a slightly busy night and the food being subpar, it left me wanting a lot more. We ordered the fried chicks sandwich, poutine, and the chop chop salad.  The whole order took over 90 minutes to get to us. The fried chicken sandwich was delicious. But the poutine and the salad were pretty bad. The poutine lacked seasoning, cheese curds were cold, and the "gravy" tasted like a packet of Lipton onion soup mix mixed with water.  The salad came out without the CHICKEN! The first ingredient listed! We then waited an additional 30-40 minutes for the salad to come back out. When it did, the chicken was cold!  
The layout and ideas are great, and I will definitely give the place another shot. But there are some major kinks that need to be worked out.I hope that this massive watering hole in Brewertown gets its act together.  It has potential to be a great bar but has a long way to go. With dozens of beers on tap and good menu I would hope that they start being able to fill up some of the empty space but the devil is in the details. How do you serve a rack of ribs without being able to provide s sharp enough kinfe to cut them? Two people in our party ordered a full rack of ribs and it was sad to watch them try to cut through them with a butter knife. We shared a pizza and the flying fish sandwich but were not given silverware or napkins until at least ten minutes after the food came out and the waiter completely forgot about our beer. The food was fine and it was fairly priced for what it was I just hope that management is able to iron out some of the kinks.Wanted to like it. Ive worked in many restaurants and I understand this is new and hasn't been open long there are kinks to work out. 
Our server was very nice, but not very helpful. I had to ask to remove empty glasses. My roommate ordered a Bloody Mary and she came back with vodka over ice and failed to mention there was a Bloody Mary bar where you mix it yourself. Ok, not a big deal. 
We waited 45min for our food. At no point did our server offer anything to us for the wait...a bag of chips or French fries maybe?? The kitchen is partially exposed and the chef was going Gordon Ramsey on everyone. I understand the employees are fucking up, it's frustrating, tickets are behind, servers are anxious, guests are cranky. It's not good. This can be a chefs reputation. But what also represents a chefs reputation is how he treats his kitchen. The chef was screaming, often times FUCK, from the partially exposed kitchen. This is a very open, ex warehouse, so sound carries. 
Lastly we got the food. The brunch bowls sound much better as a menu item than they are as a dish. They were fine. I was hungry. The kitchen forgot my avocado as well as in my friend's dish who got the same thing. My server did nothing to remedy this other than apologize on behalf of the kitchen. 
But I can look past that. The thing that really got me to write this review was that on the menu it said brunch bowls are all served with eggs and POTATOES. We got French fries. 
Not home fries...French fries. I paid $14 for scrambled eggs over French fries, a few arugula leaves, 3 grape tomatoes "heirloom" a few bits of salmon and no avocado. 
Flying Fish thinks it's gonna open up here and become THE spot in this neighborhood but like their beer, I'm not impressed. Get your service together, get some real potatoes in your brunch bowls. I'll give it another shot sometime but not really in a rush to get back there.Food and service was subpar, drinks were weak and uninspiring.. it's ashame, great location, great concept but poor execution!! Needless to say I won't be going back!!A friend had been picked from a drawing stating the following:
   "Congratulations,
   We have picked you from the recent entries in our Flights & Bites contest.
   Your group of up to ten guests will enjoy a flight of five Flying Fish beers and some appetizers      to match each beer. All complimentary as a winner."
What we received was a single flight for a table of 9 and a single "bite" platter containing
Pretzel sticks: 3
Wings: 5
Fries: We didn't get any
Chips: 1 bag
Sliders: 3
A pizza: the equivalent of 2 slices off a medium to large pie.  
This for a table of 9.
We asked to speak with "Krista" who responded that she didn't write that email, that it comes from the office and that she couldn't do a flight for each of us nor more food.  You know, lay the blame on someone else.  
A few minutes later, "Leo" comes out and did his part to help make things right, more food, no more flights.  Leo was sincere and did what he could.  
What this drawing actually is is along the lines of a dollar off happy hour pricing ($4 per pint), the sample platter and one flight for the table of up to 10 people.  That's it.  
The beer is great, I've always liked Flying Fish as a brewery however the service and food side (Duffy's piece of it) doesn't hold up.  They seem disorganized, not knowledgeable about their promotions, "Krista" was quick to lay blame on somebody else for the "mis-communication" and not willing to speak with us further - she disappeared immediately after that, the food is mediocre at best.  
Considering the partner in this venture is the host of Bar Rescue I expect better.  All of us at this promotion last night are long term area residents who are considering if we'll come back.  This kind of stunt breeds ill-will.  You either do what you say you'll do or you don't.  Clever wording implying something which isn't upheld just pisses people off and you've just pissed off 9 immediate area residents.  Not smart.The first thing you'll notice is that this place is way bigger than you expected. You walk into a bar area with a bunch of long tables, and for a moment you think that's it, but then you notice there's an upstairs. You find two more bars facing off, and a big open kitchen. If you want to sit an eat, there's also a section off to the side that's a bit quieter than the open space.
They have over a dozen beers on tap, with a good variety of their brews. They offer flights of five to taste, or full pours if you know what you want. They also didn't skip on the kitchen, with good variety of choices. The pizzas are pretty good, and both the mac 'n cheese and poutine are worth ordering. The only think I didn't like was the soft pretzel, they had too much of a bready mall-pretzel texture.
There's not much right there in the neighborhood, but you can get there from West Girard, so it's not completely on an island. I'm looking forward to the spring to see how they open up the doors and take advantage of the building's former loading dock.The space is really great and I do like the decor, however service was terrible. There was one bartender working, who looked like she never worked before. I have no idea why they would put her on alone, let alone on a Saturday night! Drinks and service took forever. We were a party of five. Four of the five ordered the same beer at the same time by the same person ( meaning they said we'll have four whatever and then looked at me for my one vodka order) and she had to walk away to get a pen and pad to write the order down. Food came out faster than the drinks but was average.I visited FFC on a Friday night, when they have Friday night flights! 5 flights for $12. They have a great draft list, including IPAs, lagers, pale ales, pilsners, and a porter. I had the redfish IPA, the wallopian rye, the double IPA, the maibock, and the tropical IPA. The double IPA was definitely my favorite with notes of citrus and mangos. I personally did not care for the maibock, but others in my party liked the beer a lot. The tropical IPA had a less intense hoppiness to it, but was still quite good. The redfish IPA was also quite good, as was the wallopian rye. 
As for food, the table ordered the poutine, which was delicious! It was a hefty portion, comes with the gravy on the side so the fries don't arrive soggy and you can pour as you wish. I ordered the Philly Porchetta, their version of the classic philly roast pork sandwich. It was okay, definitely needed salt and pepper. Others at the table ordered the chicken sandwich (which was huge and reportedly delicious) as well as the eat your veggies sandwich (which includes a hefty list of various, unique veggies!) which looked absolutely delicious!Stopped in last night to grab a bite. I ordered my food to go but I got a chance to hang out and check the place out while waiting for my order. The place is big, has two levels and three bars. Industrial warehouse decor and they have a firehouse door in the front for warmer weather. Overall, very nice atmosphere. 
I had the hot Spain wings and the macNcheese. My husband ordered tangy wings and the poutine. Food was good and I especially liked how they set up the wings with crumbles of blue cheese. MacNcheese was also good. My husband said he enjoyed his food as well. 
Great addition to Brewerytown and welcome to the neighborhood Flying Fish!This is a perfect place for beer lovers and for those friends of beer lovers who don't like beer that much but like food.  The beer is good and the food is good. I've tried their mac n cheese appetizer which was banging! I also tried duffified tangy beer glazed wings which were also banging!  The winds were hotter than I was expecting but manageable for me (and I very little tolerance for spicy food).  For main dish I tried the "She's crafty" burger.  It was huge, messy but absolutely delicious; it was worth the messiness and sticky fingers but I wouldn't suggest it as a first date meal.  The burger comes with fries, nothing spectacular.  One of the nights I was there they had live music.  When they don't have live music they are usually playing contemporary/ top 40 music.   Good environment but loud so I wouldn't suggest this as a place to have a heart-to-heart super intense convo (just a suggestion).Food was delicious! We had the wings and a she's crafty burger. Blueberry braggot beer was just as tasty! Highly recommendWell my fellow yelppeople, I think that we all have to take into account the alternatives when we leave our reviews. Maybe not, what the eff do I know, but sitting in flying Fish this morning and reading the reviews makes me kind of sad. Why, you ask? Because this is brewerytown. Not Manhattan or Chicago or even center city  but our own homely little up-and-coming but not quite there yet Brewerytown. And I am sitting in a cool industrial space, drinking a hand squeezed orange juice  screwdriver and listening to Radiohead on the jukebox, at 11am. BF is having a lovely beer and we've just eaten our way through some amazing French toast.  Oh and did I mention we walked here? Why would that be worth fewer than 4 stars? 
Sure maybe the service could use a kick in the pants but that's not the  fault of this place, millennials refuse to learn customer service and that's everywhere. What happens when a place like this is held to a higher standard than other places is that their rating starts to slip, fewer people try it and they have to start cutting to make up the difference: smaller portions and fewer 
servers to be exact. And then the next thing you know 
they are closing.  And I don't want this place to close. If this was a different restaurant (say, in a row house in the same spot) with the same food and beer selection we'd all be giving them 4 and 5 stars! Let's lighten up and enjoy what we have here in our own backyard. I want chicken and waffles and champagne at 9 am, don't you?Beer is great, food is decent,but the feckin music is too loud and awful. Philadelphia has a rich music history and a robust music scene and I'm sitting here listening to c&w, rap and fuckin disco. Last time here.  Too bad, I like the FF products. Not a pleasant experience.I love flying fish brews, so I was excited to experience the new space in Philadelphia! My bartender and manager on duty were extremely knowledgeable and helpful in service. Great music and fun atmosphere.the beers are DA BOMB!!! favorite was the saison on tap before i forget to mention it!
let me tell ya, this place is gonna b the it-spot in no time!  we came on sat night and it was still pretty quiet since the location isn't in a lively neighborhood.  but lucky for us, we didn't have to wait to get a table for 9! haha many of us got the beer flights for $12 each and ordered some food.  some of the reviews have mentioned that service is kinda slow and that's definitely still kinda true, but it wasn't to the extend where i have to get up myself to fetch for things.  our waiter was great~ he promoted everything on tap and got all of us the right flights of beers.
the food was pretty on-point.  that plate of poutine for $9, $10? is NO JOKE.  order when hungry!  good thing we had a big group otherwise it would've been hard to finish.  the gravy was to die for! super savory! the cheese though.. was lackluster.. other than their pickles which just tasted like regular cucumbers, i don't think we had anything to complain about.
the beers.... sooo yummy! the big surprise was their pork roll porterhouse.  i thoroughly enjoyed it! not sure if i could take the whole pint but definitely tasty for your non typical amber ale.  the abbey double? also very interesting which was brewed in a wine veil.  it's a nice fusion beer tasting somewhere between wine and beer lol. the blueberry one was alright~ nothing note worthy.  i loved all the ones we picked for the flights!
i do wish the crafthouse is easier to get to.  i look forward to returning!The service at this place is so bad.  If they did not have decent beers and flying fish behind the name no one would go.  Food takes forever and arrives cold at the table.  Wait staff seems untrained.   They will pay for a round of drinks to try to make you come back but the service has not improved since it opened.  Very poorly run operation.We love this place and love it for bringing friends when they visit from out of town.  First time we tried a beer flight and enjoyed all of them and since then have loved all of the food that we've tried and love our go-to Saturday bartender.  I can't wait for the weather to get nice so we can enjoy the indoor/outdoor feel with the garage doors open and some of their summer beers.  Also, do not hesitate to try the burgers; maybe one of the best burgers we've ever had.  Thanks for bringing so much life to brewerytown!Man, I want to love you, Flying Fish. You're a welcome addition to the neighborhood. But MAN is your service bad. Hilariously, absurdly bad. No one answers the phone or returns calls (we left a message a week ago about throwing a party there), food and drinks can literally take hours. I hope these are just growing pains because I'd really like this to be our place!A little bit off the beaten track- really enjoyed it! I've been meaning to go to the brewery in NJ and I guess now I don't even need to. Loved the space- large, great for groups. They have garage doors to open when the weather cooperates and parking was pretty easy. Beers are solid and I had an excellent chicken sandwich. Would definitely come back!Flying Fish is a reputed, classic name in the local South Jersey craft beer industry. They've now expanded to this renovated warehouse in Brewerytown, and it's certainly a great addition to the neighborhood. I wish they had opened while I was still in the area!
So they've been open for like a week at this point, so here's some initial observations.
SPACE:
They have THREE bars! When you walk in, there's a small bar mostly for takeaway purchases to the right, plus a host of long tables for large parties. The host stand is to the left. Go up the stairs to the "main" area -- with two bars (outlets under the bars!!) and a bunch more table seating. It's a very large space, so I'll be interested to see how full it'll get since it's not in a super busy area. When we were there on Thursday night, it seemed very family friendly.
FOOD:
My friend and I ordered and split the chicken roulade app, poutine, and the blanca pizza. The chicken was really tasty and only $5. I'd highly recommend trying it, especially since it's so cheap! The poutine was double the price ($10) and a large, heaping portion. The fries were average, but elevated by their green onion sauce. Ask for some! It's also a good idea to split the pizza. I'm glad we didn't order two. It would've been too much food. The blanca was nice (garlic, spinach) but I'm also interested in their ham and McPie options.
BEER:
I didn't order any beer. I would've ordered a flight, but they only offered a 5 for $12 option. I'd recommend (and did on the survey provided) they allow for half pints or small pours. They have a couple crafthouse exclusives that sound interesting, but I'm not sure I'd want a full pour of any. Hopefully they'll expand to include tart selections in the future too. Right now they have the beers you'd expect to see -- a few from the Exit series, the winter grand cru, redfish, and the pork roll beer, among others.
COCKTAILS:
As someone who loves her beer, it's probably a shock that I opted for a cocktail here. They have mixed and bottled options. I chose the "Brewerytown" (Singapore) Sling, since it was the cocktail made with gin. Apparently it's already a favorite, as the manager came over to ask why I ordered it. He said most people were ordering it over the other cocktails. I'd say it's a keeper. Maybe on their next menu they can add more gin options too? That'd be awesome!
BATHROOM:
Similar to 2nd Story Brewing and City Tap's Logan Square location. A line of private unisex bathrooms. All were very clean, but as my friend pointed out, it was so random that they have 10 stalls, five sinks, and yet only one hand dryer. Interesting setup. In its early days, it works, but I guess that could get weird on a crowded day.
SERVICE:
They're new. It's expected to experience some kinks. We kept having people trying to (or actually taking) plates off our table that still obviously had food in them or were still in use. I wouldn't fault them on it. Our server was super friendly and seemed to enjoy her job. She was also really knowledgable when it came to the menu despite only being open for a few days. Nice!
Overall, I'm a fan and look forward to returning soon! It doesn't hurt that they're only a short walk away from Crime & Punishment Brewing and SPOT Burger....two of my favorite places in the city! Food and brew Brewerytown stroll? I'm in.Terrible service, not sure how food is because we waited 45 minutes before someone even came to take our order. It is NOT packed in here, but then told that the kitchen was not ready for the 3:00 food service so we have to wait until 3:30. Ordered a pizza and then waited an additional 30 minutes to get that. Never came, waitress never stopped to give updates. Couldn't even get a water. Shame because it looks cool in here. We left without getting our food because it took too long.Really happy to see this in our neighborhood it is a wonderful place the food was good the beer was plentiful more important to me the staff is terrific everyone there was warm and fuzzy and friendly and inviting I absolutely love it I am very happy to have it in the neighborhood
Congratulations on a job well doneAnother brewery in Brewerytown is obviously really exciting. A brewery that we already know and enjoy is pretty cool too. Welcome, Flying Fish (Crafthouse).
I love the set up in the huge, industrial loft. I know that's a common set up for a brewery, but something seemed larger, and more fabulous than the average brewery loft. 
I'm a fan of Flying Fish to start and it's great that so many of their signature brews are so easily accessible. On the other hand, it doesn't leave much room to explore new brews, which is an alluring factor of brewery visits to me. They will have a few rotating drafts that are exclusive to the Crafthouse to keep things exciting. I'm really hoping these get varied up, or they bring in a bunch of the Exit Series brews. Speaking of which, they don't actually call them the Exit Series. You'll need to read the descriptions and play beer detective to see which "Exit Series" they have on tap.
The menu is exciting; it is gastropub meets gourmet. Thus far, I've had the Freebird Hot Pocket and the smoked wings. The smoked wings had an interesting smoked flavor and the Freebird Hot Pocket was a fun way to say boli. The pizzas and burgers looked really fun so I can't wait to go back and give them a try. 
I can't forget to mention the growlers. I feel I'll be bouncing by pretty frequently to get a to-go growler. Having access to fresh beer is something special and I look to take advantage. 
They still have some kinks to work out, like service speed, however I'm looking to forgive and can't wait to visit again. 
Thanks Flying Fish Crafthouse for continuing to put the brewery back into Brewerytown.Loud and slow service. 
Last time I went they were piping in music over speakers but also had somebody playing guitar and singing covers. Either one of those on its own was too loud but together it was a din. 
Sitting in center of bar it took ten minutes to be asked drink order, five minutes to receive drinks, and another ten to be asked food order. We wisely left after one drink without ordering food.Wow - the Brewerytown neighborhood just keeps getting more and more interesting.  The Flying Fish Crafthouse is a great addition to this scene.  This is a large bi-level establishment with a beer garden when you first enter and an upper level that is a pub/sports bar.  The beers are def good as one would expect from Flying Fish.  I had the Duffified Ale - a beer that was both malty & hoppy ... and good!  Don't miss the smoked fennel slaw here!  It is really tasty!  I'll want to eat this concoction over cole slaw any day of the week and I like cole slaw!  There are several TVs for sports watching but they do not totally dominate the scene.  I found my two bartenders very friendly  Welcome to the new Brewerytown!I really hate to write a negative review as my wife and I had been there several times in the past and really enjoyed our experience.  However, last night was terrible and I have to say we will not be going back.  Our server Jeff was a disaster and then looked over my shoulder as I was writing out his tip because he knew his service was terrible and was trying to pressure me into a decent tip.  Food, 3 salads, pizza, some apps were also terrible.  The chicken on the salad was very greasy and the seafood salad tasted and looked like a can of pre-made tuna salad.  We were not drinking and even with ice tea and sodas our bill was still well over $100 for 3 adults and a teen.  Needless to say too many quality places to visit to have to give this now another shot.  Hope the turn it around.I really like this place. Food and service is great. My only knock....calling things "Duffified" seems more like stroking the ego of the chef and just a little too gimmicky. No solid chef I've even encountered has not had a ego but they've never taken it that far. It's the culinary equivalent of a Napoleon complex.   
**update**
I still think the "Duffified" brand is ridiculous. It's a constant source of mocking and ridicule as we sit and enjoying our food. Quite often (in a very mocking tone) we ask the waitstaff at what point "Duffification" occurs. I suspect the chef isn't wearing pants as he "Duffifies" something. 
Yes, I'm being sarcastic (if you didn't get it) but the gods honest truth is that it's a silly gimmick and should be eliminated from their marketing program.This place is alright - the food is mediocre for bar food everything is good but nothing really jumps out as amazing... one thing I didn't find very cool was that on the menu you can apparently buy beers for the wait and cook staff... then after doing It and asking them how it was, they had never received the drinks I bought for them... so I guess that part of the menu is a cash grab, as a former waitstaff at a restaurant I was pretty bummed to hear this as I thought they actually were doing something nice for their staff but I guess not :-/B for service, B- for food, A for atmosphere. 
We live nearby and just visited for the first time for lunch and drinks. I had the 'eat your veggies' sandwich. Flavors were very good but the broccoli rabe was so tough I literally was not able to bite through it in the sandwich and had to use my fork to dig it out and dump it on the plate. Our server was super friendly and energetic and made us laugh every time she came over. Unfortunately, we never got a water refill and the beer refills sometimes took too long. Overall, we had fun because we weren't in a rush and didn't mind the occasional wait. The menu looks great and has several vegetarian options. The space is great- two spacious bars, modern and clean, etc. We will definitely be back! Great addition to the neighborhood.Arrived today for the first time for a friend's birthday brunch celebration with a large reserved party. Waitstaff was pleasant however many in our party never received their meal and the manager Aaron seemed disinterested and blamed our party for their poor planning and inconsistent service.I'll never understand why this place doesn't put prices on their beer menu.  Are they trying to make people uncomfortable as soon as they sit down?
The food here was actually pretty good when Duffy was around (Stuffed chicken and waffles were out of this world), unfortunately they've had so many issues with management and servers that everything has been changed up.  Now they have reduced the menu to nothing more than basic bar food, which doesn't seem to be executed particularly well.  
The sad truth is the location is just way too big for the neighborhood right now.  Maybe once the newest huge apartment buildings in the area are done they'll finally be able to fill this place up. Hopefully by then they'll get their act together.Terrible service, inconsistent drinks and food..they spend more time marketing than they do training their staffGreat food and really good beer. The service was also great. This place has definitely stepped up its game from a few months agoBrewerytown has a special kind of charm. A rekindling of the early 1900's industrial meets new construction. Finally a reputable brewery planting down in an iconic way. Being born and raised in this neighborhood, I had to check this place out. Located in an old ACME warehouse, the decor is simple, industrial, exposed piping and brick. Everything you'd expect in a brewpub. The space was formerly the loading dock for an old ACME warehouse, so there's tons of space. The food is on par with other brewhouses in the area. I can't give it 5 stars because of some items on the menu not living up to the description. Chef Duffy is a very talented guy but I expected better mac and cheese.
The beer is also on par with other local breweries. I'll definitely give them a second chance.I am not mad... just disappointed. I live in the neighborhood and spend months anticipating the arrival of FF Crafthouse. Tonight I tried it for the third and final time. The first visit was opening week, so I won't hold it against them. The second time was a slow weeknight and the food and beer both left something to be desired. Tonight, my husband and I ordered from grubhub- we got a brisket sandwich, the burger, and the wings. The wings are excellent. The brisket was not flavorful and the glaze was odd. The burger tasted like something you would have in a hospital cafeteria. Plus they were served with chips instead of fries which should be a crime in my book.  It was all almost $40 and we threw a lot of it out. 2 fork rating all around.Was really looking forward to heading here for brunch, but the hours on the website are incorrect. They do not open until 5pm today, despite the website advertising 9am.Went last night for the first time for my boyfriends birthday. Made a reservation for 8pm and although we got there 15-20 minutes early they sat us right away. The rotating beer and beer/food flight were not available last night unfortunately but we did have the specialty pork/bacon mac and cheese which was yummy! We did have to wait a bit for our food but we didn't mind because 1. They are still getting their feet on the ground..they've only been open a month. And 2. The beer was phenomenal. Loved the atmosphere and our server (who really knew her beers). Will definitely be back!Nice space excellent beers. Mediocre food. Not much for vegans. Out of many things. Sandwich came burned. Chips cold and greasy. Waitress good but not enough staff on hand to cover everyone.  Near our place but will not go back. This was our sons second try and he confirmed.The first couple visits were great, I was pumped that a spot like this opened up in the neighborhood, i had been here over a dozen times ...then it all went down hill really fast. The last time i was in there with my friends the bar tender ignored us half the time, i literally had to wave her down like I would a cab (mind you, i have tipped this same bar tender very well in the past and was always polite). Fyi, they like skipping songs you play on the jukebox, even when half of their staff including a manager was singing along. There are way better spots in the neighborhood to get a drink and with much better service!