I am feeling smitten after spending Valentine's Day with my boyfriend and my love affair on the side, Fond.  We had the 3-course tasting menu, which provided me with just enough of a tease to want to go back for more.
To start I had a mushroom soup amuse bouche, followed by a roasted beet salad, then seared skate wing, an interlude with some mulled wine sorbet, and ending with the beurre noisette cheesecake.
The roasted beet salad was my favorite part of the meal and if I go back I will likely order it again.  It came with slightly salty seasoned arugula, goat cheese, and sweet walnuts.  The combination was perfect together.
My favorite part of the seared skate wing dish was in fact not the skate wing, but the lemon risotto with edamame and soy brown butter.  My boyfriend had the rack of lamb, which was so tender and delightful.  However, yet again, I was more impressed with his sides as well.  The whole grain mustard spaetzle was fried...uhhh best thing ever.
I strongly recommend eating here for a special occasion, considering the price (it is well worth the cost).  It is kind of small, but once you sit down you hardly even notice the size.  I'm sure during the summer it will be a whole lot easier to get around, considering I won't have a mammoth parka to lug around.Absolutely amazing. Went for the first time on Valentine's Day and didn't have the best experience. The owner Lee followed up and we came back for a redo and this was AMAZING. Now I totally get what all the hype is about. The follow up and interaction with Lee was great, our server was fantastic, every item of food was delicious. We are already talking about when we can go back and also sending my in laws there as well. This is what I was expecting and it exceeding expectations. Grilled duck hearts, lobster risotto, hanger steak, skate, and two delicious desserts. Will be back (often) and will send others as well. Highly recommend! This place is a MUST visit. Thank you Lee and team for showing us what Fond is all about.Just wrapped up a fabulous birthday dinner here and had such a nice experience I couldn't wait to write a review. Gracious, attentive service and wonderful food. We went with the five course chef's tasting and loved every bite. The wine pairings that came with it were all really excellent. At $62 for the five courses (plus an amuse bouche, a palate-cleansing intermezzo, and a final minty meringue) and $25 for the wine pairings, I think it was a good value, and well worth the splurge. Particularly memorable, I think, will be the chicken liver mousse, but there was not a bad morsel to be had. I'd happily celebrate another special event here. Thanks Fond!This was mine and 7 friend's choice for our second restaurant week dinner.  $30 for 4 courses. 8 of us get there and our table isn't quite ready yet so we stand outside and wait 5 minutes. One of the owners offered to open our wine for us or get us water while we waited, which I thought was very kind even though we declined and said we would just wait. 
We didn't wait much more than 5 minutes.
The place was small and cozy, a little too cozy at points considering there wasn't much room for the waiters to walk through the tables but it was fine if you were sitting down! haha, I can imagine that'd get annoying for people trying to walk around. 
Anyway, food... was delicious! The soup was a squash soup which was creamy and buttery and really tasty.
I was the only one that chose the beet salad over the asparagus dish. I was trying to be adventurous. Mine had feta cheese, almonds and greens. I liked it but I wish there was some sort of vinaigrette on it (or more - I think there was some on the beets). I would have preferred a bit more of a kick, a bit more flavor. 
The chef sent out a complimentary spoon of tuna tar tar which was so good! Thanks chef!
For the main course I got the salmon on top of a cake of angel hair pasta, green beans and a light sauce. The salmon was perfect, the pasta cake was a bit strange. I would have preferred the pasta simply cooked and put on the side because I think when made into a cake, some of the pasta was overcooked, but it sure looked good as a cake. I would have also preferred a bit more of the sauce also, it was so good.
And for dessert I got a warm brownie with cinnamon caramel custard, whipped milk chocolate cream, and cinnamon pecans. It was a great dessert, I loved it because it wasn't too sweet. It was just right.
So overall, everything was extremely delicious. I guess if I was the chef, I personally would have executed a couple things differently but I'm sure a lot of people would have been perfectly happy with how things were done. 
As for the service, our waiter was awesome, he lended us his iphone so we could keep track of the phillies game. And the owner was very attentive and made sure to describe all the food to us as it was brought out. The chef even made an appearance at the end of the dinner, which you don't see often. It was a pleasant surprise and we were able to thank him in person. 
Overall, I highly recommend this place and I will be going back.We came by to try the anniversary tasting menu, and it was fantastic. It's probably one of the best meals I've had in recent memory, and the prices are very reasonable. I'll definitely be back to try some of their other dishes.I had a phenomenal meal here. 
The space is a little tight and the food blew me out of the water. 
We came on a week night, armed with wine which we later found out they are not BYO but we're able to drink what we brought.  Our server was awesome and very knowledgeable. 
Here's what I ordered and loved. 
Lobster Risotto (hazelnuts, truffle)
Beef Short Rib (caramelized onion spaetzle, Brussels sprouts, sauce Bordelaise)
I can say I'm  Fond of Fond and can't wait to come back.An exceptional meal! We (accidentally) ate at the chef's table tonight, and everything was perfect. For appetizers, we shared the steak tartare, the seared fois gras, and the hamachi ceviche. All were stunning. For entrees, we had the filet mignon, lamb stroganoff (with extra shaved black truffle), and the scallops. Each was more spectacular than the last. Couldn't have been happier. Will definitely come back to Philly (from NY) to eat at this restaurant again!I love this neighborhood and visiting Fond for the first time was a reminder that I need to play in this part of the city more often.
Fond is a BYO during the week, but has a full bar for the weekend crowd.  I did see a few people bring in their own bottles, so I assume there is a corking fee on Friday and Saturday.  
The place is cozy, so if you're someone who gets claustrophobic, then you may want to head somewhere else. You will literally be sitting on top of your neighbor, but what better way to make some new pals?
We started with the wild boar pate, which was actually quite delicious, considering I had no idea what pate was.  My husband and I both got the pork belly for the main course and this was some of the best pork belly I have ever eaten.  The top was crispy and the meat was tender.  It comes with a side of sweet potatoes that are to die for. 
For dessert I had the malted chocolate ice cream with peanut brittle, which was seriously the best combination ever.  My sweet tooth enjoyed it thoroughly.
Overall, a great place for dinner, but it will cost you.  Save this spot for a special celebration.  Unless you win the lottery - then come here often.Best restaurant in Philadelphia... Excellent service and amazing food... The pork belly is to die for... The host does an outstanding job... Will definitely be backWonderful. Wonderful. Wonderful.  This place is a must try.  Fond, perfectly situated on the corner of 11th and Tasker is a little gem serving up some of the most delicate, flavorful dishes in Philadelphia.  The restaurant is very small and seating is tight but the ambiance is quaint and cozy. 
Beginnings:
Olive or sourdough bread for the table accompanied by salted butter which was fantastic.  
Later came a warm mushroom soup amuse bouche- creamy, warm, and perfect for a cold night in January.
Appetizers:
Two appetizers to start, the lobster risotto - a MUST TRY and the chicken liver mousse.  The lobster risotto was so delicate.  The risotto was cooked perfectly and there was ample lobster to go around.  One of my favorites of the evening.  The chicken liver mousse had two big portions of mousse accompanied by toasted sourdough bread. Wow. 
I told our server, I would easily be able to call it a 5 star night after the appetizers alone. P.S-    While we are on the topic of servers, our server was Tory and he was helpful, attentive and just what the night called for. Also - 5 stars. 
Entrée:  
I was torn between the artic char and the pork belly.   Tory suggested the pork belly and it did not disappoint.  Holy moly.  The pork was cooked to perfection.  It delivered a crispy outside and tender, melt in your mouth center.  It was served with some of the best sweet potatoes I've ever had (Okinawa sweet potatoes) , escarole and Dijon jus. Portions were perfect.   I also tried the short rib which was out of this world.   (Note: both of these entrees are on their newly released restaurant week menu so if you're looking for a top notch meal on the cheap and have been meaning to check out Fond- stop reading this and get your reservation on the books!)
Dessert:
"We have a dessert special this evening... salted caramel cheesecake with our chocolate chip crust and our homemade vanilla bean whip cream" Excuse me??? YES. YES, I will have that. 
There was a bite left and I'm almost positive I heard the Mortal Kombat voice whisper "FINISH HIM"--you always listen to the Mortal Kombat voice. 
Fond is delectable.Quiet, low lit, nice music with unique and flavorful food. Great service. I would definitely go back!!!!Came here last night for my birthday dinner with my friend and it was a great experience. 
We were deciding between 2-3 apps and 1 entree or 1 app and 2 entrees because we definitely wanted dessert. 
We went for the 2-3 app &1 entree route and am glad we did. 
We were given chefs complimentary mushroom soup in a shot glass which was extremely delicious and a good start to our meal. 
We had the scallop ceviche which was nice but not my favorite I've ever had. It was very tasty with a cranberry vinaigrette, the vinaigrette threw me off because I prefer the traditional citrusy taste of ceviches. 
Then we had a hefty portal of Chicken Liver Mousse which was so very good. It was mild in taste and the toasted sourdough with pickled red onion complimented it well. 
Second came a very considerate split onto two plates by our server was the seared foie gras.
It was delicious, I've yet to go wrong w foie gras and I'm glad they didn't disappoint, it was perfect. 
Then our entree which was split into two portions for us to cleanly share, the pork belly. The Okinawan sweet potato was awesome I loved the mildly sweet taste with the mustard greens. If I could go back, I'd get the skate wing because I'm more of a fish person, but the pork belly wasn't bad. Braised and then skin pan seared was nice but the skin was a bit too oily the crunch was amazing though so I can't complain. 
Then to decide on dessert we got the special of the night "apple crisp with frozen Sauvignon blanc" it was good but It wasn't anything spectacular. I should've gone for chocolate! 
Everything was super tasty and everything meshed well together, I'd definitely be back in a heartbeat. Our service was so accommodating and so super nice. I really appreciated the nice gestures and them sitting our meals Into two without even being asked for our convenience. 
Amazing service atmosphere and food !!Nice restaurant priced right. The 7 course tasting is well worth the try. The seating is tight and the restaurant is small but it works. Located on a nice corner where several bar / restaurants are located. As must try. I will be back.Definitely one of the best meals I have had in Philadelphia! 
Atmosphere, service, wine, everything was impeccable. Perfect flavoring, attention to details and wonderful ingredients. I could not have been happier with basically everything we had. 
Save up, take someone special and have a wonderful evening.Met up with a friend for a late night weekend dinner, and was instantly charmed by the warm, cozy atmosphere at Fond. 
Food 5/5: I started with the veal sweetbreads which was savory and crispy (wonderfully prepared), and my friend had the escargot (which I didn't try, but apparently was delicious). We split a bottle of caberent sauvignon. For the main course, I had the Beef Sirloin (roasted beets, farro, goat cheese and sauce Bordelaise) which was perfectly prepared and he had the Berkshire Pork Belly (black beans, baby carrots, spiced pork jus). The portions were perfect. Dessert was a rich, moist chocolate cake, some coffee and conversation until nearly midnight.
Atmosphere 4/5: The interior of Fond is not ornate or luxurious. It's simple, clean and warm with soft lighting and a moderate level of conversation/noise. Since it was the winter season during our dining experience, there was a bit of a draft and the wooden chairs and close proximity of tables made the experience less than ideal.
Service 5/5: Impeccable service. The food and pacing was fantastic, the staff courteous, subtle and personable. I was completely impressed.
Overall, incredible food and service, completely worth it.Fond has been a go-to restaurant any time my husband and I want an unforgettable Philly night! The drinks are amazing, food delicious, and staff (especially at the bar) very hospitable. At a minimum, you must try the fois gras!!! Also pictured are tasty duck hearts, wild boar pate, and oysters. I think this is one of the best happy hour places in East Passyunk!Cozy BYOB serving new american cuisine. Pork belly, monk fish, steak, chicken breast. Standards with new twists. Food was good, no WOW moments for us, but well presented and prepared. Service was excellent. We were surprised by the older crowd. No light/healthy options on the menu and no vegetarian dishes. A good place to take someone who doesn't like a lot of seasoning. A good simple meal in a nice spot with excellent service.Eh.
I know all these reviews are raving, so I'm sorry to break up the party.
But the menu of this place is no different than another other New American Philly BYOB -- one chicken, one beef, one fish, etc.
The space is totally cramped, and the room is utterly noisy.   
Wouldn't recommend...sorry :(Spend my birthday there with my family and had a terrific meal. The cocktails, the service, the food and the ambience were all excellent. The food is definitely high quality and very refined. The neighborhood is very up and coming. Thoroughly enjoyed it.I can't believe it's taken me weeks to review Fond. I'd been wanting to go there for nearly a year, and I finally went with some colleagues for a celebratory work dinner. It was truly fantastic and lived up not just to the hype but my expectations. 
We share the tuna crudo, lobster risotto, and another delicious starter I can't remember. 
And then... the pork belly. Oh. My. God. That Good. One colleague had the swordfish which he described as the best swordfish of his life. And everything else of my colleagues' that I tasted was phenomenal. Desserts were also fantastic.
I wish I could better describe my meal, but what's the point. No words will do Fond justice. Just go there.I'm upset.
We LOVE to go out to an extravagant dinner. We love the experience and we love to learn about new things- wine and food. It's truly special to us to have a night out with a chefs tasting menu. 
I made this reservation to celebrate my life partners birthday. I made this reservation based off of the positive feedback I found on Yelp over a month in advance. I received a phone call yesterday to confirm that it was Max's birthday and we could do something special for him. Nothing happened. Not even desert! If you can't manage the specific details of a birthday, don't worry about calling me to discuss. I just felt that if I'm going to spend $100 per person these details are important. 
The cramped atmosphere was comfortable and not concerning. However, the staff were discussing how "table 19 needs your attention" loudly over our meal. I feel like the general experience is elevated, napkins folded etc. all the details are there EXCEPT I found it hard not to pay attention to the overwhelmed servers. I feel like this feedback is positive as this is something easily fixed. The conversations about guests meals could happen in sidebars. We also waited 30-40 mins between each meal. I could tell the staff felt behind. I also felt it was challenging to receive the wine pairing 20+ mins before the meal. We spent 3+ hours on our 5 course meal. I felt that things could've flowed better. There were 3 open tables so i don't think they were functioning at maximum capacity. 
Food- everything was DELICIOUS. We loved the mushroom soup. The salmon tar tar was phenomenal. Even the olive bread was great. I just have to say that the pork belly was challenging. The fried skin was difficult to eat. The fried rice didn't feel cooked and got stuck in our teeth. I saw other tables returning this plate full as well. I wouldn't recommend it. I feel that anything else on the menu would've been great. Just this poor selection for tasting menu.Went to Fond for dinner tonight. Was very rushed. Ordered fish and it was raw/undercooked. Told the waiter and was offered another dish. No thank you.I just joined Yelp so I could write a review of Fond.  It's fantastic!  I've been there twice and have been delivered consistently delicious food and awesome service.  While I admit to not having the most sophisticated palet (in other words i'm not a self-described "foodie"), the attention to detail at Fond is phenomenal.  I was trained as a server at a high-brow suburban country club, so I'd like to think I know fine-dining service when I see it.  And at Fond you receive this awesome service with a very reasonably priced meal.  Plus, the service comes with a friendly smile that I haven't received from the majority of Rittenhouse related BYOs.  I truly felt like they were appreciative I was at their restaurant.  Heck, the chef even came out to say hi to lil' ol me!  
I live in Passyunk Square, so Fond is a hop, skip, and jump away, but you should definitely head on down to South Philly to check it out yourself.Fond is a really nice hole-in-the wall fancy dining spot with a really spot-on affordable(ish) tasting menu options and great cocktail options!
My wife and I have heard about this place not just from our friends, but restaurant owners and staff from across Philly. After securing a nice little romantic reservation on opentable, we partook in one of the most exclusive post-thanksgiving dining event, as no one else ate out that night.
I will say that the service was pleasant and attentive, and our waiter seemed gruff on the outside, but his actions spoke louder than words as he poured us very generous portions of wine during each accompaniment. We opted for the $72, 7 course tasting menu with one wine pairing and sampled most of the menu items that evening, including the chicken liver mousse, hamachi cerviche, Spanish octopus, beef short ribs and seared tuna. My favorite of these was actually the spanish octopus, not just because of the chewy little tentacles, but the wonderful bitter greens that garnished the dish. The seared tuna was a sad disappointment as the fish tasted bland aside from some spotty salty regions and the risotto was nothing spectacular. The short rib was a hit-and-miss, primarily because my cut of the short rib was fall off the bone, but my wife's piece was stringy and hard to chew. Our meal finished with two types of desserts that included a brown butter apple tart, hazelnut dacquoise and ice cream; it was good.
Overall, this was a really wonderful dining experience with some hit or miss items on the tasting menu. I had hoped that the tasting menu would include items not on the standard menu, but for what it was worth, they were good.
Food: 3-4 stars
Ambiance: 3-4 stars
Price: 3-4 stars
Service: 4 starsHad such a great experience at Fond. Similar to most of the restaurants on E. Passyunk, Fond is a quaint, tiny restaurant. They offer outside seating, some high tops, bar seating and no more than 10 regular dining tables.
The service was fantastic from the moment we walked in the door. We started with cocktails - the Lemon Sprig was delicious and highly recommend if you're a fan of a lemon drop martini.
Before our appetizers, they brought out a complimentary mushroom soup served hot in a shooter and crusty sourdough bread. We then had the tuna from the cold appetizer section and escargot from the hot appetizers. The tuna absolutely melted in your mouth. The escargot didn't have a ton of flavor- wishing I went for the lobster risotto!
For an entree, I had the special which was shrimp served with a Rosemary Brie bread pudding and broccoli rabe and yes, it was as magical as it sounds. My parents had the swordfish and the scallops. I tried both of their entrees and they were delicious (I had a little bit of order envy with the swordfish).
We rounded out the meal with a lackluster dessert. We tried the pear tart with caramel ice cream. I had a bite and no desire to finish the rest, which I'll admit is unusual for me. Wishing I would have tried one of the chocolate options. Good thing I loved this place so much and know I'll be back!Great anniversary dinner. The service was fantastic. Our server was very pleasant and even wrote "happy anniversary" in chocolate on our dessert plates. Will definitely go back!When a friend found out I'd never been to Fond, despite living mere blocks away, she insisted we go as soon as possible. A few days later, reservations were made, wine was procured, a Napa Sauvignon Blanc, and a Burgundy Pinot Noir, and we were on our way.
The first impression is that the restaurant is small and intimate. It was neither quiet nor deafening, and did not fall into the trap of dimming the lights so far as to prevent reading the menu. Of course, who needs menus when there's a multi-course tasting?
We started with a sublime squash soup, something perfectly buttery and earthy to get started. Next came a hiramasu crudo over celery salad, greek yogurt, and dusted with nigella seeds, a crisp and delicate introduction to the menu, that turned out to be just a tease of the excellence to come.
The next course was a special of the night, braised duck hearts, and it stepped up the game considerably. After cleansing our palates with a lemon sorbet, the next course was skate wing over risotto and brown butter. This was the highlight of the night, and probably the best plate I'd had in almost a year. The courses finished off with a porkbelly finished to a satisfying crisp on one side, served over excellent sweet potatoes.
Dessert amounted to a warm chocolate brownie and a tangerine cheesecake, both of which earn high marks despite my lack of a sweet tooth, and the passionfruit meringues that came with the check punctuated the evening expertly
Take a date here, take a friend here, take your mom here, it doesn't matter, just go here.This place is great.  Reasonably priced.  BYOB and food was second to none.  Went wife my wife and the waiter, who apparently is also an owner was one of the most attentive servers I ever had.  We did the 7 course tasting the food was.  Virtually every course was interesting and exceptional.  Afterwards, we went next door to Salt (also a great place) for a drink.  Ended up meeting the chef and pastry chef  (from Fond) at the bar.  I could use the same adjectives I used about the food to describe them.  All-in-all a great night.  ThanksDon't bother going if you're a vegetarian- they tried to accommodate me, but what I was served (off menu, nothing was vegetarian apart from the appetizers) felt like something that should be served with a main dish, not a main dish itself. 
My meat-eating friends seemed to have a good meal, however. And our cocktails were yummy.I don't quite understand it. There's a pedigree here, obviously, and there's a demand. East Pass could desperately use a simple "contemporary American" BYO that delivers on a very simple promise: good food, good service, good times.
My lady and I have been looking forward to Fond's opening for quite some time, ever since one rainy night when we saw ongoing construction and a slightly water stained paper menu in the door. Having been there (finally) we left disappointed.
This is going to sound very harsh, mainly because we WANT people to succeed in this town. This is criticism, not trying to shit all over anyone.
Everything, from the bread, to the asparagus, to the ravioli, to the chicken mousse was undersalted. We let our waiter know, and the salinity was amped up during the entrees. That was nice.
The pickles accompanying the chicken mousse were better than the mousse itself. It's becoming abundantly clear that very few restaurants in Philly can lay down a solid liver app.
The filling for the butternut squash ravioli was delicious, but too thin. It was basically a soup that didn't know where its bowl went. The flavors were fine.
The entrees were strange. I ordered monkfish on the recommendation of my waiter. It was properly cooked, but the lentils it was resting on top of were grainy and uneventful. The "red wine jus" tasted of beef stock and nothing else. Where was the red wine? Where was the tannic pop and pizazz I was expecting? Also, why was the plate warmer than my food?
The lady ordered the chicken with pepper piperade and fingerlings. Overly sweet, the chicken was overcooked, and the entire plate seemed like an afterthought. She had the same problems with temperature that I did. 
We skipped dessert. 
Was I looking forward to disliking the joint? No, absolutely not. But I felt like I had stepped into someone's living room - someone with abhorrent taste in music and suspect taste in decor.
Pick it up, fellas! I want to be excited when I walk by. I want to stop and see something on your menu that will make me spit and froth and excitedly tell my friends about. Just give me a reason.Came here Wednesday night with a friend, the place was almost empty. We were seated and asked what type of water we wanted, then they opened our bottle of wine while we looked at the menu. Opted for the 5 course meal, but received a couple of extras, which was nice. We were first served the mushroom bisque in a tall shot glass, great flavor and texture.  The tuna tartare was next, average taste and presentation. Chicken mousse was next, very good flavor, better than most, grilled bread was great! I can't remember what the next course was, but I do remember that it had some type of a foam, which made the presentation look great, but when I ate it, I noticed the flavors that were already used in two of the other dishes. A nice sorbet was next, then the entrée. I was hoping for a red meat but they served pork belly instead. I thought it had a great flavor and nice presentation, but I don't think I would have chose that as an entrée on a 5 course meal. Dessert was good and had a nice presentation too. Overall, I thought this place was going to wow me, but it fell short. The place was dead, so I thought it gave the chef more time to impress. Don't get me wrong, the food was good to very good, as was the service, but I can get that anywhere in the city. This place is average gourmet, but the byob helps.The Passyunk area is really up-and-coming, which is saying something since "Passyunk" doesn't sound like an awesome place to partake in fine dining. I came here for my birthday actually after being turned down at other first-choice restaurants. I was worried Fond would taste like a second-choice place, but I was completely wrong. This tiny, sophisticated restaurant is brilliant. Lobster risotto had me licking the bowl. My memory fails me now... there was something delicious followed by something else delicious and then these little doughy things that sat beneath my short rib (I think it was short rib?) entree which were fabulous. Look, whatever it was it was great. You must try Fond.A warm and cozy BYO tucked on the quiet part of Passyunk, FOND is a wonderful little place.  We walked in reversation-less, and were told to wait at a bar down the road and that they'd come to get us as soon as our table was ready.  Not 20 minutes later, a gentleman came to fetch us- we were even able to bring our drinks next door- "he'll bring the glasses back later," explained the bartender who took us in while we waited.  "if you're lucky," our kind fetcher quipped.  Upon sitting down in this 10-or-so table gem, we were given an amuse bouche of warm butternut squash soup- a salty and punch gift from the chef who later came out to personally introduce himself.  The menu choices are slim- this much is true- but let it be said that each and every selection is purposeful and with reason- the theme of this menu is rich and indulgant.  
House-baked bread is quickly offered-  and this is no stale, freezer-burnt loaf.  Both the sourdough and the olive loaf were chewy on the inside but with enough bite to taste like something- something glorious indeed.
Because each dish on the menu sounds so very delicious, it's truly hard to pick.  Best pick the one that sounds the best to you right now and hope that your friends pass their plates to you.  The foie gras, a sinful delicacy of so many debates, was fatty and smooth and succulent- served with a flaky pastry, warm apple and some sort of whipped ricotta.  The beet salad was just as you'd expect- golden and red beets were served with a goat cheese cream, studded with walnut pieces.  I got the appetizer special- escargot bathed in a salty (in a good way) oxtail and butternut squash mixture with hazelnut floaters swimming around.  Nutty and rich and served in a way my snails have never been served before.
For entrees, our table got three.  The hanger steak was cooked perfectly- a good sear on the outside with beautifly barely cooked red meat on the inside- served with crispy polenta and a maitake mushroom that looked as unique as it tasted.  We also had the salmon= served with a leeky, lovely concoction they call fondue but i just call sauce.  Also coupled with the salmon was a crispy angel hair nest- a beauty on the plate and on the palate.  FInally- and most deliciously- a special of the evening: the monkfish.  Notoriously tough if not cooked correctly, monkfish is a tricky little bugger- and this one was cut into medallions, sauteed, and then sent to swim in a truffled lobster broth.  Although there were no actual lobster pieces- it was so uncanny, the broth SCREAMED of lobster.  The monkfish was served with crispy arugula alongside a perfect amount of the most rich butternut squash risotto i've ever encountered-  any more and you'd burst but just enough to thank the cows for their cream.  
The waiters truly appreciated their art- each dish was presented and explained and it really felt like they wanted to know how you were enjoying your meal.  The temperature and the ambiance were equally warm at Fond- i suspect it could become the place where everybody knows your name.  If i lived in Philadelphia, they'd definitely know mine.
Go to Fond.  Run, don't walk.  And get the monkfish!Squeeze tight! The person with the most space in this restaurant is the bartender. The dining tables generally seat two to four, although there seems to be a larger, separated area for private parties in the back. You just cannot expect to sit comfortably at the bar if you have any bulge. Somehow they think that they could  squeeze in two tables to the side of the bar AND three tall chairs in front of those two tables. The poor waiter had to wiggle in and out.
Anyways, bad dining configuration aside, everything I had here on the night of NYE fixed menu was lovely and delicious. My faves were the beef with lobster risotto and the tuna tartar. The bartender who took our orders was super nice and checked in often and the waiter explained each dish carefully.  
Overall, a great place for a date or just a few drinks.Fresh, seasonal food that I just adore. The menu is on the small side, but they have interesting specials, and the chefs emphasize organic, sustainable ingredients. The sweetbreads are always amazing. This is a really great restaurant that offers stellar service. And Philly mag is right--Steve is a fantastic waiter!Solid food, drinks, and service at Fond.  The restaurant is located in the chic neighborhood of Passyunk.
Recommended dishes:
- Seared foie gras: Perfect sear on perfectly seasoned foie gras.  Rhubarb, strawberries, and the cream cheese went very well.  We used our table bread to spread the foie gras on - yummy!
- Lobster and strawberry salad: Special of the evening and well worth the price.  Not much greens but that's okay!  Sweetness of the lobster meat and the strawberries paired well.
- Pork belly: Who knew the sweet potato would pair so well with pork belly.  My husband liked the dish better than I did.  Pork belly was very crispy on the outside but a little dry for me.
The skate wing was moist and tender.  Well seasoned.  Risotto was rich and creamy.  Would have liked a bit of contrast in terms of texture - the dish needs a little crunch. 
The cocktails were delish!  Try them.Excellent service at the bar. We got the last two seats on our anniversary night last February and the food was excellent! I cannot wait to go back! The value and quality of the food justified the expense. Well done!Had a great experience at Fond. The servers were kind and knowledgeable, never too pushy. The dishes were well spaced and we never felt rushed. The tuna crudo and seared scallops were incredible. I highly recommend them.Fond is a delight!
The food here is consistently good, creative and so modern!
Try everything, Fond is one of the very very very few restaurants in which I trust in the chef's menu.  The menu is limited for an excellent reason.  I only want to eat dishes a chef excels at and that's not 30 dishes every night!
Not everything here was perfect.  My fish was over cooked, the halibut sashimi appetizer was creatively and well paired w/ pomegranate seed, but it was not enough to brightened up the entire plate (a squirt of lemon would have been perfection).  But I tolerated the flaws, because these are genuinely thoughtful and flavorful dishes.  
The food here is not without flaws, but are fantastic nevertheless.
I highly highly recommend this restaurant.  
p.s.     the "flaws" I've mentioned may not be perceptible to most people.  I've just been trained to dissect  a dish so I notice more than most.  My fellow dining mates thought the food was amazing.  I agree, this restaurant, it's staffs and management deserves high praise for such a lovely eatery,Was in town for Terror Behind the Walls and decided to stop in based on Yelp reviews.  Was beyond impressed.  Service was beyond courteous and attentive - from the host, waiter, people who refilled water and brought bread.  Even the chef came out to ask how the meal was.  Provided some complimentary sides as well! 
Menu is a little limited  (no steak) but eveything was excellent.  The speciality cocktails were tasty, potent, and unique.  
Highly recommend!Went there today with my daughter for brunch.
Bloody Mary she as great bartender was very good
Crab omelette very nice we will be back
Nice experienceOutstanding food, impeccable service and a BYOB....fantastic combination. It was a pricey meal of $110 for 2 people without alcohol- but was so worth it!!Good martini. Great food.  Excellent service. Small portions.  Pork belly and swordfish were superb.mmm delicious! The best fois gras I've ever had. Possibly the best sweetbreads. The bread that's served is amazing--hunk of olives in the dough. Just divine. The waitstaff was delightful and attentive.Ate here a couple weeks ago, and still having wet dreams over the meal... 
Everything from start to finish was exquisite.  We were there for V-day so there was a prix fix menu, so not sure if they have some of this stuff regularly.  Started off with a seared foie gras, and can honestly say it was the best i have ever feasted on... Don't wanna sound like one of these hoity toity types, but I've been to Paris and Budapest, and this topped em all.  
For the meal got the Sturgeon, which was phenomenal... Wifey got the Bershire Pork Belly, which had nice 'textural contrast' as they say on the Food Network to go w some flavors that'll blow ur hair back.  I know its braised for hours on end to give you that 'melt in your mouth' feeling, and somehow they make the skin nice and crispy... 
Also had a butternut squash before the meal and some sort of scallop dish in between courses, which were both memorable.  Im not usually a dessert guy, but licked the plate clean.  Seemed like every element of every dish were working together perfectly.  Ole' Lee knows what he's doing back there.
Service was practically telepathic.I LOVE this place!!!! I walked by it for almost a year because, as a vegetarian, I thought there would be nothing for me. But once I went in, they made me a special vegetarian meal. Now I am a regular and leave my meal up to the chef- it never disappoints. The staff is so friendly and the food is always amazing. It's a great place to meet after work for a drink and a delicious appetizer and it adds a wonderful option to the East Passyunk restaurant scene. One of my favorites!!!Last night, my wife and I enjoyed a 9 course tasting menu at Fond and it was lovely.  I was not able to finish every single plate, but everything was made very, very well.  The risotto was excellent and had the perfect amount of creaminess while not being overpowered by the aromatics that flavored it.  The seared foie gras was exquisite and if it is available, I highly recommend it.  I have had foie gras in many forms and this is likely the best I had ever had.  The Atlantic skate was delicate and lovely.  I have not had a lot of skate, but if it is always like this, I would make it a point to get it as often as I could.  The chicken liver mousse was pretty fantastic as well, it is creamy, rich, but somehow also fluffy.  It is served with toast, but the mousse is a generous portion and you will need to ask for more toast.  Don't be shy, they'll get you some more.  The pork belly is both crispy and delicate.  I am a big fan of pork belly, but this is easily one of the most delicious I have ever had.
The meal was capped off with a delicious 2 course dessert that was preceded by a pre-dessert.  The dessert was very, very nice.  Not too sweet or too rich or too much.  The dark chocolate mascarpone cheesecake was simply awesome.  The Earl Gray creme was outstanding and fluffy and really set the whole dessert off wonderfully.  I was not a huge fan of the pre-dessert which was a pumpkin cake of some sort.  I don't like pumpkin except in soup.  I did not finish it.
The only complaints I would mention are that the wine list is a bit scant, the coolcumber cocktail is almost too light to taste, and the din in the restaurant can be overwhelming, especially for someone who works in a typically noisy environment and needs a break at dinnertime.
Overall, I would recommend Fond to anyone who is feeling a bit adventurous and is looking for a very nicely prepared, balanced dinner.  The staff is polite, helpful and not pretentious.  They know they have a good thing going here, but you have to figure it out on your own.I managed to score a last-minute prime-time Friday-evening reservation for my birthday dinner with my fiance, and I'm very, very glad I did. We had a fantastic experience at Fond. 
The service was the best I've ever had at a restaurant. The waitstaff worked together as one medium-sized, excellently choreographed, friendly team. It helped that our principal server was Tory Keomanivong, one of the co-owners of the restaurant, but really, everyone there was great. There was absolutely nothing snooty about it, one of my biggest turn-offs about restaurants of Fond's class and caliber. Each server was warm and inviting, friendly and with a sense of humor, and truly made us feel like guests. Tory, you're amazing at what you do. Thank you.
Wine service was terrific, with varietal-correct glassware. We both ordered the foie gras, which was really really really great. My fiance didn't care for the texture--she's a recently converted ex-vegetarian, and this was her first foie experience--so I got to have two servings. SCORE. I had the pork belly while she had strip loin steak. The pork belly was creamy and delicious with a nice square of delicious crispy skin; the Okinawan sweet potatoes were terrific too. My fiance's steak was done a perfect medium rare all the way through--impressive considering the thickness of the steak--and was strikingly tender. The farro-beet risotto was interesting; tasty and good but definitely one of the more modern pieces of the meal. Dessert was also very good; the peanut brittle with chocolate ice cream was very nice, and my poppy lemon cake was very tasty.
I had been worried about the space, service, and noise from previous reviews. I'm a big fan of Mercato, where it's usually deafening, but Fond was quiet and intimate (there were sound-absorbing panels on the ceiling; I wonder if those are a more recent addition). And, as mentioned, the service was truly superlative. Keeping in mind that we really liked the food, the food probably the weakest part of the whole experience, to the credit of the serving staff.
At the end of the meal, Tory came to us and introduced himself by name, shaking our hands and asking our names. He asked if there was anything else we would like, and I told him that we'd like to start over from the beginning of the meal and have another go-around. He laughed and said he'd get us the check. 
I wasn't joking!I can't believe it took me so long to try Fond. Absolutely amazing - one of the top meals I've had since moving to Philadelphia 4 years ago. There were so many appetizers we were interested in, we opted for several appetizers instead of entrees. They were nice enough to bring them out like a tasting and split each one into separate dishes for my husband and I without us even asking. We had the special that day, salmon poke, tuna crudo, wild boar pate, duck hearts, and another special goat cheese stuffed squash blossoms. We also ordered malt chocolate ice cream for dessert. They had overheard it was my husband's birthday and included a candle. The server was very friendly and knowledgeable about the dishes. So delicious, I will recommend Fond to everyone!We dined here on a Wednesday night, which meant no corkage fee for BYOB (only Tues - Thurs). We ordered Roasted Shrimp and the Heirloom Tomato Salad for appetizers. The shrimp was good but didn't blow me away. The tomato salad, on the other hand, struck the right balance between sweet and tangy, and it was delicious. 
For the main course, I ordered the Skate Wing, which arrived deboned in beautiful fillets, on a bed of corn risotto with pancetta, with avocado mousse and a sweet glaze. This was my first time trying skate, so I didn't know what to expect. I was pleasantly surprised by the texture and the taste of the fillets. Though skate meat is somewhat "stringy", the fillets were tenderly cooked. The meat tasted sweet and went well with the corn and the glaze. My friends ordered the Wagyu Skirt Steak, which they both liked but I found a bit bland. 
For dessert, we went with the Blueberry and Peach Tart and the Cannolis. Both were excellent.
For the most part, the service was great. Our main server came across too authoritative/serious when we asked questions about menu items. A younger server, though, was friendly and fun. 
Overall, we enjoyed the dining experience, and I'd like to go back and try the tasting menu next time!We celebrated our wedding anniversary at Fond and were very impressed. The service was top notch and the tasting menu was one of the best in the city. We will definitely be back!Had reservations for a Tuesday night at 7, and by 8, the placed was PACKED. The restaurant itself is pretty small, seating about 30 customers. There is one small bathroom near the kitchen that has nice soap. :)
We got the:
Veal Sweetbread - MUST get
Tuna Crudo - very good
Berkshire Pork Belly - very good
Beef Short Ribs - pretty good
Duck Breast - best dish of the night
Warm Chocolate brownie - meh
Peanut Butter Brittle thingy - meh
I expected the pork belly to be the winner (from other reviews), but it was the duck breast. A-MA-ZING.  Pork belly and ribs were so tender that when we were sharing food, the meat just split by itself. Main entrees were really good.
The dessert was blah. Capo Giro is next door (with odd hours on odd days), so I would save the $ and go there. 
Last thing, there were only 2 servers for a 30-customer restaurant. It took forever to order, get food, and pay. 
This street has a bunch of nice, cute restaurants, so I'll be checking out the other establishments.Had a fantastic meal here this past weekend.  Service was top notch and the food was a home run.  Fond deserves its accolades.
The Maitre'd is very inviting and the whole staff will make you feel comfortable.  There's a good touch of elegant dining mixed with a comfortable, light and airy setting.  Yes, the restaurant is a bit small but the crowd is a good one.  :)
We went on a cold, blustery night and while the large windows must look great in the spring/summer, in the chill of winter they were a bit of a problem but the staff was kind enough to sit us elsewhere with nary a blink of an eye.
On to the food.
They brought us a mushroom soup in a double shot glass as the amuse bouche.  It was the perfect, hot and savory way to begin the experience.
The bread was olive and/or sourdough.  I, of course, did both, the olive was my fav.  Yum.  I started with some meaty oysters from R.I.  The mignonette was heavy on the scallions, which I loved (and my DP probably did not).
I had a green salad with endives, which was outstanding.  The dressing and tomatoes were the perfect accompaniments.
My main course was the special fish, which was an opah (related to red snapper), which, again, was out of this world.  Perfectly cooked, flakey, buttery center with a nice crisp outer layer.  The sauce was light and did well with the vegetables.
We opted to do the cheese course, which was a letdown.  It was not served with bread or any crackers (what?), although they certainly brought some at our request.  In addition, there were only three types of cheeses, all were hard cheeses, one was a Gouda that I could have found at my local Supermarket, and the last was a melting cheese meant for Fondues.  I was a little perplexed.  We passed on dessert because I was in a mood at that point.  ;)
Overall, the experience was outstanding and I left full and happy.  There is a surprisingly good wine list considering it is not particularly extensive.This is just for drinks at the bar but we will definitely be back for dinner now. The drinks we had were amazing! I believe Christian was the name of our bartender and he was very personable and knowledgeable without a hint of pretentiousness that usually accompanies skilled mixologists. The crowd was very friendly and the food smelled so amazing. Can't wait to go back.My second trip to Fond wasn't absolutely perfect but it was good enough for me to give it the full five stars this time around.
One thing you should all know:  Fond does not take American Express.
My boyfriend was taking me out and this card was all he had after losing his wallet a couple weeks before.  I tried to find out from Fond's website whether they did but their website doesn't even say whether they take cards at all (though I knew that they did already).  I also tried calling in early afternoon but no one answered.
Ultimately I can't blame them for me not knowing they took AMEX but my boyfriend had to go back to my place to get his cash and that was annoying.  But the server was very gracious about the whole thing and gave us a comment card for us to vent about this issue (we recommended they put this info on the website).
The food was so scrumptious.  The only inperfection I found, if it is one, was that the foie gras seemed to have some veins (?) in it which made it difficult to cut at times.  It's my understanding that these things can be painstakingly removed but I'm not a chef.  Regardless it was cooked perfectly and tasted amazing with the peaches, hazelnut cookie and what all else.  Also quite striking was the second appetizer, a wonderfully creamy corn risotto that hits you with a punch of sherry right up front before subsiding.  The dish includes pancetta and an avocado puree which I enjoyed very much.
My boyfriend's salmon was very tasty and had a lovely crispy skin.  I liked my own swordfish even better.  It was cooked just perfectly and now I realize that the last grilled swordfish I had (at another restaurant) was way overcooked.  The royal trumpet mushrooms were also perfect and I don't remember what was in the sauce but it was great.  The grilled red spring onion was also good although very stringy and difficult to cut up.  The dish didn't need it, even.
Desserts, as last time, were fantastic--boyfriend had the chocolate ice cream with brittle which we had last time and seems to have a permanent place on the menu.  I opted for what ended up being probably the best creme brulee I've ever had, topped with cherries, a cookie and what all else.  It was at this point that I was very glad I'd brought a bottle of LBV Port I'd been holding onto for awhile in addition to the Moore Bros.-recommended wine we had for the first two courses.
The thing I am most pleased to say is that unlike last time, the salt on all the courses was absolutely perfect the whole way through.  Well done, Fond.Small, neighborhood restaurant with good quality food.
Foie gras with peaches:  can't get FG in California anymore, so we always order it when it's on the menu. We were not disappointed.  Not a large portion but it was well prepared with classic sweet (peaches), FG and crunch.
Skate with gnocchi and roasted veggies: Excellent preparation of this fish (pan fried crisp) and Loved the gnocchi texture.
Pork belly over black beans: hubby thought the pork belly and beans were perfectly matched, of course.   
** Would order all three dishes again
Coconut mouse dessert:  this was overall good, but I felt that the passion fruit sauce was too tart for the cake/mouse.  Loved the brûlée bananas.
Choc malt ice cream with peanut brittle and chocolate crunch:  This was just ok.  Oddly, I felt that the ice cream wasn't cold enough.  It didn't melt but it was almost too soft.  I guess I like my ice cream firm and very frozen.Excellent food and quality. Some of my favorites were the foie gras and oyster appetizer.  Service is fantastic. Would definitely come back again!Thanks Chef for a fabulous dinner last night! My husband and I enjoyed every minute of it from the superb scallop ceviche to the buttery flakey skate (yes! The skate! ;) ) to the chocolate mousse one could die for! Even the conversations were a joy. Very knowledgeable and talented group of people here. The chef takes great pride in his work which is evident with every bite. I highly recommend one of the tasting menus for anyone who wants to go on one of the best culinary adventures Philadelphia has to offer.  We can't wait until we go back for more. Cheers!My friend and I went for brunch this past weekend, which Fond just started offering. I had the duck confit, leeks, and gruyere omelet with toast, greens, and hash browns. It was PERFECT. I love my hash browns a little burnt and crispy and these definitely were. Ask for butter and preserves for the toast, it's a game changer. My friend got the bacon, egg, and cheese croissant (also with greens and hash browns) and it was HUGE and delicious. The prices were reasonable, we got out for less than $30. I HIGHLY recommend it, I can't wait to go back.Hands down our favorite BYO... actually... it's a tie with Bibou.
The pan seared foie gras is amazing - you'll want to get one to go.
The staff is wonderful and attentive - we love Steve!
The menu changes fairly regularly - monthly? I'm not sure. I like when restaurants change their menus with the seasons.I have been here a few times now and I can confidently say this place is "the bomb" of BYOBs.  The atmosphere is simple, warm and cozy.  Very cozy in fact.  The tables are so close, you can hear other diners conversations.  But it doesn't take away from the experience.  The foie gras is amazing, although later the chef told me it's not a hard dish to mess up.  The chicken was perfectly cooked and the shrimp bouillabaisse was creative in it's presentation (a few large shrimp, roasted vegetables, and a little bit of broth).   And the desserts.....just thinking about them my salivary glands are going into overdrive.  The cheesecake melts in your mouth and the malted chocolate ice cream with peanut butter brittle was a perfect sweet and salty combo.
A must try!This place is so good. Everything we ordered was delicious. And they split things up for us in two without us asking. Excellent service and really good food. Worth it.Loved it!  My husband and I went there a couple weeks ago for date night.  We had a little bit of trouble figuring out a good way to get there - it's kind of equidistant from all highways, but well worth the trouble.  It's BYOB, which is always awesome, and it has a cozy yet upscale feel.  
My husband had the sweetbreads as an app and a steak special for dinner and he enjoyed it.  But let's focus on what's important here - my meal.  I had a special app that was some sort of watermelon and cucumber with a maybe feta sauce?  Sounded a little strange but it was delicious - nice and light and made me feel like I was being a little adventurous, because I was getting the pork chop for dinner.  But at Fond, let me tell you, it is not just a pork chop, it is a pork experience.  And is served with a german potato salad that might be better than my grandma's (sorry, Gram).  Finished it off with an apricot tart of some sort, which was also delicious.  
Wonderful night out and probably one of my top 10 meals ever - can't wait to go back!Three of us enjoyed a great byob meal recently at Fond in South Philly (not far from Pat's and Geno's). A very small menu, and we had a good cross-section of it with the $65 tasting menu. Unfortunately, it was too dark to take any photos.
MENU:
-Amuse-bouche: roasted mushroom soup shooter...as good as Blackfish's
-Beet & fennel-cured arctic char with celery root, trout roe and caraway...lovely dish
-Wild boar pate with sourdough bread and Dijon mustard...a large slice of rustic pate, and interestingly the mustard/pate was a great match for the orange wine
-Escargot with bell peppers, garlic foam and toasted baguette...smelled amazing
-Seared skate wing, Meyer lemon risotto, edamame, soy brown butter...the delicate crisp on the skate was amazing, but the risotto wasn't very lemony and a bit over-cooked
-Palate cleanser: Campari and pink grapefruit sorbet
-Braised Berkshire pork belly, Okinawa sweet potatoes, escarole and Dijon jus...this had the most crispy skin I've ever tasted on a piece of pork (Amada eat your heart out)
-Pre-dessert: Meyer lemon layer cake with poppy seed genoise, pistachio sauce and crispy rosemary meringue
-Brown butter cheesecake
-Malted milk chocolate ice cream, peanut brittle, chocolate crumble and peanut butter ganache
-Ginger meringues
WINES:
-'06 Donnhoff Schlohbockelheimer Felsenberg Riesling Spatlese (a fantastic wine, available at PCLB)
-'00 Marcel Deiss Altenberg de Bergheim Grand Vin
-'04 Massa Vecchia Bianco Maremma Toscana IGT
-'96 Domaine Arlaud Morey St. Denis 1er Cru Les Ruchots Cuvee Unique
-'00 Domaine Michel Lafarge Volnay 1er Cru Clos des Chenes
-'90 Olga Raffault Chinon Les Picasses
-'07 Seghesio Family Vineyards Zinfandel Sonoma County
-'05 Chateau Haut-Bergeron Sauternes (375 mL)
-'01 Feiler-Artinger Ruster Ausbruch Pinot Cuvee (375 mL)
Some of the previous posts on Fond complained about the noise level, but frankly, I really don't know what they were talking about. The atmosphere and service were great, parking wasn't to bad (there's street meters, a lot a block away, or try the Acme lot 3 blocks away), and the three owners visited every table. I wish I had been half that talented when I was 25 years old!
A tiny neighborhood gem.
Slainte!My boyfriend took me to Fond the night I found out I passed my nursing boards, and it really solidified the day as the best ever! This is certainly the restaurant to come to celebrate something, and we took it to the next level by getting the seven courses with wine pairings. 
Each course was substantial and phenomenal. If I extolled the virtues of every course we'd be here all day, so I'll just highlight some of my favorites. 
The scallop with risotto in lobster sauce, delicious! Best scallop ever, and that sauce was a culinary masterpiece. Chicken liver pate, interesting! Eating essentially a meat flavored mousse is out of my comfort zone, but Fond makes it easy to be adventurous since everything is perfection. And the pita bread served with this dish is the truth. Escargot, delightful! It was served with spinach and cheese which was a new take on an old favorite, and I'm down with it.  Pork belly, what the what! I've never had it before and it was amazeballs.  
The wines were expertly paired with each course and complimented each other so nicely. The extremely competent and attentive waiter explained the flavor profiles of each wine and why it was paired with the particular dish. 
The pacing of the dinner was perfect as well. There was ample time between courses to enjoy thoroughly. The seven course dinner took over two hours, but we were happy to sit back and eat delicious food and sip fabulous wine at a slow pace. 
Fond is officially my new favorite restaurant. I hope I have some other life accomplishment so someone takes me here again!Cozy, attentive staff, and delicious food!
The only way to describe my meal is awesome. We went there for first time last night, which also happened to be Restaurant Week. I would recommend everything I ate. Roasted acorn squash with beets and goat cheese, mushroom soup, golden beet risotto (an off menu vegetarian item that was special made), and the mocha cake with whiskey ice cream. Get whatever dessert comes with their whiskey ice cream. It is divine!
Our waiter, G, was great! He asked about any dietary restrictions or allergies, and made sure I had an awesome meat-free meal. The rest of the waitstaff was also very nice, and made sure we always had enough to drink and that our bread plates were never empty. 
Hats off to the chef for being so hospitable. When my boyfriend called to see if a vegetarian main dish could be substituted on the Restaurant Week menu, he overheard the chef say that he would "make anything to accommodate anyone".  
Tip: BYO Tues-Thurs, $10 corkage fee on Friday and Saturday. They also have a full bar every night.Safe but enjoyable menu choices; high marks for execution; okay marks for service.  A good place for a night out with another couple or for a casual date. 
Went with a party of 4 for dinner Friday nigh, 8 pm reservation.  Shortly before 7, the restaurant called to ask us to come at 8:30 or, preferably, later.   Sounds like a nice thing to do -- given that there is no bar to wait at -- but  we had a sitter at home, and I basically told the hostess we could no later than 8:30.  Our table was ready when we arrived. 
In chronological order, the "baked on premises" sourdough and olive bread was good, but no match for Metropolitan's.  The amuse bouche of equal parts cream of mushroom soup and truffle oil shouldn't have happened, ever.  Our apps of chicken liver moose (excellent), ravioli (decent, but too sweet and overwhelmed by the nuts on top);  and big-eye tuna crudo (very bland) were clearly safe choices, but well executed.  For entrees, we had scallops, arctic char, striped bass (special) and chicken (very good). 
The waiter was incomprehensible.  His soft speaking voice was drowned out by a group of 8 middle aged women celebrating something or other.   He disappeared at the end of the meal and we had to ask multiple times for our check.  
This place is no better or worse than a dozen other BYOs in Philly.I've eaten at a lot of nice restaurants in my lifetime and this one was right up there.  We were referred to it by a couple of friends and from the outside were a little reluctant to go.  We ate at the bar and actually arrived when it first opened.  The white wine choice was excellent and it was happy hour -- even better.  I had swordfish over a English pea puree.  Most amazingly, moist, delicious swordfish I've ever had!  I've never seen a chef brave enough to service swordfish medium rare.  It was delectable.  My husband had a filet of some sort sliced over a bed of unique risotto.  I was so caught up in my own meal I didn't rob any of his.  Excellent find, amazing service, superb drinks -- oh and don't forget to try the olive bread...they make their own.Make sure to order the Skirt steak! Delicious. Warm apple pie and crab truffle bake was also amazing. Good wine list and BYOB Tuesday to Thursday! Nice location and dining room. Sweet potatoes that accompanied the pork belly were god awful things. That said that's literally my only negative. Super attentive staff. Well worth a visit.We have been trying to make it to Fond for a while now and it finally worked out. We went on the night before New Year's Eve. We walked in and were say immediately at a table near the door. Fond installs an extra entryway during the cold months and it was quite effective at keeping the cold out but the windows are not sealed well at all so there was a constant breeze, luckily we were already dressed in sweaters and there was a small heater at our table. On to the food.....
We ordered a few cocktails to begin the meal and they were good and strong. We started off with a few appetizers, the scallops and the steak tar-tare which was a special. The scallops were awesome and the accompanying cranberry sauce was very nice. The steak tar-tare was good but it was a little salty I believe from the amount of capers that were used. If this was the chef's intention then he achieved it, the bread that accompanied the tar-tare worked to balance the saltiness out a bit. For entrees we went with the skate with squash risotto and the arctic char with gnocchi and mushroom gray sauce. The one knock against the entrees was the squash risotto that came with the skate, there was a super intense pumpkin spice and/or nutmeg flavor and again if that was chef's intention he achieved it, it was just a little over-powering to me personally. Overall everything was wonderful and we thoroughly enjoyed everything. We ended the meal with a few desserts, the vanilla bean creme brulee and malted milk chocolate ice cream. Both were outstanding.Food was very good as well as service. Just had dinner there tonight. Yes I would go back.Instantly one of our favorite byobs in the city. Located on the revitalized passyunk avenue of small, charismatic restaurants, Fond offers everything a byob should. The atmosphere is simple yet trendy. The service is fast. The food is amazing. Highly recommend the lobster risotto in hazelnut sauce, the grilled Spanish octopus, and the skate. Will definitely be back.Mediocre at best.  The Hamachi appetizer was served at an unappetizing warm temperature.  A wonderful fish was doused with dressing by an overzealous chef with a heavy hand on the red onion.  A kernel like accompaniment with the persimmon was distracting.  And Yes, you read that correctly-a dressing.  They were out of a wine by the glass that I ordered.  The foie gras was moderate temperature upon arrival.  Our entrees included the Lamb Stroganoff and pork belly which were average.  We shared the hazelnut and chocolate dessert which was refined but typical.  Our before dinner drinks included the bourbon with honey and truffle and a tequila drink.  Both were very good.  If you like truffle I would suggest the bourbon-honey/truffle drink.Definitely a cute spot for dinner. The food here has a special taste to everything.I came here with my brother and sister and we had a great time. The service was good. It kind of depends on who you get as your server though. Some servers were more enthusiastic than others. The food is excellent. I had the skate wing. It was cooked to perfection and the sauce was perfect. The place is pretty pricey but I loved the food. Probably will be a once in blue moon special occasion spot for me.My friend and I splurged on the five course tasting menu [pics soon] and it was absolutely divine. We started with tartare with coconut sauce. The coconut sauce and the fresh fennel were the perfect touches to this dish. I quite shocked myself by eating--and really enjoying--raw meat! I rarely even eat *cooked* meat. This was followed by a nice amuse-bouche of chilled watermelon soup, which my friend was less impressed by than I was. Next was a very generous helping of country pate with Dijon mustard. Both the flavor and the texture of the pate were perfect. I'm always disappointed when the mustard isn't sharp enough, though, and it certainly wasn't. But that's a tiny gripe. The next course was grilled Atlantic Char with couscous and a yogurt sauce. The skin was crispy perfection and the fish was tender, moist, and flavorful. I really love how the folks at Fond combine unexpected flavors and textures. By this point, my friend and I thought that we were going to burst from all that food. We asked for a ten minute breather which the server smilingly gave us. We were also given a nice refreshing sorbet in the meantime. Ten minutes later, they got in four generous slices of tenderloin. It's a credit to their very fine cooking that my friend and I managed to finish the dish even thought both of us were feeling more than a little sick because of how much we'd gorged. By the time the fifth course arrived, we thought we'd be stuck firm in our seats! The dessert was a small bit of cheesecake and a scoop of malted chocolate ice cream. The cheesecake was simple and very good. The ice cream was good but the chocolate sauce and the candied nuts made it too sweet for my--and my friend's--liking. With tip, the total came to ~$135. We left the restaurant feeling like boa constrictors who'd eaten one plump mule too many.
Anyhow, I suppose that's quite a bit to spend on a meal but it was worth every dollar that we couldn't afford. I'll probably have to live on bread and water for the rest of the month, but it'll be worth it. I'm going right back the next time I have some money to spare. Or even if I don't!
Oh and, before I forget, the service was wonderful! I called a few times to change the time and then I asked to be seated outdoors but then, when we arrived, we realized how hot it was and they seated us indoors without any hassle. I'm having a hard time finding anything wrong with this place...Loved everything I tried at Fond!! The food was very flavorful. I recommend the steak and the mozzarella appetizer. The duck confit special was also delicious. The staff was very nice and helpful when we asked questions about the menu. Definitely a must try!My wife and I took a ride into South Philly for dinner last night, and based on an online recommendation, found Fond.  The seating area was small, about 10 tables, in what was once the living room and dinning room of a South Philly row house.  It kind of reminded us of some of the small SoHo bistros in New York.
Our young server was friendly and attentive, and both the chef and one of the owners took time to talk to us.
The menu selection was small and "interesting".  Not every item was to our liking.  We both chose a salad, which was very fresh, but small and at $10, over priced for its size.  For our main courses, my wife had the skate, which she described as excellent, and she is a tough critic.  I had the duck breast which was very tender, and cooked just perfect.  Both excellent choices and recommendations from our server, and not over priced.
Dessert was mixed.  My wife went for a dish of malted ice cream with chocolate and peanuts.  It was good, but could have had more ice cream.  I chose the canolis.  They were excellent with Carmel sauce and sour cherries, and were from a local bakery down the street.
Fond is a BYOB, so that kept the check to a somewhat reasonable $98 for the two of us.  Dirt cheap by New York standards, and not at all out of line for Philadelphia.
I would definitely recommend Fond and make a return visit.  Next time, though, I would probably skip the appetizer / salad, and just have entree and dessert.Spectacular and inventive food, stellar service, real and personal attention from the two world-class chefs that own it.  A perfect addition to Passyunk East and by far the best BYO in Philadelphia.We go here for date night several times per year, and it's best during a brisk summertime evening. The service is great and the food is too. The price is reasonable for the area. I had never eaten a skate wing before and really enjoyed it.After reading many fabulous reviews, I finally made it to Fond! My husband and I met friends for a Saturday night dinner. We all loved the food, the atmosphere and the vibe. As others have pointed out, the Foie Gras (appetizer) and Pork Belly (main) were highlights, but everything was delicious -- the perfect balance of flavor and texture. The cocktails were great too. The restaurant was very busy but the service was both gracious and unhurried. Perfect spot for a date night or group dinner -- I highly recommend a visit!