Today I ordered the Stuffed Salmon entree. The salmon was delicious, I just wish they would use fresh vegetables as oppose to frozen or canned. I can't stand the taste of canned or frozen vegetables.This was really disappointing, normally diner food is really enjoyable and one of the people in our group had eaten here before. I ordered a breakfast sandwich, which we had to wait for because the kitchen gave away the first one and tried to give the second one away until our waitress caught it. 
My sandwich was okay, but I did notice the bread had mold on it which we quietly brought to our server's attention. She was very apologetic and brought it to the kitchen. She then came back out and explained the chef said it was from cutting spinach for the Eggs Florentine we had ordered. The spot was no where near where the bread had been sliced, and the color was more blue than green. It took a brief discussion with our server to have the sandwich removed from the check. So they're either cross contaminating the knives they're using or they're trying to serve their customers mold. We also never received the grits we ordered which they removed with no issue. 
Jessica the waitress was very apologetic the whole time, and very sweet. The kitchen staff should be ashamed.It's a diner which is exactly what you want for a good, big breakfast before a long day. Seems to be where a lot of locals go which is where I like to be. Great prices for a downtown restaurant.Large portions of good food at reasonable prices.  Solid value.  The chocolate chip pancakes are close to perfection.Looks like a dive from the outside, but it's a very clean, well-kept place with friendly, prompt service.  And like most all diners, a large menu with lots of choices. 
As a visitor from out of state, I was looking for scrapple. Just can't get that anywhere else. As a visitor from the south, I was surprised to see grits on the menu (but didn't try them). They have Tabasco sauce, too. A great addition to any breakfast. In my humble, Louisiana influenced opinion. 
The scrapple was fried super crispy and piping hot.  It's sliced pretty thin and almost all crust. Could be a little thicker. Everything was hot and fresh cooked. Eggs in the omelette were just a little overdone, but not yet rubbery. "Home fries" are good, with a crispy crust, but more a pile of potatoes somewhere between mashed and small chunks. But still pretty good. 
The only distraction here is the bickering among the staff. With an open kitchen, there's just no place to hide. 
Overall, a good, standard diner with a good breakfast. Unless you are looking for yogurt and fruit. None of that nonsense on the menu here.Came here for breakfast. Service is great. Good was excellent. I had western omelette and the other in group had cheese steak omelette. Both were very tasty. just right and fast.Delicious pancakes, crispy bacon, and friendly smiles from the staff all around. I love this place. So much so that I had to stop and write this review :) Great customer service is not always a first priority of restaurants and other businesses these days, so it really made my day to see that these people were so genuine and nice.Yo. I just ordered from Foods on First today for the first time, and like... wow! I live in University City and I'm always on the search for a delicious breakfast spot. I've tried it all... but today I chose Foods on First (via Uber Eats) and it was top notch! By far one of the best omelettes... and the grits!! Being from Florida I'm super picky with my grits and they were soooo good! Thanks for the bomb breakfastBreakfast was amazing this morning tasted like breakfast from home.  Would definable eat from here again or recommend to anyone.  Delivery was quickReview from 2010
I work across the street at the MSB, with free delivery and a great cook. You can't beat that, so friendly and good food!! Yummy, I eat lunch there alomost three times a week, large portions for the price. This was before the new management.
_______________________________________________________________
Updated -2012
It is under new management, and instead of remembering that there was a client base of weekday workers, they are focused instead on tourists and overcharging them. This is diner food not worthy of overpriced center city rates.They tried to charge me $5.00 for get this wheat toast, tomato, and lettuce- no mayo, no meat! And told me it was for the effort. Seriously?! Haven't been back since, please. Forget about it.I never even knew about this place until last year's vacation, when I rolled my luggage past it on the way to my hotel. I never visited then, because my hotel offered breakfast (and I wasn't in that part of downtown at lunchtime). This time, I was on my way to Reading Market on Saturday morning, and remembered this place. It was open, so I gave it a shot. (One of my rules: always eat where the locals eat.)
Very nice breakfast. The friendly waitress showed me to a side table, against the wall; even so, there was plenty of space. I got one of the morning's specials: a sausage-feta-and-tomato omelet. It was delicious: very well prepared, not overcooked. It came with home fries (firm and tasty, not overcooked) and toast (they do offer multigrain, which I had). The coffee was fine, and the server was generous with refills, which I always appreciate.
I'll return there on my next visit; if not for breakfast, maybe for lunch!Stopped into this cool tiny diner while in town for a conference at the convention center (PCC). Foods on first has a great location, an easy walk (a block or two) from PCC but feels miles away from the hustle & bustle of the CBD. Like a great neighborhood go-to joint. Anyway, I walked in and was greeted immediately, the smiling host telling me to sit wherever I liked. About half of the tables had patrons at around 10am on a Sunday. I ordered a bagel sandwich (bacon egg & cheese) w/ a side of home fries. Service was quick and everything was delicious (see pic). It all tasted freshly prepared, and the portions were sizable. My only possible complaints would be that the the prices were $1-2 more per item than I'd expect for a place like this, and the odd location of the bathroom (down stairs, sort of outside of the restaurant space). That could be a problem if your mobility is impaired. But for me, those things weren't bad enough to stop them from 5 stars on this visit. Would recommend!
Pros:
Great food
Convenient location 
Quick service 
Relaxed casual vibe 
Decent prices 
Cons:
Bathroom is downstairsFoods on First is a good place to go if you're looking for a cost effective and tasty breakfast with friendly service. I have to say every employee I've encountered there has been so pleasant, friendly, and good at their job. 
Now I think their strong suit is their breakfast. They serve breakfast lunch and dinner all day long but in my opinion the lunch and dinner options are mostly mediocre. 
Off the breakfast menu I would recommend  the French toast for sure! Foods on First french toast is so moist and buttery! It's one of my favorite things on the menu. The pancakes and omelettes are both filling and delicious. If it's on the breakfast menu it's going to be good.The waitstaff was nice and attentive but not creepy ( you know what I mean). Beside the cop staring me down (#mylifematters) it's was well worth walking past trashed out LOVE park to get there.I eat here weekly for breakfast. It's absolutely delicious each time. Needless to say, I don't eat anywhere else for breakfast. I would definitely suggest this for both delivery and sit-in breakfasts!Best Turkey clubhouse Ive ever had! Super quick delivery! Love this place! Order is always tasty and perfect.. Fries are also great!My go to breakfast spot when working in this part of center city. Quick service, reasonable price, the eggs are right and they never burn my toast.I got a burger from here, for the price it is way below average.
It felt like I was eating a mixture of tasteless rubber and rat meat. 
(I never had rat meat before... I'm just trying to describe the imagery that flashed in my head and I forced myself to swallow each chunk.)
I was extremely hungry, and I couldn't bring myself to finish it.
I'll give them 2 stars because they were open at odd hours.Food on first got a orn muffin sandwich egg and cheese with chipolata sause good as hell.The delivery service was fast but the fries were soggy and cold. I ordered the buffalo chicken wrap and it did not indicate that it came with onions so I was unpleasantly surprised that it was full of onions...so, I guess you need to specify since they don't what you do/do not want on your sandwich.Very fast delivery (especially considering the wet weather) through Grub Hub - took less than 20 minutes. However, the club I received was actually a triple decker (there's a difference) and was falling apart. Bread was soggy and messy.They had great service and great food!!! They catered lunch for wedding prep  day and they were amazingI ordered through GrubHub while at the office because we were all starving and feeling like takeout. We ordered about 10 items ranging from eggs Benedict to burgers. The delivery was so fast and the food was all very hot and delicious. Everyone from the office gave a big thumbs up.Exactly what it should be. I have ordered lunch from here a few times and every time the over the phone service was very nice and to the point,delivery was fast, food was inexpensive and large, and was good considering it's a fast service place. I will be ordering a fast lunch again.This was exactly what I was looking for. East coast diner with food and service that made me feel at home after several months on the other coast. 
The staff was very friendly and attentive. Omelette was a big portion for a good price, given the center city location. I got the City omelette and home fries with oinions and peppers. It hit the spot! Home fries were crispy on the outside and soft inside just how I like them! Eggs were well mixed with filling and we'll cooked. 
This place isn't fancy or innovative in terms of decor or food. But if you want a good, filling breakfast of traditional diner fare, I'd definitely recommend it.Stopped in hoping to get a cup of coffee en route to a temp assignment nearby, but was a tad bit disappointed when they only had creamer and offered to add it for me behind the counter, since I usually prefer skim milk and to add it to my coffee myself.  Regardless, I settled on a green tea.  I would have grabbed a bite to eat as well, but since I was on a time crunch, the man at the counter so graciously gave me a menu.  If I'm in the area again, I'd be willing to try their food.Ehhh no thanks. Ordered a BLT and a reuben for delivery. Food arrived hot but soggy. The bacon on my BLT was fairly undercooked and the fries were super super soft and soggy, there was actual condensation on them. Reuben was alright, though a little messy. Won't be ordering from here again.Just came here to get a breakfast sandwich to go before getting on the bus and the staff were so friendly and nice and made the sandwich literally within minutes and it was really really good. Didn't even need hot sauce or anything because the cheese was dispersed so well. I'm such a nerd for saying that. Yeah highly recommend it's a great spot!I have passed this place many times over the years but it always looked creepy to me so I never ventured in.  Well, today I HAD to get breakfast stat - and decided to go inside.
Good food (solid diner fare) to go, nice ladies at the counter.
I'll be back for a lunch soon!This is probably your best diner option just north of city hall. I often order delivery, mainly breakfast. Like when I'm craving pancakes. They're not bad at all and they're delivery guy is on point!My husband and I discovered this awesome place the other day. We wanted something to eat and just about walked into their sidewalk sign.  It read Pernil, rice, tostones and salad.  It sounded good.  Boy was it!!!! The food was awesome.  The staff was amazing, Jamie helped us and was so friendly and funny.  But everyone was so friendly.  It's worth another trip.  
Great food. Great people. Definitely worth the trip.
Thanks everyone!!!!A decent diner close to our hotel made this our go to for breakfast.  The staff is super friendly, and the portions are more than generous.  I had the sausage, egg, and cheese sandwich with a side of grits, and it hit the spot.  Got the turkey bacon and cheese omelette the next day with grits and a side of rye toast, and it was more than I could eat.  Food is prepared quickly and is tasty.  Why don't my omelettes turn out like these?  
This is a no frills diner, so those expecting a "unique personal dining experience" should move on.  Order food, eat food, pay for food.  I go to diners to gorge on diner food, and this place meets the requirements.  
Did not try the lunch menu or dinner, but the waitress gave us a take out menu if we wanted to order something for delivery that night.  Thoughtful touch for three obvious visitors to the city.  Didn't feel like I was being ripped off either. Liked to watch the locals come and go in the morning, seems like the staff knew everyone by name.Great Service, Great Food and Great Value.   Enjoyed breakfast several times here.  Food was yummy, well prepared and fresh.  If you want a solid breakfast with friendly people, check them out !After the server brought me a cup of tea, a cockroach nonchalantly walked from one end of my table to the other during my first and last ever visit in October 2016. 
End of review.I just had surgery so I can't walk very fast I ordered a Reuben with Cheese fries. No Russian dressing no cheese on my fries. I called they said someone would be there shortly no one ever showed up. Horrible Service Never order from here againService is 100 %
I had a special  pancakes and eggs with scrapple on the side grilled well done
Super friendly
Good food decent price
Takes credit cards
I'll be backThe food and feel of this restaurant is that of one you can find in almost any town big or small. Food is reasonably priced and quite good. Rose was a great help and makes the best iced coffee I've ever had. Highly recommend if you're in the downtown philly area. The restaurant is close to city hall, the LOVE park and avenue of the arts. Great choice!The food was good and the service is awesome! Super friendly , made us feel very welcomed!! Thank you!We found this place by total accident. We were running late and there were 8 of us that needed to eat fast because we had an appointment.
Anyway, the guy was super helpful, got us seated and fed in record time and everything was good. Even something to eat for us vegetarians. 
It's a diner, not fancy, but staff was nice and food was good. (Bathrooms could use a little TLC)I was traveling with a group of friends into Philly for a weekend and our group of 9 ate here not once for brunch but TWICE in one weekend. Ang provided excellent service and everyone was very welcoming and warm - from the wait staff to cooks. The price was right also, so don't believe what you hear about this place being expensive in the other reviews. They even accommodated my very special order, which is a hiugToo expensive for the product that they put out. The two young ladies at the register very nice. So that's what my two stars are for...Nothing special - run of the mill, dated decor and average food. My turkey  club was pretty good mostly because it was fresh roasted turkey. The fries were crispy and hot as the food was freshly prepared. What impressed me was the friendly service and attentive staff!The food was okay. I got a breakfast deluxe. Great portion size. However just like previous comments, it does not have the best customer service. And also they need to work on the cleanliness of the restaurant. It's definitely outdated and not the cleanest. 
I see potential, however work out the kinks.The best thing I had here was my bottled water.
I ordered a cheeseburger in the patty had no flavor. It did not taste like not beef. My fries were either super light indicating they were fresh or they were burnt as hell indicating they didn't clean out the fryer when they made my batch of fries. The cinnamon raisin toast was good. I wouldn't recommend this place. Maybe I should have gotten a breakfast sandwich.
My stomach hurts.Finally discovered this gem while strolling about the area the other day during lunch time. I ordered the caprese panini with chicken and mango bean salad. It was terrific!
The panini was crispy and warm and delicious - almost naan like with a great sauce. Now i didn't hear the "mango" part of the mango bean salad, and honestly would not have ordered it if I had. Only because I don't typically like mangoes...at all. But I did order it, and so glad I did. It was superb! Something about the way the beans and sauce mix with the mango works really well. Totally tuned my view of mango around.
I ordered to go and service was quick and very personable. They also have waiter service if you'd like to dine in.Good comfort food.  Very nice people.  I had their special balsalmic chicken sandwich which was good, very messy, but good.I got a large oatmeal and coffee and it was delicious! The oatmeal was creamy and very big. I got a side of brown sugar and walnuts that made it even better! The waitress was WONDERFUL as well which is always nice to have a friendly face wait on you! If you want a local diner with some good food, this is your go to spot!I love diners. This one certainly compares to the best diners I've visited. I got a western omelette with grits and toast. Great bang for the buck - that was a borderline obscene amount of grits - but hey, the more the merrier. No complaints there. Props for being a block from our hotel too.I've never had a delivery arrive as quickly as this one. Food was delicious and hot! Just perfect for a late morning breakfast!!I've always been a huge fan of small independent Diners - after all what's not to like about generous portions at reasonable prices? Foods on First is a solid hole-in-the-wall gem nestled in Center City by LOVE Park. They are open for breakfast and lunch (tragically they close at five) and everything on their menu is available to order at any time during the day (you want a cheesesteak for breakfast? This is the place for you!). The food is very well prepared and the prices are very low - lunch for two will be under $20 including the tip, and you won't walk away hungry.
Besides the awesome food and low prices, the customer service has always been spectacular. The employees are cheerful and conversational. I must come here more frequently than I realize, as they are all beginning to recognize me and the staff know me by name. It's very much like the theme to "Cheers" - sometimes you want to go where everybody knows your name. And if you become a regular, they all will. A very welcoming atmosphere that is rare for any restaurant let alone one in a major city like Philadelphia.
In sum: Good food, low prices, and great service in a Diner atmosphere. You should "swing by" sometime (get it? Because of the baseball theme? meh?).Delivery using seamless is much faster and accurate than yelp. The food quality is ok, just because I am hungry, I feel it taste good.Excellent diner.  Great classic breakfast fare.  Fast service.  Pleasant staff.  Best breakfast I've had in philly in a long time.I ordered through mealpal and it was the worst experience. I ordered for pickup between 12-12:15. I was there at 12:10 and they said my order was picked up by someone else and they would not provide me food for my order. They give their food to anyone without confirming the order. They guy working at the register told me that it was NOT their responsibility to verify the order before letting people pick up the food. Never going back again and I will complain about them to mealpal.This is the 3rd time I've ordered from Foods on First and the second bad experience.  The first time I went, the breakfast was great! Second time I ordered a bacon cheeseburger.  Not so great.  Fries and burger were over cooked, although I asked for light cooked fries and a medium burger.  The final straw was my most recent order.  
I decided to go back to breakfast since my first experience was great! I called and asked for an egg platter.  I asked if the sausage was links or patties, I was told very rudely, they have both, which do I want? I opted for patties.  Here's where the rub is, they literally nickel and dime for EVERYTHING! When all was said and done, my $8.50 breakfast platter was almost $16! I asked for cheese on my eggs, $1.25 and it was a minimal amount.  I substituted an English muffin for toast, another $1.25, even though both toast and an English muffin are the same price, AND it wasn't even a Thomas'! Onions in my home fries? Extra charge, can't remember but i think it was $1.25 (anyone else see a pattern?) Those sausage patties I'd asked for earlier? Received turkey sausage AND the 50¢ upcharge that goes along with it.. Got a bottle of soda and asked for a cup of ice.. you guessed it! Charged for that too!! Oh and there are different prices for different sized cups of ice! I could see if I didn't purchase a soda, BUT I DID! And the last charge, although I think it's ridiculous unless you aren't spending over a minimum amount (which is what most places do), it is what it is--40¢ to use a card instead of cash. Thankfully they didn't charge me for the arm hair I found in my eggs.. never going back and that makes me sad cause I had high hopes after my first orderI found this place by accident on my way to another restaurant and decided to try something new. The first thing I noticed, was the friendliness of the cashier, who was nice enough to make some recommendations. 
So far, I have tried their garden salad w/chicken and Farmer's Omelette. The salads are on point, delicious and are of a generous portion. The chicken was nicely seasoned and thinly sliced over the salad. The Farmer's Omelette was tasty, came with toast and home fries, however, they put the hot omelette and home fries on a Styrofoam container. A big NO. There were holes all over the bottom of the container, I am surprised that my food did not fall through. 
The service is quick and never seems to be super busy during the lunch hour, it seems most people order pick-up. Definitely a new gem in the area! Worth a trip!
Unfortunately I had to update my review... Ordered ahead today for breakfast and stood for 10 minutes while other walk-ins were helped. Myself and a few others left. Obviously service depends on the front counter..my last visit for sureWish I read the reviews first.  Waitress was friendly and attentive.  Prices are reasonable. Food was "just ok" little to no seasoning. We had an omelette and the fish and grits.  Fish still had plastic on it after it was fried, they were nice to give my wife bacon in exchange..... Even that had a long strand of hair. Didn't have the heart to tell them about the hair. Waitress took 10% off the bill for us.Nothing special. Typical diner food, but not even that good.  
I went for breakfast and got and Omelette with home fries. The omelette was so over done I couldn't tell if there was shells in the egg or just that crunchy on the outside. Everything was very bland, the food, the tea, the service and even the environment. 
Didn't take a picture of the food because wasn't worth it. Probably wouldn't go back.I work next door and i go here every morning for my coffee and breakfast. Everyone knows you by name and vice versa - great way to start your morning. Oh - and it's probably the most affordable place ever with quick, yummy food.Use grub hub to order breakfast on occasion and they always seem to mess up order. I order turkey bacon and they continuously send pork. It's always an upcharge for turkey bacon that you never get.After staying at LE Meridien, we were pleased to have an authentic diner right next door! We had a delicious diner breakfast- pancakes, grits, omlettes, the whole shebang. Portions were as generous as they were delicious. The staff was fun! They sang and danced to the pop songs on the radio, great place!Was staying at the aloft, right around the corner and decided to get a takeout breakfast.  Service was fast, although not very knowledgeable about menu items (could not tell me if pepper and eggs on a long roll was Green peppers or just black pepper). Got a sausage egg and cheese on a hard roll.  The eggs were cooked perfectly fluffy and moist; the sausage was two links splint lengthwise so they covered the entire roll; decent amount of cheese; the roll was a bit stale and although toasted (briefly) on the grill could have benefitted from more toasting to overcome its ripe old age.Great Breakfast - Reasonable Price
We were greeted with a smile, the service was excellent and the  food was prepared quickly.  This is a true diner atmosphere so don't come expecting anything fancy.I placed an order through DoorDash for the Philly Fanatic burger and fries. The burger was alright, but the fries were limp and soggy. I don't even know how that's possible, especially considering that my delivery address is a mere 5 minutes from the diner. Yuck.Fresh and delicious breakfast in the heart of Philadelphia. Rose, our fabulous wait staff, recommended adding peppers and grilled onions to the Food on First cheesesteak omelet.  Rose was spot on!  Friendly, fast and yummy food. The staff at Le Meridien highly recommended snagging a breakfast and we really appreciated their endorsement.I ordered off of grub hub and had $7 worth of food delivered. I only tipped 10% which came out to be like 78 cents. The delivery man called me to come get the food and he yelled at me saying "DO YOU KNOW HOW FAR I HAD TO COME FOR 78 CENTS???" I'm sorry, isn't delivering your JOB?????????? It may have been a cheap tip but do you expect me to tip $3 on a $7 delivery?? Especially after I tasted the food, I should have gave him NOTHING. The sausage egg and cheese was greasy, soggy and the sausage was literally a sausage link cut in half and put inside... The best thing I got from there was an english muffin.....
Next time, if you want a better tip, don't be rude and maybe GET A BETTER JOB THEN.Worst customer service I've ever come across. Also worst delivery order. Wrap with dressing on it (which I asked for on the side), soggy tortilla, 80% of contents from wrap dumped into the container, soggy fries, and laughed at me and refused refund when I called to complain about that sad excuse of a meal. Staff are trash, like the food.Solid Philadelphia diner!  We stopped in for a quick breakfast and everyone enjoyed their food.  I had the Philly cheesesteak omelette which was very good.  My son had a solid stack of pancakes and some perfectly cooked crispy bacon.  The coffee was kept refilled throughout and the staff was friendly and attentive.Way overpriced for what they give you. Waitress claimed we ordered a larger dish than we did. Would not go there again.Yummyyyyyy! Food in this little diner like setting is amazing!! Fresh and hot!! I had the eggs Benedict which was two eggs and hash browns. Huge portions!!This place is horrible. Went here for pickup because it was the first place we saw when taking a walk downtown. Not one employee was wearing a mask (in the middle of the COVID19 pandemic and against Philadelphia law). On top of that, the food was horrible. Honestly don't know how you can even cook food that bad. Tasted horrible and clearly used old ingredients. They own the pizza place next door and cook in the same kitchen FYI, avoid them both!One of the few places in the area to get a very early breakfast.
The staff was very friendly and efficient. Ordered a breakfast
sandwich that was very good.Found this little diner on Yelp. It lived up to the reviews. The food was simply excellent. The service is what will keep you coming back. My server, Scarlett was A-FANTASTIC. I enjoyed the western omelette with loaded home fries and a pancake (hey i had to cut back somewhere). All the ingredients were fresh with that certain homemade taste. Did mention MS. SCARLETT, she was the best.This is my go to breakfast delivery.  Always quick and the food is great diner quality breakfast. Have never been in so can't speak to the atmosphere or service. Omelettes are full of goodness, potatoes are delish and have had the french toast a few times which is sooooo good.I can't say enough about how much I enjoyed the food here. I visited Philly for the weekend and found this great gem! The food is hot, fresh, and made to order. Good value and big portions.A night and day experience from my last visit. Today my mom and I came back for lunch, and I don't know what happened, but overall it was the opposite of last time. Our waitress was fine, but not like our last. That really wasn't a huge deal, but the food was just not on point as it was last time either. My mom's chicken cutlet on her panini was thin and apparently overcooked. My panini was edible but stuffed with lettuce and pieces of chicken were falling out; it wasn't neatly assembled like before, and made for a sloppy dining experience. Also the pita bread was dark and almost too crispy this time around.
One of  the biggest issues we had with lunch was the inability to order ala carte. You would have thought we were asking for something impossible. What is so difficult? My mom did not want a bean salad or french fries with her panini, which is the traditional combo. She wanted a soup instead. They eventually gave into her request, but it was as if it was a painstaking ordeal. I never have gone anywhere where a swap or ala carte purchase was considered agonizing.
The second issue was with the soup she ordered itself. I don't know how you can go wrong with chicken noodle soup, but they somehow did. The first visible sign that it wouldn't be good was the lack of egg noodle. Instead it was made with macaroni? Chicken Macaroni soup? I mean this is an offense to chicken noodle soup. To make things worse, there was only one shred of chicken floating around. Frankly, the soup itself tasted like watered down broth and no amount of seasoning, which my mother added in herself helped.
It's a shame, because out first experience was great, and this one left a bad taste literally.Consistently fast and fresh breakfast delivery (even during Covid). High quality products and excellent customer service make FonF a great choice. (Haven't yet had a chance to sample anything from their lunch menu, but it looks and I'm sure tastes as good as their breakfast options.)  Very early morning hours, even on weekends! In Center City! Very highly recommended.As always staff is pleasant , very knowledgeable, quick service. Food is also amazing . Always so fresh . The pizza place next store is also the same owners and if you ever out later night and need something to eat check out the pizza spot.Nice spot! customer service is Great! amid Covid its tough picking a spot to sit down and eat especially being from out of town but this place has sanitizers on each table and looks clean. Couple of knats flying around but customer service beats it all! will definitely come back in future!I travel a lot for work. I don't have a mask to appease the PA lawmakers who are making life miserable with their over reaction to CV19 in 2020.
The Mask Nazi at my Sheraton Downtown hotel in Philly wouldn't let me order food in the lobby without a mask on. Since I don't have a mask, I found Foods on First for breakfast. 
I was met at the curb by Tony and was treated kindly, like a regular human being; he greeted me, gave me a menu, took my order and it was ready in less than 10 minutes.
The food was excellent and it's heartening to see there's still people around with common sense.Nice little place for breakfast. Stayed in a near by hotel and went here twice. Husband had two kinds of omelets, both outstanding   I had french toast and Belgian waffle with strawberries and whipped cream... OH MY, fantastic!!!!  Waitresses were friendly and attentive. I will be going back when I visit Philly again.