Let me just say this, BEER!
I love the long isle full of all the beer you could ever want [only they dont carry Banana Bread beer :( ] It is such a treat and I love the decor and feel of this place. Cashiers are very friendly and helpful, helped me pick out a beer or two as well when I asked for suggestions. 
As for everything else -fruits,nuts,candies, non-alchoholic drinks, snacks, chocolates? It goes on n on. I never feel like leaving this store when I enter it. Great neighborhood as well! Make you own six-pack and walk down to the river and drink it!This is a great neighborhood market with an impressive beer selection and knowledgeable staff!  I wish I lived a bit closer; this is a neighborhood gem!I'm not even going to pretend that I go for their amazing looking produce or organic ingredients (although nice to know there's an option other than Whole Foods); I go here for the beer selection.
Their mix a six selection is pretty unrivaled in the neighborhood, and the prices, though of course they vary depending on what you're picking up, aren't really any higher than most. Thankfully they actually label their bottle prices right there so you know what you're in for.  Late night hours make it a perfect option when you feel like entertaining without the bar scene.Super convenient with a selection of staples, packaged meals, and snacks if you're on the go and need a quick nibble. They are also a great go-to when ISO of an interesting array of beers. I will forever be a fan knowing they carry, unlike many other stores, a fave; Hitachino Nest XP.Nice place to pick up odds and ends on the way home from work. They have lots of gourmet items available as well. The produce is fresh and seem to keep the shelves in a good rotation. It doesn't smell like a dead mouse which is always a plus... sorry, I have shopped at several corner stores with this problem. They also sell Kombucha!Thrilled to have this store nearby. Fantastic beer selection with lots of interesting picks. I often just grab a Weienstephaner Vitus. Really high quality produce and snack selections. Friendly staff. I've heard some really enjoyable dance music coming through the speakers every time I've been there.Convenient, close, expensive.  That about sums up my love affair with Food & Friends.  I enjoy the great selection of beers, organic foods, and have even discovered a few new favorites!  My wallet always takes a beating, but it is entirely worth it.hey so this place is perfect for a little neighborhood pop in place.  they have produce, daiya cheese, tons of vegan (and raw!) pre made meals, and like a ton of beer if that's your thing. not as big as a grocery market, better selection than your typical bodega. 
a little on the pricey side but considering the location and the unique items they stock, i'm totally OK with that!If you remember Kitchen USA, the previous incarnation of this location, you'll know that anything would be an improvement aesthetically. F&F is beyond beautiful, a well designed comfortable mid-sized shop. I had avoided "Kitchen" for most of a year because it looked so funky from the outside, but once I crossed the threshold I found a cornucopia of packaged food and beer. I really came to like it, a cheap corner store with a good little grill. It surprised me that I was sad to see it go.
Enter F&F-open for a week or so now it has definitely changed a lot from my old standby. It's slick, clean, atmospherically lit, and has produce, something I never even noticed at Kitchen. It's product offerings seem a little more sophisticated too. Essentially it's like a huge Maxx's--the produce store around the corner, but with a big fancy looking beer cooler, which was still empty the last time I was in. The staff seems nice and the prices don't seem outrageous, so I'll keep going in. It reflects the ever-changing city, with the old crusty Philly being replaced by a newer smoother version of itself. With that said, the upper floors of the building do look as though they could collapse, so be carefull.Though the selection here is not extensive and they don't have everything, Good & Friends is pretty good. That being said, it's also pretty damn pricey overall. 
For almost all of your food needs, you can go to Maxx's up the block for much better options. Sure, Food & Friends is larger and may have a bit more. But, Maxx's products are selected so well, that if you're the kind of customer that wants the products Food & Friends offers, chances are that Maxx's has them too.
The best feature Food & Friends place is it's selection of by-the-bottle craft beers. These range from overpriced to very overpriced, however. 
Alcohol prices can be a bit high in Philadelphia, but Food & Friends really needs to check themselves before the wreck themselves on their beer prices.
I've purchased many of the same products for much lower prices at other stores within walking distance of Food & Friends. Of course, they also offer some beers that you can't necessarily find elsewhere. But, most of these aren't necessarily priced fairly, if you are familiar with the price of what these typically cost even in other urban markets.Being just down the street from and larger than Maxx's Produce, this is where I come for whatever I can't find at Maxx's. Their larger floor space allows them to carry a larger selection of cheeses and deli meets, including some more unusual selections (ricotta insalata Yum!)
Without fail i find something new or unexpected to take home to nosh on while cooking dinner. As other reviewers have noted, the beer selection is divine.Really excellent selection of beer, both domestic and imported.  I agree that the imports are pretty pricey, but the prices of highly-rated/delicious domestics (Stone, Dogfish Head, Ommegang, etc.) are actually pretty common for most cities.
The food is a bit overpriced, so I don't think it's a great place for general grocery shopping.  They do have interesting products, but this is the only downside to the place.
The shop's hours are really forgiving, too.  The staff is always very nice, even late at night, and the place has a great vibe with interesting music playing every time I've visited.  Overall, I'm really glad I live so close to this place.I walk past here on my way home from work.  It's a great corner store.  The items are a bit pricey, but it's a lot of organic/natural stuff so that's to be expected.  They occasionally have some good sales, currently 2 for $3 blueberries.
The beer selection is great.  Sometimes I pick six, but other times I might just grab one for immediate consumption when I get home, if its one of those days.  Glad I don't have to go all the way to The Foodery for my mix and match fix.  The prices are right there so you won't be suprised at the cash register.  They have great music, and the people who work there are friendly.3.5 stars. Nice selection of beers and some grocery items. A good place to stop in when you need something.I love this place. Awesome crab salad, really good drink selection. Good beer selection. I always enjoy talking to the staff.I've been here a few times and the staff are friendly, the store is kept clean and well organized. The prices are okay, a little bit on the high end but the quality of food and beverages are good.  I've thought of coming back for Rao's sauce because it's reasonably priced here. Great location, right off Rittenhouse Square.Hipsters work the REG (ister) ... while wearing flannel in July.  AVOID!Food selection pretty good.  I encountered rude counter person (female), and EXTREMELY high prices.  I got wacked 14.75 plus tax for a 6-er of Sixty Minute IPA.  Most beer stores is is around 11.50.  They are really gouging the locals, will not return.  Also, why was the counter person rude?  I asked for paper bag, keeps the beer colder longer.  "We don't have paper bags" then started on me with all the bull shit about saving trees. Screw the trees, I want cold beer, dammit.   I told her to spare me the agony of another PC litany.  She took my money. Then just looked at me.  Had to ask her to put it in whatever bag she did have.  It was like I was asking for her to hand over her pocketbook. If you feel like being ripped off price-wise, go there.I am so grateful for this little harbor close home!  People here are so friendly and helpful!  A variety of beers and chocolates, la colombe coffee (fresh and cold pressed bottled ones), fresh veggies and fruits, simple cleaning and household stuff, including organic hygiene products for ladies...  Can't imagine how my roommate and I could survive the midterms without snacking here every night at 11:30pm. Wish they carried more organic produce.Great place with excellent selection.
One oddity - they screw up the sales tax calculation when you buy a six-pack and get a "10%" discount.  After the screw up, where they charge tax on the pre-discount price, you really receive a 9% discount.Nicely organized
Awesome selection of beer  
A bit pricey thoughFood and friends is a great place to pick up beers togo while in the Rittenhouse area. Apparently you're not allowed to drink the beer on premise though. 
The selection of beer they have is as extensive as you can get with out going over the line into exclusivity. The prices are normal Philly prices and the staff have always been kind and helpful.I don't know if I've reviewed this already. Since f&f opened I must have been in there 100-200 times. Awesome beers of course. Really awesome. Selection is outstanding.  If you cant find one you like then you dont like beer. But also vegetables , pasta , rice, ice cream and other stuff that goes well with beer. And specials on aloe juice, olive oil, jam , (fiji water once). It's my favorite store in the neighborhood. And some of the checkout folks control the music which is sometimes very very cool. Some trance. Some Neil young. Never quite you expect. Always just what you want. Large beers are pricey. So buy 6packs of small bottles.I just moved here so I haven't had too much experience with this store, but let me say it's definitely convenient.  I'd say some of their prices are definitely comparable.  I bought heavy cream there today for a recipe that I knew I only needed 1/2 cup. I got half a pint for 1.79 which although is more expensive than Trader Joe's, it's a pretty good price for a glorified convenience store.  I've been told they have great produce in the summer and as far as I'm concerned, buying garlic and a big vedalia onion for less than a dollar is a pretty good deal.  My mom bought a six pack there when I was first moving in and it definitely was expensive, about 3 dollars pricier than what I would have spent in suburban Massachusetts, but it is the city and I don't think roughly 2 dollars a beer is horrible.  The people who work there are definitely friendly too. I definitely can't wait for this place to come in handy when I forget an ingredient for a recipe and don't remember until I'm in the middle of cooking it.Love it :) Clean and cute. And everything is reasonably priced.Great little grocery store with a wide beer selection and high end mostly natural dodo offerings. It is expensive thoughBeer selection is absolutely phenomenal. Attracted my attention as I walked past in the cold this afternoon.
Walt Wit white Belgian, by Philadelphia Brewing Company. Bits of grapefruit peel and chamomile.....makes for interesting drink to unwind after the day's close.While in Philly, we stayed at an air bnb apt nearby and popped in every day for fresh fruit, salads, water, oj, and other misc items. The prices were reasonable and the food fresh and delicious. We also loved  the friendly cashiers who were eager to help us find what we needed.The great thing about this place is their beer and drink selection. You can build your own 6 pack, and they also have things like boylans soda. For a city grocery store it's typical though-- limited selection, but they have the essentials (including produce) plus some gourmet snacks.A bit pricey, but I love that they have beer.  Not only that, but it's GOOD beer.  Like craft beer, none of that Bud Light crap (although they probably have that too).  
Their selection of food isn't bad either.  I absolutely crave the fresh fruit that's already sliced and packaged.  For $3.99, you can get sliced mangos, strawberries, kiwi and grapes.  And it's filling too!  
This place has everything, including very friendly staff.  What's not to love?!Nice artisanal aesthetic with plenty of beer selections and a decent supply of standard snack/grocery items. Unfortunately stopped carrying a few of my favorite products recently and the Ben & Jerry's selection seems to be getting slimmer.The name of this place: lame.  The selection and prices of this place: awesome.
I've walked past the (as Cindy C. notes) non-existent signage on Spruce repeatedly and, glimpsing the fine selection of Rittersport chocolate on the shelves, considered going in on several occasions.  Today it was the "Raspberries, 2 for $3" sign that sealed the deal.  How happy was I to see the promised raspberries AND blackberries for $2.  The same thing at Whole Foods would probably set me back twice that...
Anyway, my little canvas bag was already full of bread from Metropolitan Bakery, so I didn't want to buy much.  But from what I saw this place has a great selection of random foodstuffs at fairly reasonable prices.  They have a little cooler of cheese and sandwich meats, produce, hummus, dried goods, the works.  I suspect this is going to become a regular stop during dog walks to Rittenhouse.I don't have a ton to say about Food & Friends. It's expensive so I don't usually buy much here unless it's just out of convenience on my walk home.
I'm writing this review for people like myself who don't understand that wine & beer cannot be sold in the same store in pennsylvania. It is so inconvenient. 
So when you read the description of the store that says "beer, wine & spirits"...it's wrong. They only sell beer.Currently watching my friend consume a wrap. Looks super moist and he agreed. We have to do better.This place has been open about a month and I now find myself stopping in a couple times a week for incredibly fresh (and fairly priced) produce and hard-to-find grocery items like Sahale almonds, Peace Valley cereal, and Popcorn Indiana Kettlecorn.  Amazingly, from Tostitos Chips to Hari-bo candy, Food & Friends manages to stock all the basics was well as niche brands in an rather compact yet uncluttered space.  
When it comes to grocery shopping, I'm what some call a "cherry-picker."  I'm picky with what I get, and go to multiple stores every week to get a couple specific items from each... i.e. Sue's for mangoes, mushrooms and fresh mozzarella, Whole Foods for yogurt, clifkids bars and coconut water,  Trader Joe's for bread and cheese and edemame...you get the idea.  Food  & Friends has quickly become a routine stop for me in the neighborhood as they're OPEN UNTIL ("about") MIDNIGHT EVERY NIGHT!!  Most other businesses in the area, including the much more expensive Rittenhouse Market two blocks away, don't open past 10.  
This place is an indispensable addition to the neighborhood!
FYI:  It's on the Northeast corner of 20th and Spruce, but there's not much signage on the Spruce St facade so just look for the white building with large tinted windows at the end of the block.When I lived in the Grad Hospital this was my favorite place to get beer. They have a great beer selection,  and I love the 10% discount off of mixed six packs. 
I wouldn't use this as a main grocery source, but it works for a quick pick up when you are in the area, or when you need something to go along with your beer. 
They have Haribo gummies galore. mmm.Beer right around the corner at 12 A.M. -- great!!  Had a good turkey wrap from here too once.i really love that they have a huge selection of haribo gummies and la columbe coffee beans for 7.99. amazing. also they have lots of beer, cereals, and gourmet (and regular) snacks!What's not to love? Unbelievable beer selection, great food selection, so many awesome sweets, and a deli. The produce section is a bit anemic but it's a corner store, and besides, how can you expect to fit produce with all that beer?Fabulous corner spot! 
These guys have a great small selection and are pretty reasonable prices.  Not a spot for everything, but they have the best price on La Colombe around, are open late, and are always friendly.  Generally a great addition to the neighborhood.Great selection of merchandise but what is going on with the people that work there? I've never seen a more piss poor attitude when it comes to customer service. I swear it must be a requirement to act like the customer murdered your family to work there. I live in the neighborhood as well and this poor attitude has been consistent as my friends and neighbors agree.OK I split the difference and gave 3 stars.  here's why:
Food selection - 5 stars
Beer selection - 5 stars
Food quality - 4 stars
Service - 1 star
Prices - 1 star - soooooo expensive!
Cashiers are rude and inconsiderate.
I dropped over $50 on random groceries and they rang it up incorrectly and swiped my card.  They then asked me to pay for the 2 items they forgot to ring up in cash.
It was a nightmare.  I basically spent $54 on a dozen eggs, an apple, an orange, a bowl of cut fruit, a chef salad, a turkey wrap, some hummus, a quart of OJ, 2 boxes of raspberries, a container of mixed nuts, a container of dried apricots, a package of sliced organic cheese.
$54!  Ack!!!!!  For one small bag of groceries.
That said - I am glad they were there when I needed them.  I paid the price for the convenience.  And for organic.I really like this grocery/ beer store.  They consistently have a pretty good selection of seasonals, Belgians, and locals.  They also carry some great  specialty sodas. The quality of food that they carry is always very high. The only down side is that they are a bit pricey.Food and Friends is the epitome of a great convenience store.  They have just about everything you're ever likely to need in a panic and lots of nice luxury items as well.  Prices are pretty standard for a convenience store and certainly not over the top.
The beer selection is fantastic.  They clearly have someone who really cares about beer (who I've had numerous conversations with, great fella) and they've now also added a request board.  The build a 6 pack deal is nothing out of the ordinary these days but the discount is appreciated.I love having Food & Friends right down the street.  They have good produce, including hard to find fruits like persimmons, and friendly workers.And now they have BEER?!?!  
There really is no reason to go anywhere else.  
Except maybe Trader Joes to get dog food.Good local place to pick up some produce and quick groceries.  The eggs and broccoli are pretty cheap (the eggs being ~1.35 per dozen).  A lot of the other stuff is pretty expensive: Almond milk is $5 (TJ's is 2.39), Cheerios are $6 ($2.50 on sale at CVS).  Overall good for the location though.This is a great place for beer (all the time) and groceries (if you are in a crunch). It's a great addition/necessity to the the neighborhood and a fantastic alternative to Rittenhouse Market (which is way too expensive!)Food & Friends always comes through for me.  I am so comforted to know that I can pick up any of my (non-essential but extremely important) staples (sugar-free almond milk, seaweed wraps, avocado, Yuengling) during most of my waking hours (including Christmas!!!)  This means the world to me as I often crave strange things that I don't have in the fridge on Christmas day.  
Their prices are affordable considering the neighborhood and convenience. Sometimes produce is even cheap!I was really tempted to give this place a four star review based on two offerings alone: coffee and beer.
That said, as others have mentioned, customer service is a bit lacking.
As for the coffee, they have La Colombe for ridiculously cheap: $7.99 for Corsica, Nizza for $8.99 and some specialities for less than $11. By contrast, f you buy Corsica or Nizza at La Colombe, the price for each is $12. A steal.
As for the beer, strong craft selection with most set up outside of the carrier for by-the-bottle purchase. Good selection and at reasonable (okay, Rittenhouse "reasonable") prices. Well represented in terms of craft variety, with good representation from the "locals" (i.e. PBC, Victory, Weyerbacher, Neshaminy, Flying Fish, etc.).
$10 credit card minimum and no AmEx.What a great neighborhood store. It's not your Ralphs or Jons so it will run you an extra buck or two (or ten), but they sell quality products, including an outstanding selection of beers. They also sell my favorite coffee at a good price, for which I would go regularly if I were local. If you are lucky enough to live in the hood, get your quality goods here.Soooo many selections of beer. I got a mix and match of 6 beers and they give you a 10% discount on any that you pick in a pack.  I love that they have ethnic food along with the standard American stuff. It is a little bit higher price but what I see when I go there makes it worth it.I absolutely love this place. 
It's right around the corner and I find myself there several times a week. They have a great craft beer selection. It's a little pricey, but the quality of everything they sell is good and the employees are cool too.i looooooooooooove this place.
fantstic beer selection. mix and match 6 packs and get a discount. lots of imported stuff thats hard to find other places.
lots of healthy drink selections. healthy food, too. 
yeah its expensive. but i mean, so is getting this stuff at say...whole foods.
delicious to-go foods (sushi, macaroni salad, fresh sandwiches etc).
convenient location.
friendly employees. 
some seating in the back.
i love that there's a store near rittenhouse i can go get a healthy snack instead of having to go to 7-elevn.Just a shout out to food and friends.
Thank you so much for enabling the hubs and me to enjoy a midnight snack of beef jerkey and  marzipan ritter sport in bed. 
xoExcellent beer selection!  Reasonable prices; discount to mix a six. Nice selection of groceries, with an emphasis on natural & organic, and some great non alcoholic beverages. Harney & Sons organic iced tea, and Fentimans- Hell yeah! Instant fan. I was so excited when I saw the beer, that I hardly checked out  the rest of the clean, well organized store. No worries, I'm sure I'll be coming back many times!  Friendly staff. They have some seating & prepared foods.A MAC machine in the rear of this very clean convenience store, as well as a healthy beer selection for when you arrive unprepared to Audrey Claire, or any other local BYOB (and when you are too lazy to walk to the wine & spirits at 19th and Chestnut). 
Tasty foodstuffs that veer towards the higher end side of the scale, rather than economy buy. 
Pleasant employees who actually care to help you when you are in need
And, most importantly, a proper selection of candy. Yes, most of it is chocolate and European, but the Haribo gummy racks make up for any loss you may feel over no Starbursts or Dots; Rattle-Snakes, Alphabet Letters, Raspberries, Gold-Bears, Twin Cherries, Sour S'ghetti, Wheels, Bloxx, Peaches.... it goes on and on, and Emmett loooves HariboThis is a fantastic little shop that has one of the best beer selections to be found in all of center city! The shop also doubles as a small grocery store, stocking many gourmet items, which certainly makes it very convenient for those living nearby.
As happy as I am with both the location of the shop and the selection of beers that they carry, I find the prices to be too high for practical, regular shopping. While they do offer a small discount for the make-your-own six packs, the prices are generally what they would cost if you were to go out and have the beer SERVED to you at a reasonably priced bar or restaurant.
Overall, I love its location directly across the street from the BYO, Audrey Claire, and the staff is SO friendly. Food & Friends would be a perfect center city beer shop if only it were less pricey!Discount when you mix
Open late for more than beer
Staying in in style
With the variety of places where one might pick up a mixed sixer and a small bite to eat, Food & Friends stands out. They're open until midnight most nights, and have as good a selection as The Foodery, and certainly better than the closer Omega. They have a decent variety, and when you buy six you get a good discount on everything.
Another thing setting F&F apart is that  that they actually put the price for a single bottle, right there on the shelf instead of in some obscure book or nowhere to be found. It helps in picking out a good selection and keeping costs down. It's also convenient that the mid to low priced bottles are in the middle shelves instead of hidden up top.
While you won't see anything in the way of fast food here (read: there's no grill in the back), you can pick up a ton of good stuff, from chips and dip to a selection of cheese and fresh fruit. I've gone in here before and gotten all the ingredients for a gruyere and tomato grilled cheese on cracked wheat bread. And a six pack of course. I love going here when I want a beer and a bite, but don't want to sidle up to a bar.
There is, of course, the fact that they charge a little more than I'd like to pay for some things (notably food, but a few individual beers too,) but it's not outrageous. I am okay with it as a trade off for the convenience of being able to do a little grocery shopping for a few small things while I'm out grabbing some good beer.
On a note unrelated to anything consumable, I've noticed that every time I go here and spend some time picking out a sixer, there's always really good music on. Last time it was Timbaland's 'Shock Value.'I do most of my shopping at the South Square Market, but occasionally I run into Food & Friends if I find myself in the neighborhood and just need one or two items. I have this preconceived notion that things will be more expensive here because it is a smaller store and looks like a gourmet grocery. However, every time I'm in I wonder why I don't come more often. The first thing is that it's not necessarily more expensive than the other grocery stores in the city. I'm constantly finding things that are actually cheaper than South Square (mostly their cheeses, but sometimes sales on produce). They also have a good selection of organic and specialty items that you might not find elsewhere. This includes good European candy and a huge selection of beer (both mentioned in other reviews). I still don't think I could do all my shopping in their small inventory, but I will try to patronize them more often for the things I know they carry.The beer selection at this place is awesome. Hitachino. Thats all I have to say. The prices here are insanely high. The saving grace for me is that its about 40 feet from my apartment.
The service is good depending on who's working. Some are cool, while others, well, they just aren't. 
I'll give it three stars for the best beer selection around, and the cute blonde girl behind the counter.Great corner market in Rittenhouse.  Really convenient late night hours, impressive speciality beer selection, pre made gourmet sandwiches and salads, fresh produce, international foods, as well as a large meat and cheese selection.
The only downside is that they occasionally tend to be missing key items that surprise me, most recently egg beaters. Still, the staff is friendly and overall selection is solid.  Convenient specialty shop!Is not a bodega.
No bodega has ever had a selection of beer like this.
No bodega stocks such fancy foodstuffs.
No bodega I've ever been to carries British candy bars.
I like this place better than most bodegas I've been to.
Don't think they have naked lady lighters.Food & Friends is great. I come here once a week to buy random stuff like yaki soba and fancy deserts. They have the best homemade cheesecake slices for around $3.75. The slices are big enough for me to split with my husband. They also have these little French chocolate caramel shortbread cookies on the counter that I impulse buy every time. 
I've been to Food & Friends at least 30 times and everyone working there has always been nice and friendly. I don't understand the negative reviews about them. It seems like a lot of yelpers have serious victim complexes.in terms of groceries, this is the best thing to happen to rittenhouse (and graduate hospital for the matter) food prices are reasonable and the beer selection is top notch. at one point yogi teas were on sale for a price I've never seen anywhere else, I stocked up!This is my go-to store for late night snacks since, unlike all the other stores, this one is open until midnight. Great selection of dry goods, drinks, produce, and beer. And an unbeatably friendly staff. It puzzles me that others have had bad experiences, I've always enjoyed going there BECAUSE the staff is so nice. Only downside is that, like most corner groceries, the prices can be high, but they do seem to make an effort to keep them as low as possible.This is a beautiful space - the dark wood, floor to ceiling shelves of food seemed so warm and inviting when you've stumbled in out of a blizzard. My first visit was during the recent snowstorm and I couldn't have walked into a more convenient and joy-inducing place during what looked to be a totally destroyed weekend. After rummaging around in the food section (Trader Joe's had been cleaned out so we tied up all of our loose ends here!), we ventured into the west wing - i.e. the beer coolers.  
(They had Smuttynose. I was sold. )
My friend and I gathered up our foodies and our beeries and brought them to the cashier.  After informing me that I had made the wrong choices in beer and redirecting me to an option that he was sure I'd be happy with, we finally cashed out and jumped back into the snow.  After the long trek home, bearing a new snow shovel, rock salt, several bags of groceries, several scary movies, and a bag of beer, we were tired, cranky, and in need of tacos and beer.
Friend-from-Food&Friends, 
    Your beer choice made me weep.  Yes, I was excessively pleased.  If I were a boy-kissing type of girl, I would come over there and plant a big wet one on your beardy face.  Since I'm not, I will praise you from afar and possibly, stop in from time to time to fake smile and laugh. You made my blizzard.
     Love always,
LizaGreat place to find your more gourmet groceries and ingredients - small but high quality selection of goods. The beer collection here is also really great, and as far as I know when of the best in the graduate hospital area.The bottles selection here is unreal (both beer and other non-alcoholic drinks). They even carry my favorite ginger ale - pomegranate hibiscus ginger ale by Bruce Cost!Overpriced food, pretend snooty beer, and workers who refuse to smile or pretend to care.You know why I love this place? Price tags on the beer! Fine beer selection at prices better than most places. Bravo.Eh, yeah it's a little more expensive than your average super market, but it's a small price to pay for convenience. Cash only up to $10, and no Amex; pretty standard for the most part. They also carry a satisfying amount of cheese and cured meats for those nights...nice people tooRidiculously awesome beer selection alone gains them 5 stars. Being from CA, I don't really understand why stores here can't sell both alcohol and other stuff, but Food & Friends seems to be the exception to the rule. They are a typical neighborhood market where you can pick up the basics as well as ready made foods for grab and go. But they also have an entire aisle of refrigerators dedicated to beers from far and wide. The only downside seems to be that the prices are ridiculously high.This store is great. It is particularly phenomenal if you have lived in the neighborhood for a while and remember what used to be in this spot! 
They have a great beer selection which allows you to buy singles of a ton of beers you wouldn't normally find in this area without travelling to say Foodery. The fruit and cheese selection is really great and the fruit salad they make (while a bit overpriced) is out of this world! Although the prices are a bit steep (it is Ritt Square people) the products are great and it is usually my after work "what the heck am I making for dinner" spot over the brutally expensive Rittenhouse Market or the less exciting South Street Market. 
All in all, this is a great little market for everything from unique cheeses and beers to funky pastas and organic potato chips.I'd like an option for a half-star here.  It really should be 4.5, but I'm not prepared to give it five just yet.  I've been here a few times to pick up a forgotten grocery item and some snacks.  They have a great selection of organic and vegetarian items and a huge variety of snacks (well, chocolate really is the only snack worth eating and they have plenty of that).  I've checked their beer selection and it's quite extensive and the prices are better than at similar stores in the city - a big plus.  The new renovations and added windows make browsing the beer aisle much more pleasant and not so much like a big secret as before.  Now, the 4.5 stars versus the 5 is that on the few occasions I've been there, the staff has been helpful and friendly about half of the time -- they've either been super friendly and helpful or they've not wanted to give up other conversations to attend to customers.  Maybe that's changed, though, since the former was true on my last visit.  Do I smell five stars?i heart this place. the only reason i'm not giving it five stars is because it's waaaaay overpriced. still, it's awesomely convenient: open till midnight, carries staples and harder to find higher end items, and has a great beer selection.  oh, and i'm a total sucker for their turkey wraps. :)I like Food and Friends. They have a great selection of craft beer, candy, and reasonably priced produce. The staff has always been very helpful and friendly. If you're looking for something different that the normal stores don't carry Food & Friends just might have it. The build your own 6-pack is one of my favorite things, but can get a bit expensive if you don't watch yourself.Took a long walk home after work to check this place out. Very nice beer selection. Love the mix-and-match sixers. I also ordered a fresh made turkey sandwich that had avocado, dijon, mayo, lettuce, and pickled red onions, on multi-grain. Excellent. Greek pasta salad was good. I really like this place. As far as prices: Complaining about expensive in Rittenhouse, is like complaining about sand at the beach...Great corner grocery!  
Stopped here many times on my way home or out to grab real food and something yummy from their beer selection. 
Good stuff.On my first and only visit to what I had hoped would be my go-to neighborhood store, the two hipster guys manning/hanging out at the register were unwelcoming and unhelpful. If I'm going to spend too much money on random last-minute groceries or beer, I'd rather buy from a store with better customer service.