Place is horrible. They make it look on the website like it is a made to order deli but we disappointed to find this morning that it's actually just a couple day old sandwiches in a refrigerator and a bunch of random other crap. On top of that the sandwich was ass.My friend lives across the street from here so we always find ourselves stopping in to grab some beers and snacks. Very convenient and like that you can make your own 6-packs. They carry a large variety of beers. Yes, you can easily spend a lot on beer here but I think it's worth it given that there's no min/max.. so you're not limited to getting a 6, 12, or 24 pack like you would be at the beer distributor and you don't have to commit to getting just one type of beer but can mix and match.Do you like good beer? If so, The Foodery is the best place in CC to buy beer to go. Whether you mix-a-six, buy a six pack of one beer, or buy a few singles, The Foodery has the best selection - you can find beers from all over the USA, Europe, Asia, and probably some places you didn't know exist. They don't have price tags on the beers or in the coolers, but they have a handy notebook that lists all their beers and prices so you won't be too shocked if your mix-a-six adds up to $20. Also, the guys who work at the Foodery are all knowledgeable about beer, so if you have questions, don't be afraid to ask. Finally, if you're just looking for a 6-pack of Lager or Bud, they have that too.Small store in downtown near the historic district, Foodery is a very cramped convenience store that happens to be stocked with 90% beer and maybe 10% food, soda, and custom sandwiches. Everything essentially is for sale as a single and there are no price tags, which can get quite annoying. But, you do get what you pay for and that is quite an outstanding selection such as Hair of the Dog, FiftyFifty Eclipse, Cigar City, Lost Abbey, odd Belgian stuff. I usually stop in here each trip to Philly and spend around $40-$50 on weird stuff I can't find anywhere else. You can go up to the counter and ask for a price check on anything you want, though that can be a little annoying. Don't come in here with a large group because only 4-5 people can fit in this place before it gets too cramped. There isn't someone on staff to answer beer questions, just ask the cashier essentially for anything. I usually get a nice response. Also, they have quite a bit of glassware for sale. Sandwiches in the back are apparently yummy, but I've never gotten one.To me, not only is the Foodery great for grabbing my favorites, but it can be a great last minute gift shop! Going out of town for a birthday or anniversary? Stop by the Foodery on your way out, grab a container, and put together a selection of Philadelphia local brews, or if your friend is a world traveler, pick a beer from each continent! A great, inexpensive gift that is social and enjoyable!This place is great to locate good, hard-to-find beers. Beware that picking out a random 6-pack will probably run you $30-40. However, sticking with the basics like Dale's Pale Ale or Old Chub will only run you about $14. Overall, it's an easy and convenience location for grabbing a quick pack of brewskies!I used to live around the corner from the foodery, and after yesterday I will never go there again. 
If you want an expensive ass 6 pack (very close to what you'd spend if you got the same beer at a bar), old tastycakes, or to spend double what you should because the prices are so high, feel free to go waste your money here. I walked into the foodery and asked the guy behind the counter to use his phone to call a cab (my phone had died and at 11 am on a Sunday, cabs were not really around) because I had three massive bags of groceries and I couldn't carry them all the way home. Well needless to say the guy said well I'm using the phone, I offered to wait until he was done, but he just said there's cabs outside all the time and turned away. I had told him that I had already waited outside for 15 minutes and saw none available, And he just said no can't help you. Horrible customer service, and considering it's a neighborhood spot, I'm shocked at the total lack of class from this store owner, especially considering I've been shopping there for years.I used to live around the corner from this place about 10 years ago.  It was great place to grab a quick six pack and go.  The beer selection is incredible, and they carry a little bit of everything in the store.  I like that you can mix up your selections in a six pack.  Definitely for the beer connoisseur.Went in looking for Pete's Wicked Strawberry Blonde today, came out with Lancaster Strawberry Wheat and a sense of purpose that went far beyond cracking open my newfangled bottle o' beer.  The employees (er, dudes) are friendly, savvy, encouraging and let me leave my groceries in an out of the way corner while browsing the wide  selection. Rarely does it make fiscal sense for me to put together a miscellaneous 6 pack but it's nice to have the option and makes a killer birthday present for adventurous beer lovin' pals. Also, there's often a grey cat crashed out on a high shelf or wandering around the store. Nothing says cozy like a sleeping kitty and a store full of beer.Plain and simple: cannot beat this spot. Great beer selection, pretty good coffee in the morning, and great sandwiches.Best beer store in Philly and then some.  The selection is huge and I've yet to go to the larger store up in Northern Liberties.
I enjoy the fact that I can pick up a good selection of the beers I used to drink back home (including my home town favourite Sam Smiths, the best bitter in England) as well as a lot of the beers I have discovered while doing fieldwork around the world (Coopers from Australia, to mention one great brew).
Sure, you occasionally get a dud (please don't drink the Hambleton Sugar Ale, it's made from Molasses and really was horrid, I should have payed more attention to the label) but that is only to be expected with a selection like this and I guess someone out there in Philly probably thinks my dud is the best bottle of fermented hops to ever run across their lips...
The selection of beer glasses from around the world (or stolen from the nearest pub with authentic glasses, who knows) are great and I always look forward to my birthday and a few more pieces of drinking paraphernalia .
I hear it also sells other things apart from beer, I've never noticed them though...At one point in time, The Foodery was the ONLY place to go for mixed six-packs of good quality craft beer. The times, however, have changed rapidly. The Foodery has not!
This Foodery still hasn't decided whether it wants to be a bodega or a bottle shop, which in a store that small means that there's not a lot of room to walk around. Once you get more than 5 people in the store, you're literally pressed up against each other as you try to open the fridge doors. If you go before 4pm, you'll have room to shop, but the staff the works during the day don't know shit about beer, including one woman who doesn't drink beer at all. The night time staff is more on the ball.
There are literally dozens of other bottle shops now that have better selection and lower prices (Beer Heaven, Beer Love, the Bottle Shop, Pennsport Beer Boutique, the Beer Peddlers, etc.), so it's not worth it to pay the extra $5-$10 per bottle unless you're really, really lazy. It's especially galling when you consider that they own their own beer distributor, Global, but are still overcharging you.Amazing selection of beer and you can experience it all for.... $$$$$
This place isn't cheap!  A random six pack of nice craft beers will cost you between $25-35.  Note, you can get a case of most beers for about $35-40.
The selection is 5/5 starts, but the store gets minus one star b/c there are no prices anywhere near where the beers are stocked (you have to sort through a yellow pages size beer guide to check prices, even for basic things like Yuengling lager).
If you want to treat yourself to some awesome beer and have the $$, definitely come here.  If you want cheaper beers, I goto Wegman's in Cherry Hill or the beer distributor on 11th and Washington areaThis foodery is dingier than the 2nd street location, but closer to restaurants in CC (easier to stop by before going to restaurants). Due to the limited space, it can get really crowded in the store, so if you're claustrophobic, avoid it. But my general feelings towards the establishment do not change from the 2nd street location to this one...that is, the place is just too damn expensive. You can easily pay average bar price for bottled beer without the bartender. They have really cute cats hanging out in the store, so that's a little better than a real bar, I guess.Great place to find any beer you can think of (except for fat tire because we are east of the Mississippi) or make fun of some stupid woman and her husband and brother because they are paying a premium for miller light.Browsing the Aisle of Ale at the Foodery is always a great way to start an evening.
I see some people complaining about beer snobbery, but I've never encountered it in my experiences there. Maybe it's because I usually buy my cheap stuff from a distributor and go to here for the more exotic, nerd approved beers... still, I've never gotten any flak for picking up my occasional "I'm broke and need something cheap and efficient" six pack.
I recommend checking out the back area and the counter first, as they'll have some unique seasonals on display. You'll almost always get to the counter and see something that makes you think, "Aw man, I should have gotten that."
I deduct a star simply because it's not particularly friendly to the income-impaired. If Foodery is a casino, the clerk is the croupier, and pricing your selection is like spinning the roulette wheel. Then again, if you don't want to spend the money, go to Tattooed Mom's and pound down $1 PBRs. You go to Foodery because when you drink beer, you want some real flavor.The Foodery is the premier beer store in Philly.  Do yourself a solid and mix a six, I am sure you won't be disappointed with the selection and you may come across a new fav.I love Pulp Fiction, I love the music, I love the text, I love the flashbacks...so what's the link with the Foodery, I hear you say...well, "this is a robbery!"  Now you get it?
Am sorry but the selection might be as obscure as it gets, I am not paying such money again for 2 bottles...the Dame Blanche was not even that tasty.
The staff was just plain rude, no greetings, no thanks, just my cash...thanks but no thanks!  My only spot now is Bella Vista Beer, and I am telling you, their choice is just as good as the Robbery, I beg your pardon, the Foodery.A crowded little bodega where one can choose from a variety of snack foods and beers. One of the workers there was really helpful and recommended things out to us, depending on whether we wanted something sweeter, hoppier, wheatier, etc. He even let us sample a brew and also gave us some snack samples to munch on as we completed our transactions. 
We saw a bunch of beers we've never seen back home in NYC. Prices are kind of high here, as other Yelpers had mentioned, but this is a specialty food/beverage store, so what would you really expect, anyway?Main point: the Foodery is a solid little place.  Hundreds of craft beers from around the world, and a knowledgeable, helpful staff (a little more lively at night, though).  While run-of-the-mill domestics are offered, if you're looking to pick up a few cans, avoid the the narrow isles and expensive distractions and head for a deli.  Skip this place on a weekend evening.
In detail: Agreed, depending on the brewery, the beer can be very expensive.  But when you're purchasing limited Belgian beer by the bottle, that's what you have to look forward to. A bottle of Chimay and St. Bernardus ran me $15.  And I'm hardly complaining at all. If it's a top-notch beer, then the sticker shock shouldn't be so shocking.
The Foodery practices exceptional beer care, and uses the appropriate lighting in their cases to prevent skunked brew.  Additionally, you can request a warm bottle if you plan on cellaring it, or if you just like it at room temperature.
I've been to the Foodery many times when I had no idea what I was in the market for.  If you're going to gaze or don't have a game plan, try stopping in here on a weekday in the afternoon.  As soon as a few customers enter, the aisles jam.  Visit when you can take the time to move case-by-case and find something you had no idea existed.  As mentioned above, avoid the Foodery on a Friday or Saturday night.  The perfect beer can call to you if some stooge reeking of malt liquor is bumping into you trying to find a tall boy of Olde English.
My advice for first timers is this: refer to the price guide in the back of the store, and mix-a-six (purchase six different beers) to save a few bucks.  If you need a recommendation, ask.  You'll be overwhelmed with variety.  I asked the bald-headed guy with glasses about local breweries, and learned more than I could possibly retain.  A true beer guru.
I gave the WSW Foodery a 4/5.  I suppose I envision a beer museum with wide luxurious aisles, price tags below every bottle, and a Trappist monk at the register.  Knowing I can't have this, the Foodery suffices, and does a damn good job at it.I'm pissed. You know why? I came in there at 10:50am on a Sunday hoping to get a 6 pack of beer ( they do the thing where you can mix and match the beers), and the guy behind the counter, who I should mention is not the regular friendly and talkative hipsterish guys that work there, was an ass who said I couldn't buy it until 11am. Then WHY are you even open? Let's not pretend like people come here to buy anything else except beers and ciders. 
Aside from that, they have a good selection of ciders, which is always my go to. Besides Woodchuck, Magners, and Strongbow pounders, they also have organic ciders (like three different kinds). I really like this place, but I really hate that guy who was working on Sunday.My girlfriend lives a few buildings down the street, and as a frequent consumer of the liquid ambrosia that is "the beers," I have to say this is a great destination. Convenient as all get-out.
I'm continually impressed by the formidable selection, the wide array of snacks, and the friendliness of the folks that work here. It's a veritable no-brainer for a simple, country-fried rube such as myself.
That being said, the reviews about the prices here are true, and they could be a bit more transparent about how much they are charging for these beer-ha-has. Furthermore, many, MANY of the beers I've purchased recently have been expired, which is very disappointing, considering the price point. Why are you selling flat, expired beers to your loyal customers? Why not do a mystery box, "grab bag" sort of thing, where you put all of the expired beers in a cooler and sell them for $12 a six-pack? Seems like a good option to me; I love a bargain, and quite frankly, would be more than happy to swoop in on a Wednesday night for some sultry suds when I'm on a tight budget.
Needs improvement? Definitely. But I love the beers, and I will be back again.The make-your-own 6 pack idea is cool and they have a great selection of obscure beers, but as other reviewers have said it's quite pricey... My mix and match six pack (of which 2 of the 6 were just Sam Adams) was $18. I think they could make the prices a little lower and maybe attract more people.  But it's still a unique concept and fun to try once in a whileI've gone here a few times for the excellent beer selection, but I'm always disappointed at the price when I make it to the register.  This place is good for making your own 6 pack, but other places are cheaper.  It is the closet spot to Jamaican Jerk Hut, so stop here first before heading there to sit outside.Do you want to pay a 200% markup on your beers and leave feeling like a real jerk ?  Go to the Foodery!
Really though, everything here is so expensive.  It's not out of the ordinary to pay $17+ for a six pack.  That's absurd.  I don't care how nice the beer is.  Wait, that's not enough to deter you?  The employees judge you SO MUCH on what you're buying.  I'll come by it honestly.  I went here and bought some 40s once.  If looks could kill I'd be dead.  That's expected.  BUT when you go there and are dropping some money on sixers they should keep their arrogant opinions/facial expressions/whatever to themselves.  There's maybe one person here who doesn't do this.
The Foodery gets 1 star for having an awesome beer selection and the other for having a large cat.  There are so many better six pack places to go to in the neighborhood.Everytime I visit Philly I have to stop by the foodery for a nice cold beer! They have such a huge selection! The staff is usually very helpful. It is pricey but guess what its not your average beer people!!!!Wandering around the city looking  for Christmas gifts today, we bumped into the Foodery.....long ago and faraway (the 1980's)  this Foodery used to be the saddest little food store in Wash West. Filled with oily, dusty cans of who knows what and snack foods, it was only entered when desperate.  
BUT.............NOW............. it's a beer mecca!  Refrigerated case after refrigerated case of single beer bottles.  Some we knew: Rogue...DogfishHead...Sapporo..JOEs coffee ale..Pabst (who doesn't know Pabst?)  Some not:  Abita Christmas Ale...Old Ruffian Barleywine..even a couple of hard ciders.  
And there's more than just the single bottle...we saw beer magnums!  (Talk about a Christmas gift...hohoho.)Solid and diverse selection of beers, but high prices keep it from being your go-to beer store.  The staff is very helpful and knowledgeable about beer, and their staff picks are always unique and delicious.
Go here when you're feeling adventurous and don't mind spending $25 on a six-pack.great selection and staff was helpful in finding local brews.  Thanks!  worth the walk!The beer selection here is unparalleled in the area, but the prices are OUTRAGEOUS (and, even though I typed that in all caps, it's not like the used car dealer's "THESE PRICES ARE OUTRAGEOUS!!"; it's said more like an exclamation by an older person purchasing a gallon of milk at modern prices). 
I once came here because I wanted to surprise a friend at work with Southern Tier's Krampus (their imperial winter brew). So I hopped on the subway at lunch, came over, and grabbed two bottles off the shelf. I brought it up and they said, "$32, please"! Because I was set on getting her a bottle, I left one and paid the $16 for the other. I called my local uber bottle shop, Capone's, later and asked how much the Krampus was going for: $8. So the Foodery was literally double. 
I'll go with three stars because I think that they should be commended for having just about any beer you could think of, but if you happen to be way out in the burbs, Capone's is way better.The Foodery is to new urban dwellers; as America is to immigrants... A fucking wet dream until you get all jaded and see that other places offer the same thing, sometimes cheaper and less of a hike.  Nevertheless this place is pretty dope, and I think has some groupies.Awesome beer selection. I'm mainly impressed by how friendly the employees are. I shopped here when I first started drinking beer and didn't know what to buy. They've always been nice enough to pick my beer out for me based on my taste preferences and my budget while giving me detailed info on everything they picked. I also like their big friendly cat. 
However, I don't want to give them too generous of a rating because they're overpriced. I only come here for beer that I have trouble finding elsewhere.As an avid beer drinker, collector, home brewer, traveler, it is sad to say that I will not be returning to the Foodery ever again.  For years, when I go from Jersey to Philly I always made it a point to stop by to find some rare bottles or just breweries that do not distribute outside of Philly.  Last night a few of us had a great dinner in Philly (we drank Petrus Pale, Sixpoint Resin, Firestone Walker Union Jack IPA, New Holland Dragon's Milk Imp Stout).  The friends I went with have really been getting into learning about beers and trying new styles and breweries.  We drove over to the Foodery and my friend's wife joined me in the store.  She was looking for Imp Stouts/RIS/Barrel Aged stuff and wanted to get her husband some Double IPAs.  We looked around and I gave her advice as to which bottles she would like, which were rare and pricey, and which ones she could get in NJ near her home.  She had great questions and we were having a good time.  
What happens next, the guy behind the counter starts mocking us!!!  Seriously!  She was asking me where certain breweries were located and where she could purchase them.  The guy behind the counter (white guy, short black hair, little preppy in a disheveled way), in a pompous, condescending voice started saying to a friend sitting behind the counter, "Well I know about beer.  I'm the smartest.  This beer is from Maryland, and it is wonderful.  This one you can only get in Philly.  This one is perfect, you need to get it.  Beer, beer, beer, I know everything about beer."  This went on for almost a minute and we just ignored it.  Why?  Why did he need to be such a D-bag!  Why mock customers.  Then when we went to the counter to pay he was acting like such an arse!  He kept looking at the credit card and referring to my friend by her first name, not hitting on her, but acting goofy like he had more than a beer or three in his belly.  Not to mention it took him more than a few minutes to process the purchase and ring us up because he kept messing up.
This is just rude, obnoxious and bad customer service.  We had such a good night until the service at a bottle shop ruined it.  My friend was very excited to be introduced to this shop as we got there, but now will never set foot in there again.  She is usually very mild mannered, but after we left she even said she wanted to give the guy a d-ck punch.  And I have never heard her use profanity that way before.
Gave one star for good bottle section.Short & sweet: I love the sandwiches here but sometimes the guy puts too much mustard on and ruins it a little bit. I love the large beer selection and vibe. I wouldn't come here for a pack of beer though - go across Ridge to Green Lane. Even then, the singles are $$$, but it's clean and the people there are normal and not totally creepy (beer place across the st has a lot of crepeers) so it's worth it.What everyone on here says is true, I believe there's no marked prices so you can be blindsided when you get to the register.   Honestly though, if you buy beer often, you should know what you're getting into when you pick up bottles from certain brewers.  The prices are less than going to a bar, which is the only other place you can get small quantities of beer.  
The space is super small, and i find myself waiting to get around people loafing and being generally indecisive.  I go on weekday afternoons to avoid the crowd and get to talk to the employees about good selections.  
I've used the computer to check prices, but it's slow and really not worth it.  If you go, go because they offer a GREAT selection of beer including many 1.6 pint bottles for a quick fix.  Mix a six is rare in this state, so if you find one you really can't complain, since there aren't many other options.  Premium price for a great selection that's on my way home from work isn't too bad in my book.
Plus they have an awesome cat.The Foodery has a nice selection of microbrews, which are for the most part sold as singles. If you buy 6 beers of any variety (you can mix and match), you get a 10% discount off of the price of each individual bottle. First of all, if you're not careful, you can easily walk out of here having spent way to much money. However, they also have cheap standards as well. You can get your Miller, Bud, and PBR cans here, and when I was there they had sixers of Miller cans for $6.99. They also have searchable computer database that lists the prices of all of their beers. You can also think of it this way: Some craft beers are relatively high in alcohol content, so in some cases you may be getting as much alcohol in 2 or 3 craft brews as you would from an entire six-pack of, say, Bud. So, in short, this is a great place if you want to splurge and try out something new, but they also at least sometimes have deals on the less exotic beers.Sadly, as much as I love the selection, though small as it is, of Italian craft beers I can now say I will never come here again. I will tell you why:
I had purchased a nice bottle of Chocarrubica that cost 25 dollars. When I got home, I went to drink it and confirmed with my wife (as she has an awesome palate for tasting) that the beer was in fact infected. I sent an e-mail telling them about this issue and never received any response. Then I e-mailed Brendan the regional manager for B. United International. He was swift and kind in taking up the task of solving this problem. He as well has e-mailed The Foodery, and thus far has not received an e-mail either. 
Now, folks, I would like to say first that I have a certain philosophy when it comes to money spending. Though I do not a make as much as I would like to (so I can start a bigger Italian beer collection!), I have no problems in spending money for a product I believe in.
So it saddens me that The Foodery does NOT have the passion or professionalism as does the company that provides the Italian beer. As someone who knows the ups and downs of the food/beverage/alcohol industry, as I myself have worked in it for over 15 years. This is a common problem in the alcohol industry: money can be made easily, but for those who enjoy the culture and taste of such products  are pushed aside by economic greed. And to think that beer had originals that were humble and in most cases, beer as food, in many of our cultures in this world.
Respectfully I do not suggest  coming here if in fact such a problem were to occur, it would not be solved. As a note, Brendan did not think ill of my e-mail in regards to this, as they take pride in their product, and their respect and love of the customers.
Oh and if you are like me and enjoy or are curious of Italian craft beer, the Wine Works in Marlton New Jersey is a GREAT stop! Not only is it cheaper but the Italian selection is THE best anywhere in the city, besides of course enjoying it at The Farmer's Cabinet.Love the foodery...the one in Northern Libs...although I only live about six blocks from the one at 10th and Pine, I don't go there anymore...The african-american guy who works on weekends is an ignorant jerk...He's not helpful at all and has a chip on his shoulder or something...when you ask him a question about a beer he may have in stock, it's as if you're inconveniencing him...God forbid...isn't that his job?...also, he never honors the discount when you buy six beers..always gives you a problem...rather than deal with his attitude and bullshit, I just don't go there anymore...What a shame, because they do have decent beer selection...Not worth puttting up with attitude though...who needs it....make the trip to Norhern Libs..totally different vibe there...guys are very cool and always helpful with a smile....*sigh* The Foodery would receive a higher review IF I wasn't already spoiled by NY State AND my love, Half Time. However, since I'm in Philly alot and I really only drink US microbrews and other imported beer, I needed to find a place that can accommodate my needs. 
The Foodery is able to do that - they stock (or can stock according to their price list) all the breweries and beer styles that I love, and buy it by the bottle instead of massive amounts of one type. Its nice because it allows me to try new beers without the worry of disliking and then having to get rid of the rest, a total waste of money. The nice thing is that although all the beers on display are refrigerated, they have the same bottles in the back room that they can fetch for you so you don't need to immediately refrigerate your purchases.
My only grumbling comes from the fact that their space is small so they don't stock as many different breweries/styles at once as I would like, and goddamn are those prices high! Stupid PA laws. And I agree, they should really post the prices RIGHT IN FRONT OF the beer in question instead of having that ONE huge price list which you have to search through endlessly. They really seem to want you to overspend.I've maintained an admitted love-hate relationship with The Foodery for a few years now, especially this location. Yes, the intoxicating allure created by a wide selection of great beer from around the world with a propensity to stock limited releases still might draw me in from time to time. That's about where it ends. 
Let's break this one down, bulletpoint style:
Pricing. Yes, ALL of the bottle shops in Philly are pretty expensive, however most of them at least make some sort of attempt to display their pricing. Literally nothing in the coolers is labeled here. Okay, you can look it up in the price book, right? Wrong. This thing is so outdated that there's still pricing for Three Floyds beers in there, which hasn't been distributed in the area for years. 
Service. There's a couple people here that definitely know what they're talking about. Prices, availability, when limited bottles are coming in, you got it. Then there's a bunch of others who have literally no idea what you might be asking for, and I'm not talking about peppering them with questions about Swiss lambics or Dutch smoked ales. 
Layout. I get this is Washington Square, 10th and Pine, etc, I get it - but this place can be so ludicrously crowded that it's hardly even worth going in. Pile on the employees trying to restock the coolers while 5 people are stuck in between the aisles and you're about one step away from a full-on claustrophobic episode.
The Foodery has tons of great beers, ranging from local specialties (Fegley's, Weyerbacher, Troegs) to rarely seen specialties from around the world (De Dolle, Saint Bon-Chien, Drie Fonteinen). Just don't expect an entirely smooth experience each and every time you walk through the door...and for what it's worth, the 2nd and Poplar location can offer a more comfortable shopping trip.the best selection of take out beer within an hours drive. the staff if sometimes aloof are almost always knowledgable and willing to chat about what you like or might like. constantly changing selection, great local beer availability. one reviewer said the place would be history if there were competition, anyone is welcome to start a similar business. me, i'll still go to the foodery, kinda in my hood, very affordable and downright nice. keep up the good work.Along with their sister (brother?) location on 2nd st. in Northern Liberties, best takeout beer selection in Philly.  Knowledgeable staff will help you find something if you aren't sure.  Can get a little expensive, but for rare and hard to find bottles this is the place.  Also have tons of Haribo gummies!  Gummies and beer?  Why yes!Three things I loved about this visit:
San Miguel.
Build your own six-pack discount.
Customer service.
I had visited the Northern Liberties Foodery with my sister and was really disinterested because I'm not into beer. But I thought my boyfriend would love it. So when we surprise walked past this a week ago, we stopped into this smaller-scale Foodery to examine the bottles.
Okay, well, we didn't build a six pack, but I just thought it would be cool that if I wanted to make a six pack, of any size bottle, I could, and it would be 10% off. Beautiful. I would buy a gift set here, definitely.
It seems you cannot find San Miguel anywhere these days, but you can at Foodery, for something like 2.50.
Observing their charcutrie section in the fridges, I mentioned I wanted to visit the Jose Garces Trading Co. Service chimed in that it was nearby, how to get there, and what their favorite pizza was. Furthermore, another employee told me how much non-price-listed Breckinridge was without missing a beat. Which is impressive in a bottle house.great beer selection at reasonable prices. the staff is knowledgable about their products and there is always something new to try !Let me say I'm not a beer drinker so I have no idea about the the prices. I heard about this place on one of the bus tours, and my friend wanted to check it out. 
 The day we went (July 18th) there was a beer tasting with complementary snacks for each beer. I wasn't expecting to like anything but I'm always up for a try. To my shock I found one I liked, the Belgian Independence Day. The guy running the tasting (I wish I could remember his name) was very friendly, patient, and knowledgeable. 
It was an extremely hot day and some people lingered (I'm guilty) and some just seemed to like the snacks, but you never felt rushed to move along. Yes, it was a very small place, but if you're looking for variety you've found the place.I really like this place. They have a great selection and some hard to find beers. The staff is knowledgable and friendly. I would love to give them 5 stars, and will if they post the beer prices. 
Recently I came in looking for a bottle of a hard to find seasonal beer, which was unfortunately sold out. I ended up chatting about that style of beers with the staff member who was helping me. As I was leaving, he came back with a bottle of that hard to find beer that he was going to purchase for himself. Thanks to him for going above and beyond so I could try that beer too! Excellent personal touch.Some nights, like last night for instance, I'm all about the cheap beer and old movies ($11 case of Lions Head Light bottles at Springfield). But there are those other times... the "break out the good china" nights, where you're entertaining some folks to impress, or you've just had a long week, and say, "Jake, treat yourself to the best."
The Foodery isn't the best. But for selections on beer and mixer-sixers, they make booze shopping fun. The prices, while they aren't anything you'll want to write home about, do beat those times when you grab a nice 6-pack from a pizza place and pay 15 bucks for it. Plus, the store sits on good ground, and in a nice area. It becomes more of an experience... which only adds to the pleasure of drinking away the treasure later on.Well, expensive is the first word that comes to mind.  True, it's the only place in the area to get certain things, but sometimes it seems like I could have gone to the bar, ordered the same thing and tipped and still paid less.  Anyway, I support the idea of the Foodery, and I occasionally find myself in there, but I'll never make a habit of it.Ok,so i rented a flat on the corner for a week(i live in NY),have been to this store a couple times for fizzy drinks etc,not the best place but its ok for basic thgs. I ordered pizza and i thought it would be nice to have a beer with it so i went down to the store and got ID-d-which is totally fine i even like it sometimes because it makes me feel younger. I provided a NY ID,then my swiss drovers licence and none of them were accepted. Its flattering but honestly im 32yrs old,pushing 33 npt even the nicest person on the world would say im younger than 28,i provided 2 different type of identification but got rejected. I know it sounds a bit OT but why ahould i even carry IDs if they just dont accept it. I walked to another store 10min away they also asked for ID and easily accepted the NY one. Thanks Eugene Jackson(the clerk) fpr the walkExcellent bottled beer selection. However, the prices are outrageous and it's ridiculous that the store can't be bothered to put any price labels on anything, so it's always a surprise when you get to the register. A lot of beers are $4-6 per single 12oz bottle, and not even the super-rare ones.  It'd be one thing if the prices were high and labeled. But they are high and not labeled, so I choose to shop somewhere where I can actually let the price help inform what i'm buying.This place is like heaven for beer fans.
Hundreds of beers available and 90% of them are chiiled.
The VERY best part is that you can pop the top and drink your beer right there in the store! 
WHY GO TO A BAR?
They also have sandwiches which I didn't get a chance to try.Small joint but good beer selection. I picked up two brews for the hubs bday and it came to $27!!!
One was the tall boy- Sah'tea Dogfish. I expected expensive but not THAT expensive. It was $20 alone.
I love the foodery- good location and good rotating options for beers and snacks.I have lived in the neighborhood for years and, until today, was a frequent customer.  Today the person at the register was absolutely insulting.  If this person was trying to ruin my day then I guess they succeeded.  I don't plan to ever go back again, and I hope that the Foodery reads this, learns that they've just lost a dedicated community customer (yes, I even returned the six pack holders, I was definitely one of *those* people because I cared that much about supporting the Foodery), and reflect on their commitment to customer service and the community that supports their small business.  I really don't mind the inconvenience of going some place else that isn't as close; I'll find another place who knows how to treat the community that supports small businesses.If you are looking for a very specific beer, this is probably your best bet of finding it. This place seems to have just about every beer you can think of (unless it's super obscure...don't test me.) domestically and a good amount of imports as well. Would I ever buy snacks here? Definitely not. Ridiculously expensive. Would I ever pick up a 30 rack here to play pong with? Definitely not. Same reasoning.Many people have been saying this place is overpriced. I disagree! It's difficult to find ANY store that sells craft beer and regular beer in downtown Philadelphia. For this reason all of the beer is slightly more expensive than you could find elsewhere. But I don't think paying $7.50 for a six pack of Budweiser or Coors 16 ounce talls is extravagant - especially considering how few options you have within walking distance in this neighborhood.Diverse beer selection, delicious deli sandwiches, and friendly people. Always had a plesent. Perfect spot for the bros before a night out.The fact that they have almost an entire shelf dedicated to Scottish beer brings a tartan-colored tear to my eye (try Kelpie...no, wait...you didn't hear that...save it for me.)
yeah it's pricey, but it's convenient and they stock stuff you can't get on foot in the city...I have to truck out the burbs to find a selection that'll stack up to it.To my beloved Foodery,
You have been a beacon in the night on so many evening walks home from a rough day at work. I know that I can always pop in to grab my favorite alcoholic beverages. You sure do know what a girl likes, Foodery. Sea Dog, Rogue Dead Guy, Rodenbach, Lambic, you have it all. Marry me? 
I take it all back. It might be weird to be married to a building...
Let's just stay friends.  :)FOOD POISONING FROM SOUP.  
My husband went in one night to purchase some of their homemade soup.  The employee working there, VOLUNTARILY and unprompted, offered my husband a few dollars off because it was almost the "sell by" date on the soup.  At the same time the employee told my husband that he often takes the soups that don't sell home with him, and that they are good even a week after the "sell by" date.  
As soon as my husband came home with the soups, we heated them up and the smell was awful-- we knew something had to be wrong.  My husband ended up taking a bite of meat from the soup and he said it had definitely spoiled.  We were immediately worried.  We then noticed that the supposed "sell by" date, which was written by hand in black marker, had clearly been changed from "5/1" to "5/7" on BOTH the packages of soup.  My husband immediately went back to the Foodery--this is about 10 minutes after he had purchased the soups--to warn them that the soups were spoiled and they needed to pull them off the shelf.  They didn't even question him or hesitate for a second to refund him (which he was not asking for at that point)--almost as if they knew themselves that the soup was old--they weren't surprised at all.  
By the next day my husband's stomach was churning; he vomited all afternoon and evening and couldn't keep any food down for another day.  He is still feeling weak after missing 2 full days of work-- that's a lot of money we have lost because of the Foodery's dishonesty.  I wish I had taken a picture of the soups' packaging to prove that they had tampered with the writing of the original "sell by" date.  We will not support this business anymore and we hope that others will use caution when shopping there.A quick trip in the shop and right out...
But I was able to see that there was a really great selection of beer/cider/ale. Really impressive. 
AND the snacks were on the higher end. A deli case of sausages, cheeses and such prove to be fairly impressive. If you're looking to put together a charcuterie board and pair it with a nice selection of beer, well this is the place to go.
I think it's important to note that the staff is also really helpful and knows their beer. 
I'm taking off one star because the gentleman who we (a girlfriend and I) asked for assistance was a little condescending. Pretty sure it wasn't intentional. But it was still annoying. But all and all a really great shop with great options for everyone!Foodery,
You bedazzle me with your diverse beer collection 
You bewilder me with your steep prices
You befuddle me with your name
I know I shalt  use the Mix a 6 pack to receive the customary 10% dicount, shant want it
My Credit card, dost it bleed from the poisonous passion
My home, you are but too closeThe selection is awesome, the people who work there are helpful, there is a computer that you can use to search for particular brews and it will tell you in what aisle/refrig to find it.  During beer weeks they always have great tastings for free, and I think sometimes even when it's not beer week.
But there's no getting around it: their prices are horrendous.  I don't know if it's because they have so many imported beers, or its Philly taxes or what.  But it's just WAY TOO EXPENSIVE to buy anything there.  And that's why Foodery, despite its convenience, is often my last resort.- extensive selection of beers (no wine, no liquor)
- stuff from china, japan, iceland (???), and more
- because of this, and the fact that you can buy single one-serving bottles at a time, it is (as expected) overpriced 
- expect a "make your own six pack" to run between $20 to $30 dollars
- but overall, you can get stuff here in single bottles that you cant find anywhere else - rodenbach flemish reds, allagash saison, lotsa good stuff!3.5 stars is more accurate, but I'm two drinks in and feeling generous.
As other Yelpers have said, this place can get expensive.  "Foodery" isn't even the right name for this place given that they sell very little food.  The food they do have is more along the lines of Klondike bars and potato chips.  "Beerery" would be more appropriate..
Anyway, it's a nice place to have in the neighborhood when you just want to relax and have a beer in the comfort of your own home.  I'm not exactly a beer afficionado, but they have a lot of fruity options that suit me just fine (Lindeman's, Doc's, Scrumpy's, etc)  The way I look at it, I'd spend about the same going to a bar but the bonus is that I don't have to change out of my pjs to enjoy some of the same brews.
Oh, and they have a cat.Great beer selection if you're in the neighborhood with a healthy wad of cash in your pocket and some beer knowledge in your nogginn or penchant for barley bev exploration. Yes this place is expensive and you do not really know the overall damage until you check out (beer prices not displayed). If you are trying a new beer don't be surprised to have it ring up over $5 and the total causing you to pull out two Jacksons. That being said, it is one of the few places I've seen carrying Hitachino Red Rice.  So good.This place will def set you back a pretty penny but is worth every cent!
They have beers from all over the world, 350+
I paid $20 or a six pack but it's my first time visiting Philly and seeing a place like this so it was well worth it! Gotta love variety! It's def quality over quantity at this placeI have lived nearby for over two years, and I like the Foodery.
As for the prices, it depends what you choose. You can typically grab a Victory, Troegs, Yards, Sierra Nevada, and the like for about $3 a piece. If you want something like Kasteel, De Ranke, or Hitachino, you might end up paying around $7 for those. To me, that isn't too bad considering I wouldn't have the opportunity to drink some of these beers if the Foodery didn't stock them. You can always page through their binder to check prices if you aren't sure. They almost always have something I want to drink.
I don't buy six packs here, just one or two bottles from time to time - special or not.
Bonus: Nabi the cat. Also, they sell Choco Tacos here!It's hard for me to even remember what else they carry besides beer.
I have to say, that they have a great selection for Philly. Being a newcomer, I was quite surprised that they sell by the bottle as well as the six-pack. The prices are a bit high, but then, what are your options?For beer, this place is not cheap. You're paying for variety, a knowledgeable staff, and the freedom to mix and match any 6 beers to get a 10% discount. And by any 6 beers, they mean it, you could seriously grab a $100 monster bottle of Chimay and pair it with 5 cans of miller light and you're good to go. 
We grabbed a 6 pack and it came out to ~$25 because of some ~$6 bottles that we wanted to try. The average 6 pack here would probably cost closer to $15-$18. Definitely not cheap but like I said, you're paying for variety and knowledge. 
They'll let you know in advance if a specific beer is above around $4-5 before you get rung up so there aren't any huge surprises at the register.
If you're looking for a some cheap beer for a house party, this probably isn't the spot for you. If you're searching for some local, imported, and craft style beers, there's a good chance you'll find them here.Great beer selection right next to my apartment! What could be better? It's a bit pricey, but what isn't these days? I'd stay away from the food as there are much cheaper grocery stores within a few blocks. Definitely don't buy one of the pre-made sandwiches. It's a good concept, but the bread just turns into a brick while it sits in the fridge all day. 
But if it's beer you want, it's beer you shall have. And they have these German hazelnut creme wafer things that I really enjoy on my health-be-damned days.The Foodery in NoLibs puts prices in front of its beer.  Why can't you do the same?I'm the first person to review the Foodery? You have GOT to be kidding me.  No self-respecting beer snob has been able to live in Philly without dropping serious money at this beer-specializing corner store.  They have an extensive selection of domestic microbrews, craft beers and imports.  Their Belgian selection is excellent and they also have killer Scotch Ales (Traquair Jacobite...$9 a bottle but SOOO worth it).  
Don't think you're going to get off lightly in the cash department.  While they do offer a 10% discount on their mix-a-six, these beers can add up.  I'm not saying it's a rip off (read my review on Philadeli) but it ain't going to be cheap either.  Also, they've recently hired some staff beer-geeks to walk the novice through the daunting prospect of choosing six beers.Due to the fabulous beer selection at this location, I award it one star. Due to the terrible customer service, prices, and lack of knowledge I deduct 4 stars from what could be a great place to buy a great variety of brews.
Went in today (having been there 4 or so other times) and bought a 6 pack with lots of great local beers, and one I had never heard of, the Wild Blue Lager. Looked up this Wild Blue online as soon as I got out the front door and saw that it was brewed by Anheuser-Busch, was a malt liquor, and included GRAPE and BLUEBERRY SODA in the ingredients. Now, it is my own fault for choosing this beer, but it was located in the LOCAL, MICRObrew cooler. Not the corporate america, factory-brewed cooler. 
Went back inside to nicely explain to the man the Foodery's mistake, and to request an exchange for a beer of equal or lesser value based upon their misinformation, and bc I didn't want to try a syrupy budweiser soda. The fellow at the cash register immediately began yelling at me for suggesting it wasn't a microbrew, said nothing in the store was as inexpensive as the Wild Blue (false, every beer in my case cost less than it) and suggested that I buy a BudLight instead. Then he said to never return. I exchanged the Wild Blue for a Walt Wit (less expensive...) and he begrudgingly rang me up then screamed to GET OUT and that this was the last time I ever com in there. Whaaaaa?!?!
I'm sorry, but I was under the impression that the foodery was supposed to be knowledgeable about their selection and not underhandedly promote multinational corporations. Not to mention, I was extremely nice to the guy and was met with brutal verbal aggression. I will never return to the Foodery, and hope that fellow beer-lovers take note of the sly nature of their labeling.If there's one thing I hate about PA, it's the stupid buying beer by the case rule.  When I go out to drink, I like to have different beers, not just one over and over.  So why the hell would I not want to do the same thing at home?  Yes, kids, your pal JT is a bit of a beer snob, loving the Belgians and tasty microbrews, so while being able to land a case of Dead Guy for relatively cheap compared to other places in the country where they charge an arm and a leg for a six pack, I just don't want 24 of the damn things.
This is why I go to the Foodery.  Come on in and make your own fantastic mix and match six pack from a wide selection of great imports, micros, and the usual domestic swill.  They cater to everyone and the prices can't be beat.  I used to live in Pittsburgh, and we had a similar joint out there, and their prices were still a dollar or so more per bottle than that of the Foodery,  First time I went in, I was expecting to pay at least 50 bucks for my six pack. Imagine my delight when it came to only $32.  Right, I know, if you're not a beer freak you'll think that's highway robbery, but everyone else knows you get what you pay for, and beer is no different.
If you need anything else like sodas, snacks, and the rest of that shizz, the Foodery has it as well.  In fact, it's kind of like a really hip quick mart selling fantastic beers.  My fave experience there was the day of the Phillies parade last year and these younger drinkers came in buying 40s.  I just wanted to take them aside and let them know that if they just spent four dollars more they could each get a bottle of Belzebuth at 13% ABV and have a hell of a better time.  But hey, it's nice to know that you can get a four-o there if your heart is really set on one.When I moved to Philly 4 years ago, this was the first place I bought beer (being just a block from our place).  I actually used to refer to it as the "oodery" because their old sign had the funny "F" symbol that I thought was a bird or something until someone corrected me. 
Anyway, I guess I never realized either that there was a computer system or a price list till mentioned here -- I just knew I better have a couple of $20 bills on me when I brought up my SixMix or I'd be doing that embarrassing walk back to the coolers to put something back.
Beer and the Ritter Sport biscuits are really all I ever buy there.  The latter is what makes it the "Food"ery, right?  I still love the Oodery.If I were really rich I'd shop here all the time. I'm not, but I've gotten pretty good at picking out beers that don't completely rob my pocket. 
That being said, I love this place, I really do. It's a block from my house and they carry an extensive list of beer that keep me from getting into any ruts. They carry beer from everywhere and their list updates constantly. They also have tasting events where they help you expand your beer horizons. I've never bought anything except for beer here, so I don't even realize that they have anything, but I recall noticing other items for sale. 
Anyway, I never feel judged when I'm here, and if you have to pay for quality, then I say we should pay...shouldn't we? A Kastel Rouge or a Unibroue Ephemere are some of the tastiest beers I've ever had and while expensive sometimes that's what I want, so I will contentedly pay for it. Especially when it's getting late in the night and the bev distributors have all closed with their cases inside. It still (generally) is cheaper than buying bottles at a bar, so it's still a win in my mind.Awesome place.  Though it's located in a tiny place where literally the aisles are basically ~two people wide, don't underestimate the awesomeness of this place.  So many beers from so many different places, I have no idea where to begin!  Thankfully the staff is really friendly and willing to help you out.  The mix-your-own-six pack is a great deal as well!  And if you need some beer coolers, they've got that too.
Also, a big collection of candy and Haribo gummies like Brendan said. Interesting.You can always count on the Foodery to have an amazing beer and cider collection ready to save the day! They have beers/ciders from all over the world so you can come out of there creating a very international beer pack. The prices can be kind of steep sometimes, so I only come here once in a while. The drinks here are worth it and you definitely do get what you pay for....quality drinks! They are open pretty late too which is always a big plus.In order of importance:
One of the best beer selections in Philadelphia.
Good prices (and 10% off if you mix a 6-pack, which I recommend)
Nice customer service/atmosphereAfter having dinner with my sister and her husband who were visiting with us Friday night, we stopped at the Foodery to pick up a cheap six pack. My husband and brother in law selected a six pack of Miller Lite, only to be very obviously made fun of by a patron checking out and the Foodery cashier. They were vocally making fun of us for purchasing Miller Lite. I left the store because I could not believe the rudeness and confrontation. 
Pray tell, Foodery employees, if you want people to return, is it cool to make fun of them to their faces? And secondly, why sell the beer in the first place? Whoever the cashier was working Friday night, you should be embarassed. I am sorry we are not cool enough to enjoy pumpkin beer, but you were rude.