Best Coffee, best food and nice sutff.
Nice place to study and chill.
Specially the buffalo chicken pizza and hot mocha are on point..Here's the thing. Founded Coffee & Pizza does make great pizza. But I've now had two major issues and it's led me to never wanting to order here again. That, on top of being spoken to so rudely by the owner, I feel compelled to share this negative review. 
First, I ordered a margarita pizza online that was delivered to me as a soupy mess and when I called to report it, I was told that, that specific pizza isn't supposed to be ordered for delivery even though it was available online for delivery. Luckily, they resolved it and within 45 minutes we had a fresh new pizza and it was great. Most recently, we ordered a Hawaiian pizza and it was delivered in a totally reasonable amount of time. Unfortunately, when we opened the pizza and found that it was dry and sauce-less. I thought, hmm maybe they forgot! So I called and said, "hey guys, I think someone forgot to put sauce on our pizza! It's delicious other than being dry and sauce-less!" And shockingly we were met with total objection and the Owner says despite the fact that their menu (both paper and online) says all pizza come with sauce, they've NEVER made their Hawaiian pizza with sauce. Now if Hawaiian Pizza wasn't my FAVORITE pizza maybe I would believe this, but sadly for them it is. And not only that, when I called to report it, I got rudely spoken to by the Owner and when I said I won't be ordering from here again the Owner said to me "PLEASE DON'T". Suffice it to say, we won't be ordering from Founded Coffee & Pizza again.Pizza, BOMB! Wings, very good. I honestly have become picky with pizza especially in this area, but this pizza is delicious. Delicious crust. My new go to!I came here for breakfast this past weekend with my boyfriend.  The inside of the place was really nice. There's high ceilings and looks like the inside of a stable. I got a coffee and an almond croissant, and he got a bagel and some type of apple cider drink. Everything was really fresh, and the apple cider was so delicious. There was a lot of space in here, so I'll definitely be back to study and try the pizza.I came here for breakfast this past weekend with my boyfriend.  The inside of the place was really nice. There's high ceilings and looks like the inside of a stable. I got a coffee and an almond croissant, and he got a bagel and some type of apple cider drink. Everything was really fresh, and the apple cider was so delicious. There was a lot of space in here, so I'll definitely be back to study and try the pizza.Stellar fare and fantastic environment. I used to come here in the mornings when it was called Chestnut Hill Coffee, and I've been really glad they expanded their hours, added a full food menu, and that they still serve Chestnut Hill coffee and espresso. The staff is friendly and the vibes are always good. The food--especially when it comes to the 'za and the steaks--is ballin'. Highest recommendation to the buffalo chicken pizza. Be sure to check out the seating upstairs--it's by far the best place to post up and study/work in the Falls.When I first heard about this place, I thought the coffee + pizza combination was weird. But after going a couple times, I really like it: stop in for your morning coffee and then come back for lunch. It's actually more like two separate shops in the same building, with the "pizza" half separated from the "coffee" half. 
The coffee shop serves Chestnut Hill coffee, plus espresso drinks, Le Bus baked goods, and a grab-and-go case. You can also purchase coffee beans to take home (can be ground there if needed). I like the dessert selection too: the fact that they have cheesecake and cannoli in the grab-and-go case could be very dangerous for me. 
The pizza shop is what you'd expect: a counter + soda fountain and refrigerator case. The food is very good, and the menu is typical stuff you'd expect from any pizza shop. 
Everyone working there is really nice, and this neighborhood really needed a cafe with evening hours. Great addition to the neighborhood, and I'll be back often.I had 12 pizzas delivered for a birthday party. Pizzas arrived on time and were delicious. Thank you so much Founded!My fav coffee spot around east falls. This place is spacious, quiet for a whole day study, great for outdoor seating, really decent Pizza as a PLUS. Coffee itself is average but you can't say anything wrong about it.I have just recently moved to East Falls from CA for school and was looking for a place to get some work done. This place is the perfect place. I haven't tried the food and I dropped by and only tried their iced tea which was great; however the atmosphere was amazing! Their loft is a great place to study with ample seating and a tv to stare at when you get bored. The music is not too loud and the searing is comfortable for long stays. The bathroom was very clean which is a plus for a study spot. Most importantly for a student, they have WIFI!! All in all I'm very pleased with this find, I wish their hours were longer, as I'm used to 24 hour Starbucks in Los Angeles, but I can't complain. I'll definitely be trying the food next time I come. It sounds very promising.I only tried a drink there, but I definitely plan to go back whenever I can. The barista was super friendly and a pleasure to talk to. My friend and I were satisfied with our drinks. The smell of pizza while studying is a wonderful distraction. I absolutely love the interior and the atmosphere.Ordered the large veggie pizza for delivery. The variety of veggies were nice however some of the eggplant was undercooked and crunchy.  The sauce tasted fresh but was a little thin.  Otherwise a decent pizza at a decent price.I'm reviewing just the coffee because I haven't tried anything else here. It's great lol. Yummy and fresh. I come in here to get my coffee on mornings I need an extra pep in my step!Definitely not your typical pizza shop, but the food was pretty good and delivery was prompt! They even had a card reader thing, so I didn't have to give my CC info over the phone. Only 4 stars because the turkey hoagie was actually ham, but the cheesesteak was delicious!Ordered from Uber eats. Multiple missing items, including a $15 calzone and a couple lattes. Called Uber eats, who was told by the restaurant to 'take a picture of the missing items' how are we supposed to take pics of things that don't exist? None of the drinks were marked, so we didn't even know what was what. Would not order again. Pasta was decent.Friendly service and good . Can't go wrong. Rustic building with modern accents. Location makes parking and finding the place easy. You've probably passed it a thousand times just driving past but inside is a real gem for the eyes. It's simple yet stunning and the pizza, while not GREAT, is certainly GOOD and the coffee hits the spot. Ordered the white pizza with pepperoni and was pleased. Crust is thin so ingredients get a chance to shine. Has an open upstairs so ceilings are high & great to look at. Garlic knots were worth the extra and there was more than coffee to drink. Perfect place to study or a quit date. Worth it because it's reasonably priced and not pretentious but not McDonald's. 
Numbers: 1 large white pizza w/ pepperoni, garlic knots and a Large fountain drink (big enough to share) = $22I ordered a margharita pizza with anchovies on the side. And other things. Delivered with no anchovies. I called to ask where the anchovies were and the hispanic guy on the phone says they didnt have them today. If he told me that when i ordered the pizza, i wouldve ordered something else. If i drove, i wouldve returned the pizza.Came here after work to get some stuff done. The upstairs is nice for that and it wasn't too crowded so it was easyto find space. Outlets are well spaced out upstairs and the lighting is a bit on the lower side but the atmosphere is nice. Parking was easy to find and coffee was good. Didn't get the pizza but will probably try that next time! Would come again!!We just ordered out from Founded for the second time. Today, we ordered the pizza and wings special. Wings were so-so, we did get 10, and a wing sauce soaked chicken tender..? Pizza was pretty good! Although there were no two slices the same size, not even close, I'm not even sure how that happens. Lastly, we didn't receive blue cheese... we got the pizza, wings, and celery. No blue cheese. I'd rather you had kept the celery! 
Updated 8-17, tried Founded again and it was great! Will go back again!!!Ordered lunch off of GH from here and pretty pleased with everything. 
The food arrived within 1 hour.
Mediterranean Pizza was delicious! The goat cheese was amazing and the balsamic drizzle paired well with the arugula, asparagus, and roasted peppers. I will say there was A TON of arugula so if you're not a fan I would modify this pizza. The crust was very good and definitely has a lot of flavor on its own. 5/5
The Philly Cheesesteak pizza was great as well and they let you choose which cheese topping you'd like. We went with provolone and the BF loved it. 5/5
Both pizzas were HUGE for the price which made it even better knowing we could eat them for 2-3 meals. 
The Caesar salad was something that could have been from one of those pre-made salad kits at the grocery store. Not bad but not worth the price either. 3/5
Not sure what happened but the delivery driver got a little lost and we had to look for him for 5min.
For Pizza i'd give this place a 5/5 but the salad and delivery service doesn't agree with that rating which is why I took off one star.My girlfriend and I came here before going to a movie because it's got fast service and is open late. The pizza is good and quick. It's got thin, crispy crust :) based on our good experience, we'll definitely head back for some coffee and bagels one morning. Place looks good, too!I love this place. They deliver a long way, and their pizza is flippin amazing - I especially love the cheesesteak pizza, but honestly everything I've gotten here has been great - even the wings! The prices are great, and the delivery folks are very friendly as well.
Overall, it's easily the best pizza delivery spot in the area.Pizza and coffee and tables to study. Why doesn't everyone do this?
Only issue was there were some gnats flying around, but it was hot.Atmosphere is the only thing that gets 1 star. The customer service was meh. Felt like I was keeping the guy at the counter from doing something else. Should have left, but I just wanted a cup of coffee and a pastry before work. Can I say...worst cup of coffee I've ever had. I didn't realize coffee could be nasty. And the muffin I got...was it lowfat/no sugar or did the person that baked it forget to add sugar?? Tasted like nothing. What a rip off. Almost 6.50 for just a cup of coffee and a muffin that I threw away after tasting.Hands down the best pizza in East Falls. Pasta dishes and salads are quality as well. Don't miss the deserts imported from NY.Ordered delivery (pizza was good) got the two pie special advertised 2 Lg pies for $19.95. When the delivery came I handed over my card to the driver ( as I fumbled with holding the pizza the door and my puppy) upon paying I was handed a receipt and noticed that I was charged full price for both pizzas after specifically asking the guy that took my order over the phone if the "daily" special was good....  moral of the story is buyer beware.Pizza, BOMB! Wings, very good. I honestly have become picky with pizza especially in this area, but this pizza is delicious. Delicious crust. My new go to. 
UPDATE!
So since the pizza and wings were such a hit, I decided to try a cheesesteak. It should be noted that I'm a Philly native so I know a real cheesesteak. THE CHEESESTEAK IS A WASTE OF MONEY AND TIME. It's about 2 oz of meat on a long ass roll. It also wasn't chopped up properly. When I asked them about the lack of meat, instead of correcting it they snatched the platter from my hand and said "That's how it comes! We will just give you your money back." I personally think they should have handled it differently (I asked to add more meat but they would charge me an additional $3.50) but hey. Because of this experience I probably won't buy again.I got delivery here through Uber Eats, so this is just a review for the food, and not anything about the service or location.
This was really good pizza. I love New York style pizza and can't find it many places in Pittsburgh, so was glad to be able to grab some when I was visiting Philly. It was a solid pizza and the price was great. They also had good buffalo wings. Crispy, and a really good sauce. They came in strange numbers, like I think it was 10 and 15 instead of by the dozen, but that's fine. I'll chalk that up to maybe a strange quirk of a coffee and pizza shop. 
Solid NY style pizza and wings. I didn't want to get coffee delivered with my pizza, but hopefully next time.The food we ordered was good for a good price! We got a pizza, hoagie and wings. 
But that's not why I came here. We ordered delivery. After an hour and a half and no food, we gave them a call. We're told our order would be here in 5 mins and it was. There's two of our same street address but in different zip codes in philly (go figure), so we get delivery mixups sometimes. No big deal. 
After our food had arrived, I received a personal phone call from the owner profusely apologizing for the delay and explaining the driver wasn't from the area. I appreciated this genuine concern and follow up from the restaurant and will definitely come back!We just ordered out from Founded for the second time. Today, we ordered the pizza and wings special. Wings were so-so, we did get 10, and a wing sauce soaked chicken tender..? Pizza was pretty good! Although there were no two slices the same size, not even close, I'm not even sure how that happens. Lastly, we didn't receive blue cheese... we got the pizza, wings, and celery. No blue cheese. I'd rather you had kept the celery!I have been coming here ever since it opened. The owners are very friendly and kind and make excellent food. The upstairs area is quiet and honestly a great place to study that is beautiful and open, clean and comfortable.Pizza was solid! 3 different kinds and held up the few couple days as well. I would have liked a little more cheese on it but noted for next time.Best food place in East Falls and the customer service is amazing. The chicken Stromboli is the best but their pizza and chicken fingers are also amazing.I just went to this place twice in one day. First I got the chef salad, really quality ingredients, the meat on it was very tasty and the veggies were fresh also it was only around 7 bucks. Then I showed my husband the menu when we both got home from work and he had a hankering for a chicken blue cheese steak so we split one (it was $8.50) Holy shit. Amazing. They made it like a chicken salad which I thought was a little weird at first but the flavors melded perfectly. Overall just a great placeVisiting my dad in hospice and was told about this place. There is a huge deck with tables and umbrellas outside and once inside the café you are in a large room with chairs and table throughout, a winding staircase for upstairs seating and two stations.  One is for coffee, breakfast foods like muffins, Danish, etc. the other station was a counter with glass housing  numerous pizzas which sat on two long shelves.  The gentleman before me ordered and I noticed the server was a little snippy.  He then took my order and after asking him a few questions about toppings on the pizzas and us agreeing on what I actually wanted I placed my order for pizza order and Caesar salad. The gentleman before me was summoned up to the counter to pay for his two pizza slices.  The server put it on a paper plate and slung it on the counter.  The gentleman asked for a box and the disgust on the server's face was so unnecessary.  While waiting for my order, the pizza was pulled out of the oven and placed on a paper plates and the server yelled, the pizza is not burnt, it had to cook longer because you wanted ground beef on top.... wait, what???... He then went into the back and prepared my salad out of eyesight and came back to the front with the salad in a stapled bag.  I paid for everything, and took my salad to a table to check out and found a container with romaine lettuce and strips of parmesan cheese and a thimble size container of dressing. I asked to have dressing placed on salad and was given another thimble size dressing.  The server WAS THE WORST, and he really should just use his skills (if that is what he is skilled in) preparing salads and sandwiches.  The pizza maker was silent, but giggled whenever the server interacted with customers. I would seriously recommend sensitivity classes for the server who obviously has anger issues and a thorough mandatory customer service training class.
Once I was able to get the well done pizza to my dad, he said it was ok and my salad, well for $7, they won't have to worry about me ever again... romaine lettuce with stale parmesan cheese strips and not even enough dressing to wet one of the cheese slices. Naw, not getting my money again.I haven't visited this building since it was the Gatehouse Cafe and ordered delivery through Eat24 so I can't comment on the service or decor, although judging by the pictures it looks the same, which is awesome. I ordered the South Philly Pizza and man it was so good! Sauce and crust was amazing and it all melded well together. Definitely will order from here again!!I came across this place when I was trying to find places to study on a weekend. The inside is fairly huge compared to most coffee shops in the area. It has two floors for hanging out, studying or whatever. The coffee is good and strong. A little on the expensive side and usually a good amount in each cup. They employees are nice and are patient with you if you're taking forever to order something. The only thing is that the coffee area closes at 4 or 5 pm but the rest of the shop is open till around 10 pm. Never really understood why that was but yeah. The coffee menu is a pretty general one, but it has times where they reveal new items every once in a while. They also have snacks like yogurts and energy drinks if that's what you're craving for to stay awake. The pizza there is pretty good. If I had to rate it, I would probably give it a 7/10. When I got the pizza, it was huge and regular crusted. It wasn't too greasy and not very flimsy as most places that I have been too. The pizza sauce isn't as over powering, but just the right amount. I haven't really tried anything else on their menu except for the pizza. If the pizza was fairly good, I would think the other items would be just as good. The place can be kind of loud depending on how many people are there and the coffee machines are always running. There are outlets under each table if you need it for studying purposes. The bathroom downstairs is kept in order. One thing I would say that can be improved is the parking spaces. I wish there was more places to park. Overall, I would recommend this place if anyone who loves big slices of pizza and a good decent cup of joe!The concept of coffee & pizza is a winner, except he pizza sucks! The interior is solid-although location is odd and parking is tough.Pizza is delicious, we got takeout, but the space is huge and seems like it would be a great spot for larger parties.  They have a nice outdoor space as well.  We ordered the Caprese pizza, a little too much olive oil drizzled on top, so I'd ask them to leave it off next time.  Also ordered a mushroom and onion, fresh ingredients, crisp chewy crust and great red sauce. We will be back for sure!You would think that a coffee place couldn't do good pizza or vice versa, but Founded will price you wrong! It literally has it all. Delicious coffee and baked in house baked goods, with a bunch of seating and free WiFi. But! It also has killer pizza and lunch specials. Check it out! It's worth it.Polite baristas and pretty good pizza but a little pricey.  Beautiful space to bring your laptop and work for a bit.  I wish they had better hot chocolate--more chocolate and less cloyingly sweet--and a better selection of pastries and snacks.  I also wish they'd get rid of the big screen tv upstairs and expand their music playlist.  Still, it is a fine and necessary addition to the neighborhood.  East Falls suffers from a lack of places where you can grab a cup of coffee and some grub and work in peace for a few hours.So far have only had chance to get delivery. Food is always hot and delicious!! Pizza's are delish. Salads are great! Wraps are yummy and cheesesteak is super!! Can't wait to go here and try their coffee!!This was a nice place to grab a good cup of coffee. Free wifi. Plenty of room downstairs and up. Was there too early for pizza.This is not the kind of place to order just a plain cheese. Their specialty pizzas are loaded. Amazing pizza and garlic knots.Couldn't have gone to a better place to meet up with my friend and to work on a paper. 
Got iced chai tea, which was pretty milky and very sweet. I'd say I like the Starbucks one more, but definitely give it a try if you love chai tea like I do. 
I loved the interior design and the ambience. It was fairly quiet until I went there and people decided to shoot a movie or something? Not quite sure. There's a beautiful work area on the second floor with plenty of outlets. There are booth options and barstool options. First floor has a couple of tables where big groups can sit. 
For a cafe, you'd think you'd smell coffee, but the pizza smell overpowers everything (making you a bit hungrier than you'd want while working on a paper). Pizza looked great, didn't get a chance to taste. 
Workers were nice. Bathrooms were relatively clean and modernSo we order from here quiet a bit because it's close and our food is always hot when it gets here. I've come to prefer the Sicilian style square pizza because it always has red sauce as some of the traditional style pies do not. Pizza is always good. Salads are great. Service is quick.Delicious salads and beverages. One of the best grilled chicken salads I've had. Great atmosphere, I love the interior design. The pizza is amazing. I would highly recommend a visit for lunch.I've been in the Falls for awhile and I have seen this establishment as first, the Gatehouse Cafe & more recently, Chestnut Hill Coffee. Both catered to the weekday workers at Falls Center and hardly anyone else. They were barely ever open - especially not on weekends. This cozy, brand-new renovated place with vaulted, high ceilings felt underused and underappreciated. I've always been a fan of the historical building.  They seem to be still doing minor improvements and added a tasteful sign outside.  
This new 'King of Coffee & Pizza' in East Falls seems a bit odd as far as a name goes but is actually genius when you realize that is the diet of most college students.  Philadelphia University dorm is steps away.  I am practically steps away, too and I am stoked that there is a place in East Falls that is open past 9 pm.  And on weekends - score. 
So, on a whim, we walked over to see what the food was all about.  It was quiet but not empty.  I had seen the menu prior and thought it seemed a tad pricey.  The menu is not extensive or unique but has pizzas, calzone and Italian dishes as well as cheesesteaks and sides. Pretty typical.  But they had a 2-slice (with toppings!!) and a drink special for under $7.  Done and done!  I have to try the pizza. 
I had a barbeque chicken slice and a slice of pepperoni.  Both were New York style thin-crust, nice-sized, crispy and buttery good.  Score. My boyfriend had a burger and fries.  He said it was okay.  I was pleased to see it served on a kaiser roll - very Philly.  The service was pretty fast and the staff was accommodating. 
I think you can get the same-caliber La Colombe coffee service as before in the same lovely atmosphere - just now with Italian eats and better hours. Sit outside, inside or in the lovely loft with a big-screen TV and Wi-fi (still, I think).  There's parking available, too.
It's nice to have a cafe-style establishment on the upper end in the Falls which is handy for me so I will be a patron for sure. Since this place has had a few tenants in the past few years, I am hoping Founded sticks around for the long haul.  They're off to a decent start.It was a horrible experience, I had ordered a  iced coffee as the options I had was that, or chai tea as there is nothing else he can make l
The server was not interested in helping even when I told him the iced coffee was horrible he just took it n threw it out! My friend complained about the chai tea he had ordered and he got a look as of what is it that he must do.
So as my friend and I are in the car looking for a new place to go to, I had did a review regarding our experience and next thing the owner pulls up next to us and basically tells me why I put that review up, and we must get out of his parking lot and never come back! He continued to yell at us as if we did something wrong!  Super disappointed and upsetFirst time ordering from here... to give a customer this order of onion rings is unacceptable. They should've been re-cooked. Gave a 2nd star bc my boyfriend liked his pizza, but this will be our last time ordering from here.I LOVE this place. I've spent a lot of time here the past couple days, working and waiting out SEPTA's latest strike.... their coffee is phenomenal, the baristas are very sweet... and the PIZZA. When I first heard that they sold coffee and pizza together, I was not sold on the idea- but shootdang, my mind is forever changed. Their slices are huge, the crust is the perfect balance of foldable and crispy, and... it's cheap. Nuff said.
I love the atmosphere- it's very chill, plenty of seating, natural light, aesthetic architecture... 
Another perk: It is open late!(my first review:)
Best Veggie Pizza I've ever had!! It is roasted garlic & eggplant perfection.
The place has that non-corporate homey feel that I look for in a cafe. A family owned business with down to earth staff not afraid to crack a joke. This kind of place (open late!) was badly needed in East Falls.Can't believe that I've road pass this place sooo many times and never stepped inside... This was my first time ordering here and the food was Delicious and the  customer service was excellent...I ordered over the phone and picked it up in person and was shocked at the ambiance ...this is not your typical "pizza joint"...now that I've tried the food I can't wait to come back during the day to try the coffee because the name of the restaurant is called "founded pizza and coffee" ...so far I've only tried the buffalo chicken pizza and one chicken finger out of a chicken finger platter and the food was fantastic.....and honey mustard sauce was u believable delicious!!! Someone on Yelp described this place as being a hidden gem in the neighborhood and they are absolutely correct! My buffalo chicken pizza was nothing short of perfect!!!! Thank u! Thank you! And thanks again...I ordered around 8ish on a Friday night and had excellent service :)Amazing food, loved the Maryland crab soup, perfect amount of spice for me. 
Enjoyed a great student art showcase with a good cup of joe. Such a warm and cozy placeFounded rocks. Just like James Ruff. I'm telling you, this place hits. Been Ordering here for about 2 years and they are so consistent. (SPECIAL STORY) One time I ordered a large pepperoni pizza. The guy showed up and said "Sorry we're out of pepperoni, take this" and HANDS ME A 10$ bill! He insisted I keep it, and literally every single time all the types of food are just so good. Very dependable, solid prices, amazing experiences. Just like James RudI absolutely love the food here! I've lived in Philly for a little over a year now and have had trouble finding home style Italian food for quite a while, until now! Within the last week or so I've ordered 2 different dishes from here; Baked Ziti with Chicken and Shrimp Scampi. Needless to say, they were both fantastic! Their pasta dishes come with a side salad and garlic knot and for $10-$15 per entree could fill up 2 people. This food brings me right back to my parents kitchen! You guys are doing it rightTook my boyfriend and buddies out for pizza and coffee. It was a great hangout spot with high ceilings, upstairs and outdoors seating, and great pretty and clean interior. We ordered a pepperoni pizza, a margarita pesto(?) square pizza and cheese fries. I had an iced chai that was delicious too! Definitely going to be regulars here!! We've found our pizza spot :')This was one of the best pizzas I've had in Philly. Usually the pizzas here are more New York style or Neapolitan, but this was down home good southern type pizza with "the works" toppings which I am a fan of. I ordered it for a party through a delivery service and they came when they said they would and the pizza was still very hot. I would definitely eat again in the future.Wonderful addition to the neighborhood, we love the coffee and the pizza -- though the sauce could use a little more savory heft and less sweetness. 
Love the space, the old stone facade and the spaciousness are what one wants out of a cozy, warm coffeeshop, we hope it'll become our regular go-to coffee place in the mornings!Nice place for quiet work time and good food. I had the caprese salad and a coffee, the salad was fresh and delicious. They also gave me a garlic knot with it which was the best knot I've ever had... I'm from NYC so I've had my share of knots. Glad to have found my local coffee spot :-)Had delivery again, this time a different pizza and some garlic knots. The garlic knots were some of the best I've had. The primavera pizza was missing a flavor punch and since the sauce is on the sweet side I was sad to find they didn't include any red pepper flakes or parm cheese. Small detail but I hope they at least offer it and let you select it at checkout. 
The crust was still great and the veggies were fresh I think it just needed a little more garlic or spice for my taste.
They included a complimentary cannoli which was very nice. I'm a self proclaimed cannoli snob thanks to my grandpas recipe we have every holiday so I took one bite and didn't want more. My non-Italian bf loved it though!I found this hidden gem on Yelp & ordered a cheese-steak wrap which was so flavorful & delicious. I was pleasantly surprised. I also ordered chicken fingers which were also good & a cannoli for dessert that was so yummy. I re-ordered everything again to be delivered by lunch today.Seriously a great place. Honestly, amazing service. Truthfully, awesome people. Literally, every time I call in an order people are nice. Literally, every delivery person is very kind.Beautiful hip little coffee shop and pizzeria. The stone walls, wood fixtures, and old gas lights throughout make for an incredible atmosphere. My almond croissant and coffee were both delicious and the owner was nice enough to introduce himself and tell me a little history about the place! (I won't reveal the story, you'll have to ask him yourself!)The notion of a single space that serves both pizza and coffee intrigued me from the start. Two of my favorite things under one roof? Yes, please!
But I only tried the pizza. And as soon as I walked in, I instantly wondered about my choice to give them a chance, because the by-the-slice options looked incredibly average. I opted for a medium plain cheese pizza, just for me.
I ended up hauling it home and eating it within 5 minutes of ordering it. No doubt about it, this was decent New York-style pizza, and it was piping hot, fresh, and a little greasier than expected. Emphasis on decent, though. Solid. A-okay. Nothing mind-blowing, and the so-called "medium" was in reality akin to a small/personal pie. But it was $9.
So I basically got a basic plain pie, woefully undersized, for $9. I ended up sharing, which wasn't the original plan. So two people ate not a lot of pizza for $4.50 each. 
I can't speak on the coffee, though the desserts did look promising. But I don't really see myself going back.A-OK NY style pizza slides and a-ok coffee though the fact that you can get both in one place is very special. The wifi and seating is good here so you can definitely find yourself here to do work, get coffee, and eat pizza. Would be better if the pizza or coffee were more outstanding.Went here to study and have coffee on a Sunday morning and had a pleasant experience. 
This place is great for studying - it's quiet, has fast internet, and there's a lot of seating available. There's pleasant music at a good volume.
There isn't a lot of variety on the menu, however. I came around 10-11am and they had very few bagels and pastries available. The drink menu was rather short, though my girlfriend and I enjoyed our mocha and hot chocolates, respectively. The drinks were served in cheap paper cups instead of mugs, however, which was a bit surprising considering how nice the shop's aesthetic is otherwise.Ordered the margarita pizza, fries, a side of cheese and a cannoli. Let's just say that the two stars are for the cannoli. The cannoli was amazing. For the price paid for this meal, I should have ordered 7 cannolis. As for the pizza, I wouldn't order it again. It didn't have basil. The 'fresh' mozzarella did not seem fresh. It seemed like it was frozen. The fries were greasy soggy, not at all crispy. I can't say anything about my side of cheese because they forgot to put it in the bag. I guess I should have heeded the warnings from many reviews saying items were missing. Needless to say, I won't be ordering from here again, unless it's a cannoli!Love the pizza from here! The actual building itself is beautiful, and has a nice outdoor seating area to enjoy in the nice weather. One of the best cafe options in The East Falls area to get work done and enjoy a coffee or tea. And there's food so it get double points.Well, I ordered food for delivery and it just never came... 
No call, no text, no anything. 
Hopefully I get to try their food one day!Food was ok service was ehh staff taking orders seemed to be bothered by us being there and impatient..Coffee is delicious and cheap! Pizza is ok. Skip the premade breakfast sandwiches. Great vibe inside, especially upstairs.Stopped in for a cup of coffee and got much more.  Double Expresso Latte was awesome and so was the service.
Founded has a solid early afternoon crowd sitting at the tables with people on their laptops or meeting others.  
The Pizza business had a line that was moving quickly with customers leaving happy with pies that looked and smelled awesome.
I will be back for both the coffee and the pizza!Great pizza, service, and coffee! We come here often for work lunches and the food is really great! They coffee section has AWESOME baked goods and an adorable atmosphere. I love them most of all because they support my local elementary school by donating empty pizza boxes for projects! Go here-they're delicious and kindPersonal Favorites: Gluten Free, Pork Free Meat Lover Pizza 
Style: Italian​ 
Ambiance: Not a standard Pizza Place that's​ why it is called Cafe 
Service: Exceptional 
Note: This is the ​place for having a launch or dinner and then​ get your coffee place 
The best thing about this place is PORK FREE. I say it out loud because ​It is Kosher and not Halal but closest you can get for Jewish and Muslims 
They have a ​gluten free menu. Which is also another plus. 
The ambiance​ is like Bistro, ​not a Pizza Place. If you want you can have a meeting or a birthday party. They have a mezzanine​. 
I suggest if you are nearby​ give it a try.May not order from here again. All the cheese and toppings from pizza slid off before delivered and no cheese on fries. Waiting for remakes.Being a native New Yorker I'm very picky about my pizza. This place has the closest thing to "real NY pizza" that have ever had since moving to Philly love it!!Just ordered my first delivery from Founded Coffee & Pizza and I'm really impressed by the quality of the food (Everything Pizza, cheesesteak, & chicken fingers).  What really stood out was the extra effort they took to satisfy me. The delivery person said that one of my sodas was warm so they added a cup of ice to my order to cool things down, so to speak.  I didn't ask them to do this but they did under their own accord and for that I am very appreciative. I'm a customer for life. 
Look forward to coming in for a sit-down meal. The aesthetics of the place from the photos I've seen here on Yelp are really eye-pleasing.This place is hands down my favorite pizza/salad place in Philly. Don't care if this is controversial but I gotta show my love for this place. Their burrata pizza is amazing and melts my heart. And yes, they never fail to get that perfect knock at the bottom of the crust. Never soggy. The salads are so good, it makes you want to eat salad every day. My favorites are the founded salad and tuna salad. They come with their mouth-watering garlic knot. Highly recommend.Founded is a great place to stop for a quick meal or to hang out and get work done. They have pizza, wraps, and salads.
They also have a large coffee bar with different drinks. There is an upstairs loft which is nice for working while you eat. During covid they have a decent amount of outdoor seating between picnic tables and tables with umbrellas. The staff is so nice and friendly! They took all covid precautions. 
The pizza slices are very good and they have some pretty unique flavors like general tso's and burrata with pesto!
The salads are pretty good. The Caesar salad was typical but the chicken was delicious and cooked perfectly! The portions are pretty large. The salads also come with a garlic knot that was soo good!