Thoroughly not impressed..... not sure why this place us rated a 4 star... first off all i went in at 730pm to get some food - it was all old buffet stuff where things had been dried out or too greasy. I mean this kinda food to me is 1 star..... fine, fair enough - went in the next day - food was still subpar. Not sure if its homeless people giving this place a rating of 4 stars or if its people who dont have a palate or have ever been to a real 4-5 star quality place or buffet for that matter. The price.... $8.00 a pound for mediocre food is way too much. I mean i understand its the middle of philly, but thats exactly it. Its philly..... not nyc, chicago or la or even nola for that matter. For the price i much rather go to the sushi place (cant remember the name) and get 3 rolls at 24 pieces for 11.99 than this junk. Just my 2 cents though.Fresh bagels. ..fresh fruit....if you get there before 7 there is fruit from yesterday for $2.50.........service is great and cheerfulFirst timer, but the food was absolutely delicious! The price is by weight, so you could get yourself in trouble, especially if you're getting the heavier Chinese food, but there's a huge salad bar with tons of assorted pre-made salads, or you could make your own. 
Even though it was lunch time, I was still able to get in and out fairly quickly. The ladies working were also very pleasant. 
Would definitely recommend checking this place out. It's right across from Liberty Place.Sometimes I get lazy and get dinner from here. Sold by weight buffet place isn't my thing but the owner lady was so kind when I visited them first time. She asked if  I was student and offered me 10% discount whenever I come and can eat the buffet with affordable prices. I thought that was so nice that they offered discount to students. Maybe she did because I am same Korean as she is. But those kindness I was never had in NYC for last 10 years. 
Beside kindness, their buffet is pretty nice actually. Like their salad. Was fresh and they have different kinds. And a lot of vegetarian options. I am not vegetarian but I like to have some vegetarian options with my meat. I got my dinner and it was like $7. Good price and I had filling dinner.A solid breakfast, lunch and hot buffet place. I came during the morning at around 9am for a quick bite before i head back home and the food was alright. I had come in the night before to grab some dinner and there were a huge variety of foods. I love how spread out they were in terms of their foods. Its a good place to get a bite to eat early in the morning or around lunch time!Awesome value for money.
Great choice of well cooked and prepared food for breakfast. Nice coffee and great serviceTerrible!  Everything from the food to the service.  The place is horridly expensive (e.g., typical meal costs $20).  I complained about my food and the owners told me to leave.  Will never return.
Btw, does anyone care about the type of people this place hires?  If anyone did, this place would be shut down in a heart beat.I absolutely love it here!  They offer a wide variety of food selections but beware it's all measured by weight.  It's easy to add in a 1 lb of food.... 
It's a buffet style of salad, fruits, American hot food and Asian food.  I usually get the Kale salad (delicious and full of flavor, not bitter or hard but well cooked and seasoned), the honey mustard chicken (it's a cold dish but was once fried and coated with honey mustard), and the Singapore noodle.  
They also offer a variety of drinks and they are also a bottle shop!  Win win in my book.  They also do hot and cold sandwiches and soups by the counter with tons of snacks along the wall.  Spend some time here and look around.  I love coming here when I don't know what I want to eat since there's something here for everyone!
I usually get my food to go but they do have an upstairs dining area to sit, microwave and relax when you're dining.
All in all, great place!  Def check out on your lunch stop.Great buffet that I found by accident. Everything looked nice, clean and good! Food is not bad at allThis is my go-to place to eat in the city. Not cheap unless you go after 5, but definitely a no-nonsense way to get healthy whole foods that fit your macros. Skip the sushi and go for the cold salads. I'm not even a fan of cold salads and I indulge.  Also a great selection of cold beer for takeout!Definitely one of the most cost-efficient places for lunch in city. A ton of veggie/non-veggie options from every cuisine you can imagine. The service was fast and efficient, they also have an upstairs if you have time to sit and eat. Location wouldn't rock anyone's socks off, but it gets the job doneLove this out of the way place, great food selections especially for a vegetarian like myself, clean and well-kept buffet table. I go once a week. Be careful of how much you take since the cost is by weight.Abundance and near-endless variety are the attractions of that modern miracle, the urban ethnic buffet.  On these fronts, Four Seasons delivers.
Their offerings seem relatively fresh--neither old nor originating from a can--and that is not always a given.
Finally, they have a really sweet upstairs seating area that differentiates them from their arch-nemeses, VIP on Walnut.  Magnificent.Largest buffet I found in Center City. It's fast and cheap and the food is ok...This is truly a hidden gem. All normal signs of quality point to it being terrible: Cheesy name, ugly exterior, and the sheer fact that it is a buffet. However, this is seriously one of the best quick lunches in the city. All of the food is good. I don't know how they do it, but I have tried almost every option they have at least once, and I am always amazed. Perfect for healthy eaters who feel they can't find anything cheap and high quality in the area. My go to plate is usually as follows: Turkey breast, broccoli from the chicken and broccoli, collard greens, lemon mustard chicken, and grape leaves (yes, grape leaves). When people warn you about the 'pay by weight' checkout, seriously listen. You can easily pay $15+ if you're not careful.This is hands down the best buffet in Center City west of Broad.  Everything usually tastes very fresh and does not have the typical "sitting around too long" taste of other buffets.  I haven't had anything heavy/greasy unless it was clearly a fried food.  They have a nice selection of typical American and Chinese offerings but there are usually some Korean choices too.  My only complaint is that I get too much food so my bill is high.love it!!! anything you could possibly want under a sneeze gaurd! they also have a deli section with soups and specials. pointer. if you want the lunch, go as close to 11 as possible. thats when its fresh. before everyone messes with it. the weekends, its not as impressive. i guess being in the biz district, there is just not enuff biz to go all out. i know they also have breakfast. but i never tried it.My new go-to lunch spot. The outside of the building is deceiving - I never wanted to go in because it looks shady and a bit out of place on chestnut. Otherwise, this place has the most affordable fresh salads in center city. I've never tried the hot food, but every salad I've made has been awesome and the fruit they sell is really fresh. Definitely the best place to try if you buy lunch all the time and are looking to spend under $10 for actual good food. 
One suggestion - try to arrive a little before or at noon for the best selection!!If you are looking for something fast, or even just can't decide what to get for lunch, come to the Four Seasons food court. It's a serve yourself buffet, where food is priced by the pound. However be forewarned that their food is incredibly pricey. So choose your food weight wisely! I came here once for Chinese food, and filled up my container w/ lo mein, a chicken dish, & a couple pieces of crab Rangoon. My total was just under $20. (I have since gone across the street to the Liberty food court when I'm in the mood for Chinese, as a similar sized container is less than $7). 
Despite the expensive prices, this is still a good place to come for lunch. All the food is made fresh, and often multiple food items are getting refilled as you wander the buffet. There's also sandwiches that can be ordered from the deli, which I have not yet tried. There is counter seating downstairs & full table seating upstairs. There is a $5 minimum for credit card payments.
Def a good place to checkout for lunch, just be mindful of your food weight!OMG...I have found my new go to lunch spot in the city! When I need food fast and don't know what to get I go here. I LOVE all of the options and that I can get a little bit of everything. I especially love the seafood salad and all of the diff chicken and fish options. It makes me so happy being able to get whatever I want instead of having someone make me one type food. So far my meals cost between $7-$9, so much better than a $10 salad or wrap or anything else in the city. And I feel full and happy! Also, there is seating upstairs in case you want to stop by here with friends, but it's more of a fast take out buffet place. Yum!!!!
PS. After 5pm on Mon-Fri it's 30% off!Delicious selection, super friendly and kind cashier. Open late. Clean. Will definitely eat here again!The person behind the grill/deli and the cashiers are really sweet; I feel like I'm taken good care of when I come here. The food is really fresh and there's like everything imaginable available, from Asian food to American food. The sushi was great and their fruit was really fresh. Their upstairs has a small room in the back where you can watch TV/the news which is convenient so you can catch up on current events while eating. It's really clean and bright, so you'll definitely enjoy the environment. Whenever I'm near the area, I come here for a quick, great meal.Pretty good buffet.  Lot's of variety to choose from.  Careful not to keep piling on your plate though, because it adds up pretty quickly.Same buffet every day so I know what I'm getting when I head over. A variety of Asian and American choices. It is usually pretty busy around lunch time but I've never waited more than 30 seconds in line - very efficient. Upstairs has a lot of seating and the pricing is done by weight.Popular place and I know why...delish! In town on business and asked an Art Institute student where I should eat lunch and she recommended this place. Reminds me of my favorite deli Goodies in DC. I got a taste of a ton of dishes and they all hit the spot.Great fresh food.   I love all of the options from hot to cold!  Place is kept clean. Be careful, the price can add up fast with all of the delicious options.  Great to eat in or take out!Don't let the entrance deceive you. This is simply the most delicious selection of fresh and 'interesting food imaginable! From Greek to American and Asian all under one roof.  Grab a cold drink to go and enjoy.This place sells prepared foods and some groceries. You can order sandwiches at the counter or grab a to-go box and fill it up with items from the buffet. The buffet has Americanized Chinese food (which I didn't try--it didn't look very unique) and a lot of vegetable-based "health food," that is, salads, fresh fruit, roasted vegetables, and the like. I tried a lot of the salads, but overall, nothing really stood out, though everything was fresh and tasted decent. Same goes for the chicken cheesesteak sandwich. They also had some pastry items that I didn't try.
The woman who was behind the counter was friendly. There's a pretty nice seating area upstairs. It's quite large and clean.Love the place. It would get 5 stars if the food was a bit warmer but it is always fresh and what a selection! I don't think it's expensive, you can't get a good lunch in center city for anything less then $8. The dining area upstairs is quiet and clean and so is the rest room. It's one of my regular lunch spots.Four Seasons Food Court is my favorite buffet take-out place in Center City Philly. They have a nice variety of dishes and everything tastes FRESH. It is my go-to place when I'm not up for the other fast-food joints on Chestnut Street. It is kind of expensive (because I always get too much...) that I don't go here often, but the food is yummy and it doesn't make you feel like crap. 
Some of my favorites include the baked salmon (boneless/tender/juicy/flavorful, a must get!), pork dumplings, sauteed bok choy w/ mushrooms, string beans, pork/beef ribs, any braised meat, eggplant, and some salad fixings. The salad bar is full of good stuff: artichoke hearts, stuffed grape leaves, olives, real bacon bits, alfalfa sprouts, pickled beets, and all the typical things you see in a salad bar. I never go for the deep fried items (e.g. fries, onion rings, chicken tenders, etc.) since there's a Popeye's another block away if I wanted it for cheaper. For the sushi, there's mostly just California rolls, don't expect them to have any tuna/salmon rolls. TIP: If you love to try everything, don't make the mistake of putting big portions of everything in your container because it all adds up and you won't be able to finish (guilty here)!  
Plenty of ample seating if you go upstairs. Don't forget to buy yourself a drink or beer to go along with your meal. When the weather is nice, I like to eat in Rittenhouse Square or the John F. Collins Park which are both a short walk away.I just love eating here!
Every drink imaginable. I love getting mashed potatoes and pepper steak!
Seating area is the best and they have microwaves. I wish it was more places like this :)~I was wandering the streets on my lunch break, in search of a salad to fill my increasingly rumbling tummy...and there I saw it.. The Four Seasons Food Court...I walked in & immediately my body gravitated toward the 20+ft buffet; I thought it was a mirage at first, it was the most beautiful sight known to a hungry man. 
First Impressions: The cheerful ladies behind the deli-style counter greeted the weary traveler, I noticed in my peripherals a nice wooden bar-stool eating area to the right, & supposedly there is a seated area upstairs! Now in regards to this magnificent fresh buffet, I grabbed a plastic salad container in preparation. I am a big man & like to load my salads up with toppings, which let me tell you this buffet had so many selections I could come back for months & never have to get the same salad. As I continued down the buffet it just kept getting better.. a full container of pre-peeled fresh avocados.. amazing is the only word that comes to mind.  
The Don approves of this establishment & will be back~Grab a 6-pack and some fast, fresh, and yummy food from the buffet or order a sandwich. You can't lose!They sell these amazing Korean Beef ribs . I'm not sure what day they put them out, but I go there every now and then and pop in to see if they have them. Next time I will ask what day they are putting them out.Small place that largely focuses around drinks, beer and an extremely large salad/pasta bar.
The staff is always extremely friendly and the place is spotless clean. Despite its' size the salad bar might be the largest I've ever seen and they actually have a wide variety of micro brews.
Only downfall is the place isn't cheap. I know, it's Center City, their rent is sky high, but it's still worth noting that the you might do a double take when they ring you up. Still, it beats fast food and really horrible pizza, which is basically all that's around it.Everything is always hot/cold and fresh, and includes more interesting fare than other buffets. Perfect for a quick, cheapish lunch. The place is frequented by the business crowd and AIPH students since it's right next door. I used to have one class a week at that building and I pretty much got lunch there each week. I always tried different things and I don't remember being very disappointed by anything. I'm not a sushi-eater, but I heard from a few friends that their sushi is above average as well. 
It's usually pretty easy to find seating upstairs unless you're right in the middle of the lunch rush, and it's also a nice place to just sit and kill time if there aren't a lot of other people up there.Visiting from San Francisco where we have an abundance  of truly delicious and affordable restaurant options, I was very happy to discover the Four Seasons Food Court in downtown Philadelphia.
Huge variety of freshly prepared food. Lots of options for healthy eating (or high carb, low veggie eating if that's your preference). Take out or dine in very pleasant upstairs seating area. A good mix of various ethnic cuisine. Pleasant, friendly staff.
Buffet food sold by weight offers a great "build your own meal" option. Very affordable. They offer a discount for the buffet after 5 PM. I had three meals there in one day (drinking only water as a beverage) for less than $20 total for the whole day! A big eater would spend more, but I was quite satisfied with these three meals and didn't eat anything else during a full day of walking around as a tourist. Pleasant. diverse mix of customers, tourists and locals.It doesn't look like much from the outside but it's actually a pretty great buffet, albeit a bit small. Foods include: salad fixings, fruit, American, Chinese. They sell alcohol and regular drinks, and DO ID. The food is really good in my opinion. Fresh fruit isn't too ripe, and I recommend you try the roasted chicken. It's fabulous.Because of severe diet restrictions I usually have to pack all my meals but on the days I forget my lunch I've gone to this place. I can eat the Tofu and the fish and both are fresh and tasty. Don't forget to grab a beverage on your way out!I just grabbed whatever looked good and everything was at least as tasty as it looked. The service was great and the price was right.I lover Four Seasons Food Court.  Everything looks fresh and it Is not stinky like the other ones.  In my building we have have Oh So Good! and I am not a fan so I can take a walk to this spot.   Food is reasonable and they have a wide variety.    The only complaint is that I know they are overpriced on their little candybar items that is near the cashier.  Where I pay 15 cents for a mini peppermint patti they charge like 45 cents..but I really don't need it.   
Would recommend to anyone who Is looking for a nice buffet or want different things to eat!I love this food bar so much. They have the best selection of good, healthy food along with greasy comfort food. I go to the Whole Foods market and get their salad bar as well but I can confidently say I like these options better. Plus it's cheaper! Whether you're a picky or adventurous eater, this place is a great find.Good food for the price nice little rest area at the top to sit n watch tv also they have beer !!!If you are looking for something fast, or even just can't decide what to get for lunch, come to the Four Seasons food court. It's a serve yourself buffet, where food is priced by the pound. However be forewarned that their food is incredibly pricey. So choose your food weight wisely! I came here once for Chinese food, and filled up my container w/ lo mein, a chicken dish, & a couple pieces of crab Rangoon. My total was just under $20. (I have since gone across the street to the Liberty food court when I'm in the mood for Chinese, as a similar sized container is less than $7). 
Despite the expensive prices, this is still a good place to come for lunch. All the food is made fresh, and often multiple food items are getting refilled as you wander the buffet. There's also sandwiches that can be ordered from the deli, which I have not yet tried. There is counter seating downstairs & full table seating upstairs. There is a $5 minimum for credit card payments.No more Kombucha.  :(
Stinky.  :b  Like hot fish and stinky cabbage.  :b
Really nice cashiers :)
Needs ventillation (cough cough) and more Kombucha :)G.T.'s Kombucha for $4.99 ( :b  too much) and Taste Nirvana Coconut Water: $2.25Four Seasons:
a. The solution to your lunchtime indecision 
b. The ultimate test of self-control
c. All of the above!
I used to walk by this place all the time while I did my Center City shopping. It doesn't look very attractive on the outside which is why I never bothered to check it out...until one fateful day when my boss announced that she couldn't decide what she wanted for lunch, so she got mac and cheese, sushi and meatloaf. Casual. Where on earth does one get such a random assortment of foods? Four Seasons. 
There's a ton of salad bar options, fruit, pre-made salads, Chinese food, American food, but my favorites are the spinach lasagna (which isn't so much a lasagna but more of a creamed spinach with melted cheese on top), Singapore noodles, honey mustard chicken, baked fish, seafood salad, chicken kebabs, spicy spaghetti salad. Everything is pretty fresh and the place is always kept clean.
They also have soups and made-to-order sandwiches, which I haven't tried, but have heard good things about. The walls are lined with a TON of snacks and drinks, too! Plus, 30% off after 5pm on weekdays, and I believe they offer a student discount as well. Price is by weight though, so be careful that you don't get carried away if you're anything like me...
Four Seasons, you have changed my workday lunches forever. Where else am I going to walk into with the intentions of getting a small, healthy salad for lunch, and hang my head in shame (but not really) as co-workers walk by your desk and see you chowing down on mac and cheese, baked salmon and stuffed mushrooms instead?Any place that makes more than 30 main dishes to choose from is sketchy to me. A small 'corner store' like this place is not ordering that much 'real' meat in a week. Let's be REAL. And there's always a strange smell inside which I contributed to the mix of various foods and the lunch meats. 
Their prices are extremely high. Fruit is a little over $8 per pound. 
It's a convenient location because it's located in Center City along Chestnut, but overall I've had the staff be way more rude to me than I'm comfortable with as a customer. I took yet another chance at this place today... and this time I had someone tell me to put a plastic bag over my umbrella. But did you say that to any of your other patrons? Everyone is wet and it's raining. I don't think a wet umbrella or a wet raincoat makes much of a difference. Should I leave my coat at the door too? 
Yeah. Won't be returning to this place.I am so happy I decided to stumble into Four Seasons food court. I was a little hesitant at first based on exterior image alone, but I was super hungry and did not want to walk another block.
They have so many options to choose from and I was so overwhelmed with how tasty everything looked. I really liked that they had vegetarian options for protein like their delicious fried tofu. Overall, I was extremely satisfied with my meal and I thought the price was for the quality even with it being a buffet style food court.
I would definitely check out this place if you want to grab something quick and want to have a myriad to choose from.I'm very saddened to see that Four Seasons is now gone.  On the front door was a sign thanking everyone for 15 years.  I like them better than VIP market and will really miss their salmon and their spicy green beans.  Whats crazy is I was just here last week, with no inkling that they would be gone forever!!I usually have a hard time ordering food off a menu because I'm rarely happy with just one thing, and I usually crave many different things at once and I want them all. (yeah, this ain't just my appetite talking, Freud could have a field day here)
So I like this place - a huge buffet with food options galore!  There's a good offering of hot and cold and I've always found the food here to be fresh and well-prepared.  As other reviews mention - they usually set out the first serving around 11 am - so come anytime between then and noon to really get it fresh.
You can pass on the sushi, but don't miss all their freshly prepared veggies.  Grilled balsamic peppers, eggplant and squash - Sesame asparagus and brocoli rabe, sauteed bok-choy with mushrooms! Yum! You've also got your standard take-out Asian variety (try the singapore noodles),  American comfort  favorites (try their creamed spinach, it'll clog your arteries but it will be worth it), traditional Mediterranean fare (if you're there early, try some of the fish, couscous salad)  
Price is based on weight - so beware of how much you pile on because before you know it you'll be spending $15 for your portions.  I usually get pretty stuffed on a plate (which includes a bit of everything, of course!) that runs me a reasonable $8.50 to $9.50.Awesome buffet with asian food recipes, fish, salad and fruit.Shout out to Four Seasons for helping me out when I have no idea what to eat for lunch. I just waltz on down to Four Seasons and get a little bit of everything at their buffet. They always have the greek salad I love as well as other delicious things like a la carte sushi, fresh fruit, pasta salad, chinese food, shrimp, etc. etc. always cooked fresh, always tasty. Of course, like any buffet, it can get pricey (I never keep track of how heavy my plate is getting). 
They also make sandwiches in the front of the store, but I've never gotten one so I can't comment.
$5 card minimum (trust me, you'll spend at least that on the buffet). There's a discount for students. Fast cashiers (I think they have a talent for ringing up multiple people at once so don't expect a conversation). Also, seating upstairs if you want to eat in.OMFG.  This place is an answer to a softly spoken prayer in my heart, a dream I had almost given up on to find a salad bar within walking distance of my work.  To then find that said salad bar had CHINESE FOOD and PLANTAINS and LATKES and every manner of delicious dream food I could think of.  What a win for the universe that this place exists.  It is heaven to me.I'm usually very skeptical of buffets & of breakfast. Well today I decided to give them a try. The food was excellent & well flavored. It was priced very competitively as well because my meal was under $5. I will definitely be back.This is a super convenient and delicious breakfast joint. I was working a late night shift and I wanted some food around center city. It was only 6 a.m and the Four Seasons was the only place opened. I have passed the place a few times but never given it any thoughts. If anything, it reminded me of 7-eleven. 
I was very glad I walked in. This place was awesome, everything was freshly prepped. They had everything from coffee to chili to fresh made sandwiches and their breakfast buffet choices included scrambled eggs, toasts, turkey sausage, chicken sausage, pork sausage, scrapple, ham, potatoes and so much more. Food was still coming out as I was paying for my take out.
I had pork and turkey sausage with bacon, scrapple, ham, baked potatoes and scrambled eggs with 2 toasts and an orange juice for around $8. Common, who can beat that?
There was a seating area upstairs, it was spacious and convenient. I will be coming back very soon to try the rest of their selections. This is a hidden gem right in the middle of center city, make sure you do not miss it, it's more than worth a visit and I'm sure you will soon make it your everyday go-to.Came across this place when I was a hair school student at empire , & it changed my life. Such a wide variety of options to choose from. They gave a student discount and always were warm people. I went looking for 4 seasons & found that it shut down. My heart & my stomach are so empty!A buffet in center city.
I like that they offer a lot of variety. I often come here for lunch and get the caesar salad. 
Food comes out pretty frequently, and after work hours they offer 30% off. Their regular pricing is a bit high. I pay more for a caesar salad here, than at salad works.
Still come here if you aren't sure what you want to eat....because they have options.I live right around the corner so this is my go-to spot to grab a cheap 12 pack (the Foodery a little further up the street sells much better beer and has a huge selection). On NYE I tried the deli sandwiches for the first time-- the turkey hoagie was decent and bigger than a Wawa sub for the same price. I went back tonight for another sandwich and from now on I think I'll stick to beer purchases. The woman behind the counter called over to a guy who was mopping up the floor and told him what I wanted. The guy proceeds to get behind the deli counter and grab a roll out of the case to begin making my sandwich-- without washing his hands. The same hands that were splashing around in a slop bucket moments earlier. I just walked out the door.Dear Four Seasons Food Court,
This is a letter professing my love. I wondered past you one day hungry for salad and not only did you deliver but you stole my heart forever. You have so many delicious toppings and you don't cut your vegetables into abnormally big chunks. You have kimchi, tofu, sushi, pasta salad, fruit, cheesecake, and the only place in this city I have found diet birch beer. Though I still spend too much on you, your cheaper than nearly any other salad bar around. Last time I visited I discovered your strange 2nd floor seating area- full of surprises you are. 
I am eternally grateful for the joy you bring my lunch.
Love,
ShaunaSometimes I can't figure out what to eat and so I take myself to Four Seasons to have a little of everything.  This is definitely one of the better lunch buffets I have been to.  You can go healthy or you can go fat kid.  Either way, they have what you need.
My favorite is their steamed pork dumplings.  I crave them.I can't believe that it took me 4 months to find this place! It's a combination of a convenience store and buffet, but with a wider selection of protein bars, even paleo ones, than Vitamin Shoppe!
I just love the concept of this store- beer, snacks and a buffet!
I took off two stars for the quality of Chinese food in the buffet- the chicken and broccoli was fantastic, but the pork dumplings were stale, the vegetable lo mein lacked flavor and the general tsos were sugary. I still finished all of it because I was pretty hungover and food quality wasn't as important as its greasiness. Haha.
Fun fact: the buffet is 30% off after 5pm on weeknights!Loved this place. Was staying at Club Quarters a half a block away and this was the go-to breakfast or lunch place. Huge variety of pre-made food in warming trays, with lots of fresh veggies and fruits. Good prices for this kind of pay-by-the-pound food (can't remember exact price-- but a reasonable sized portion was below $7). The owners/associates were efficiently friendly.Not bad - for a deli/hot food buffet.  Especially oif you get here at 11:30 or so when the food is still fresh and has not yet been picked over by the lunch crowd.
Nice guys behind the counter/grill for breakfast, too.
Reminds me alot of my deli in New Yawk.
I like it, OK for a cheap, quick fix.Food over priced and personally not all that great. I've been to similar places in the area and they were almost 2 dollars less than this place and to top it off the lady had a nasty attitude, im good in this one I wont be backI have been going to this restaurant for many years and I just love there food always tasty clean sitting area did many business settings at the great sitting area that is always available love the atmosphereI stopped here for a late lunch and was pleasantly surprised. My husband was at a work conference so it was just me and I didn't want a sit-down restaurant, but was looking for something other than a chain sandwich shop. 
There's a variety of plastic containers above the salad bar which allows you to choose however much or little you want to eat... But remember: you pay for your food by weight. Things quickly add up!
The fruit and veggies all looked fresh, so did the pre-made salads and proteins. The hot bar featured a good mix of American and Asian options and the dishes weren't sitting in puddles of oil. They also had a bunch of different chips, snacks, cereals, and power bars. Not to mention, the side and back walls were all fridges full of beer, juices, and sodas.
There's plenty of seating upstairs and the whole place appeared clean - nice to see people that clean up after themselves."lifes a buffet and most poor suckers are starving to death"  ,,   this is a great place.. get there before noon and the world is your oyster..  every thing is fresh and worth the price.. get a little or get alot.   been eating here since they opened and the owner actually gave me a box of candy for Xmas..     and the grill makes the best  sandwiches ....I feel like this place is somewhat of a well kept secret - it's in the heart of the city and it's not a famous, well known restaurant like the others that pepper Chestnut st. But it's a no frills, good food, BEER selling buffet (charge by weight) slash grill slash bodega. Great for lunch, and even cheaper for dinner (they have a discount on their buffet an hour or so before closing time), and they have tons of Asian snacks.
I don't think their hot food has changed very much over the years, but I don't mind - it's all great. The mac and cheese is awesome, and I feel better when I load up on the salads they offer (and they're light!). The one thing that really has changed is the beer. They sell them in singles, six pack, and they have a really great variety.
I come back often for freshly made food and the tons of options.The food is great but if your not paying more than 5.00 for something you should either use cash or go somewhere else. According to the cashier, if your stuff totals 3.62 and you only have 3.50 cash but money on a debit card, don't expect to get any sympathy, expect for them to scream out that you don't have any money and would rather waste food than to let you go for 12 cents. I probably won't go back there again. The cashier was rude and embarrassing. I'm not sure how I was supposed to know my food was under 5.00 and I shouldn't be pressured into buying more stuff that I don't want!What I've learned about four seasons buffet is that A: They have a wide variety of food and most of it is pretty good and fresh. B: After 5pm the food is 33% off which is a big deal because you could easily pay 12-15 bucks at lunchtime for a relatively little bit of food. 
With that in mind, I freakin love this place at an early dinner after 5 when I work late and don't want to run  into coworkers. You can sit on the second level and avoid the crowd. It's really nice in there considering it being an old school buffet. Did I mention they sell beer? 
There are definitely more veggie than meat options but the meat options are pretty tasty and they never let food sit too long. You can also choose between a plastic or Styrofoam container which is nice if your not into foam rolling. (workout joke)
The sushi is standard but pretty good as well. 
Try it all....after 5pm. That's all I got lolI have been eating here for three years and the food is consistently of good quality and tasty.  When I have a craving, they usually have an offering to satisfy.  
I held back on a full five star rating because I'm 99% sure that they water down their salad dressing.  Not a lot, but enough to be noticeable, which is weird.  I AM paying by the pound for it.  
I have never had a plate of food come in over $8.This is a great buffet! I always just passed by this place because at first glance it doesn't look like a "fresh" buffet.
But when I went with my coworker (reluctantly), I found that the selection of food and the taste to be really good!
I got roasted chicken, mussels, fried shrimp, plantains (just cause why not), mangos, and other stuff. All tasted solid. The price wasn't crazy either, I ate lunch comfortably for $10.One of my co-workers introduced me to "Yellowhouse" about 3 years ago.  I never actually bothered to look at the real name b/c everyone at work called it that.  This is a great spot when you don't know what you want for lunch (or dinner).  I've eatten upstairs, but usually take it to go.  The cashiers are quick and friendly. 
There's a good mix of hot and cold items. You pay by the pound, so generally I never buy the heavier items like the pastas or potatoes.  I love their couscous salad.  You can also build your own salad and get whatever hot meats are out to put on top (grilled chicken, salmon, or marinated chicken). It seems to kept clean and tidy.  Once I saw a woman use a spoon for another dish and a worker immediately picked it up and replaced it with a clean one.  
While this place won't blow your mind, it's great in a pinch whether you want the buffet or the deli line.This place is a great think for a vegan (or vegan-ish) to keep in his back pocket: a food court (e.g. Buffet style place, charged by the pound) with not just salad vegetables but cooked vegetables.  Green beans.  Asparagus.  Streamed vegetables (cauliflower, broccoli, etc.).  Sautéed mushrooms.  
Of course, there's meat too -- but I can get those things anywhere. 
Everything was immaculately clean -- something which I might not have guesses given the plain exterior. 
I only give it three stars because the nature of the beast is that food is sitting out, getting cold.
Also, losing a star for environmental waste: for eat in, it's all disposable styrofoam plates and plastic forks.   Folks, if Boston Market can use real (washable!) dishwater, so can this place.I've only been here at night on past trips to Philly, so I can't speak to the seemingly amazing weekday buffet my fellow Yelpers are raving about. However, they have an amazing beer and cider selection up for grabs, most of them for single sale if you don't want to get a six pack. YES! For late night snacks and brews when you don't feel like going out to the bar, this is the place to go. Everyone loves a drink and a snack on their comfy hotel beds without paying room service or mini bar prices, am I right?I stumbled upon this place during my lunch break from work. I went in and was confused on how the pricing works. I asked an employee and he said that they charge by the pound. I ended up over paying for my lunch and was not even satisfied by the quality of their hot food. It was mediocre at best. The shrimp fried rice was stale. I won't be coming back unless it's for a salad and a drink.It is a great place if ur looking for something that is not too expensive. I love that they have so much healthy food with a lot of variety!! They have a great buffet where hav very healthy  choices. The staff is very nice. The place is clean, there is a sitting place upstairs where you can sit down and enjoy your food! Highly reccommend. Will always return! :)This place is the bomb. It's essentially a healthier, fresher version of a typical Chinese/American buffet and with a better selection.
The price-by-weight thing tends to surprise me at the register (mostly because I can't make up my mind and end up grabbing everything so it comes to like $9), but for the quality of the food, I'd say it's worth it if you want a custom lunch just for you.
They have pretty much every type of fruit, salad topping, chicken in different styles, rice, seafood, etc.  The seafood is my favorite, actually. Get the shrimp tempura. It's so delicious and the batter tastes like something from a high end sushi restaurant. The basa fish is always fresh and I've never once felt skeptical about eating a fish filet at 12:00 pm here.
There's a decent amount of seats upstairs, which is always rare for lunch places in center city.  I took off a star for the downstairs area being a little too narrow and crowded during lunch hours, making it hard to navigate and make your selections. I'll still come back here weekly though!Located near Liberty Mall, i never intended to try before. Until 1 day, i just want to check this place and it came out that the food looked good. 
Like typical buffet, you grab a box and put your desired food in the box. They will scale and prized it. The place is clean and they have variants of food, including salads and pasta. 
The taste surprisingly good enough for buffet. I tried their meatloaf (which me, hubby, and son really like), chicken kungpao (not bad), and stir fry veggie (not bad). I forget the weight but i pay almost 20$ for 1 box with that 3 items (you can take more items, they only care about the weight). I think its a fair price and will be back if i  dont want fancy place to find food.