Wow, I ate a year's worth of unhealthy food in one fell swoop :) Just because I'm a vegan DOES NOT mean it's all tofu & sprouts.
Had a corn dog & poutine. Both were salty & fatty & DELICIOUS
Fast & attentive service. They make sure to ask whether you are vegan or vegetarian or omni when you order the veg options to make sure they prep it accordingly!Oh, my, cheese curds! The fried cheese curds were incredible. My honey is from Minnesota and loves his cheese curds. He was shocked and saddened to find that cheese curds are pretty scarce around our parts. More and more places are starting to serve them though, and we've tried every plate we've come across. When we sat down to share the cheese curds from Fox & Son he just nodded and pointed at them. These were the cheese curds he's been searching for on the East Coast. They were amazing. The batter was very thin and very crispy and the cheese curds were top quality. Usually when we share food, we're polite...you take one, I take one, no you have the bigger one...etc. Not this time. It was every man for himself as we devoured the plate. The corn dogs looked very good, but I'll probably never try one because I'll just be stuffing myself with cheese curds any time we visit.The staff and service here is A+ but I am disappointed by their name sake product. I don't know what kind of dogs they use but I personally prefer an all beef Hebrew National, Nathan's, Sabrett's type of hot dog. Their dog tasted like it was maybe beef and pork or similar to a Deitz and Watson frank. No snap to the dog. The corn breaking I found a little to grainy sandy, the ratio of corn meal to corn flour is off and then breading is lacking the fluffiness and hint of sweetness I have come to expect from Jersey shore and Coney Island spots, where the dogs are always pure nostalgic, dependable perfection.Had the sweet potato corn dog and poutine. Pretty pricey for a corn dog. I guess maybe my expectations were high because of the high rating on Yelp. Fries were overcooked and on the salty side. As the saying goes, it is what it is. Probably as amazing as a corn dog can be. The fries could be much better though.Best cheese curds I've ever had! Perfect crispness and saltines.  Will be back for sure!A Cheese lovers dream...Poutine and fried cheese curds in one spot, easily Some of the best I've ever had! 
And speaking as someone who doesn't normally like Corndogs.. You've got to try these thingsWent here for the fried dough and was happy as a clam. Generous portion with just enough powdered sugar. The wait til was minimal and staff was very friendly.So many great options to choose from, all handcrafted right in front of you.  Pricing was spot on for the quality of all the dishes.  I had the cheddar jalapeño corn dog and it was amazing!  Don't miss out on the poutine and cheese curds also!Skip the corn dog and go straight to the funnel cake! It was to die for! The first gluten free funnel cake I have ever had. The corn dog was a little doughy in the middle but who cares, it just left more room for the funnel cake!!Omg. The corn dogs and the cheese curds. Corndog- batter was thin and crispy and the dog had a nice snap. Cheese curds- cramps, crispy, delicious. Also the homemade cherry vanilla soda was fabulousInteresting new takes on corndogs! Got the sweet potato and the chili corndog. Delish! It looked amazing too and stopped people in the street wanting to know where we got those corndogs. Haha! Really nice staff too!!Corndogs and cheese curd gravy fries are slamming , very friendly peeps. not fond of the chimichurri dip tho.My husband was most excited for this place since he hasn't had funnel cake and corn dogs in years due to celiacs. This place was great, gluten free or not. All the food was great.Great options for all dietary preferences and all delicious!  I enjoyed the classic corn dog and poutine, loved both items!  Will definitely be back!They have gluten free funnel cakes!!! If you are gluten free, this place is a must stop! My bf had some and said it's just like a regular one at the fair. Worth every penny! I'll be back!This place is a must go for anyone in Philly. I went with my boyfriend on a recent trip and absolutely loved it. Everything on the menu is delicious! Definitely recommend the corn dog and fried Oreos.Love the concept and was so excited to have a non-beef/pork corn dog option - I've never seen this before. The food is really yummy and creative. I had the jalapeno cheddar corn dog (w/ a turkey dog). $5-6 for a corn dog might seem like a lot but it's fair given they are gourmet style corn dogs, with high quality/scratch made ingredients and made to order. I love corn bread so would love to see even more corn bread batter on the corn dogs. The drinks (I had the lemonade) are also excellent. The owners and staff are also amazingly kind and friendly!!! Recommend visiting this stand at Reading Terminal Market!Working near the Reading terminal definitely has it's benefits with all its wonderful meal choices. Today,  I discovered a new favorite; Fox and sons lamb fries. The fries themselves are stellar, crispy enough,  tender enough,  perfectly salted these fries will satisfy cravings on thier own. Fox and sons thinks outside of the box I'm so glad they do! These lamb fries are definitely a winner they are seasonal,  and very tasty. Can't wait to try the cheeseburger fries.Yummy corn dogs. Must try the interesting diet soda Tractor cola, which is low in sugar, as it's derived from honey-- tastes unique but a bit similar to root beer.Was craving corndogs, so a coworker and I made visit to Reading Terminal for some gourmet corndogs.  This place has monopolized the corndog market in Philadelphia, well, since it's the ONLY corndog place in Philadelphia.  They serve a variety of different types of corndogs, the poutine is not bad, and they serve local branded sodas.  So if you're craving for corndogs, check this place out.We ate here for lunch. The staff was very friendly and helpful. We weren't super-hungry, but we felt like trying Fox & Sons before we went home. We were sad because their soda offerings were so meager. We ordered corn dogs and cheese curds. The corn dog was dry, but the cheese curds were FABULOUS!Visited this place in Reading Terminal on 5/16/2017. At work we are undertaking a Reading Terminal challenge where we go over every other week and try a new place. We are on the F's now. I had low expectations of this place. I mean, corn dogs?? But hello fancy!! I had the pork and beef with the sweet potato, chorizo and cilantro sour cream topping. Each bite was scrumptious. The corn meal base was perfect and the outside toppings were a perfect touch. Got the fries for $3.50 and they were in a very large container which was meant to be shared among 3 people!  I tried the cheese curds too, which were lovely. The fresh lemonade was very good. I still need to try the funnel cake!! Fun place and hip signage/counter to boot. Great job, Fox!Note this review is only of cheese curds! 
I am a big fan of cheese curds, so whenever I see them on the menu I must get them. 
I had just finished up a dim sum brunch and a few cookies when I walked by Fox and noticed they had them on the menu...those beautiful balls of fried cheese. 
Thankfully I ordered them because these are the best cheese curds I have ever had!  My two other friends agreed, and if you doubt me, one even lived in Milwaukee where she enjoyed many cheese curd dishes. We finished them all in under a minute. Open your mind to the curds.These are truly fancy corn dogs and tasted quite good. Not too greasy and the "dog" inside was juicy and balanced in taste. The crust was crispy and wasn't too sweet.I passed by this stall with a few friends and we shared the funnel cake, chili cheese fries, and the cheese curds. 
I was feeling pretty nostalgic for funnel cake, as I had just been to a flea market but unfortunately didn't pass by a funnel cake stand... Luckily Fox & Son was there to fill the void! I was super pleased with the warm, fluffy inside and the thick strings of dough. It was exactly what I was craving.
The chili fries were great, not soggy with a good chili to cheese to fries ratio!
Finally, the cheese curds... Just do yourself a favor and try them. May have been my favorite from everything we ordered. Crunchy outside, and a firm, cheesy inside. Git that ranch sawce. The funnel cake drew me in, but when I go back, I'm going for the curds.It was okay. Quality of all the ingredients were great but it lacked flavor... I was craving a hot dog on a stick kinda corn dog (childhood memories of mall visits in Los Angeles). Tasted somewhat like a healthier version of my nostalgic craving. Wouldn't go out of my way to eat there but if I happen to be passing by Reading terminal I might pop in.FANCY CORNDOGS! I love corndogs. And these are fancy. So I had to get it cause I'm fancy too. This is a stand inside the Reading Terminal Market. Sweet potato battered with chorizo, cilantro, sour cream, cost about 6 bucks. Not bad, I must say. They also sell poutine and funnel cake!Fox & Son has been on my "to try" list for quite a while, and yesterday I finally had the chance to try it. I was with my sister so we got the 2 for $8 deal, and both corn dogs we ordered were vegan. (We both had a weird corndog phase in childhood so I figured she'd be down for some nostalgic eats.) Unfortunately neither of us was a big fan of the corndog, and she ended up feeling not so great afterwards. 
The vegan corndogs are made with coconut milk so the batter is a bit sweeter than the conventional one (apparently. I didn't try the conventional one.) The batter also, unfortunately, makes the corndog look significantly less appealing than its non-veg counterpart. 
While the look of the corndog didn't bother me, flavor/texture wise I really wasn't a fan. The hotdog was soft to the point of being almost buttery, and the dough was an odd mix of crispy and mushy. The outside was (as you would I guess imagine) oily to the point that I could distinctly taste oil, and as the cashier said the corndog was a bit sweet, which I didn't realize I wouldn't like until I was eating it.
While I do appreciate the fact that they have a vegan option, and it seems that a lot of vegans are really for it, I just wasn't a big fan.This place was recently opened up in Reading Terminal Market. I was so glad to try fried cheese curds for the first time. They were cheesy, chewy and crispy. We got half original and half with ranch powder. I preferred the original ones better, which was less salty.
During our visit, one of the staff was doing an on-job training to a new joiner which we had to wait for some time for our food to be ready.Excellent corndogs (and other stuff). I admit, I hadn't had a corndog in YEARS, and was pleasantly surprised by how light (ie, not heavy and greasy) the batter was, and impressed by the variety of 'dog' and toppings I could choose from.
I also shared the cheeseburger fries, which were OUTSTANDING. Looking forward to going back to try poutine and other items on the menu.Being in Reading Terminal adds value to any shop location wise.  The food here does a good job of ridding the line between creative / new and traditional / comfort food.
The Cord Dogs are a big draw and I had the gourmet all beef dog with a sweet potato batter.  I also had the fried cheese curds with dry ranch seasoning.  
Of the two the fried cheese curds were actually highlight.  The corn dog was well above average.  But the batter was just a littler thicker and drier than would be ideal.  And the all beef dog was good too, but I have had juicer more flavorful dogs.   There was also a little bit of chopped meat sprinkled on the top of the Corn dog that made an inciting addition to the description of the dog but did not do much for the actually overall taste/experience of the corn-dog.  But still a very good corn don and an A for effort in terms of flourishes and originality. 
The Cheese curds were divine.  There were crispy and soft and rich and delicious.  Each only made me more excited to eat the next. 
 That combined with the A for gourmet corn dog effort make this place a vary sold place to get a meal in the crowded arena of the Reading Terminal.I was pretty disappointed in this vegan hot dog to be honest. I've had soy dogs that were delicious in the past so I was sad when I bit into my corn dog to find it to be very mushy with no effort in trying to taste like a regular hot dog. The batter itself was bland and didn't have that sweet cornmeal taste or texture to it like normal ones. It honestly just tasted like deep fried mush with a stick in it. If you're really craving a vegan hot dog, Whole Foods brand soy dogs blow these out of the water. I love the idea of bringing vegan treats to the RTM but please put some effort into making them tasteful.Looking for a snack after our flight into Philadelphia, we chose Fox & Son and enjoyed a corn dog and fried cheese curds.   The corn dog was dipped into a delicious cornmeal batter and fried to a crispy golden brown.   The star of the snack, however, was the fried cheese curds.   Little nuggets of cheese dipped in batter then fried, were chewy morsels of comfort, especially when dipped into the ranch dressing.I WOULD BATHE IN THIS POUTINE IF I COULD. It is so amazing. I am not the biggest corn dog fan, but this one completely changed my opinion. It is soooo tasty!! This is literally one of the most underrated places in reading terminal market. An absolute must!!!The breading on the classic corndog is quite gritty and could of been fried longer, pretty mediocre corndog for $5, not really worth the money.
The chili cheese fries are tasty, but probably could have used more chili on it. About $7.I've been here twice now - once with my boyfriend during the philly flower show and again today. I love the vegan corn dog they serve here! The dough is fluffy and battered just right. When I ordered, the gentleman actually asked me if I was vegetarian or vegan so he could make sure he served me the right stuff. I didn't get his name - but he had this orange hat with the cutest pins all over it. The fries here are also great. I work too far away from here to go on my lunch break but you better believe that after two visits I'm already getting cravings!Nice to have vegan options in RTM. Great new addition. We had the vegan poutine fries along with a draft root beer. We will be back! Very friendly staff who guided us through the vegan options on the menu.I stopped inside the Reading Terminal Market for a snack and this place looked interesting. I got a Sweet Potato Battered Corndog.  The dog was Spicy Sausage.  Quite interesting.  I also had an order of Fried Cheese Curds.  Cashier was very friendly.  I would visit again.This is the best place to get a corn dog in Philly. I'm typically not a patient person, but I don't mind waiting the 5 minutes for my dog to be made just for me. Even the regular size corn dogs are pretty big, so I never bother getting the jumbo ones. The only thing that I'm not totally crazy about is the suuuper grittiness of the batter the last time I was there. But regardless, I'll be back next time I venture to Reading Terminal Market!This was a cute concept. I was intrigued when a friend told me there was all kinds of unique dogs here. Well there are interesting combos to chose from, but only a few. Side note, they do have vegan options! I decided to try the sweet potato corndog with chorizo. The staff was very friendly. However when the corndog came, it was so small! I thought a gourmet corndog that was $7 would be bigger than the corndog I cook from frozen at home. I did take great, but didnt have all the flavors I was imagining from the description. Overall, I would try another fancy combo of a corndog, but that first one did not blow me away. And if it wasn't so pricy, I would be more in a hurry to try another.FRESH! Deep fried everything found here. Funnel cake, corn dogs, poutine, Oreos... all fresh out the deep fry and super delicious. Worth pushing through the crowds at Reading Terminal for some snacks.I haven't had funnel cake in 10 years! This tastes exactly like the real thing. I also got a corn dog, fries, and some fresh squeezed lemonade. They were also all delicious! I'll come back here every time I'm in the city. I would even take a trip just for this.Overall I enjoyed my food at Fox &Son 
I ordered the jalapeño cheddar corn dog and a side of fried cheese curds. Oh yessssssss...fried cheese curds. They are crunchy on the outside and soft and chewy on the inside. Fat on fat on fat. Portion is pretty big, share it with a friend. 
The corn dog was so so. The batter was a bit thick and dry for my taste. But definitely good effort to put a twist to an original old time favorite. 
The owner is super friendly. Everything is made fresh, so expect a little wait after you order. 
Give them a try. It may not be the best corn dog you  have ever eaten, but it was a fun and enjoyable meal.I'm not a big fan of corn dogs to begin with, but the brother wanted some. We ordered original corn dogs and a lemonade. Pork and beef and the all beef. 
All beef has more flavor than the pork and beef, but both very good. The corn batter was perfectly crisp and a good ratio between batter and hot dog.
I give it a 5 star because I can't think of an idea to improve it. 
The fresh squeezed lemonade was great as well.Located kitty (or catty) corner from Nanee's Kitchen, Fox & Son really helps cater to the vegan experience in a sea of limited options. The corn dogs are off the chain! They have animal options, kosher, and vegan. Made fresh at the time of ordering, these dogs make a fantastic treat yo self delectable. Vegan pouting and an upcoming vegan funnel cake make this a fabulous establishment for many different communities.
I recommend going with a friend! When you buy 2 corn dogs, you save $2!Don't let all the GF hype deter you from coming here! This is just plain, good food, gluten free or not. The classic corn dog was just that, classic. The cheese curds were delicious. The surprise hit though was the funnel cake. Don't get me wrong I expected the 10 year old to devour it. It was a surprise hit with me. I haven't enjoyed a funnel cake since I was probably 10 myself. Also be sure to try the lemonade - it was fresh squeezed and nice and tart. Great addition to Reading Terminal Market!I felt like the belle of the Reading Terminal Market walking around and looking for seating with my corndog in hand. I was getting lots of stares and whispers, and was even stopped twice in three minutes and asked where I had acquired this fried delicacy. I imagine this is what it is like to be famous.
I chose this place for two reasons. I'd heard of it and was keen to try it, but also, it had one of the shortest lines. 
Since my friend was treating us to lunch, I chose to stay modest and ordered the classic plain beef/pork corndog, but you can also choose from turkey, kosher, and vegan with a variety of toppings. They also have fresh squeezed lemonade, poutine, and fried cheese curds, which I'm dreaming about trying. 
The corndog was freshly dipped and fried - you can watch them do it! It was PERFECTLY cooked. It was crispy and golden brown on the outside, warm and fluffy inside. The batter is what makes this corndog stand out, it's so so tasty. One corndog was just enough to satiate me for  the lunch, but I could have easily scarfed another one. 
The staff was the lovely, the service was quick. I'll be sure to be back!Scratch Corn Dogs & Fried Cheese Curds- Outstanding!  Fox and Son sets the bar HIGH at Reading Terminal Market!The newest market stall in the Reading Terminal Market is called Fox and Son.  This is one of the most attractive stalls in the entire market with its striped canopy awning as if it were at a carnival.  Well the food will take you to that carnival.  You see there are corn cogs, funnel cakes, fried cheese curds - you get the picture.  Even trendy poutine is here.  I'm not a huge fan of corn dogs but since they are the specialty here, I tried one again.  I also ordered chimichurri sauce to go with it.  The corn dog was okay - I guess I need to have a spicier hot dog inside to balance out the corn bread but the chimmichurri sauce to put on it was excellent.  Still keep in mind you're def paying more than what you would at a carnival for the corn dog and sauce but I'm sure rents at the Reading Terminal Market aren't cheap.  And I should add here that the staff working here were super friendly and eager to please.To say I love corn dogs is probably an understatement. They're one of my fav foods ever so when I learned there was a fancy corn dog place 3 hours away, I knew I HAD to try it. 
I ordered the jalapeno cheddar corn dog, 2 classic ones, & a side of fries. The batter of the corn dogs was too dense & dry. No fluffiness or slight crispiness. Not enough sweetness...just bland. I thought smothered in cheese & jalapenos might make them better but really the cheese sauce was mediocre at best, salty, & in my opinion, didn't compliment the corn dog well. 
Overall, I was not impressed by the corn dogs at all. Honestly, I prefer the frozen ones at the grocery store to these. On the flip side, the fries were pretty good & service was great. Workers are very friendly. I recommend you try the classic 1st before diving head 1st into the fancy ones. Maybe next time I'll just skip the corn dogs & try the other sides they have.Fox & Son corndogs is a must-try for anyone reminiscent of their childhood summers spent at carnivals and fairs. They have all sorts of corndogs, fries, and funnel cake -- all that was really missing was a Ferris wheel (but I don't think the market would allow that). Can't wait to go back during my next trip to Philly.Great addition to the market! Corn dogs, cheese curds, poutine and more. They've got the fryers working overtime and everything that came out was delicious.Fox & Som was one of the last stops on eating our way around Reading Terminal. My partner had seen that they had poutine and he was very excited about it, so we got that and a vanilla funnel cake. This location has a bunch of carnival/festival food. 
The poutine tasted like it has a lot of vinegar? Or maybe soy sauce? I also couldn't tell what kind of cheese was in there. It was just ok and I wouldn't go out of my way to go for their poutine again. 
My funnel cake, on the other hand, was really good. As opposed to the hollow and overly sweet funnel cakes you may be used to this one was almost more light cake like and had a great flavor. They sprinkled it with powdered sugar and it wasn't overly greasy. We found out after they have something like a berry compote they can put on it and that would have been absolutely amazing on it. I would definitely go back for funnel cake and maybe try something else, but not the poutine.Delicious and gluten free. A rare combination. If you are in the market check it out.I was SO excited to try this place-- gluten free junk food is my kryptonite. Unfortunately my cheese curds were undercooked-- the cheese hadn't reached that squeaky, liquified state, and the exterior was pale, soft, and tasted like raw flour. Still debating giving them a second shot, based on other reviews. Maybe the funnel cake is better?Gluten free corn dogs?!? Gluten free fried cheese curds?!? Ah man, this was heaven for me. I didn't get a chance to try the funnel cake, which I had hoped to, but after eating my delicious corn dog and fried cheese curds, I was stuffed. The cheese curds were like crunchy oooey gooey bites of bliss. If you eat one thing here, get the cheese curds. You will thank me. I would fly to Philly just to eat those again, no joke. The corn dog was delicious as well. As this place is within the Reading Terminal, I got a bit lost trying to find it, but after wandering around drooling over all of the many places to eat, I finally found it.We stopped here because gluten free is important to our family. Our boys tried the corn dogs and took no prisoners while my husband & I split the cheese curds & funnel cake. Everything was delicious! It was so nice to have an entire menu to choose from. If we are ever back in PA we will try more. The ladies behind the counter were very helpful & kind!Ahhh! We were so excited to eat these corn dogs, and they did not disappoint. Freshly dipped and fried right in front of you. 
The sweet potato/chorizo wasn't as sweet as I thought it'd be, but it was perfect. My husband has the classic corny, it was delightful, too.
French fries were awesome, lemonade was refreshing and the service was nice.Gotta say that the owners treat you right here.  They know all about customer service and I hope that their business does extremely well here at the RTM.
Corndogs are not an everyday food unfortunately.  But when you want a food that will bring back memories of fairs and circuses this has to be the go to item.  Fox and Son has the absolute best tasting, freshest foods imaginable.
Besides a wonderful corndog, I tried the fried cheese curds.  OMG.  Light puffs of cheese lightly fried that almost taste like funnel cake to me.  Add in the dip and it will be gone in seconds.  They have to be some of the best things in the RTM.
Add in some fresh lemonade and you have your trip to the fair all complete!
I'll absolutely be back - but not everyday!Everything was gluten-free and you couldn't tell the difference.  My wife had food that she hasn't had in a long time like funnel cake, corn dogs and fried cheese curd.  It was incredibly delicious and a complete feast.Stumbled upon this place in Reading Station. Pumped they had vegan poutine and a vegan corn dog, both of which were very good! The fries were yummy, the gravy was tangy, and they used vegan american slices that made this the ultimate comfort food. A bit on the salty side, and I'd prefer the cheese to be meltier, but still definitely worth it!This place looked new in Reading Terminal Market. I'm a vegetarian so I always appreciate a vegan option when there are hot dogs involved. I got the vegan corndog, but I got the cheese & jalapeno topping so it wasn't completely vegan. The corn dog was a good size. The cheese was a little runny, but they put a hefty amount of fresh jalapeno chunks which I appreciated. The waiting time was a little long, but I would get it again.Found another great place where I could eat. Being both gluten-free and dairy-free but not vegetarian is not always easy. Fox & Son's lets everyone choose where meat and dairy mix and match. Everything is gluten-free and my turkey dog and dairy free batter was amazing. Also they have dairy free cheese for the Parmesan and garlic fries.Located in Reading terminal market. V good good here. Their "thing" are fancy corndogs. They created a sweet potato dog that is really good. It comes with bacon bits and a sauce on it. You have to get the fried cheese curds. Just do it. So delicious! If I came back i would DEFINITELY get the fried cheese curds.We had a triple fry lunch--corn dog, cheese curds, and poutine. Delicious!!  There are many options so we'll have to return and try more.This place has all of my favorite things! The chili was outstanding and not to be missed! Probably my favorite chili in Philly. The corn dogs were excellent. I had the classic and sweet potato options, both were delicious.I ordered the sweet potato and chorizo corn dog. The flavors drizzled on the corn dog were great but the actual corn dog was falling apart as I was eating it. The dough wasn't sticking on to the meat at all, it was kinda sloppy. The lemonade was also very very sweet. I think they need to get the foundations down, make sure the actual corn dog is perfectly cooked and the dough sticks on!We found Fox and Son while searching for Celiac friendly restaurants. Our 4yr old is diagnosed Celiac since 2 and the smallest amount of gluten makes him sick. Our experience at Fox and Son was great, everything they serve is gluten free and you would never know, it's all delicious. We had corn dogs (they even have vegan corndogs),  fried cheese curds, cheese fries, and funnel cake. All of it super tasty. He had never had corndogs, funnel cake, or fried cheese curds. After eating he said the food was even better than the train ride down!! High praise from ANY 4yr old! Thank you Fox and Son, we'll be back soon!I passed by this stall with a few friends and we shared the funnel cake, chili cheese fries, and the cheese curds. 
I was feeling pretty nostalgic for funnel cake, as I had just been to a flea market but unfortunately didn't pass by a funnel cake stand... Luckily Fox & Son was there to fill the void! I was super pleased with the warm, fluffy inside and the thick strings of dough. It was exactly what I was craving. (-:
The chili fries were great, not soggy with a good chili to cheese to fries ratio!
Finally, the cheese curds... Just do yourself a favor and try them. May have been my favorite from everything we ordered. Crunchy outside and weirdly perfect cheesy yet firm inside? Git that ranch sawce. The funnel cake drew me in, but when I go back, I'm going for the curds.I was told this place did not mean to be completely gluten free but that the recipes with rice flour worked best. I'm glad they did. Gluten free jackpot. Girlfriend had funnel cake for the first time in years. I scarfed down the cheeseburger fries and helped her with a classic corn dog. The ranch dressing and special sauce are on point. This place is new and I hope they get the love to stick around.Best corndogs I have ever encountered. The store in Reading Terminal Market is adorable, and they have so many other yummy treats. Definitely recommend stopping here when shopping around the market! Ambiance: adorable and nostalgic, Instagramability: the gorgeous corndogs deserve a space on your page, Yummyness: out of this world!Poutine breakfast is best breakfast. I got the St.Lucifer habanero poutine and a corn dog. It was fantastic, maybe my favorite stall at Reading Terminal.So I started with the cheeseburger fries! Absolutely delicious!!! Id get the burger sauce (think thousand island style) on the side next time. I liked the taste, they just used a lot for my taste. But it all tasted great! I figured I'd be stuffed after eating that, it was big enough for 2, so I told them I'd be back after jury duty for the funnel cake. 
OH-EM-GEE!!! That funnel cake! So, I'm gluten free and havent had a funnel cake since in about 10 years. I was so excited to see I could finally get one so I definitely went back. And the staff had remembered what I said when I was there earlier and greeted me with a smile and "Funnel cake?" lol Well, let me tell you. This tasted every bit as amazing as I remember them! This was last week and I've been wanting another since. I had a bit leftover and heated it up the next day in the microwave for a few seconds, it was still perfect! I cant wait to go back. 
And the best part, the whole place is naturally gluten free, not just the funnel cakes!!! Yay!!!Before coming to Philly for the first time ever in my whole life, I made about 14 notes to make sure this Fox visit happened. Fried cheese curds, poutine, funnel cake, vegetarian fancy corn dogs?! It's my deep fried soulmate food heaven establishment. The absolute MUST is the cheese curds. It's a pillowy fluffy mild in taste, delicate crunch, chewy gooey cheesy bite. I won't share this ever again. Mine!It pains me to review this establishment so low but the Vegan/Gluten Free Corndog here is absolutely terrible. The batter tastes raw and gooey and it seems to have literally no cornmeal in it. I have made corndogs at home before and I was severely disappointed at the quality and price point of these corndogs. The homemade soda was delicious and I drank two cups of it. I actually returned the corndog the first time because I thought it was undercooked just to realize that the batter is absolutely disgusting and will not be returning until I hear that they have changed their recipe. 
Here's a recipe that is great and works and tastes EXACTLY like a corndog from the fair that I would totally pay 10 dollars for: 
Corn Dogs
1 cup flour
2/3 cup corn meal
1/4 cup sugar
1 1/2 tsp baking powder
1/2 tsp baking soda
1/2 brick silken tofu
1 1/4 cup almond milk or soy
1 tsp salt
1 tbsp agave
vegan hot dogs or sausages
1. In mixing bowl, add flour, corn meal, sugar, baking powder, baking soda and sea salt. Whisk together. 
2. Add tofu, almond milk and agave nectar. Mix everything together to form a smooth batter. 
3. Set in refrigerator for about 10 min
4. Heat a pot of canola oil to 350 degrees. 
5. Place skewers lengthwise in vegan hotdogs. 
6. Pour batter in a tall glass. Dust vegan hotdogs in corn starch. Dip in batter so that they are coated well and submerge in hot oil. 
7. Pull them out once then brown up and set on paper towel.THE CHEESE CURDS. Don't skip them. The corn dog was just alright but giving 5 stars for the cheese curds alone. Cheese is life, and this completes life. I've had cheese curds in Wisconsin, the capital of cheese, and these were just simply better. Light and fluffy breading and just yum. GO GET YOU SOME CHEESE CURDS.Stopped here on our way out of town to get some fancy corn dogs to go. The woman working at the both was incredibly nice. Offered us a silly game of tic tac toe while we waited... which we actually ended up playing and it was pretty fun. I got the sweet potato corn dog and a regular corn dog. I also thought I'd try the fried cheese curds since I've never had that before. They were pretty good. Kind of tasted like a funnel cake met cheese. 
The corn dogs were both incredibly tasty and very well made. Would strongly recommend for a quick bite.Guys. Hop on the next train and get your butts over here. I recently got diagnosed with a severe gluten and dairy allergy. Ever since my greasy cravings are more often than not leaving me depressed and stuck with my Glutino's crackers and peanut butter(which don't get me wrong I love). But this place right here does it for me. The woman at the front could not of been nicer! If I'm being honest, I think I shed a tear or five when she said everything is gluten free AND they can make the batter vegan. They were fried to perfection and brought back memories as a kid. All I needed was the traditional dog and batter and I was sated. Soooo bomb, just sooo bomb.I have never had The corn dogs, but, I will. This review is for the fried cheese curds- specifically, the ranch dusted fried cheese curds. One word? Incredible. Last meal worthy. Delicious. A pleasure hound's fantasy. Try them- you'll be happy you did!Excited to find all GF stand at the Reading Terminal Market. Had the poutine recently. Beware-----it is enough for 3 people!