Went for the first time yesterday for the psu/temple game. Got there around one and it was crowded but not too crazy. We got lucky and got a table as someone got up. Our waitress was very nice. Good selection of beers and drinks, great food menu. I ordered the French dip sandwich with sweet potato fries. The rest of my party got wings which looked amazing !! Unfortunately my sandwich took awhile but the manager comped one of my drinks for me. The sandwich was very good however the roll was a bit dry and blahhhhhhhh. Could've been better. The only drink special was 5 for $30 buckets which wasn't even a good deal but we had a great time and will def be backGreat bar to drink and watch football. Plenty of tvs to watch the game. Great atmosphere. Staff was friendly and quick getting food and drinks. Crowded but service was awesome. Loved it a lot.120316
First time here. Usually while visiting in KOP we go to the Tilted Kilt. Today we tried the FOX & Hound. Nice clean quiet environment. We were seated promptly. Not crowded at all. 
Our server Danielle was quick to greet us and was friendly. Service was very efficient and through. She promptly took our drink order. And after she brought our drinks back, she kept checking with us till we were ready to order food.
I ordered the Double Sided Burger with the loaded Tater-Tots (get them loaded) and my wife had the Philadelphia Cheesesteak with Parmesan Fries. During the order wait, Danielle kept checking in on us. 
We got our food in a timely manner. And I'll tell you what, look up cause Jesus is ah comin'. That Double Sided Burger was probably one of the best burgers I've had in my life. And my wife really enjoyed her cheesesteak. Now the ONLY downside we had was the booth we were sitting in. I think every spring was sprung in it. Very broken in. Other than that, FANTASTIC!
Thanks Danielle. And to the Chef who cooked our sandwiches. Minstrels will be singing your praise. Thank you.Came with a larger group to celebrate an event. Our waitress was attentive, but the food was pretty awful. Pretty pricey and no dinner specials on the weekend if fine, but the chicken tenders came out small and burnt up with no flavor, and extra salt couldn't fix it. Other people said the burgers were bad as well, with crumbly buns and lack of flavor too. Fries were alright, but overall, this place isn't for food. Drinks were sweetened up a lot, but I had a few that were okay. In general, maybe not the best idea to eat, and even drinking gets expensive really quick. Won't be back for food.It is a good place to watch sports. It is not a place to go to have  a fancy dinner. Just watched the Flyers game and it was full in the big screen area and crowded in the big space area. Service was surprisingly excellent (maybe got lucky with the server). The food was good 4*. They have burgers, fried stuff and pizza. Maybe salad.I have always had a great time at Fox and Hound.  During both this year and last year's Phillies post season, i have enjoyed watching games here.  2.75 pints of everything they have on tap ( my fave, Stella) before 7 is a good deal.  The location in Center City is great, the staff is competent and overall it is a fun place to gather with your fellow sports fans.I rarely go to Fox and Hound because I prefer locally owned bars with good beer selections, but for a chain, F&H isn't bad. They have a decent beer selection (for a chain) and on Tuesdays, all beers are/used to be $2 each. I've only eaten here a few times because the food is very average chain food - way too salty for my taste. If you're looking for a place to watch a sporting event, if it's on TV, it's probably on at F&H. Decent place to watch UFC. Bottom line: I'd probably only go to F&H to watch a sporting event, not to chill out with friends over some good beers and bar snacks.Big spacious sports bar, and for some reason I've never seen it get too packed. There are many TV screens here but none too big, particularly if you're sitting far from the bar. Still, its a good place to watch a game especially if you don't like being cramped with sweaty, rowdy sports fans.
And Monday Wings Nights are the bomb! $3.50 for 10 wings!! But it seems like the wings have gotten smaller, but nonetheless still a great deal.
Happy Hours (5-7 pm) are limited to beers only...boo.....Went back for Monday night football and sat at the bar. Service was much better and management took care of this issue. I would give it 3 1/2 stars because of the 50 cent wing special on Monday nights.Fox & Hound has a few big pros going for it. Are you an out-of-town sports fan? This is one of the few big sports bars in Philly. There are lots of TVs and NFL Sunday Ticket. Are you a Steelers fan? Then you are in the right place (though you have sacrificed some not insubstantial part of your soul to be a fan of that godforsaken travesty, but whatever, that's a different review). If you're an Eagles fan, you're better off going some other place where you can see the game without tons of obnoxious yellow & black jerseys and sad Bill Cowhler mustaches creeping you out.
The food is passable but I suspect it's shipped over from the Applebee's kitchen up the street. The burger I had pales in comparison to the many, many better varieties just blocks away (Good Dog, Misconduct, etc.) The spinach dip was covered in a thin layer of grease. Yuck.
On the plus side, they have a pretty good beer selection, and pint night is great.this place sucks all around, the only reason I gave it 2 stars is for $2 pint night, the only reason I will ever go again. Ive known workers at the place and they complain about it too. Would avoid it's douchey atmosphere at all costEh... I was not a fan of this place. It is large and there are a number of TV screens but the food was mediocre and they didn't have ANY vegetarian options. Really?!? I ended up ordering a Cobb Salad and holding the meat. It definitely was not anything to rave about. My husband got a hamburger and was only satisfied that his hunger was met. The prices were high and the drinks were WEAK. I don't see why locals would chooses to come here because I really wish we passed on this place.Slowest service ever. Popped in after the Santa Run, where the place was crowded but still had a table for ten. Friendly but slow service. 
Minus the slow service drinks finally came but one person with a Mojito had a friendly gnat in the drink. They quickly replaced the drink.  Almost an hour here and our food orders arrive. 
The food was your typical bar food; I would like the food choices to stay the same but the quality to increase and match a gastropub.  
More than likely return to watch games not showed on local cable.I have never sent a drink back, and still not to this day because they wouldn't even let me! I ordered a margarita, which was on special for $5.  There was barely any alcohol and it was all sour mix.  I asked the waiter to add more, bartender said no that's how she made them, and proceeded to give me a dirty look when I said no I didn't want another drink.  I am by NO means someone who drinks strong drinks, but I refuse to drink straight up sour mix.  I pushed the drink to the side, where it sat untouched because  they wouldn't take it back.  Where did ît end up? On my bill, full glass remaining on the table.  Thanks Fox and Hound for the sour mix posing as a margarita.Wont go back...ordered the wings and the chicken was raw...thank God I did not get sick!!! They did take it off the bill, but it was still a bad taste in my mouth.  I dont do chains and this reminds me why I dont go...
Okay decor and looked like a feloncious crowd...Fox and hound is a chain but they have really decent food! Used to frequent this place more when I lived around the corner but I recently came here during MNF. We got here early because we wanted to get a seat with a good view of the TVs but you could be anywhere at fox and hound and have a good view. Flat screen TVs everywhere. Bartenders were friendly. My hot honey wings were as good as I remember. A good mix of spicy and sweet. Loved the parm fries. My friend got the garlic parm wings that smelled so amazing I wished I had gotten those instead. His opinion was that they were crunchy. We didn't get waiter service so I can't comment on that but we got there an hour before MNF settled in, got our food and drinks no problem. Ambience was fun. Will be back for another game.As other posters have noted, what kind of sports bar in this day and age doesn't have flat-screen HD TV's??  How is this possible?  This place is in need of a serious overhaul.  Sadly, there aren't many other sports options around (I've recently started to go to Cavanaugh's on Sansom -- much nicer place to watch a game).
The food is also mediocre at best.  It's like a terrible version of Applebee's, and Applebee's is pretty bad.
The only thing saving this place from getting a one-star review is their large selection of draft beers, which can all be purchased for $2 on Tuesdays.  When you serve 6 Rogue Dead Guy drafts for $12, you earn a star.food is sub par, service is hit or miss, but beer is cheap and tvs are great. Avoid during paper view fightsAwful service. Dry chicken wings. Inattentive bartender. Come here for a game, not for the food or atmosphere.3.5
Tuesdays 2 dollar draft selection was fantastic. Great beers for a great deal. It got really crowded.
Inconsistency in service and quality of food kept this sports bar hangout from a full 4. Boneless wings tasted alright but didn't look appealing. One waitress was a saint and the other not.Went for $2 Tuesday and while I was thrilled with the draft selection and price, the place is kinda lame. Granted it gets packed, but the service was so bad, and if you decide to sit at a table, you have to be waited on, when it would be much faster, and economically wiser to simply order at the bar. The music is just eh, which is telling of Fox and Hound in general... just eh.Too cold. 50 degrees inside.  Food less than desirable. Prices not great, but possibly average for the neighborhood.  I know they are working through some new hiring- good. Service could be improved along with numerous other aspects. Overall, it's a large sports bar- with ample TVs and beer selections.  
I suppose to its credit, to attempt much more is futile. It attracts the type of crowd that it attracts. 
A good choice for your beers, wings, football. Bring a sweater. Order two beers for you and your "imaginary friend" and sit and enjoy. Not a bad spot; However, just not living up to its potential due to poor execution and lack of attention to detail. Salsa sucks.  It's not even as good as canned Tostitos- i can make 100x better in five minutes. 
I predict with better staff, slightly better targeted advertisement and better management, this place could end up being extremely successful. If it's going to stay just an NFL bar, it will only have its seasonal success. 
UPDATE:
Gave second chance
Ordered the chili
It came out cold, as in refrigerator- level cold.
Second time after a reheat it came out it was ok but still, who serves cold chili??  Every experience I am having at this restaurant and others in the vicinity must be due to complete idiots in the kitchen. 
There's no excuse for this- and especially at FULL PRICE downtown $30 for a meal for it to be cold? You're joking. Be real now -come on, how are all of these places getting away with this?  I just simply won't pay any more. No way.  I got ripped off so bad so many places blatantly serving wrong items or cold when it should be hot-  just don't sign. Have a manager call me.On the one hand, Fox & Hound is sort of generic.  On the other hand, they have decently good food (especially bar food.  LOVE the potato skins.)  They also have Sam Adams Cherry Wheat beer on tap which is my favorite girlie beer and which not a lot of places serve.  They have lots of seating, so it is a good place to come on an otherwise busy night if you are looking for a place where you can probably sit down and hear your friends talk.  On nights where there isn't a big game taking up everyone's attention, they actually play pretty cool 90s music.This place sucks. The service is rude and minimal, and the food in incredibly greasy. Ive been there probably 4 or 5 times. Usually on tuesday nights for the special but once to watch a UFC event. The place was so packed that it was impossible to enjoy myself while watching so I never went back to watch a PPV
Most recently I vowed to never go again ever.. I ordered chicken fingers and fries which were incredibly salty and greasy. I washed it down with a few beers but my mouth felt like it was coated in a film of grease for the rest of the night until I brushed my teeth. 
The meals came with no water, and I wanted water instead of buying another beer but the waitress was no where to be seen. So, I walked up to the bar (it was nearly empty) and politely asked for a cup of water. My question was met with an eye roll and I was told to go back to my table and ask the waitress. This pissed me off to no end and was the last straw. That is unnacceptable to me and they've lost me as a customer.
Another thing that is annoying is they hire a bathroom attendent on some nights. This is not at all a classy joint, and a bathroom attendent is out of place. On top of a cover, then having to shell out even more money for someone to hand me a towel after I'm done taking a piss is just too much, and not worth it.We stopped here last night before our show at the Merriam. Upon arrival we asked if they were on a wait. Other restaurants were. The girl replied, it's seat yourself. Luckily we found a booth.
First this first is the service. It stinks! We explained we had a show and needed to be in and out. The food took an extremely long time to arrive. Our friends fish sandwich came out 5 minutes after ours. I ordered a buffalo grilled chicken sandwich. It came out as fried chicken. Big difference but no time to send it back. The tots were good! The buffalo chicken rolls were just weird. They had pepperoni in them and we also didn't expect them to be fried. 
Not a great experience eating here. If you're not drinking the service lacks and you're neglected. We will not be back. 2 stars just for the tater tots.I used to love this bar. It's great for watching sporting events, and a ton of fans always show up for games. However they need to anticipate better for big crowds, and they need to hire better waiters. 
I went for the NFL playoffs and the service was terrible. My friend and i ordered boneless wings, nachos, and beers. The cheese on the nachos wasn't melted. We saw our waiter once after ordering, when we got the bill. The one waitress took my empty beer mug without even bothering to ask if I wanted another. The worst part was we were given plastic utensils with no small plates, after we had to ask for utensils! On top of that, many of the waiters were just standing around doing nothing. 
As a customer, I understand that it's a busy time, but that lack of service is unacceptable. With so many bars in the area, you should not encourage customers to take their business elsewhere by treating them poorly. You should not pressure customers to leave just because they have a smaller party. It was rather uncomfortable. I will not be going back anytime soon. There are many other bars in Philadelphia that treat their customers better.Went here on a Saturday in support of someone who was attending a casting call being held at Fox n hound.  Bellied up to the bar for some dynamite drinks which were unbelievably inexpensive..ordereda few small plates and was satisfied with my meal. What set this place apart from others were the bartenders - so kind and sweet! very charismatic and attentive.  there were 3 of them (names escape me) Staff absolutely makes a difference. Keep up the good work!This is one of my favorite places to go for dinner in Center City, and I'm not a sports fan in the slightest.  Yes, you must avoid coming here when there is a big game on, because at those times the noise is unbearable.  But at any other time, it's wonderful.  They make the juiciest and tastiest grilled chicken I've ever devoured, and the guacamole is (almost) always amazing.This place seems to be a standard-issue sports bar, complete with giant blaring TVs, an extensive menu of fried things, a weaksauce beer list and tons of dudebros and their female counterparts. It's loud, it's bland, but on the plus side, it was a great place to go with my cousin who only eats chicken fingers.This is probably the best place in Center City to watch a sports event or UFC cuz of the t.v.s and that they turn the volume up, but you better get there early if you want to get a seat. You also better be ready to fight for a seat and fight to keep it. Literally. Awful. And, if you take a break between drinks you will be told to 'order or leave' lol. Ridiculous. Also, got sick on the chili.Very odd table rules. 
Party of 6- ordered two buckets of beer right away and it took quite a bit to get them. Was annoyed that we "couldn't" get them from the bar.
We ordered food bc we "had to", however it was 1.5 hrs of waiting until we got our ONE appetizer. It was incredibly frustrating and we about to up and leave. We will not return based solely on ticket times and service.Bottom line this place is always going to be packed, especially for big games and fights. If you can't deal with service being slow then head for a smaller joint. I personally enjoyed the food and drink here, they do have a great beer selection and I think it's cool how they have a few big games going on in different sections of the tavern.My boyfriend and I only live 3 blocks away, so we loved coming here to watch all the games/sporting events. On their burger night ($4 cheeseburgers) we ordered 2. Knowing sides weren't included in the $4, we didn't order any but our burgers still came out with fries. When we got our bill they had charged us $2.50 for each side. We only ordered the cheeseburgers and our waitress didn't even ask if we wanted any sides or explained that there would be a charge. After she "fixed" our bill and rudely threw it back at us, we saw they took off the $5, but raised the price on the burgers. I don't appreciate trying to be tricked by taking money off and putting it somewhere else. SOME SPECIAL AND SOME SERVICE.We stopped here before going to the Kimmel Center to see Iggy Pop/Josh Homme last week.  It was your typical loud sports bar, with many many tv's and a random Paint Nite.  
How anyone could hear is beyond me but paint away, people!
We got a round of drinks, and were served quickly by Liz.  We didn't sit at the bar but stood as we weren't staying long.  
There were several high tops and other tables open but we just wanted a quick drink.
I would imagine this is a lively place to watch sports and grab a drink after work.
Service was friendly and speedy.Wow. I don't know why the reviews are so low. I really enjoyed this place. You walk in and they ask which game you are interested in seeing so they can seat you closest to where they have it on the tv. The food was pretty good to me. Lots of food and drink selections. 
On Football Sunday apparently they have $5.00 tall Bud Lights, so that's what I was drinking. Then I had one LARGE margarita with a Coronoa in it (called a Coronorita). My sister had a LARGE Hail Mary (Bloody Mary with a Corona in it). 
I was never left without a drink. Anytime I was done, a server was there right away to get me another and ask how I was doing. So I thought the service was stellar.
I was looking for a place to watch the UFC fight yesterday, and found out today it looked like they had it here. Wish I had known. However, I saw a sign they had to the side that looked like they charged a $10.00 cover. So I probably wouldn't have liked that. 
But as far as my official experience, I enjoyed it. It's a sports bar. You drink, eat, watch sports. Shouldn't be much more to that. Great experience for me.Waitress was very down to earth and funny. Made us feel comfortable. Had the buffalo chicken pub rolls which were delicious. Long Islands were good too. Chill laid back spot to go with friends and to watch sports. Not a "turn up" spot. Will returnI've been to Fox&Hound a few times. The first couple times, it was very crowded though they are a large venue. Both were NFL game days, so I figured those were not ideal times to base a review off. In both those instances, service was a bit slow (both ordering from a server and directly from the bar), but on game days with a packed house, that's alright.
However, my most recent visit, they were not crowded by any means. The service was still slow. It was probably slower than when they were packed. All we ordered were a couple drinks. How can it possibly take so long to pour a couple lagers? While the server was friendly and apologized for the long wait, she did spend a lot of time chatting with her friends - but maybe it was the bar that was the rate limiting factor and not her. She also got one of our drinks wrong. One out of two drinks. But we couldn't stand to wait another 25 minutes to get a drink. 
In none of my visits have I ordered food, mostly because everything is so bad that we want to leave before we get to the food. Though their Tuesday pint deals seem pretty appealing, I'm not sure I can handle the wait.I don't love sports bars in general, but when a close friend invites a group out to watch the fight for their bday, you put your friend cap on and get your tail to the sports bar. We arrived early and were able to secure a large table before the place turned into a madhouse. Our group ordered lots of food and lots of very large drinks.  Nothing was spectacular, but everything hit the spot. And well isn't that what you deserve when you pay a cover to watch 2 grown men punch each other until they bleed. 
The crazy part was this bar turned into a ghost town the minute the fight ended, so I can't imagine what it's like on an average sporting event night.I ended up at the Fox and the Hound to watch our beloved Phillies play on Monday night as not much else in the city seemed to be open, and the ones that were didn't have Comcast!  Boo!
My experience here was very pleasant.  We had a great waitress who was quick and checked back often to see if we needed anything.  The boyfriend got some sort of Jamaican chicken concoction with pineapple dressing that he loved!  The rice that came along with it was a little bland but hey, it's rice what do you expect?  I got wings ($0.40 each!) and they were great, too.  I do have to agree that for a sports bar, they need a serious upgrade on the TVs.  The sound system is great though, and they even have it playing on loudspeakers in the restrooms so heaven forbid you miss a second of the game...
A little fixing up here and there would do them good, but overall we had a nice experience with a good crowd.Bar-hopping around Philly on Saturday night with my friend and her family who were visiting. We stopped in because we were getting a case of drunchies, so we thought we'd continue our drinking here while also getting a bite to eat. The chips and dip game at Fox and Hound is off the hook (or chain, if you prefer!). The nachos, spinach artichoke dip, and guac&salsa were amazeballs. The wings though? Seriously disappointing. We split the 20 into half buffalo and half honey BBQ. The buffalo wings were pretty dry, which just made me not really want to try the honey BBQ ones. What BAR doesn't have halfway decent wings? I mean we're inebriated patrons, how hard is it to please us? Really, kind of unacceptable. Drinks are pretty standard. $6-7 for mixed drinks and they have a nice beer list. The setting is pretty big as well, really spacious.Oh dear... Just stopped in for a quick beer and appetizer after work. I'm literally the only person sitting at a table. Server takes drink order and disappeared for 15 minutes! Seriously? 
I asked the hostess to find her and when the hostess came back to my table she said "sorry she got distracted!" Oh! Good! At least she had a good excuse...
I WAS THE ONLY PERSON IN THE DININGthis place is awesome.  i taught the bartenders a thing or two about tokyo teas.  i suggest all you drinkers go there and test them out.  great place for a fight night.Hit this place up if you're wandering around CC looking for a sports bar. The atmosphere won't blow your hair back, but the wings are top-notch, and I'm always skeptical of food in these corporate-style restaurants. Their beer list is a shade below impressive, and I'm not really sure what shade that is, suffice to say that it's decent, unless you're a shameless beer snob, which you shouldn't be.Only good thing about this place are Sunday afternoons for football and the Tuesday night special. Service is poor, food is overpriced and overrated. Chain restaurants in cities usually suck and this place is no exception. Avoid.5 stars: the $2 pint of craft beers on tap on TUESDAYS only is a fantastic deal, the bar gets very crowded since everyone pretty much goes on Tuesdays
4 stars: the service
2 stars: the food- overpriced and nothing outstanding
overall: 4 starsWent midday on a Friday in the summer-- not crowded -- olympics were on -- attentive hostess and waitress -- yummy original drinks --- reasonable pricesNice spot.  Spent the better part of the day here drinking and watching baseball.  Service was excellent - very attentive, friendly - food was good with a solid selection, as well.
What makes this bar 5-star: first - a full listing when you get in of what games will be on which of their 20-some-odd TVs.  Nice - sets your strategy fro the whole day if this is what you are planning.
Second:  in the bar area, there are high tables w/ checker boards imbedded in them. Nice - a little checkers and beer - now we are talking.  The full fifth-star comes in when you get bored w/ checkers.  We were screwing around w/ the checkers for like 2 hours - rolling them across the bar, shooting them at eachother...the only reaction we got from the staff was laughter.  We then looked at the other checker area, and the guys over thee had covered their whole table with in order to make the checkers slide better...excellent.This place has many problems. 
1. Many obstructed view seating areas where you can't see the TV's
2. The largest TV's over the bar are out dated and have a faded picture
3. Wings were terrible over cooked grizzled crap 
4. Chicken sandwich tasted like a rubber prop chicken, i'm guessing microwavedI feel like fox and hound gets a bad rap. it's a large venue that is an easy go-to for any major ppv/ufc events. Not sure exactly what it's like all the time, but would seem to be a nice place for a company party.They hire idiots. The idiot bartender accused me of having a fake ID. I told him to ask the manager, the manager said it was fine. The IDIOT then decides to ask another bartender instead. At this point I walk up to the dumbass to snatch my ID back call him out for being an idiot and walk out.i'd like it better if it were a "cowboys" bar. if it were, i'd still probably steer clear of it. 
it is what it is. a brown paneled sports bar with multiple jumbo tv's and beer specials with a man's menu....and lot's of men. good for them though. keeps some of the loud drunken sports douches out of the local bars.Went here to watch the Eagles game tonight. Good place for beer and lots of big screens. The food? TGI Fridays type. We had chicken wings (pretty good) and buffalo chicken pizza (ouch).
Pretty bland place but lots of room for those that just want to watch the game and drink.Come here when:
You're a large group and don't feel like squeezing into the nooks of the tight-spaced bars in the area.
It's Tuesday and you would like to enjoy all 20 of their draft beers for just $2 each (this includes: Troegs, Bells, Victory et al - a serious, serious win).
DON'T come here when:
Well, under any other circumstances, really. Food is crappy, service is mediocre and the clientele is predominantly the "manly-man" philly sports fanatic.- Good place to watch a game, that would be the only reason for me to go.
- $2 beers on Tuesdays (good if the Phillies or Flyers are on).
- I wouldn't eat here by choice, maybe just appetizers while watching the game.
- Beer is expensive at nights on the weekends (a Bucket of Bud Light is $21.60, rather an obscure number). Then again, this is probably on par with city prices.Pint night is the only reason I ever have/ever will come here.  And unfortunately, my last pint night experience wasn't that great.
Maybe because it was the last week of college before everyone went down the shore for the summer or because I hadn't been there on a Tuesday in about six months, the place was unusually packed from what I remember.  Filled with Temple bros and hoes, everyone was particularly loud and annoying because they had to scream over the awful club music.  We're surrounded by huge TV's with tons of good games on and I have to listen to Usher for the hundredth time?
Anyway, we were able to wrangle a table for our large group and the server (God bless him) was so frazzled by how busy it was and kept apologizing for how long the drinks were taking.  At first, it was understandable and we remained patient.  But around 12:30 when we ordered our drinks and still didn't receive them 45 minutes later, I got fed up and decided to just go up to the bar.  Bad decision.  I've been to bars where you have to make your face/arm/twenty dollar bill apparent to the bartender and usually it works after about five or ten minutes of waiting.  After about 35 minutes, the entire side of the bar I was standing on still hadn't been paid attention to by the neglectful, clearly annoyed bartenders and I just gave up and returned to the table where thankfully, our drinks from the waiter were sitting.
Again, a wide selection of $2 domestics and imports is hard to pass up in these economic times, but seriously? THAT long of a wait?  Hopefully I can go back mid-July when all the Temple students are gone and maybe I can get a beer within two minutes of ordering it.
Also, the chips and salsa were stale and bland.Reasons to hate: Applebees level food, overpriced drafts, removal of the two best beers they served (Franskaner and Optimater).
Reason to love: Huge collection of dudes pretending to love MMA because it's macho.
Nail in the coffen: Playing a terrible top 40 playlist and refusing to turn on game audio, IN A SPORTS BAR.Essentially a large, and decent sports bar. The food is well above expectation (my expectation was not high) and the drinks are decently priced. The bar staff are nice. Pretty much it is the eastcoast version of BJ's Brewhouse.I'm surprised at the negativity of some of these reviews. Hung out here for 5 hours today watching the NCAA tournament and found the service to be attentive despite the crowd. Food was decent for a sports bar as well. For a place to come and watch a game I would recommend Fox and Hound. Prices were about as expected.Great sports bar to watch a game.  Plenty of beers on tap, so you can drink to your heart's content.  I highly recommend their chicken fingers and pulled pork sandwich.I walked by here twice and it just looks like a place you wanna try out so I went in and saw a guacomole burger and decided to add it to my burger tour not only breaking my no chain restaurant rule but also breaking my one burger a week rule because I had already reviewed two so far this week...this place is huge and basically meant to cater to the after work crowd 
Bun--supermarket seeded bun
Meat--surprisingly good
Toppings--the guacamole on this burger was awesome
In the end this is basically a TGIFridays type of burger with a great guacamole topping and 10 steak friesI kinda liked this place. The night I went (a Thursday) was super loud but they were having some kind of NFL draft party so was understandable. The $2 beers were also a great deal. We ordered food but then later in the night our server brought round some complimentary hotdog bites - much appreciated!Great place to enjoy a game with friend with a beer. Nothing else. Service : if you are lucky someone will take care of you after 1 or 2 hoursCome for the drinks when they are on special... don't come for the food.
Come to watch a game or a fight... but be warned, when they are the only one in town with the fight, expect to pay extra (like $20) at the door.Me and my boyfriend were at odds on where to go for a late night dinner and a few drinks. Mad mex, Miller Ale, Landmark? Well we decided to try some place new , which worked out because we were in the area. ooooooo mmmmmmmm ggggggg DISGUSTING !! I initially ordered the hot wings , NASTY! told waitress and she asked what else I would like. I ordered a hamburger , how easy is that right???  and I also ordered a signature drink .   Customer service was good, She wasnt nasty about it. When my food got to me it was also disgusting. The taste was off n it was poorly put together. My drink too was bad and I ended up returning it with one sip drunk. i was done !!!They had the nerve to try to charge for the drink stating no refunds on drinks.That as not happening . ABSOLUTELY NOT ! I requested to talk to manager and cashier walked off to get him.  talked to manager and it was taken off the bill. Never again and never to recommend.Great place to go and eat/ drink but make sure you dress warm because it is absolutely freezing in here!!! I am talking North Pole temperatures everyone of my friends was freezing and had to wear their jackets. When we complained to the manager he said he had know control over it...what??? Even our waitress said she was freezing and they make her wear a short sleeve shirt! Cmon turn the darn heat up its 17 degrees out!!!Awesome burgers and loved the tater tots! Why do more restaurants not have Tatar tots on the menu. 
We wanted to find the baseball game and this is a great place to have dinner, a couple beers and watch the game.If you have a craving for the prefabricated goodness of some far off chain restaurant but don't want the hassle of figuring out which one - just go here.  It's closer than Cherry Hill.
They have a basic amalgamation of the all the  crappy chains greatest hits all the rolled into one. Chicken tenders, ribs, Mexican inspired French dishes, things made out of pasta, things made out of shrimp.  You know the drill.
 You'll like it especially if you love tons of televisions blasting at top volume with  all kinds of sports (you can even watch TV in the ladies room) and fresh pimply faced servers.
Probably a good place to take sticky-fussy eatin' kids though I wouldn't really know. I hate sticky children.
If you hate sports like I hate sports - this is a very bad place.
If you like run-of-the-mill chicken fingers in a basket lined with paper and dipping sauce from a jar, then this is in fact, the place for you.Got a few items off of their lunch menu for the office today. No one was at impressed by the food, it was bland, chewy and left you with a stomach ache. 
I don't think anyone was expecting a gourmet lunch but we could have gone to Burger King and gotten the same quality (or lack there of) for a cheaper price. 
I wouldn't recommend this place for the food but it you want to get beers and watch a game, this could be a decent spot.This is your typical suburban sports bar, however, its location right in Center City is unique. There just aren't many sports bars that big in the city. Lots of HDTVs give you the chance to see pretty much any game you'd like. Food is average and the beer specials are good prices, though normal prices are a bit high.I only come here for pint night, sorry F&H but that's all I've got. The service here is inconsistent, my friends and I come every week and the shining star here is Grace. She can handle a crowd of people and has the beers under control even if I'm with a group of 10 people who are ordering completely different beers on different tabs on top of ordering food- she gets 5 stars easy. Now, some of the other staff (not bar side, table side) have issues with different tabs, forgetting drinks and are either completely on top of you while you're trying to talk or non existent.When this place isn't packed with half of Center City drinking tubs of Urine Light and high-fiving/howling over a game, Fox & Hound is actually a pretty chill place to go. Sure, the volume is permanently set at Old Man, and the television noise echoes because there's really nothing to absorb the sound, but service is super-quick, and you can hang out at the bar without getting bothered by anyone. I realize that sounds very Forever Alone, but sometimes I just want to hang out with a friend or two and drink and not just be in my apartment.
If you're looking for amazing food or amazing beer, Fox & Hound is not the place for you. But Fox & Hound is not there to be amazing. It's just there to be the sure-let's-go-there-why-not choice, and it satisfies.Wow, where to begin? We should've walked right out when it was 5:30pm on a Wednesday and there were less then 25 people in the entire (large) restaurant. There was no hostess at the stand, so we stood waiting for her to return for about 4-5 minutes and then finally sat ourselves. During our time there, we could see multiple staff members standing around chatting with each other, just ignoring us. 
After seating ourselves, we grabbed the menus and began to browse our selections. The menus were sticky and really needed a good washing, if not be completely replaced. 
Our waitress appeared after a bit and took our drink orders. At this point in time we were strongly considering just leaving. The restaurant was empty, and filthy, and yet completely staffed. 
Ordered wine for the adults and soda for the kids. No water was ever offered, and when requested, only 2 were brought for a table of 4. 
The food was (although prepared wrong, and missing standard ingredients) shockingly pretty decent. We really enjoyed what we had for dinner. We always over order and had 3 appetizers, a dinner salad and a platter. Everything was better than we expected based off of our experience up until that point. 
Being a former waitress, I stacked and cleared all of our plates neatly as we finished them. They were never removed from our table until after we left. This was 2 courses of plates with napkins on top. Neatly stacked and ready to be removed. I almost completely bussed them myself. 
After paying the check, we used the restroom and it too was filthy and smelled terribly. The latch on the handicapped door was broken, the changing station ripped off the wall, and the paper towel dispenser was malfunctioning so that another patron and I shrugged as we wiped our hands on our jeans. 
Looking back, it's no shock the place was a ghost town in Center City during happy hour. We should've left when we had to seat ourselves.Incredibly loud TVs and impossible to hear anyone. The chicken wings I got were weirdly mushy (overcooked perhaps?) and drenched in a cloying BBQ sauce. I do wonder how they got the wings that way. Did they perhaps boil or slow cook the wings for like 10 hours? Truly a mystery. I didn't get sick though so it must have been safe.Went here on a Friday night with my 2 friends before we were headed to the Merriam Theater to see a show.  From the moment we sat down, our waitress, Eileen, treated us like we were regulars.  She was so nice and made us laugh.  Food was as expected, good but not wonderful - but we are in a sports bar - what do people expect?!
The real reason that I wrote this review is to praise the staff.  After we finished our show, we went back to tell the girls about it.  Imani and Eileen were wonderful!  
Even though we all live in the 'burbs, I will definitely be coming back to the Fox and Hound when I am back in Philly.  Service was top notch!!!Fox & Hound is a giant, loud sports bar. Period. If you're looking to watch sports at a bar with 200 other people, this is a place you can do that.
There's nothing special about F&H, except for the fact they regularly show UFC events. On those nights there's a reasonable cover, between $10-15, and the place is packed to the gills. It's hard to get around and the bartenders are always busy. If you don't like crowds, don't go. That said, very few places have fight nights and F&H is a decent alternative to forking over $50 for PPV.
However, I don't want to seem too negative. F&H does have some good things going for it. Their draft selection is excellent for a mainstream sports bar. Lots of microbrews as well as the standard domestics. The staff have always been prompt and helpful, even when the place is full. The food is ok, nothing jaw-dropping but nothing that absolutely fails. The sheer number of big screen TV's means that you're never without a sightline for a game.
If it weren't for it being the only place that shows UFC, I probably wouldn't go. F&H is unexceptional as a bar and restaurant. However, they do a decent job of run of the mill. I'll keep going there to watch fights, but I can't say that there's much else to draw me back or push me away.I'm always at this place as I have a couple of friends who are servers there.  They have decent drink specials, Tuesday is Pint Night  - $2 for almost all of their beer selection, which is has wheat beers,IPAs and a wide variety of imports.  The food isn't the best part of this restaurant, and the TV's can be a bit annoying if you're trying to hang out and there's not a game on.  Overall, a decent place. The service is typically pretty good.As a Steelers fan, it's sad that I have to say that this bar is terrible. I love how Steelers fans take over this bar, but everything else about this bar just plain sucks. My friend and I split some chicken wings and onion rings, and they were served to us at room temperature. How can a popular sports bar like Fox and Hound get away with this? Apparently, people don't care since center city doesn't give you many options. 
My second issue with this establishment was the lack of initiative with the staff. Our table was near glass windows, and a cheap bum decided to stop and watch the entire game right next to our table. He didn't seem to care that he was intruding on our group, and it made for an awkward few hours. When I asked the hostess to do something about it, she responded by saying that "we don't have security, so try to ignore him."  Are you serious? You can't simply go ask him to leave or come in and buy something? How does a big center city bar not have security anyways? That's Philly for you. Not coming back!Fox and Hound is good for one thing: cheap, decent beer.  You can get $2 lager bottles and $3 lager pints during Phils games.  They have an okay (yet confusing) draft list.  The service is decent, and there are plenty of TVs for sporting events.
The place fills up quickly for Eagles games and other major sporting events.  But, many of the people who fill it aren't the most polite or encouraging folk in the city.  Lastly, for $5 you can get bottomless chips and salsa.  
The bottom line: If you want a quick, cheap pint come here.  If you want to watch a major sporting event, come early and expect plenty of unsavory characters to join you.OK It's a sports bar.  Stopped in on a Sunday for  a quick bite about 5ish  to kill some time.  It was frigging noisy and busy but we got a table right away.  I am going to get the real good stuff out of the way first.  The Chicken tenders were awesome.  The best I have ever had.  The rest of the food, mainly fried finger food was just OK.
Ordered a Miller Lite and it came in aluminum bottle and was not as cold as I would have liked.  Asked to have next bottle put on ice and waitress did.  The second was cold and great.  Hey it was football day and I'm sure they were selling beer faster than they could cool it.  Waitress was nice accommodating.
Here's the deal. It is a sports bar.  Loud, Yes, friendly, Yes.  Falls short of a  Chickie and Petes.  Lends itself to a college crowd and the real sports fanatic.Come here if you are a block away and can't think of a better bar to go to.
Large TV selection but the set-up sucks and it can be hard to see a game.
Food: Below average quality bar food. You would be better served to get a slice @ Slice or a burrito at Qudoba or Chipolte and just going here to drink.
If you from out of town, this is a decent place to watch a game, but if you are from Philly you need to find a better bar.