This was a very pleasant surprise!  For the short time Frankie Ann's has been open, I feel like this was a good experience.  I had no expectations, really, just wanted to try it out for lunch with a friend.  He had the Margarita Flatbread which he said was really good.  I had the chicken sandwich - super good taste.  I will be going back soon for their Happy Hour!  $4 wine is what I was told today - YAY!I recently had dinner here my service was wonderful my servers name was Ashley she was winderful. The crabcake was the best I ever tasted. The scallops were perfectly cooked. We also had flat bread which was delicious. The place is gorgeous and the atmosphere is amazing can't wait to go back!!Usually when I attempt to receive food at, you know, a restaurant, things work out. Not the case on my first time here. 
Greeting and seating were just fine and even drinks were hitch-free. Then the wheels came off. Our waitress' shift ended (we assume), and so did the hopes of getting our food. We didn't pay much mind to start, but it began to wear on us as no one had a peep as we finished up our round. We asked the bartender if she could check on our food, and the show began. A huddled mass of workers looking over their shoulders towards us in hopes that we wouldn't notice anything askew.
It took a solid five minutes for the information to get back to us that our order had scampered into the ether. Plus side is they comped our drinks (woo). 
All in all, this doesn't seem to be an anomaly. I don't see what makes this spot different from other corner bars, so to make mistakes to this degree is a death knell.This place is exactly what we needed in our neighborhood! Quality of food matches their price points. Its the perfect place to go for good food, a  well rounded beer list and standard quality cocktails. Kids and adults both liked their meals. We'll definitely be back!Was rooting for this place but left very disappointed... Seemed like a good beer menu but the Conshohocken Blood Money IPA arrived with no head and seemed marginally funky...Moved on to a Goose IPA which was undrinkable and had to be returned... Food was ok with Nachos above average, Pork Italiano very good but the special Fish Tacos  getting a big thumbs down (son only could eat 1 of the 3) .. I'll give it another shot when it gets the kinks out...Wanted to try somewhere new so I went here tonight with some friends & had an absolutely amazing experience. The fried pickles, the mozzarella sticks (homemade), the scallops and most especially the crab cake (omg!!) were all delicious - cooked perfectly. The service was just as good as the food. Our waitress Michelle was vey friendly and on top of things. All around great experience. I will definitely be coming back here to try some of the other food - friends loved the margarita flat bread.Went to Frankie Ann's again tonight for the Eagles game. Has not changed much since the last couple of times I was here, a week ago and 2 months ago. The service was decent, not fantastic but not bad. The staff was all very friendly. The owner's niece was there tonight, drunk and mouthing off... Very glad there weren't any kids around. Now for the food; it was all solid. Ya, that is how I would describe it, solid. Nothing was amazing, but nothing was sent back either. The "beer Mac n cheese" was well cooked and nice n cheesy. But it was missing something. The mozarella sticks, wings and fried pickles were all well cooked and obviously made from scratch. But none of them had anything special going on. They all left u thinking that was decent, and I could order that again. But nothing left you thinking "WOW, I want more of that!" They do have specials for game night, and they have plenty of TV's, even one outside. To me this seems to be a place to come to for the game or convenience, not for the food.This restaurant came into where Rembrandt's used to be.  We were not really sure what to expect.  We had a nice comfortable outdoor dinner and the server was fantastic..Extremely attentive. We were carb loading for a race the next day...The shrimp and pasta and scallops and pasta were just what we needed.  The best part was the shrimp already had the tails off (a personal pet peeve of mine)...
We were also curious about watching an Eagles game here on Sunday, so we figured we'd give it a go.  We ran in the Rock & Roll Half Marathon in the morning and came in for the 1:00 game...So we were a little beat...The energy for watching the second game of the season was AWESOME...Great place to watch a game..
The bartenders were fantastic..Game-time specials.
The owner, Jimmy, was walking around the whole  time making sure all was good.
I cannot recommend this place enough...Stopped by last night for drinks and an early dinner.  The beers and ciders on tap could have been a bit colder, but otherwise, we were very impressed.  The Jimmy's Italiano pork sandwich is huge, and the best I've ever tasted.  My husband really enjoyed his mac and cheese with chicken, and our son loved his flatbread (again, huge).  Great place.My husband and I tend to have a difficult time deciding on a place for dinner since he tends to gravitate towards bar food or classic American while I like a little variation and interest.  This place was no disappointment.  We started with a massive Brussel sprout appetizer which was just perfection and had so much to share.  The mahi mahi and tuna tacos were next and had a good kick to them.  I did a delicious pasta with spinach and tomato in a cream sauce that was soooooo good and my husband did an open face roast beef that he couldn't get enough of. We couldn't do desert because we didn't save room but I highly recommend this place to please everyone!Still looks like Rembrandt's inside (good). Staff friendly and pleasant. However wines overpriced: $11 or $12 for house pours! Food not bad ( had flatbread, hamburger). But really a lot of money  for bar food and wine for the neighborhood. Sadly, won't be back soon.Very mediocre food and slow service. I had one of the flatbreads and my dining partner had the crab cake. Overall disappointing, might try once more in a few months to see if they improve.This place is really working on it and I think once they get their service and coordination worked out, it will be great. The night that we stopped in for Cliff so we had the pleasure of meeting the new bar owner and manager and she seemed eager and excited to make some changes to the menu and the service. She had just started that day we heard so haven't checked back sense but very eager to see what they make of this place. Always good to have another good go to spot in the neighborhoodThe food was excellent. Hamburgers were the best. Wine and beer selection that we wanted was not available. Our waiter Jessica was very accommodating. BTW their kitchen is open until 10 pm but the bar is open until 2 AM. Yelp needs to correct this.Food is the worse.Better off eating at a McDonalds or Burger King.Front of house is ok ,reliable though.Seems like they need a kitchen staff that know how to cook instead of smoke weed 9 am on a sunday morning .We went to Frankie Ann's the first night it was officially open. We shared the fried pickles, I had the Rocky flat bread, and my boyfriend had a burger. All was good - the flatbread was rustic and simple, yet tasted very good. Burger was above many of the others in the neighborhood. Service was a little slow and some diner's children were getting a little restless, but it was opening night, I didn't expect perfection. Given that it was opening night, I was definitely impressed. We will be back to try other items. I do hope they add happy hour - we miss Rembrandts great specials!Such a great eatery! This place just opened, used to be Rembrandt's (which I never went to actually). The food was great i had a veggie burger and we split the fried pickles. Our server was super sweet. I took my dad here on Father's Day and he got a free t-shirt :) will make a great date or girlfriends hangout spot for drinks this summer bc it has outdoor seating.Great beer specials for Sunday football - but don't go here for food.  The food was not good, at all.  My group ordered several different things to try, and didn't finish anything.  Hopefully they can get that figured out!They didn't have a wine list, they would not allow me to substitute a salad (or anything) for the fries, the sweet potato fries were burnt, flatbread was cold, I could go on and on. I had low expectations and they didn't even meet them. This place has a year max.  I hope the next place is better.My partner and I came to Frankie Ann's on a quiet Sunday, only one table was occupied outside and probably 10-15 patrons were sitting inside, not too busy of a day. I stood at the hostess stand for 6 minutes before anyone addressed my presence. Finally, the bar back who was working on fixing the outdoor heat lamps walked by and told me I could go outside and sit wherever I'd like and someone would be right out. We sat down and nobody came by to even give us a water for 15 minutes. I am not exaggerating. We ended up leaving so we could give our business to a restaurant that deserves it.We were regulars at Rembrandt's. So happy to have Frankie Ann's Bar & Grill in the neighborhood. And not just bar food. Menu offers nice variety. I had Seared Scallops with pesto as an appetizer and a Caesar Salad... delicious!  Husband had an equally tasty Angus Burger.  Fries are outstanding. Guiness and Stella on draft completed our dinner but lots of draft beer choices.  Hope they keep those two and not swap out as much as Rembrandt's did.  We sat in the bar.  Dining room available for families. Kids menu would suite our grandsons.i love , eating thier ,its fun positive, foods good, an thier  so nice, jimmys the best, coming for my crab cakes, man oh, manI hated seeing Rembrandt's close. It was a great happy hour spot! I tried Frankie Ann's twice and I am done with it. First time I went with friends for happy hour and they didn't actually have one. Why wouldn't you have a happy hour offering?! The service was bad, the food was bland, and drinks were expensive. They had to close down the kitchen because "they got too many orders" and we ended up waiting almost an hour for an order of fries. By the time we left, our empty plates and glasses were still on the table. The overall feeling among all was that it was definitely not worth it. 
I waited a couple of weeks and went back for a second chance. Literally, nothing had changed. It took forever to get our food, people who had arrived after us were getting their plates before us. Once we actually got the food, it wasn't anything to write home about. It's expensive and you're not getting quality for the price. 
There are way too many good restaurants in the area to keep wasting time and money here. If there was a reasonable happy hour, I wouldn't mind it, but for the time being, not coming back here.One of the new best kept secrets in fairmount,just opened under new ownership,had the sliders,and tried the flatbread,food is delicious, and the staff was very helpful,deff stopping back hands downI was really excited to see that a new place was moving into the neighborhood, unfortunately was really disappointed. My friend and I got the Mac & cheese with pulled pork. It was extremely bland really lacking with the amount of cheese and pulled pork. It was pretty much just macaroni with a little bit of cheese and a small amount of pulled pork. 
We also got the mushroom / bacon flatbread, wow total miss! It was burnt and again super bland.
None of it was worth the money or calories. 
Giving 2 stars because we also got the fries which were good and the waitress was very sweet and helpful. Also the prices are pretty low, which I guess makes sense considering the quality of the food. 
I would like to give them another try, I'm hoping they just had an off night or something.We went to Frankie Ann's for the first time last week. We live around the corner and have been meaning to try it for a while. We ordered sweet potato fries, truffle flatbread, and a couple of beers. The food was ok, definitely a solid 3-star meal. The ambiance was pretty sparse, it was a Saturday night and there were maybe 2 other occupied tables. This is a fine spot to watch a game or to grab a drink, but based on what I ordered, I wouldn't recommend Frankie Ann's if you're going out for a meal.Dear Neighbors,
Let me begin by saying i am very cautious to post anything negative.  
The staff were extremely nice and cordial.
The bartender seemed new to the new restaurant.
The beer selection was good but the food need l a significant improvement.  My wife and I ate at Rembrandt's - the previous restaurant and they had very tasty food.  The food at Frank and Ann's  was lacking flavor and thought.  We had the Margarita Pizza , Seafood Diablo and a salad.  The pizza reminded me of pizza in my junior high school lunchroom and the seafood was rubbery since it was overdone and instead of good tasting sauce with spice - the spices in the sauce appeared to be sauce with hot sauce.  I usually finish my meal and in this instant case I could not wait to leave after finishing my beer.
All in all I am hopeful that the owners will make some changes and that they will concentrate on making good food which is expected in Philadelphia and respect the reputation of the prior restaurant.   I do not intend to return.  Sincerely,  AllenBeautiful building/space/architecture, but a completely lost and wasted opportunity with a mediocre [sports] bar put in its place.I miss Rembrandt's. Like everyone else in the neighborhood, we were sad when it closed and curious to see what would come next. 
First time we tried it, we sat outside and had a wonderful server and the food was fine: burgers, fries, nothing special but nothing wrong with it. 
I came back with a friend for a drink and some calorie laden bar snacks and that's where it went downhill. Sitting at the bar, it took forever (15 minutes at least) to get one beer and one glass of wine. The mozzarella sticks were large logs of mozzarella that had maybe been thrown in a deep fryer and the insides were still cold. Who messes up mozzarella sticks?!?!
I also went back at one point with a large group for a meeting and again, the service was all over the place and the food was just meh. 
So in summary, there are many places more worthy of your cash and calories in the immediate vicinity and certainly in Philly at large.I have no idea what these people are thinking. My shrimp scampi was pasta poached in butter, no seasoning- no parsley, no lemon, no wine and it was gross. My husband's pasta was tomato paste and beef strands with pasta swamped in. The fried mozzarella? I don't know what the hell that was? We waited over an hour and a half for our food, they ran out of iced tea, and the lights didn't come on until it was nearly pitch black in the damn dining room. I messaged the place and they had the audacity to tell me to "call our manager". While I'd love to give them the benefit of "they're new" or "they just opened" I'm more insulted that they think they know what they're doing. They need a few more soft openings in my opinion, and the cooks need to learn what they're supposed to be doing. Also, charging $4 extra for linguine? Who do they think they are? The bread...oh I'm not gonna go there. Try it, you won't like it. 
NOPE! Not going back!Came here with a group of friends for dinner and drinks. We sat outside and the waitress was super attentive and nice. I had the grilled chicken sandwich and most of my friends had a flatbread. The food was really solid and the drinks were very average price. Overall, a solid bar to go out with friends in the Fairmount area!Disappointed. I was the one to convince my friends to give this place one more try - and I think I walked away the most disappointed in the group. 
Space: This place has so much potential.. the location and venue itself are beyond ideal. But they miss the mark consistently. Are you really a sports bar if over half the seats can't see a TV? Or if one is all green?
Food: We went for brunch for the World Cup.. service was really nice but almost nonexistent. Literally there were no bartenders or waitresses for an extended time. Ordered the eggs Benedict.. The hollandaise was separated and super unappetizing. The fried green tomato was more like sautéed in a cinnamon batter? (Cinnamon and hollandaise do not go) It took over 40 minutes to get a side of toast because the kitchen was overwhelmed by.. 20? People. Really unfortunate they can't get it together .. this was our last attempt and we won't coming back.The best wood oven pizza ive had in a long time.  Its a new bar and grill very clean. The staff is really nice. Has outdoor seating or you can sit inside on the hot days and enjoy to ac.I stopped by for lunch today and really enjoyed my meal. The food was delicious and I will absolutely come back again. 
This was my third time here(2x prior for dinner), and being a local who lives a few blocks away,  I truly believe they are moving in a positive direction. 
If you came to Frankie Ann's when they first opened, give them another shot. 
I love that the owner is not afraid to advertise and is holding promotions/events for the community. 
Keep up the great work!My fiancé and I have visited Frankie Ann's since they opened. In the first mo Th we had poor service and gave that feedback. We continued to return and decided to book our rehearsal dinner with them because their second floor event space has uninterrupted views of center city. We were looking for a venue that could hold a 45 person dinner and then open up to a 100 person welcome party. Of course we were nervous in the year leading up due to the unforgiving neighborhood feedback, but Dan and his fiancé were wonderful. They had us in for a tasting of our food for the dinner before the event. They worked with us and our vendors for decorations and music. 
I highly recommend working with Dan for your special event in their second floor space. This room/venue is a jewel for a birthday party, graduation party, rehearsal dinner, etc. the welcome party afterwards was amazing with an open bar and snacks. 
Definitely give Frankie Ann's a try again and consider them for your next larger event!I'll give them another chance in a few months when they find their groove. I think it has a lot of potential: the burger is good but one of ours came out overcooked. 
Good cocktails. Great bar atmosphere and nice seating out front too. 
They just have a lot of room to improve.We tried this place twice. Both times had bad service, below average food, and the second time we went both cocktails were metallic in taste with excessive mixer. The first time we went we stuck with beer, which was a better choice. I'm disappointed overall with the beer selection, though. For a city in close proximity to so many great local brewers, the beer selection here is bland. Don't see this as a future destination for us, but maybe will let things settle out and consider trying again in the fall. Third times a charm? 
Would also love to see the fake palm trees replaced with real trees, but that's just personal preference for a more appealing outdoor space.Frankie Ann's was definitely A-OK, and I think it will only get better since they've only been open a few weeks. I'd like to see a menu that is a bit more exciting. That said, my shrimp tacos were yummy, as was my husband's veggie burger. Service was slow (perhaps still working out the kinks?), but our server was very kind and offered solid suggestions for the kids' meals. My glass of bubbly rose was very good...if not a bit over priced at $11. All in all, I'm pulling for them to make it work!1. Yes I know it's a new restaurant 
2. There's going to be kinks to work out
3. I've been here three times, each time giving it a blank slate type of mentality, but each time Im less convinced this place will figure it out. 
However, the most recent time I came in for the wing special was questionable to say the least. Be advised that 50 cent wings translates to "a plate of wings so small and unappetizing that you wonder if you will get sick eating them or can even find meat on some of them or wonder if they're pigeon wings."
 Without any warning management made the conscious decision to sell wings that look like they were rejects from the factory. Avoid these at all costs. The beer special was nice though! 
My friend got the full sized wings, and those looked good even though they were out of ranch and the blue cheese has the consistency of cold butter. So don't think you're getting a deal or remotely edible food with the wing special.We tried this place a couple of times because we live close, but it is really not very good. We wanted to give it a shot, but the service was terrible, the food was cold/soggy, and the beer selection is mediocre.  They also seem to be struggling to find an identity and customer base -- one minute they're hosting late night DJs and UFC fights, and the next they're trying to have a family friendly neighborhood vibe. I would not recommend.The ovens "werent on" for pizza (on a Sunday at 115 with football on). The staff was obviously overwhelmed and behind (which, who knows if that their fault or managements, but they were nice). Barely checked on, cold food, not really what we ordered no napkins or silverware for 15 minutes, etc. But that stuff can happen. The real issue is the quality of the food. No kitchen or staff could make those ingredients turn into a good dish. The food we got was...edible, but thats about it. I could have done better in the freezer section of a grocery store (grab a Hungry Man or a Lean Cuisine even). 
 TLDR: slow service, poorly prepared, terrible ingredients.Came here on Saturday to watch college football with friends, and only One bar was open and someone was playing the piano. With all the advertising that's it's a place to watch sports we were pretty confused. 3:30 on college football Saturday this wasn't what I expected.Went for Quizzo on a rainy weeknight and overall a very lack luster experience. 
Nice spacious interior with seating at the bar and then a second room with pool table and tables for seating. Our waitress seemed very disgruntled to be there and the service was slow at best. We were trying to figure out which beers to order and the different menus all had different things listed. Someone in my group got a moscow mule, and instead got their version of the moscow mule which includes jalapeno. It was decent, but would have been nice to know that was a thing. Someone else got a lavender mojito and our waitress made a huge deal of the fact that it had jalapenos in it for some reason. Also not sure why everything has jalapenos...Food was OK but nothing special. 
Quizzo was terrible. The host did not introduce himself or even mention that the game was starting. He literally ran through the questions giving no time between questions to think/discuss/answer. At times it was very hard to hear him because they didn't turn off the music at the bar. People playing quizzo were seating all over the restaurant so it didn't feel like a community experience. No idea if there were prizes or if so, what they were. Last round was a music round with no explanation as to how it works or anything. Did he want artist? Title? Beats per minute? Genre? Who knows. Seemed like he catered to repeat customers...of which there seemed few. 
Wouldn't go back unless its pouring rain and you need somewhere to hide.Went there right after the grand opening, it was a disaster which I half expected, knowing how new restaurants can be. Cocktails took over a half hour, and were pretty expensive considering they only had 2 ingredients. Ordered fried pickles: they took over an hour and tasted like fried cucumbers. 
Since I live in the neighborhood, I gave it a few weeks and went back. Staff have all been entirely replaced, which isn't a great sign. Still incredibly slow service despite the restaurant being deserted, menu is a design disaster, and no happy hour specials.
I don't see this restaurant being around much longer, which is unfortunate because we were all looking forward to a new restaurant in this neighborhood.As a local, we have wanted to try the new Rembrandt's but Yelp reviews kept us away. I'm so grateful we tried it anyway. To be totally fair, we were walking by from our house on our way to a different restaurant and it was a gorgeous day outside so lots of people were eating on the curb - and their food looked DELICIOUS. So, we decided to give it a shot.
Our server (Ryan) was great. The drinks (white wine, two types of red wine, and beer) were all good. We got the appetizer sampler which included wings, fried mozzarella, cauliflower, and fried pickles with a plethora of sauces - all delicious. We then decided to do a sandwich course and got a burger and the pulled pork to split. We had one with regular fries and one with sweet potatoes fries. We asked for a few sauces on the side. They were all delicious. Sincerely.
Give this place a shot - we were very pleasantly surprised. Hoping the best for this new neighborhood spot!My boyfriend and I went to Frankie Ann's in the beginning of November right before we went to Eastern State. The staff and owner there were extremely friendly. It's always nice to see the owner out on the floor engaging with customers --you can tell the restaurant is important to him. 
The service was great and the food too! They give a complimentary basket of popcorn when you are seated --everyone loves popcorn! Nice touch. 
The restaurant has several TVs to watch sports, a large seating area, and plenty of bar seats. The bar tender makes a strong drink! Lol. 
We'll definitely be back!Have had amazing chicken sandwiches, fries, flatbreads, and beer here before. Tonight, I recommended this place to a friend and we were really disappointed. My chicken sandwich had a tiny piece of chicken that was really rubbery. The fries were soggy and undercooked (how do you mess up fries?). My friend's flatbread was soggy and the dough was almost totally raw. The draft beers we both had were flat. Not sure what's going on but I'm certainly not going back any time soon. Really disappointed as I had good experiences there just months ago.Yuck. The whole experience was not good. I had friends  visiting from out of town and they wanted a burger so I thought this place was a safe bet. Not so. But I got what I deserve - I swore I'd never patronize this place after they assaulted our neighborhood with their huge
towering neon sign - was anyone else as upset by that as I was? How did they get away with that? Anyway, I gave it up and took my friends there for an early evening bite; the place was almost empty.   After waiting 15 minutes to order a drink, we waited another 10 just to be told we couldn't have the drink we ordered because they were out of the ingredients for it - in total we waited close to 30 minutes for our drinks. Our food arrived (before our drinks) without silverware. I couldn't find our waitress so I asked the bartender - who dismissively told me the waitress would take care of it.  The nachos were cold, the guacamole came from a mix, the buffalo cauliflower was so salty I couldn't eat it, and the blue cheese dip that came with it was another big yuck. My friends politely ate their burgers - it turned out to be one of those "lets make the best of this" experiences. We will never go back. Unless they get it together this restaurant is not going to last, which I don't wish on anyone - but I sure would love to see that obnoxious neon sign gone from our neighborhood.Oh Frankie Ann's! I've tried so hard to like this place but the slow and incompetent service gets us every time we go and the food isn't even close to good enough to make up for the service. Tonight we waited over 25 minutes as the only outdoor table to place our orders and that only happened because I talked to someone. After our food finally came, my husbands burger was inedible and he ordered take out from Bishops Collar. If this had been a one off event, I wouldn't be posting, but this has been our experience on some level the dozen or so times we've gone to Frankie Ann's. As a near by resident I kept hoping this place would improve, but after our visit tonight, that hope is gone.Heard decent things about this place. Went for the first time tonight and it was terrible. Not worth the money. Had the flatbread and it was almost inedible extremely doughy, sauce tasted like canned tomato sauce with a bottle of Italian spices inside, there was almost no chesse on top and the way it was cut made it hard to eat. Beer was flat and the cup tasted like soap. Take your money elsewhereThis was such a disappointment. After a local institution closes, my hopes were admittedly high in the liking this place. The food was not as described and terrible. I had a square pizza that ended up looking like a flatbread, disappointing description. On top of which the spinach on top was not done properly and made the whole thing soggy. My friend had a special called "Egg soup" that ended up being spaghetti in this very thick sauce that was too salty and tasted like it came out of a jar. Again, not as described. We shared the mussels in red sauce that was so garlic-y it was almost inedible. The service was so-so, not very attentive. No dessert offered and no dessert menu, just an passing offer of a cannoli after we asked if they had dessert. 
Having been there when it was a different restaurant, the design had not been updated much and look unfinished. 
Summary - Trying to do too many things and not accomplishing any of them food-wise. Atmosphere was sad, service was mediocre at best.Man, I had high hopes for this place. I was so excited to hear Modo Mio was going to take over the old Rembrandt's space but was quickly let down once I heard [yet another] sports bar was taking its place. The only places that exist in Fairmount are bars...and A Mano. Where is the love for anything different?!?
Upon entering we were greeted by a smiling face! This was quite refreshing since it's hard to come by nowadays. However, the interior was kind of blah. Nothing to it. The wood on the walls were screaming for help. They were just there. No character, no design, nothing. For a 'Sports Bar,' the bar area was also a letdown. It just didn't have an inviting feel, in my opinion. 
We ordered some apps, sandwiches and flatbreads. They were all edible but nothing to write home about. You just have to expect your run-of-the-mill bar food. The beer selection was...boring. I think it was a 97.65% match of the surrounding bars. Legitimately nothing different. Gin and Pop (Who I LOVE!) at least has different beers on tap; the owner even said: 'I don't try them before I stock them. I just find well-reviewed, different beers and put them on tap.' Fairmount has the same Victory, Yards and domestic beers. Very lame!
Oh well. I wish this place luck. BUT, if you're reading this - whoever you are - please, PLEASE open a unique restaurant/bar in Fairmount!We always want to support neighborhood restaurants and I've seen families outside so it appeared family friendly. Today we had friends in town for the half marathon and wanted to celebrate with brunch. We were seated at our table with only 2 other tables being served and all had kids so that was a relief. The acoustics in the dining room are very bad. We could not hear each other talk and we were with a three year old so we weren't expecting pin drop quiet. We had to ask for extra brunch menus and they were very incomplete. Had a bad feeling. 
The coffee was warm (not hot) and I got 3/4 of a cup. The orange juice was served with ice and had a funny taste. The service was slow. 
I ordered fried eggs and they tasted like they were grilled with a hamburger. The potatoes were cold and they forgot an order of pancakes. When the pancakes came they looked great and tasted like garlic. It was obvious that the grill is not cleaned which then concerns me about the other details that diners do not see. We really wanted this place to be a staple to come back to, but after an entire summer they should have their act together at this point. If we weren't with friends I would have asked to have the pancakes taken off the menu. 
Very disappointing. If a restaurant isn't going to do brunch well, then there is not problem with just starting at lunch.My boyfriend came here on a Friday night for a beer and a cheesesteak. He waited over 20 minutes for service, and then was rudely told that cheesesteaks "weren't on the menu". He then asked for a pizza, which was on the online menu, and was again told they don't serve that. He ended up so frustrated that he left, forgetting his credit card despite not ordering anything. 
The next day, we returned to pick up the card. We were immediately "greeted" by a woman who snapped at us that we were standing near a private party. We politely explained why we were there, and she told us to wait for the bartender, who was nowhere to be found. After waiting a few minutes, he appeared and gave us the credit card. My boyfriend asked if a gratuity was added automatically, because he purchased nothing and would dispute such a charge. 
We were rudely told "I don't know what you bought." We rephrased the question and were again snapped at that they "don't do that." It was a simple question in follow up to a disastrous experience the night before. There was no reason for the attitude and rudeness that we experienced for the entire 10 minutes we were there. 
We are locals who appreciate kind service and friendly atmospheres. Neither is to be found here.