Came here with a large group last night (a Friday) on short notice. Called ahead for a table of 8 and showed up with 11 and they helped rearrange things to make sure we could fit. They were packed and the service was still excellent. All night it was a consistent wave of drinks and food and our server checked in on things with just the right frequency.
Felt like we had a little bit of everything.
Mussels were probably my favorite. Great garlic sauce for soaking into the lightly toasted bread.
Crispy Potato Skins were also a hit.
Don't skip dessert. We shared three and they were all top notch. Homemade vanilla ice cream.They don't advertise (yet), but they don't need to. 
A skinnier version of Hagrid asked how we heard about the place before he let us in and cracking a few jokes with us. Entering, the whole place was immediately different than anything I've seen in Philly (that's very hard).
This place looks like the bar from From Dusk To Dawn, red lights, oil rain lamps, oil paintings of retro nudes and I'm sure some vampires hiding in the corners. This is the place Antonio Banderas would drink if he was in Philly in character (as himself). 
5 bartenders behind the bar were perfect (one we recognized from Barcade) and attentive and fun. The crowd was a mix of wool-hatted High Life drinking hipsters, couples, groups of friends, and gorgeous LGBT groups. People were drinking Cabernets, cheap beer and martini's -- anything goes right now.
The music was untouchably perfect and the perfect volume. I'm pretty sure I heard Hall and Oates, old school Whitney and The Cars.
They are working on the upstairs, which will have 2 L bars and a big dance floor.
I will 100% be coming back to this place and try to coin it "my spot" because I'm pretty sure I'll see Catherine Zeta Jones or Selma Hayek here.I went to Franky Bradley's last night, as my friends went twice and told me I have to come! Newley opened maybe a week ago, this place is totally awesome.  The greeter at the door welcomed us and asked how we heard of the place.  I guess they're surveying the guests for now to see how word of mouth travels. Inside decor is amazing. So many cool unique items to look at hanging on the walls.  The music was perfect. So many good classic songs, not a bunch of radio hits.  The bar is huge. A massive U shaped bar, with high top tables surrounding.  Good choices of anything to drink, decent beer list, good cocktail list, wine, basically anything you could want.  The food menu looks great, I'll have to come back and eat here soon. 
4.5 stars because of location, size, variety, atmosphere, and service.  Once I try the food, this place could be a 5 star venue!!  I will update this review once I eat next time. 
Lastly, the upstairs is still under construction, but looks like another huge room with a large bar, looks like it will eventually be a dance club room, or music venue room. Can't wait til it opens!  What a cool addition to the neighborhood!!Food and drinks were great.  Decor is fabulous.  Server Nick was a charmer.This trip to Philly started amazingly. It was super late and I was starving and ta ta... Here was Frank Bradley's finest- such a warm, cozy, welcoming, friendly place. And the food... God that burger was  one of the best burger I ever had. Perfect ratio of bread and meat - ingredients hugging each other in a succulent embrace. Charming, sweet, helpful staff and a nice, genuine northeast pub decor and atmosphere.  What else can you ask? A++ keep up the great work. 
Huge fanCame here on a late Saturday night due to the urging of my friends, plus my cousin and her boyfriend were in town. The restaurant is downstairs and the dance floor is upstairs. I really enjoyed the decor. I did not have any of the food but this is on my list for brunches. 
The dance area plays too 40 music but also throws in some current songs. The crowd is older (mid 20s-30s). I would defiantly come again.I had  A LOT of fun here. We were upstairs seeing a band (SONG DOGS!) play. The place was PACKED and I never waited more than 2 minutes for a drink. The bar staff was well trained and knowledgeable. They had a GREAT sound system and it was a blast! I'll be back to check out the down stairs and the food!Just spent a very pleasant evening here with a group of friends. We had walked through a bit of snow to get here, but it was completely worth it. It was not too crowded when we arrived, so we had our pick of seats at the bar. The ambiance is distinctive - a touch of classy accented by dark wood, upholstery, and statues, but also a bit of quaint and ironic, with its almost random collection of kitschy wall decorations, not limited to coats of arms, deer antlers, and paintings of scantily clad women. 
The "Happiest of Hours" deals included $3 drafts, $6 wine glasses, $6 select drinks, and $7 appetizers. We tried the pan-seared chicken livers, which were nicely paired with seared grits and a sweet pepper jelly sauce. We also stayed for dinner. My party ended up having the burger, the chicken parm sandwich, the steamed middle neck clams, along with a couple more rounds of beer and cocktails. Everyone seemed to enjoy their selections, though I was a bit disappointed to find that the fries were not crispy.
However, overall, it was a great experience. The seats were comfortable. It wasn't too crowded or noisy. The service was quick, friendly, and professional throughout. Our water glasses were always filled and servers often checked in on us to make sure everything was great. I am not at all surprised to see only 4- and 5-star reviews so far. There is a dance floor and performance space upstairs that wasn't open today, but I can't wait to come back to see what that side of this establishment is like! (Upcoming events are posted on their website and facebook page.)Despite the sensory overload of chotchki and lighting that makes you feel like your wearing infered goggles,no need to worry about being stalked by an alien Predator, Franky Bradley is a chill spot.
The service is friendly, and attentive. They have a nice happy hour which features a few classic coctails at a fair price. The bar is large and there is plenty of seating to service a large friday night crowd.
The appetizers were wonderful. The mac and cheese might be the new best in the city. The lobster pierogies are out of sight.  My entree was good but not as good as the apps.
I will definitely be back soon and often, I think next time i will just hang at the bar and eat appetizers to my hearts content.This is a cool bar. Bartenders are experienced and professional. Wait staff and bouncers are friendly. The only nitpick I have is that it seems to draw the too cool for school crowd, for whatever reasonIt's an okay bar tucked away in Mid-town.  I appreciated all the art on the walls but it was quite dark inside and found it tight trying to maneuver around people plus tables/chairs etc.  They do offer a HH but you're better off ordering off menu and something you like.  I tried the Grey Goose + 1 mixer HH special and I got a  lot of cranberry and not a lot of Goose.  When I followed up with a cocktail on the menu it was  much better.  Rather pay a little extra and get a decent drink.Went for dinner to check it out.   The mac and cheese was excellent.   I usually don't like chicken livers, however they were very tasty.
As far as the sandwiches go, I probably should have ordered an entree.  I had the duck cuban - it was so so.  Nothing to write home about.  We also had the house smoked brisket, again so so.  The barbeque sauce was quite spicy.
I would come back again.
I also had the Franky's Punch - very tasty.Great place to dance and drink. Loved the area it was great to have a good time. Upstairs was popping compared to lower level. Drinks were perfect not to strong or weak. We had an awesome time. Philly is popping but they close at 2am way too early.Was only here to grab some drinks this past Thursday and I'm a huge fan! I loved the music choices and the ambiance of the bar. From what I can tell of the quick glance of the menu is that I'm going to fall in love with this place so I am more than excited to come back and try the cuisine as wellThe food is top notch, as are the drinks. Service has been perfect. I'm already a regular. Couldn't be happier to have this joint around the corner and I'm sure it will be even better when the venue opens up. Blessings on your whole damn crew, Silk City ppl!We didn't eat here but awesome vibe, good drinks, good bartender and great music. Great place to stop by.It was "okay." Dark, dismal, and foreboding atmosphere if you dig that. We had fun, but server kept refilling my bourbon and water with ice water to keep me nice and diluted. My lonely TWO lobster pirogues ($16) were mostly potato and burnt. The green salad was fresh but full of too many red onions for social purposes.Went here on a Friday for happy hour and enjoyed the burger and lobster pierogies. The burger was pretty good but the pierogies I will definitely be back for! 
It looked like they make some great cocktails, though we stuck with beer. 
Though I had a great experience, I was very disappointed by the draft beer happy hour specials (BUD, Yuengling, Kenzinger).Visited for the first time for a band upstairs and decided to have dinner also. Prices were pretty reasonable for Philly, but the food and service was excellent. The Duck Cuban was amazing. Service was also outstanding. All the staff was friendly and even when we went upstairs to the club the person busing tables still offered to refile my water. Even the bouncer was pretty chill. If I lived closer I would probably visit frequently.During the week this place is a solid happy hour spot.  I would rate the downstairs weeknight bar as 4 stars. Weekends mean the dance floors upstairs are open.  Not only is the crowd terrible (Jersey 22yr olds) but my friend got dosed with some coke/opiate concoction.  Weekend nights here at your on risk.Awesome food with awesome service. Can't ask for a better experience. Great selection of appetizers and beers. Really enjoyed the cheesesteak egg-role and Pierogis.  Great burger.Your standard dive bar atmosphere with a dance bar on top. Food was average. I had the steak. Decorations were eclectic!Ive enjoyed the drinks here and some food as well. The service has always been friendly and professional.  I like the vibe here and am looking forward to trying more of the menu!I came here to party! 
This place is perfect to have a good time.  I came here to catch a friend's show upstairs but as soon as you walk it, it's welcoming.  You see everyone chatting, having a great time, and easy access to the bar.  What's not to love! 
I went upstairs to see the band and it's very small and intimate which i love.  There's a lot of things on the walls but I didn't spend the time to check it out.  There are 2 bars upstairs so easy access to drinks when you're watching the show.  They have a lot of bottles, draft beers and your normal cocktail selections.
Would definitely love to come back and catch another show, or just hang out!I enjoyed my dining experience at Franky Bradley's. The food was very creative and delicious! Nothing was run of the mill. 
Food: a duck Cuban (tasty), chilled corn soup (yum! especially the shrimp), my parent's shared the wings (no complaints). 
Atmosphere: I love a place that pushes the limit. Check out the pictures that people have posted -- very eclectic, very dark, lots of velvet. We were here on a Sunday evening, very quiet, practically empty. 
Service: Our waiter was very friendly and attentive. He seemed to really enjoy working at Franky Bradley's. He even did a great job of talking up their other establishments in Philly.
4 stars instead of 5 because it takes lots to get a 5 from me. Minor ding -- it's very dark, took some time for the eyes to adjust.Always friendly staff, great food and great drinks! We stopped in during 90 degree weather and it was cool, calm.. relaxing and air conditioned. We ordered long islands to drink.. and apps to eat; meatballs, pierogies and cheesesteak egg rolls. The app portion sizes are only big enough for 2 ppl (usually 2 pieces of whatever is ordered) however the food is delicious! By far, my favorite bar/restaurant in philly! Love this place and would give it 10 stars if I couldGreat brisket, best I've had in awhile. 5 stars for 70s lounge ambience. Great little find tucked away. Feels like a trip back in time to the Rockford Files.Great drinks, great menu and impressive space.  There's a second floor where DJs' spin and bands perform.  Every time I've visited the food & drinks were skillfully prepared & excellent service.Outstanding food,  service and environment then great music and dancing upstairs afterwards.   
We showed up with a large group for my wife's 30th bday and they accommodated us right away.  We ordered a ton of apps, all of which were delicious!
Their baked mac not cheese, short rib potato skins and buffalo wings are some of the nest I've ever had!  
This establishment has it all for a celebration and a good time!stop / look / listen
great food
great drink
great ambiance
great service / brynn
great owner / manager joe
great pricing
enough said, go there!Love this place. Great ambiance, great menu, great variety of entertainment! The drinks are great too! I haven't really been downstairs much, but I can speak for the upstairs is. It tends to be very crowded but has a very diverse crowd.This is a new space but I do enjoy that its on its lonesome near McGillans. 
Very clean space with a great bar in the center of the room. The food is tasty and the bartenders are friendly.
Would recommend coming here for dates or with a group of friends.One of my favorite places to visit in the city whether it's to dine or watch a drag show. The food and the foxes are awesome! It's a super comfortable atmosphere and an awesome staff.So grateful I ran in here, edge of tears (Bernie's DNC speach) suffice - needed drinks. Got music, awesome people, awesome cocktail. Saved a life there guys. Keep it up!After a long day, and some cocktails, we ended up at Franky Bradley's to keep it going. The place was packed but not unmanageable. There was just some big street festival that just wrapped up, so the drunks were all over the place, but we nestled up to a cozy spot at the bar. 
Bartenders were slammed, but did a good job getting things done, being attentive, and making those drinks. Standard bar, with an above average beer selection. After a few rounds it was on to the next spot. Good times.The drinks aren't that expensive and the ambiance is okay. Music plays upstairs, but the cover was a tad much for what they were offering the night in early October when my pal suggested we visit there for a good time.
The lady bartender with tattoos was friendly knowledgeable and actually capable of discussing skin art. We had a quick friendly interchange before she moved to some much more single, much more male and most likely straight patrons with much, much bigger wallets.
The next fellow to serve us was probably a barback: big, athletic, the build of a bouncer that catches a few eyes. I asked him if they carried any stouts. He looked annoyed and suggested a porter then handed me another copy of the drink menu. I read through it then ordered a cheap drink that sounded dark. 
He replied, "Yeah. That's the porter I recommended." 
It may have been, but he called it another name. My friend concurred and found the marketing tactic bizarre. Anyway, we thought, he brought us our third round. I tried to sign with the pen he gave us. It didn't work. I put the receipt on top of the receipt holder. It still barely wrote.
When he came back for it, I apologetically mentioned that the pen wasn't writing so I couldn't sign or leave tip. In a bit of a sigh, he instructed me to write on the back of the receipt holder. I replied I had. He took the pen and went back to the cash register. A few minutes later he returned. I thanked him and began to write out the tip. He learned forward, invading my personal space, and whispered into my ear, "It's the same pen."
Mouth agape, I paused for a minute as the Khal Drogo look alike slunk to the end of the bar. I quickly reconfigured his tip and left it. He continued hanging at the other side of the bar. His inked up female counterpart took it and thanked us. We thanked her as well.
Even if I hadn't used the receipt holder, he was acting like an aggressive douche. Maybe it's because I'm an only sometimes passing transwoman. Either way, this is why you don't get a khalasar, Aquaman. Enjoy your shit tip.Had a pretty good meal at Franky Bradley's. The brisket potato skins were SOOOO good.
The burger is good and so is the brisket sandwich. The BBQ sauce has a tang and kick to it and isn't necessarily sweet. My sister had the steak which was good but she said the portion was small. The French fries though are heavenly! We loved the fries. The sauce that comes with the burger tastes amazing on the fries!! Definitely make sure to dip them in that. 
Our main issue with Franky Bradley's was that the food took a really really long time. Then once it came out, all of our meals were luke warm. The waitress was so sweet and made sure they were taken back to be heated. She also took care of us which we were very grateful for and appreciative. 
Would definitely give it another shot, even if just for the skins and the French fries! 
The ambience is really cool and they did a great job with making the space unique!When was the last time you had a potato skin and wanted to personally thank the chef? Likely never... Unless you've been to this place and are as obnoxious as I am writing this review.
They were damn good. 
In addition to potato skins, this place has a nice bar upstairs with a stage. It was sexual comedy night. So they have a night dedicated to that. 
It was actually really funny and worth the five dollars. 
To sum it up: go for potato skins and stay for the sexual comedy show. 
I can't believe that sentence exists ^A nice faux dive bar with an interesting atmosphere that is between a mix of 1920's flapper scene and 21st century hipsterism.
I want for brunch on a Sunday after wandering around Center City being hangry. I wandered by Franky Bradley's originally intending to go into McGillins but, what the hey I thought.
I ended up with a BBQ brisket sandwich and many rounds of Kenzingers. The staff was friendly and attentive and the Eagles were on a big screen; what more can you ask for!
So, the food...was pretty good. The brisket was soft and a tiny bit chewy which is how I like it. The sauce had a bit of a kick to it which was unexpected but I love spice so it worked out well. It definitely paired well with the Kenzinger. Also, the fries were softer--not crisp. I personally prefer them that way so if you want crispy fries you should specify. 
All in all, a good experience and will probably be back again!This is one of my favorite Center City happy hour spots. Even after happy hour the drinks menu is expansive enough that you can drink cheaply and not get stuck with a cast off beer. It's great for groups--I've been here with co-workers and for informal meetings. Right after 5 on weekdays it's pretty quiet which is nice, but does eventually fill up. 
The happy hour food specials rotate, so it's always a good excuse to try something new. Love the potato skins, and just had the country pate and though pate is weird I did enjoy it the decor is like, weird edgy grandma chic, like plopped in a dungeon. I'm into it.Great little bar with a strange, but wonderful beer list. The inside had a Pulp Fiction feel to it....I expected to see Marcellus & Butch talking about what round he'll go down in. 
I didn't eat here, but I could've stayed here for hours.Great atmosphere to hang out with friends, have drinks and eat the best mac n cheese in the world...and the wings are awesome jawesome too! Plus a cool vibe with very unique decor'. Definitely coming back for the mac!After being told that we would have a two hour wait at El Vez, I Yelped other locations in the area for our party of 8 to eat.
Luckily, I found Franky Bradley's!
I showed up there with 3 teenage boys, who were a little trepidatious about the dimly-lit, eclectically decorated joint, but we were so warmly greeted by "the bald man", who I imagine was the manager, that we immediately felt welcome. After taking a quick look at the menu, and pointing out to said teens that they had Mac & Cheese, chicken wings, a burger, etc, they loosened up.
The rest of our party joined us, and we all hunkered in for one of the best meals we've had in quite some time.
The chef obviously knows his or her stuff...extremely well.
Smoked bbq wings = awesome.
Chicken Livers, yes chicken livers = delicious 
Potato skins = jam packed with savory goodness
Chicken parm = the boys all had this, and judging by the rate at which it disappeared from their plates, I can only imagine it was wonderful.
The Burger = hand-packed, amazing flavor AND perfectly cooked to medium rare.
Any time that I find a restaurant that can actually cook a burger to the proper temperature, I'm sold. 
The food, plus the unique selection of specialty cocktails makes Franky Bradley's my new must-hit restaurant upon future visits to Philadelphia.I've always loved North 3rd, so I was excited to hear that FB's was opening in center city.  The door was a bit hard to find, located in a back alley - thanks Apple Maps.  The decor and vibe is very similar to N3rd, with all kinds of flair and decor on the walls - lots of boobs, lots of butts, some cute animal pictures and red lighting.  The bar itself is square in shape, which means there are plenty of bar stools to sit on.  They have a nice selection of cocktails, which I tried a few of.  This is a solid new addition to the center city bar scene.I think this is a fun date spot, yeah. Like, if I were to take you out on our second date (wouldn't waste a first date on you here, sorry buddy-- coffee or drinks ONLY) and I wanted to see more of your personality, the personality of this place would test ya. Would you pass my second date test?
1. You comment about the decor:
Pass- You think it's fun! Fail- You think it's "incredibly cluttered."
2. You comment about the menu:
Pass- You want to split the mac and cheese.  Fail- You pass on the mac and cheese by saying, "I mean, how good can it be?"
3. Your reaction to the waitress:
Pass- You oogle her. She is really hot.  Fail- You barely make eye contact with her. What is wrong with you, she is so do-able!! And this is only our second date!!
Come, it's fun. Really.Good spot. More enjoyable when its slower, but didnt have a bad time on a friday night,. Will return.After waiting in line and paying a cover charge.... having the Female bartender steal my money from the bar was quite alarming. There was about $8 sitting in front of me after ordering drinks for me and my friend (who works for a well known Philadelphia marketing company) when a female bartender came over and just took the money. She was not the one who served our drinks or ever took our order. When I questioned her she said "oh I was just in bar tender mode". I would think typical bartender mode would be to not to assume someone is tipping you for a drink you never made or served.I wish the doorman had the same information that was on the Facebook page. I wish the beer lists at the bars upstairs were updated with beer they actually had. I wish someone had checked the bathrooms for cleanliness throughout the night. I wish they had been more careful with how many people they let into this place.
The concept is neat; a divey bar downstairs that really isn't that divey in my opinion. In fact, had the rest of my party been up to it, I would have been content sitting around the bar or in one of the big, cozy booths for the evening. The upstairs is a club. There is a dj booth, a small stage, a dance floor, and two bars along the outside walls. Both of your basic types of bar scenes in one location.
We checked out Yelp for bars nearby that were open and doing a NYE countdown. Their website led us to their Facebook page for more information on events, and their NYE event information said $5 cover, doors open at 9pm, and you will get a champagne toast at midnight. Pre-sale tickets were closed, of course, but the event info told us to line up outside starting at 9pm to get in. We walked up right at 9pm and the doorman told us that we would have to convince the hostess to let us in since this was a ticketed event. He let one person in from our party to talk with the hostess. Now, I don't know if he was just being humorous or if he really was told that it was sold-out and only ticketed guests could come in, but the hostess had no idea what he was talking about. She charged us $10 each (not $5 like the Facebook information said) and, to make a long story short, there was no champagne toast at midnight. I hate when there is misinformation like this.... it is so easy to just give your potential customers the right information from the get-go so it doesn't cost them extra money or create a negative experience.
We walked upstairs to the "club" level and there was nobody there except us and the bartenders at each bar. No big deal to us, but I thought that was interesting given the hassle we just experienced getting into the place. First things first, we walk up to the bar to order drinks. This night was a beer night for me and I'm not from the East Coast. They had a printed menu of available beers and at the bottom was "Shiner Ruby Red" - one of my favorite beers from a smaller brewery in Texas. I ordered that and the waitress looked at me as though I had two heads. They don't have that beer. I explained that I just read it on this menu and showed her the menu. She is annoyed now and says "those aren't updated". Okay, not my problem. Since I'm not from the East Coast, I'm not sure which beer to get. There isn't any sort of description leading me to know what is an IPA, Stout, etc., but at this point I am annoyed with her attitude anyway so I walked away. I went to the second bar that is upstairs was greeted by a much nicer bartender. She informed me that she had done some organizing and had found one last Ruby Red. Awesome! I took it happily. When I went back to try and order another beer knowing I wasn't going to drink your average Coors, Bud, or Miller, she wasn't really sure what to suggest to me and didn't have the time to help me choose. She suggested a seltzer drink that was basically a Smirnoff Ice. I just took it because this is obviously not the place to go if you want to figure out what new beer you may like.
As the night went on, the place became more and more crowded. By 11:30pm, this place was PACKED. I mean, they definitely were violating some fire/safety codes with the amount of people they let upstairs. You couldn't even move and trying to get out of the room to get to the bathroom took a lot of pushing and shoving. The stairway is also really narrow so trying to get downstairs or outside was more pushing and shoving. It wasn't any fun elbowing your way through all of the people. For the last hour of the night, my party had all locked arms around our little pub table to keep all of the pushing, drunk people from running into it and knocking it over.
Needless to say, there were way too many people for them to pass out the champagne at midnight, so that wasn't part of our evening. In hindsight, I wish I had planned better so that I could have found a nice bar or restaurant, paid a bit more money, and had a much more relaxed, less crowded NYE celebration with my friends. This place has potential to be so much fun, but they are clearly just interested in pumping as much money to the bars as possible.Cool spot, good drinks and a great, casual menu. But to sum it up, GET THE CHICKEN!!! Honestly the best chicken I've ever had. Skillet roasted, served on top of truffled polenta, sautéed wild mushrooms and a bed of sautéed spinach. 'Nuff said!One of the must-places visit you have to make! I was bar-hopping with my friends for one of my friend who was having a bachelor's party, and after a long discussion of which place would be the "best" place for our night, Frank Bradley's was chosen.
Before you walk in, there is an ID check. (Obviously, 21 or over)
The check-in price was 5 dollars with a stamp on your wrist, which was not too bad.
When I first walked in, I was not too impressed by what it offers; regular long two parallel tables at the bar with bunch of named-beverages sitting on a shelf. However, it does offer a section of tables aside from the bar next to the walls on each side, which was nice.
The best part about this bar is that there is a dance floor on the second floor. First, there is a DJ right above the stage, putting on live music as it goes, which is really cool. The stage is usually reserved and quiet, but it gets crowded as the night gets younger.
The drinks are not too expensive, they offer all sorts of drinks from beer, whiskey, vodka, and etc. I had a shot of 3 wise men for the first time in my life, twice in a row, which was an "interesting experience.." haha.
I would recommend this place to anyone who is looking for a chill place to rest, or anyone who's looking for a uncrowded bar. However, I have to say that the bouncers were a bit uneven-tempered, as they have warned me three times for leaving my drinks on the side table (not really a table, but right by where he sits which I do not think of it as that much problem.. but I guess he didn't.)
But, aside from that, really nice place. Highly recommended!I was down in Philly for the weekend and ended up meeting some friends for drinks here. The main floor is dominated by a huge wrap-around bar, similar to many dive bars except that the bar at Franky Bradley's is clean. The bar is decorated with incredibly ironic and kitsch decor which is pretty outdated in my opinion, but the "art" did still lend itself to some interesting conversations.
I got the Scorpio cocktail which is mezcal based. It was a pretty good drink, but it took FOREVER to make. On the upside, I did order less drinks which made my credit card happy.
I didn't explore the upstairs floor, but it is clearly a dance floor and looked like a lot of fun. My brief glimpse into the room reminded me of Pianos in the LES of NYC. Overall Franky Bradley's is a pretty cool joint; I could definitely see myself coming here regularly if I lived in Philly.The 2 bartenders tonight did not even look at us. Last time I was there, there was a very nice bartender who made people feel welcome but unfortunately he wasn't there tonight. The place was pretty dead, very very few ppl around. we asked for music twice but we were completely ignored. we sat there until close to 9, ignored, and left. Disappointing, expected more from this place. And brought with me a few people from my office too. Anyways, just a bad night, will never go back.Horrible service. Waited at the bar for a solid 45 min for man bun bartender before finally leaving. Extremely disappointingThis review is only for the decor, staff and the cocktails.  I look forward to eating here at some point.  But just haven't gotten around to it as yet.
I'd say this is one of my favorite places to take out of town guests to.  It is fun, really unique decor and all in all I'd say most of the staff is pretty friendly.  The bartenders, maybe not so much.  But not really unfriendly either.  Just kind of - there.  
The mixed drinks are ok, but definitely pricey.  When I pay $12.00 for a 3 oz glass of Sazerac that is just OK, I'm thinking I'm paying a bit too much.  It was truly the smallest mixed drink I have ever been served.  So, scratch FB's off my list of go to cocktail bars.  When I visit, I'll stick to beer.  That seemed like a much fairer market price.Went here for a night out with one of my girlfriends. We went straight upstairs to the "club" section of the bar. It's a $5 cover, but drinks are cheap for a Center City bar. 
For the first hour or so, the music was really strange and clearly was not appealing to the crowd. However, as the night went on, the DJ decided to start playing great music. It was a mix of current radio pop and throwbacks that everyone loves. 
There are two bars in the second level club and they were very crowded, so it was difficult to get a drink/close your tab. But, in terms of the dance floor, there was plenty of room and you weren't smashed up against the person next to you like at other dance spots in the city. 
Solid new spot for dancing in the city. Excited to come back and try out the more laid back scene downstairs with some food and drinks.Stop what you're doing and go here now!
Where do I even begin to describe the awesomeness of this establishment? Let's start with perhaps the most important part of the experience -- the bartender. I believe her name was Lindsey and she was nothing short of phenomenal. She treated us like she had always known us. Granted, she did know the two people I was with, but she didn't know me from boo on the street. 
The food. Oh my gravy. The menu was smaller than I anticipated, BUT the food was creative and, more importantly, DELICIOUS. I had the chicken parm sandwich. How special can a chicken parm sandwich be, you ask? Well, top it with fresh mozzarella (not cruddy pre-sliced crap from the local Shop Rite) and add some braised escarole on a perfect seeded bun, and there ya go! A lovely portion of what I think were housemade/hand-cut fries were included. Totally worth every penny. Definitely worth a trip back into the city for just that sandwich. 
My friend go an order of the wings and while I am not a fan of wings because, well, who looks cute eating them?, I did try one and it was great. The sauce was a smoky BBQ and not dayglo orange buffalo. Housemate ranch sauce accompanied the wings with some sliced celery and carrots. Nom nom nom.
I met the owner in passing and he was just as friendly and genuine as the bartender. 
The decor is fun art that definitely gets conversations going. Interior was clean and comfortable. Other patrons that came in were sociable and everyone seemed to know each other. 
I wish I lived closer to this gem.I had never been to Franky Bradley's before this past weekend and it was such a nice vibe in there and restored my faith in Philly...that there are GREAT PEOPLE in the city! I have not eaten there, but from the employee's to the bouncers everyone was fabulous and friendly! Great place to go chill and hang with friends or you could take a flight upstairs to the second floor to get your groove on to some live bands or DJ's.In Philadelphia on business and checked this place out based on the reviews and the menu. Total score.  Food is excellent. Perfect bar food menu, delicious and well priced.  The atmosphere is great. It was quiet when I was there, but I imagine it can be quite a lively scene when packed. Service was friendly, charming & on point.  I drank beer and wine, but the cocktail list looked good and beer & wine selection was again, great. Looking forward to coming back on my next trip!Its my neices 21st bday and was looking for a bar/restaurant.opened past midnight on a Sunday night. Thanks to OpenTables I found this happening gem. Kitchen open daily till 1am, bar scene is spectacular. We arrived at 11:40pm and were seated immediately. The server was very accommodating and fun. We enjoyed a fabulous meal, the burger, cuban-duck sandwich, potato dish, even the salads were delicious. Wonderful craft beer selection and full bar plus the restaurants cool decors made everything perfect. We stayed talking till 1:30am when we noticed we were the only ones still there, yet no one rushed us nor picked up chairs around us however, continued pampering & offered us more. The music was good, all of us at one point were dancing in our chair. Parking garage steps away. Definitely a must return.The more I yelp, the cognizant I become of how subjective these reviews are. If you look at the category for Franky Bradley's (Bars,American, Music) and set your expectations at that level, then 5 stars is almost not enough. My wife and I shared some of the most fantastic wings (Smoked) we've ever had. Smokiness (check), Tangy (check). chicken-packed (check), drool-inducing (check). But we didn't stop there, the chicken sandwich and the burger with Muenster (other restaurants - please take note and muenster up) were also quite good. Throw in the fact that we sampled some excellent drinks (Old American FTW) and the waiter was more than enough attentive and you have the perfect recipe for a 5 start bar dinner outing. Do your taste buds a favor and head on over.Me and my dime piece came here early on a Saturday night. As soon as I walked in, I liked the vibe. Highlights include: friendly staff, great selection of beers, pictures of boobies, and those lobster perogies were top notch. Only drawback was the crowd was a little "trendy" if that makes sense? Maybe next time I'll wear a bun ontop of my head with my crop top and high waisted jeans... You know .. "To fit in" :) 
Ps
Bouncer is the man! Super friendly and sweet.Felt compelled to leave a review for this place - we went here with a group of 10 for a birthday. We were looking for something classy, trendy, but not too stuffy .. It was the perfect spot and enough things hanging on the walls to keep your attention. I also have to say that the food was also excellent . Highly recommend Mac and cheese. Drinks were also great! Went upstairs after dinner to party and the scene was great (music was terrible though :/ indie night?) -overall great experience, we will be back !Very eccentric, dark, divey, and delicious. The food was good, the drink was strong, the menu was everything it needed to be and nothing more, the service was friendly. Good place for a nice meal with a good atmosphere.I've heard so many great things about this place. First time here and sadly I left unimpressed. Menus thrown down and felt rushed by the wait staff. Felt like they wanted you in and out.  Onion Soup was good but way overpriced. $11 for just 2 Pieogies was a joke for just two. Wings though were wonderful. Sorry,.....I wanted to really like this place but left unhappy.Great New Place!
I went here with a group of friends for my friend's birthday.  I love places like this!  It's hidden away, not everyone knows about it yet, unmarked building, etc.  Great bartenders and the crowd was nice.  Not too young and dbagy and not too old.  Nice mix of people.  The bartenders make great drinks.  I'm happy this place opened and I hope they do well.  I plan on trying their food next time.Lotsa fun and value here for your dollar. We all shared the brandade, steak tartar, mac & chesse and a few other starters and they were excellent, Beer and cocktail program is varied and reasonably priced. Ultimately, service and atmosphere are the real aspects that sold me on this place and will have me coming back for more. There's nothing else quite like it in the city and it's definitely worth a peak if you're on the fence. Outstanding friendly and attentive wait staff. great consistency with the cocktails. Cool location as well in an area that has a back alley vibe. Excellent date night or small group destination overall.A cool 70's throwback setting for people who weren't alive in the 70's.  Since I had to suffer through this awful decade, I wasn't all that impressed with the place.  Our server seemed out of it.  Just back from being away (as he said) or stoned out of his mind (how he acted)?  Who can tell?!? He needed help on our orders and had to clarify the Happy Hour menu regarding our drink orders.  The menu offered "you call it" top shelf gin and vodka specials, but when we called martinis, we were advised that this wasn't part of the Happy Hour special.  Not a good start!  The food was tasty, well presented, seemed fresh and came quickly.  All good.  Lots and lots of big bearded, early 20th century haircut sporting dudes!  Well...there were 3 or 4.  To me, that's 2 or 3 too many since I just don't get the aesthetic. Might go again on a lark, but this couldn't become my regular spot and it made me miss Sisters a little.  And I'm a straight, middle-aged, white guy!I loved this place when it was Sisters but definitely love it more now! The atmosphere is great.. nice dim lighting and awesome art covering the walls. I tried every single cocktail on the menu and wasn't disappointed with a single one. I've been here a few times and have tried a bunch of menu items.. Lobster pierogies and roasted beets were specifically delicious. A+Bartender on 13th tipped me off to this place early on and have been back several times since. We frequent their sister restaurant, North 3rd and have found the same reliability, quality and general atmosphere- all excellent. 
Franks Bradley's is the place to go if you're looking for good food and a fun atmosphere. I hope to check out the cabaret at some point too and will certainly continue heading here when in CC.What a great hidden gem. The food was excellent and the staff was great. Each table had light where you could read the menu. Love the atmosphere.Great Dive bar. I try to go here once a week and I'm never disappointed. 
The bartender Dan always hooks me up with at least two free drinks. The secret is to stay until closing. After closing the staff and bartenders will pull out their stash and the taps start to flow for free. Here's where the real party begins.
Only drawback from this place is that the bathrooms are disgusting.
Otherwise it would get 5 stars!All I can say is that I'm upset with myself for not getting here sooner. I have been back twice in the first week of going. Great happy hour, great decor and layout.Great find. Just landed in Philly from Southern Cal. Yelped where to eat for dinner and this place came up. It did not disappoint. It's dark inside with a nightclub upstairs. Evidently it used to be a lesbian bar, and its down an alley, but don't let that scare you away. Great food, some of the friendliest waitstaff I have ever seen. My husband had the duck Cuban sandwich. It was super rich, great flavor. He loved it. I had the half chicken on the waiter Nick's recommendation. It was moist with a tomato pate on it, with rice. Bursting with flavors!! Wish we had more time here in town to come back. This straight Christian couple loved it.Had a really good meal.  Grilled escarole salad was amazing.  So was the brisket sandwich.  Great service too. 
I always say that Mark Bee's North 3rd is the most consistently good and under-rated restaurants in the city.  Now he's done it again.  
Love the decor, so much fun.We were up for something new and different - and this place met that criteria.  Or shall I say old and different? There were five of us and we just devoured the appetizer menu - The mac & cheese, potato skins, chicken livers.  The braised duck ragu was so incredible and the organic chicken got a big thumbs up. This place if fun, the service was great, and we will be back!been meaning to check this place out for months. glad i finally did. went for a thursday happy hour with 5 of my male co-workers. love the decor and the ambience. feels like being in my grandparents' basement, only a little kinkier. the bartenders were on-point all night. every time we had an empty glass, they came right over. we got the happy hour appetizer specials, which were wings and loaded potato skins (with brisket!) and everything was delicious. homemade bbq sauce for both. the food prices are pretty steep, but if the rest is as good as the apps we had, then it's probably worth it. fresh, quality ingredients.
great food, great beers, great service.
we'll go back on a weekend night for some dancing. heard it's a blast.Awesome bar!  We came for dinner and had apps and entres.  High points were the pierogies, muscles and beet salad.  Drinks were reasonable, the beer list varied and service was excellent.Came here for drinks and dancing. Great vibe. It's really crowded upstairs but a lot of fun. There wasn't any where to put my coat , so I tried to shove it in a corner lol but no one seemed to touch it. It took a while to get a drink at the bar and the bartender only seemed to pay attention to the girls at the bar and not the guy I was with trying to get a drinks. Despite that , we had an amazing time and the dj was great.The service tonight was terrible. Bar service and table service.  Despite it being pride, the restaurant and bar were not that busy, yet the bartenders acted as though it was. We waited forever for drinks. We went to the table for food service and still we waited. We had to ask a server to take our order.  I ordered a burger med well. It came out med rare. On top of that we had to go to the bar for drinks. I told the waiter that my food was under cooked and I did not want it re-cooked. I also asked for the manager. The manager came over and was clearly not interested in anything we had to say about our experience. He was either drunk or under the influence of drugs. He couldn't wait to get away from our table. After going to Franky Bradleys for several years, this was by far the worst experience I have had. I big difference from when they first opened. Sadly, this may be our last time here I would rather spend my money elsewhere- and where they don't act like they are doing me a favor.Fun crowd; decent drinks. The doberman is really good =]