This is such a great coffee shop and a great addition to east kensington.   I love the music they play here and the vibe is so friendly and inviting.I was strolling around the neighborhood until I came across this place. It looked pretty small on the outside but inside it was warm and friendly. The hostess was really nice and I tried several pastries they had. There were seats around and a mac desktop playing music. There were boxes of arts and crafts material, shelves with books, and many many chairs and tables to just chill and relax. I enjoyed my time here and would come around here again!I love this place so so so much. I came here during one of my first visits to Philadelphia and I'm so happy I ended up living down the street! Great playlists, great food, and very warm and friendly people. The owner, Blew, and her daughter are so kind and welcoming. Every time I come here I stay longer than I mean to, in the good way. Very thankful to have such an inspiring local business around. 
Other awesome things about this place:
The seating
The little library in the back
The mission and the intent of the space
Everything feels right about this spot :)Franny Lou's is a great neighborhood coffee shop with a wonderful owner and friendly baristas. If you're looking for something to eat with your coffee, try the peach tart.A really nice coffee shop with excellent iced coffee, well-crafted coffee drinks (I had a really good Americano) and a great selection of pastries.  There is free wi-fi service and comfortable working space.
I'd love to come back and see what else is offered around lunch time.  But if my coffee experience is any indication of things to come, I expect some tasty additions!
Fun place to visit in the neighborhood!  We will be back.What a great addition to the neighborhood! Friendly atmosphere and staff. Lovely natural light to work in. Delicious coffee and pastries. Excited to spend a lot more time here.Finally got to check this cute place after exploring Fishtown. Location is amazing--great distance from Frankford Ave. and the York/Dauphin MFL line. Staff was super friendly and helpful with the menu. The cold brew options were exquisite and reading all the special drink title names was inspiring! What made Franny Lou's the best was it's unique atmosphere, quaint and aesthetic inside, and sustainable features. Will definitely come back!Great service & incredible resource. Owner is very community minded, hosting workshops, craft fairs and readings, we should do whatever we can to support her in it! My only complaints would be the $5.00 minimum on cards and the fact that some of their in house mugs are chipped pretty badly. Other than that it's a great place to sit.I love this place, pleasant, good herbal teas, wonderful vibe from owner and workers, makes u feel at home, great place to get work done, and may I add the bagels toasted are great with bacon chive spread yummy.  Wonderful children area,Artsy community cafe. Great range of coffees (the Martin Luther King, Jr. and Cesar Chavez are recommended) and the strawberry lemonade was a favorite with our group. Check it out, you won't be disappointed!Love this place.  Very relaxing and chill environment.  Interesting location.  Interesting stuff to read.  Good food, nice vibe.This place has great food, delicious coffee, friendly staff, and best of all it's locally owned and run. Do yourself a favor and be here every morning for a welcoming vibe ... Oh and an iced coffee!Always there when I need them.  Close to home, creative and consistent.Good coffee and great tea, but most importantly, really warm and welcoming service.Awesome people. Awesome vibe. Great place. Comfy chairs. Good music. Really great hot drinks, looking forward to trying the food. Happy to support local and Black-owned businesses.Formerly used to be Leotah's Place.. I loved this place since it was so close to my work and I was really sad to see them close down for a bit, and here they are back with a new name, and a whole new place in the same location! I don't know if the owners are the same that operate Franny Lou's but I love the cozy atmosphere and the coffee too! Friendly staff too. Glad to have this place back.Great little neighborhood coffee shop. Socially conscious, friendly staff, and the only place that I know of in the city that sells morir soñando. Tasty stuff.Came in on a hot day and got a lemonade. The staff are friendly and outgoing. They have a children's corner and a cool little zine/book collection in the back. Looking forward to coming back!This a cool little coffee shop in Kensington that I am glad I stopped in for a cup of joe. The barista was very friendly and made me feel welcomed. The place definitely has a kitschy vibe to it and I dig the eclectic mug collection they have for your coffee if you decide to sit in. 
The coffee was delicious and gave me that jolt I needed to keep myself going for the day. I very much enjoyed the blueberry bread as it was a sweet treat to myself. I sat in the back room and it had a good amount of literature to read through. This is a great little hidden gem that you should go to if in the area.- Really cute and quirky coffee shop that serves both coffee, smoothies, home made sandwiches, and yoghurt w granola. 
- Outdoor seating 
- Ok service, not very smiling, but efficient!  
Got the apple raspberry smoothie, so good. They also let me build my own sandwich when I couldn't find a combination I liked. Would come here all the time if I lived here!You CAN get to heaven on the Frankford El! Get off at York-Dauphin, cross  Front to Jasper. Walk a block to York and follow that to Coral--two blocks. We went on a perfect September day. The instant you leave the shadow of the el you are in open feeling blocks--new construction, demolition, older style Philly rowhomes. Franny Lou's Porch holds the corner. A warm welcome right away brings you into the TARDIS that is this sweet spot. There is warm narrowness that expands to a back room with a wall of books. Art supplies invite  you to leave your piece which will be added to a line. I enjoyed the display full of people's favorite conspiracies described on small bits of paper. Of course the Earth is Flat. Flat as my hat! Flatter than that! (Ask Kipling:-) Space has been made for toys and games. My latte was delicious.  Chamomile tea was served in a way new to us. The buds float in very hot water which you pull up through a metal strainer-straw. Take your time! Lovely! You can design a sandwich from regionally sourced ingredients, have a bagel decked out with all sorts of tasties. Our blueberry muffin was made in-house and wowed us. I'd go back just for that! A lot more than the food and drink happens here, though. The high note is love.I'm so excited about this spot! I'm a regular of other cafes in the area but was hoping to find something more homey and community-oriented and stumbled upon this spot today in its' first week of business. The barista, Rosemary, turned me on to chicory tea, which is my new coffee alternative. I had it on ice and it was amazing (an acquired taste, she says). I also met the owner and just loved her personality and warmth. Spring is bringing great things to my neighborhood. Thank you!Dropped in randomly as I was walking around looking for coffee and I'm glad I did. Delicious coffee and such good pastry/treats. Had a croissant that was top notch. Also set down in a cool neighbourhood, Franny Lou's got it goon' on. Nice work!You gotta check out Franny Lou's Porch if your in Kensington. Such a friendly atmosphere and positives vibes. Great place to hang out and do some work or chill with friends. The food and espresso drinks are also yum! Don't forget to stop by Franny Lou's it's worth the trip!!Beautiful cozy community centric spot with delicious beverages and specialty drinks all named after radical thinkers and revolutionaries! This is a close-knit community space that is unique and wholesome. They host events, educational speakers, thinking groups and more. Plus the ambiance is log cabin-y garden in the woods boho decorative goals!best coffee, my fave is the angela davis latte. 
best vibes all around. 
everyone should get their coffee and morning beverages hereReally awesome place, coffee was delicious and the bagel was perfect. Love the message and the intent. Only issue was they don't call out drinks? Not a huge deal but I was worried I'd grab someone else's coffee. Super friendly staff.Walked over, asked for a bagel toasted with cream cheese. Got home. Changed back into sweat pants to watch the game only to find out they didn't toast my bagel. Could I have easily toasted it at home? Yes. Ah not this time! due to 4 lbs of cream cheese they irresponsibly slathered in every nook and cranny of the bagel. So even if I could find my largest mixing bowl to hold all the cream cheese it still would have been a lousy toasted bagel. I feel bamboozled out of my Sunday bagel. I'm not mad. Just disappointed.I come here often to work on my dissertation. I like the vibe, they play mostly old school Black American music, some early 2000s soul, and some traditional/folk music. 
The set up is very bohemian. I would describe it as Erykah Badu vibes lol. The coffee is good, and all of the menu items are named after Black people throughout history, which I love. 
It's usually a good work environment, so I'd definitely recommend this spot for my fellow students and/or entrepreneurs. 
Baristas are always nice!
The only reason I docked a star is because I'm a bit of a neat freak and this space could definitely use a good sweep. If I could do a half a star then I would give them 4.5, but I can't.My favorite place in the neighborhood for all things tasty, warm, refreshing, friendly, and chill. Absolutely kid friendly, absolutely all people friendly. Love this place.Great food, great refreshing lemonade and much more. What makes this pls even kewler is that it is a gathering place for folks who help make Philly Great. Check it out and hang out. You will enjoy. The owner is super nice and the service is great.I have to say I'm finally at a point to where i don't think I'm going to go back to this place. I live just down the block and although the place is a great location for me, it's got a really cool ambiance, and they have community activities for the neighborhood, the times i have gone in the service has been awful. There is one girl whois completely friendly and on top of it, but every other person i have gotten has been cold, uninterested, slow, and just not caring. This morning was my last straw. I had ordered a make-your-own breakfast sandwich, to which the girl behind the counter did not seem pleased when i told her I'd like to order my own when i didn't want the one pre-made in the fridge. Two ladies had walked in behind me and ordered lattes. As I'm sitting waiting for my sandwich, i see the girl make the two lattes and set them on the counter, didn't even tell the two ladies who had sat down in back that their orders were up. There was another boy working but he seemed to be cleaning, and the girl behind the counter just kept talking to him. This is now going on 10 minutes. The ladies still didn't know their lattes were just sitting on the counter, i was about to tell them myself when the girl shouted their order. The ladies still didn't hear. 15 minutes. Still waiting for my sandwich. Instead of bringing the coffee over to them (because she still had yet to start my sandwich) she shouted again, to which the two ladies came over and said they didn't hear anything bc they were in the back.It's now 20 minutes. She finally makes my sandwich, still flirting with the boy. 27 minutes. She hands me my sandwich, apologizes for the wait, i bring it home, the egg and turkey sausage i got on it is still cold. $11.00 for a sandwich that took 30 minutes and was still cold. I'm so sad but i have to say i do not wish to go back to this place, no matter how cute it is inside. The service just isn't worth it.I love the idea of a community space and the events that they organize. The space is cool and well-thought out, but it ends there.  
Each time I leave with a bad taste in my mouth from the staff's unwelcoming vibe and how long I had to wait for a cup of scalding hot coffee and an overpriced bagel.
It's the closest place to my house with coffee and pastries so every six months I hope that their logistics have improved and I try it again. 
It remains the same. New staff with bad attitudes and a lazy work ethic.Really liked the cozy, relaxed vibe of this place. Sat here and chatted for a few hours over tea. Will definitely visit again.Great coffee and great atmosphere which feels very homey and comfy. I go here to study while I enjoy a cup of tea.Recently discovered this hidden gem and it has been nothing but fascinating. It depicts friendliness, creativity, and coziness within. The blewberry (yes, spelled that way!) lemonade is refreshing, and my chewy lemon coconut cookie is heavenly. With delicious snacks and drinks served by awesome staff, this place is a win-win!Order was an hour late. I ordered a side of chips and it's a bunch of crumbs that someone threw in the bottom of the bag. Workers are rude. It's a shame because with a little extra care and consideration for customers this place would actually be good.Poor containers. It's the second time I've come here for coffee and the cup is broken. Months apart! By the time I'm about 3 block away, the bottom of the cup starts dripping. This is ridiculous. Shame on me for coming back after the first time this happened. The first time the seam wasn't properly waxed or something.
Please check the coffee cups or change suppliers. You're buying faulty paper products!I came here because I learned about Franny Lous on Yelps feature of black owned businesses in the area. It's about just over a mile north from me so it wasn't in my ~normal~ radius of searching for restaurants. BUT, the food and drinks will keep me coming back. 
Ordered the Dorothy Day speciality latte (if I remember the name correctly) and their Pro-Community vegan hummus sandwich. 
The latte was delicious. Vegan milk options and had the right flavor without being too sweet. 
The sandwich was the right portion for a lighter breakfast and the ingredients were both fresh and tasty. The bread was beautifully toasted - looked like an artistic masterpiece and the crunch of the bread paired well with the softness of the hummus. 
The prices were higher than advertised online so just know as FYI and in general it felt slightly high compared to other coffee shops. That said, I wouldn't make this my weekly go-to but it'll definitely be a treat myself kind of place.Used to love coming here, but we're not coming back. My girlfriend and I had the peanut butter latte and lavender latte, we watched the two girls make it. SO. MUCH. MILK. They didn't even taste like coffee, straight up milk. $12.63 including tip. She wants her money back, but won't say anything. We threw both coffees out a few blocks later and went somewhere else =/In early April I planned a day trip to Philadelphia.  I picked out a café I wanted to try, and my sites to see.  Then the Starbucks incident happened and African American owned coffee shops entered the spotlight.  To Philly I went...
Franny Lou's Porch is in Kensington--a uniquely American neighborhood.  Unique in the 21st way cities are changing.
As I entered, I was immediately feeling my surrounding.  Eddie Kendricks was on the radio and I could see an abundance of plants.  That reminded me of my own home, minus the cool coffee workings.
After receiving a warm greeting.  It was doubly warm because I had just arrived by bus and headed over for my breakfast.  Something light.
Scanning the menu, I liked the names of the items so much I ordered the first thing, a Cesar Chavez without even reading what else is offered.  Had I been more patient I would have noticed that my chocolate infused beverage was a coffee.  I don't drink coffee.  I never developed a taste for it and I don't want to be one of those people that uses so additions (cream, milk, &c.) to make it palatable for me.  Now, my Cesar Chavez was actually pretty good.  I am sure I would have enjoyed it more if I was a coffee drinker and I needed the caffeinate boost, so I am not mad.  
For my light breakfast, I ordered a Biscuit and a Ginger Spice cookie.  I ended up liking the biscuit more.  Not that the cookie was bad,  the biscuit was more in line with what I needed at that moment.  
So that was essentially my time posted up on Franny Lou's Front Porch.  It was cool, not rushed, pleasant and peaceful.  I dig.Number 1: Thanks for being open during the pandemic. Number 2: The Collards and Bacon Biscuit was off the chain.. and the Red Plum and Pecan Fruit Bar was the best baked good I've had in a very very very long time.. Your Baker(s) game is strong!!Poor containers. It's the second time I've come here for coffee and the cup is broken. Months apart! By the time I'm about 3 block away, the bottom of the cup starts dripping. This is ridiculous. Shame on me for coming back after the first time this happened. The first time the seam wasn't properly waxed or something.
Please check the coffee cups or change suppliers. You're buying faulty  paper products! 
--
So, after two bad experiences, this review was still in drafts. My uncle was visiting and during his wondering around he found this place and dragged me to it. Changed my opinion of it a little since their bagels are good and it's a different experience to get the coffee in a mug and not a this-cup-is-gonna-fall-apart. The barista was high or something. Like, couldn't keep her eyes open, kept asking what our order was and was more interested in talking to some dude than giving back correct change.I had a really good experience here. It's such a hip little cafe without reading pretentious, and the barista helped me pick out my food and tea. I love the way the tea is prepared and the sandwich I had was very good. It's a really casual atmosphere with plenty of space and wasn't overly packed when I was there. I just enjoyed my time in the space and can't wait to go back.Was looking for some chill cafes in the local neighborhood and found this one on Yelp. I just really wanted to get away and without access to a car, this was a short 7 min walk. I love that it's Black Woman owned- it's fantastic. Such a warm, chill vibe when you walk in. Everyone is minding their own business- lots of people on their computers plugging away. 
I had the Gil Heron Scott latte which was great! I'm usually a Chai Tea Latte drinker but this was a little different with some chocolate flavor. I would have liked for it to be a little hotter but perhaps next time I will ask for extra hot :) I also had the cheese danish. 
They have this cool section - like a library only you don't take the books home- where you could pick up anything and read it. A nice departure from staring at my phone. Would love to come back and try another tea and perhaps a different food item!I don't usually like breakfast sandwiches but I'm a big fan of the Pro-Love sandwich! The bread is crunchy yet has enough give and the wrapping holds it all together. The grilled onions and spinach go perfectly with the cheese and sausage and helps to balance out the flavor. If you're looking for something sweet, check out their blueberry muffins! Haven't tried their drinks yet as I've been making coffee at home but I've heard great things.
If you're in the area, definitely try them out. Not only are you getting great food but you're also supporting a local business with a mission and intent as shown by their menu. 
*Order ahead online to avoid the wait time.A hidden gem in Kensington! This place is full of great vibes as well as great food and coffee. My roommate got a muffin and said it had to be freshly baked because it was deliciously moist and warm. 
Super affordable and cute place. 
Haven't gone inside because of covid but there back patio area is adorable! Definitely will be coming here a lot since we just moved to the area!Small place. Very cute and seems cozy when open and operating!  I had two occurrences of stopping by during what were supposed to be business hours only to find it was either closed or there was no one at the service counter (I waited several minutes).  As I was staying just around the corner, I did manage to eventually hit at the right time and get a couple of hot drinks.  I enjoyed them and the drink names are inspired.Hands down my favorite place to get coffee in the city. Their specialty lattes are creative and delicious as well. Service has seemed a little slow over the past few months even when ordering ahead online, but it's worth the wait. Plus, who doesn't love social justice?Wonderful flavors and syrups. 10/10 would recommend  Pastries are great, too! Personal favorite. Definitely coming back and recommending!An excellent cute little  coffee cafe over in a quiet Kennsington neighborhood.  Small and cozy but with plenty of space to either work or to sit and relax.  There is even a little "kids corner" with books and toys!  
Excellent coffee, lovely pastry, good bagels and AMAZING HOMEMADE veggie cream cheese.  
The owner and the barista are amazingly warm and friendly.   This is what your neighborhood coffee spot should be.  There is a spot by the front door advertising local events, artisans etc.  
Looking forward to many returns.
I just sorta wish they had an actual porch!I love this place. When I walk in here, it's like I've walked into a portal to Western Massachusetts, where I went to college (this is pretty much the highest praise I could give).  I feel so at home here.  Great coffee, unique drinks, amazing ambiance, community-oriented, cozy, and you can always overhear some fascinating conversations.The food and service were alright but how can an overpriced bacon, egg, and cheese sandwich be "anti-capitalist"? Were the profits made on the sale of the sandwich redistributed to the workers who put their labor into making it? Wouldn't an anti-capitalist sandwich be more affordable to the working class rather than a gourmet product for the petite bourgeoisie? Can any consumable good sold on the free market ever really be considered anti-capitalist in the first place?Definitely important to support local spots, especially black-owned and ones involved with their community. Loved the breakfast sandwiches I've tried and freshly baked pastries.. also heard they have a community fridge outside powered by mamateefridge!Coffee is good... even the drip, and reasonably priced. Three stars though since I dislike the credit card policy that you must spend $5... some days I simply want a  drip coffee- nothing overly fancy. 
Also... the baked goods are ridiculously overpriced. $2 for a single cookie not even the size of the palm of my hand? Or $5 for a scone? I think not. In comparison. I just had a HUGE bowl of soup at a coffee shop in Chestnut Hill for $5...I love this cafe! I was staying at an Airbnb in the area and this cafe came recommended by our host. It is an eclectic cafe with many historical and empowering messages! 
I loved their homemade pastries-- I tried the cornbread cookie and blueberry muffin. They were both delicious! I also loved the chunky veggie cream cheese. The lattes were very unique with unique names to match.
My couple constructive comments-- some other reviews have mentioned this, but nothing was ever announced when our food was up. We were at the back of the cafe and finally went to check and everything was just sitting there. Some clarity would be nice! Also, there was some confusion with bagel orders. They told me i got the last everything bagel and then let my friend order an everything bagel next. When her food didn't come up they told her someone else took it (which I'm assuming was me?) even though that wasn't the case. All in all it got resolved but definitely a little miscommunication. I'd return if I am in the area!Since my visit was during COVID-19 I wasn't able to go inside, but can't recommend Franny Lou's enough. Breakfast sandwiches were awesome, I got their specialty latte the "Cesar Chavez" and it was AMAZING (I'm usually not a flavored latte kinda person, but because of the name & flavor combo I had to try it and I wasn't disappointed). They have an efficient system of ordering & picking up while allowing for social distancing. There are some chairs out for customers to sit at, but no tables. Will most definitely be back again!!Franny Lou's Porch was adorable and delicious! Coffee options/favors were extensive and unique. I have been there now 2x just to get out and go on a walk. Easy to order online and pickup at the window for safe, contactless curbside pickup. Staff is absolutely wonderful. They are joyful, nice, work hard and you know they are smiling behind their masks! I definitely will be returning!Finally visited the lovely and unique black-owned -- Franny Lou's Porch that is located in my area. I highly enjoyed my Sunday morning experience before taken off to run a few errands.
Went inside the coffee shop and everyone was really nice and friendly (all employees wore mask). When I stopped by, people were eating outside and I was the only one eating inside at the time (felt super comfortable, special, and I liked the decor/vibe).
Ordered the James Baldwin latte (with no cinnamon) on the rocks. Quality coffee! Ate the very fulfilling pro-love sandwich: organic turkey sausage, smoked colby, baked eggs, grilled onions, and fresh greens. Fresh & tasty! Watched Manifest on Netflix on my phone while indulging in my morning breakfast =). Happiness!
I would've stopped by Franny Lou's Porch sooner but thought they opened up at 10am. Currently on Google, it states the coffee shop opens at 8am-4pm everyday! Will be back!Great food and drinks (appreciate the nondairy options for smoothies!), we just arrived when a lot of things were sold out. I hope next time we go we can try their bbq mushroom sandwich.Hate to give a local place a bad review because we have been trying to support during quarantine. Been here a few times and each time I've been underwhelmed with the food and customer service. The specialty coffees are good, regular coffee would never recommend. Food is expensive and you don't get your money's worth. Featured in the picture, a "grilled cheese" which was described as being very cheesy. This was around $8.One of my new favorite coffee shops, I wish I could take it with me to my area! 
Franny Lou's is the cutest community coffee shop that offers a wide range of creative lattes, cafe drinks, and some delicious breakfast bites. What stands out is their interest in serving the community -- they attach a tiny flyer with your food order with positive quotes and happenings!
I tried 2 lattes, both named after positive historical figures and also really delicious. I only got to try the almond croissant but it definitely hit the spot! The barista was soo cool and friendly, loved her vibe. They play good music and there's side walk seating as well as a cute backyard garden!I love this place for its neighborhood charm and amazing and tasty lattes. And let's talk about its menu titles!  So clever. Came here couple of times for a latte and would come back more often if lived closer. But would plan to come back when in the area again! 
The place also gives back to community--check its IG/website.This place was super cute and I appreciated the relaxed vibes while I sipped my coffee and ate my blueberry muffin. I feel like Philly is such a chaotic place, so I was happy to find a slice of peace in this crazy city.This place claims to be "Anti-Capitalist" but if you order a red eye, expect to be charged separately for a shot of espresso and an ice coffee (which is in the order of 6 dollars, almost enough to catch an uber to a different coffee shop). Everything in here is over priced and everything takes twice as long as you would expect.Adorable cafe with a fairly extensive menu. There were a lot of creative options (including an apple butter mocha latte, which my partner got) and with names like "Pro Community" and "Anti Capitalism," you know their values immediately. They are dedicated to sustainabilty and fostering connection with the Earth, which is awesome. 
I got the oat milk latte and a croissant, both of which were delicious. The drinks came out in mason jars with crochet coozies, and I found this to be a lovely touch (and in line with their value of sustainability)! My partner got the Anti Capitalism sandwich, and it was incredible! Egg, cheese, greens on focaccia bread. It took a lot of self control not to order one to go!
They also offer locally made goods, such as mugs, ancestral healing cream, and more. With both indoor and outdoor seating, this is the perfect place to grab a snack and a cuppa!I was happy to support a Blacked Owned business. 
Loved the creative names for the menu items. The coffee was perfect. A bit pricey but I guess it's expected since businesses have suffered during this pandemic. 
I had the Anne Shimojima and it was perfect. Not overly sweet or bitter, just rite. I also had the bacon, egg, with greens sandwich and it was good and filling. My co-worker ordered a muffin with butter and was charged $1.50 for butter which caught him off guard but he did say the muffin was fresh and good and loved the coffee. 
I will definitely be returning to try something different.I found out about Franny Lou's about a year ago. We were in lockdown so I was looking for new places nearby to try and support. Now I'm back at work and even though I can't walk here from my place, on my days off, I go and get one of their tasty iced lattes; I try new ones every time, and if I'm hungry I grab a Anti-Capitalist sandwich with Porch dressing. It's the kind of place that you wish you could walk too from your house, but if it's not; still give them a go for a bite and drink and feel good.A friend recommended this cafe for their Storytime for kids event so I decided to arrive a little early to grab some food while we waited for the event to start. Staff was very warm and the food and pastries were delish. So glad we found this little gem; it's a black owned business so happy I was able to support. I also got to meet the owner and her kids and overall was a good vibe! Definitely going to return!Franny Lou's is without a doubt one of my favorite spots in all of Philadelphia. Franny Lou's menu is my favorite because of its unique menu titles such as the anti-capitalist sandwich (which is delicious) and the James Baldwin latte (my go to). Their coffee, sandwiches and pastries are yummy and the overall vibe of the place is very cozy and welcoming. They have plenty of vegan and vegetarian options.
I also love how involved Franny Lou's is with the community and I love how the community supports them back. I'm so happy that they were able to survive the pandemic!