The place where franklin's stands now, has been playing russian roulette as a lot of earlier tenants have come and gone, but i hope franklin's is here to stay ! It's quite a laid back neighborhood  place with bunch of screens where u can even catch ur favorite teams play.
I don't know how long the deal is gonna last , but franklin's has the best happy hour deals on this side of the Schuylkill ! A lot of juicy 0.25 cent wings we gorged upon ferociously whilst trying to pay attention to the bingo numbers being called out in the background , on once a Wednesday. 
With a tonne of seating and an uber friendly staff  that goes along with a solid beer choices and a bunch of well drinks on the cheap , Franklin's certainly makes for one helluva night out in the burbs of east falls ...Well, now that the menu has expanded beyond the bar menu I'm less than impressed.
The food isn't fresh and most of what I've had wasn't even made to order.
The last time we went the service was not good, the food was less than average and the atmosphere is not what I would hope for for family dining.
I wouldn't recommend Franklin's to anyone anymore. In fact I'd encourage friends to go somewhere else.
I wish them all the best, but I won't be back.I love, love, love this place.  Great food, excellent beer selection, friendly people.  And it's just around the corner from me!We stumbled into this place the other night since we had just missed the train, and it was just a couple blocks walking distance from the SEPTA stop! (Luckily, since it was about 20 degrees outside!)
This place was the closest thing I've seen to my favorite hole-in-the-wall bar in Tennessee - since I moved to Philadelphia from Tennessee! It was Karaoke night, and the locals sure did pull out their vocal chords and turn on their dancing feet. 
We got a half-sized Victory Golden Monkey and a pint of Miller Lite for about $10 and just chilled here for an hour. The bartender was very welcoming and friendly, and chatted us up a bit. 
If I get stuck in East Falls once again, I know where I'll go.Great little sports bar with cool games like ski ball, basketball, hockey, and darts. I got a mixed drink that was served in way too small a glass tho :( Pretty nice beer selection tho :) Big seating area in other room and a nice roomy outside patio/deck, but the view is of train tracks but whatevsThe food is "JUST OK"
 only thing here worth traveling for is the different beers on tap and good conversation
In response to the GM who responded to my review
it's impressive you stand by your staff
But my opinion is my opinion. and I stand by what I wrote... I took shots at no one
But your request that I stay away, will be honored!
Best WishesI have been been to Franklin's quite a bit since they opened, probably around once a week. This includes when they opened with a limited menu, while they now have a full menu. This is where I think Franklin's runs into trouble - it seems that they can't figure out what kind of restaurant they want to be. 
If you take a quick glance at their menu, you'll notice that the prices are slightly high when considering this is the same place that has among the cheapest (and longest) happy hours that I've seen in a while, in addition to $2 Miller bottles all the time. They have Skee-Ball, basketball, and a golf game in one half of the restaurant, then they have a "regular" sit down part with the menu that I mentioned above. 
The service is great, the manager is always friendly when I'm there, and the food is good....not great. I think they went overboard on the TV's, but that's just me. In addition, they have a good beer selection (including your usuals and some rotating micros/crafts). I think they need to decide, and pretty quickly, what kind of crowd they are going after and what kind of restaurant they are going to be. A combination of a sports bar and a nice sit-down restaurant just doesn't seem like it's going to work, especially considering where they are located (an out of the way location that's not going to get passerby traffic).It's a real shame.  Franklin's has all the potential in the world to be a great spot, but somehow they always manage to mess it up for themselves. The building has been switching owners and names for ages now. 5 different bars have been there in under 15 years which is starting to make me think the place is cursed!
The atmosphere is pretty relaxed, the beer selection is top notch and the bar games they have are a blast to challenge your friends to...but in the end it comes down to the quality of service and the clientele...and in both cases franklins fails miserably.  From the terrible food, to a handful of very ignorant employees, the people at franklins simply don't know how to appeal to their customers.  Speaking of customers, it's the weirdest combination of obnoxious entitled college kids, neighborhood low lives, and full blown drug dealing gangsters from north Philly. It's like the people that have been flagged from every other bar in a 10 mile radius come here to hang out. The weird crowd spells a recipe for disaster in my opinion and is probably a major contributor to the fights, muggings and robberies that happen there on a fairly routine basis.
I wish the people at Franklin's would get their act together because it has SO MUCH POTENTIAL...but until that place undergoes some serious changes they won't be seeing me back in there.Good atmosephere, solid food, great beer selection. I've been here several times and have always enjoyed the food and drink. This isn't your Friday or Saturday night place to be, unless you enjoy very small crowds. To me, it's more of a good place to come for a happy hour or if you're just looking to have a few drinks. Overall thought it's a great bar.I like Franklin's. Good food, good atmosphere, good prices. What I think would make me LOVE Franklin's would be the hiring of proper wait staff. You can't have the bartenders waiting tables too. Tonight, my friends and I sat at a table in the dining area for 10 minutes. I then had to go to the bar to ask for 4 menus. We then had to each go up to the bar to order food (b/c the bartress said it was "easier for her"), then we had to go up to the bar and get our checks and pay the bill. That was after waiting 15mins thinking that someone would bring the check. If this were solely a bar, I would understand. However, you market yourself as a family restaurant too, so if I'm at a table, I expect table service. Not bar service. That being said, come for the food. But keep in mind you may have to work a little to get served.Excellent selection of beers - especially if you're into IPAs. Pretty good bar food...I mean, it all tastes the same after a few beers anyway. Great parking situation with probably 50 or 100 spaces between their own lot and plentiful street parking. Plus, it's stumbling distance to the train station in case you've had too many and need to head home.I'm keeping this at a four, but it is within shooting distance of a five.
Same great beer selection and overall positive attitude. The burger I had this time was much better than the previous burger. 
The manager, Dave, came over to us and talked with us for about an hour about his goals here and in the neighborhood. He seems to be truly involved, interested, and driven to turn Franklin's into a quality place that no longer has the college crowd. If you get to talk to him, you will hear great stories from a pretty cool guy who loves his job.
If you have an issue, bring it up because Dave only wants to improve his restaurant. I said earlier that it wasn't in contention of being that go-to spot, but it definitely is now.Very cool bar not too far from the train.  Good beer selection, a beautiful outdoor deck, decent food  and lots of bar games.  It seems like a good neighborhood bar.  I've had fun both times I've been there (it's not in my neighborhood).   If I'm in the area again I would definitely stop by.Really salty pretzels and I didn't like how the manager spoke to our waitressThe experience was interesting. I went to drink while I drafted a fantasy football team. I walked in and the place was pretty empty, except for the bar itself. I put my stuff on a table and went to grab a drink with my friend. We waited at the bar for probably 5 minutes, no bartender in sight. When she finally arrived, when helped us promptly and got us taken care of. We ordered food and she asked where we severe sitting to make sure she could bring it to us.
In the main dining area, there was another server in the room, but for the first 30 minutes or so that we were in there, I didn't see her get off her phone. As such, we had to go back to the busy bar to get our refills  (we graduated to pitchers in order to save time). I ordered wings to eat. They were good and flavorful, but not great. Overall, a decent experience. I think it could've been better if they amped up the service a bit.And despite fearing for my life driving through the "alleys" this city considers roads I made it. So I came here for a happy hour with some of the girls last Friday around 6 or so. The place was reasonably empty so it was easy for us to grab a table. The bartender was nice and pretty quick. Only downside was there was no real drink specials, there was 50 cent off all drinks I believe and some kind of mango wheat beer that a few of the girls tried and weren't fans of. Considering it was National Tequila Day, I would have hoped they would of have something on special.
I ended up ordering a strong bow cider and the pretzel crusted chicken fingers and tater tots. It was delicious ! The chicken fingers were actually REAL chicken. Not frozen sticks that someone just threw on a tray. Thank you Thank you Thank you for that! Thanks for the tots as well, it was a nice change for the drab fries that always come when you have the typical, sandwich, chicken finger order. 
I'd make the trek again and you should too!$4 Jack Daniels singles $7 Jack Daniels doubles half priced cheesesteaks and many more specials on Wednesday's! Love this place for their prices and bartenders--not to mention their amazing food!  The staff: Kira, Christian, Rachel, Keith, Danielle, Kosher, and Kevin are always so personable. This is definitely a neighborhood place, so maybe that's the reason some people give it bad reviews? Either way, I could never say a bad thing about this place. Definitely stop in during any day of the week for their great burgers, beers, and deals!I've been there to eat and drink on three occasions now all of them have been absolutely wonderful. The atmosphere is ideal for me. Comfy sports bar, plenty of TVs, excellent music playing and the food is real good for bar food. One of the best things about this place was that it's got so much going on with the music, TVs and bar patrons yet it's never too loud to have a conversation. 
Although, one tip coming from a chef, add some kind of spicy aspect to your fish tacos. They're very good as they are but from my personal and professional opinion, I'd add something spicy. Clearly it wasn't a huge deal since I still have a 5-star rating.A fantastic beer selection and always big on space. They have a diverse menu, but it feels as though it is lacking something. Their specials rotate every couple of days.
The prices are fair as well. However, something is lacking to make it that go-to spot, making it memorable. Each time I've gone, I've had a good time, not a great time.Blonde bartender spent more time on her phone than tending the bar. Food was ok. Not worth another visit.Love this place.  Good food, good beer selection and great atmosphere both inside and out on the deck!  Our one year old is content to sit on the deck for a few hours and they allow dogs, too.  Great place!I'm new to the area and the first restaurant I tried was Franklin's. Their food is really good and their bar menu is impressive. I have taken family there as well and they enjoyed the experience and food. I have been there at night and while the music can be a little loud, their late night bar menu was good. I am looking forward to eating on the deck later this spring and summer.Huge thumbs down for new menu. Chefs definitely are not tasting their own cooking.I was refused from ordering food at 3:30 pm on a Sunday because I forgot my id at home. I have taken friends and family there several times in the 3 years I've lived in East Falls, with or without ID. When I questioned why I would not be served food the assistant managers response was something like "it's our policy" but more like "I have never seen you here before"  whatevs. I won't be back. Poor service.Food was good and the people are so friendly. We just moved to the area so it was really nice to have a bar with nice folks in walking distance.I'm marking this 1 star and would give it 0 stars if I had the option.
I would like to start off that the services at this bar is below average at best. I'll give you my 3 reasons on to why I gave this a low rating.
1.) We had a family event for my cousins birthday and we all put in food orders. Well I put in an order for a pitcher of beer. We had to wait 30 minutes before the pitcher was even brought out to our table and the waitress did not offer any apology or reason to why there was such a delay.
2.) The day we attended the bar it was actually NFL Sunday opening weekend. I simply asked the waitress for the wifi password as most bars have on for customers. She proceeded to give me the wrong information and i asked for assistance. She told me " too bad" and walked away. We had to reach out to a completely different waitress who gave us completely different credentials for the wifi. (The correct credentials I might add) 
3.) As the night was winding down my cousin wanted to get a shot. She wanted a Cinnamon Toast crunch for the both of us. We simply asked the bar tender for the shot. He responded by saying he does not know what that is and refused to make a shot for us. (He was very rude and just turned around to assist someone else after saying this)  It wasn't until we were about to walk out that he asked his buddy what the shot was and how to ring it up. He did not apologize, he simply just grabbed the necessary ingredients for the shot. I advised him that we would not be taking the shot and proceeded to walk out. On a related note most bars know what this shot is and any bartender she be knowledgeable when it comes to what shots are popular. So this may be an example of how unqualified for the position this bartender actually is.
In closing, I simply won't be going back to this bar, as there are many other local options available. The staff is disrespectful, is not knowledgeable, and service is slow.As of late Franklin's has seem to be less reliable then it was just a year ago. The food remains tasty and the bar service has been impeccable but the table service has begun to be an issue. On our last visit there were multiple problems with our server. The most troubling of which was when we ordered fried cheese curds for our appetizers we were served their buffalo fried mac and cheese balls. After these were quickly dropped off at our table, our server ran away before we could even examine the food. Whether intentional or not (we were one of two tables on the porch, so I can easily see it not being intentional) we had to wait for 5-10 minutes before our server returned so we can even ask about this mistake. Her response? "We don't have cheese curds anymore, we're working under a new menu." So why did you substitute something (that was nearly twice as expensive) without asking? Is the rest of our food going to be similar substitutes since we ordered from a menu they were apparently no longer serving? My fiancee hates spicy food so this substitution wasn't acceptable for her. The waitress didn't do anything to correct this problem and treated the problem as our mistake for ordering the wrong thing. It's a simple mistake and I actually enjoyed the mac and cheese balls, but the attitude that it was our fault for ordering from the menu we were given was the problem. 
As far as positives, the food is rather tasty even when its something we did not order. The burgers are delicious and well cooked, and the roast beef sandwich is also great. The beer selection is great and has a nice range of breweries and styles. The various happy hour specials are good and the atmosphere has a nice range of quiet and relaxing during off hours to fun and energetic during busier happy hours. 
Overall Franklin's is a great place for a beer but if the service doesn't improve its going to stop being a great place to eat as well.This place has a HUGE outside deck.  Franklin's borders the train tracks so the view isn't very nice.  On the inside there is a bar area and a large dining room.   They had a decent beer selection and the food looked pretty good.  The bartender was moving a a sloth's pace and that's the only negative I saw at this place.4 stars if for no other reason than everything is so corny/awesome/amurrica.  See: Sloppy George sandwich, Von Steuben Reuben, etc.  I usually hate that kind of stuff but Franklin's menu gave me a really good laugh. 
The service here was great.  Our waitress was a gem.  Very friendly, funny and helpful.  Atmosphere?  Pretty fun because they have a huge deck, fun games (skee ball!!!), multiple bars, and a dining room. 
Franklin's has a killer selection of craft beers on tap and a great selection of bottles, too.  If you like beer and are in East Falls you need to get here.  There was a nice mix of people there.  
I showed up on a Friday at happy hour and they had great deals- including a free buffet?  I didn't indulge but it looked like a lot of soft pretzels and fried goods.  My friend got the reuben and said it was great.  I've heard it can be hit or miss, but he said it was definitely a hit when we were there.
Can't wait to go back!You will not find better wings anywhere. The traditional buffalo and their bourbon hot wings are especially good. Great, ever-changing selection of beers. The bartenders are very helpful with recommendations and will give you lots of samples to try. Laid-back, neighborhood atmosphere and the staff and owner are very nice. Be sure to try the hummus plate. It is better than you would expect to get in a bar with food. Lots of room to spread out with friends.If you are over 23, and have a sophisticated beer palate beyond IPAS and fruity beer, avoid this place. Service is horrible. Bartenders are more concerned with counting tips they don't deserve, rather than actually servicing customers. Bartender actually poured me a drink in an old glass half full of melted ice because he was too lazy to give me a fresh glass. Then took offense when I pointed it out. Too many alternatives here to make this worthwhile.Franklin's, Franklin's. What are you doing?!?! The food used to be pretty damn good. Very good selection of your typical bar foods (burgers, cheesesteaks, chicken sandwiches, wings, fries, etc.) A few months ago the owner decided to change the entire menu. They got rid of cheesesteaks and nachos. If you ask me, I'd say they're two very important menu items for a bar to have. The new menu pretty much just has burgers, chicken sandwiches, a few appetizers and some sort of calzone/stromboli. Not to mention, they upped the prices and do NOT give you french fries with your sandwiches anymore. So the $8 chicken sandwich that used to include fries is now $10 and only includes these oily potato straws. If you want to add fries it's another $2 bringing the $8 chicken sandwich to $12. It also seems like they lowered their portion sizes. Overall, it seems like the owner is struggling for money and now trying to squeeze his customers. I work and live close by so I used to love going here but with the new menu and the higher beer prices I will not be back. 
 Bring back the old menu, lower your beer prices a little and you will get more business. The new menu sucks.Wings. So goood. Mac and cheese. Amazing. Sammies, tough to beat. Seriously though get the bourbon sauce for the wings. It's the best I have ever had. 
Nachos suck tho. But. This place isn't made for nachos. 
And the porch is dog friendly. So that's perfect.I've only been here during lunchtime on the weekdays. Whenever my coworkers and I want to eat out at a restaurant for lunch, this is our go-to spot.
In the past, the menu was so complicated to read. For example, to order a cheeseburger, you would have to call it a "wich" with add on's. However, we were here two weeks ago and they revamped the entire menu! A cheeseburger is now called a cheeseburger. The waitress recommended the "tots" with my burger. She said everything was made in-house now including the fries and "tots". That's good to know...but what was I eating before? Anyways, the "tots" were really delicious -- the spicy mayo sauce was so good! 
The staff is always friendly. Service is fast. Highly recommended.This is a great place to sit outside and enjoy a drink and food. The menu is limited but everything is really good! They always have yummy craft beer on tap and in bottles for take out. I go here all the time with friends and the staff is always very friendly and helpful.$1 drinks on friday nights with the college crowd. This place is a reliable neighborhood bar wtih minimal character. It's right next to the East Falls train stop, so you can get a buzz on before you get your train. Cheers!I gotta say this is the my second time here and I really like it like the the first time I was here. I had a excellent experience. The staff was very nice in my opinion. The food in my was great.. Even the French Onion soup that the girl next to me ordered looked good. It's a very nice place and I recommend this place. I can't wait til the warmer months so I can enjoy the patio. The place is  very spacious and it is a nice crowd of people on a Friday night. I didn't get a chance to meet the owner/manager like the Yelp reviews say. But overall I really like this place.I've been to Franklin's a half-dozen times since they opened and I've enjoyed the food every time. Since I moved to East Falls last spring, I've been trying to find my "wing place" and now I can say that Franklin's is it. 
The wings are good and crispy and drenched in their sauce, which is the way I like 'em. In addition to the wings, Frankin's offers the usual Philly bar fare: roast pork and roast beef, burgers etc, but also offers poutine, which for the uninitiated, is basically gravy fries with cheese. 
The beer selection is good, the jukebox is good and the hot shot basketball and skee-ball games are great. I'm looking forward to next summer when I can sit on their deck, drink beer and eat wings.Pro: Big outdoor deck. Good beer list. Friendly staff.
Con: Food can be pretty hit-or-miss, especially the more ambitious menu items. I once ordered risotto - big mistake.
Pro/con, depending on your view: Heavily-promoted college nights. Lots and lots of TVs. Extremely limited vegetarian options unless you want nachos for dinner. Dog-friendly (outside). Cigarette-friendly (usually at least a few, and sometimes a lot of smokers on the deck).The bar started with a perfect little pub menu.  Now that they have expanded to a dinner service the only thing serviced in the trash can.  We recently stopped in on a Saturday night to an empty restaurant.  No big deal, it was a last minute eat and run.
The onion rings (Pub Fare) was good, along with the French Onion Soup.  The rest was less than tolerable.  The canneloni was under cooked, the "Roasted Chicken" was a disaster.  It was definitely reheated from a previous night.  McDonalds does chicken better.  The sides were hollow dried out (reheated) potato chunks.  The beans were not completely clipped and they were from TWO different batches.  Some were completely cooked, the rest were still raw.
Drinks and a night of low expectations is the theme here.  Don't push a dinner menu if its not digestable.Being new to the East Falls area, I was excited to find such a cool spot in the most random area. I headed here with a coworker for happy hour and was thoroughly impressed!
Yes, this bar is located by the train tracks, basically attached to homes of the neighborhood, but if you are from the city, none of this is strange. From the outside the place looks like it would be a total dive, but you walk in to find a surprisingly huge bar, with two rooms, bar games and excellent music bumping!
We came for an early happy hour at 4ish and the crowd definitely kept growing and was full on poppin' by 6 pm. Thankfully we had acquired seats in prime people viewing area, so it was nice to see the vast array of people that happen to frequent here. They have decent drink specials, $4 Jack well drinks and $3 beers. I was most impressed by their nachos - which we ordered and I swore I wasn't hungry.....until I saw the mound of guacamole and melted cheese dripping off a chip. I was sold!
Overall, had a nice time, it is a great place for either a big group or to just hang by the bar. I am looking forward to coming back when the weather is nicer to check out their deck as well.I came here to celebrate my friend's birthday and in the midst of all of our bar hopping we ended up stumbling upon Franklins and what a great stumble it was! We really enjoyed ourselves. Franklins is a nice size bar that offers good food, chilled atmosphere and great music for those who are in their late 20's and 30's
When we arrived it was somewhat a good amount of people there. Its basically a large space with TV's that all had sports on. They also had a dj that played some good music it was definitely on and poppin lol! Our waitress was very friendly, my friend ordered a vodka and pineapple juice and since I love drinks with coconut I asked if she could make something with coconut in it and she told me she'll whip something special up and that she did. My drink was delicious it reminded me of the islands! 
The food was also good and it came out hot! I ordered the short rib grilled cheese, tomato soup and tater tots. I have to say that grilled cheese was one of the best sandwiches I had. The bread was crispy and buttery, the meat was flavorful and it was ooey gooey cheesy, it literally got better with each bite. The tator tots was crispy with the right amount of seasoning and my soup was just good.  My friend also thought her food was good as well.
 Overall in the words of Guy Fieri I was definitely on the road to flavortown at Franklins. I will definitely come back to enjoy their good food, music and atmosphere and you should too!I'll say this place has some killer happy hour specials.  Discounted cheesesteaks and wings on certain nights.  Food came out hot and was tasty.  Great accompaniment to the draft beer selection they had.I was stuck waiting for my car that was being fixed last week it was pretty hot out and I had my dog so we stopped here for lunch on the patio. Everyone here was really friendly and the service was great! Someone (manager/owner?) moved a fan over for us and the server brought a bowl of water a few minutes before they even opened. The nachos were huge and really good and there is an awesome selection of beer as well. We will definitely be coming back for all the great drink specials! Thank you guys!The new menu is a giant stink burger. There are zero vegetables and we had to run home to bring some healthy food for our son. Seriously, "we don't do side salads anymore"!?
My brined chicken sandwich was a glop of grease and the chicken tasted like a hot dog. I got through three bites before giving up and spent my evening feeling nauseous.
Service was equally bad and our server ended up comping a beer after our sandwiches took 30+ minutes.
Probably a nice binge drinking spot for the under 25 student, but not for families. The previous menu was ok and Franklins was the only watering hole close by that accepts credit cards.
For those that remember Arena's, I won't be surprised if Franklin's meets a similar fate of escalating noise complaints, a mysterious conflagration and alleged insurance claimThe deck, parking lot and skee ball take this spot from a 3 to a 4.  I agree with the others that aren't nuts about the food.  I see the problem as inconsistency.  I've actually had decent food here - I've also had awful food here.  My fix for this - get the fries and one of their good craft beers on tap, play some skee ball and stop complaining.  You're in East Falls people - not Manhattan.Slowly becoming regulars here after moving into the neighborhood last month. Great selection of local beers and the food is consistently awesome (favorites are the Mahi Mahi Tacos, Sweet Bourbon Hot Sauce Wings, Chile Nachos, and of course the TOTS!) Their weekend brunch is also good. Reasonable prices. Nice bartenders (especially Kim!). We will keep coming back because they never disappoint!This place is awesome! I cant wait to come back and try their other foods! This was my first visit, we had pretzel encrusted chicken tenders and quesadilla's and both were super tasty! The service is awesome and its great sitting out on the deck in the sunshine! This is a hidden gem in east falls and i look forward to being a frequent visitor!Whup. I think the Troegs day has switched from Tuesdays to Thursdays, and if I'm still correct Monday has this ridic 50 cent wing night (which is my favoritest thing because their wings are DELECTABLE) ... but there's always something special going on at Franklin's so you should just head on in and see for yourself!Came in tonight and had a half priced burger and $5 blue moon. My bartender, Christian was super nice and personable. Definitely will be coming back again!I visit this location every month for an event that I attend. However, it seems the bartenders are responsible for running it all...tending bar, clearing dishes from tables, running food, etc....which means that getting a drink is a total nightmare and takes forever in the main room. I love the food and drink but just wish it didnt take sooooo long to get anything when we visit. We are there every month and its been getting worse. Hope they can ask for additional staff on this one night per month.Good decor, nice beer selection, lots of screens and a great deck.  Also service is super friendly and efficient in getting my food.  I love to play the jukebox and that they have one is excellent.
That leaves one problem: the food is not really that great. I have had burgers and chicken fingers that were so-so. It wasn't that satisfying. Now I know that is bar food, not fancy restaurants, but there are restaurants that exceed in the food quality and most bar food usually has something tasty to keep me coming, but I haven't found here in Franklin's yet.The bartender with the long hair, ERIKA is extremely rude and ignorant! She is a mess! It's sad because my friends and I spent a lot of money in this place on more than one occasion, practically every Friday for the past year and my friend was treated like garbage by the bartender and one of the security guys! I will never return and I will continue to inform all my friends and family how ignorant staff was! She needs to learn her job, she could have caused a lot of issues had someone signed my friends tab due to her negligence of leaving it on the bar instead of holding on to it until my friend returned! My friend almost signed someone else's tab she put on the bar as well! Paying customers are NEVER wrong! Be careful when opening up tabs if you decide to go to this horrible place!!!!!!Ah, one of my go-to places when I'm at work (or immediately thereafter!). Great spot by the train tracks in East Falls--a swift hustle from the train station. They also have a private lot and usually a good bit of street parking.
The food is dern tasty. I've sampled pretty much everything on the menu and it's all freshly and finger-lickingly prepared. *Favorites include* classic buffalo wings, tater tots (yes! I said tater and tots!), the chicken or crab quesadillas and the burgers. 
I swear they done gathered 'bout 5 or 6 of my best uncles in that kitchen and they get. 
it. 
in. 
One time I even tried someone's fish and chips and chirren--the fish was piping hot, crispily fried and SEASONED. Usually folk don't know what to do with fried fish, but this isn't the case at Franklin's. 
The drink specials vary by the day--Troegs all day Tuesday is a good'un though! The Happy Hour specials are nize and there's a solid variety on tap. 
There's usually an event each night of the week--Quizzo on Tuesday nights, karaoke on Thursdays. If you enjoy people watching (i.e. side-eyes 'n snickers!) as much as I do then add one of these nights to your rotation. 
Seriously though--it's a really diverse, friendly, easy-going crowd. The place can get rowdy and rockin' some nights, but in spring and summer you can always bounce to the large deck for a quieter flow.
The service is pretty decent, and is pretty much what keeps this in the 4-star slot. I'm normally with larger parties, so I understand how challenging that can be--especially during happy hours. I've also been for lunch a couple of times and the service has been excellent.
I'm not a regular, regular, but Franklin's is enough of a sweet spot kind of place to make me keep trying to become one.I've gone to this place 3 times in 3 weeks. The 1st time I went on a Tuesday and my family and I got the chicken cheesesteak special. The food was really good and our waiter was cool. The 2nd and 3rd time we went on Monday for their $.50 wing special. The wings were ok, definitely not great, and the waitresses on both occasions were a hot mess, talking fast and loud and just plopping the menus and straws on the table. I can't take dealing with crackheadish behavior from waitstaff sooo my family and I will probably not visit a 4th time. Too bad we didn't get the same service our last 2 visits as we did during our 1st time. My fiancé and I were really excited about telling our friends about this spot after our first visit but we completely changed our minds after our last 2 visits...sad because this place has potential.I have had mixed experiences here.
They have a decent beer list, at reasonable Philly prices.
Food is typical bar food. Perfectly fine if you are drinking there anyway - not sure if I would travel for it. I live two blocks away, so hey, works for me. It's perfectly fine, tasty bar food, but nothing crazy.
Service is, well, hit or miss. One bartender I've seen a couple times - a youngish guy who looks like a skater always wearing a backwards ball cap - is always awesome. Very quick to refill drinks, friendly, and even remembers me despite the fact I'm hardly a regular. Really great guy, I would give him five stars without a doubt!
Why I only gave this two stars, as a server/bartender myself, rather then four, is another regular bartender. She is average size with dark hair, and while as a server myself I am very forgiving regarding service, the time she was there I very nearly stiffed her. She was talking with some obvious friends - which I totally get and would forgive - until a back of the house employee (maybe a busser or dishwasher came out) came into the dining room.
This bartender spent the next forty five minutes verbally abusing this fellow employee to his face, and to her friends, loud enough the entire bar could hear. It was absolutely unprofessional, and uncalled for. She was downright bullying this employee to the point that I, as a service industry employee fully aware of the stupid jokes and casual ribbing that goes on among restaurant staff - was appalled. It is unprofessional and outright disgusting.
This wasn't my first issue with this bartender, she seems to go out to Chain smoke leaving the bar unattended and is incredibly slow to get refills, but again all forgivable things in my book. But that experience was too much for me.Do not go here to eat. I got a turkey club with fries. The sandwich was tiny and dry. The fries were limp , cold and completely unedible. My girlfriend had the veggie pizza. The toppings were not aweful, but the crust was thick and so tough you could barely take a bite.
And do not go here for the atmosphere. Some of the patrons were loud and obnoxious. Fu*k was the second or third most common word heard around the bar. 
If you are not hungry and want to get drunk with other drunks this is the place for you.Love coming here! The bartenders are always attentive and friendly. Weds at the front bar was so much fun! Michele was our bartender and she kept the drinks flowing. Awesome beer selection. I have dreams about the short rib grilled cheese! Sooo good!I really want to give Franklin's 3.5 stars but considering I've given In Riva and other neighborhood restaurants 4 stars, I had to round down. 
Pros/"Yay!":
Literally 3 blocks from my house. But convenient parking lot for those who need it.
Ice cold air conditioning (it is amazing with this humid heat wave summer!)
Spacious layout- two bars and large dining space and nice sized patio outside. 
Large plasma TVs everywhere - perfect for Philly sports.
Specials - they always have a couple good drink ones and they do FREE food on Friday happy hours...like a legit buffet! Hands down favorite was the fried chicken. They also place large baskets of soft pretzels at the bar. 
Nice staff- I am not a regular per se but my fiance and I are in there often enough that we are at least recognized and taken care of as regulars-ish. Funny thing is that we are not quite there enough for us to always remember names and vice versa. 
They have poutine - cheese curds and gravy over fries. More of a winter time comfort food but cool they have it. Other favorites are the quesadillas (hearty portion) and the chicken Caesar salad (chicken is something I am SO weary of at restaurants but it came our charred and juicy and flavorful) and finally, the Turkey club and the wings. 
They have a good juke box and they play the music as loud as I want it!
Cons/"Meh": 
The decor or ambiance- now let me preface this by saying that they've tried to make it charming and cozy and unique and I do enjoy all of the George Washington framed paintings and the local photographer framed art of East Falls. Maybe it's simply all the space they have to work with but I don't love the dining area...at all. It makes me want to opt for the bar every time. 
I've had subpar food there. Dishes I recall being less than delicious were the veal parm sandwich and the worst was the salmon wrap (almost no flavor at all, uncooked black beans...still wondering why I didn't send it back) and both times I've ordered burgers medium or medium rare they've come fully cooked and on a cold bun.  Sucks because I want to get creative and keep trying things on the menu but it's hit or miss sometimes. 
Noise level - the open space lends itself to semi-hollow sounding chatter, especially in the back bar. I personally don't mind it but don't come on a busy night expecting a quiet beer or dinner. 
The damn skee ball and basketball games in the back bar are loud as hell! I'm all for games like that accessible to patrons but again, with the acoustics of the place it is like a big joke when someone goes to play and it's annoyingly loud. 
Bottom line, discerning Yelpers may at first enter and be less than blown away by Franklin's but the more I'm there, the more I appreciate what the owner has already accomplished and continues to work to do: to create an atmosphere where anyone (and I mean anyone) from our neighborhood can frequent this place, feel welcome and enjoy a game and a solid bite to eat. I dig it and I'm glad they are here.In the reviews below, you can read about how Franklin's is settling into the neighborhood of East Falls and figuring out exactly what kind of bar it will be. Personally, I love this place and I'm writing to vouch for its willingness to work with other organizations to host events. The space itself is great with a few separate rooms, warm decor, a large deck and HUGE parking lot (very rare for East Falls and Philadelphia in general). Fran, the general manager, is a really nice guy. He's been in the bar business for a while. I work at a university nearby. Over the years, I've worked with a lot of different bars in the area to plan university events. Unfortunately, the stereotype of the scummy bar manager is what I've always run into - except for Fran. He doesn't take advantage of his clients in any way. He's never too busy to talk you or answer any your questions and he makes sure his staff follow suit. Whether your event is big or small, contact Franklin's because they'll work with you to make it a success.I had the cheesesteak egg rolls and fries which were delicious! My friend had funnel cake fries (Yes, funnel cake fries!), and I can't wait to go back to have my own, they were sooo good. The drinks were exceptionally priced, the atmosphere was cool...I think I've found a new spot thanks to DJ Ali! www.djaliphilly.comOnly three stars because they have a great beer selection and the nfl ticket, but that's it. Unfortunately their food is over priced and twice I got their burgers and they were both burnt. How you mess up a burger is beyond me. Go here for the drinks and games, but stay away from their food.Loveeeeee this place!!! 
Be sure to join my team for a great night of Speed Dating 
Great Menu- Try the Sweet Bourbon Wings 
Great Drinks and Drink Specials
The Bar Staff is awesome: They know my name and my drink 
Tell them Deja sent youI enjoy coming here on Friday afternoon's for Happy Hour with fellow teachers. 
My first time there I noticed a little sign that read "Welcome Teachers," which I thought was nice. I ordered a roast beef sandwich that tasted awesome. We enjoyed a few shots and I had a few long islands. The drinks aren't impressive or anything, but the service is always good and there is always plenty of room for our group, which sometimes includes over 10 people. Karaoke is also nice when they have it. There's also a mini arcade area, which is cool. 
I'll be frequenting Franklin's and I hope to sit on the patio when the weather gets nice.It breaks my heart to say I may never go back to Franklin's. The food and the atmosphere are great but can't make up for the truly terrible service here. Unlike a recent reviewer who keeps going back despite the slow service, I don't think I have the patience, and I will miss the fried pickles.
On our most recent trip, we didn't even get to the food. It was a gorgeous night to be outside, so my wife went in to get some menus and alert someone of our presence. 10 minutes later...nothing. I went into the bar to order and neither of the two guys behind the bar looked at me for several minutes. When one finally asked me what I wanted (after serving two others who came up after me), I said we were outside he said he'd be right out. I was ready to give my order right there, but he wouldn't take it. Well, when he didn't come out in two minutes, we left. We ended up at another place in East Falls where the food and drink weren't as satisfying but at least we got food and drink.My husband and I checked this place out Sunday--what an asset to East Falls, and right around the corner from our place!  They seem to be working out the menu, but the food we ordered (nachos and poutine) was good, the staff was friendly, and the building was pleasant to be ing.
I don't know what the previous reviewer was talking about with respect to beer options--the tap list at this place is HEAVEN compared to most of the options in the area (the only one that I think I would rate higher is Falls Taproom, and that because they rotate and have more local options).  We enjoyed that there were 4-5 choices each for the standard stuff (bud, miller, etc), imports (spaten, etc) and craft beers (local options, seasonals, etc).  They had pumpkin beer on tap during the fall, which signals to me that they are trying to appeal to a more educated palate.
We will definitely be back--I hope to see some more local craft brews on there in the future!They fixed the menu.  Poutine is back and that makes me happy.  I still don't know hat a "GoodWich" is, but you can at least get a cheesesteak on a Tuesday.  They have a good tap selection as always.  I would still like the "revolutionary" menu items to come back, but Franklin's righted the menu to a decent level and that's all you can really ask for.The three stars is because the have a half decent beer list. The food is worth two. I ate it, but definitely wouldn't place the same order again. 
I got the Buffalo chicken tenders with tots. The tots were freezer burned. The tenders were fine. It is a large portion for six bucks, but I don't think worth it. 
I'd say if you go, be sure you just plan to drink.Great Neighborhood bar.  I like the openness and the random diversity of the people it attracts on an given night college kids, neighborhood professionals, to groups of professors that I had a cool time with one night.  I have come for happy hour and also after a night out in center city, it's always the same - cool, friendly staff that overlook your drunk behavior of you and your obnoxious friends...LOL
I like the beer selection, wish they would have more craft beers from the local area.  When I am in the mood to eat, the food is consistently good and I like that it is laid back but on the weekends gets a little rowdy.    In the summer, the outdoor seating is cool.  
If you are in the area - go in have a beer and check out the vibe.I've been here twice for parties so I've only ever had the buffet. The cat rescue that I volunteer with always has their annual banquet at Franklin's. The party buffet includes pasta, meatballs, chicken parm, salad, bread, and eggplant. The food is just ok, and I don't like the eggplant at all, but I do like the atmosphere in this place. They also have a nice beer selection, including Guinness!We have come here since it opened. The initial menus had things like risotto and meatloaf options. They scaled the menu back tremendously to include more bar type foods. The burgers are ALWAYS solid, very good. The "bar pies" are like pizzas and are delicious. They serve tater tots and not fries with burgers and such. They are SO GOOD! They always have a great local beer on tap but will sell out of the great beers quickly! The environment is cool, the staff is great, my kids love it, and the giant TV screens make it a great place to watch sports. They also have great events such as karaoke night and quizzo. I do wish they add a comfort meal or 2 to the menu.Hey Tony, your replying SHOWS you care, and like I stated it would get 5 stars if the draft beer was colder. I'll ask for glass chilled next time and perhaps on your end you can put the kegs in some ice or something.Good wings, friendly staff, and solid beer selection. Pizza was terrible, atmosphere was okay, and parking was easyLove this bar, always has a drink special and entertainment every week like karaoke and quizzo. Food is great, roast beef sandwich is mind-blowing. Just beware of Friday nights, it's college night and PACKED.Visited Franklin's for lunch today around 11:45. After about 30 minutes, the bar filled up quickly with many teachers getting out of school (last day). Only one bartender was on at the time and hustled the entire time.
I always enjoy the food and atmosphere here, but I was especially impressed today with the original bartender and the second bartender that came in just before I left. 
Will definitely continue to come back for the food and the great staff/service!We got there a little after 10 pm, & ordered chicken fingers for dinner, and then cheese cake & chocolate cake for dessert. Chicken fingers were freshly made & reasonably priced ($8), and the cakes were yummy, but the best part was the homemade whipped cream. The cheese cake came with Chambord whipped cream, and the chocolate cake (which was incredibly rich) came with Amaretto whipped cream. Both were amazing! 
I had vodka Cosmos (which were delicious), and few different beers. the drinks were reasonably priced, and they had a good selection of beers (including my favorite, Stella). The atmosphere was fun- they had a dj & football on most of the TVs there, and it was kinda loud, but it still felt like a neighborhood bar. The staff were very friendly and attentive. Needless to say, we will definitely be returning soon!Bingo. Beer skeeball and quizzo. What!? Fun place. Food is pretty good. Eat outside in warm weather with your dog! Its gets pretty bro though during school season. Love it in the summer though.Nice ambiance, good beer and food too.
Service was ok.
I would return.Great service, nice staff and bar tenders, good bar food, and inexpensive beer. What more do you need?By far the best wings I've ever had are from here. The buffalo sauce is perfect and the wings are actually have meat on them! 
During the summer they also have a crab quesadilla which if I had to choose one thing to eat forever it would be that! Hands down the best quesadilla I've ever tasted. It should definitely be on the menu everyday during the summer and not just as a special.