This review is only for the pierogies. I know, how did I not get a hot dog at a place called Franks? But, the homemade pierogie sign won me over. They are nicely salted and stuff with potato goodness. Get it with the sour cream. Yummy and quick!Services was ok but the perogies were homemade and very delicious. It is also 2 for $2, so it is a no brainer to stop here amd have some. I will definitely be returning for more.There are so many good places at the terminal market... pass on this place unless you like corn bread.  If you do, just buy the corn bread and run.  There is nothing else here that is worth your time.  The food is not bad.  The chicken was moist, but it had no flavor.  The mac and cheese... way over cooked... the noodles were soggy.  The green beans were over cooked as well.  The lemonade... not good.  Corn bread... very good.   I would only buy corn bread from this place in the future.I love the mac and cheese and corn bread here! But, like the other reviewers, the service is awful. The staff is incredibly rude and not helpful.I should have taken the hint of how bad the food was as soon as i stood in the empty line and watched 4 women argue on whose turn it was to handle the only customer in line. They used very little words. Just pointed and grunted. 
Their food was disgusting. The meatball sub tasted as if it was sitting for weeks. The meat was pale. When we returned the $7 meatball sub (2 meatballs on a long stale roll) and asked for something different. The lady rolled her eyes and said "It good. Fine, what you want?"  We picked mac and cheese. They practically tossed the container at us so we can leave. Then she shoved the meatball sub at us and said "Eww take it. We no want it". If you won't eat your own food, why the hell are you selling it to people who can potentially get sick from it. 
I tossed the mac and cheese in the trash can. Never ever will I eat or even look in the direction of that so called "food" spot. And I've lived in Philadelphia all my life. The worst food. The worst customer service.Working another show means eating another fast meal.  The show itself was at the famous Trocadero Theater for Jersey Shows Battle of the bands.  I really just came along for the ride this time.  And just helped out a little when it came to load in.  After half way through the show, we decided to get food.  So my friend Kevin suggested that we go a few blocks down to the Reading Terminal Market. 
The Market is huge and has a lot of vendors and little restaurant stands.  It is a amazing place for a person like me.  So many choices to pick from and all of them smelled delicious.  Unfortunately we were on a time limit.  So we had to pick the place with the smallest line.  Which left us with Franks Alot. 
Frank's alot is a basic American BBQ spot. It seems to blend different items from different areas of the BBQ world.  From your basic Hot dogs to BBQ chicken.  It does seem that Frank is just a name sake.  There was no one who could be frank in site, unless he is a little Asian woman.  But the service was good and fast.  I got a Texas Tommy, which is basically a hot dog with cheese and bacon wrapped around it.  Apparently their version was a little different.  It has the same basic elements.  The difference is in how it is made.  Usually the cheese is wrap around the dog.  Then the bacon is wrapped around the cheese and the hot dog and it is cooked that way.  They just threw the cheese on bacon on.  It still tasted the same. So in the long run it really wasn't to much of a problem.
All in all the meal was nice and satifying.  So I would say that Franks Alot is  Fat Kid tested Fat Kid approved. 
As always stay peckish my friends.I have had the pierogies here and they are pretty good but what I really love are the BBQ chicken wings.  They are so tasty. They taste like they have a sweet glaze on them, which is really good. Today I tryed the mac and cheese and it was ok.  Nothing special but kinda good if that makes sense...lolI went there today and had pizza fries and beer battered onion rings. They both were the worst thing I tasted and had to grow them away.
The onion rings had no taste in batter and also it didn't have any salt or pepper or any other seasoning. It was so oily it was like eating oil.
Pizza fries had fries with tasteless cheese and a marinade sauce. Normal French fries from McDonald's are 100 times better than this pizza fries.
People seemed to order grilled chicken and I think it should be good
I didn't try as fries and onion rings killed my moodI was stuck in Center City during an awful rainstorm, and in this weather, your most inner cravings come out. My stomach wanted: pierogies. I thought.. where in the city can I grab a to-go, tasty, reliable batch. SO naturally I did a Google search my phone and it pointed me in the direction of this place. "Menu highlights include Charbroiled Hamburgers, Italian, Polish and German specialties.... Polish kielbasa and pierogies." And the fact that it was located in Reading Terminal, I thought without a doubt, these would be delicious. Boy was I wrong.
Confused when I spotted the place, it seemed more like a sports bar & grill rather than a diverse food spot. Graphics of flames over-took the menu boards and 5 Asian ladies working behind the counter. I was expecting a grumpy Polish man, in fact I was really looking forward to that. I ordered the $6.25 platter which comes with 5 pierogies and two sides (I chose mac n cheese + green beans). The piergoies tasted stale-crunchy, not good-crunchy and barely had an filling in them. The taste was OK but I was severely disappointed that I ended up with 5 sad, flat looking piergoies. :(
Probably won't come back here again for this, but I will be sure to check out their hot-dog/wings selection.Incredibly friendly staff and they had the best Salmon Burgers I've ever taste!  Corn bread was also delicious, but I think they gave me too many french fries (felt wasteful)I went here yesterday and bought some chicken wings, mac and cheese & cornbread, everything was superb, finger lickin good, so good that I may have to stop down there again today for some more. So if you want to give yourself a treat. This is the place to go.I loved the baked chicken and mac and cheese, so the food was good. The people here aren't the best. They're impersonal, even rude, and aren't helpful. If you decide to order here, don't expect great service. I would really need to be in the mood for he baked chicken to go back.I've been coming here for years just for the bbq wings. They are so addictive. I'll usually get about 2lbs to bring home and share with the family. Nothing else here looks appetizing enough for me though.i cant speak for the franks.  but, those bbq glazed baked chicken wings are outta this world.  try it...  pretty damn amazing.Had the chili dog.  If you're a fan of a true Coney Dog their chili will be too thick and meaty for you.  However, if you don't have any idea what a Coney Dog is then you'll be fine.  The Pierogies on the other hand were very original and tasty.  Could go back for those as a snack by itself.  Be sure to ask for sour cream or some other condiment because unless you ask you ain't getting it.Summary: Okay food, terrible service
I was looking for a place to grab a bite to eat with one of my friends who works in Center City, and hadn't been to Reading Terminal (RTM) in a while, so I figured that it was a great chance to head back to this veritable food Mecca.
After getting totally lost somewhere in the lunch rush, we finally came by Franks-A-Lot, which he had been wanting to try for a while. This place is mostly classic American, serving BBQ, chicken, hot dogs, along with a few Polish items.
The line wasn't too bad (~3-4 minutes), and when we got to the front, the fellow taking orders helped us make our selections quickly. I got the pierogi platter, which includes 5-6 freshly made pierogis, 2 side items (I got the mac & cheese and the potato salad), and a drink. My friend got the turkey burger. Everything was priced reasonably, and I paid 7 dollars and change for my platter while the burger was around 5 dollars.
However, our experience went sharply downhill the moment we got to the checkout counter. I don't mean to stereotype, but the Asian lady handling the register was probably the meanest and worst person that I have ever had to deal with at a restaurant. She was constantly yelling at customers (including us), she snatched money/credit cards from people's hands, handed bags to the wrong people and then literally ripped them out of their hands when she realized her error, and even made a young 5-6 year old boy ready to cry. She accidentally gave him my friend's burger, and then just made a very horrible looking face and yelled something in another language, as if it was his fault that she messed up, and ripped the bag away from him. It was truly... shocking, for a lack of a better word to describe it.
Once we got past that horrible check-out line, we (miraculously) found a table in the seating area and got to the food. My friend said that the burger was decent, albeit nothing too special. As for my platter, the pierogis were over seasoned and very tough, while the potato salad was passable. The only redeeming element in the tray was the mac and cheese, which was above average. I understand that I'm not paying for a gourmet pierogi, but still, there have to be some standards. Unfortunately, I found none.
All in all, I just hope that this was a bad day for them, and hope to try them again in a few weeks to see if it was just a one-off thing.
Tip: At RTM, try to avoid the afternoon lunch rush if at all possible - it's really bad between 12-2 PM.So good! I only got chicken tenders (I know, lame) not only were they good, but I got a side of mac and cheese and the apricot corn bread. It was amazing. The corn bread was moist and warm. The mac and cheese was also very tasty. Reading Terminal Market is a bit overwhelming but I'd definitely give this place another shot!Garlic wings were great.  It comes with 2 sides and a drink for $11.95Next time I'll skip the cole slaw...........it really didn't have much of a taste except for sugary.  Very weird.
The onion rings were okay, you get 5 of them.
I really liked the corn peach corn bread which runs about $2 and something.
I'd go back again.
There's no place to sit down here...........you have to be lucky to find an empty table in the middle of the market, or an empty booth and eat standing up.Pierogies were tasty. didn't have a hot dog but would totally eat a ton more of the pierogies. Wish they had a little sauce out to put on them. Also couldn't find any silverware to eat them with either.After walking around the whole, I picked franks because the bbq chicken looked silly good. 
I ordered a couple things and I'll give them individual rating: 
1. Chili hot dog: 1/5, I think dc hot dog trucks are better
2. The potato-filled-dumpling-looking-thing: 3/5, it was average. I ate it without sour cream. Tasted like Mash potatoes in a dumpling.
3. BBQ chicken: 4/5, this is legit. The skins got a ton of flavor. Would eat againThe BBQ wings here are perfection! The have right balance of crispness on outside and tenderness inside.  They taste like they are cooked on an authentic coal BBQ grill. The sauce is also the right balance of tangy/sweet/spicy but not overpowering. You can also order sauce on the side. 
My other favorite is the cornbread.  It is very moist on inside and cooked just right (golden brown) on outside. 
We ordered Mac and cheese as well.  I will say it was average.  Not bad at all, but nothing to rave about. 
Overall, great fast takeout service.  We drive 30 minutes to Reading Terminal just to get these wings!Franks is my default when I go to redding terminal.  Their honey glazed wings are off the chain!  I usually get a combo platter with 5 wings, Mac and Cheese and Corn.  These are the best full wings I have had!The best chicken, hotdogs, cornbread EVER!!!! The food  is sooo fresh & the place is always super clean. The staff is courteous and very helpful. RobertThe apricot corn bread is yummy!! The chicken is delicious!! It has a different taste than what we are use to when getting BQ chicken.My friends and I tried this place because we were in the mood to try the Pierogis! For a platter of either Pierogis or BBQ chicken, you can choose 2 side items and a drink for about $12. A decent price for the reasonable amount of food you get. The BBQ chicken was good and flavorful. The mac and cheese and fries were standard, nothing amazing. One of my friends had a hot dog and she thought it was really good! My Polish friend said the Pierogis were pretty good too! 
The food was just average. I feel as if there are better vendors to try in Reading Terminal. Yet, Franks A Lot is still a good choice to try some Polish food! I would come here again for the Pierogis.I really enjoy this stand! I've had the chili dog, barbecue wings, and baked garlic wings. I wish I could replicate the crispiness on the garlic wings. They're simple delicious. The chili on the chili dog also has a unique flavor.We ate here a little after lunch time.  Ordered the corn bread, perogies, potato salad, and macaroni and cheese.  The corn bread and macaroni were really good.  The corn bread was sweet and moist.  I could have eaten another two pieces and been great!  The macaroni was baked and pretty tasty.  The potato salad was very bland and had way too much dill in it.  The perogies were cold and stale.  Very disappointing considering this was the main part of the meal.  I'm sure if they would have been hot, they might have been good.Whenever I dont pack food for lunch, I always go to Franks A Lot. It's right across the street from my work place so it's really convenient. The line is extremely long during lunch rush hour but I think it's all worth it. If you want to avoid the rush hour, try going after one. My personal favorites are the bbq chicken wings, cornbread, and hot dog. You can't go wrong with these selections!!! 
Happy Eating!I stopped by Franks on a recent trip to Philly and enjoyed a pretty darn good lunch.  I ordered a plate of pierogies with homemade sour cream, mac-n-cheese and green beans for sides, and threw in a piece of banana cornbread for a sweet final addition.  All of it was really good.I went there today and had pizza fries and beer battered onion rings. They both were the worst thing I tasted and had to grow them away.
The onion rings had no taste in batter and also it didn't have any salt or pepper or any other seasoning. It was so oily it was like eating oil.
Pizza fries had fries with tasteless cheese and a marinade sauce. Normal French fries from McDonald's are 100 times better than this pizza fries.
People seemed to order grilled chicken and I think it should be good
I didn't try as fries and onion rings killed my moodThis place really disrespected my BBQ chicken sandwich.  I was expecting an extra delicious experience and wound up with two stale pieces of bread, two small pieces of chicken breast, and BBQ sauce on the side.  Immensely disappointing, wish I hadn't paid for this garbage.  I'm still hungry... 
Oh, and the Mac & Cheese isn't great either but I had to eat somethingI was starving and I went to the first place that dd not have a funky smell and I'm glad I did! I saw perogies and instantly ordered that. I got homeade mac and cheese and fries as my side, although I wish cornbread was a side (and thats why its 4 stars) cause thats what I really wanted. The fries were fresh off the frier. Brought half my meal home with me. When I return back to RTM I will be sure to go to this location again!I think the weather brings out odd cravings. First hamburgers, now hot dogs. 
After a horrible bout with internship, I hurried out of that building for a hot dog, plus tea -- reviewing tea spot right after this. 
I got to Frank's early so I witnesses the ladies prepping the meals of the deal. Everything was steaming hot and looking very tasty. Too bad I  wasn't in the mood to eat anything heavier. The hot dogs were not ready so I told them to take their time with it. Didn't take long at all. 
I took the two hot dogs, kosher, with the side of fries to the tea spot. It was a bit chilly a couple of weeks ago but the dogs were piping hot by the time I got around to them. They were very tasty and the fries were more than enough. In fact, I had to waste the fries because I couldn't eat them all. If you have children or just a child this would be a good lunch to chow on because it was plenty for me. 
Now, about a few days ago I went back again and guess what I got. Two hot dogs minus the fries. I caught them when they closing but I wanted something quick anyways. I WILL try their other dishes. Trust.The first time I went there I ordered a meatball sandwich and an order of french fries. The amount of fries was more than I would have expected and would have been a sufficient meal by itself. I also like the sausage and peppers. As with anything you get at Reading Terminal Market, get the food "to go" as you will have to walk with the food and search out a spot in the seating area.I got the platter for $12.20. The platter had a thigh, wing and two legs(BBQ chicken) w/ two sides(french fries&mac and cheese) as well as cornbread which costed me an addition of $1.55. The total cost took me by surprised because I thought it would be like $11.50 total, however, no. And on the menu, it said you would get a roll with butter. However I didn't get that which was weird. The food was okay. The BBQ chicken was the best, but their mac and cheese was typical and fries were like any normal fries. Their corn bread was good though. In all, it was okay. I don't think I would get it again.Meh. Impatient service. Impersonal. Guy cleaning counter over food. Server touched rolls with her hands. Cashier handled money and then touched food. Chicken tenders: nothing special. Italian sausage: bland. Over priced. Try another place.I had the pierogi platter. First of all the food was cold. The pierogis were way over seasoned. They forgot the sour cream even though they said it was in the bag. Sigh. Had high hopes but really awful. The salad was okay though. Wouldn't return.Skip this place! The only reason why there's always a line is because they are so slow to serve! We waited an hour in line thinking this place must be good because of the number of people waiting and the somewhat positive reviews on Yelp (although few). Big mistake. The food here is just edible. I don't think I would ever come back.
After waiting an hour and another 15-20 mins for the mac & cheese to finish cooking, we sat down and expected to enjoy some good BBQ wings. Nope. We bit into some DRY, BURNT wings and felt sooo ripped off of not just money, but precious time that we will never get back. *sigh* 
- BBQ Wings: dry, burnt, no flavor inside
- Mac & Cheese: undercooked and nothing special
- Sting Beans: steamed and a little salt sprinkled, meh
- Pierogies: they boast it like it's their specialty but it's just fried dough. bland and I don't see what's so good about them?5 pierogies, 2 sides and a drink for $8.99. I got double Mac and cheese as a side it it was well worth it. Not dry, baked with that good crust, what more can you ask for?! Pierogies were small but good! Seared on both sides with a side of sour cream and you can call it a day.My apologies for bothering to disturb you with my business.  I was the only one there and four people were behind the counter.  When I asked to put in an order at the cash register I was bruskly told to go talk to one of the other workers.  When one finally did take my order she made it seem like I was a total inconvenience to her.  With all of the other options in the Reading Terminal Market I would steer clear of this one.The choices are good. I had the bbq chicken with green beans. The chicken was dry but the green beans were great. They were not the friendliest behind the counter.My son really wanted Mac and Cheese. They had it prominently displayed in the counter cases. The problem was that it had a crusty top. He likes soft mac and cheese without the crust.
He nicely asked them to scoop from under the crust and they obliged. They even let him taste it first. They also gave him a free chicken wing when he expressed interest in them. He ate both up, and went back for seconds on the mac and cheese. 
As a dad who often has his kid order something only to change his mind and toss a perfectly good sandwich out I really appreciated how accommodating they were to a fussy young man.The pierogis were cold and hard, the mac and cheese was oily and the coleslaw was flavorless. Do not recommend. Although service was quickAll that I tried is the buffalo wings and cornbread. The wings were so good I went there 3 days in a row. The place is small but they have a lot of stuff. Check it out if you're in Reading terminal.Fast and good. Mac and cheese didn't look too good but was tastyhoney glazed chicken wings!!!! I think probably one of the best I have ever had!!! From the second I saw these wings which sat innocently in a tray behind a glass partition my mouth immediately started salivating. Next my patience began to wear extremely thin as I had to wait for this obese woman in front of me to make up her mind as to what she wanted to eat. Finally after what seemed like an eternity (probably like 5 min) I finally got to order my wings! They were everything I had built them up to be and then some. The sugar in the honey had burned to the already crunchy skin during their cooking process giving it that extra crunch. The inside was cooked fully and still juicy and full of flavor. I think I can safely say out of the 5 or 6 places I tried in this place this was hands down the best. I would just like to emphasize that this review is solely based on their wings and nothing else, sadly nothing else seemed too appealing.Should probably lose half a star for being so hard to find on yelp. 
Still not sure what the theme for this place is. Hot dogs? Bbq chicken? Who knows? All the food on display looks ridiculously good. That being said the food is only acceptable. This is unfortunate because reading terminal has so much to offer that I wouldn't waste a trip with this joint. 
Had Mac n cheese, cabbage and the BBQ chicken. The BBQ chicken looked fantastic but was totally bland. No BBQ, smoke, salt at all but it was well cooked. The mac was okay. Tasted sugary for some reason. The cabbage was probably the best of the bunch. 
I'm from the south though so maybe this style suits the local palettes. Definitely too bland for my taste though. 
Service was quite slow for scooping out food from under a heat lamp. Food is acceptable if you absolutely cannot wait at any other reading joint. But hell, they're slow enough that you could just wait in the dinics line.I have to say the cornbread here is a everything.
I love the apricot but lately I've had to settle for the pineapple cornbread.
They have great honey spicy chicken it's full of flavor and it's great.
They don't charge by what you order is instead they charge by weight so keep that in mind when you order.Just went to this place for the first time and was generally satisfied. I felt the food was rather basic in comparison to the many other vendors. The cashier was nice however other staff seem to be busy with administrative tasks. The prices are decent and they offer hot dogs, burgers, chicken and other sandwiches. I would go back however try something else.I had really high hopes because the food looked appetizing but it was a BIG let DOWN!
The young guy serving the food seemed a bit irritated and unfriendly. I ordered the chicken wing platter w/ two sides and a drink. The BBQ chicken wings was not good. Maybe ate two pieces. Mac & cheese...no comment. The string beans were okay.
It's disappointing when you visit the Reading terminal and miss out on good food.
I'm giving it 3 stars because the cashiers were really nice at the end.I decided to stop by today. I'm glad I did. I ended up getting the bbq chicken platter. I also ordered a lemonade. The chicken is well seasoned and moist. The green beans are juicy. What I could've done without was the roll. The lemonade is fresh and tasty. While waiting I got to hear someone sing from behind the counter. Free entertainment lol. I'll be back to try the cornbread next time.Good food wonderful staff. Quick service. Just a lack of seating. As it's in the classic reading terminal market. But a great place to get a good sausage sandwich. Decent prices and quick service. You gotta visit the reading terminal market in philly and immerse yourself in the local culture!!I highly recommend the Italian sausage sandwich! The people who work here are also nice. Good place for a quick bite...Ima keep this review real brief an professional cause I believe the FBI is watching my Yelp. Because the last review I posted suddenly deleted. But this place is located in reading terminal (Mecca of the indecisive dickheads) which was me & my gf today. I wanted ms tootsies but there wasn't a 2nd floor to get a shoulder rub at so I chalked that! I wanted alligator gumbo from Becks but NAHHHHH I wasn't feeling that badass today so I kept it real & regular an went to Frank A lots. For the first time cuz I wanted to try Somin new an lemme tell ya HWAT *hank hill voice* the bbq chicken was all that the Mac & cheese was all that & the spicy cabbage was righteous. The bbq wings coulda been more hot & more juicy but I got there like 5:30 so they prolly gave me the (get the fuck outta here to go plate) but overall that shit was hittin but no reason y'all cornbread should be 1.50 more that's really fucked on y'all part an the elderly cashier lady was alil mean to me an I was too cute today to be treated like thatWhat a shame when you make a bad decision on your one stop to RTM and this was it this past Saturday afternoon. $6.95 for what was to be a grilled bbq chicken steak sandwich was a couple small pieces of grilled chicken on a decent brioche roll and nothing more. Not only that, but they must have forgotten my order, since it took almost 15 minutes to be handed over to me. I had to ask for napkins and a fork for my wife's grilled chicken avocado salad (much better than my choice) and it came with a side of sauce (sweet, odd sauce - didn't use it). The sandwich was to come with onions too, but nope! To think I threw them a tip to makes it even worse. The 2 pierogies I ordered were OK, but they had been sitting around a bit, flat and pretty lifeless. Asked for sour cream and didn't get it. There was a decent line, so it was hard to jump back in for some, so I just ate them while I waited for my pathetic excuse of a sandwich. Lesson learned. Can't say I'll try my luck with another menu item based on this one experience. Next.Franks A Lot, or as I call it, the Asian girl-babelious Hot Dog spot, has great food. Hot Dogs are just a small part of the goodies served up by Russell's army of Asian hotties. The Sausages and the Texas Tommy's are great and so is the Chili. (order it with cheese and raw onions on top) They have a pretty decent grilled Hamburger and the barbecued chicken with the sweet glaze is a winner too. I like the Mac & Cheese, but the show stopper are the Onion Rings! Large rings of onion deep fried in a lite, crunchy batter, fantastic. There's a little secret about this spot that I'm willing to share with my fellow yelpers, so send me a message and find out. PeaceThe line was quite long at Franks A Lot, but the food was definitely worth it. The menu was varied; it was pretty much classic American food and pierogis, which happen to be one of my favorite foods.
I ordered two pierogis and onion rings. The pierogis had been sitting for a while, but seemed none worse for the wear. They were still hot, were nicely seasoned, and had a creamy potato filling. I had to wait a few moments while the onion rings were fried. I do not mind waiting for fried food, for this means that it is fresh - always a good sign. The onion rings were piping hot and flavorful. The sweet onion circles were coated in a thick batter, which was a nice change to the usual bread-crumbed rings found in most eateries. These onion rings were some of the most superior ones that I have eaten.
I would recommend Franks A Lot for their pierogis and onion rings, and if ever I am in the area and craving these food items, I will return.The first time I had the mac and cheese and I was like wow this is really good. The cheese was strong but not over powering. Basically it was just perfectly made. So I kept coming back for more and I ate it quite often and I went and got it at less three times a month. But the last two times that I ate it, the cheese was tasteless and the Mac was super soft to the point that it did not retain its shape. Wish they go back to the original recipe or go back to how they use to make it.Don't typically post reviews online but feel the need to give folks a heads up about this place.
Took 20 minutes to get through the line and place an order for a salmon burger. After waiting another 30 minutes, found out that they had given my burger to someone else. Was assured that they had a batch on the grill and that I would get my burger in another 3 minutes. After waiting yet another 10 minutes, and witnessing a series of epic clumsiness (dropping tongs and pans, and yelling behind the counter), I lost my patience (60 minutes in total) and asked for a refund.
In the hour that I waited, I witnesses numerous mixups involving other orders and stunning tardiness. The ladies behind the counter appeared inexperienced and flustered, unable to keep up with the queue and volume. 
Very negative experience.They microwave their cheese for their Texas Tommy and I got sick. Only took a hour for me to throw it all back up.Let me start out by saying that if I could give NO stars, I would
**Tldr: Friend goes to establishment. Employee made honest mistake, friend tries to exchange for correct order. Employee calls owner, owner angrily refuses to exchange/refund unless friend agrees that owner takes $$ out of employees' paycheck to fix problem. Owner offers negligible discount to reorder and pay a second time. Owner is non-Black, other people involved are.**
I sat and listened to a friend argue with the owner of this establishment for about 30 minutes. She went to the counter today and ordered grilled wings and received the incorrect kind of wings. When she walked the 10 minutes back to Reading Terminal, the man who helped her immediately admitted to her face that he'd given her the wrong wings and apologized. Instead of an exchange, he walked away and called a woman (we're assuming this was the owner) who said that because she took the bag and returned she was unable to refund or exchange her order.
She said, and I quote "You can order again and I will give you a 10-30% discount but how am I supposed to make my money if I refund for every mistake that is made? Do you want me to tell the guy who gave you the wrong wings that I'm going to have to take it out of his paycheck?"
My friend resorted to just taking the loss on the chin. I want to note that she has to work in a medical clinic for the rest of her shift without a lunch that she paid money for, and is also out $13 because this awful person threatened to take the money out of her worker's check!
I should mention that my friend is a black woman who speaks AAVE and this woman on the phone "seemed like she was non-black, probably Asian." It's not a stretch of the imagination to consider that her weird, unacceptable behavior toward both her employee and my friend were a product of racism.I read all the reviews here. My chicken was too dry. Must have sat out too long. The pineapple corn bread was awesome. But the mac n cheese was hands down the best ever in the world. Thats why I'm here. Searching on line for the recipe. I live in NY. And I will go back to PA for Frank's mac and cheese!!!I expected the bbq chicken sandwich to be more than a dry piece of chicken between two buns. No sauce or toppings. Highly disappointed considering how good the food looked in lineWent to Reading Terminal Market over the weekend and grabbed an Italian sausage from Franks.  Pleased to say it definitely hit the spot!! Looking forward to going back!  Pierogies were very good as well!I passed by Franks A Lot and saw there was tremendous amounts of barbecue food. 
My boyfriend and I had already bought a sandwich from Tommy DiNic's, but feared it wasn't enough so I got an order of the barbecue chicken.  The barbecue chicken was delicious. Moist, tender, juicy, and up-to-par. I wish it came with dipping sauces though for a a little extra flavor.If you like deep fried or roasted chickens, you come to right place. It is not cheap but you can buy by pieces. We ordered few garlic chicken wings and they just tasted so great. Definitely I will come back for others.Not a consumer of hot dogs, I would normally not choose this establishment  for lunch knowing "Franks A Lot" are the specialty.  However, it was recommended that I try a salmon burger served with sweet potato fries.  Being a vegetarian-seafood lover, (and Salmon my #1 favorite fish)... I am happy to report that it was "the best salmon burger" I have ever ordered at a retail food establishment.  A Real WOW!  I will definitely have it again the next time I visit Franks A Lot at the Reading Terminal Market and recommend it to friends.  Thanks Russell!!My review is soley based on the bbq chicken sandwich. When i think of bbq chicken sandwiches especially establishments in the reading terninal, i think of smoked, grilled charred meat slathered in some kinda homemade sauce with a little kick to it. Bread toasted on the inside and served, ready to devour and barely finish. 
Well....this wasnt it. 
From the outlook things look promising based on everything else being sold in the display case. Sadly the sandwich wasn't bad, but not 6 bucks good. I've eaten my share of bbq and the chicken seemed average prepared and the sauce was...plain. I really didn't get a bbq taste....not like the kind you would get even at Famous Dave's....but this was Famous Frank...clearly Dave's little cousin from his estranged fathers side of the bbq family
I will give them another shot but the chicken sandwich needs work.