I've been to F, S, S, twice now, once on business and once with my girlfriend.
The first time, we were seated downstairs.  Service was attentive but not over the top and the food was excellent.  I had the sesame encrusted tuna with wasabi and followed it with the petit filet mignon.  Both were cooked to my liking and the side dishes worked well with the main feature.  They got added points on this vist for Victory Prima Pils on tap.
On the second visit, we were seated upstairs.  I have to say that I don't like this area compared to the downstairs.  Too much purple and frilly material hanging from the ceiling makes the restaurant part seem a little odd.  It does however seem to work in the Tank Bar section.  I went for the Mussels with Italian sausage to start, these were very good.  A nice broth and some grilled bread added to the dish.  I was a little disappointed with the main course, the Cornish Game Hen stuffed with italian sausage, stuffing and potatoes.  It was a pain to eat and the stuffing was just meh.  I would avoid this dish in future.  My girlfriend went for the Mushroom soup to start and is the second person I know to rave about it and the Crab Cakes for her main, which also never seem to disappoint.
Service on the second visit was solid if not spectacular.  The server did all that was required of him and even noticed our table was wobbling and fixed it, when neither of us had picked up on it! 
The wine list is solid and boasts at only being $10 over cost.  This means there are a few gems to be found, Chablis at $31 is solid.  This time I went for the Pouilly Fuisse, which was everything it should be and reasonable given it was in the $40 range.  Sure, BYOB would be better, when isn't it, but I didn't feel like I was being ripped off like certain Restaurants (cough, James, cough).
Recommended, though I would probably go for a 3.5 if it was an option but it is undoubtedly more a 4* place than 3*.This is one our favorite date-night places to eat.  The ambience is great, the wine prices are outstanding, and the service is very good.  The food is also great - the only complaint there is that the menu could use some updating.
Things to try - the cream of mushroom is a staple, the ahi tuna appetizer is fantastic.  The filet was cooked perfectly (medium-rare - it's amazing how hard it is to find a restaurant that actually knows how to cook a steak).  We've been there maybe half a dozen times and have yet to have a bad experience.
One other tip - when you make your reservation, request an upstairs table.  The ambience up there is much nicer than the downstairs dining room.We went to F, S, S when we first moved to Philly 4 years ago.  At that time, the food was mediocre and the wine list was depleted (nothing we asked for was available).  We decided, given the new chef, to try again.  This time, the food and service were very uneven.  My wife's ribeye steak was excellent, but my duck was tough and chewy.  One of the waiters was obnoxious (inhospitable and superior in attitude) and the other friendly; neither knew a thing about the wine list.  Both told me to read the descriptions in the menu, which the owner had prepared. Two strikes and this place is OUT!The food is great but the staff at Friday Saturday Sunday really makes the restaurant a great local hangout. We had a late reservation Friday night around 10pm. Two bottles of BYOB wine later and it was 1am. Our tag team of host, waiter and manager never once rushed us to close. 
Bill, Russell and Dan....I will see you again!I have been eating at this amazing Philly restaurant for many years and it is my favorite. The upstairs  is a lot nicer for a date then down so when making a reservation try and get up there. I find Fri. Sat. Sun to be one of the best places for the price.Never had a bad meal in this joint. I always order soup here because I love the inventive choices the chef makes with ingredients.We went to FSS for Valentine's Day dinner, on the day after Valentine's Day. Due to other plans falling through, we had to find a restaurant on the last minute. Somehow, I was lucky enough to stumble upon an open 7:30pm reservation at FSS - they usually are booked well in advance. We got reasonably priced parking around the block on Rittenhouse St. (near 20th) and had a short walk to the restaurant. 
We were promptly seated and the waitress took our drink orders pretty immediately. They had a decent beer selection (I got an Le Fin Du Monde) and they have bottles of wine for $10 over cost. 
We started with the salad special (thinly-sliced Filet Mignon over mixed greens with a balsamic vinaigrette), which was very good. I had the crab cakes and they were outstanding. 
I can honestly say that this was the first time in a while that I was really blown away by the food at a restaurant. We will certainly return again in the near future.
I should also mention that the service was great - very pleasant and attentive.It took me ages to remember the name of this restaurant off the Square. Affectionatly nicknamed 'Weekends', I had come here on a date several years ago and remembered to take friends (or, actual people I liked) on subsequent visits. 
Although it's been a very long time, I recall it being very tiny, but we always managed to find ourselves a table. We were closely tucked in to each other and other diners, but not overly intrusive (like Mr. Chow out in LA). I always ordered the chicken dijon, which I thought was served with rice, but seems to be potatoes now. Even though I tried other items off of fellow diners plates, this would be my consistent go-to dish.
If I ever wanted to escape the flashy Starr establishments of the city, Friday Saturday Sunday would be my getaway destination.Shame they're closing, TANK BAR will be missed.  Dean @that bar is professional, personable - we'd follow him or stay if he's @ new incarnation.  Bar snacks goodWhat a great date night restaurant! They sat us in a corner booth next to each other rather than across, which was really nice. I asked my date if he planned it, but it's apparently just something the restaurant did. 
Now to the important part - the food! We started off with the dumplings which were delicious. Then I was dead set on getting the salmon, but my date asked the waiter if he had any recommendations. The waiter started gushing about the ravioli, which are made there fresh. At that point I could not not get the ravioli, and I'm so glad I went with the recommendation! The pasta was so thin I didn't know how they kept the filling in, but it made it so the dish wasn't ultra heavy. 
To top it off, there is a pastry chef on-site, and the creme brûlée was one of the best if my life! The date let me have the last bite, so he got a couple extra stars for that! 
All in all a great meal with wonderful service before heading to the comedy clubs nearby!I really enjoyed my dining experience at this restaurant.  The service was top notch... very friendly and helpful.  I started with the 5 leaf salad and it was excellent.  A perfect starter.  I then had the filet and it was cooked and seasoned perfectly.   I really enjoyed it.  For dessert I had the vanilla cheese cake which was delicious.  I am glad that I finally made a reservation here and will definitely be back.  If you have not been here yet it is worth a visit.From perusing reviews and from personal experience, this is the perfect first date spot.  Intimate, yet not too obvious.  Casual, but not aloof.  Nice, but not extravagant or distracting.  Hip, but quiet enough for conversation.  I recall my date saying, "I'm glad you're not one of those girls who only eats salad."  We closed the place down that night and celebrate 14 years of marital bliss this year.  :)Awesome eats!  Always something new, interesting and delicious!  Owners go above and beyond to please. Very cool mural art and hip decor.  Walk off your meal in nearby Rittenhouse Square.  Save room for dessert at this one, y'all.I had a nice experience at this cozy restaurant. The menu is a bit small, but there are specials to choose from as well. The staff was friendly and attentive. I have to say the mushroom soup was very good, lots of mushroom taste. Everyone in the group enjoyed their meal. I would definitely return to this charming little place.I just want to say to our server: hey buddy, you're a waiter.  Get over yourself.  My husband and I went here on the recommendation of a co-worker, and while the food was tasty, the service was bad.  Our waiter seemed to be offended that we didn't have our drink order ready right away and that we didn't order a starter.  We waited so long for our entrees that our second round of drinks came before them.  I'm pretty sure making people wait a half hour for their food is a trick to get them to order more alcohol.  My wine glass was cracked, and our waiter just took it away without an apology.  After he brought our food he never stopped at our table again to check on us.  Apparently our money wasn't good enough for him, although it did manager to pay for the VERY expensive food ($12 for a beet salad?! Please.  That's why we only had entrees.) I'd have to say that the food and the service is not at all worth the price.I met a friend at Friday Saturday Sunday for dinner last night. Before arriving, I reviewed the website to have an idea of what I would want to eat. I immediately settled on the lamb. The servers were super relaxed, which made the experience nice. My lamb came relatively quickly and was DIVINE! I typically love to eat lamb at Ruth's Chris, but have to say that the lamb at FSS was better. So, now I'm a fan! I do not live in Philadelphia, so just hope that I can find another great place to have some lamb. 
Thanks, RSS for a good meal and nice environment to enjoy my food! 
P.S. The sides were phenomenal as well!It's definitely a strange little place, particularly when you head upstairs but I've come to like it up there sitting around the pokey little bar enjoying a pretty decent beverage. I'm not overly enamored by my dining experience but have only eaten on one occasion so take that for what it's worth.What an amazing restaurant!!! Came here for dinner with my boyfriend for his birthday. We were seated upstairs which has a very romantic, cozy atmosphere. Everything from the food, drinks and staff was perfect!! Our waiter was Bud and he couldnt have been nicer!!! He was funny, efficient, and very helpful!!! My boyfriend is a real beer connoisseur and he was very pleased with the choices Bud recommended!! 
Also, the prices are reasonable, especially for the size of the entree's. I ordered the Salmon which was cooked to perfection. My boyfriend ordered the fillet which he said was excellent. 
At the end of the night, my boyfriend misplaced his glasses. Bud tour apart the seating area and even used a flashlight to locate them. I tell everyone I know to come here for dinner. I'm planning on returning real soon!!WOW!  I had never been to Friday Saturday Sunday, despite hearing awesome things about it for like 10 years.  My dining companion and I went for the prix fixe 35th Anniversary menu.   The food was amazing.  I had this fantastic starter Avocado Suzi (that is not on the menu regularly it was a special).  Oh man my mouth exploded in joy.  The poached salmon I had was fantastic as well.    Best of all, I got a creme brulee for desert and it was not super sweet--but really enjoyable.
The atmosphere downstairs is super cozy, booths surrounded by mirrors.  The staff is all friendly and attentive.  They all wore blue jeans which made me feel a bit over dressed.  Service got a little slow as more people came in but it was still not horrible.  
I will go back again.  It was a really enjoyable meal and I want to try so much more on the menue.After an awful experience at Pumpkin, my two besties and I ended up here for an AMAZING dinner. I had the bosc pear salad, the duck, and the blueberry bread pudding. My other two friends had the prime rib, the ahi tuna salad, the lobster ravioli and the pumpkin cheesecake. ZOMG. All of it was SUPERB. I'm not a huge meat eater but the duck was fabulous and the prime rib was to die for! wow...I kind of want to eat that for lunch today! The waitress was also wonderful and let us have a great evening without pushing us out of the restaurant to get the table!  This is one ofmy favorite places to eat in the city now and I will definitely be back! Thanks for a great evening!Food = great. Service = solid. Advertising 25% off happy hour drinks on the same chalk board that your special are on then claiming "sorry, that's only for the bar upstairs" = an unsavory end to an otherwise pleasant meal.The tilapia was amazing! Service was great as well. Love the romantic cozy atmosphere. Great for a date night or dinner with a small group of friends. Also get desert here :)3 1/2  I think I went in with my expectations a little high.  Somehow, I've never managed to go to Friday Saturday Sunday despite it being somewhat of a Philadelphia mainstay.  Everything was just a-ok.  The atmosphere confused me a bit, and I think it might be time for a bit of a spruce up.  
I had the ahi tuna which was actually very good.  I then had the dijon chicken which was good, not great, and I felt like it might be something I'd make at home.  Id o appreciate the small v. large plate option.  Often I feel that I shouldn't order an appetizer or salad because of the size (or cost) of the entree.  With the small plate entree option here, that hesitation is removed!I have been here three times now and each time I find it to be good, but not great. Everything tastes fairly mediocre to be honest. The mushroom soup is the best thing on the menu and does live up to the hype, but the steak, crabcakes, etc. are all just "good". Save the money and go somewhere else or spend the money just in a better place. Also, I am completely blown away by all the people who say this is a "romantic" place. There is absolutely nothing significant about the decor.  This sounds like an awful review and I don't particularly mean it that way. But the place is only average at best.
Although, I attended a company party at Friday, Saturday Sunday and they took amazing care of us. So the biggest upside is for sure the service.I chose this place to surprise my fiance for his birthday.  When we arrived at the restaurant, I was surprised!  It was the first time for the both of us to dine here, and as soon as I walked into the place, I wanted to walk right out of the door.
The decor just doesn't make sense.  Upstairs, there are a bunch of mirrors and Christmas lights.  Ill-fitted, crusty cushions provided the seating.  Everything was so dirty.  Dirty.  Dirty!  It was distracting and I felt very uncomfortable.  Still, I heard some good things about the food, so I was willing to try it.
The service was terrible.  Our bread was brought out, but without plates.  I felt like we were bothersome to our waiter.  He was nice to us, but I felt that he would have rather been somewhere else.  The music selection was also terrible: club hits one moment, and softer music the next!!! Someone needs to stop playing his iPod at this place!
My fiance ordered the fillet and I ordered the chicken dijon.  When our food arrived, it was presented nicely.  The fillet was supposed to be cooked medium, but it came to us medium rare.  My chicken was ok, but I felt like I was eating food at someones mediocre wedding. I was willing to spend money on a nice meal, but the $61 bill didn't seem worth it. 
I was so embarrassed to choose such a place.  I really wanted to have a nice time with my loved one, but instead it was uncomfortable and I couldn't wait to leave.My wife and I were in Philly for a couple of days and selected Friday Saturday Sunday based on some of the reviews.  We were very happy with our visit.  We arrived about 6:30 on a thursday and the restaurant was just starting to get visitors. We had made a reservation and we were given a nice corner table.  The restaurant is small and decorated with mirrors, making the space appear larger.  Overall the feel was nicely intimate without feeling cramped. As starters I had the cream of mushroom soup and my wife had a daily special - a grilled calamari and bell pepper salad with a lime based vinaigrette.  Both were very good.  The soup is made with finely minced mushrooms and has a wonderful earthy taste and consistency.  The calamari salad was light and flavorful, and the calamari were nice and tender.  For main course we went with the small plates, wanting to leave room for dessert.  The small plates are a good choice if you want a lighter option.   Had the lump crab cake, and my wife had the butternut squash ravioli.  We both really liked our dishes.  The crab cake is exactly as advertised, just a lightly breaded generous patty of lump crab meat with no filling.  It is served with a spicy pink sauce and a salad of carrots and some other pickled root.  
For Desserts we had banana cream pie and chocolate molten cake.  The portions were large but the dishes were not as good as the rest of the meal.  The pie was a bit bland and molten cake was not warm.   The total with coffees, a beer and a pellegrino came to about 120.  So a bit expensive but the food was very good and flavorful.  Overall we were very satisfied.VERY good! The best pork chop I've ever had. Thick, tender and delicious!! You can barely see this place from the street. You go in and go upstairs. It's a very nice place. Great service. Awesome food and drinks. Hubs and I had a great time. Definitely worth a visit!!I never go to the same restaurant twice. Except Friday Saturday Sunday. During my four years in Philly, this is literally the only restaurant I ever voluntarily revisited when choosing where to take someone to dinner. And every single time, it was always a great choice.
Take a date here, and I promise you, you'll have an awesome night.
The food, the service, the atmosphere... Trust me. Just go.People are obviously enthusiastic about this establishment, and rightly so. They've really been around for an ungodly amount of years. What other restaurant in the area can you say is 30 years old? We talk about the Philadelphia dining scene in single digits, for the most part.
The place is literally a block from my apartment, and I honestly didn't know it was there until I walked a different way home one day. Its tiny and unassuming, on the corner of Rittenhouse Sq (the actual road) and 21st. It blends in with all of the other old row homes. 
We walked in on a Friday night around 7:30 expecting to able to sit right away-it was one of those nights, go somewhere semi casual where we won't have to wait. I have to say I am fairly sure we got lucky because when we walked in with out request for a table for 2 upstairs the response was, "well, if you have a reservation." The host was gracious enough to check for us and then give us a detailed outline of a potential wait-which wouldn't have been too bad, but then told us there was a bar table available. That was out bad, I should've been more clear-the more causal the better-and so we sat at a perfect little corner table upstairs near the bar. The bar with the huge fish tank.
The first thing my boyfriend said was that the place reminded him of a European cafe, maybe something you'd find in Amsterdam. Really tight, low ceilings, no fancy or designer decor. I have to say that resonated with me-I feel like I was transported back to my trip the the Netherlands. The tiny corner table was just what we wanted.
If you sit at the bar, you order from the bartender. Though he was busy, he was very friendly and accommodating to us. We ordered our food and couple glasses of house wine to start. Being beer drinkers (snobs), I would say that we skipped the 3 taps for lack of excitement. I guess this isn't a place that fits in with the typical Philly craft beer scene-though, they were here first so I'll let them have it.
The food came out and we were blown away by the mussels, probably the best I've every had. Yes actually, ever. I am pretty sure because they were cooked in mostly butter. But duh, butter. We also shared grilled veggies and the fish special of the day which was a cod with "Mediterranean sauce." The veggies were up my alley-not all the typical grilled veggies you'd assume but included fennel and sweet potato. The fish-not so exciting. It tasted "healthy," and what I mean by that is a little bland. 
We enjoyed our food, a perfect amount of food for two people, and chatted with some locals. The couple next to use raved that this was their favorite restaurant that they'd been frequenting for 12 years-and they lived across town. Try the mushroom soup! They said. Next time... next time. Honestly, I would come back here, but probably only under the same circumstances of relaxed/casual bar table in the cozy little corner near the fish tank. I don't see this place as being somewhere I'd take someone I'd want to "impress" with the Philly food scene, but someone I actually want to talk to an enjoy a casual meal out with.I am a big fan of this nifty little restaurant just west of Rittenhouse Square. I book an evening every time Restaurant Week comes around and invite different family and friends each time. The service and proprietors definitely make the dining experience that much more enjoyable. From the appetizer (I usually get one of their salads), dinner (huge fan of the filet mignon) and their dessert, I haven't been disappointed once! I will definitely return!1 star because this restaurant is racist.
(I'm asian)
My boyfriend made reservations for us at 6 PM for our 3 year anniversary dinner. The atmosphere was very romantic and perfect for the occasion. We were seated upstairs in a cozy corner, and were the first people seated in the area. The waitress came to give us menus and take our drink order. After a few minutes, another party got seated a few tables from us, a family of 5, white. Our drinks came, but our waitress quickly walked away to tend to the other table that had just arrived. The other table got their drinks, bread, and ordered their entrees before we got bread or ordered our meals.  Huh?? I thought maybe they were good friends or the waitress just wasn't thinking straight or something, but I got really irritated when they received their food and desserts BEFORE us, and paid and left the restaurant before us! A family of 5, who got to the restaurant at least 10 minutes after us was able to order, eat, pay, and leave the restaurant before we were even able to pay?? It's not that they were rude or hostile, just a major lack of attention. We were the first table to be seated in the upstairs area, and when we left, there were only 2 or 3 other tables, so it was definitely not a busy evening for them. 
I don't remember what the food was like. I think many would agree that bad service overshadows good food any day. Bad service may be tolerated for outstandingly delicious food, but I had an overall bad experience from this place, so the food must not have been spectacular. 
Maybe it was just the waitress that evening, but she definitely ruined our special evening. I would not dish out another $100 for that kind of experience.How is it possible that I've lived in Philly for seven years and only just now discovered the joy that is Friday Saturday Sunday? (I probably shouldn't even admit that or someone might take away my city card.) But now, thanks to my date Friday night, I am in the know. Since it was clear from the moment we were seated that my date knew what she was doing in picking this restaurant, I told her to pick the wine and the appetizer, too. Thus, we started off with an excellent bottle of pinot noir and a delicious pate. Would I have chosen the pate myself? Probably not. Am I glad then that she did? Hell, yes. The fact that it came with tiny sweet pickles just upped the awesomeness. I had the roast duck in a cherry port sauce for an entree, and it was probably the best duck I've eaten--lightly cripsed on the outside and succulent inside, with a slightly smoky, fruity tang. Dessert was ginger creme brulee. The flavor was deliciously subtle--sweet and not too gingery. It should've been in a wider, shallower ramekin in order to have more surface area to carmelize. But hey, if that's the only thing I could find wrong, they're doing a damn good job. The service was top-notch, too--I sort of wanted to hug our waiter on the way out. We finished with drinks at the upstairs bar, which (like the downstairs) is both cozy and adorable. I could have lingered longer except for the fact that the plentiful wine had worn down my already weak filters and all sorts of inappropriate things were coming out of my mouth. Oops.The food here is outstanding and the wine list is terrific (and cheap!).  However, the best part of this place is the people.  The entire staff is accomodating, friendly, and genuinely concerned with making sure that you are taken care of.  My wife and I would bring in our toddler and the entire staff would always go out of their way to ensure that he was taken care of too (bringing him bread, simple pasta dishes, etc.).  Great experience.Philadelphia doesn't suffer for lack of steak houses. We have them all. But Friday Saturday Sunday has it all over on them. Who would think? The service is great. And, if it's important to you, you can hear the person you're with. One tip. Look at the mural. It's something you would expect to see in a fine gallery--not a restaurant.I had heard so many good things about Fri Sat Sun that maybe I had my hopes up too high. The food was really tasty, but I think it was overpriced. The menu really didn't stand out to me. I know it's "Traditional American" cuisine, but they could still add a few twists.  I am not a fan of the dated decor, either. I know some people really like it, but I think that the place needs a makeover. Their drink menu could use a little expanding as well. On the upside service was good and the desserts were very yummy.
My friends really love eating here, but I doubt I'll come back. There are so many other restaurants in the area with more interesting food and lower prices.My wife and I went here for restaurant week and it was great! We had three courses and everything was delicious. It started off with the best mushroom soup I've ever had, some of the best braised short ribs I've ever tasted and finished off with some stunning coconut cream pie and creme brulee. I would definitely go back here again! The one thing I didn't really enjoy was the wine by the glass - I had two of the red and didn't enjoy either.This is probably now the longest running restaurant in Philadelphia. The last of the '70's restaurant renaissance. Haven't been there in years, but while looking for something new, I decided to try something old. The menu is full of delicious choices. They have kept the menu current over the years. I had a cactus salad special with a duck entree. I also tried a haddock special and the grilled salmon. All the of dishes were well executed. Service was attentive, but a bit sloppy. One salad was the wrong one, but no matter, we kept it. The wine list is small, but reasonably priced and well matched to the food. The backlighted specials board is a kitschy reminder of the old days in this restaurant. The fish tank on the 2nd floor is also a nice throwback. FriSatSun is aging well.Was really hoping for a fantastic drop dead meal after two friends said it was fantastic.
Maybe it's the fact that it was Sunday night on a holiday weekend.  Maybe it's te fact that it was 9pm.  Maybe it's the fact that there were only like 8 people in the restaurant.
We ordered a bottle of wine that wasn't too expensive, decent service from the wait staff. 
The mushroom soup was pretty tasty, lots of umami flavor, would order it again for sure.
I had the chicken dijon.  Mashed potatoes were pretty good, with breaded chicken and a fair amount of dijon sauce, but not enough to really coat the mashed potatoes thoroughly.
The lady opted for the mushroom ravioli.  The ravioli wasn't bad, but the sage brown butter sauce was what really made it tasty! 
A decent place with good service and food, but not somewhere I'm going to rush back into!This is another one of my favorite Philly spots. It's very romantic but you won't feel alone if your out for a solo dining experience.  The staff is uber nice and no matter how many months pass between visits they ALWAYS remember my name!  I love it!!  The food is always tasty and the staff are really knowledgeable and always make awesome wine pairing suggestions.  I'm a regular, you should be too.My husband and I googled the most romantic restaurant in Philadelphia for our 24th wedding anniversary....it said Friday Sat Sun!!
Although I don't think it was the most romantic as far as decor, I have to say it was the BEST food and PERFECT service!!  
I had the lobster ravioli, hubby had crab cakes both were delicious!!
Desert was chocolate mousse pie for me and cheesecake....again PERFECT!!
THANK YOU for a great night!!I love this place.  The food here is delicious and creative. I'd call Friday Saturday Sunday an American gastro pub, and a great one! The staff is super-friendly, and setting is casual and relaxed. Try one of their inventive cocktails...yum!Wow, the food was awesome, and we'd definitely go back. We were there on Monday night, May 10, and, it was, obviously not a prime night for going out to eat. We were a part of five, and it looked like they only have about eight tables. We never got up stairs, so we can't comment on that room. 
Our room was small, and, given the night and the fact that there were only two other parties in the room, concern developed that maybe the 'B' team was in the kitchen. There was absolutely no need to have worried. We had several starters, five main dishes, five different deserts with five different ports. Truly a great night for us. 
The only concern had to do with the tip. They built the tip in, and, from Nevada, and having worked in the tip industry, this was a bit surprising. This move probably cost them money, as we tend to tip very liberally, and we had enjoyed the staff and the food. 
Our son and his friends that live in Phili hadn't been there before and they will probably be back. Next time I'm in town, it's on the short list of places to eat, but Phili has a lot of options. If you like a small room, good food, and friendly people, this is a good choice. Be sure to double check the check prior to tipping, as it may already be there.Service was slow but that could just have been attributed to the fact that there were only two waitresses that evening.
On another note, the three stars is for the food and ambiance. I ordered the ravioli because I was hungry, but only got 4 raviolis (sp?) on a small plate with basic tomato sauce. At $22, neither my wallet nor my tummy were happy. Finished my plate in five minutes and started picking at my husband's full plate of roast duck and mashed potatoes. Yum! Should've spent the extra $4.
Ambiance: it seems the restaurant is trying for that intimate, gentle chatter, low light, soft music type of setting. But what happens is that the acoustics of the room don't allow that. (Note here we sat on the first floor, so I can't speak for the second floor). Rather, what you get is a dimly lit room, with music so low you have to strain to hear it. Other guest's chatter is annoyingly loud enough that I can hear what the couple two tables down is saying. Definitely not romantic. 
I had hopes for this place since it came recommended.  If you're interested, try it out. I did, once, and probably won't be heading back anytime soon.Generally a really good experience. The restaurant is very small and intimate, but the staff are very friendly and casual which gives it a very neighborhoody feel and vibe. I suspect there are a lot of local regulars who eat here.
The food was all very good, and for the quality and presentation, I felt everything was reasonably priced. I had the mushroom soup to start. While I generally don't like mushrooms, mainly because of the texture, this soup was very good. It was creamy and flavorful. Also, had the Duck for dinner, and it was great all around. A really nice cut of duck and perfectly cooked. My wife ordered the BBQ Shrimp, which were just ok, and also the Filet Mignon Au Poivre. The filet was delicious and the scalloped potatoes that came with it were great. Overall, the portion sizes were very reasonable and we left full, but not stuffed.
The only downsides to this place are the casual atmosphere does lend itself to pretty casual service. While the wait staff is very friendly and talkative, they only checked in on us in passing. Meaning they'd ask how things were while walking past us to deliver food to another table. And not even once did they refill our wine glasses. One other gripe I did have, and this is minor, is that for a more high priced bistro, they really had cheap dinnerware. The silverware is what was in my college cafeteria, and the wine glasses remind me of the cheap type you'd find at Walmart. The wine list itself was just ok, definitely not the bargain I've seen other reviewers mention. For a $10 corkage fee, I'd be more inclined to BYO if I returned.
All that said, I did enjoy my dinner. The food was really good, and I liked the variety of the menu in general. Definitely worth checking out if you're in the area and are looking for a casual place to grab dinner.I've been coming here about once a year for a very long time, usually sitting upstairs at the cozy but very small, cramped bar with a low ceiling, so low that you can hear everyone's conversation even at whisper volume.  The bartender upstairs is always very helpful and attentive, eager to be of service to his patrons.
Dining upstairs is usually a highlight of my visit, comfortable, warm, and inviting.  But this night they were only serving downstairs in the least attractive section of this two story, corner, neighborhood place.  After it took a bunch of minutes, no exaggeration, for the hostess to appear and that after we walked upstairs and down and stood uncomfortably in the corner waiting for her, we were seated.  
The specials crammed on a blackboard high on the wall had to be read to us.  The soups and salads we ordered were a tad better than average.  The mushroom soup was kinda thin, and the salads had a mediocre amount of stuff in them.
The price for one drink each, one soup each and one salad each with tip?  $85.  So much for a light night out at a neighborhood joint.This was an absolutely wonderful little place to eat and drink.  The decor is simple but well done, the food was fabulous, the wine was well priced, the atmosphere was superb.  It was almost like being in one of those small Brooklyn restaurants thats been there for 50 years, very cozy and welcoming. Best of all was the wait staff, Bud is the best of the best as far as waiters go, hes wonderful at what he does, always friendly and great to chat with. my only criticism for this place was the portions of the food were pretty small for what they were charging.Had dinner at Friday Saturday Sunday with the GF on a freezing Saturday night this January.  First, the highlight: the wine. We were told that the markup is a flat $10 a bottle, which I'm not sure I believe, but the prices were very reasonable and the selection was excellent.  We tried the Copeland Creek Pinot Noir at our server's recommendation - delicious.  Possibly the best I've ever had, with the disclaimer that I'm hardly a seasoned professional.
We were seated upstairs, which was nice and cozy, and our server was friendly and helpful.  Certainly no points lost here.   And the food... well, the food was fine.  The smoked fish platter and the lamb sausage were fine appetizers, the roasted duck and filet were fine entrees , and the two desserts we had (I can't remember what they were) were fine desserts.  Something, though... something was missing.
I'm having a tough time articulating what it is that left me feeling disappointed by Friday Saturday Sunday, but I just can't find the right words.  This is the best way I can put it: If just one bite of one dish made me pause for a moment, think for a while, and then come to a conclusion of "wow, that was good", I'd probably give Friday Saturday Sunday 4 stars.  I might even bump it up to a 5.  Considering the bill, I really expected to have this kind of moment once.  But it just didn't happen.  
In the end, Friday Saturday Sunday certainly isn't a bad place, and for some reason I really want to give it a higher rating.  I just can't though.  Honestly, if you're more concerned about wine than food, I'd recommend checking it out.  When it comes down to my personal evaluation, however, I have to give it 3 stars.  There are better, more interesting, cheaper options in Philly, as far as food goes.  I might go back for lunch or a drink, but probably not for dinner.Note: This review is only for downstairs. The decor is weird. It's small and dark. You're surrounded with mirrors. Everywhere I look I see myself. A little creepy, unless your narcissistic.. It's like eating in a house of mirror. 
Came here for dinner, on a new friend's raving suggestion, I'm officially strike her recommendation from my book of foodie credibility. 
We ordered the Smoked Trio Fish with Capers and Caper Berries for an appetizer. As for the entrees, we ordered the Butternut Squash Ravioli, and Stuffed Corn hen. 
The Smoked Trio Fish (2 out of 5) tasted it just as if i went to Whole Foods, got some smoked fish and ate it directly from the package. 
There wasn't any good sauce or fat to cut the salty in the fish. 
Butternut Squash Ravioli (2.5 out of 5) was a little dry. Nothing wow. I had better.
Stuffed Corn hen (2.5 out of 5). Sounded great on paper. When the dish arrived, I was looking forward to it. The waiter said it's "Thanksgiving" on a plate as he set it on the table. When I cut into it, it was packed with bread stuffing, seasoned with a bit of nuts and raisins...The corn hen was a little gamey for me. The breast was  dry, the legs was okay. It's not something I would order again.I asked to customers if they would like to join me at Friday, Saturday, Sunday on Sunday and one responded "ya, i'm free all three nights."  Once that was settled, a group of us went.  It's a quaint little place in the middle of nowhere.  I was a bit afraid since I walked from downtown and passed many paper-bagged cans of Colt 45 donning the stairs in the surrounding houses.  
It's one of those menus where you want to order everything.  Good thing there were 6 of us...we did a bit of the family style thing. 
The standouts were the mushroom soup and the smoked fish.  The mushroom ravioli was also decent. As a main (which my guests were less willing to do the family style thing for), I ordered the duck and cherries.  It was a bit underdone...not raw or rare but I prefer a really crisp skin given the fat content and it was a litle fatty and rubbery.  The tilapia special my colleague ordered looked very good (and was according to him)
I got lucky with dessert....scooped the last piece of coconut cream pie and bread pudding (I had colleagues go the next night and they were still out (insert evil laugh). I'm a sucker for homemade desserts and I wasn't disappointed.  
 All in all, it's a smart little place off the beaten path (it was a nice change from restaurants on the busy downtown streets) with an appealing menu. In general, execution was good.  It is obvious this place takes pride in their food which to me trumps minor issues in execution.
Do the apps family style if you can because the diversity and flavours are worth it.Julia
I get out to Philly every now and then and this place has been on the radar since it seems to be one very talked about restaurant in the area.
Disclosure:  I dined there month's ago and I remember the food being good but I have to say, it's not worth the 5 stars that other people are giving it.  One word for me is that it was just "OK" except when the bill came.  I went with 2 others and the bill for a party of 3 was well north of $200.  Only had 1 bottle of wine and yes that was reasonable and quite good.  Think I had a red Zin....
One of us had the lamb chops.. ok (had better) and i had the fish special... I forget what kind...   The appetizers and small plates are the way to go for a tasting.. and the salad was very good.
We all had desserts and they were quite good and worth the room and the $8 bucks...   
I still recommend going but it's not the 5 stars that other yelpers think it to be...  I'm thinking it's because the standards are lower in philly :)  jk...  I am from NYC and there is this unspoken rivalry.. No I'm not a Yankees fan either...The food is okay. Certainly not worth the price. The salad was fine, that's not too hard. The ravioli was okay, but the sauce it came in was gross. Dessert was almost inedible.Went to the location for a special occasion, based on many good reviews I had read. 
I was disappointed. It is a nice neighborhood gem, but I would not go out of my way to visit the place.
The decor needs improvement, kind of a cheap feel to it, overly dark. The place seemed too small and the grease board in the middle of the room with specials give it a low end restaurant feel. 
The service was average, and too informal. Some guy dressed very casually, I think shorts? 
The food, nothing that was spectacular for the prices charged. I would expect it to be a lot better. I had duck and it was enjoyable, not enough sauce. Good flavor and cooked well.We really weren't sure when we walked into the place...it looked a little like a dated pub...but once we started eating, we could NOT stop raving about it
The 2 of us shared 4 appetizers/ small plates which was more than enough to fill us up
1) Poached asparagus with tomatoes, pearl onions and olives. 
Served chilled (which surprised us a little) but it was very fresh, summery and the asparagus were done just right- crunchy but not undercooked
2) Steamed Mussels in Lemongrass curry with cellophane noodles. 
OMG. 
By FAR, my fave dish. 
The mussels were so delish in the lemongrass curry; flavorful, tasty and yummy. The only thing that was a little 'off' was the texture and type of noodles. The noodles did not absorb the curry which was a true pity because it would have been muct tastier
3) Mushroom Ravioli
The best ravioli i've Ever had! Big chunky pieces of mushrooms, seasoned perfectly. I could really tasted the 'umami-ness' of the mushroom; YUMMY
4) Petit filet mignon in reduced wine sauce with scalloped potatoes
Again, done perfectly. Medium-rare and savory. 
YUMMMMMMY
We rounded off the dinner with desserts; i had the Chocolate Bread Pudding (YUM) and my friend had the Grand Marnier Creme Brulee (Not as good; surprisingly)
All in all, we'll definitely come back here. 
Yay!I wish I could give this place a 10!
I admit that I am a food diva when I dine out.  Friday Saturday Sunday surpass my expectations every time I visit. By far my choice of top restaurant in Philadelphia.What a letdown!!! :( 
I was really looking forward to trying this place for my birthday and looking back, I wish we had walked out immediately.
Upon entering, I was told that the upstairs dining room was closed, (which was recommended by others) so that was an initial bummer. As the waitress walked us back to our table, I immediately felt like we were in a diner (slightly nicer tho with their addition of mirrors and twinkle lights). The crowd was looked primarily over the age of at 60 and the decor of the restaurant (wooden tables and chairs), as well as staff's very casual attire, further enhanced the diner-esq atmosphere.
Why didn't we turn around and leave just then? Let's just call it birthday optimism. 
They offer you a 3-course $30 pre fixe menu as an option, but of course only selected entrees are offered. I opted otherwise and ordered cream of mushroom soup and the special that night, which was soft shell crabs with a corn-mash cake and roasted red pepper cream sauce on the side. My date chose the pre fixe menu, and ordered the mushroom soup and the lobster ravioli. The soup was pretty good; the mushrooms were blended into small pieces and the broth was creamy and flavorful. 
The entrees? Major disappointment. The soft-shell crabs did not have much flavor or seasoning. They consistency was mushy and pretty unappetizing. The corn cake they were layed on was mediocre as well as the spinach, but overall the dish was not good. Needless to say I didn't eat much of it.  The lobster ravioli had some chunks of lobster which was good, but the sauce on top not only looked like cheese-whiz, but tasted like it. If cheese-whiz belongs on anything at all, it's a cheese steak.. NOT ravioli. Tisk tisk.  When the waiter noticed my meal had barely been touched, he offered me the menu to chose another entree. I went for the rack of lamb. The meat was cooked medium rare as I requested, but the meat lacked seasoning and the potato gratin that accompanied it was just O.K. I regret choosing another entree, as we should have just had the waiter remove my initial dish from the check and left. 
Since dessert was included in the pre fixe menu, we chose the chocolate-chip cheesecake. It must have been the pastry chef's first cheesecake ever-- because if it wasn't, they should be ashamed to serve that. The top layer of the cake looked and tasted like solid cream cheese. At that point I wished that I had a bagel in my bag to smear it on so I could have had something of substance from the meal.
Overall, this place is exactly what it looked like when we first walked in-- diner quality at best. I suggest they lower their outrageous prices if they continue to serve dishes of such low quality.I just read about the sale of Fri Sat Sun. Really an admirer of this place. I began going there in the mid 70's and have returned infrequently but regularly over the years.
It is a part of Philly restaurant  history for sure and the fact that Mr Lilly has been able to manage through all that is required to run a restaurant for over 40 years is worth a big nod and a thank you . For all the great meals that have been served and the memories, I thank you.APS:
Pan-seared Chilled Ahi Tuna w/ Sesame Seed Crust 
Lemongrass Grilled Shrimp 
MAIN:
Slow Roasted Duck 
Rack of Lamb
DESSERT
Chocolate Chip Cheesecake (Special since they were out of the regular)
Raspberries in Puff Pastry w/ Caramel Sauce
Double Chocolate Layer Cake
Tiramisu
Clearly I went with a dessert lover.  It was busy on a Friday, but with just a short wait and no reservations we were seated quickly.  The service was exquisite, as everyone was helpful, friendly and attentive.  Our waiter even sent over the wine specialist to help us choose our bottle - and the owner checked in on us and hooked us up with a special dessert! The food was so so so so good - if I lived in the Philly area, I'd be at Fri Sat and Sun all the time!
PS - The owner, Dan, remembered my friend Joe when he went back.  HUGE Kudos to FSS.My beau and I celebrated our anniversary at Fri. Sat. Sun. this past weekend, and it was positively enchanting. I read the reviews prior to going and since the mushroom soup was highly recommended, I tried it. WOW ~ definitely do not miss the soup! It was phenomenal. I requested a romantic setting as it was our anniversary, and the staff went above and beyond to accommodate us. The sushi-grade tuna was absolutely divine, I can't recommend this restaurant highly enough ~ if you go to Philly, don't miss this place!This is my favorite place to eat in Philadelphia. The service is always great and the service is impeccable. Have never had anything but a great time here.This is one of those places where you never want to leave. The ambiance is so intimate, cozy and relaxing, you feel like you're home. Except you're dining on couch-like benches, there are candles on the tables, and people are waiting on you :) I went here for the first time last night for my birthday and I was really impressed.  It was like a bistro. There were only a few diners and it felt like we were VIPS! The wait staff was really friendly, constantly refilling our drinks and giving us fresh bread. I had the steak special -- Asian skirt steak with Wasabi mashed potatoes and Asian snow peas. It was DELICIOUS! The only thing I didn't like were the mashed potatoes, but that was my own fault -- I'm not a huge wasabi fan and the wasabi was admittedly VERY strong in the potatoes (even my husband thought so). So no biggie, we swapped potatoes. My husband had hash brown-like potatoes with his crab cake entree and they were delicious too. The crab cakes were very meaty - no filler here! What I liked about the food (besides the taste) is that it's simple but well cooked and nicely plated. The portions are smaller but hearty. Sometimes you get big portions at restaurants but it's not worth it. This was not the case at Friday Saturday Sunday. For dessert, we shared a slice of the sinfully good chocolate mouse pie with homemade whipped creme. Delicious! I don't know if the desserts are house made, but I assume so given how good it tasted. My husband asked for a candle in the pie for my birthday, but they came out singing with the candle lit, which was nice. And they weren't loud or overbearing in a way that would disturb the other diners. But they did encourage them to join in with the singing. It was a sweet gesture. I really liked this place and will definitely return.This place is excellent! Went here for the first time last Friday and was amazed by the great service and absolutely delicious food. I will definitely be back, and would recommend this place to anyone.Fri Sat Sunday nicely offers a quintessential Philadelphia restaurant experience but also deviates from what you'd normally expect in a cozy Rittenhouse spot.  With classic dishes and meticulously prepared food, they cater to a fairly diverse audience and simultaneously maintain a neighborhood vibe.  
It's intimate, but not in the Audrey Claire/trendy Rittenhouse way.  It's not BYOB, which is somewhat unique for a small place, and the crowd here is slightly older (a la local yuppies).  There are definitely more adults dining here as opposed to 20-somethings. Prices reflect the more mature audience as well (while not overly expensive, it's definitely pricey).  
I have had three really solid meals here in the past year.  I got the eggplant entree twice (really really good, very cheesy and flavorful) and the crabcakes also impressed me.  Wine list is quite thorough and the cocktails are delicious!  
If you're looking for a nice diversion and want to have a comfortable and reliable meal, this is certainly the place to go.  Just make sure you make a reservation beforehand!We went for my birthday... I had been wanting to try the place for a while and my boyfriend surprised me. Decor I give 1 star. We were upstairs and I just kind of felt like the whole place needed a once over- updated and scrubbed. Service I give a 2 star. We had a waiter who seemed pissy we brought our own wine and didn't order dessert. (I know it was my birthday dinner- I should have gotten dessert!... but I wasn't having a very good birthday experience and kind of wanted to go)
The food was amazing! We had the mushroom ravioli and my boyfriend had the tilapia. 
I have to say for the price of the food + our overall experience- I wouldn't go back. Philly is full of so many amazing restaurants with delicious food AND good service AND nice clean decor that I would pick one of them before going back here.Wow! Very interesting little spot, local feeling. We heard it was a great restaurant so we made a reservation and got seated immediately. We ordered 2 of the specials.. Pork chop with mashed potatoes and bacon bits, also the coffee cumin steak strip with pumpkin vanilla purée. Absolutely delicious. Reasonably priced and excellent service. Restaurant has been there for 41 years and the server had been there for 30 years.. Says a lot about a place.. Great rapport. 
I highly recommend. You will not be disappointed!a very nice hidden gem of a restaurant...been there a couple of times and service and food were great on both occasions...atmosphere is pleasant for a date but could be a little warmer on the temp side, it may be just me but I thought it was a bit chilly in there at one point...overall a great place to go for good food and ambiance.It's a nice, small space. Food is also relatively small portion. Recommend the sweet Italian sausage dish.One of my ABSOLUTE faves.. for a myriad of reasons.  The staff is great, the kitchen is clean, the food is consistently stellar, the selection is diverse and the atmosphere is relaxing, cozy and intimate.  They even do the fish tank up, right at the beautiful copper bar located upstairs.  The draped ceilings with the small white lights add that tranquil ambiance.  My favorite...the chicken liver pate.  I also love the ahi.  Seriously, you cannot find a bad thing on the menu (unless you are talking calories). :)
I have yet to taste a less than wonderful dish.This isn't the worst meal I've ever had, but one of the worst experiences.  The food at Fri Sat Sun is fine.  It's good, well prepared, good options.  Maybe I've got to give it another shot, but I just don't forsee that happening.  It's pricey -- and just based on food, I can see the justification, but for decor and service not so much.  The ceiling upstairs is a sheet.  When I pay $12 for asparagus and tomatos, I prefer to have a real roof over my head.  I dont' want to go all bad on this place, though I'm tempted to!  I can see how a lot of people would like it, but it's just not for me.  I'll take my best guess to be helpful to people that read reviews and say this: if you like an unpretentious, not-trying-to-hard-to-be-cool experience, I'd skip Fri Sat Sun and spend your bones on a place like Dmitri's or Mama Palmas.  But if you like places that are too cool for school, this is definitely your spot.this place is pretty small, though it does have an upstairs. they put our party of 3 at a table for 2, and we felt like we were on top of the other tables... not what i expected for a random tuesday night.  food was delicious, and wine menu was inexpensive! i had the petite filet (which indeed was petite) w/au poivre med rare and it was delicious. best part of the dinner was the berry pastry!This is most definitely one of my top 3 restaurants in the city.  Their dishes are unique and there is always something new to try on the menu.  I do wish they'd bring back their butternut squash ravioli in sage butter sauce--that was my favorite.  The waiters are so friendly without being overbearing.  I love the fishtank bar upstairs.  This is a really great intimate date spot.Like some other reviewers, I hadn't been here in about 20 years, but when I saw that it was still getting high marks, went there with some friends last night. We all thought the food was outstanding, and the service attentive and friendly. It's run like a place that really knows how to give diners a great experience!
The wine list was extensive and fairly priced. I have to give a special shout-out to the bread: it was exactly the quality that every restaurant should be serving, but that's sadly missing from most tables (ok, I'm a bread person, I admit.  In this case we asked for a second basket!).  Appetizers and main courses were uniformly excellent, and I thought the crab cakes were the best I've had - filled with lots of crab meat, delicately seasoned and accompanied and by delicious crisp polenta.  For dessert we shared key lime pie and 'baby eclairs' and they were fresh and wonderfully prepared. The owner and staff kept checking in, but in a way that was intrusive.
It is a little tight in terms of space, but I just LOVED that it wasn't a very noisy ambience, and we actually didn't feel crowded despite having filled tables around us. The murals are charming, the neighborhood fun to walk around and near enough to theaters that you can still make a play with a 6 pm reservation. 
Thumbs up. They told us on the way out (in response to my question) that they've been there for 41 years, and are the only remaining place from the 1970's "restaurant renaissance" that spawned Astral Plane, Commissary, Frog, etc. I'm glad they're still going strong, and are so attentive to all the aspects that make a great dining experience.A long-standing Rittenhouse Gem, with all the personality needed sans the snood that can accompany a Rittenhouse Square address. I really love this place, it's so cute and quaint, the perfect place for a nice intimate and romantic date night. The food is solid, I've never had a disappointing meal here and I've been here a few different times. The menu does change periodically, which is nice because it keeps your experience fresh when you come.  One thing that hasn't changed is their Grand Marnier Creme Brulee which is fantabulous and probably the best I've ever had! Their drinks are pretty good along with a wine list that is very impressive and not crazy marked-up like some places.
The thing I loved most about Fri Sat Sun is the service. My very 1st experience here I had the best waiter. I haven't been back in a few years so I don't know if he's still there. But when I went to make my order of a rib eye well done, he came over and say down beside me and said "darling you can't do that, it kills the flavor. Order it medium well, it'll be a little pink but it won't kill you, you'll be fine and you'll thank me later". Lol. So I did and have been ordering my steaks that way ever since and they are so much better that way. So I thank him. And anytime I tell people about this place I reference this story because it made such a lasting impression.When I was a kid, we used to go to FriSatSun for celebrations often....
...Then I moved to Boston, became a poor college student and celebrated celebrations with a bottle of purple Andre and Trader Joes Mini Quiche...
So, when my mother invited the hubs and I out for a nice meal in honor of his birthday, we of course accepted. (In exchange for Mom paying for dinner, we had to sit through her and our waiter talk about the good old days in the neighborhood and New Hope...It pretty much solidified my theory that there are seven degrees of separation to my mother in this city)
We left full and satisfied. 
The ambiance is lovely and it never changes, which I like. I enjoy the ritual of going somewhere and knowing exactly the caliber of service and quality of food. 
The hubs and I got there before my mom and we were seated immeadiately. He ordered and old fashioned and I, a gimlet (it's our MO). The drinks, while not the best, were good and hit the spot. 
When Mom arrived, we ordered a bottle of Malbec, which was delish. 
'
I had the beet salad (which is not as good  as L2's, but works), hubs had the pate, and Mom had a salad special. All were good.
Our entrees were stellar. I had the "steak special," which was a ribeye with mango salsa. It was so big that I have eaten it for two meals after we went. Hubs had the pork chop, which was also amazing, and Mom of course had the filet....She always gets the filet!!!
We shared a chocolate mousse pie to end the meal. It was a nice end. 
I always will recommend FSS to people, both new to the neighborhood or just visiting...
OH! And of course, the best part --- they only mark their wine up $10 per bottle.You'll have to forgive me for being fuzzy on details, but I last ate here during last fall's Restaurant Week.
I had a reservation for just me and the lady at around 8:30 on a Monday (I remember this because I had played for our Bowling League just a few hours prior to this)
This place definitely scores high points for charm and location. The dining area was a bit smaller than expected, with the wait staff being pretty attentive to our needs.  
My pick from the Restaurant Week menu started with the very hearty and very tasty cream of mushroom soup.  I was very happy about it being "just right." Not too salty, not too rich, and not too filling.  I also remember having a pretty damn exquisite filet mignon along with a seasonal draft beer. 
From what I recall, my partner had a great time. Being a Monday, the crowd subsided pretty early, which left only us and a "birthday group" by the window.
Great food, good service, and perfect atmosphere.
The reason I give it 3 stars?  We were seated at a booth and a tiny little mouse came out to say "hi!" literally next to my partner's purse.
She muffled a scream and I shooed it away - a very unfortunate blemish on an otherwise perfect evening. 
Look, I know it's a city.  I know that this sort of thing happens.  I don't doubt that the food was prepared just fine, but that mouse means they have some cleanliness issues in the dining area.  That needs to be addressed!My dining partner and I entered this cozy little restaurant, hungry and ready for some good eats.  There was nothing on the first floor that appeared to be a hostess stand so we stood in the middle of the floor awkwardly.  Remembering that there was a stairwell to a 2nd floor, we backtracked and went upstairs only to be greeted by a sign that said to see the host downstairs.  Again, we just stood there until we could flag down someone who looked like they worked there.  
My cream of mushroom soup was delightful.  Nothing's better than a bowl of chopped up 'shrooms, chicken broth, cream, cognac and butter.  I had the grilled ahi tuna steak with pomegranate glaze.  I requested the ahi tuna steak be rare in the middle but the outside was overdone and dry.  The tasty glaze could only do so much to save this dish.  My dining partner enjoyed his appetizer of pate but found his duck entree to be too dry.
For the cost of this meal, I was expecting much better quality and service.  Quite a disappointment after all the positive reviews.Food is decent like many other restaurants in philadelphia.
Lighting is bit too low.
Service is okay but not so great to give 3 stars.
Obviously they're understaffed as they say, and they are offended by more than 2 cards per table and snap at you and walk away because "it will take more than half an hour", as they say.This is a really nice date spot. The decor is a little cooky, but it makes for a fun night. It is much more casual than I had expected, consider that when you are getting dressed.My friend recommended FSS for the romance, but when I walked through the door I almost walked out.  There was a horrible odor like rotten fish.  Luckily another friend said to check out the Tank bar upstairs.  We hit happy hour (25% off every drink) with 17 minutes to spare.  They also let us eat upstairs.  I loved the healthy portion of seafood and Farro salad.  The rack of lamb was cooked perfectly but I was glad I got the salad since there wasn't much else in the plate.  The chocolate cake was moist and rich.  I liked the nice and friendly bartender at the Tank bar.Really good food and great service.  Love the small intimate atmosphere!It's a nice cozy place with a neighborhood feel.   Food was ok.  Been there twice.  I had the ahi tuna for appitizer & bake hen on my first visit.  It's basically a bake hen with stuffing with gravy.  Tuna wasn't fresh.  Nothing special.  On my second visit , I had the chicken paté for appitizer & pork chop.  Nothing to wow about.  Typical pork chop cook on a pan.  Overall it's a nice cozy little place with your average cusine.This is one of my favorite places in Rittenhouse.  It is cozy, simple, and initiate with the best service and wonderful dishes that bring out the natural flavor of the ingredients.  The wine list is also solid and there is a small but solid cocktail list.  Our servers were always excellent at suggesting pairings!
Some favorites:
1. Grilled octopus: A masterful blend of menudo, white beans, pickled red onions.  The octopus is flavorful and tender, and the pickled onions add a twist of tart flavor with the beans adding a subtle degree of creaminess.
2. Roasted cauliflower: Slightly charred with a side of caramelized cauliflower pureé and a touch of citrus.  It's the best of two: puree and roasted so that you get both textures in a single dish.
3. Duck duo for two: A combination of a roasted duck breast, caramelized plantains, and confit.  Another best of both with a flavorful and juicy breast that has a perfectly crispy skin and richer confit in jus.  The caramelized plantains add a bite of sweetness.  Perfect for sharing and a much welcome alternative to a standard duck l'orange!
4. Roasted half chicken: Flavorful pan-roasted chicken with a side of sunchoke puree and sauteed pea shoots in jus.  The chicken is very flavorful and tender.
5. Bucatini allo scoglio: Amazing squid ink pasta with squid, mussels, onions, and a hint of XO.  Tender and flavorful seafood blend with perfectly cooked bucatini.  
6. Labneh panna cotta: Very creamy with a hint of tart from the labneh.  
In all honesty, I miss this place and I have wined and dined quite a bit in NY.  This will give most places in the city a run for the money and a must-try in Rittenhouse.  Perfect for a small group dinner or date!What a fantastic dinner we had here last night! First night in town for a few days and we were staying right nearby. Had cocktails at the bar while we waited about a half hour for a table. Then dinner upstairs. Andrew was great guiding us through the menu and helping us make choices. The highlights were the sweet potato agnolotti with braised oxtail (soooooo fantastic) and the labneh panna cotta. Delicious!!! Would definitely come back if in the area again.I cannot say enough good things about this restaurant. My parents used to go to Friday Saturday Sunday as Penn grads. My husband and I, having lived in the city for over a decade, had never dined at this Philly mainstay. After hearing it was under new management and that the changes were positive, we decided to go. 
The service is impeccable. Our waiter, Tim, was incredibly knowledgeable about every dish and steered us in the right direction. We had the root vegetable salad, gnocchi, halibut and steak. Small plates to share. All were prepared to perfection and we literally cleared each plate. The whole experience was incredibly enjoyable that, of course, we had to order dessert. My husband ordered the ice cream trio. He's a Breyer's lover. I was worried that maybe the buttered toast flavored ice cream would be too adventurous for him. He literally was speechless after one taste. I had the pear and cranberry crumb cake, which was wonderful. The shortbread crust was perfect. Maybe the balsamic vinegar could have been left off, but really I have no serious criticisms. 
The restaurant was packed, but we received each plate in seemingly no time. The service is at a level that you really don't see anymore. The attention to the dining experience really makes a difference. I have never written a review like this. I just couldn't not express my delight!What an amazing dinner! This is our new all time favorite in Philly. My wife and I celebrated her birthday at Friday Saturday Sunday. I messed up the reservation but they were quick to bail me out. The food and service were phenomenal. It is clear that the staff is well trained to make sure that your experience is top notch: drinks were ordered at the bar but seamlessly sent to our table, dinner service was top notch and a candle for the birthday was added to the desert without specifically requesting it. (I mentioned my wife's birthday in a casual conversation with the host.)
We had oysters with divine meyer lemon mignonette, excellent: chicken liver mousse, octopus and halibut and excellent panna cotta and plum tarte tatin for desert.
Thank you for an amazing night!Having left Philadelphia nearly 40 years ago I was surprised to see one of my favorite restaurants still there, my friend and I walked in just to look around so I could see what had changed...and of course everything had.  It was just before 5:00, we sat at the bar thinking we would just have a cocktail, found out that there were new owners, one of whom is also the chef.  We decided to stay and just have a quick bite and left several hours later after being served ONE OF THE BEST MEALS IVE HAD IN YEARS!!! A truly original menu with every item carefully and creatively prepared and presented. 
The octopus with Rancho Gordon beans was exquisite, the pasta with pork belly, dandelion greens and caraway was extraordinary...every ingredient was able to shine.. And how can you turn collard greens into something unforgettable? The salad, the chicken!  
I know m going on and on, but really.  This restaurant is worth a trip to Philadelphia. The service was friendly and the servers full of information...the chef and his wife came out to say hi...it was simply a memorable meal,What an amazing dining experience! The decor and atmosphere were impeccable - warm and welcoming. The staff was extremely knowledgeable and friendly and made some wonderful recommendations. The cocktails were wonderful - eclectic and diverse incorporating some fantastic combinations. And the food....I just can't say enough good things about. I actually went there for the first time with a friend from out of town and he is already scheduling a trip back to Philly just so that he can go back to FSS.  Truly exceptional dining experience! Can't wait to go back!!Everything exceptional.. Don't miss the carrots and the to die for chicken. Number 1 bar in the city.. woo hoo.The food is very good but the service is not.  It was slow (which I don't mind) but then they rushed us out saying they needed to turn the table over.  I wrote a letter about the service to the owner but I received no reply.  I called, and then got the brush off.  Only to this place if you want good food but to be treated poorly.  To see expensive good food just isn't worth being treated poorly.What a fantastic find! If you aren't looking for it, you'll miss it as the restaurant is located on a mostly residential part of the block. Reservations were made for 9:45 and it was it worth the wait. It's styled like a classy turn of the century speakeasy of sorts. The cocktails are mixed with precision and crafted with fresh fruit. The menu is small but full of tasty options. The asparagus was crisp, the, bucatini was melt in your mouth yummy, the steak was cooked to perfection and the halibut was sinfully delicious. Yes, a lot of adjectives but I can't say enough good things about this establishment. Everyone from the host to the dish runner took pride in his/her role and it shone through the quality of the dinner. I can't wait to return the city for another visit.My husband and I were in town for one night and knew we had to make it to Friday Saturday Sunday. We started off with cocktails, which were delicious and incorporated a lot of ingredients you don't usually stock at home. We then dined on the scallop ceviche, mussel toast, chicken liver patê, beef tartare, and the gnocchi. Everything was absolutely delicious, but the gnocchi was hands down one of the best dishes we've had in 2017. It truly melts in your mouth. We finished off with the maple pecan tart for dessert. The service was great - all of the dishes were spaced out reasonably and we didn't feel rushed in any way. It was great to have time to enjoy each course the way it was meant to be enjoyed. Would recommend to anyone!I have dined at this restaurant a few times. While the food & drinks are always good, the service not so. We had a great server on my recent visit, Thor was attentive & super service oriented, he also gave great drink recommendations. All the dishes are good, the pasta are outstanding. We had bucatini allo scoglio, it has squid and mussels, the flavor is so intense it is unbelievably tasty. We also love the duck, it comes with roasted duck breast, caramelized plantains and confit duck leg. The duck ran out half hour after we ordered ours. So get there early if you want to try the duck.Came here on Friday -  it was the best way to celebrate this glorious day of the week! 
The place had a relaxing vibe: we walked out mellow and happy while having absolutely no alcohol in our bloodstream! No regrets about our Friday night spent at this restaurant due to their excellent service and delicious food. 
While the portions were not American, the taste made up for the size to price ratio. We ordered half a dozen of oysters - they were not large but wow! I ordered octopus - equally satisfying. Sea bass was as flavorful and mouthwatering as was the octopus. Mussel toast was so very good as well. The toast was addicting - crunchy, irresistibly fresh.Mussel toast is my new way to say "Mazel tov."
The waiter was attentive, amiable, and knowledgeable. Timely delivery and logical sequence of delivery earned this place another customer. 
Wow, what an unforgettable Friday we had. Solid 5 stars! Craving this place now,and it's been only a day later. Highly recommend.I'm extremely impressed after my first visit to the completely revamped FSS.  It's a totally different restaurant compared to the old days and that's OK. In fact, you can argue it needed a reboot even as well run as it was in the past. The new layout with the bar downstairs and dining room upstairs works well. It's simply a comfortable space with a fun vibe and the new owners should be commended. 
Now onto the food and I'll keep it short and sweet. Everything my wife and I ordered was stellar. The beef tartare and bucatini were standouts. The escargot and halibut dishes were also both very good.  Slight nod to the escargot regarding which one I liked best but that's splitting hairs. Sorry no pictures, but the presentation and attention to detail was impressive. As was the taste/flavor!
Varied wine list with fair pricing and enjoyed the bottle of Mourvèdre. Unique and could be a go to bottle on return visits if they keep it around. Several Madeira offerings for "dessert" to cap off the dinner also a nice touch. 
That's it. Really look forward to going back and working my way around the menu. Their extensive raw bar is on my hit list next.Chef Chad and his entire team have the best restaurant in Philadelphia! My wife and i were taken on a culinary experience second to none. Every dish we had was better than the last. Benji made sure we drank the perfect wine for each course. Rich kept the food coming. Starting with the Seafood plateau then Maitake toast, potato gnocchi, carrot confit, winter salad, lobster bucatini.... oh my.. roasted cauliflower, black cod and more then finished off with an incredible assortment of housemade sorbets and ice cream. Very cool looking place and a fantastic dining experience. Thanks! We so look forward to coming back.Wins on many fronts - ambience, service, and of course FOOD! Really appreciated the two levels (bar first floor, dining room second) and the warm earthy vibes. The service was also great / not at all stuffy, but still very professional and attentive without being overbearing. Also really liked the personalities and style of the service staff, normal people who just seem good at their jobs. On to the food which was seriously sooooo good. The complementary lavash with fresh butter, honey, and ash opened the meal perfectly. Such balanced flavors and I KNEW the chef understood food. For the meal we had the shrimp cocktail, asparagus, octopus, halibut, potato gnocchi. Favorite was probably the shrimp cocktail because they were so fresh and the sauce was this unique yuzu something or another that I couldn't even put my finger on but was delicious so we allowed double dipping at my table lol. I could go on about each dish but it's just better to come in and see for yourself. I don't even live in Philly (NYCer for life), but I will definitely be back. Kudos to the chef/owner and the staff for a great restaurant.In a word: amazing.  Run don't walk to this new restaurant in Rittenhouse which is SO not like most of the restaurants in that part of the city.  Here is what you can expect: delicious and inventive food, warm service, great drinks, smiles and a genuine feeling that you belong there.  Go for drinks, go for a snack, go for a romantic dinner but go and experience what it feels like when every aspect of the restaurant (front and back of the house) clicks and is done really well.Friday Saturday Sunday was the nicest dining experience I have had in a long time.  We came Saturday evening with a group of 4 to celebrate my brother's birthday.  
Right upon entering, the restaurant is lovely with a spacious bar area, and warm cozy lighting - perfect for a winter evening.  We ordered a round of drinks which were excellent, including the mocktail that the bartender whipped up for my pregnant sister-in-law.
After drinks, we moved to the restaurant area upstairs, where the atmosphere was equally warm and inviting.  Our server was fantastic - friendly, attentive, and able to make great suggestions regarding the menu.  And the food - every bite was better than the last.
We started with the scallop ceviche and the octopus - both of which were excellent.  
We then did a pasta course with 3 pastas - the gnocci, agnolotti, and gemelli.  All 3 were fantastic - there was a different favorite for everyone.  For me, the gnocci were the hands down winner - I have NEVER eaten better gnocci, they were so light and so flavorful.
The we moved on to veggies and meats.  We had the carrots and cauliflower, of which the cauliflower were a table favorite - really really flavorful.  And then we had the shrimp and grits, and the roasted chicken which was super moist and flavorful.
For dessert we had the Black & Tan Sunday and the Maple Tart.  Both were perfectly sized and just fantastic.
Really, I cannot think of a single way in which the dining experience at Friday Saturday Sunday could be improved.  A fantastic experience all around.We didn't make a reservation, and it was a 2 hour wait for a table, so we decided to sit at the bar. We were glad we did. This a really cute/cozy/ambient place. The food options are fairly small plates, and it was fun to order a few dishes and share them. I particularly enjoyed the gnocchi. The food really is awesome. The bartender was great! He was happy to have a conversation, pointed out local alternatives to mainstream liquor brands, and would make drinks that weren't on the menu based on what our preferences were. Just an overall good evening.
Next time we're back in Philly we'll definitely return here.Awesome dining experience. We were seated upstairs. The lighting was dim, which is perfect for a romantic dinner. I was dining with friends at this particular time and came in relatively late(10:15ish) after leaving a Sixers game. The waitstaff was as amazing as the food. Our waiter, Tim, was particularly knowledgeable and very friendly. He gave some great recommendations and was very patient. I had the scallop ceviche and the halibut. Both were very good and the the entire experience warrants a return trip.  
FYI - Street parking is a bit of a challenge. I parked at a parking lot around the corner for $25.This is an amazing restaurant. The ambiance is awesome. Not too loud and nice lighting. Perfect place for a date or  dinner with friends. There is a bar downstairs and dinning upstairs. The steak, gnocchi, and bucatini were my favorite. The brownie dessert was my delicious. Honestly you can't go wrong with any choice. I highly recommend checking this place out!Sweetheart has a new favorite restaurant in Philly!  Let's start with his cocktail:  a gin and scotch mix (he can't recall the name) that he loved!  Next, the "bread," which was paper thin wafers served with honey butter.  YUM!  The appetizer was fois gras, that was unbelievably delicious, served with toast and jam.  Our next course was stand-alone vegetables.  Sweetheart had the roasted cauliflower, and I had the confit squash, which was the best vegetable dish I have ever tasted. Now entrees...I had the grilled shrimp, which was lovely.  Sweetheart had the roasted chicken--also a winner.  Dessert?  Sweetheart had a brownie sundae, which he loved.  I was completely stuffed, but found room for a scoop of homemade mango sorbet.  A completely wonderful dining experience, and our server, Andrew was a major hunk, and a Navy vet.  As we were finishing our meal, Sweetheart said "Make another reservation."Went here last night and it was AMAZING! We had the oysters, grilled shrimp, gargonzola pasta and grilled octopus. Small portions but it was worth it. We also had sorbet and the plum dessert. I would deff go back if I come back to Philly.Not quite a 5** but close to it. Had a very good first visit experience.
Great tasting and very creative food, nice service, cute ambiance, a bit overpriced, but not a big deal if you leave the place with a smile on your face.  Definitely a good find for us.
Had: EGGS & CAVIAR (A), SWEETBREAD SANDWICHES (A), ENDIVE & TREVISO SALAD (B), ROASTED SQUASH (A+), ROASTED POTATO GNOCCHI (A), TROTTER GEMELLI (A+), LABNEH PANNA COTTA (A)
Worth coming back which we'll definitely do.This is a very belated review of a fantastic meal I had a few weekends ago. Our server recommended that we could order one item from each section: we opted for the mussel toast, trotter gemelli, confit carrots, and roasted chicken. They had us at hello: the lavash with honey butter was delicate but flavorful. You could distinctly taste the spice on the bread and both the honey and the butter. And that was before we even received our actual food order.
The mussel toast incited first bite exclamation. The order had four somewhat large pieces, and I really appreciate that they grilled the bread underneath so that the ample amount of topping never fell off the bread across multiple bites. The pasta was toothy and the right mix of salty and savory. The chicken came next, and it was extremely well-prepared (think a half bird?), with crispy skin and incredibly moist meat. My dining companion actually polished off the pieces with his hands! The carrots came last, and the dish had a delightful array of sizes, shapes, and textures.
All of the dishes were complex and complementary in component flavors and textures, and nothing tasted like something I had eaten before. Service was knowledgeable with regards to ordering and attentive but not overly so (water glasses were always refilled). The upstairs dining room is a little on the dark side, but the dining experience was well worth the trip.Really delicious, creative food. The food is designed to be shared and I would recommend around 2 plates per person. We had the scallop ceviche, gnocchi, carrots and octopus. All were amazing. Even the carrots was made into such an interesting and creative dish. Also, make sure you save room for dessert! We shared the brownie one and it was phenomenal!This is only a review of the drinks here! Fri Sat Sun is a cocktail bar by night with limited seating, and has a dining portion upstairs. Downstairs reminds me of Franklin Bar, just a bit smaller. There is some bar space, a single standing table, and a row shelf where you can also stand. The ambience is intimate - with not a lot of noise. It's a great place to take a date or dress up for a romantic night out. The cocktails are great, but not alcoholic. I got the cloudbreak, which tasted like heaven, but didn't seem to have that much alcohol in it. All in all, it's pretty typical of cocktail pricing around the area. I'm a fan!Friday, Saturday, Sunday... Honestly, you can go here on any day of the week, and it'll STILL be a shining example of great cuisine and amazing customer service. 
One thing I've never had happen at a restaurant: our server literally recommended the entire left half of the menu! And you had better believe: though we didn't order that much food, my stomach would surely have made room if we had.
First of all, let's talk about the Mussel Toast. First thought to enter my head PT (pre-taste): this is a perfectly logical next step for the aging Millennial. Simple and healthy, like avo toast, yet classy and *slightly* more exorbitant. A great splurge for a millennial, to be sure. 
Second, the Sea Bass. Can't say I've ever had the bass of the sea. I also can't say whether it's great at every establishment. What I can say though: FSS did it RIGHT. And it came out surprisingly quickly. My palate is not yet mature enough to be able to ascertain what those flavors were, but I thank the cooks at FSS for doing their thing with the seasonings! 
Finally, the cocktail. I ordered the "Alternative Fact", but lemme tell ya: no lies were told. That drink was the TRUTH and nothing but the truth! Basically a Paloma with an Italian twist and sweetened by an American inside joke. ;)  
THANK YOU Friday Saturday Sunday. I will remember you fondly and visit you oftenMediocre, and overpriced. The one appetizer we had, mussel toast, was creative and delicious, but the octopus, roast chicken, and beef tartare were average to poor. Prices were over the top, especially for beverages and the atmosphere is noisy, bland and uncomfortable. Can't recommend. Won't return.The food 
We ordered the eggs and caviar and gnocchi to share and then I had the roast chicken and my fiance had the steak. All of our dishes were delicious and cooked beautifully. The chicken was juicy with a crisp skin and the steak was cooked perfectly. The food here is a definite 10/10. The portion sized are small so just be aware. We ordered the aforementioned dishes plus dessert (also delicious, it was the black and tan sundae) and we were not full, I was not hungry but definitely not full. 
The drinks
The drinks were good, the wine list was underwhelming and the wine by the glass list was short as well. The cocktails were only okay, my fiance's old fashioned was not made correctly. I got the alternative fact and it only okay as well.
The space
The restaurant has a very cosy bar downstairs and dining is upstairs. Both areas are clean an inviting. Perfect for a romantic dinner - a must go for a date nightMan, this has probably been one of the best meals I've had so far in 2017!  I must say that the decor and ambiance are on point to match the food as well.  Fri/Sat/Sun checks off all my must haves for a great place to eat with excellent service, great food and a fair price point.  A huge shout out to their service staff that are very knowledgeable and polite and strike that fine balance of checking in JUST enough.  Food wise, there were no bad plates to be had, with my group of hungry eaters who wanted to sample everything we did more of a family style and I would order every plate again ESPECIALLY the pate, octopus and chicken.  I think we returned those plates to our server spotless.  Fri/Sat/Sun definitely works its way into one of my favorite eatery/date spot recommendations for this burgeoning Rittenhouse dining area.Amazing! This place is so beautiful, balancing elegance and comfort for a wonderful dining experience.  The service was on point as well.
Not to mention the DELICIOUS food!! Everything we ordered tasted amazing - you can tell the chef carefully designed each dish. There were some really unique flavor combinations as well as some time-true classics.
The maitake toast was my favoriteStop what you're doing right now and go make a reservation. My husband and I ate at the new FSS last night and it was hands-down one of the best meals we've had in Philadelphia (and we've had a lot of good meals here!). Everything we ordered, from the scallop ceviche to the beef tartare to the chicken liver mousse, was superb: beautifully presented and perfectly prepared with unexpected flavor combinations that set the menu apart. (These adjectives also apply to the roast chicken, which is not usually a dish that I order in a restaurant to begin with, let alone rave about.) 
Paul, the bartender, has a creative and thoughtful cocktail list (who ever would have thought that smoked eggplant syrup had a place in a cocktail?) and Hanna, who personally designed the interior with a stunning marble bar and gorgeous quarter-sawn oak paneling salvaged from a building in NYC, has created a space that feels simultaneously modern and also grounded in the past. 
My only hesitation in writing this review is that FSS will become so popular that I won't be able to get a table there (which I intend to do again, very soon). Seriously, people, cast aside your notions of the old FSS and come check it out. It's a true gem.It is worth a plane trip just to dine here. Hanna and Chef Chad are delightful and their commitment to quality is evident in every plate. The presentation is beautiful but the taste is superb. Cocktails are innovative and delicious. Truly the best dining experience I've had. So blessed.By far the best meal I have ever had! We started out with amazing cocktails at the bar downstairs then headed upstairs to a quaint and hip atmosphere. Benji suggested a superb wine and we proceeded to get one delicious plate after another. The seafood plateau was fresh and plentiful. The carrot confit looked so beautiful I hated to disturb the plate but the roasted carrots were amazing. The potato gnocchi melts in your mouth and the home made ice cream and dessert were worth every single calorie. The service was amazing and the owners were very concerned that our experience was nothing less than spectacular. Unfortunately, we don't live in Philly otherwise I would be a frequent diner. Can't wait to travel back just for another mouth watering experience.While looking for a place to have a seafood focused dinner, I came across this place. I had been here many, many years ago prior to the new management. This place really is top notch, from the quality of service (and quality of food) to the knowledgeable staff and amazing dishes. I highly recommend a trip to this place!
I believe our server was Tim (that's what was on the check) he was exactly what I hope for when you go out for a great dinner. He was able to answer all questions we had about the menu as well as offer suggestions based on your choices not random suggestions which most servers do. 
The food was exquisite! Oysters with a frozen lemon mignonette, was so delicious and a balance of flavors. Scallop ceviche was good but possibly a bit light for my taste, again nothing wrong, just personal opinion. Chicken Liver Mousse was very smooth and served with crusty bread and a complex array of accompaniments to enhance the flavors, delish. Gemelli pasta, house made with caraway and crispy pork belly, excellent. I don't often order pasta in a restaurant unless it's super interesting, and this was. Homemade chocolate curry chili ice cream!! Need I say more?
I am rating this place 5 stars, which I almost never do, I save the 5 star rating for those places that truly deserve it.This is a really cute restaurant that plays old, swingy music in the background. 
Dinner started with housemade lavash with honey butter and leek and fennel ash. I thought this was a really cool twist on the usual bread that's brought out at the beginning of a meal. The lavash was airy and crispy, and the honey made the dish lightly sweet.
I then received their eggs and caviar on the house. It came in an eggshell on an egg carton and was filled with mushroom duxelles and vin blanc topped with potato glass and some caviar. I'm always skeptical of runny eggs, but I really liked this dish. The flavors were mostly mushroomy paired with the briny caviar. It was interesting, and I would recommend trying it.
From the raw bar I got the cured arctic char with crispy nori, cucumber agua de chile, pickled strawberries, and citrus zest. The fish was very fresh, and the whole dish was light and refreshing. It was a little sour and savory with punches of citrus. Every bite was unique and fun, and I cleaned off the plate.
I also ordered the roasted asparagus with black walnut crumble, preserved citrus custard, and mushroom and sherry broth. This dish was vinegary with a spice blend that reminded me a lot of za'atar. The walnuts were a great addition texturally, and I thoroughly enjoyed each bite. My one complaint was that some of the asparagus was old and stringy.
For pasta I got the bucatini allo scoglio with squid, mussels, onion confit, and XO sauce. The seafood was tender and delicious, but the pasta was way too salty. There was some sourness that seemed to be coming from lemon juice, and the sourness accentuated the salty component of the dish too much. The noodles were also just slightly undercooked for me.
Finally for dessert, the black and tan sundae with brownie, blondie crumble, vanilla ice cream, chocolate, and whipped caramel. It was just okay, nothing out of the ordinary, and slightly too sweet.
To wrap up, a little jelly with cardamom and something else was presented with the receipt, which was cute.
I liked the atmosphere of the restaurant, and the food wasn't bad. I'd probably come back again and skip the dessert.What an awesome spot!   Drinks were amazing. Good all good. Atmosphere chill and friendlyWe were only here for drinks last night, but what a jewel box. The vibe is cozy and chic and the bartenders and staff couldn't be nicer. The renovations are beautiful.This is a very nice, intimate restaurant. We had a wonderful meal. The service was attentive and accommodating. The gnocchi we had ranks second to some I had from a Sicilian master, so, in other words, it was delicious. Good and very busy bar. Will definitely go back.nice spot off of Rittenhouse Square. Big bar serving up Craft Cocktails on the first floor with a dining room on the second floor.
We went on a Thursday night and the place was packed. Super loud in there too, hopefully they install some sounds panels soon.
Food was delish-- we started out with the Scallop Crudo, followed by the Chicken Liver Mousse and the Mussel toast. Best dish of the night by far was the Corn Agnolotti. We finished it off with the New York Strip, cooked to perfection, paired with some smoked mashed potatoes.
The cocktails my wife and i had were so-so. A little too much going on, with flavors fighting eachother. I thought the Wine List was very extensive, for its size, portraying some good Italian and French wines, while also throwing in some under-dog wines from Greece.
For dessert, we had the Labneh Panna Cotta, which was creamy and delicious, with a layer of Strawberry jam-like topping. Delicious!
Service was good-- Our server wasn't super personable, but was very attentive. The staff is a little plate-removal happy, almost taking our food before we were finished on a couple occasions.
All in all, i would recommend Friday Saturday Sunday if you're looking for some New American fare. I'd say great for a group of people, as you'll easily find something for everyone to eat.Fantastic. Ari,  Tim, and Hannah were all great. The service was impeccable, the food was amazing. Every dish was unique and flavorful. The food here is special and you should come try it.The food here was unreal. It's served family style and the portions are small but it tastes incredible. We got charred cauliflower, halibut, and corn agnolotti. The ambience was classy but intimate, the staff was helpful and attentive, and the food was incredible.I was struck by a few things, first that the food is amazing, next that the staff is super professional and friendly. The decor is also lovely and I love that they have a good prosecco by the glass. The raw course was fresh and delicious, with the best beef tartare I've had in the US.An excellent start followed by a mediocre ending gives us this 3 star rating.
It's been years since we have been here and I did like modernized sleek feel the place had now. We felt a little underdressed so maybe I would suggest slacks if you go. The drink menu looked nice for cocktails though we did not sample this time.
We started off with the beef tartare toast and the shrimp cocktail. The shrimp was fresh and good sized, though the sauce was not what we would have expected. The beef tartare on toast allowed the beef heats to excel, not over dosing you with horseradish. Excellent portion excellent dish.
The gnocchi was phenomenal, star of the dinner. Small portion size, but almost like au gratin potatoes in gnocchi form. Fantastic. You could not make a dinner out of the size if you were one person.
Finally we had the ny strip and the halibut for dinner. Everything was nicely cooked and seasoned, but it was just a good steak and a good piece of fish, not worth the price for sure.
Very expensive, one of the more expensive meals I have ever had in the city and not worth that price. May be next time, drinks and some gnocchiThis is an intimate restaurant perfect for date night.  The food did not disappoint.  It was excellent!  Every course from appetizers to dessert was prepared with precision and thoughtfulness.  Would highly recommend Friday Saturday Sunday.Great atmosphere, great service, and some of the food was delicious. Advice to chef: serve pasta al dante. Cocktails were great!Food and Ambience is very good. Unfortunately, the service could be better. We were pushed to order more items than we wanted to eat - so I felt I had to order an appetizer to please the waiter when he said "oh .... ... that's it" after we ordered entrees which he described as being a good size. Mind you that one main dishes was a half of a chicken. As an aside, we requested a different table (it was early at 5:30pm on a week day) and they were not willing to move us even though we had made a reservation and the place was relatively empty at that point. I guess that could be pretty annoying for the hostess but it's always a nice touch when a restaurant goes out of its way to make you happy.Wow. I would give extra stars if I could. The staff was excellent explaining all of the menu options and  you could obviously tell they knew what they were talking about. I had the Halibut for the main option and it's melt in your mouth. We went with a party of four and tried all of the desserts. They were delicious. We all shared the pasta options as well and they were all delicious. The music was great, vibe was upscale but super chill and the service and food were perfect. Amazing Saturday night out with good friends. We plan to go back soon.Very disappointed. First we had to view our menus with the tea light that was on the table. Other patrons were using their flashlights on their phone. The atmosphere was way too dark. We couldn't see what we were eating! The carrot dish lacked flavor. Just ok. The gnocchi dish was just small balls of mashed potatoes, no substance or pasta like texture which it should have. The sauce was basic and I could easily make it myself at home. Nothing special. The pasta dish with the lobster tasted good but made me literally sick that night. The servers wore t-shirt and jeans with cooks apron. Odd. Never again.Update: Visit #2 was just as good as the first, if not better. Got the scallop ceviche again, still excellent...the oysters, salad and gnocchi were equally enjoyable. The roasted chicken was the highlight, one of the very few places I'd order chicken regularly. And I will definitely be returning to this place on a regular basis.
My fairly high expectations were definitely exceeded this past Friday night. They've really done an amazing job transforming the old space. Our waiter went above and beyond to ensure a good dining experience, drinks were ridiculous and most importantly the food was delicious. 
The scallop ceviche, escargot and beef tartare were a pretty perfect way to start. Finished with the lobster bucatini and grilled shrimp, some of the best shrimp I've ever had...the lobster bucatini was good, but it was the least memorable thing we had. And anytime I can end an excellent meal with a citywide, I'm a very happy man. Looking forward to going back and trying the rest of the menu.Delicious, creative food with a helpful staff. A few minor tweaks and it would have been perfect!
Came for a late second dinner at 10:30pm. The beef tartare was delicious! Perfectly seasoned with nice crusty toasted bread. The oysters were not perfectly shucked, but they seasoned them and serve it with a lemon granita which is fun and interesting. The scallop ceviche was also creative with charred pineapple. The trotter gemelli was a bit salty but the texture was perfect. Cooked al dente with bits of meat and fat.Stunning restaurant in every way.. Great food, fresh and exciting atmosphere and perfectly professional staff. Rittenhouse Square has a new crown jewel.Amazing! From the ambience, to the food, and lastly the service! The portions are not large, but filling. I really enjoyed myself and will definitely return!This restaurant serves food with so much butter! Almost every plate I get contains a generous amount of butter; perhaps that's why it's so good! I'd recommend their octopus and their duck, it's truly amazing.Go just for the cocktails! Paul Mac Donald is a genius. People that follow cocktails as an art follow Paul. Don't order from the menu. Tell Paul your mood and a spirit, and let the master do the rest. There are two chefs at FSS, one in the kitchen, and one behind the bar. Guess which one makes the best use of eggplant and exotic fruits (hint: your probably wrong). Welcome back FSS, we're glad you're here.First time here and was great. Most things are small plates that you share but my mom hates doing that so she got an entrée of halibut. I got the octopus which was phenomenal and the cauliflower which I keep saying was like changing. Also got the asparagus as recommended by the waiter but it was just OK. Had some type of whiskey cocktail that was amazing. The black and tan dessert was out of this world.Omg the bar! The glasses! The cocktails.  my favorites are control state and cloudbreak which kind of reminds me of a non-sweet pina colada. The atmosphere is so great and they even have tables outside now!Came here on a brisk Friday evening after work with company. Walked in and we see a gorgeous white marble counter bar filled with sophisticated patrons and neatly uniformed bartenders. Walk upstairs to our host to an equally beautiful yet quieter dining area, sit down to comfortable chairs and we are greeted by our wonderful server, Tim. 
Everything from the elegantly crafted cocktails which are made by an alchemist of flavors, to the mind blowing dishes surpassed every single expectation. FSS simple sticks out as one of the best dining experience I've had in my life yet. The scallop ceviche was refreshing and light, the carrot and lobster bucatini was out of this world and desserts were equally unparalleled. Looking for a great dining experience to set a new bar ? I highly recommend FSSAs some of the previous entries have said, the food is good to great.  I loved my pasta dish (the three bites I had), but don't come here have hungry unless your willing to pay to fill your appetite.  I would have needed 3-4 pasta dishes to fill me.
A little can be blamed on my own taste, with neither of the first to sections of the menu appearing to me.  If you are a fan of the more raw selection, you may have better luck.  We went with two pasta dishes (very small), vegetables plate (delicious), and entree (roasted chicken).  The chicken was good, but didn't blow away other roasted chicken at lesser or comparable places.  It did have a bloody vein in it which turned off both of us.  
In the end, I don't know how this place is in the Philly top 10.  Good, not great experience.  Wanted to get a snack when it was all said and done, and spent $100 or more for dinner for two.
Funny side note:  I must have heard the identical speech about how to order off the menu all night.  Is this place corporate?In-freakin-credible.  
The new Friday Saturday Sunday is simply amazing.   The place looks gorgeous - very cool bar on the ground floor and a super modern looking dining area on the second floor.
We went for our anniversary dinner - they had been open for a couple of weeks.   The bartender is an absolute genius. Every one of the seven specialty cocktails is to die for - and yes, we drank them all.   He then sent an eighth one that wasnt on the menu - one that reminded me of an Indian chaas (kind of lassi).   if i had to pick one drink - i would do the Carte Blanche!  How the heck does he get eggplant into a drink -- this is a cocktail drinker's cocktail.  (as our waiter said - the industry types would LOVE this)
The food is ridiculously good -- tried the scallops ceviche, oysters (twice!!), the tartare, the octopus and the lobster bucatini.  as i write this - i am feeling hungry and want to go there again!!  The flavors that Chad has managed to put on the plates is nothing short of amazing.
and then the dessert -- absolutely try the Labneh Panacotta...oh my god!
This is absolutely a place i need to go to every other week....if not every week!I agree with other reviewers that the food is delicious, the servers are professional and courteous, and the wines are excellent. The new modern decor is very different from the old place of the same name. Thank goodness they got rid of the ancient carpeting on the stairs. (The dining room is upstairs and there is no elevator.) Plate portions vary - the halibut was tiny and the chicken was huge. Vegetables are not included - they are priced separately. This bar has no HH discounts. (Happy hour showed up online but apparently was left over from the old place) The music downstairs is way too loud to allow for normal conversation. Upstairs it's better but still it gets very loud up there once the placed is filled because there is no fabric to absorb the noise. The place is conveniently located so I would like to return but it's pricey so I won't be going there as often as the old place.To put it simply... Amazing! A must go. With out a doubt, Tim, our waiter capped off the experience with his excellent service and genuine belief in a top shelf product and service. This is a must try/do. Philadelphia restaurant at its best!Friday Saturday Sunday has it all! The servers and bartenders are very nice and knowledgeable, the drinks are fresh and delicious, but the best part is the food! Every plate was better than the other! The beef tartare was the best I've ever had. We will be back in no time to try everything on the menu!We came here late on a weeknight, and it was bustling! Friday Saturday Sunday is a great neighborhood restaurant, serving up high-quality food and unique drinks in a more informal setting.
At the beginning of our meal, the upstairs dining area was super (super) loud and busy - as a result, conversation was a bit difficult and our waiter seemed somewhat distracted. He did take the time to explain to us that the menu was shared-plates style, but then it took a while to get our drink and food orders in, and our first couple dishes came out in a peculiar order. (I say this because we ordered the some of the same dishes as the table next to us, who ordered 5-10 minutes later, and they got those items before we did.)
However, once our food arrived, the rest of the meal was wonderful. We really enjoyed our bucatini - the breadcrumbs and savory seafood were just delicious. We also loved the halibut and the New York Strip - we've never had such a tender and decadent rendition of that cut of steak! We also loved our drinks - I had the Well-Tempered Cocktail, a potent yet balanced gin and whiskey-based drink, and my dining mates enjoyed the Alternative Fact (tequila-based) and commented that the wine selection was quite good.
As things quieted down towards the end of our meal, our waiter warmed up a bit, and the meal finished off on a high note with a lovely mousse neapolitan cake. I'm quite happy to have discovered this place - my one recommendation is please, install some kind of sound proofing!Hands down best restaurant I have ever been to in New Jersey!  We got everything!  The entire menu!!! You won't be disappointed!  I'm in shock a place can be this good!! Thank you!!!Wonderful late night dinner spot with impeccable food and service.  Inventive cocktails as well as a strong beer and wine list accompany food and good looking crowds that are too die for. Close proximity to other watering holes and jaunts make this a win all around.  The most tender chicken in the city and the biscotti is also out of this world. Worth checking out for sure.Service was great. Oysters were small but tasty. Escargot was juicy and delicious. Shrimp was grilled to perfection. Chicken liver mousse was strong but spread over bread with a bit of jam and mustard seed it came together nicely!Very hip place around Rittenhouse square. The food was excellent but the portions where very small and a bit pricey. The service however was excellent. We tried the cauliflower, the sweet potato gnocchi and the octopus and everything was delicious! Their cocktails are also very good!i have to reiterate that this is absolutely the best bar in the city.  not only is it extremely aesthetically just lovely, the cocktails that the bartenders make both on and off menu are absolutely A+, coupled with the fact that despite how good it all is, they're the sweetest people.  very hands on, but let you sit in peace, and chat a bit if they can tell you're up for it.  i can't say much for the food (the other reviews speak volumes), but this is my favorite place to drink in Philadelphia.Food was AMAZING. Drinks were AMAZING. We sat at the bar and the bartenders Sasha and Paul were highly knowledgable and super nice. Paul whipped us up some drinks not on the menu and they were perfect. All of the food was so, so good. Highly recommend checking this place out!One of the best meals I've ever had! Explosive flavors on every dish. Started with potato gnocchi, as it's my husband's favorite. Split carrot confit & lobster second. Art work on a plate! The parsnips with the lobster were my favorite part! Split NY strip & cauliflower third. I don't think I've ever eaten a steak with that much flavor! Black & tan brownie for dessert for me & hummingbird cake for him. A meal to remember.The Drink "Control State" was delicious, but not anything amazing. It tasted similar to many other craft alcoholic beverages I've tried at other Center City bars and restaurants. Their vintage inspired glassware is; however, lovely. I also had the pleasure of trying the "Alternative Fact," which I found to be a bit boring after all the club soda was added. We did not eat, as we had reservations elsewhere, but the food menu is simple and for me a little too restrictive to be appealing. Unfortunately, they do not have a happy hour which is disappointing, being as though many online publications state the contrary. Perhaps it's outdated information from before the restaurant was refurbished and reopened? They should probably clarify this.WOW!!  Can't say enough about this amazing restaurant.  Started out with great cocktails downstairs and continued upstairs with amazing food.  Our party decided to indulge in sharing plates.  We had the most amazing octopus (I really hated sharing that dish), beef tartar, the freshest oysters I have ever had and the gnocchi is to die for!  The halibut and the NY Strip was absolutely flavorful and delicious without a doubt.  The service was impeccable....Andrew certainly was knowledgeable about the preparation of food and made our dining experience one of a kind.  Can't stop telling our friends and can't wait to return.  By far the best meal we've ever had.  Thank you everyone at Friday, Saturday, Sunday for an unbelievable dining experience!Do not miss this magical experience! Oh. My. God. 
The food, the atmosphere, and the service is to drool for! That's all I can say--you'll have to find out the rest for yourself but you will certainly not be disappointed.We were greeted by the lovely and friendly hostess who I later found out was one of the owners.  The food was absolutely delicious and a dining experience. The sauces on the shrimp and octopus couldn't be beat. Yummmmm to the chicken entree and seafood. Our waiter was very attentive and gave us great recommendations so we didn't order too much or too little. I have never seen such a friendly staff and a packed restaurant at 10 pm. No one rushes you and the ambience is just perfect.This is my favorite place in Philly right now. The attention to detail is phenomenal. Every dish is an experience. The cocktails are incredible, too.Look, the food is great (the crispy skin on the chicken is what dreams are made of), the cocktails are on point, and the space is a quintessential upscale Philly spot. Unfortunately, the service leaves much to be desired. I've come on three different occasions bringing friends the last two times. The first time my wife and I sat at the downstairs bar and had lovely service from the bartender who expertly kept track of the many parties waiting for bar seats. Perhaps this thoughtful service set our expectations too high for what we would find upstairs in the formal dining room. 
The next time we came we booked reservations with friends for 8 PM on a Friday. We planned to get appetizers, cocktails, and desserts and they acted appalled that we declined the main menu. Everyone in the party agreed that the waitstaff behaved oddly. A month or so later, we brought friends again. This time, we didn't make reservations because we were only planning on cocktails and desserts and didn't want to take a table if it was busy. We arrived around 9:30PM on a Saturday after a show at the Kimmel Center and we just wanted to wind down the end of the night on a sweet note. We were seated right away in a half-full room. Yet, our waiter was so offended that we declined the dinner menu that he told us that the restaurant was only open to customers interested in a full meal. Flabbergasted and embarrassed in front of our out-of-town guests, we agreed to order a vegetable dish to placate him. Philly is a city full of nice restaurants and its prime location makes it a spot that will attract patrons with varying meal needs. 
This could have been a favorite, go-to spot for me, especially to impress out-of-town guests, but their service needs some work before it can achieve that.Great overall experience! Walked in and the atmosphere was great, went with a friend but would definitely suggest for a nicer date spot. Service was good- attentive but not overbearing, and our food came out at a great pace for us. We ended up sharing a selection of small plates, because they looked more interesting than the entree sized dishes. For two people, we shared five small plates and a dessert and that was the perfect amount of food. They divided when they brought out the dishes, so that it ended up being like 4 courses, which was perfect, since we never got overwhelmed by the amount of plates on our table, and they did pair things well, even though we selected simply based on what we thought looked good. The pasta was fantastic, particularly the bucatini, and the carrot dish was a surprise favorite (interesting textures and flavor combinations). For dessert we shared the hummingbird cake, which was not what I expected at all but was delicious! Never seen a dessert like that (which is why we got it), and absolutely loved it. 
Overall, atmosphere and service were great, and the food was more interesting than a lot of what you can find in Philly. Great choice for when you can splurge a little on dinner.Go there now. Went twice, among the best in the area, both times good. Please stay delicious and friendly. Not often I'm happily surprised by good technique and creativity.Warm and inviting space, relaxed and professional staff, perfectly prepared tasty food and drink. Roasted chicken was hands down best I've ever had. Beef tartare was spot on. Comfy seating and table spacing which seem to be sorely lacking in other restaurants these days. I look forward to frequenting often.