This place is a hidden gem. Tucked away at the end of Chestnut Square, it's easy to walk past this place and not realize it's there. I've visited three times in the past couple of months and have not been disappointed. The quality and freshness of ingredients are great. The staff is also very friendly, especially the two girls that have served me.My wife has raved about Fuel for years, especially the South Philly location. So I decided to give it a try. I went to the University City location a couple of times now. I know the whole premise of the restaurant is everything on the menu is under a certain number of calories, but the chicken is sooo dry and the wraps that I got were beyond bland. They also charge $3 for extra veggies, which honestly I couldn't even tell the difference.
So, I don't know if the quality varies from location to location, but the University City restaurant left little to be desired.
On the plus side, their smoothies are delicious.Healthy options, solid food, quick delivery!
Ordered the Thai rice bowl and some chips and salsa- no they don't go together but they tasted very good on their own. Bowl portion was big, fresh, tasty and I couldn't finish it. Some fresh herbs would have topped it off and sent it to 5 stars. Salsa and chips delicious as a snack for late night. Surprisingly the chips were out of a bag and didn't appear house made. GF yes, but not house made. Yes I would absolutely order again when I am in University City and feel good about what I ate!I got a sweet potatoe rice bowl. I had high hopes since I had one at the center city location and it was really good. But sadly when I got my Bowl here, the rice was very under cooked, they barely gave me any chicken which I had to pay extra for, and the it was very dry. Did not have the same flavor as the one on 13th and walnut. I was so upset I had to call the manager back and she had to comp my bowl for me. I won't be going to this location againWent here not expecting much for a healthy "fast food" option on a Sunday afternoon. Immediately able to order a roast turkey wrap on an iPad interface where you have to dodge extra toppings and meat options like whoa. We added a protein buster shake and roasted veggies for a ridiculous like charges were added after the base roast turkey was ordered. The wrap was small for 11-12 dollars and the added veggies was and absolutely weak add on portion. The "mixed greens" on the side was an after thought and pretty disappointing for a place that would pride themselves on healthy fresh experience. The only silver lining was the shake as it was a tasty addition to the meal. I would consider going back for a shake, but not food.I order from fuel in center city three times a week.  Tonight I accidenyly ordered from this one through uber eats.  Worst decision ever. The Bbq pulled chicken bahn mi was suppose to be over a salad.  What I received was dry, cubed chicken with a side of bbq sauce with a gingerly sprinkle of see-through shredded carrots and microscopic red onions and jalapenos.  Vietnam should smack you all upside the head for disgracing the good name of Bahn mi.
  The rice bowl my poor hungry boyfriend ordered was barely half full and contained only two pieces of chicken. At $12 that's despicable.
   Lastly the lettuce wraps came with enough chicken to fill one piece of lettuce.  The cup, which is usually packed to the top from the center city restaurant was sadly filled only half way  with half of it containing this disgusting water the chicken was soaking in.  
       DO NOT ORDER FROM THIS FUEL. IT IS A JOKE.  
  Now if you'll excuse me, I have to go make dinner, because after wasting $40, we are still starving.I ordered their acai bowl through uber eats, and while the taste was ok, it was literally like eating a bowl of fruit soup. Not worth the price, and definitely would not describe it as an acai bowl.Smaller location then others but very good food and fast service. Staff are friendly and always willing to answer questions about the menuReally disappointing! I was nearby so I thought instead of going out of my way to Sweetgreen I could get a decent salad here- I was so wrong. I ordered the Chopped Salad. It wasn't chopped and they barely even MADE the salad; they put the dressing on the side, not on top. If I wanted a bag of lettuce with chickpeas thrown on top I would've gone to the grocery store- and spent a lot less than $8. Don't waste your time here if you want a good salad and a quick meal.The decor and people working in the place are both great. Very vibrant and friendly and the service was really quick. 
The food is so so. I ordered a small Chicken dumpling soup and BBQ Chicken Bahn Mi on a whole wheat wrap.
The size of the wrap was good and it comes with a small side of mixed greens and balsamic vinegar. My sandwich was just ok. Nothing really special. There's a whole lot of flavor happening, not all of it bad but not all of it good. I wish I had more descriptive language but I'm just uninspired.
The soup, good gravy...actually it was more gravy like. They could really thin it out a bit. Its very lumpy and thick in consistency. The small cut veggies and reddish chicken screams pre-packaged/canned, but there's a home-made kind of flavor to it. Perhaps, the dumplings cooked down too long and it thickened up the soup, I can't tell you. I've had soup with thick, hearty consistency that avoid being lumpy.
Would I go back, probably, but I may venture a bit further in search of something else before heading back to Fuel.I came in the other day to grab lunch and was blown away at how friendly and helpful the staff was. the young guy at the counter was extremely patient with me when i couldn't decide between the pesto tbm and the bbq chicken bahn mi. he recommended the tbm, which i got and was extremely pleased. it was delicious and i'll definitely be coming back for another!!I ordered the hummus with vegetables and the sweet potato fries... The fries were barely edible, they were mostly burnt, black and cold by the time I got them. I honestly ended up feeding them to my dog. When I received my hummus and veggies, there was only three pieces of Cucumber and 4 pieces of peppers. The lack of care in preparation of the food alone would make me never order from here again. I've always enjoyed Fuel in South Philly but I won't order from the one in University City again.The smoothies and juices are great, but I would avoid the sandwiches. I just ordered a chicken Gorgonzola panini and it was barely toasted so the bread was soggy, the chicken was too think for a pressed sandwich, and they put SO much salt on the tomato that I couldn't eat it. Definitely not going back anytime soon for lunch.Extremely underwhelmed by this experience. We went there to participate in the University City Dining Days deal. When we went up to order we were told that in order to do this, we needed "cards" for Dining Days, but the store had run out. This made zero sense because we were also told that we were the first customers to come in for Dining Days. So we had to walk to another restaurant, pick up these useless cards (really just ads for Dining Days), come back, and give them to the cashier, who didn't even look at them. They were out of a few options of food, but didn't bother to mention that to us until after we'd ordered, even though we'd been sitting at the tables for quite a while beforehand. After ordering, I stood at the register, just waiting to pay, and was completely ignored for about ten minutes. There were eight or nine customers in the entire place and 4-5 employees, so I don't see why this was such an issue. The food itself was okay, but after having to substitute my initial order, I wasn't totally satisfied. They have good options and I would try something else there another time, but probably at the Center City location where the service was MUCH more friendly and quick. If they're going to participate in something like Dining Days, they need to be more welcoming and knowledgeable of how the system works.Came here on a Sunday afternoon. We were dying for a drink. 
We were intrigued by the iPad ordering system. We both ordered smoothies with almond milk, mango, banana and strawberries. 
The smoothie was average. It wasn't very good nor interesting. It was around $4.20 for a small one. Definitely won't be back.Staff is very accommodating and pleasant. The food is good too though I took a star away bc they got rid of the salmon. Otherwise it's perfect!I like this place because it is quick, convenient, and healthy. If you are looking for low-calorie, healthy, varied food, this is a good place to go. I loved how I could practically customize my wrap which even came with a salad! I had a whole wheat wrap with smoked salmon, avocado, veggies, tomato, and mozzarella.The only issue was that there isn't much indoor seating and you don't get waited on, so I would recommend taking my food to go.  I can't wait to return and try something different!Horrible customer service, noone greets you, very slow with making orders, and it seemed like the people working here were confused about what they were exactly supposed to making even with order tickets. I ordered an acai smoothie that tasted like the grape nyquil my mother forced down my throat when I was a sick kid. When I told them that, they acted like that was what acai was supposed to taste like with attitude and didnt offer to correct the situation. Save your money and your time.Bad food. Soggy fries. I know they're baked but no excuse for them to be mushy. They tasted microwaved. The quinoa and black bean burger was nothing special. The strawberry tahini shake got separated and really just tasted like milk blended with frozen strawberries. Overall extremely underwhelming and overpriced food.Worst salad ever! Ordered the shrimp and avocado shrimp with no onion. The greens were yellow, half of the avocado was black and of course they added onion in the salad. Very disappointed for a $10 salad! Would never go back again! Rather go to sweetgreen for the same price with quality of good! Now I understand why everything is under 500cal, because you need to get rid of half of the portion!After hearing about my first experience, the manager quickly responded offering me a complimentary meal. I redeemed that today and ordered what I would have ordered had it been available last time. The food happened to be much better this time around as was the service. Thanks especially to Demetria.Follow up to my previous review. I wanted to give Fuel a second chance and I'm glad I did. I got the white bean escarole soup and a greek salad. The soup was hearty, flavorful and gave me a good feeling inside.My salad was good and it wasn't drowning in dressing, which sort of defeats the purpose of a salad. Well done!  Just In, I had a couple of the sweet potato fries. YO! YO!! Very good flavors, although, they don't travel well and weren't crispy, it is easily overlooked.The food here is average, but they offer a lot of healthy options. I work right around the corner from this place, and it is nice to have a healthy and convenient option available. They ran a promotion back in April, and I was one day late, and the manager honored my coupon anyway. The staff I have encountered are all very nice. The computer system that is used to order your food is not as easy to operate as some other places like Wawa.I ordered a wrap yesterday. It was inedible. I am hoping the business owner will reach out to me. I've attached photos of the entire wrap that was doused  in pepper and salt. Covered, every inch, in black pepper ..this wasn't on the list of ingredients and surely was a mistake. So disappointing for a $15 UberEATS delivery.Good spot if your looking for something quick and on the healthy side. I was able to customize my order which is nice because I'm really picky. I'll definitely be back.I'm so excited this new location opened! I've heard of Fuel and have been wanting to try it and I'm so glad I did. The concept is great especially since healthy is so hot right now. You can be in and out of this place quickly and get a tasty low calorie meal.  The service was on point, very helpful and it was super easy to order my meal.  The salad I ordered was fresh and delicious. Sorry I ate it before I could snap a pic :) I went during lunch so it did get pretty busy but I guess that's a good thing! I just used the opportunity to take my salad and enjoy the weather while I ate. They even have charging stations for the few minutes you're there while you wait for your food or if you choose to dine in. In my opinion the pricing is typical for what you're getting. I mean this isn't McDonalds folks! If you're looking for a yummy healthy meal definitely check out this hip new spot!Got the ginger chicken rice bowl. It was so disappointing...the chicken is dry, sparse, and cut up into the smallest pieces. For $13, it literally was jut brown rice a few pieces of ginger and some frozen red pepper pieces tossed in. The chicken to rice ratio was also so off. You get like a pound of rice and maybe half a chicken breast. Also the ginger sauce tasted like nothing. If you go here, definitely stick to a sandwich or salad. Heard those are much better though the chicken will always be dry so stay away from that.FYI: You order and pay on tablets up front and everything is packed as "to go" with utensils and even a mini salt & pepper packet. Their plastic containers are also pretty nice. Like you can totally wash it and reuse it.
WHAT I GOT: Gyro chicken rice bowl
PROS: Honestly, I was pleasantly surprised by the portion size of the meal. Since everything they offer is supposedly under 500 calories, I was expecting like a bite sized, mini bowl of food but it was actually a decent sized meal that left me pretty satisfied. The flavors were pretty ok, the yogurt sauce being my personal favorite, and they gave a hefty portion of chicken. I mean granted, their flavor combinations were all classic and safe. The mini packet of salt and pepper was also pretty nice to have so that you could season your own food. 
CONS: For starters, the rice was mushy and the chicken was beyond dry. The yogurt sauce saved it a little bit but not by much. It's also way expensive for what you get. Like on a normal day, I wouldn't even think about paying $12 for a meal. Everything was just okay. It wasn't like super good but not bad either. Completely lackluster and average. But for that price, definitely not a regular stop for me.Food is average and overpriced. Not the worst if you're in a pinch and need somewhere to eat, but wouldn't be my first choice.I was excited to check this place out today as it just opened in University City last week. I asked some of my students who had already visited what they thought and they told me "don't get your hopes up" and "the food is really 'blah'". Well, I'm 2/3s through my Deconstructed Guacamole Salad w/ chicken and can say they are sooooo wrong. I guess asking the opinions of a bunch of college students who are used to eating chicken fingers and cheese fries for 5 bucks at a food truck wasn't the best way to survey this restaurant. Sure, it's a bit on the pricier side, but I'm fine with paying the added premium for fresh, organic and healthy real food. 
My salad was made with arugula which had a wonderful spicy bite and was perfectly complimented by the lemony citrus jalapeno dressing and the cool fattiness of the avocado. The red onions, black beans, cherry tomatoes and salsa added that extra freshness that had me gobbling the whole thing up faster than I intended. Oh and the small sprinkling of chips were an awesome crispy surprise. 
I loved the fact that you order from a kiosk like at Wawa; that really helps prevent order issues and truly expedites the process. My take? Don't go here if you're looking for a giant, cheap meal. Go to Fuel if you're looking for fresh, healthy food to fill you up without making you feel like you ate a bowling ball. All in all, I'm really excited that I all I have to do to feel good about myself at lunch is to cross the street :)Great food and really great staff. I enjoyed the bowls, the paninis and the smoothies. Fuel is a good healthy alternativeThis was my first time ordering from Fuel (through UberEats)and I have to say I was very pleased. I ordered the Tofu bowl and Avocado toast. The flavors were spot on and the portion size was great for the price. The food was fresh and hot and I would definitely recommend Fuel to anyone who wants to try a healthy option.The layout of this place can make things difficult when you're showing up at peak times. Good luck also finding a seat!  The spinach artichoke dip was great, but not worth the cost. The food is quite pricey so understand you may drop $15 on lunch.  There is an app for Fuel that allows you to get $2 off your meal the first time you use the app... unfortunately they don't have the scanner to use the app (at least that's what a worker told me). I may come back when in the area.If your looking for something relatively healthy and fast than this is your spot. Serving sizes are a bit on the lighter end. Their model of ordering is efficient and completely computerized. Very small restaurant and not a lot of seating.  I would suggest getting this to go. 
All in all it is a solid choice but by no means unique.I got the chicken gyro bowl--the main base of the bowl is brown rice, and most of mine was over cooked, and crunchy, sadly ruining the dish. they also barely put any chicken in which is disappointing since it was over $12. interested in trying more here but definitely wouldn't go for anything rice based againMight just have been the food I ordered, but my chicken TBM was deeply mediocre (mozzarella wasn't fresh, tomato wasn't ripe, came with balsamic dressing instead of balsamic glaze). Quality was subway-esque, and while I don't mind subway I certainly wouldn't pay just under $10 for it.Hmm, this place has a great fit and pumped vibe inside, for sure, but I kind of question how this place is health based. Yes, the calories are something, they have a pretty decent selection, but I guess the ingredients are the best? Although, they do have a lot of customization available. I went there for the smoothie and I built my own, there weren't a lot of options at all. The smoothie my mum had was overly sweet. Tasted ok, but not the best nor the healthiest.We had the kale salad, guacamole and veggies, the protein buster and the açaí bowl. All were very good!I've been going there a bit and each time food was super awesome! I got the combo dealio and the panini and salad  was super dope. Soup was pretty decent too! Service was great too! Like everyone's super chill! Shoutout to Joseph! Dudes So nice!I really picked this place because it was one of the nearest and healthiest deliveries on postmates. There was a very minor issue with the postmates app telling me that my order would be cancelled if i didn't update the change. I couldn't see the change on my computer and so i called and spoke with Dave and he gave me some troubleshooting suggestions and offered to call postmates if I was unable to resolve the issue. I was able to resolve the problem and I really appreciated his patience and help. The delivery came sooner than expected, which is always a plus in my book. I had the quinoa black bean burger and the Detox drink. The burger came with a nice-sized side salad (which I was not expecting, so that too was a plus). I had never been to a FUEL and did not know what to expect, but obviously I had expected too much. The burger was ok, but it didn't seem like anything other than a previously frozen patty spruced up with avocado, onions and spread. I wasn't a fan of the bread, but the overall taste was ok. Now i did love the fact that they wrapped my drink cup so as to avoid any spillage, that was very much appreciated. However, the drink itself tasted like a fountain slushy and it was super sweet. I guess i didn't realize that this was a fast food place, I rarely eat fast foods. But it served its purpose and the interaction helped to make it an ok experience.Had a wonderful experience here, the manager that I visited was super personable and provided exceptional service. I highly recommend you give this place a visit if you're in the university city area!As I'm learning the ropes to become a health and wellness coach, I'm seeking out local smoothie shops I can get a few tips, tricks and pointers from so of course I had to check out a place called Fuel! The first thing that came to mind when I strolled upon it during one of my lunch walks was, "What a way to keep me fueled on my walks!" They are genius, right? Lol. Outside there's seating so that you can catch a breeze, catch up on social media, people watch or enjoy the scenery from the Drexel Campus across the street. The small charming shop offers self-service touchscreens to place your order. I opted for the Smoothie Fest cup so that I can take advantage of the refills since I HAD planned on returning. However, once I tasted it, something was off.  Not sure if they used water or too much ice but my Wake Me Up smoothie was almost flavorless. It tastes as if it was made with powder and not the bursting flavors of real fruit. The interior is coffee shop-esque with seating almost on top of each other. They do have a bulletin board for businesses, upcoming events, etc. for people to post things. The inside was clean but I can't say the staff was attentive. A few of us had to ask if the drink on the counter was ours. I will return to see if maybe it was the smoothie I chose. I also want to try the food before moving on.Real juice. Real flavor. Real ingredients. This place is the real deal. I've never had a juice with the actual pulp inside. And the team is dope. Louis and crew are the bomb.This food is literally amazing. Highly recommend the avocado toast. I crave it a lot and have to force myself not to order it every night! Great pricing for such fresh and delicious ingredients. The açaí bowl is very good too. I wish I lived closer to this place!! Love the concept. Wish they would open a location at Temple University.I never really write reviews, but the turkey burger was like rubber and was ready in about 2 minutes from when I placed the order.Usually have no problem here but today was REAL annoying. I was the only one in the restaurant and they managed to give me a completely different burger than I'd ordered. Had to go back and get it replaced. Left again and finally got to sit down to eat and there was no god damn avocado. If I walked back I'd be late for class so I went without that very important and expensive ingredient, which is probably my favorite part of the whole damn thing.My friend took me here for smoothies and we both ordered smoothies. The lady gave us both extra 16 oz of what we ordered and said she didn't want to throw away extra. Thank you for that! Will definitely come again soon. 
The one in pink was apple juice with mango, raspberry and strawberries, along with protein. The other one was the same but pineapple juice. 
I took one star away because of air circulation.I Came in Friday morning, was at Pearelmen Center dropping my aunt off, so I was starving and remembered they opened up one of my favorite places I used to lunch with my coworkers at when I worked in center city, so I decided to check it out! OMG it was beautifully done, and omg fast! Super friendly staff, fresh and tasty food and Exactly the "fuel" needed for my long day of errands! thank you I'll be back next week!Best lunch spot in town! Real food that actually comes from the Earth like brown rice and kale with tofu and Korean BBQ sauce in a bowl that's absolutely delicious. The people who work there are consistently helpful and considerate. They also have a huge selection of smoothies that are fantastic. My favorite is called protein buster, it's got banana, honey, possibly some other fruit and you can add an energy booster to it or even creatine. Overall it makes me so happy that I can find quality, healthy food quickly and affordably at an easily accessible place in the city.The mango lime smoothie was actually pretty good; refreshing and not too sweet. However, the baked sweet potato fries were soggy though the flavor was good and the guacamole with charred corn literally looked like the corn can straight out of a can. Just okay overallI hate to review businesses poorly, but... when all of your food is canceled and the drink, the one item left, is wrong.... well, there's not much positive one can say.
Bascially, I didn't receive my order... except for an iced coffee. The iced coffee was supposed to have sweetener and cream, but... yeah, no. Neither. Lesson learned, I suppose. Fuel Uiveristy City ought to be avoided.been meaning to try this place and had opportunity after my recent haircut. I love it that they have so many Vegan/Vegetarian options. You can have Rice Bowl, Salad Bowl or Sandwich. I had the 3rd: Wheat Panini Eggplant and Goat Cheese. Very good. Comes with Salad greens and balsamic dressing. They also have Juice/Fruit Smoothie/Coffee Bar. Employees were friendly and food came promptly. I will go back and I do recommend to friends who try to eat healthier. Prices were reasonable.Wish I could give a 0 star rating. My guacamole which was $8.59, was just completely rotten. I ate through the corn which was the first half of the bowl, and tried to pick around the rest, but the bottom has completely browned and I feel extremely sick.While in Drexel area, I decided to pay this place a visit, because I was hungry and wanted to avoid fast food which I often get. I ended up ordering for pickup on Grubhub, because they offered a 5 dollar discount on all orders. I had been to a Fuel location previously in center city, which was decent. 
I came in about 15 minutes after ordering on the app to pick up, and I sat down to eat in the restaurant. The ambiance was decent, and the area was fairly clean. 
I had ordered the 'South Philly' sandwich on rye, which ended up having some chicken, cheese, and sautéed pepper. To be honest, I would say this was mediocre at best. The sandwich seemed to lack any sort of sauce, and the chicken was somewhat dry. It came with some  pile of leaves on the side, which seemed like a lame salad with literally just greens. 
I had also ordered baked 'Sweet Potato Fries.' These we're also somewhat disappointing, and they were pretty soggy. I understand that baked fries won't be as crispy as deep-fries ones, but from personal experience, I know tasty baked wedges are possible to make. I did, however, enjoy the spicy ketchup on the side. 
Overall, I probably wouldn't pay this place a visit again. The food wasn't awful, but it definitely isn't worth the prices, and I can definitely make this stuff at home with much better quality. I like the idea of fast, casual healthy food. But I've definitely seen other restaurants do it MUCH better before.Quality is inconsistent. I've ordered before and the food was good, but for some reason, my order today (a bulgogi rice bowl) was seriously lacking: only half the container was full and there was ONE, yes ONE, piece of kimchi. I ordered this from postmates so I'm wondering if they skimped knowing the customer wasn't in front of them...? Just a guess!This restaurant was a complete letdown. It did not feel very clean inside, the wait was long for the short line, and the workers were not very friendly. And, of course, the food was no good. My smoothie was extremely watery and lacked flavor. The bowl I ordered had maybe 4 tiny pieces of chicken and a ridiculous amount of poorly-cooked rice. It tasted so horrible to the point where I could barely eat it. Save your money and go elsewhere.Food's good on the whole (I had the "South Philly" which was great"), but it's a little on the expensive side (2 sandwiches 1 side dish came to $30), and service is very slow.  I definitely prefer their center city location. If a friend really wanted to eat here, I'd come back with them, but I likely wouldn't return on my own.staff is always very friendly and welcoming. The place is clean and staff washes their hands frequently. The açaí bowls are very hit or missStopped in because I was in the area and in the mood for a coffee. 
Decided on a cold brew. I like cold brew.
What I got was watered down dishwater. 
I gave up and went to Starbucks to redeem my tastebuds. I didn't even finish it. Big time letdown.Well it's been a while since I've been able to get out so I'm just really glad about that. I was with a friend at Drexel and we came here for a smoothie. It was good. I wish I had known about the app, it would have been free!Honestly this place exceeded my expectations. 
I came here because I work in the area and Im always hunting for something good to eat. When I came here the first time I didn't have much of an appetite but was going to just settle for shake shack which is next door (not a huge fan of that place but I was tired). 
I got a protein booster smoothie. Banana, peanut butter, whey protein, and almond milk. It was only $5 and change which personally I don't think is too bad of a price. 
They also have various smoothies, juices and sandwiches here. 
Ive been back a couple more times and typically I just get a protein smoothie. But again, I work in the area so Ill be back to try other things. Its nice to have a place I can go to that isn't super expensive, is fast, and I don't feel guilty after eating it.I'm not too keen on their food. The "fill-er-up" idea is probably your best deal since this place can get pricey very quickly. Though, being the healthiest spot on campus, I can't say I'm too mad. I mostly come here for the Protein Buster when I'm too lazy to bring my own protein shakes, and I'm super thrilled you can add creatine and other stuff to it if you want. There's no protein aftertaste which makes me recommend this double over. Obviously, healthy eating isn't cheap in general, so you could easily make all this stuff at home, but in a pinch when you're feeling lazy, I would at least give this place a shot.It was my first time eating at this location. The staff are very welcoming and friendly. The place itself isn't big, but it has couple of table to seat and dine in. It's a self service. The place itself it's clean. Food came out in to go plastic boxes. But it was delicious! I got a veggie burger and my friend got shrimp salad. Good food, good time.They must be understaffed here. It took forever to get my food and they didn't seem to know what they were doing. While I was buying my food the two staffers were just chilling and then suddenly started working 5-10 mins after I ordered. I get their understaffed but it just took forever.Nice little spot for some tea or coffee, even lunch. Right off passyunk.  A nice staff and indoor and outdoor seating.
Eye catching little store front.
Pretty good food if you are vegan ir vegetarian.
RecommendedI've ordered delivery from this location several times, and I've been disappointed every time. The quality of the dishes I order are atrocious, the food looks like it was thrown in to the travel container, and it tastes terrible! The smoothie is filled with many large chunks of ice so I feel like I chew every gulp, or my flatbread is totally burned! Incredibly disappointed, and I won't be ordering from here again.This is my new favorite place for takeout. Everything I've tried so far has been delicious. The kale salad is soooo good and especially if you add chicken to it. I love that there is a place I can order healthy food for takeoutThis is a revised review.  My initial review upon consideration was a bit harsh and pretty unflattering.  I wrote the following revision because Rocco, the owner, chef responded to my initial posting.  His response demonstrated that he cares about the quality of his food and his customers.  Rocco is a class act and in this day and age customer service goes a long way.  While the following is not a love letter it is a less visceral review of our Fuel dining experience...
Fuel keeps you going and this restaurant fits that bill, but I was not wowed by the food.   The concept is healthy food options all less than 500 calories; however when we received our food they seem really liberal with the oil on the turkey wrap, and I question how they calculate the nutrition of their menu items.  We live very close to the restaurant and after passing by for many months decided to finally give it a try and got some food delivered.  When it was delivered in less than 15 minutes I was concerned about the quality of what we were receiving and the attention to detail in its preparation.  For me, the food was uninspired and given the calorie counts perhaps more could have been done with flavor.  My husband ordered the turkey wrap that arrived with oily pesto soaking through the wrap; however he reported liking it.  I had the sweet pea dip with grilled wonton skins.  It was good and I like the idea of it a lot.  The high protein grilled cheese arrived with the cheese not at all melted on hard crusted bread whose crunch factor was a bit much for me.  However; the lemon cream cheese addition was delicious   The sandwich did not represent the comforting grilled cheeses of my youth, and I think that was what I was in the mood for and so my initial review may well have been clouded by my expectation of something more familiar and comforting.  I also feel our $24 cost was a bit pricy for an appetizer and 2 sandwiches, but as I have learned from my communication with Rocco that everything is made in house that cost may well be relative.  
I generally am not one of those nice foodies who tries a place 2 or 3 times to get a more balanced perception, but I truly appreciate the concept and the fact that Rocco had the chutzpah to respond to my negative review with aplomb makes me think we will probably give Fuel another try.  The concept is a really good one and I appreciate the health conscious bent.Go to for sandwiches and salads on the avenue- they post the calorie count for everything and have plenty of healthy protein filled options!Horrible food I had in quite a while. Worse that any mall food court. Had the Korean BBQ chicken wrap. Chicken was gray and disgustingly dry!!
Nothing good about it, lack flavor and the wilted side salad was a disgrace. If I could give zero stars they earned it.First time visitor.... I got the Fuel chopped salad w/ chicken.... everything was fresh and it tasted amazing. I would absolutely go back.Food is not bad at all. Could use a little more meat in most of the sandwiches. I would give the restaurant a rating of 4 out 5 stars. However, their delivery service is awful. Typically takes 1.5 hours for them to come even if you are less then 1 mile from their establishment.Fuel has some good healthy options for takeout. Food is good. A bit expensive, but worth it if you're in a pinch.I had dinner here with a friend who bought a Groupon and I really liked it! We really enjoyed it and will be back. 
We started with a Spicy Shrimp Skewer appetizer to share. It was seasoned perfectly because we both like spicy things and it was very spicy. It was served on top of a yogurt and cucumber dip that helped combat the spice. 
 For my main entree I ordered a Roasted Turkey Panini on Wheat bread and it was served with a side salad. The panini was so good! It had goat cheese, pesto and on it with some greens. It was delicious and I recommend it!Best quick healthy food in town. The south Philly wrap is delicious and they are always incredibly friendly.I ordered the vegetable wrap pretty decent, I'll go back and try a different item, me and the dining room was a very clean.Great for takeout...love the sandwiches and the quality of the food, but the restaurant itself is equivalent to going to a club as other reviews have noted.my son and i are trying to live a healthy lifestyle. and because i hate to food shop, there was nothing in the house. delivery rarely has healthy options. so i googled and found fuel. super impressed. i had a brie, cranberry and apple chutney flatbread and a turkey goat cheese, pesto on a wheat wrap. my son had a grilled cheese and some kind of green pea ap. he had a mango madness juice and i had the detox. i am never a fan of juice, but this was super yummy and i actually felt healthier after i had it. i will say, for delivery, it was the biggest bill i ever had for 2, but it was worth it. i will now make fuel a regular stop on my bike rides thru the city. i need to try more of these amazing juices and smoothies!!!Delicious food, attentive owner and staff.  Love the carrot ginger smoothie.This is a hole in the wall gem. This restaurant is a block away from Broad Street. Parking is metered street parking, and you may have difficulty finding a spot close to the restaurant. By 5pm, the 6 metered spots nearest to the restaurant is only for valet parking for the restaurant next door. Fuel is not handicap accessible, there is only limited seating capacity. Their single Male/Female bathroom is large and clean. Our waitress was friendly and helpful. The Sweet Pea Wonton we had was delicious. I am on a hot mission to try and find a similar or exact replica of this dish online so I could make it at home. The Smoked Salmon Wrap and Fuel Stacker Panini were both delicious. I have no complaints at all. I left satisfied but not overstuffed. I will definitely return back here again.A HUGE improvement has been made as far as the smoothies are concerned. 
The soup de jour is a MUST. So far I've sampled the thai chicken with red curry, lobster bisque, and baked potato, and I have never been disappointed. 
The paninis are also very good. I got the roasted vegetable one (kinda unwillingly, since I'm really not a fan of roasted veggie sandwiches, but had to watch my post-holiday caloric intake) and was very pleasantly surprised. The balsamic vinegar wasn't overwhelming as it tends to be on other shop's sandwiches. 
I'm a bit disappointed that their delivery time tends to take a bit longer than they say it will, but I will chalk that up to dealing with lunchtime traffic in Philly.Fuel is my go to spot since I am constantly watching what I eat. 
My favorites include:
Roasted Turkey Salad (pretty fulling)
Sweet Pea Wonton App
Protein Buster Shake 
smoked salmon and goat cheese egg white frittata (brunch only)
Keep in mind that the bread is not included in the calorie count of items and that the bread slices are less calories than the wraps. 
The coffee is a bit weak for my tastes, as well and for a banana whip I would go to HipCityVeg since theirs are much creamier.I order Fuel a fair amount because the delivery is very convenient for when I don't want to leave the office for lunch. The delivery is always very fast and the employees are nice, but to me the food can be hit or miss. Sometimes the wraps I get are very dry and somewhat bland. Even though the food doesn't wow me, I keep going back because it is so convenient, and so I have eventually found items on the menu I do really like. Their hummus is really amazing, maybe some of the best hummus I have ever had. Unfortunately, that is one of the few items I can really rave about. I often get smoothies as well, but I usually don't like them. Any smoothie with mango in it is full of mango fibers that get stuck in your teeth and are very irritating. I will probably still go back because of the convenience, but I can't really give a sparkling review.Simple and great tasting food is here at FUEL.  I had the South Philly Panini with chicken, cheese, roasted red peppers, and it came with a small side salad with balsamic dressing.  The only complaint was that they burned the bread a bit.  But it was a nice size and filling.
My coworker and I also had the guacamole which was really good.
FUEL had a Yelp deal $15 for $20 which I was allowed to purchase online before ordering and use.  Nice!  I also like that they have the calorie counts.  Next time I'll try one of their fruit blend drinks.One of the best in the city. Everything is fresh and natural/organic, for the price everything is amazing and eating organic rarely is ever cheap. For the area I would say the food is cheap! (Does price really matter that much when the food is always good?) I was a little bit scared before trying because I've never really tried and liked a lot of other food like it, but I can say that I absolutely loved it. I even took home my left over wrap and it was still really good the next day. If you're ever in the area please try it, you wont regret it. It's so good!! Good job Fuel team, keep up the good work. I will keep coming back and would gladly recommend to anyone in the city.Great place dine in or get delivery. Just started eating healthy and this was the best spot to start with!!! Small and cozy inside a lil pricey but worth itFuel has great healthy food, but really slow service and inconsistent.  The delivery is pretty quick, but inconsistent product (burnt pannini), sweet pea wonton also varies in taste.  I have eaten in twice and for a quick food place, it took over 1.5 hours each time and the waitstaff got many things wrong.  Seems like a staffing or management issues.  I hope they figure it out, I like the food and idea alot!  I will go back and keep my fingers crossed the service gets addressed soon.I ordered here one night out of desperation and in attempt to stay healthy but too exhausted to cook. I ordered a Ginger Tofu bowl and a fresh juice the Hulk. The bowl was very bland and little veggies and tofu ($11.95), way too overpriced in my opinion. Next is the fresh juice, the cup was filled with ice so there wasn't much juice there. Won't be a second time here!Ordered a Caesar salad with grilled shrimp to go. The shrimp was way too salty and the salad had more cheese and croutons than lettuce. Giving 2 stars because my husband seemed to enjoy his Thai rice bowl.Fuel is great. Everything is under 500 calories, tastes delicious and isn't complicated. It's not cheap, but eating healthy rarely is and I have noticed specials regularly. I think they also participate in Level Up, so you could get a little return on investment if you use that to pay every time. 
They have great juice options, too!Protein grilled cheese is a must!  This is one of the tastiest grilled cheeses I've had in a long time!  It's a classic dish, but with a twist.  There's a mixture of cheeses, tomato, and some greens.  I think what sets it apart is the cheese mixture.  There's a hint of lemon in the cream cheese or something that really brightens the flavor.  I've gotten this twice now, and it's definitely one of my favorites!  The grilled cheese comes with a little salad with a balsamic dressing on the side.I'm not a vegetarian. Not even close. I just started eating salads a few weeks ago. There just something I put up with. I decided to try the spinach strawberry salad for lunch and had the feta cheese instead of what it came with "can't remember". Well it was amazing. Now that I know salads can be delicious. I'm pretty certain I'll eat more of them. 
The place it self is small but comfortable and the staff was extremely friendly and accommodating. Service was also fairly quick. Extra props for getting this guy to like a salad enough to right a review about it!Sick food. Great food. Great everything. Great staff. Fresh food. Great atmosphere. Healthy tooFood ordered:
- Strawberry Spinach Salad
- South Philly Panini
- Coffee
- Espresso
Pros:
- I really like how the pecans, strawberry, cheese and spinach provide an integration of a sweet and salty flavour with crunchy texture.  
- The roasted peppers and chicken in the South Philly Panini was really juicy which balanced off with the crusty bread.
- I really like the electronic/indie music they play in the background, and there's no wait for food or service.
Cons:
- Coffee and Espresso was diluted.  When we informed the waiter, his excuse to justify the bland flavour was "oh, that's how our restaurant makes our coffee/espresso".
Recommendations:
To the waiter who served us:  Rather than acting defensive over something simple like coffee, inform the customer that you appreciate their advice and you'll pass it along to whoever brewed it.I'll keep this quick and to the point.  I ate in one time with my G/F and the atmosphere was horrifying.  Kinda felt like I was at a Euro night at some club in Wild Wood, NJ also the place is always filled with smoke.  So now I only do take out.  Not too big on their food, Chocolate Mousse Cake is awesome and so are their smoothies.  Besides that they really don't have much to offer. Fuels staff is kinda of terrible also.  Not sure if I have some type of complex but every-time I step foot in this place I kinda get this terrible vibe.  Muscle maker grill any day over Fuel. Bottom line if you live near this area and need some quick food stop by...... Or just go to Plenty down the street.A tale of two Fuels...(lame yelpy start, sorry)
I tried Fuel a few weeks ago for the first time and LOVED it. Our waitress was great, and I wish I could remember her name. It felt a little gym-like but whatever. It's not really a place to relax and swirl you wine glass, so atmosphere isn't a big deal. 
Ordered: Spicy shrimp skewers with creamy yogurt sauce. It was great - definitely spicy, light, refreshing, and the shrimp were cooked perfectly. 
Also, I had a TBM Stacker salad and added shrimp. It was fantastic. Filling, fresh mozz and tomatoes, and a really bright, flavorful pesto dressing. Loved it. My boyfriend had a South Philly panini, and the bite I had was pretty tasty. He also ordered a banana-pineapple-honey smoothie which was really light and yummy. We walked away really impressed, and were super excited to return, and so we did this past Thursday. 
Womp womp. It was a disaster the 2nd time. I will spare the details of our waitress's issues, but there were definitely major customer service issues. More importantly, the food was just not as good. My salad was doused in balsamic that I didn't have the first time, and while it was fine, it kind of felt like something I could have screwed up in my own kitchen and would say "eh, not my best work, but I'm not throwing this whole salad away. I'll live with it." It was really a bummer, and the waitress issues on top of that made it overall a total letdown. 
Anyway, we're going to try take out next time. I won't stop going because I really relish a dependably healthy option in our super caloric-pasta-wine-and-Mexican food neighborhood where it's easy to eat terribly. Plus, crappy nights at good restaurants happen. I'll try to hold on to how great that first batch of food was. I just hope someone works with the waitress to improve her customer service skill set.Best place to have a quick meal that fills you up and is healthy too! My favorites are the hummus and the TBM chicken sandwich. Fun environment and the service is always attentive and friendly.I'm confused, is it a cafe, is it a gym, or is it a dance club?
I've had sandwiches a few times from here and they have been very very good.  I love paninis and they offer tasty combinations and even tell you the calorie counts for their offerings.  I don't count calories much myself but it's nice to know that they print them.
I've had the south philly sandwich and most recently, the smoked salmon panini.  The smoke salmon panini with spinach, lemon cream cheese and red onion hit the spot.  It was light and delicious.  I think they are a bit pricey for the size of the sandwich but the ingredients are definitely fresh.
My opening comment refers to the overall feel of the place.  The walls are a bright pink and have greens splattered around which I found a bit tough to look at.  The tv's are playing techno/dance music and at a volume of what you'd hear in a gym and on their own tv station, Fuel TV.  I actually opted to take my sandwich to go because I was in a rush and wasn't in the right mindset to sit down and eat.
They are on grubhub and delivered very quickly.  They present their food simply, the sanwich, some greens and a balsamic vinaigrette.  They are a goto for takeout.I had the South Philly Panini on wheat and the food was delicious. Great presentation. Fresh taste. The overall decor is okay. Our server was excellent but it did take awhile for our food to come out which was frustrating because we were on a time schedule. Overall great experience and would go back again.Food, excellent.. No denying that. I must say however the service was horrible. I don't know if the waitress was scattered or just plain overwhelmed. She was polite but very un-attentive. It took forever to place our order, no drink refills.  Tables needed to be bused and it was not that busy. A 3 star rating for the food! Fuel never fails there. However, I will not be returning to the Passyunk Ave spot.Oh my God, this place is ridiculously delicious. And the prices are great. I expect stuff billed as "healthy" like this to be more expensive than a random hoagie joint--it's not! Wow!I stopped in a while back and had the best soup I've ever had.  Rocco made a sweet potato soup that was out of this world!  There was even fruit in it to give it  some crunch.  I know it's mostly a seasonal item - consider putting it on the menu permanently!  The staff was incredibly friendly.I've had better experiences at this location and the center city one before. Went on a Wednesday night around 8pm to get takeout. Waited 5 minutes standing to place my order (3 or so before I was even acknowledged) while the guy working the register incorrectly charged the woman before me. Once I ordered it took more than 25 minutes to get one rice bowl, which I paid a couple bucks extra to add broccoli to. They mentioned the meal was spicy when ordering and I am normally okay with that, but when I got home, I found 4 pieces of broccoli (for $2-3 extra?!) and what appeared to be about 4-5 cups of brown rice with a few broken pieces of tofu in it. My order was $15 for that and a lemonade but it was basically rice with red pepper. Tasting the rice bowl, all you could take was pepper. No ginger or any of the other flavors noted in the description for the ginger tofu bowl. I was only able to each a few spoonfuls before being so overwhelmed with spice. And I love spicy food. It was not enjoyable and I question how the meal was under 500 calories with basically 4 cups of brown rice, whatever flavoring was in it and a couple pieces of mushed up tofu. That much brown rice alone would be close to 800 calories with nothing else in it.
I am not sure if there was something wrong that night and thats why this meal was so horribly over-spiced and not aligned with their 500 calorie and under claim and why it took so incredibly long.
Was not impressed and not sure I will go back to this location again. Way too much money for very little edible food.
Also, looked for a way to contact the restaurant with my complaint besides just phone and found no feedback form or email except for wanting to open a franchise....Been here a million times and it's always good quality and good service! I love their salads and their business concept.Bring a friend with you and get something you both like and try something new to share.Went here for the first time today and was very pleasantly surprised!
The ambience leaves something to be desired: It's as if the owner couldn't decide whether to start a gym or a restaurant, so decided to start a restaurant with gym music and decor.
The food was great though! They have plenty of vegetarian options, and everything on the menu (even dessert!) is under 500 calories--most well under 500. I had the chocolate mousse cake for dessert, and never would have guessed there were only 330 calories in it.
The servers were super sweet and attentive. Plus they do delivery!The staff was friendly and inviting. The hostess explained the whole menu to me and broke down his personal favorites. I also enjoyed my tofu Thai wrap with peanut sauce on the side.After a frantic Saturday morning/afternoon hunt for an appropriate bachelorette in AC outfit, my friend and I stopped in here after being allured by the "everything under 500 calories" marquee. We got take out and laughed when we saw the portion sizes. "Ah," we agreed. "This is why everything is under 500 calories." We were pleasantly surprised however, that we were completely sated. I had the eggplant and goat cheese wrap and she had the FUEL stacker. I was so happy, in fact, my husband and I ordered delivery last night. The prices COULD be lower, but it is good, solid, food. I had the tuna salad and hummus last night and my husband had the roasted turkey panini. FUEL will certainly be added to our delivery rotation. EDITOR'S NOTE: I have to change my rating. When you order Fuel through Grub Hub, their delivery times are AWFUL and never accurate.If you're going healthy style this is the place to go! Very knowledgeable, very accommodating staff. If you have a special diet they will suggest options on the menu or may even create a specific dish for you. I'm a new fan and will return often so as to continue a couple of my new years resolutions (eat healthier and drop a few lbs)!You can't go wrong with a menu full of dishes for under 500 calories. There are a tong of vegetarian options which I appreciate. The decor is lacking, but the food more than makes up for it. Great prices for great eats!So far my wife and I have ordered twice from here and everything has been good. the spicy shrimp are just as advertised. the sweet pea wonton is awesome. the rice bowls seem to be our favorite.  the sweet potato risotto is great.  delivery has been good (did thru grub hub). if you are tired of the same thing and want to eat a little more healthy,  fuel is the way to go.I've been in the neighborhood for a while, and I guess I was never too eager to check this place out since I'm more of a burger and grease kinda guy.  
I have to say I was quite impressed with the flavors.  I was worried that things would be lacking in that department -- but I was pleasantly surprised.  
I was also worried about the portions, and I was happy to see that my sandwich was just the right size for a big dude like me. 
For food quality this place deserves a four, but overall I decided to give it a three because it could use a little love in the decor/ambience, as well as the ventilation.  That can be a tough thing to fix, but often worth it.  Lastly, the service was a bit slow, but I recognized that the kitchen was trying to fill many many delivery orders.I feel duped!! 
I kept wondering how they came to their under 500 calorie claim, as it didn't seem to add up.  How can something with ingredients such meat, cheese, pesto, etc., AND bread add up to only approx 300-400 calories?  Without sacrificing relatively good flavor?? Lo and behold, on the very last page of the menu, at the bottom of the page, I see that calorie counts do NOT include bread.  How do you have a section for panini's and wraps, list calorie counts, but then state that the bread/wrap is not included??
 Well, for those of you who are calorie/carb/points counting, feel free to add at least an extra 200 calories to the listed calorie counts in the menu--bringing the calorie count for most of their panini's/wraps to well above 500 calories.  What kind of trickery and dishonesty is this??  So disappointed. Just be honest and avoid the gimmicks, Fuel!  And how about you actually list the calorie/carb  count for the panini bread/wraps that you  conveniently excluded from your menu. 
And if I'm wrong, and somehow misread or misinterpreted the menu, I would love for one of the owners to address this....if not, I'll take  your silence as an admission of guilt.It's a healthier option but you won't be full.
I did enjoy the waffles.
The bowls are amazing.
Pick more protein if you are given the option to.Fresh and tasty food.  Service was present and available.  I would definitely repeat for a fast lunch.Little funky vibe but great food. Too  much dressing on their salad. Need to work this out.
OK, You're big boys now, Hire an Interior designer to get rid of the greasy floor and weird ass vibe in the dining room. Better yet - get on a celebrity food show!I usually love Fuel, however today I ordered over $17 worth of food and got stiffed on my Hulk juice.  I paid for the large, and even paid the extra $1 for an Energy Boost, and my drink was almost 2 inches short of a full glass.  It really makes me not want to order from them again.  Such a shame.I've definitely enjoyed some stuff from Fuel, however, I feel as though they've disappointed me many times.  
 We order food to my work periodically and have gotten both smoothies and sandwiches.  On two separate occasions, my boss's smoothie contained a metal spoon and has also had shards of plastic floating around in another smoothie.  
Another time ordering, I got the chicken and gorgonzola (which is my usual choice because I love it) and I believe the gorgonzola was bad :(
After paying for one of my orders I tipped the delivery guy $2 for maybe a $12 bill and he responded with "that's it?"
I'm giving them 2 stars because their food is good most of the time (... when it's fresh and doesn't contain inanimate objects)I really loved the appetizers here. The shrimp canapes were simple, but delicious! I can see how the decor, music, and general ambiance could fool some people; it does detract from the typical idea of a "health food restaurant." 
The fact that there are calorie counts on the menu and that everything's under 500 calories makes eating here relatively guilt-free. Pretty delicious, too! Would definitely come back. The prices aren't bad, either. Every sandwich comes with a small side salad; nice touch.
When we came in on a quiet Sunday evening, there were just two guys working there. Although the service was friendly, it was like a library; kind of awkward. But the food was pretty good, and the huge selection of smoothies and coffee-like drinks was enticing. As more people came in, the service slowed down a lot.I used to love this place. I haven't been in awhile and I wanted something fresh so I decided to order from here. I got the tbm pesto with chicken. It was okay, nothing special. I also got the baked sweet potato fries. The second I opened the container I saw a bunch of gooey mushy sliced sweet potatoes. They were so mushy, they even felt wet. I tried to salvage them by putting them in the oven for a little bit but they couldn't be saved. I may go back again since I've had better experiences in the past but this definitely left a bad taste in my mouth.We have been ordering from Fuel for years.  Two recent bad experiences.  We will not be ordering again.  UNCOOKED CHICKEN!.  Completely raw in the middle.  Thai chicken wrap.  Nasty.My friends and I were looking for a nice lunch Sunday afternoon and we stumbled upon Fuel. We like to find places without searching the internet for where to eat. We thought Fuel would be a wonderful place to eat for a nice little lunch. Now I am not someone to complain, but every dish that came out was not appetizing at all. We described it as lunch from a terrible school cafeteria. We told each other that the food was awful but we were never going to complain to the waitresses or owner. Side note: the waitress only took our order and brought us our water and food out. Never once did she come back through out the time we were there to ask if we needed anything or refills. We sat and sat after we were finished and decided we had to pay at the front because no one was bringing out the check. Because we paid at the front we didn't see the obligation to tip. The friend that was last to pay heard the owner say "was something wrong with your meal because no one left my waitress a tip". Stunned by this, my friend said she would leave money on the table. The owner was extremely rude and continued to whisper things under her breath. She was the most unprofessional woman and if I could give this place zero stars I would.Update: Tried again.  It seems Fuel Actually is consistent - consistently mediocre. This time my chicken was pounded beyond recognition and burnt to a crisp.  Thank God the Gorgonzola cheese was delicious as it saved the sandwich.  This time my beloved pumpkin cheesecake left the worst taste in my mouth. As in freezer burn.  It clearly had that nasty stinky fridge/freezer taste to it.  PLEASE get your stuff together guys!!!!
I want to love Fuel and I love what they are trying to do, healthy food that tastes great.  My only issue with Fuel is consistency.  I have never eaten in, only ever takeout.  I generally get a panini on wheat bread, often the TBM pesto.  I almost always order the Pumpkin cheesecake because its generally delicious.  HOWEVER - the take out can range from fantastic to "did I REALLY just spend $20 for THIS?!?"  
I can create healthy delicious food at home, so if I'm going to spend $20 or more to "splurge" on take out, I expect it to be great every time.  You don't get that here unfortunately.  It disappoints me and leaves me looking for somewhere else to spend my splurge cash.I LOVE Fuel.  It's tough to find a place that serves light, healthy food that doesn't weigh you down the rest of the day.  My boyfriend ordered the veggie wrap and I had the Shrimp and Avocado salad.  The chilled shrimp on top was fresh and marinated perfectly.  The drinks are great too-he loved his Green Tea Matcha and I had the Give me a Tan which was delicious.  The only thing I might change is the Fuel TV which has weird videos and club music on.  Not my fave.  Otherwise, awesome place!Ah, one place in the city where I can finish an entire meal without feeling full to the point of popping. Fuel is a casual place with a health food vibe that doesn't detract from the taste, or produce anything super bizarre. They make a great selection of salads, sandwiches and wraps. I recommend any of the veggie options or the grilled cheese. A friend complained that the salmon wrap tasted "fishy"... but it's fish, so I'm not sure I see the problem.
 The smoothies come in fun flavor combos and are an excellent post-workout or post-night out pick me up. 
The atmosphere is designed to keep you in the healthy, energetic, kick ass and take names frame of mind. There is a ridiculously upbeat pop playlist on repeat, a little louder than is strictly necessary. It's entertaining enough during a quick lunch, but I'm surprised none of the staff has snapped from Ga-Ga overload. 
Anyway, Fuel is always close to empty when I'm there, which is a shame. Everyone should come check it out.I'm kind of obsessed with their sweet pea dip. I first tried Fuel's food when my friend ordered from them for her graduation party. The last time I was in the area, said friend was the one who picked me up from the airport, so we went to Fuel. I like the dip so much, I actually tried to make it at home. It was awful! They've got something special in their recipe that I haven't been able to replicate so far. If you guys tell me how to make it at home, I promise I won't share the info. ;-)
That said, I was less impressed by the rest of my order. Nothing was BAD, mind you, which is why they get an A-OK from me. But the sweet pea dip is the star of the what I've tried so far. I'll be sure to update my review if I return in the future.the food is good but it is never consistence. i always order the hummus and it never tastes the same . sometimes it is full of lemon flavor and sometimes there is no lemon at all. the same go for all the food if you order it twice it never tastes the same. that being said i have never eaten anthing i have not likedMy mom and I split the smoked salmon wrap and the chicken Gorgonzola wrap and both of them were incredible! With every wrap you get a side salad, and it's definitely enough to fill you up. For wraps, it's a bit on the pricey side, but the quality of the ingredients is well worth it, plus on weekdays from 11-12 they have $6 wraps! The only thing that really peeves me is the fact that the under 500 calories rule does not apply to the bread/wrap, which I only found out after getting it, not that I mind too much, but for strict dieters I feel as though that's something that needs to be in bold print on the menu.My best friend has been raving about FUEL since she discovered it during the months before her wedding.  Knowing that I have also been trying to eat healthy, she suggested we went here for a quick dinner to catch up one night.  I was a little skeptic at first but was pleasantly surprised with our experience.  The place itself is small but definitely cozy and I found parking at a meter right across the street.  We decided to try the Organic Thyme Lemonade and I really loved it, it was a little sweet though so I added water to tone it down.  I saw tons of items on the menu that looked awesome and I loved how the calories and protein counts were next to everything.  I've been trying to stick with GF/DF thing so I was happy to see the brown rice bowls and decided to have the Sweet Potato Risotto without any dairy (which our server told me wasn't a problem at all).  I was worried no dairy would make it taste bland but my generous sized bowl came out steaming hot and was absolutely delicious and had a nice kick of spice to it.  My best friend got one of the flatbreads that was cracker thin but also looked awesome and had housemade mozzarella on it. The best part was that I actually felt good eating my dinner, almost as if I was eating something I would have prepared for myself at my own house one night, only better and I had leftovers for lunch the next day.  As someone who is constantly trying to eat healthy, it was really refreshing to go out to eat and order something that didn't make me feel guilty.  Next time, I'd love to try the banana whips with nutella or one of their juices!I like the Fuel near Center City so I thought I'd give this a try. Bad decision. Disorganized, terribly long wait for a salad (30+ min for carryout for a salad...just 1 salad), and then they messed up my order. Quality of the salad was poor and I actually walked all the way back after opening up my food at home just to get a refund. I rarely do this but I felt like a fool to not. It's a shame b/c it's very busy so people obviously are looking for quick and healthy food but they are a mess.I have a passion for food -- not the complex, "Top Chef" five-star kind.  I am more of a comfort food, meat-and-potatoes kind of guy.  My friends would say that I probably eat out too much.  This often results in a regular evening of working out at the gym, followed by a contradictory post-workout meals with too many desserts.  
After sticking to the same familiar places for 2010, I have started to introduce some new favorites to my repertoire.  In particular, I was on the lookout for restaurants that serve up something delicious and inexpensive (minus the guilt).  Then I found "the one" -- FUEL!
Q102's Rocco Cima opened two FUEL locations, Passyunk Avenue and Walnut Street.  FUEL combines my passion for desserts with appealing main courses, reasonable prices, quick service, upbeat music and fun stylings.
Oddly, when I encountered FUEL at last year's Taste of Passyunk event I was not impressed.   I had read about the banana whip which was written up all over town.  I tried a sample and it tasted rather plain, especially to someone who plans his days around the locations of the best cupcakes.  The whip wasn't "bad," but it was not something for a dessert lover. In fact, it tasted like something you would get from a health counter inside the gym.  It also was not filling.  Then, during the holidays, I was shopping on Passyunk for some gifts.  It was cold out and I saw the sign for Tomato Basil soup.  I stopped for a quick bowl and ended up ordering a full meal.  I would soon learn that the banana whip short-changed this amazing place!  They had so many other great things to offer.   And offer they have!
Since December I have been to a FUEL location once a week.  I have tried their great selection of flavored, sugar-free coffee drinks.  I have sampled six different sandwiches and salads.  I feasted on treats like Key Lime Pie, Chocolate Mousse Cake, Strawberry Rhubarb Tarts, Pumpkin Cheesecake, and an upgraded Banana Whip with Nutella.  More importantly, however, is the calories I have NOT eaten.  A soup, sandwich, side salad, coffee drink and dessert weighs in at under 750 calories -- all for under $20!
Check out FUEL at 1917 East Passyunk Ave. and at 1225 Walnut Street.  You can visit them online at www.fuelphilly.com.  You can also follow their daily specials and events on Facebook.   When you go, check out these tasty items: 
Chocolate Mousse Cake - One of 2010's best desserts (with half the calories!)
Key Lime Pie
Tomato Basil Soup
South Philly Sandwich
High Protein Grilled Cheese Sandwich
Grilled Chicken SandwichThis place is amazing.
The food is SO fresh and delicious. The portobello and eggplant panini is great. The mushroom is properly de-gilled and the eggplant is grilled perfectly every time. 
If you go between 3-5 p.m. appetizers are half price. SCORE!
If you love fresh food and hate crowds of hipsters, go to Fuel, seriously.First off, the people here are fabulous. they are kind, and understanding and helpful and just generally effing awesome. 
Plus, the lovely young lady makes a MEAN protein buster smoothie, which I always take home for dessert -- and I even take a second one home for a dude who has no idea it's less than 300 calories because it still tastes like damn good peanut butter ice cream. 
They do their food on wraps, on rolls all panini-style and plain. Do beware that they get the calorie count -- which is FANTASTICALLY PRINTED ON THE MENU -- without the bread-y trimmings. But they do food right -- no extra oils or smothered in this or cooked in that -- while keeping the cheeses gooey and the meats mighty tender. I don't think it's a feat, really, but it must be, because they are some of the only people who think and care enough to do it. 
And we're lucky for it -- and them -- we were voted the homeliest city after all...Simply wonderful. I have been to both locations and the panini's are tasty. I recommend the South Philly, High Protein Grilled Cheese and the Turkey. Also recommend hummus and sweet pea wontons for a starter or soup on a cool day. My only negative would be the decor. If you love the club scene then def eat in, if not take the food to go like I do.Cool place, nice staff, good sandwiches, a little heavy on the salad dressingi would give Fuel a better review but... ugh, i just cant.
Every food item i've had there is good or better and i love the healthy spin, but the awful decor and music makes it so hard to enjoy the place. it was funny the first few times, but i cant go there anymore. its like being in a bad night club that is well-lit and lacking dancers.
only take out for me.
p.s. the turkey salad with pesto is my fave
note: the bread on the sandwiches isn't including in the calorie countsFuel is a good place for a lighter, healthier meal.  However, I'm giving it only two stars for two reasons:
1.  The calorie counts on the menu don't include bread, which seems wildly misleading. I think it's intellectually dishonest and makes me question the integrity of their calorie counts in general.
2.  They don't have highchairs, which seems really out of touch with the explosion of young families living in the Passyunk Ave area.  What kind of place doesn't have highchairs?  They're rated as "family friendly" here on Yelp, and I would have thought that, too,  had I never been there with a kid.  But what kind of family friendly place doesn't have highchairs?Once again, more super unfriendly service. The gal that seemed to be in charge was nice to me, but the girl at the register was snobby, unfriendly, and barely said anything save for a puss on the face. And, as is also the norm I've come to expect at this location, it took over 5 minutes for the 1 smoothie that I ordered. Sunday, 11/1/15 @ 1:15 p.m. (sitting and waiting for me smoothie at this moment) I'm giving 2 stars thanks to the girl that helped the mean girl when she turned and stared at her dumbfounded when I asked about the credit on my Fuel app. Here's to better times...
Sir, with all due respect, I'm not worried about the app. I wrote about the continued rudeness of the staff. I mean it this time when I say that I will only patronize the Center City location from here on out.Wow the desert is out of this world!!!!!I love this place!!!! People get anything you like it will be great than order something new and you will again trust me. Also do yourself a favorHonestly used to absolutely love their paninis and soups, but lately I have noticed their product quality has went down immensely along with their portion size. Not sure if it it because they are now on groupon? Used to recommend to others, not so much anymore. Used to be 5 stars when they first opened, now about a 3.The concept of this place is great- they don't give you the option to be an abusive meal eating citizen. All of the food served here is under 500 calories and packed with flavor. 
We used to always order delivery from here at my old job, it was always delivered in under an hour even on busy nights. I always got the fuel stacker, it was packed with flavor and the side salad that it comes with is always deliciously dressed. The sweet pea wontons are incredibly delicious as well, and i've been meaning to mimick this recipe for a while! It's so good. 
The only thing I ever got bummed out over, was a time I ordered a choose during a delivery and they made the wrong one- it was my first time ordering from fuel but it didn't stop me from ordering from them again.I can honestly say I do not go in search of restaurants who are geared to healthy eating, Fuel is the exception.  Located in a small store front on East Passyunk Avenue the space leaves a little to be desired but the food makes up for the ambiance. We started with Buffalo Shrimp which were a very nice size , perfectly char grilled with a spicy sauce and gorganzola cheese,  this starter had me excited about the rest of my meal. My dining companion had a hard time deciding what to try and decided to share a Thai rice Bowl and A chicken pannini both were delicious. The rice bowl was described as very spicy but I thought it was just right with ginger, roasted peppers and lots of yummy chicken. The whole wheat pannini was excellent stuffed with grilled chicken, spinach and provolone.  Portions were generous and I would be remiss if I failed to mention the juices. I totally enjoyed the carrot/orange/ginger that had the right amount of sweetness and zing. Unfortunately there was no room for dessert but that's for my next trip.I continue to be surprised by the lack of places in philadelphia to grab a healthy juice.  At home, our breville juicer gets a daily meal of fresh greens and fruits...but sometimes you want a change, or are out and about and want to buy something healthy to save time.
so i had passed up fuel for a while due to the way it looks, just from the outside, it gives off the vibe of an afterhours club or something youd see lots of bridge-n-tunnel types waiting in line for in olde city.  not the worst thing, but just didnt jump out at me for a while as a "health food" place.
it was only after googling for juicebar options that i came across it and decided to give it a shot despite the "ehhh" first impression of the place form just walking/biking past it often.  to be fair, thats not really any way to judge a business, but unfortunately, i think especially with healthy food, there's something to be said for having the design/atmosphere reflect the "theme" (health/health-ier?).
many of the other reviews make mention of it, but it is true, that once inside, the "wait...am i in the right place?" internal monologue only gets STRONGER.  in short, the inside feels kind of like the "lounge" or "chill room" of a rave or GTL-type fistpump club.  maybe this is meant to appeal to the type that hits the gym, then wants a smoothie or juice before going off to press their Ed Hardy tshirt before going out on the town......yet, in my dozen or so visits, ive never once seen one of those jersey shore types in the place.  
as others have stated, its painted all black and just has an extremely dark/dank basement kind of vibe, which, to me just doesnt communicate anything "sunny"/healthy/green.  there's the weird and annoying music pumping (although i always find it to be at a gentle level and not "blasting" as others have written) which i would't mind so much as a lover of most types of music (including even good house music), but it is top40 cheesy-club (think: one of those ULTIMATE DANCE PARTY VOL. 7 cds that youd find in the back seat of a sorority girl's jetta).  maybe im just a music snob/aging hipster, but of allllll the new music and hipster/yupster blood flowing into areas like East Passyunk, it seems almost laughably anachronistic to play the music they play in a "new" place.
ok, so you get it, the vibe is weird as hell.
that said, everytime ive been there, the staff is awesome and friendly and nice.  but i never eat in, most of the neg reviews seem to be about that aspect.  and in Fuel's defense, id have to say that im not sure why they even do wait service or try for any kind of sit-down vibe, when most of the menu is fitting for a take out or sandwich-shop vibe.  
also i dont think all the complaints (about either location) that center on GROUPON issues are very fair to the business.  i dont do groupon but i personally feel like giving a restaurant a bad review because the new-fangled system you employed to save 4 dollars on 12 had some hiccups = unfair and kind of a dick move.  its a small business, just pay for your food you cheapo nitpickers. 
so, if you dont sit down, dont get all anal about groupon, and dont mind the vibe....there's still the food and drinks, right?
overall the food is great and healthy, with this caveat: some have mentioned it but i cant stress enough, the entire conceit of the restaurant (everything under 500 cal) is slightly misleading.  i dont count calories so it doesnt affect me personally, but the vast majority of menu (wraps, paninis, sandwiches) are on bread, and the bread is not included in the calorie count.  it Is stated on the menu, but in the form of a "you better read the fine print" approach, where an asterisk refers you to a small footnote that reveals this tidbit of info. 
the juices are really great but they do not do actual 'juicing' but smoothies and blended juice drinks.
EDIT/UPDATE: after posting this, got a very kind response from rocco the owner, addressing my concerns (no sugar added to juices, and he explained that including the varying calories for each type of bread would clutter the menu...i can respect that answer) ...so im moving my 3stars up to 5stars.  i was just going to do 4, but im really impressed with the quick and honest response form the owner, i think that shows some true dedication, and id rather give my money to local small business helmed by someone that cares, even when criticized, to respond to customers.  so they earned back one star for for addressing my 2 gripes, and another star for simply the act of caring enough to reach out.  So 4 stars for the food (minus 1 for the ambiance, but to each their own), then plus 1 for the owner caring enough to reach out.
Give them a shot!