Last weekend I rented one of Fuji Mountain's private karaoke rooms as a surprise party for my boyfriend and 20 of his friends. I stopped in a week prior to check out the place and spoke with John the manager. He was very pleasant and answered all of my many questions over the phone and by email. Our party was in a large 40 person karaoke room with its own bar! We each paid $35 to have an open bar for 3 hours which was amazing! Our bar tenders Sam, Tim, and Alice were a lot of fun and helped us out with anything we needed.  I did not have any food, but a couple of my guests did and said it was great! I would highly recommend this restaurant for any karaoke parties!Love, love love this place! Huge rolls compared to other places. Calamari with the avocado sauce is great. Washington roll and King Cali Crab roll are a must try. Prices are pretty decent considering the downtown, and service is always good. Just ok for karaoke; Yakitori has better karaoke rooms and better selection of music; and you can actually pay separate tabs. In Mt Fuji's karaoke room, there's only one bill per room, which can be a hassle at the end of the night when divvying up who bought what........Food was awful! This place has really gone downhill. Horrible customer service. Host should have taken at least the main course off our bill, chicken teriyaki! It was undercooked! No way were we eating it. Sushi and Maki rolls used to be good now it's mushy and very fishy even if no fish in it. It's a shame. Used to be our go to spot in this part of Philly.This happens to just be right next to our apartment so the bf and I have been frequenting here literally once a week. We usually get take out - my favorite is the volcano roll and the negitoro roll (pretty good for the price). My bf usually gets the katsu because it's a pretty good deal and fills him up - it comes with generous slabs of fried katsu, soup, salad, rice, and a slice of orange.
I also tried the salmon platter and various other rolls previously but def. just recommend what I had mentioned above if you wanna save some money and satisfy your sushi craving.so many great things to say about this place. open late and they continue to make great sushi. I've been coming here for 10+ years and the quality is always consistent. I highly recommend the mixed ceviche which is my favorite thing on the menu besides the wasabi tobiko -- also can't go wrong with the chirashi or sushi/sashimi combo meals. sashimi is always fresh, service is always exceptional, and have never had a bad experience.Overall a good place. It can be a little pricey for the size of the rolls and sushi, but everything is fresh! Also its great for late night sushi! The restaurant is a fun atmospher and they have private rooms for karaoke!While the sushi at Fuji Mountain is not the most imaginative or highest quality I've ever had, it's very consistent.  I've never had a bad experience there, but never had one that I write home about, so to speak.
However, in my experience, the service can't be beat.  They are exceptionally kind (we're regulars, so maybe that helps).  Do try their specials board, but it's not a guarantee.
Also, there's good meal options for all diets and budgets (using any sushi place as a baseline).Great service - always prompt with seating when I have reservations, waiters are always pleasant and attentive.
Good food - the rolls are tasty, although they used to be a bit larger.
Decent beer list.
Great place for date night.  Quiet comfy atmosphere without all the crowding you see at other Center City sushi joints.
Go back? - All the time.Was here for a karaoke night in the small bar upstairs.
Sushi was good (I mostly had nigiri)
Cocktails were good (white russian & sake mojito)
Service was good.Came here and ordered the california roll, arizona roll (with yellowtail, scallion, masago, and spicy sauce) and spicy scallop roll.  We also shared the fried calamari and  "dynamite mussels" (new zealand mussels stuffed with a spicy sauce).
The fried calamari came out looking like onion rings, lightly fried, not too oily, pretty tasty.  The mussels were good, couldn't recognize the sauce.  The sushi rolls were all freshly made, with the rice soft, sticky, and warm.  The scallop roll actually came out as chunks of scallop, instead of ground (??) scallop I usually get.  All of the rolls were tasty!The sushi is not too shabby for the price.  It's convenient location and ability to order online makes it a go to place if I want to take out sushi quickly.  
As far as the bar scene goes, definitely not a place I would go for a night out on the town.  If you're just looking to grab a cocktail before dining, the lounge is comfortable.  It's also not a bad place to rent out for a festive occassion...rocking out in the karoake room upstairs is a fun group activity.One of my favorite sushi spots in the city.I love the fact that they are open late night. It's never too late for some good sushi.Frequent here enough to say I love this place. However, tonight, while having a business dinner I felt rushed because they were closing. I checked their website which states they closed at 2am, but when I asked the staff, they told me 10pm. Having been in the food industry, I have never rushed customers unless they overstayed over an hour. We were rushed by 9:50pm. If they did not want
to stay late, they should keep their website information current. I am upset my co-worker's first time couldn't be as pleasant as how I normally remember it.I'd been here before for lunch (they have really good lunch specials) so when I saw they were running a livingsocial deal I jumped on it. 
DEALS: We went on a Monday night and got 1000 open table points (Mondays and Tuesdays 5:30-7:30). Has a livingsocial deal and they are running one again! https://www.livingsocial.com/deals/575932?ref=conf-jp&rpi=104372950
OVERALL
Service was quick, the waitress, busboy, and sushi chef were friendly, and the waitress looked adorable in her kimono. It has a nice ambiance, and I liked the way there were things separating some of the tables to give some privacy. Tables were spread out enough that it didn't feel like people were on top of you, and there were only a few other people in the restaurant when we were there.
FOOD
-The shrimp tempura appetizer (delicious and good for 2 people as an appetizer, but only one of each vegetable, and it's pretty difficult to split a tempura-ed brocolli piece in half with chopsticks).
-The Sushi Regular (It came with 1 miso soup and salad, 9 pieces of sushi and 1 tuna roll- I love the ginger dressing, but my friend didn't. The tuna roll was pretty big (and delicious) and the sushi it came with were really fresh, some of the pieces just melted in your mouth. MMMM.)
-The salmon tempura roll (This came with 6 pieces and was a bit small. We'd never had it and thought we'd try it. It was good, but I probably wouldn't get it again, the salmon was cooked pretty much all the way through because it was tempura battered.)
-The Crazy Roll (This was my favorite, only 4 pieces but they were big. Had a pretty difficult time eating it. Good thing I wasn't on a date because it was not cute).
Overall a great experience and definitely a great deal with the livingsocial and opentable points, and would even be worth it without if you're willing to splurge a little on sushi!By far, my favorite Japanese restaurant in Philadelphia. They always have a great selection of fish and interesting specials. Make sure to try their specialty rolls - especially, passion... an unexpectedly delicious fusion of Japanese and Mexican flavors. 
Their menu is large and very diverse - don't stick to just sushi and rolls - try their traditional Japanese entries and noodle dishes. You will not be disappointed!What I had: "Super Fuji" an assortment of 10 nigiris and a Cali roll with real crab.
My benchmark: Sushi Yasuda and Sushi of Gari (Both in NYC - no use in applying my benchmarks in Japan)
What I thought: Edible. 2 of the 10 were bay scallop - variety would be appreciated in a set deal like this. Fatty tuna - definitely not your top shelf tuna...or even if it was, the aging was applied incorrectly.
To Fuji's defense, I arrived at 10pm on a week night.Came here for a work lunch with a party of 4.  Staff was very attentive and we were seated right away.  Service was fast and the menu had a ton of options.  Since everyone in our group loves sushi we decided to order a ton of rolls and share.  We ordered the angry tuna (specialty roll), spicy tuna, fire roll, dancing eel, rainbow roll, spicy scallop, philly roll, and millennium tuna.  The angry tuna was amazing and quite large. As was the rainbow roll - which was surprising since generally rainbow rolls are somewhat on the small side.  This one was a monster! Aside from the angry tuna being the table favorite, the fire roll and millennium tuna rolls were also fantastic.  I'm not much of an eel fan, but the dancing eel roll was perfection.  The roll has avocado and cream cheese which calm down the sweet eel sauce I don't normally enjoy.  I'd definitely order it again! All the rolls were priced well, too.  I did notice lunch specials that were super cheap so I will probably come back and order that next time... with a fire roll, of course. :)Full disclosure: I'm a vegetarian, so no fish for me.  Still, not a good experience.
The good: Decor, sweet server, nice salad, good rice, good tamago, good tuna (as told to me by my dinner companion), and good grilled asparagus sushi.
The bad: Really disgusting agadashi tofu.  Couldn't eat it.  The batter was really gummy, thin and creepy.  Then the veggie sushi platter comes.  There is one piece of yummy asparagus sushi, one piece of yummy avocado sushi, one cucumber, two radish, two burdock root and two mystery mushroom.  The burdock root was in thick sticks and I COULDN'T BITE THROUGH IT.  I have never experienced restaurant food I literally could not bite through.  
I tell the waitress and she tells me burdock is an acquired taste.  I tell her I can't bite it, it's not a taste issue.  I can taste it as I try to bite it and it tastes fine except for how it's like biting into a green willow branch. Sushi is meant to be taken in one bite, she tells me.  The root is  as thick as, and longer than, my pinkie finger and there are two sticks per piece of sushi.  I tell her that even if I put the whole thing in my mouth, I won't be able to break it up with my teeth so it's uningestable.  She takes an order of tamago off my bill to make up for it.  Very nice but still, my meal was $29 before tax and tip...and I couldn't even chew 25% of it.  
Nope.Came here for Sushi...left extremely satisfied
I found this place via yelp looking for the next best piece of Sushi. Living in South Jersey, i'm not afraid to make this commute to this place. Their rolls are some of the freshest i've had in my entire life and their list of rolls is definitely very accommodating for everyone im sure due to its vastness. The INFERNO roll (i think it was called) was and IS my favorite. I've eaten here i think 3 times so far and got that each time...gets better every time baby!We had a very nice dinner at Jugi Mountain last night. The sushi was awesome and the service was really good. Sweet girls. The wine wasn't the best. But the decor was very comfortable. We'll definitely go back.The destination was supposed to be Primo Hoagies but they were closed on July 5th for some reason (post 4th of July hangovers, I suspect), so the boy and I came in here because our famished stomachs couldn't take any more deprivation.
Decor is cute in a faux-bamboo kind of way and the staff are very friendly and attentive. The Rainbow Roll to split was disappointing--6 tiny pieces with the smallest, thinnest, sparsest cuts of fish ever. The roll is supposed to feature at least 3 types of fish usually, but I counted only two. And the quality of the fish--not too impressive.
I got the salmon lunch special, which at $12 was decent but not mindblowing. Again, the salmon was not of the highest quality (too dried out) and the pieces were tiny. The boyfriend got the chicken bento and that seemed like the best choice of the meal. One huge bento box filled with dumplings, chicken and a billion other things I can't quite recall. The food itself was pretty standard but those are portions I'm more used to in a Japanese place.my old hangout when i was living in philly, i love their soju cocktail there, and i remember they served great korean food too, somehow don't see that in their current menu online now. Craving to go back when i am in philly the next time.Maybe I'm Shamu and I need a whole tub of raw fish to be happy, but I paid $18 for 10 pieces of ordinary maki rolls and I couldn't even tell what kind of fish was in one of them.  I went because a friend liked it, so it was not completely voluntary.  The rolls were rolls, absolutely nothing special about them, except for the portion control.  I can diet on my own, thanks.  
If you know of any good (and reasonably priced) sushi places in Philadelphia (and not Vic's) please give me a shout!First, Fuji Mountain participates in Sips, so going there on a Wednesday night was awesome.
Second, THEIR SUSHI IS PHENOMENAL! My boyfriend and I shared 3 rolls: spicy tuna (his choice) and the Florida and Fire roll (my choices). The spicy tuna was to be expected and I have yet to find a spicy tuna roll that wasn't agreeable. But the Florida and the Fire rolls were just that- FIRE. I used to be of the opinion that all sushi is either good/fresh or bad. Fuji Mountain made me change my outlook on sushi. 
It didn't hurt that they served Hoegaarden and made a delicious and fresh seaweed salad.
We were a little concerned because of the lack of diners, but we need to keep in mind that it was a Wednesday night. But the service was good, the food was great, and it was a quiet reprieve from bustling Center City.Awesome place! We had a private karaoke room and it was so much fun! I do not love that they have the song list by song title and not artist (makes it harder to find songs) but the have a great selection. The sushi and other food items were also great. The service was wonderful. Not a lot of good beers but they have great cocktails.Good sushi at a good price. Friendly service. Dragon roll and spicy tuna roll are the best.The sushi here is tasty.  And you can drink a can of Sapporo here.  And it will taste like Sapporo.  But really, the karaoke room upstairs is what amuses me most.  Get some drinks and try to operate the giant remote that has NO BUTTONS IN ENGLISH.  It's more fun than it sounds, honest.  The english selection of songs is lackluster, but the completely random videos that play in the background more than make up for it.So we went on a Monday evening and it was super empty at first. People started swarming in before we knew it. The food was pretty good. I'm a pretty picky sushi eater but I liked what I was presented with. They have other stuff on the menu too like noodle bowls etc, so if your friend likes sushi and you don't, you'll have things to choose from. The saki peachtini was nasty to me - I should have just ordered a beer because that's what it tasted like. 
Their tempura icecream was pretty good. As far as price, I think they were too pricey for sushi but I suppose this is what you get for center city!we went with a party of six  and the meal we had here was delicious! loved the ambiance of the place. we had two of the special rolls which were our tables favorite for the night while the rest of the rolls were good but nothing mind blowing. service was a little slow at the beginning. it took forever for the server to finally come to our table and take our order. the nice thing about this place was we were given ample time to sit and talk and eat, no one rushed us. overall a big fan of this place for solid japanese food and good sushi. maybe next time we'll even check out the karaoke upstairs!Excellent food presentation, amazing quality, fresh, very clean (I'm super weird about hygiene and it can make or break a place), nice atmosphere and a clean bathroom with good quality toilet paper (did not need it but nice to know its there when you do need it). This
Was my first restaurant week experience and I loved every minute of this great experience!PROS
-spacious interior
-high chairs
-very friendly service
-large portions
CONS
-their sushi rice was overcooked!! This is a major flaw. It ruined all of my sushi rolls and made them into awful MUSH
-their chicken teriyaki was bland unfortunately though the portion was large
-expensive prices 
-they messed up my roll order and never replaced it
I really wanted to like this restaurant given the proximity to my apartment and the ease at getting a table! Unfortunately I will not be back :(Fuji Mountain was beyond all expectations the staff is friendly and attentive our waitress was the best we have had anywhere in a long time and the sushi and shasimi was fresh and delicious. Definitely worth trying you won't be disappointed.Being a 'fish head' I know good sushi - and this place has it!
Sushi is 90% good fish and 10% chef - in my opinion.  Good fish needs no help being eatable.  This place knows it and the fish CAN'T be fresher!
The head chef (Takeshi) was classically trained in Japan and can make some really interesting dishes if you ask him to create something special.
The service was pretty good also and they have a full bar.  Prices are in-line for a sushi place, and good food isn't cheap of course.  The nice thing is it's 5-start food without the 5-start price.
They have several floors, a bar and even a couple karaoke rooms.
If you're near this place then give it a try - You won't be disappointed!I really like the sushi here.
I came here with a pretty large group (9 or 10 people, I think), and they were very accommodating. Granted, it was a weeknight and they weren't super busy, but I really appreciated that they seated us even when a few people were still on their way, and they didn't have a problem with such a large party even though I forgot to call and make reservations.
I was being a fatty the night I came here and ended up ordering a huge sushi platter. I think it was the sushi deluxe. Anyway, the platter came out, and it was huge as expected, and the sushi chef actually came over to our table with it. He told me that he had put a piece of "toro" on my plate, which is the belly fat of the tuna and the most delicious part. I was flattered by this, and he was right -- the toro was SO delicious. My friends told me they also all enjoyed their food, but I'm pretty sure mine was the best :).
My friends and I had a great experience dining at Fuji Mountain, and we will definitely be back!So I checked in here a couple months ago and Yelp has been bugging me to write a review since...and I've been too lazy to do so. But here it is, Yelp, so stop bugging me! :)
My friend was feeling Sushi for the night so we yelped around and decided to check this place out. I got the Salmon Teriyaki Bento Box, (or combo...I don't remember)...it came with a starter salad, miso soup and finally my salmon teriyaki dish.
Everything was pretty delicious. The salad was fresh and the dressing was yummy, the miso soup felt very light and flavorful and the salmon teriyaki dish was just rightly seasoned. One thing is that I wish I had asked for my salmon medium rare instead of medium...I like my salmon on the rarer side. Note for next time.
I'm a little more hesitant to try out their sushi/sashimi, but maybe I'll try next time...
Overall, good, solid place right next to my apt!Volcano roll was awesomeeeeeee. Service was ok but nothing horrible.I have never had sushi here but tried nabeyaki, gyoza and agedashi tofu one late night. Restaurant structor was unique. It was 3 story restaurants and divided sushi bar, restaurants and karaoke. I guess some ppl eat, drink and go upstairs to sing after. 
My nabe dish was pretty good. I was craving some hot soup and it was soothing. What I needed that night. Gyoza was little greasy and didn't have much stuffing. Was failed dish. Agedashi tofu was crispy and well fried. And liked the dashi broth with radish. Yum. Was my favorite dish. 
I have not back there for two reasons. Still need to try other new places and also really creepy guy tried to talked to me at the restaurant that night ( but waitress lady piloted stopped the creepy guy, thanks to her ), I just creeped out from that weird vibe from dinner so have not back.Complimentary appetizers- miso soup and fresh salad with ginger/peanut dressing were great starters. 
Entree- various types of sushi/sashimi placed onto a large flat wooden plate. I guess you would call it the sushi boat but it wasn't on a boat (amazlingly fresh and 4 people were more than full). Some sort of avocado tempura roll was brought out along with the sushi which was delicious. We also had the neck of yellowtail fish and it was soo good, first time trying this. My daughter had the chicken stir fry noodle entree and she ate ALL of it- she's only 3.
People assume sushi isn't fulfilling like a steak dinner but trust me, there was no room for left for dessert. The service was awesome- waiters/waitresses always came by to see if we needed anything and kept our glasses full. Will definitely be coming back.i am never disappointed when i come here. it may be because it was the first place i tried sushi, but it will always hold a special place in my heart.
i have been here on a date, with friends, with family.... it is the perfect place for all occasions.  fish is always fresh, prices are reasonable, ambiance is great, service is excellent, food never takes too long.... stop  me now, i could go on forever.
my favorite thing ever is their Negimaki.  and i love the spicy sauce that comes on the shrimp tempura roll. have tried to duplicate these at home to no avail!Good little Japanese restaurant in the Philly area. Did not expect the amount of options they had in their menu. Very tough to find quality Japanese food in the area, and this one did not disappoint.Solid sushi in center city. Went because we had a coupon - but we would come back even without it. Flavorful rolls, fresh fish, especially enjoyed the cold noodles with tempura.We had an enjoyable meal at Fuji Mountain. I don't eat anything with raw fish, but the rolls were tasty. The price was right, too, with a bottle of sake plus dinner for two totaling $63 (before tip).The sushi I got tasted great, and the decor is very nice.  It's pretty expensive though, and the rolls are very small.  Overall, a nice experience if you're not that hungry or willing to spend a lot to be full.I find Fuji Mountain to be the best sushi in Philly.  I absolutely love it, and simply can't say enough good things about it.   The front of the restaurant is a Sushi bar with a sushi chefs waiting to make the best for you, the back is regular sit down restraunt designed to feel like a Japanese living room.  Music is eclectic modern jazz.  Can I have some more please!I feel like I can't give an adequate review based solely upon beers and service, but I'm going to throw this one out there anyway (and update if need be when I go back for food.) 
I came here for a karaoke party earlier this month and had a blast belting out tunes and sipping Japanese beers. The server in our private room was fast, efficient and attentive. I never went empty-glassed for long.
From what I understand, the prices for a private karaoke room are reasonable - we each threw in about $5 to extend the party another hour. I was down. 
Get creative with your karaoke choices - or do old standbys. I tried "Don't Stop Believing" after I found out they didn't have "Don't You (Forget About Me)" of Breakfast Club fame.
Consider this for your next party, if you're up for some karaoke. Bonus - with the location, there are tons of places to pre and post-game. Behold, Center City and Rittenhouse!This a review for take out. I ordered the rock n roll (eel & avocado topped with shrimp) and the squid salad. Both portion sizes were surprisingly small for the price, the roll came with 6 pieces, which is unusual for a $10 specialty roll. It was also lackluster in eel quantity, which is my favorite part. 2 of the sushi pieces had something sharp in it, I deduce that they did not take care in preparing the shrimp. The squid salad tasted a bit too fishy - I'm a big squid fan, but the sauce they used was overwhelming and gave me a stomach ache for hours. Even my cat wouldn't eat it! (ha) Will stick to other local sushi restaurants in the future.Had Arizona, 2 Rainbow, Sandwich rolls and Shrimp Tempura rolls. I thought sandwich rolls were unique since it was literally a sandwich. It's big so have to take multiple bites but oh well - it was good. Spicy yellowtail (Arizona) was very good as well. I wish the rolls were a little bigger since they are kind of pricey for their sizes. Might get too $$ if you are the starving one. lol
Overall, the service and the ambience was great.I am severely allergic to shellfish and so-so allergic to fish. I made it a point to call and talk with someone before I went there for lunch today. I was assured that I could order a nice veggie and allergy friendly lunch today and not die. Feeling that my allergy was understood I met a friend there and told the hostess that I was the one with the shellfish/fish allergy. They told me 'no problem, we also informed your server.' I thought I was good to go. I ordered a simple miso soup, avacado roll, and fuji roll (which is a bunch of veggies). I explained the allergy to the waiter-who spoke English, but not very fluently-and said 'NO FISH, NO SHELLFISH' do you understand? He said yes and repeated what I said. I asked him if he understood that I was allergic and he said yes. Half way through eating my soup he strolls over and in his heavy accent informs me that 'there's a fish in soup' and points to my bowl. He then asked me ' but it ok right?' Um, no you douche, it's not. Not at all ok. I got really mad at the guy and told him it's imperitive that he understand what an allergy is and understand what fish and shellfish are, in english. After making sure that the rolls were still ok to eat, he went away. He would not stop staring at me from a distance like he was waiting for me to go up in flames or something. I explained the allergy to him but I still don't think he 'got it'. Luckily, I am not severely allergic to fish so the little bit of soup that I did eat did not affect my breathing too badly and I just took a couple of benadryl when I got back to my office. Still, this should NOT have happened.My friend and I stopped in for something lite to eat - neither one of us was particularly hungry, and I wish we were! I would have loved to try more. We split 2 different rolls and they were very good. The service was great, atmosphere was nice and mellow. Next time I'm in philly and craving sushi, I'm definitely going to stop back in.First, there was a strange smell in the dining area when I went-- like cat pee. That may sway my less than cheery review.  
My girlfriend and I went using a living social deal, thankfully.  We arrived and were seated immediately.  The space is narrow but decent, and there is a second level with a karaoke lounge (a hidden gem).  They have a fairly good list of adult beverages, but they place nice with those who might not drink, too.  
We ordered  a "Caraff" of Soju, and they brought us a teapot with KoolAid-watermelon-flavored Soju and ice.  Awkward.  It was awful tasting, too. $13 down the drain.
For the main course, we had a sushi platter that was fine, but nothing special.  I must say, the woman who took our order modified it to our liking. If there was a downside, she was the third woman (possible the FOH Manager) who took our order after we beckoned for anyone.  
In the end, I wouldn't go back to Fuji Mountain for the food, but the karaoke and drinks are incredible. It's the only reason they get three stars and not two.love this place! i don't live to far and order sushi or udon noodles for delivery at least once a month. the food is fresh and the portions are good.This is a 4-star sushi joint.
It's good for taking a date. It's good for late night snacks. It's good for when you have a sushi jonesing.The other night I went here with friends as it was very late to go out for food. I found so many axing rolls that I had not remembered being there before. My friend and I kept on commenting how amazing the food was. They have really nice drinks too. I love that they are open later. I loved it so much I went back with my husband a we had an awesome time. I actually think they are one of the more affordable sushi restaurants and they produce quality sushi. And Japanese is my favorite genre of food!!!Wonderful sushi. Warm and friendly service.  Cozy seating.  And the first place I that I ever tried sea urchin gonads.  I know that sounds disturbing - but  I am afterall an adventurous eater. Of course, I think that's the most adventurous thing I've ever had.  As with any sushi dinner my husband and I have, we must always order a plate of sashimi.  Love the salmon, white tuna (which was to die for here), yellowtail. But never do I think to try beyond this.  My husband felt daring that night and pointed randomly to something on the sashimi menu - Uni.  It sounded normal enough, and we didn't even ask questions or look it up because we were in the mood to be surprised.  And we were - because it apparently it was fresh - the shell had just been cracked open, and it was presented beautifully with the spikey sea urchin shell opened up to the uni.  It was yellowish in color, and looked sort of creamy.  It actually was too, like melt in your mouth creamy, which helped to forget what you were actually eating.  Totally recommend it now.   It really was a delicious addition to our meal which followed - dragon roll, spicy tuna roll, udon noodles I think it was. all very good.  Thank you Fuji Mtn for a disturbingly delicious meal!Absolutely in love with the sashimi and nigiri here. I would not recommend coming for the special sushi rolls, at least the ones that I tried (inferno roll and volcano roll). They were not very tasty to me. However, the "take" (nigiri and sashimi mix with a spicy trio-sashimi roll), chirashi, and a la carte choices of o-toro and pink snapper were awesome. I also tried the uni and did not like it. It was very mushy. The ice cream comes with 2 scoops (if I remember correctly) so you can ask for half of a different flavor which is a plus.Really great fresh sushi. The staff was very friendly, and the service was prompt. I would definitely come back.Standard, no complaints, yummy sushi.  Was unable to try the wide array of saki at last visit, but will need to return to do so.  Wait staff was friendly and efficient.Amazing food! Servers on first floor wears kimono. Washington roll is the best on the menu, fried banana with ice cream is simply an sweet ending. Dynamite mussel is a great appitizer :pI have been going to Fuji Mountain since 2002. It has been less frequent since i moved out of the city. On my latest visit i had a JBS roll, a sandwich roll, and spicy scallop sushi. The JBS roll and the scallop sushi were perfect and have not changed since the first time I enjoyed them. The sandwich roll was a bit messy and not as refined as I remember it. Also tasted a bit of the BFs specialty inferno roll. It was tasty, but a bit overpowering on the heat. Will continue to return to enjoy the good sushi.I came for lunch and was in a  rush to get to the airport. The place was quiet and we were waiting on instantly, within 5 minutes of ordering we had our rolls in front of us. 
I am not from the area, so I am used to getting salmon rolls with salmon slightly off color and lacking the robust flavor, which I believe salmon should be. The salmon, avocado, and cream cheese roll reminded me of why I am moving back to the East Coast. The salmon looked amazing. It tasted even better. 
The price is slightly steep, but I think you have to pay a little more for good quality sushi. However, I am not sure if this is a regional thing, but I am used to get sushi rolls of 8 pieces not 6. Either way it was delicious.Appreciate that they stay open late but unfortunately that doesn't cancel out the fact that the avocado in both avocado rolls was overripe and smushy.
The inferno roll which is a spicy tuna roll with spicy salmon on top was a big gooey mess. I took the salmon off since it smelled less than fresh.
Shrimp tempura roll and miso was pretty standard.
it seems like they just slopped all their leftover ingredients together in the sushi rolls
The rice for all the rolls was strangely sweet and overly mushy.
I feel like I wasted $40 on take out here.
Would not return unless I was in the area and had no other choice especially late at nightReally enjoyed the food... The wasabi pork dumpling was quite good. I really like the idea of them open until 2am.This is a good neighborhood staple for us. We probably eat in or get take out from Fuji one to twice a month. The sushi is consistent and tasty here.  They give nice portioned sized nigiri pieces. 
The only dish we did not like here was the teriyaki chicken dinner. The chicken was dry and tasted like the chicken had been cooked with out seasoning and then drenched in watered down sauce. 
I would stick with the sushi here :)I love this place! the sushi is simple and  tasty simply divine sushi :)
Our service is always so pleasant, the staff here is excellent .
I recommend the the white tiger  specialty roll and any of their Sushi Ala Cart  and the Sashimi  if you wan something sweet try  the tempura bananas with green tea ice cream.Dined here early in the year for Restaurant Week and everything, I mean everything was soooo good!!!  The Wait Staff spoke good English and was knowledgeable about the menu. 
My five courses: The Seafood Miso Soup was very flavorful!! Salmon Skin Salad perfect! Susi Appetizer was juuuust right. No falling apart. By the time my fourth course came I was stuffed!!! For my fourth course, I got the Teriyaki Salmon. Delicious! The fifth course I chose the Green Tea Ice cream and you could actually taste the green tea!!! 
I hope you enjoy dining here as much as I did. Parking is crazy so bring patience.Well, my friend had a birthday party th'other night so she rented out the room on the second floor of this place. I didn't have a chance to get food, but i will say that we had a great time drinking and singing karaoke. So bottom line is: if you're gonna have a party, there's a good chance this is the place to have it.This place was everything I hoped it would be! Had a King Crab California Roll and Salmon. Washed it down with an Ichiban and some house Saki. Excellent all around!!I had a rented room for my birthday here... it was a really fun time.  My friends got kind of obnoxious, but the guy serving us was very patient with everyone did a good job of tending to us.  The karaoke room was awesome - we had the one with it's own bathroom and a bunch of couches... it was perfect.  The karaoke selection was a bit limited, but it didn't really matter once the saki bombs started flying...  There were probably about 20 of us total, and I think that's pretty much the max amount you can fit in there.  We ordered a boat of sushi, which was delicious... but it wasn't quite enough for all of us.  I should have ordered two of them.  It was pretty expensive, but I think even though we only paid for 3 hours they let us stay way longer than that since we had it at the end of the night.  It made for a very memorable night.Just ok sushi. Known to be a popular late evening hangout for some Penn students. I'd say shiroi hana and especially sagami are better for sushi.Staff is excellent helpful and friendly. Service is always quick and their rolls are awesome! Will ever going back!Large sake bombs are the best!! It was definitely worth every penny! The salmon tempura rolls are the best.Came here with some friends on a rainy friday afternoon.  We chose to get the restaurant week menu.  I did notice that the menu consisted of the cheapest items that they served.  NO fried icecream.  The soup was actually very good and it had actual scallops and mussels not the typical tofu like other joints. The starter consisted of some sort of steamed shrimp dumpling (similar to something you get for dimsum).  That was my favorite part of the meal.  Next came a salad which was literally iceberg and some arugula thrown  on  salmon eggs.  The main dish was a combo sashimi platter.  Everything here was mediocre, nothing special, the fish wasn't too fresh but not bad.  I really couldn't complain about it but I am never going to crave fuji mountain.  The dessert was red bean ice cream (self explanatory).
Bottom Line-  So-So sushi,  Great tea, nice atmosphere, not the best but not the worst.Food is solid as are the sake options. Only issue is with service which can be a bit slow. Definitely worth it though.We came here for dinner last night and I have to say, I was not disappointed. We were on the first floor so I can't rate the upper dining room or karaoke. We enjoyed a few appetizers and some maki rolls and everything was on point. The service was polite and quick and the price was very reasonable for all of the food we ordered. We would definitely come again!Very good sushi, always fresh. A little overpriced but worth it for a night out. If you are planning on ordering in or takeout, you might want to consider one of the cheaper places nearby.I like Fuji but I don't think the prices are justified. The chicken teriyaki is really large and has quite a bit of chicken (definitely very filling), but the serving of seaweed salad ($6.50, if I remember correctly) was probably half the size of my fist. Fresh fish, basic rolls were pretty small. I enjoyed their decorations though!My boyfriend and I love this place. 
We're from the Bay Area in California and it has been really difficult to find a good/decent Japanese place nearby and we were so excited to find this place. 
It's one of the few places that has full bar, everywhere seems to be BYOB. We got a hot sale for a good price and it was worth about 20 sake cups. We had so much that we couldn't finish it ourselves and shared a couple of shots to a couple beside us.
The food was amazing! My boyfriend and I love unagi and their unagi bowl was totally worth the price. It seems pricey but they really put a lot of unagi slices in the bowl unlike other places we've been to, including places in Cali.
I highly recommend this place!Fuji Mtn was the first place I had sushi in Philadelphia.  
The location is OK and in the evenings parking is fairly easy to find.  I usually end up on the same block.
The restaurant has multiple floors.  
Downstairs is the sushi bar.  My favorite is the second floor. It's a tidy little dining area where the booths are separated shoji. The stained and shellacked wood adds a nice warmth.  
There is a cocktail bar across from the upstairs dining room, just up several steps and is separated by a glass door to keep reasonable quiet in the dining area.  There is a karaoke lounge on the floor above which I've never test driven but maybe some day.
The food is simply good.  The one time I had a non-sushi entree I found the portions are decent.  For sushi, sashimi and rolls, the fish is fresh.  I usually only go to Mt. Fuji for the sushi a la carte but usually end up with soup and salad too.  The miso could use a bit of pep... or something. It's just standard.  I opt for the seaweed salad which is probably from a massive box (I sometime buy in Asian markets) but was chilled nicely.  The fish I've eaten has been very fresh. I've never received a piece which wasn't completely thawed.   The sushi and sashimi portions are average but, like I said, very fresh.  I've had larger and smaller (oddly smaller at far more expensive restaurants).
Wasabi servings are generous (I'm a fan of anything with a major spicy kick) and the pickled ginger is standard fare: still good for palate cleansing between different fish.
I wouldn't say this is the best Japanese restaurant in Philly but for a decent dinner at a fair price it's a good option.  I'll keep going back as long as they keep doing what they do.This is currently my favorite sushi place in Philadelphia. Menu is excellent and varied, service is wonderful, the ambiance is great and they stay open late even on weekdays. I always order the hamachi Kama- it's delicious!The sushi was really really good. Portions are smalled than I'm used to in Vegas but that's ok. Prices are fair and Atmosphere is great. Very classy, esp compared to some joints. definately come here for sushi in philly.
Trans Friendly- zero porblem