This is our go-to spot!!! My husband and I love it here. They're so sweet and the espresso is amazing . We feel like regulars - they know our drinks and start making them whenever I walk in! Do yourself a favor and head here for your coffee! The precision, flavor, and individuality of this shop make it an amazing experience. Highly recommended!Was very excited to come here because my friend loves this place. The atmosphere is nice and my friend had great things to say about the owner Ross. Unfortunately he was not working when I went and my service experience was subpar. Told the barista it was my first time there and she did not try to explain the menu to me. The way they make their coffee is very interesting and the owners' dedication to their craft is clear from their website and social media, but I learned more from their website and my friend than I did in the coffee shop itself. I am not a coffee connoisseur so I am pretty easy to please, but I felt rushed to order though there was no line and the barista looked at me like I was stupid when I asked questions. The way they lay out their menu with describing what the "tasting notes" are for each coffee is cool but can be confusing without an explanation. The coffee I got was decent- goes down smoothly and has a sweet aftertaste- but I ordered it more because the barista told me it was the only iced coffee they were serving at the time and I didn't have much time to look at what the other options were. It seems like a nice coffee shop and I think my experience was definitely tainted by the poor service, but I would not go out of my way to come here again.Cute spot in a cute neighborhood. Didn't get to try much, but a smooth iced coffee was refreshing even on the cold spring day. Got to sit outside near the bocce court, which is cool! I'll be back.Best coffee experience in town. The owners Ross and Megan are very knowledgeable and friendly. Mocha latte is spectacular.Great service! They care about you. Delicious breakfast sandwich! Coffee is also unbelievable!Staff is friendly. Latte art got me many likes on Insta, which is key. 
Please come up with a better system for egg sandwiches. I ate it, because I was hungry. But the sandwich was handed to me lukewarm (I asked if it was hot and they said it "should be warm") and much of the cheese was rock hard.Knowledgeable & Ross: the two words I would use to describe FCL.
Why? Because Ross is the knowledgable mastermind behind FCL. His passion, joy, and creativity with knowledge on coffee highlighted my experience. Looking at a menu can be overwhelming and oddly confusing, especially when you're no coffee expert on certain types of beans and the brewing process [aka me.] 
Ross delights in educating the customers and picking the right cup of joe for each individual- perfect duo. The menu changes, but what I can say is that the texture of the coffee goes down very smoothly- which is hard to find. However I didn't taste what the description of the coffee said it would, such as grapefruit or pb ice cream. The taste was rather subtle. Although I did appreciate that the taste was brewed well, and not overpowering or burnt. 
Conclusion? 
Honestly speaking, I probably liked Ross and picking at his knowledgeable mind more than my cup of latte- not because I didn't like my lattes, but because Ross is that awesome to meet and learn from.honey natural espresso on today!  served amazingly. maybe the best light roast single origin espresso i've had yet. go get some barsita!
update! an amazing Burundi espresso 12/31/16. maybe the best i've ever had. Thanks Function. always the highest quality.Function Coffee Labs is amazing. Ross gracefully combines the welcoming hospitality of a local independent coffee shop and the creative, fun, nerdiness of a great, 3rd wave, speciality coffee shop. 
My common experience at most 3rd wavey coffee spots in Philadelphia leave me cold and have "forgot the plot" (as Gordon Ramsay says) - a sense of forgetting to fill the space with good spirit, warm welcoming and goodness in people, as is the essential component to food service/ hospitality. 
My experience here is that guests connect with each other BECAUSE Ross shares his passion with lightheartedness, joy, and intentional accessibility. He sets the tone.
What Ross offers in terms of hospitality, and coffee goodness, is both rare and lovely. You don't need to "get it" to appreciate what he is doing here. The love in it is obvious. If you are coffee nerd you might set up a yurt in the neighboring park. 
Rumi says,"Your task is not to seek for love, but merely to seek and find all the barriers within yourself that you have built against it." Ross is a person who loves both people and coffee freely. His heart & care are obvious.All too often coffee shops on Yelp are rated more on the cuteness and Instagramability of the decor. This place meets both those criteria but this is a coffee shop and it has some of, if not the best, coffee I have ever had. I don't know what they are doing here, but it works.My favorite coffee in Philly, and I've tried a lot of places.  Honestly, the owner, Ross, is as committed to making and selling the best coffees and espressos as anyone I've ever bought from.  If you're into coffee and want to talk shop, or just want a great cup, this is the place.  A great atmosphere to hang out in or, in good weather, sit at the small tables outside overlooking the park and bocce court.  Also, if you're walking through the italian market, it's just a block away and is definitely worth the visit.this is not your average coffee shop...it's a coffee experience. the atmosphere is classy and comfortable. definitely a place I'd be interested in hanging for a few hours. more so, I'd hang for a few hours because the owner ross is incredibly warm and engaging...and knowledgeable of coffee. 
I brought my mom in (she had a delicious cappuccino) and I had the perfect espresso whose flavored morphed from lime and butter to blackberry as it cooled. no acidity; just perfection.Tried the Colombian Espresso shot, Burundi Cappucino, and some pastries including the Cinnamon Roll (heated up) and the smoked paprika and cheddar croissant, both greatly exceeded my expectations.  These guys know coffee and confections!Stopped in today, everybody seemed wired in and happy, left with a good cup of coffee. Functional.My search is complete. I think I've tried about 95% of notable coffeeshops in the Philly area. I can confidently say that I found "the one".
Greeted by friendly baristas in a quiet part of the Italian Market area, Function Coffee Labs boasts a vibrant culture dedicated to good, sustainable, delicious coffee. I have yet to try the espresso but the pourover is usually how I make my judgement call.
El Pilar, Guatemala. Vibrant and flavorful, you could taste the notes in each sip. Easily best black coffee in Philly. Underrated perhaps due to location but I have no doubt this place will do amazing. 
My wife got the maple butternut squash latte. It was described to us as a warm "hug inside a cup"... accurate.coffee is decent at best-- sad excuse for a pastry selection. not sure how they got all of their bad reviews (there were 20+) deleted about the fact that get fired a transgender employee that was being harassed by customers and had reached out for support. this review is not about that though (even though it is very shady) it's about the lackluster overpriced coffee that they try to pass off as "science"The cafe lattes here are delicious. I usually get flavored lattes which they don't have but they made me a "warm and cozy" which was sweetened with cinnamon and honey and was delicious.  The chai latte is more floral than spicy which could be good or bad depending on your preference.The Colman (5 stars): barista special mocha with oat milk and malt barley syrup and special ingredient. Really delicious, just a bit of sweetness but not terribly much, and a lovely mouthfeel from the oat milk.
Bonus for free shot of Guinness for st patrick's day. Very friendly. Not a huge space but has decent amount of turnover. Love all the windows and natural lighting!Their iced tea is outstanding! They have really interesting latte flavors, and it's a very cute spot to hang out with a friend or get some work done.Love this place.  (I roast my own coffee, so my standards are pretty high.)  The owner Ross knows a TON about coffee, and that really comes through when you stop in.  This will be my new go-to coffee shop whenever I'm anywhere near this area.Great local  coffee house. They roast their own products under the label Vibrant coffee.  They have a nice range of different roasts and even  do cupping events every month to try their new products. Stop by if you are in the area for a great cup iced or hot . You will not be disappointed.So they switched their in-house beans and I was skeptical cuz why change something that's already good? Because it's better!!!  I surprised myself when I found myself saying "so good" aloud after the first sip again and again. and I don't think I've ever had that reaction. Well done!Very nice and friendly staff. The location is small but clean, quiet and neat. 
I tried their mocha and egg and cheese for breakfast and both were really good.Function is a wonderful coffeeshop, with an exceptionally knowledgeable owner and an always interesting array of coffees. Ross is very friendly and loves to talk about coffee and brewing methods, and has a very discerning palate. The other baristas are also very friendly, and I have yet to have a cappuccino, pour-over, or espresso that wasn't excellent. 
However, Function does have one not-insignificant drawback, and that is the pastries. Given the quality of coffee, my expectations were high, especially since many Philly cafes have pretty good pastries. Unfortunately, most of the pastries at Function however are not worthy of the coffee they are served with. They tend to be dry, overcooked, too sweet, or bland. There are certainly exceptions like the cheesecake and hand pies, which are both very good! 
The space isn't huge, but is very pleasant, the wifi is excellent, and there are chairs and tables outside in nice weather which is great!Favorite place to get coffee in Philly. Great baristas who are friendly and very knowledgeable about coffee. Recommend the affogato with Jeni's Brown Butter and Almond Brittle, one of my favorite affogatos anywhere.Love this shop. Ross, the owner, has a serious passion for coffee and it shows in everything he does. There are always multiple beans available with different flavor profiles and he has the tools and talent to extract the best possible result from them. When he tells you that it's going to have blackberry or cola notes, you are going to taste blackberry or cola. The specialty drinks are excellent as well. I've been to hundreds of coffee shops all over the world and this one is up there in the absolute top few.Really good and fresh!! Cute little place with a local feel to it. Employees were super sweet! The coffee was fine and the overnight oats were to die for AMAZING!! I would go again just for those! Cool place to stop for a break from the heat while traveling or just for a simple morning coffee!If you don't love this place, you don't love coffee.  And as they say, people make the party. Well, the people that run this place are full of love, smiles and a passion for what they do.I have been coming here for a few months and even go out of my way to make a visit! I love the science made coffee theme and the owners are just so incredibly nice. They are usually there daily. The coffee is amazing and the treats are fresh and also made locally! I can't wait to be a 5 minute walk away from this place!!This will be my second Yelp review after having and using the app for I think quite a few years. I only say that to express that this is how compelled I felt to write a review. I am not a wordsmith either, so deal with it. 
I (somewhat) recently moved to this neighborhood and amongst all the other amazing features, Function is WONDERFUL. Ross made a point to remember my girlfriend and my name, as I am sure he does with Function's other patrons, but it really shows that they care about their customers. Aside from feeling at home with Function, the coffee and food are out. of. this. world. I am by no means a foodie, but I would like to think that anyone would agree with me that everything that Functions does is solid gold. I look forward to more drink, food, and conversation each time I come in. Thanks!!Perfect. That's the only way to describe it. Small but comfortable (doesn't feel cramped at all). Small selection of pastry-type items and very knowledgeable owner that didn't come off as snooty at all which, as someone who likes coffee but is not knowledgeable at all, I truly appreciate.The pour over here is my reward for when I do something good with my life. They give it to you with tasting notes and in an Erlenmeyer flask.Probably one of the best cups of iced coffee ive ever had.  it was smooth, refreshing and delicious.  No need for any sugar or cream.Excellent coffee but 4 stars though for noise from the grinder and loud neighbors due to tight space.My favorite local coffee spot. Staff is all very friendly and the coffee always tastes amazing! Great place to get some work done--great wifi--but I do wish it was a little bigger.FCL is such a find! It's a great destination if you're heading down from Center City, as we did, and want to enjoy a pleasant walk. The coffee shop itself is small, but it's got lots of Windows, a few cute tables, bar seating and friendly, knowledgable service. It's definitely worth a stop!Very good cup of coffee! I like the small and quite atmosphere. Great to have in the neighborhood. Real nice owner. Will definitely be back.You'd be hard-pressed to find a coffee shop owner as passionate and knowledgeable as Ross. Of course you can choose your own drink, but if you're in the mood for something new, he's always got a special espresso he's eager to tell you about.
He also knows everyone in the neighborhood's name, and his fiancé, Megan, has done a great job making the atmosphere comfortable and inviting.Adorable and cozy spot! Definitely off the beaten trail but this is a go-to of a friend of mine, and I'm so happy she suggested meeting here. Definitely small, but if you can get a table, you can find yourself lost here for hours.
The service was kind and welcoming, and the coffee delicious. They had so many options, as well as great tea options and food as well (breakfast sandwiches), and baked goods are brought in from other local Philly area establishments. The atmosphere is very cheery and unique. I can see myself coming back here for a coffee date or to get some work done!I stopped by one morning as I was killing time in the neighborhood and was happy I stumbled across it. It's a cozy spot and has some outdoor seating. I very much enjoyed my coffee and overnight oats. Staff was very friendly and they were testing out new blends and experimenting with brewing times while I was there, which told me they care about what they do. Overall a great little neighborhood coffee shop.These guys have perfected the science of coffee (literally). Incredible and unique coffee from all over the world. If you really want to high quality coffee or latte - I would highly recommend this place. It's not like any other shop in the area.The coffee was fine but the environment struck me as more pretentious than it was worth. Maybe I'm just not appreciative of the subtleties of coffee as I should be, but I'll stick with black and brew.Amazing addition to the coffee map of Philadelphia. I first came here because I was excited about a new shop that was serving coffee (and selling retail bags) roasted by Ceremony (a MD coffee roaster), which is otherwise unavailable in Philadelphia. When I came, I was pleasantly surprised to find that not only do they have great taste in sourcing their coffees, but that Ross is very serious about producing awesome and flavorful coffee. And this coffee is great. The espresso shots there are easily some of the best being produced in Philadelphia right now. Otherwise, the shop is comfortable and welcoming, and the owners are super friendly.The baristas are super super bubbbly and awesome. The aesthetic is the place is very Insta worthy and cozy. I like the pillows and comfy chAirs. Excellent place to get work done or chat / catch up with a friend. And probably a cute date place too. The matcha drink was yum!!! Loved it. Highly recommend.Love the Affogato!!!!!!!!! Such a great combination of Guatemala espresso & vanilla ice cream! Actually I got two of themI recommend this coffee shop to anyone and everyone! Ross is an incredibly skilled barista (especially when is comes to cortados) and greets you with a welcoming vibe every visit. Function is a great addition to the Italian market!!!Function Coffee Labs is my favorite coffeeshop in Philly. Ross always has the Thesis espresso (Brazil & Colombia) from Ceremony and rotates two single origin espressos. If you're an espresso connoisseur I highly recommend doing the Duo, which allows you to taste two of the espressos. Also, while most people serve sparkling water as a palate cleanser, Ross also serves celery, which goes well as a palate cleanser.
In addition to the espresso, Ross has great pastries, which he sources from local bakeries, such as Essen.
This is also a great place to work/study/hang out near the Italian Market, has fast wifi, and plenty of outlets.
Lastly, I went to one of Ross' coffee tasting classes and found it very fun and informative. i would highly recommend.Believe the hype! Excellent coffee in a cute, homey atmosphere, served by the extremely pleasant and knowledgeable owner, Ross. Corner shop, with nice, bright windows looking across 10th to the little park. Tasty baked goods, and breakfast sandwiches (if you arrive early enough before they sell out).Come here for connoisseur-made espresso by the should-be famous owner Ross. The man deserves his own cooking show for lattes made to exacting standards of taste and temperature. It's close to the Fleisher but I used to go to work and the decor plus WiFi combo with easy facilities made camping out a viable option. Super comfy cozy and pretty.The Brazil espresso I had was not good, poor crema, thin and over extracted if I had to guess I would say the grind was too coarseThe ideal place for coffee aficionados or the casual coffee drinker! I absolutely love this coffee shop because FCL offers different types of coffee from all over the world! Ross (the coffee genius) carefully and skillfully prepares them to bring out the best flavors in every drink! Ross is incredibly welcoming to the degree that he greets most of his guests by name when they walk in, which makes this adorable place feel even more warm and quaint. They sell delicious treats from High Point Bakery as well has quiche and breakfast sandwiches. This is one of my "happy places" and the best addition to the Bella Vista neighborhood in a long time!An adorable, sunny corner coffee shop serving up the most delicious coffee in a variety of ways. One of my favorite things about this shop is the attention to detail and the education provided to each customer. Meg and Ross take special care to ask you exactly what you are looking to drink and explain what on the menu will best fit your needs. 
The pastries and treats here are also the BOMB. So glad Function Coffee Labs has made its way to South Philly!Function Coffee Labs is the place to go if you want excellent coffee from knowledgeable staff. They offer some interesting menu items, like the duo or trio, which are great if you're up for giving a few different items a try. 
Great place to read a book or do some work. This shop is across town from where I live, but definitely worth the trek!Great coffees and tasty pastries.  An excellent addition to the neighborhood, as this area of the city has a severe lack of high end coffee.  Ross is extremely friendly and can help you figure out the menu.  They also have regular drip coffee that's reasonably priced if you're on the run.  My new go-to spot.
Grab a cup and a pastry and enjoy the morning in Bardascino Park right across the street!Loved this cafe and the whole ambience of it. Definitely a gem in South Philly area. The barista recommended the 'warm n cozy' latte and it was delicious! It had hints of honey and spice with it and I can't forget the amazing latte art! Can't wait to go back again!I have been to the coffee shop a few times now and I can't even describe how good their coffee is. I love to travel and always look for the best coffee place, and this one is incredible. The owners are super friendly and can go into a lot of details and explanations about their coffee if you ask (they won't bother you if you're not asking though). And the highlight of it all, their CHEESECAKE! My second favourite thing to look for after coffee, and they actually beat the best cheesecake places I have been to, hard to believe but see for yourself!The guy behind the counter was extremely friendly and served us quickly, but this is the first time I've had a coffee from a nice coffee place that I wish I hadn't had black. It just wasn't for me.Great espresso! Very quality driven! Highly recommended for lovers of specialty coffee!It's the sweetest little, bright and sunny corner coffee shop in Bella Vista where everything is created with the upmost care. They are hands on with the entire process  of your creative beverage, from planting, processing, inspecting, roasting, grinding, harvesting, milling and brewing. Prices reflect this care, but I'm totally more than willing to pay it for this type of unique beverage. 
They also serve up some drool worthy pastries and are vegan and gluten-free friendly too. 
Oh, and their chalkboard signs out front are always guaranteed to make you chuckle. 
Today I indulged in the Barista's special, a butternut squash spiced almond milk latte with syrup they make themselves from 100% butternut squash. It was delicious!! Not too flavored and sweet, just enough. I am also anxiously awaiting the return of their pb&j almond milk latte! YUM!!!Haven't yet been able to find a cup of coffee here I didn't think was meticulously crafted. Owner is clearly proud of the work, and the shop reflects it. Can't rate this place highly enoughSpeedy service, excellent coffee and reasonable prices.This is a must for anyone in Philadelphia.If you are looking for the best coffee in the city, then look no further. Ross brings the delight of wine tasting to coffee, and the tasting notes are always on point. His scientific background lends itself very well to the science of coffee, and you will be amazed at what he can do.
This is not a frilly coffee shop, so look elsewhere for your double chocolate frapp's. If you want to experience what coffee should have been tasting like for your entire life, then Function is the place.honey natural espresso on today!  served amazingly. maybe the best light roast single origin espresso i've had yet. go get some barsita!Wonderful and absolutely adorable coffee shop! I went there and had a fantastic coffee and a delicious breakfast sandwich with my family! They are on a perfect location as well on the corner of S. 10th street. The owners Ross and Megan are very friendly and very knowledgeable! I suggest to stay away from Starbucks, Dunkin Doughnuts of the world and support local at Function Coffee Labs! Great atmosphere, great flavor coffee (also amazing creativity), and delicious food! Support local! Check it out. You will be highly satisfied!Great atmosphere, phenomenal coffee, and delicious treats! Inviting, unique, and caters to a wide range of coffee-goers. I'll be back, bringing friends!I am so happy to have found this coffee shop!! Most shops in town tend to have either great coffee or friendly service, and Function proves that it is possible to have both! This is some of the best coffee I have had in philly and a great little shop to stop by. The only problem is that the seating is very limited, but just be open to taking your drink to go and you won't be disappointed!FCL has been on my coffee shop list for a while and finally made it in today. LOVE IT. They have tons of coffee options (lattes, espresso & pour over), the baristas are friendly and very knowledgable about the different coffee options/roasts. I was recommended the washed Ethiopia and it definitely didn't disappoint. 
 They also have coffee for sale. I always keep my eye out for coffee from Huehuetenango in Guatemala and FCL has it!!! Can i add more stars to my review?? 
Not a ton of seating available, but there is the park across the street, so if it's a nice day get your coffee to go and have a seat out there.
I will most definitely be coming back to Function Coffee Labs and bringing people with me.Summary: quiet, great decor, excellent coffee, small shop
Came here on a Sunday morning around 9. Parking is on the street and it's pretty quiet in the shop with a steady stream of customers. Great decor with a decent amount of places to sit for such a small place. 
Got the iced areopress Kiunyu, Kenya from the laboratory line. The description on the board- tropical fruit, tamarind caramel, and blackberry/grape is pretty spot on. Blackberry/grape notes are slight. Took about 5 min to make. 
Def a good place to hit up if you're in the area and are serious about some great tasting coffee!It's my first time at Function Coffee and I plan on coming here every time I'm on this side of town. The owners are friendly, the coffee is delicious, and the vibe is friendly and warm. Although the space is small, it has ample seating, including a bench with throw pillows. This is a great place to unwind.This has got to be my favorite coffee shop in Philadelphia. The shop itself is super cute and cozy. ALL of the baristas are very knowledgeable and are always able to recommend good coffee to my taste! Also it's such a great atmosphere to go study which is always important to a good coffee shop.Adorable corner coffee shop just off the main strip of the Italian Market. Great ambiance!Awful!!! Never going back there ! The coffee wasn't even hot like I asked and plus I heard about the transgender that got fired and that's to ok at all . Never going back !!Couple notes on this place:
1. Overpriced - 5.75 for a small chai latte with almond milk?!
2. Minimal flavor options: no vanilla, only maple or honey. 
3. Minimal sweetener options: only simple syrup. 
4. Poor pastry selection.
5. Overnight oats: overpriced and bland... the ones I make at home are better.
6. Very small location - not much parking or seating.The best cappuccino in the city, served in a beautiful green cup by the friendly cafe owners. The pastry selection is creative and thoughtful and the atmosphere is peaceful and full of natural light. (After seven years of drinking good coffee in Philly, I created a yelp account just to write this review!)With a special and unique coffee and tea menu, the owners are very passionate about pouring the best cups in Philadelphia. Their combination of science, artisan technique, and next-level beans will impress even the most novice drinkers. I enjoy visiting their friendly spot to learn about coffee hacks and tapping their fresh pastry bar, too.You are sitting at the window, watching the rain slowly drizzle from the sky. Behind you, you hear the barista (and possible owner) argue with a customer about the science behind brewing coffee. What are the flavors that you can get out of each cup? What flavors don't you want? What makes good coffee? How do we KNOW that?
Whether you like this or not - that is up to you. You don't have to listen; you don't have to go here. But why wouldn't you? If you want great coffee, why would you not go somewhere that makes the utmost effort to make the absolute best, constantly improving what they can do and what they know?
This is hands down the best coffee in Philly. Come and get it. And if you want it, there is vast knowledge here. Come and get it.Located adjacent to the Italian Market - this place is cozy, comfortable, and takes its coffee seriously. I went in on a random weekday and you can overhear conversations between the owner and the customers about best ways to grind coffee or what they are thinking about trying next. These guys are really serious about their coffee, diving into the subtlety of the flavors and optimizing the best way to make it. And it really shows! I got the special latte - which changes frequently - but was delicious. My only qualm is that it is a LITTLE pricey for a latte (think $6).Went in today after reading some good reviews for the "Warm and Cozy". After spending $5.50 on a 12oz (wow, that's insanely expensive), I have to say that I almost got back in my car and drove to get my money back. This beverage was lukewarm and had little to no flavor at all. I would expect a coffee place like this, who claims to have top of the line coffee, to serve something better. It was so bland and flavorless I was actually quite upset that I had spent so much. I had to come home and put it in the microwave! I hate microwaving coffee, I think it ruins the flavor, but since there was no flavor to begin with I did it anyway. I honestly don't think I'll be back. There are plenty of coffee shops in Philadelphia. Go somewhere else.This is the most amazing coffee I've ever had.  Never burned like Starbucks, you pick up on nuances of flavor in coffee that is so frequently lost elsewhere.  Ross is a true coffee genius and makes you want to devote yourself to his following.  Excellent service and unbeatable drinks.this coffee is absolutely amazing. 10/10 Would recommend the blueberry lavander latte. Staff is very friendly and the shop is very cute