I loved this place every time I went there. The food here is very good. A friend recommended this place to me. Their servers could be trained more in hospitality and guest service but that's about it.I've been coming to Gallo's for more than 38 years. I adore fresh seafood & this is a good spot close to home. Recent change in ownership/ management has done little to deter the seniors coming for great deals on their eclectic fare. I have an allergy to pepper & paprika & they are very accommodating   Lunch & dinner specials are posted on a blackboard. They have a Buger Bar room as well as a sit down bar area with large off street parking. Come & enjoy the helpful staff & good food.Best Seafood Restaurant in Philadelphia 
I ever had a bad meal here outstanding great staff
Best Service A++++Early dinner with Grandma. She had the fried flounder dinner which she said was good. Clean Plate Club!!
I had Mussels Marina. Very good, small and tender. More bread need for dipping!  Yum. Could have made a meal of them. 
Chicken Marsala as main course. Surprisingly good!!! Very generous portion. Very tender and delicious.  Tasty sauce with mushrooms. More bread for sopping.
Great service, though it was a Monday nite.The food was great.  Our waitress was excellent and the wait wasn't very long at all.  The portions were generous and full of flavor.Update: my dad got food poisoning from either the veggies he ate or from the Caesar salad. Safe to say not coming back hereVery nice place for seafood dinner for family. We came in for sunset special between 3-6pm include soup or salad, entre and desert. Very nice deal for around $20! Seafood bisque was excellent, crab cake had lump crabmeat and apple cobbler was definitely not to miss.Have not been Gallos in many years. Used to go as a kid when it was on Frankford and served off paper plates.  Today its a good solid NE Philly Seafood restaurant and we were pleased that we came back. Prices were fair, portions were fair and the food is excellent! Server did a great job and the restaurant was clean and neat.Gallos SUCKS! We would always go and loved it, I took my family (5) there last night and got bad service and half assed food! I could not believe it, I never send back food (soft shell crabs) I did! I'm really pissed they screwed up our dinner for that price, I had to write a review, I knew something was wrong when we did not have to wait on Friday night. No wonder it's going under along with those lousy waitresses!!! Can we give less than 1 star?Hostess and manager nice, food was blah pan seared crab cakes were bad had to add salt and lots of cocktail sauce for taste, mashed potatoes were bland, kids chicken and fries were OK, waiter was nice but a little on the slow side, ceaser salad comes with NO parm cheese this is a main ingredient so not sure how this happened, couple next to me stated they had waited 1 hour before their food showed, just avoid, better seafood in the area and parking is a bust.When in a hurry to eat some serious flavorful seafood or even if you are in the mood
For a really awesome burger gallos is the place to go! Short trip away tucked in the back drop of the north east one can't go wrong with this place.Excellent food.  The crab cakes, coconut shrimp, seafood bisque, and linguini and crab (on the take out menu) are a few of my favorites among many.  You can't go wrong with anything you choose. Drinks from the bar are always on point.  Never had a bad experience.  Definitely one of my favorite places whether it's a solo dinner at the bar or at a table with family and friends.Delicious seafood! Added bonus--if you're under age 50--you will feel oh so young here! This is a haven for senior citizens.
I would recommend lunch here as dinner-altho good-gets pricey and dinners do not even come with a soup or a salad.
Fried seafood is delicious-fried eggplant is excellent-fried onion rings are great (get the theme here?).
They used to make a homemade killer white chocolate bread pudding with raspberry-it's been off the menu now for years. It was SO GOOD!
A Northeast institution.Was there tonite for dinner. I had crab imperial which is what I always get and it didn't disappoint.  I would have liked garlic mashed potatoes but was told they don't do mashed potatoes anymore. However, my husband got the broiled seafood. The fish cake was grey in color and not very appetizing.  Shrimp and scallops were overcooked and tough.  Also noted that we did not have to wait for a table. Any other time we have been there we have had to wait.  Seems like the quality of the food has gone down and that is why they are not as busy.Due to some less than stellar YELP reviews, I wasn't sure what to expect when I visited Gallo's this week for a funeral luncheon in their banquet room. I was pleasantly surprised by the top-notch bartending (delicious Margaritas!) excellent food (house salad dressing was great - and don't miss the apple cobbler!) and extraordinary service from the waitstaff. The room was lovely and updated in terms of decor, and we were served a fantastic meal by two very professional waitstaff personnel. 
I'm a somewhat picky diner - I don't like heavily processed foods very much. Everything I had tasted fresh and home-made. Our choices were Chicken Marsala or Grilled Salmon. Even though I'm not much of a meat eater, I opted for the chicken and it was EXCELLENT. Moist, fresh-tasting (not that sodium-injected stuff) and served with fresh green beans and roasted potatoes. My husband is even more critical than I am and he  was blown away with the grilled salmon - he raved about it. As noted the salads were wonderful with a light but tasty dressing, and the fresh rolls were enjoyed by everyone at the table. Beverage service (soft drinks and coffee/tea) was efficient as well.
I cannot comment on the regular restaurant or bar, but if you are looking for a private luncheon or dinner space for a birthday, communion, rehearsal dinner, etc. in Northeast Philly, Gallo's is an excellent choice.I just visited for the first time in a long time.  I should come here more often.  
I got an excellent, perfectly cooked piece of fresh fish.  (Also VERY large compared to what I'm accustomed to getting elsewhere.)  Cake was very impressive.  (I believe it was homemade.)  Coffee was good.  Server was very friendly, attentive, and fast.  And I left feeling like I got a good deal.
The cocktail menu could use an update (e.g., maybe offer some lighter or innovative drinks with fresh juice).  But I was still happy with the cocktail that they made at my request.  
I'd like to see them spruce up their sides a bit.  For example, fresh-cut French fries would be nice.
Overall, a good experience and I'll be visiting more frequently.  I'm still thinking about that cake as I'm writing this.After reading the last few reviews I am concerned with society. Why is it so unacceptable to patronize a restaurant that is frequented by the older generations. They are clearly the wiser. I have never had a bad meal at Gallo's. My friends and I (ages 25-30) love going for fresh seafood. I have left many shore points and gone to Gallo's in search of what I couldn't find by the ocean. I don't know how the owner does it.. but he does it well! 
My Favorite is the Fisherman's Stew with white garlic sauce and a cup of the seafood bisque. Never been disappointed. Perhaps some reviewers are unaware of how good seafood should be enjoyed!Have to agree with all of the reviewers who commented on how food was not worth the prices they are not charging. Ordered chicken Piscataway the other night - $19.95! Are you kidding me? To be fair, chicken marsala was $13.95. Why the price discrepancy? No one I asked seemed to know. They are essentially the same dish with a different sauce. The food here is not outstanding; just average quality; I think they are pricing themselves out of business. Was not like this in the beginning and for many years thereafter. Seems like they forgot what made them successful in the first place. Not the worst place on the Blvd...but there are a lot of better options priced much more fairly.Always good food and a friendly staff. A bit pricey but worth it. I always get the fried flounder when I visit and am never disappointed, as it is fresh and cooked perfectly every time. I also recommend the roasted potatoes, chicken pastina soup and house-made cheesecake.My family has been going here for over 20 years. It's a good spot for fresh seafood. Tonight we did takeout. We had the fish tacos which my husband likes, and I had blackened flounder with a side of roasted potatoes and broccoli. I got 6 tiny peices of potato, which was a skimpy serving, so that was very dissapointing​. Other than that the food was good.We all had seafood dinners and overall had a fair experience.  Wasn't too sure whether we received lobster bisque soup even though we ordered Manhattan clam chowder.  Our server assured us that we did indeed receive the clam chowder and confirmed our observations that it was too creamy for a Manhattan clam chowder & that other diners in the past had the same complaint.  Desserts were excellent and overall we had a relaxed Sunday afternoon lunch together.I've never had a bad meal at Gallo's. Their seafood is great. I especially like their calamari and crab cakes. Their seafood bisque is amazing! We would always get a couple quarts to take home.Without question one of the best seafood restaurants in the vicinity; worth traveling a bit to get to as well.   Atmosphere not what I'd call "intimate" but food far outweighs that issue.   We go regularly; service has never been a problem.   I am surprised that anyone could give this place any bad review.   Recently took two friends to eat there with us who live in City Line area - they are still talking about it.   Said it was the best grouper they've ever eaten.Was here today and the staff was wonderful on time with everything had the stuff mushrooms but my meal was not needed more flavor but over all was pretty goodJust about the freshest seafood around! The staff is super friendly and efficient. You can't beat the early bird special either. I always look forward to my next visit at Gallo's.Authentic Fifties style seafood house with a certain degree of variability. Service is overwhelmed and under informed , but that's authentic too, isn't it. If you are looking for great oysters and generous portions of seafood , this is the place. Prices are reasonable. If you want cutting edge cuisine, go dpwntown and pay twice as much.I was in the mood for some seafood and needed something that was close by to where I needed to be at a certain time. I had actually been to the "Burger Bar" side of this joint a few times, really enjoying it. I figured that Gallo's couldn't be that bad, right? The Yelp reviews all seemed about average, so in I want. 
The place is pretty big, so odds are, you'll get seated right away. I walked in a little after 6 on a Saturday, not having to wait for a table at all. Yes, the place is filled with old people, but they don't bother me!
There's a huge bowl of oyster crackers and horseradish sitting on the table. Those aren't anything to special to me, and I really try to avoid eating stuff that is probably recycled at least one time throughout the evening. 
My first thought about the menu was the prices. I'm willing to pay good money for great food, so I really was expecting the best. Nothing comes with soup or salad, so I was thinking that things were going to be something to really write home about. I opted for the stuffed flounder served over spinach with a side of broccoli. My opposition ordered fried shrimp with a side of potatoes and asparagus (which costs extra). We were given one piece of bread to split by the waitress. 
Food came out super quick. Unfortunately, for almost 21 dollars for my plate alone, it was just not good. My vegetables were cold. My spinach tasted funky. The fish actually wasn't too bad, but it didn't have much flavor. It really was a failure moment. The portion was small and it sucked. The fried shrimp was fried shrimp. I really don't feel like you could screw that up in any way. The asparagus was cold and soggy. The meal wasn't worth what we paid at all. 
The service was okay. The waitress didn't seem very happy until it came time to drop us the check in which she snuck in some happiness. She was pretty short worded up until that point. That was the least of my problems though. 
I'm good on this place. I'll return to Burger Bar one day, but this place....not worth it at all.Decent seafood, but it's one of those places that won't seat you until the entire party arrives.So we gave Gallos a second chance. Let me just say we left much happier then before. After my last review I was contacted by the manager, she made it worth the trip to stop back in.
We arrived around 7 pm Thursday. We were sat after a 15 minute wait and Jennifer was our server. She was fantastic! She was consistent, refills came without asking and she was very attentive. The oyster crackers are great and the bread was really fresh!!My wife ordered the crab cake entree. They were cooked to perfection! The zucchini that accompanied though were very undercooked. The coleslaw was delicious and fresh. I went with the fried seafood combination platter. It comes with Tilapia. I cannot stand that fish! I asked to substitute for flounder. I was told they weren't serving flounder, okay, that was a bummer. I did substitute for an additional deviled crab. They did charge me an additional $1.50 for that. When my meal arrived I wasn't very impressed at first. The scallops were extremely small as was the shrimp. Both were very good but still small. The deviled clam I was not a fan of. It was a bit dry and flavorless. The deviled crabs were very very good. My sides were stewed tomatoes and coke slaw. Both side were also very good. We did split the Mac and cheese. Loved the shells but they were a bit undercooked. Otherwise the Mac and cheese was very good. I added a side salad with my entree, for $2.50 it wasn't worth it. They cut the lettuce too small and it's difficult to eat lol.
Overall we left much happier then last time. Just a few minor tweaks and this could be my seafood place. We may give it another shot in the future.Love this place.  Never had a bad meal. Went on Sunday, Julie our server was awesome. Highly recommend this restaurant.Phenomenal food and service. I ordered linguine with crab and lobster in rosé sauce. When it arrived, I figured I would require a doggie bag, but it was too good to not finish.  Cannoli finished off a perfect meal.My first time eating here. Pretty good. The prices were lower than I expected for a seafood joint.  I had the Canadian salmon. It was great. We waited 5 minutes to be seated.  That's awesome for a Saturday night.We ate here on a Wednesday nite.   We were seated right away and got a few drinks and an appetizer.   Our waiter was very pleasant and he seemed to know the menu well. I ordered the  variety of seafood over linguine with white sauce.  All our dishes were some kind of seafood.   It started to take a while for the food and the waiter said they made mine with red instead of white so that was the delay.   When the food got there it was freshly prepared and all 4 orders were delicious.  The total before tip with a few rounds of drinks was about 135.  Not supper cheap but the food was definitely worth it. 
Great food and good service.   The kitchen was a little slow but I am going to go back again.I have been going to Gallos for 50 years.  Always the freshest and best seafood. Excellent service and good prices are always part of the experience.This would be 3.5 stars if I could.  It's a solid restaurant. 
My dad comes here all the time and loves it! 
I feel I am a bigger critic. It's a good place to get food but again never have had a great meal.  I also never a had a bad meal. 
I really like their clams! The cherry stones are pretty solid. I prefer it raw
Their seafood salad is pretty good and it's big enough for my dad and I to share 
I have had the crab cakes which is also good.  
Their service is always pretty good!Great spot for seafood. Never had a bad meal they have good servers too, seafood has always been a little pricey but they have a nice menuWhen in a hurry to eat some serious flavorful seafood or even if you are in the mood
For a really awesome burger gallos is the place to go! Short trip away tucked in the back drop of the north east one can't go wrong with this place. You can sub the old all time favorite the grouper special since it's out of season for tilapia or another fish it's the best thing on the menu in my opinion sautéed spinach and crabmeat in a rich fish broth wish mushrooms ,  the dessert is good too the apple cobbler a la mode is deliciousVery very disappointed. I came for the Early Bird special on a Saturday night and arrived around 4:50pm. I left at 6:40 pm which kind of says it all. The service was terrible. The waitress had no interest in serving us at all. She didn't mention any specials, did not ask us what we wanted to drink and we waited forever for the food. The food wasn't bad, I had salmon and my friend had the crab crusted tilapia but for the time we waited I doubt we will be returning soon. Definitely want to check out the burger bar, Gallos is making itself out to be pretentious which it shouldn't be. I felt like I had a sign on me saying " I want bad service."  There is no way you should be in a restaurant for close to 2 hours for one meal .Always fantastic. They now have a burger bar attached. Drove here from Brooklyn since I don't live in Northeast anymore. If you remember, order the Lobster Francese, its not on the menu anymore, but it is to die for!!Meh. Only came here because this is my grandparents favorite place to eat. The seafood is good. Our waiter was very attentive to our group of 14 and did a great job. 
The crowd is a mix between rift raft and elderly people. This place reminded me more of a glorified red lobster. 
I got the blackened chicken (but opt out the chicken  for shrimp instead. An extra 3 dollars) which was delicious if you like pene pasta and a white cream sauce. 
Haven't tried their burger bar. 
Bottom line: the seafood is decent, the cliental kind of turn me away from this place.
** Update: my dad got food poisoning from either the veggies he ate or from the Caesar salad. Safe to say not coming back here **
2 stars only because I enjoyed my mealThis is my go to place for seafood in the Northeast Philly area. Fish is always fresh and the service is pretty good. 
As strange as this sounds, the best thing on the menu here is their blackened chicken penne. It is AMAZING. The dish consists of penne pasta, chicken breast, asparagus and sun-dried tomatoes all tossed together in a larger than life bowl. Be prepared to take some home. The prices are decent and they have a full bar with moderately priced drinks. 
Upon reading the other review for this place, i agree that some things can be bland-but nothing a little salt can't fix.We've been coming here for years and consistently have a great meal here. 
I love the horseradish. It's incredible and homemade and they give you little oyster crackers. 
We always love the mussels and fried flounder. And if they have clam chowder on the menu, definitely get it. This place is always crowded for good reasons.I went there recently and a table of more than 6 guests raised a stink about a gratuity being added to their bill. These customers were rude and said the waiter gave them bad service. That was not true at all. The waiter, a tall young man, went above and beyond to satisfy the customers. The menu clearly states the right to add a gratuity to any party over 6 persons. The so-called manager, a woman, caved into their demands to remove the gratuity and they proceeded to stiff the waiter. If I wanted to go to Red Lobster I would have. As a former manager of a restaurant for over 17 years I will never go back to Gallo's. The management does not stand up for their employees. The customer is always right is not always true and in this case it was flat out wrong. The manager had no guts. I suppose they would rather have customers like that instead of long time customers that don't complain because there are few thing to complain about except an inept management team that is clueless as to what it takes to balance a customers complaint and what is true. The customers in question are the reason the gratuity is on the menu to begin with.You know who you are always looking for a reason to run a server and then complain to try to get free stuff and then stiff  the server.  Next time I want seafood I'll go to Kelly's . Shame on you Gallo's.A great place for seafood. Had the fried seafood platter for lunch. My son had a cheddar burger with fries onions. Both were excellent. The fried Gulf shrimp were perfectly brown and cocktail sauce was fresh. Also, I don't usually rave about soft drinks, but their coca cola was sweet and very good. Maybe it's just hot and I was thirsty. Will be back again soon for lunch.So this was our first time at Gallo's in well over 10 years. There isn't much of an option for seafood in the area so our choices were limited. We arrived this evening to a wait, well over 30 minutes.
Once we were sat the server Mike came over and didn't introduce himself, he literally just dropped the bread and walked away. The bread was very good! A few minutes later he came back for a drink order. We had been waiting a while so we knew what we wanted. After 10 minutes or so we finally got our drinks.
I went with the scallops and risotto, the wife went with the salmon.  The salmon was seasoned in an Asian sauce and it was very good. The veggies that accompanied were also good. The scallops were cooked to perfection! But I must say they put way too much lemon butter on them. There was actually to much on the entire dish. The portion size was good. 8 nice size scallops. The risotto was mushroom flavored and had a nice amount of mushrooms and was the perfect consistency. The asparagus was soft but a little too soft. The lemon butter was heavy so it became soggy. 
While the food was good, the service was flat out terrible. The sever was so rude and acted like we didn't exist. When he came to refill drinks not a word was spoken. I would say thanks with no response, he would just look at his other tables. I'm not sure if he was overwhelmed or what. It came to the point we just gave him our card without receiving the bill. Our daughters meal was supposed to come with ice cream and he didn't even mention that. I guess he didn't care. I said thank you have a good night as we were leaving and again nothing. We eat out a lot! I've never had a server treat us this way. Regardless of service we never leave less than 20% tip but he didn't even deserve that. If the service were better we may have come back. Not a chance, I'll spend my money elsewhere. 2 stars for the foodI've been here a few times for special occasion dinners and generally enjoyed the experience, though the food is not extraordinary. They have a wide variety of seafood dishes and a few burger/chicken options, but beyond that the menu is lacking. They have cute bowls of oyster crackers and horseradish on all the tables, which is fun, and I love the soft sesame bread they serve. The dishes are all standard American seafood fare, no unique flavors or combos here. The sides are all simple salads, sauteed veggies, and fries. Well cooked, but bland. I did really enjoy the zucchini on my last visit, it was perfectly done, not mushy at all! The scallops are tender and mild, I would recommend getting them broiled with lemon. The lobster roll is a pretty new menu item, i believe, and comes on a kaiser type bun, not the traditional roll. It comes with slaw and fries, which were thinly cut and well salted, pretty similar to McDonald's - which I intend as a complement! The seafood menu is great, but it they would really have at least one vegetarian option that isn't a side dish.I had my wedding reception here in Jan. The place is beautiful and fit up too 150 + ppl which did not worry me and my husband cause we had a small wedding of 40 people. We did buffet style we got the second to largest package and we added extra food and was under 2000 dollars for everyone a big plus. The food was good. Was upset to know the penne pasta and only vegetarian option I had was not . it had bacon in it which I don't eat and I had a vegetarian there. I was told it was no meat in it and then the day of the chef told me different which made me mad but at least we was told. They catered my event greatly and I never seen a dry  glass or a mess they service was good. Of course my music was a problem but I don't blame them they are not DJ. Everyone here are great and I will come back. The seafood is goodWhat s great restaurant, attending s retirement dinner for a dear cousin there was a choice of chicken, salmon or spaghetti primavera...
 Galllo's staff really
know how to  really work an event...
Our server, Diana, was just great, working at Gallo's for 22 years I am sure she has had both the pleasure and displeasure of serving every type of diner...She was so nice we were friends by the end of the dinner....
Since MDW tries to slide fish into my diet any chance she gets I chose  the chicken entree which was moist and seasoned nicely... I tried the pasta dish which was loaded with veggies and was  tasty as well...The salmon entree that was ordered by the others seated at our table
was nicely presented and well received...
Since Gallo's is well known for their seafood, I plan on stopping back for dinner in the near future to partake in one of their aquatic,  but non fish dishes like their oyster trio, the spaghetti and lobster, or the seared ocean scallops..,Nice decor with a decent amount of space between tables.  
We had three starters:  
1. The fried calamari with cherry peppers was pretty good with most of the calamari tender and not too chewy.  The fried cherry peppers had a decent bite to them without being too hot.  The marinara sauce was bleh.. not much flavor at all.  
2.  The seafood bisque was OK.  There was nothing really wrong with it but it was a bit bland and more like what I would expect from a Philly area diner instead of a seafood restaurant.
3. The coconut shrimp was excellent but what really made it stand out was the orange horseradish dipping sauce.  The initial burn of horseradish quickly faded and left a delicate honey-orange flavor.
We had three entrees:
1. I had the Shrimp Sampler ($20.95) that comes with fried shrimp, shrimp scampi, and baked stuffed shrimp.  It was 2/3rds good. The fried shrimp and the scampi were quite good but the stuffing on the stuffed shrimp was bland and mushy.  It had very little flavor and there was no texture really - it felt pureed.  I paid extra for the asparagus side but wish I hadn't bothered.  They were on the verge of overcooked and mushy and seemed to be completely unseasoned.  
2. Michael had the Fried Flounder - one of the cheapest entrees - and he said it was excellent.  The flounder filet was thick enough and not over breaded.  He had the garlic/herb roasted potatoes as his side and he loved it.
3. Brian had one of the specials... a Wasabi crusted seared tuna filet served over spinach.  Taste wise it was great but he ordered it medium rare and it came closer to medium well.  The spinach under the tuna was a bit bland but did pick up some flavor from the tuna so that helped.  The sauce with this dish was excellent.  It was a soy based sauce with a slightly smokey taste I cannot place. Brian said he would eat it on everything.
Service:
Our server was very friendly and helpful with recommendations but there were several times we were left without beverages as she took away water glasses to refill instead of bringing a pitcher or new glasses.  Normally this is not a problem but both Brian and Michael had periods of 5-10 minutes with their entree in front of them and nothing to drink.The clams and oysters on the half-shell were terrific as always. The fresh fish specials (swordfish when I visited) are prepared well. Fried flounder and scallops are reliable staples, but the deviled clam and crab cake in the fried sampler were mostly filler. 
Friendly and attentive service and reasonable prices, along with the excellent raw shellfish, make this a nice casual meal.Love the fresh seafood. Had a change from our usual meal today. Usually we have the clam chowder which is wonderful and then the fried scallops with roast potatoes and eggplant. My husband wanted fish so he ordered grilled grouper and they put a garlic sauce on it. They used to have trout they was excellent that way we miss that. I had a half dozen raw oysters and the clam chowder. Huge oysters. Never saw them do big. Blue points the waitress said   Delicious.we always go here for fresh seafoodI don't get why this place doesn't have more stars? The food is AMAZING! I've been going here since I was a kid, my parents went here, my grandparents went here.. it's been around for a very long time and they're still thriving. I have tried most things on the menu but the best by far is the honey soy glazed salmon, the best salmon you'll get anywhere! The seafood bisque, crabcakes, mussels, chicken with crab, are also some of my favs.
My bf doesn't eat seafood and is always satisfied as well. Their steak is incredible especially with the blue cheese tooping, yum! They have early dinner specials, lunch specials, and I forget what day, but they have a crab cake take our special where you get a crabcake, fries, and coleslaw for like $11.Been here numerous times.  Food is OK.  Fried food is OK; baked/broiled tends to be overdone.   Veggie sides soft and mushy.  Maybe aimed at the crowd.  Craig N's review from May 2011 nailed it for our family--it's exactly the conversation we have every time GrandMa wants to go--her favorite place, just suck it up and go.What more could anyone want?
Fair prices with consistantly good service, that's my experience.
I go to Gallo's frequently.  Taking guests there all the time.  They will ask, "Can we go to Gallo's again?"  
As for the age of other customers, I could care less.  I'd rather see someone older who is quiet and polite than a crowd of rude, young thugs with their 5 screaming kids.
I go there to enjoy seafood and have a good conversation with friends, not to pick anyone up so the age factor just isn't relevant.Food sucked.  After putting the order in, we waited 45 minutes - and the food was cold and flavorless.  Those crab stuffed shrimp?  I was eating a shrimp donut.  Eww.  The lump crab cake may have been good if it wasn't cold.
Decor was quaint, but even though it was Sunday lunchtime, it was still depressingly dark.
The service sucked.  We waited 10 minutes before they even gave us our place setting.  And then 45 minutes for cold food.  
Their only redeeming grace was they took off half the bill because we weren't happy.  That's the ONLY reason they got the extra star.
I won't be wasting another minute there, though.  I've had better experiences at Red Lobster up the street.  (That's right.  I went to Red Lobster.)  And I can't believe I wasted this much time writing a review on such a poor experience.Fine dining at its best. I had the absolute pleasure of attending a work function at Gallos and i have to say that it was the most exquisite seafood meal that I have ever eaten. The crab cake was crunchy on the outside yet tender and juicy in the center, topped with a spicy mayo that was out of this world. The cake was paired with green beans and potatoes. I didn't think that there would be enough but I was completely satisfied. For dessert I enjoyed a warm apple crisp topped with a scoop of vanilla ice cream that made me want to kiss the cook. The staff was attentive, knowledgeable and very friendly. Because of that experience I purchased from the catering menu for my daughters birthday and again the selections were magnificent. I can't wait for another reason to treat my taste buds to an exhilarating experience. You should do yourself a favor and experience the best.I love this little place in NE Philly. Went here last Friday and had a wonderful dining experience as usual. For me, its all about the food. The food here is always very good. We started with the stuffed mushrooms... I believe the mushrooms used to stuffed with lump crabmeat... now it seems to be blue crab... which is still good but I can tell there is a difference. For an entree I got the shrimp trio with stuffed shrimp, fried and scampi shrimp. For sides I had french fries and cole slaw... the portions are always good and plentiful. I even had a little to take home...  I'll be back for sure. I've never had a bad meal here.I really enjoy coming to gallos. Lobster Bisque is a must and crab cakes are slightly smaller than I would like but delicious. I am usually a fan of mac and cheese but the mac and cheese is always undercooked here so I usually stay away from it. I do like eggplant side. Overall the food is on point, the service is a hit or miss. Sometimes it's amazing, sometimes it can be pretty poor. I would give 5 stars if not for mac and cheese and occasionally poor service.Excellent food.  Excellent service.  I'm surprised the reviews are so low.  
Lump crab cakes here are my favorite...fresh crab not canned.  My date had the fried scallops, also delicious.  Fried eggplant, fresh asparagus and mac/cheese for sides...all soooo good!  Oh and we started with a cup of manhattan clam chowder...divine.  To be honest, nothing could have been better...  i have been here many times and the food and service has consistently been on point!My mother in law had her retirement party here in their party room I guess it was. The wait staff was courteous and on point. The food was delicious. I had the chicken parmigiana. They kept bringing out fresh drinks and we never felt rushed. It is a little pricey especially if you want to reserve that room. It was $50 a plate for adults and $25 a plate for children. Other than the price it was perfect. You get what you pay for though. Well most of the time.Excellent meal good service
Throughly enjoyed seafood bisque
Roasted flounder 
Coconut shrimp
Wife loved the crab cake
ThanksThe renovations look fantastic, but unfortunately their food still isn't very good. 
I had chicken parm and it tasted like it had been drowned in butter before being covered in cheese. Yick! The seafood bisque wasn't terrible, but my stomach hurt a little after eating that. 
I do want to check out the Burger Bar though- I hear that's pretty nice.I am really sliding between 2 and 3 stars for this place. I am going with 2 because I gained 1 whole pound over the weekend just from eating this dish over 2 days. The penne special literally drowned in butter, it washed away all of the other flavors such as: crab, asparagus and sun dried tomato. 
This place caters to Blue Hairs and Chubbos. I ate an appetizer at the bar once with a cocktail and really enjoyed the place. I guess it depends on what you order and what you are going there for. 
Think glorified Red Lobster.We go here atleast once a year for lent because it is the best local seafood I've ever had. A bit pricey but never left dissapointed.  
We also go to the burger bar often. The seafood tacos are delicious and I've never had a bad burger either. They give a generous portion of fries you can easily split between 2-4 people. Always good service also.I was here for the third time the weekend before last and had another great meal. We took my aunt who is 95 yrs old here since it is her favorite restaurant. There were 6 of us and several of us had the broiled seafood combo which was very filling. We also had the lobster bisque soup which was really good. I had a slice of cheesecake for dessert which was out of this world. Its creamy and light, not heavy...to die for!!!
The staff is always super nice and friendly. The value for the money is fabulous. 
This place is 5 stars all the way. Highly recommended.Crab stuffed shrimp... Bangin
This is a good place to come to in northeast philadelphia for some good seafood or a good filet .The restaurant is very clean and waiters are very nice people.They have a pretty nice bar where you can get just about anything you would want. It is always filled with lots of old people who seem to complain about everything so your better off going later in the evening.I only come here when I take my Grandmother out.  If she likes it, then I'll suck it up, no biggy.  There is no reason for anyone under 65 years of age to be eating here, period.  
I picture purgatory looking like this place, kind of a " heaven's waiting room"I have been to couple of family functions there and was there last night for a party.  The food is good but the service staff is what makes the place.  Everyone is nice and very accommodating.Really fresh seafood...great taste. I had a great time at Gallo's...my waitress was very friendly and attentive..service and food are on point.Prior to attending a special work event here I had never heard of Gallo's. The service was attentive and the crab cakes divine. Before I left I was already planning my next visit.I can say that I've visited this restaurant and Im always satisfied..the seafood combination 
 over green salad is too die for..everything is good even the drinks...this is my favorite restaurantThis is a fantastic restaurant. The atmosphere is very nice and the service and food are even better. I had the fried gulf shrimp and my wife had the chicken marsala. Both were very good. We highly recommend having lunch or dinner here. Trying the burger bar next.I'm surprised this place didn't have better reviews. Every time I've been there, most of the time with my dad because he loves it, everything has been great. Food, waitstaff,ambiance- just entire experience. It's not cheap but the food is worth it, it's quality.I really like the scallops and their raw bar is always stocked with fresh goodies. Its a old school seafood place and true seafood buffs can really appreciate that from time to time. You wont get anything to bold or exciting here but what you will get are classics that are nicely done and a staff that works hard to provide a good experience.The place has new owners but nothing has changed. They have kept the same delicious menu with an excellent wait staff. Nothing but positive vibes from this restaurant.Went here on this past Saturday with my wife and had a perfect dinner the food was excellent as was the service, yes the decor is outdated and the customers are up in age but everyone deserves a nice place to go out and eat, I agree it's not the most romantic place....but for all those bad reviewer's my advice to you is stay in the city and let these nice people have there Gem of a Restaurant to themselves......Food was great, especially considering it was part of the early-bird special. The caesar salad was lacking. And the desert menu was pretty short. I had the mussels with pasta, in a white sauce. It was actually pretty good, and was served in a huge portion.The grilled seafood salad is awesome, its actually the only thing I've ordered, but at $16.00 or more, I just make my own. And yes its a senior haven!We had a family dinner there,six + people on 9-28-13. I had never eaten there , some family had ,and it is convenient for most .
Our waitress , Heather was  pleasant ,but not attentive. They auto tip larger parties15% so we did not get much service. We had to ask for more water,bread napkins etc.etc etc.
I ordered a cocktail,passable,they got the bitters correct,the second one was mostly water.I think I got the backwash from another drink,pretty bad.
Salads fresh and crispy,and soups good. 
Entrees , well,6 of the 8 arrived with wrong or NO vegetables,had to ask the waitress to make some effort to sort this out. When they finally arrived they were good. Roasted potatoes, broccoli ,and asparagus were fine.
However the entrees,4 of 8 were small and not well prepared. I had crab imperial,
$23, for what looked like an appetizer serving. Fried oysters, bland,small , and too doughy,the seafood broiled, just OK and so it goes on and on.
I ordered a decaff,but got regular,so I stayed awake and thought about all the better places we could have gone!
My recommendation don't go to this place. I am not a fan of chain restaurants ,but have had better seafood,drinks and service at the Red Lobster.I've been here several times - maybe 4 to 5 time in a year and I'm never disappointed. The food is consistantly good. I'm partial to their Seafood Salad. And the service is as good as it is anywhere. I'm puzzled by complaints about that. The servers know what they're serving, can speak intellegently about it, and are attentive enough without being overbearing. And the prices were totally acceptable.AND I'm gluten intolerant also and sure, the wait staff isn't thoroughly versed in ordering GF but it's overall uncommon to find a place that is. Gallo's was very accomodating to my needs.