I like the food here better now that it changed from Lo Spiedo to Bar Amis,but still there are some adjustmennts that need to be made. I ordered a peach panacotta calzone and the bartender told me it was very large. The description of the dessert made it sound like there would be peaches and some sweet cheese inside some sort of pastry. That sounded delicious!  But instead what I got was all pastry and a tiny little piece of peach inside maybe the size of a dime. That one bite that had it tasted good but the rest was dry pastry with powdered sugar. This is not what one would expect when paying $9 for a dessert! When I told the bartender there were no peaches, he should've tried to rectify the situation by bringing something to make it better or taking the overpriced and underwhelming dessert off my bill. That would be good customer service and would be highly appreciated. It's these little things that make a person want to come back instead of picking another place nearby. I'm not saying I'll never come back but I will always consider other venues first, especially when I may want a dessert.Went here with 7 coworkers and we all had a wonderful meal.  
I had their Beet and Arugula salad with bacon and chicken.  
Would totally come here again.  Even though we sat inside and upstairs, they have a really nice outside area.Stopped here for some finger food and small entree.  The bar recently was changed from lo spiedos .  I came in to find limited indoor seating but ample outside seating. We sat outside service was prompt but we weren't either with ordering. After a drink order of Sicilian lemonade and a Amis cocktail. We ordered the baked cauliflower, calamari, and octopus entree.  The calico wee cheese was cold but still good. The calamari side sauce sucked. It was stewed tomatoes. I feel always better with spicy or Asian theme sauce.  The octopus was great. Seared with mixed olives. Very tasty.!!! Service was good and efficient.  We briefly had the outside to ourselves.  I'd recommend for quick drink outside with nice scenery and quick bite to eatWas with a friend on Friday and there were surprisingly not many people there at all. My experience here last year was sub-par, but this time it was better. I got a Sicilian Lemonade and a cheeseburger. I guess a cheeseburger is hard to mess up. I didn't really like all the seeds on the bun, but I just didn't eat the bun. The Lemonade was average. I would try the Alto next time. Given that there were not many people there, I did expect the waitress to be more attentive(forgot the bacon on the cheeseburger and lemon for water) but wasn't that big of an issue. May come here again for lunch or happy hour, but not likely for dinner.Really good, fancier, healthy bar/restaurant. It has a nice industrial feel, with a really cute large outdoor patio outside. We sat upstairs which is big and open. There were quite a few older business type people from navy yard and the sports complex, as well as young professionals. All the food was seriously delicious, there is a large salad section, sandwiches and entrees. The salads are all unique and seasonal. I really loved the peach and tomato salad, as well as the fig appetizer toast. Oo the froze is also a must if you like wine and frozen margaritas! Finally for dessert we tried 3 of the 4 options. My favorite was definitely the rice pudding which definitely tasted like it had condensed milk (aka the best milk). Others liked the little fried dough with Nutella dip. The s'mores sundae was ok. Overall it was a really nice experience, especially for large groups so definitely recommend!Everything was great.  Had a side of Brussels Sprouts, Shrimp Nachos, and Cheeseburger.  All delicious.  Bourbon Smash was perfect as well!  I'll be back for sure!This place is great! Love the outdoor space. Good notes and drinks. The loaded nachos was a huge portion. The calamari was ok - could use a little kick. Eggplant bruschetta was good.It's opening night - my friend and I came here for happy hour. We got out wings and there was a hair. 
I get it. It happens sometimes. The waiter comes over and I tell him. My friend had taken *one bite* out of a wing when we found it. 
His response: "oh...so now you don't want any of them...?" 
Never. Coming. Here. Again.I ordered the steak nachos- they came cold. Cheese was cold, meat was cold, chips were cold. I was starving so I ate it anyway. Giving it another shot this weekend. I will say the wings were awesome!  
Returned a month later- I still don't care for the nachos, but the meatball sandwich is delicious! I've had that twice since my first review and it is consistently good.  Wings are always delicious.  The other dishes We've had were ok, so I'll adjust my review to 3 stars.I ordered the steak nachos- they came cold. Cheese was cold, meat was cold, chips were cold. I was starving so I ate it anyway. Giving it another shot this weekend. I will say the wings were awesome!
We did return, and I had the meatball sandwich which was delicious. Great meatballs on the perfect crusty bread. Wings were great again.  I'm changing my review to 3 stars and will revisit. The frozen sangria was very good also. When Bar Amis was Lo Spiedo we visited frequently. Great location, hoping for a more varied menu.Great outdoor seating and indoor atmosphere. I ordered the wings as an appetizer- a must if you go. In addition our table ordered the brussel sprouts which came out crispy and seasoned nicely. Entree I ordered the grilled octopus with olives and was extremely satisfied. I recommend anyone who visited early on to revisit!Pretty good place, a bit loud to have a conversation over dinner. Food was ok, small portions pretty steep price. Calamari way too greasy, quinoa salad sold as an entree should be a side salad.Having enjoyed visits to Lo Spiedo in the past, we decided to try Bar Amis. Unfortunately, the new incarnation does not match its predecessor in terms of food quality, drinks, or service. Going to a Vetri restaurant once was a near guarantee of a good dining experience. Sadly that is no longer the case, but Bar Amis falls well below even Vetri's current norm.
We sat outside to enjoy the weather, avoid the TV in the dining room, and experience the ambiance of the  old Navy Yard. Ordered a round of gin and tonics to start. It is tough to serve a bad GT, but Bar Amis succeeded. The drinks were nearly tasteless. We suspected that soda water was used instead of tonic water. The gin was unidentifiable by taste -- clearly not a gin and tonic mainstay like Tanqueray or Beefeaters nor any of the better labels. Actually,  it might as well have been vodka, so muted was the flavor.  Even the lime which was a dessicated ("preserved") hard little brown ring failed to impart any taste to the drink.
The food was passable, but nothing special. The octopus was a tentacle, nicely grilled and tender, but bland and tasteless.  The pork chop, which was described by our server as the chef's signature dish, was passable, but nothing special. The best entree we had was a a pasta -- buccatini with almonds and peppers.
The waiter was adequate, but less attentive than we would have liked. When our dinners came we had hoped to be offered wine, but with the server missing in action we had to ask the busser  to find him. He offered a house sauvignon blanc, and when asked what it was (meaning the label, not the color) he replied that it was a white wine, "like pinot grigio." When I questioned that comparison, he insisted that "the finish is the same."  
Craig LeBan said that Bar Amis is trying to cultivate an evening business,  attracting people from Center City, after the Navy Yard employees finish their lunch, happy hour, and go home. With all the better choices available to them, I suspect that few will want to make the trip down broad street for Bar Amis.Discovered this place on our way to the Eagles game. It is tucked away in the Philadelphia Navy Yard. We stopped in after the game ( Eagles won; Go Birds!) and had a fabulous dining experience. Food and service were beyond excellent! Unique cocktails, excellent wine selection, craft beers. Menu was varied- small plates, salads, entrees, etc. Many good choices; but I am a vegan and I asked them about accommodating my diet and they said no problem. There were many dishes they could alter. I chose their specialty pasta, a pasta which had an almond pesto sauce and they made vegan for me. My husband had their grilled salmon. We got their Brussels sprouts and they made me their cauliflower, which is normally served au gratin, but they made vegan. We both really enjoyed our meals and the service was exceptional . Hope to return soon!Went to Amis in the Navy Yard for the first time. Around 6 pm but not crowded or noisy. My friend Anne and I chose to sit indoors with a nice view of the ships nearby.
Started with drinks at the bar while we waited for a table upstairs. Bloody Mary for Anne, double Grey Goose for me.
Sat upstairs after a short wait. Our server's name was Charlotte. Very pleasant, very professional but easy-going. Anne and I just ordered two apps and two entrees. We shared the wings with the calabrian chili sauce (spicy but no heat) and the ricotta & fig jam bruschetta. We tore through the apps and the entrees arrived in good time when we were finishing the apps. For the main course Anne had the rigatoni Bolognese and I opted for the everything burger. Cheeseburger with bacon, avocados, and a fried egg. I tore that up. Fries were fresh and perfectly seasoned. Anne loved that the Bolognese sauce was flavorful but not heavy. We enjoyed our selections throughly.
Charlotte enquired about dessert but there was no room. We opted to pay up and browse the Yard looking at the scenery.
Ami's was not loud, there was good spacing between tables, and the music accompanied the meal rather than stomping all over it. Good views from upstairs and from the outdoor seating.
One apology. I forgot to include pictures of the interior and of the food. Next trip,which will be soon. Bar Ami's is not trying to be trendy or pricey. They just provide got food and drinks in a nice laid back atmosphere that makes you want to stay a while.Lone salesman looking to eat. Sat at the bar was served promptly, beer was cold and fairly priced.
Ordered the salmon, which can be risky-usually comes out dry. Bar Amis cooked it perfectly. Well done!I wish I could give this place zero stars. Customer service was awful. Overpriced. Food was gross and not described accurately. Never again. I miss Los SpeidosLoved the atmosphere. I have never been to the Navy Yard area and liked it a lot. I have eaten at Amis in Center City a while ago and loved the menu and went back once more after that time. This was my first time at Bar Amis and was not satisfied with the quality of the food. I thought it would be the same as the other location. I ordered the Ribeye, Polenta and mushroom dish. The ribeye seemed to be undercooked from what I had ordered and the polenta cubes were plain. The dish overall was plain and if I were to return would possibly order a safer item than try something new.Sat at the bar on a Saturday night. Wasn't very busy. Service was great and bartenders recommendations were good. Had a small salad, Parmesan pork chop and a house vodka tonic. Everything was good with good recommendations. The bar has a few tv's to watch games and menu has a nice assortment of various types of items. I'd recommend and would definitely eat there again.Ate here before a Sixer's game.  Sat outside on their patio.  Food and atmosphere were great.  Would definitely go back.Stopped here for some finger food and small entree.  The bar recently was changed from lo spiedos .  I came in to find limited indoor seating but ample outside seating. We sat outside service was prompt but we weren't either with ordering. After a drink order of Sicilian lemonade and a Amis cocktail. We ordered the baked cauliflower, calamari, and octopus entree.  The calico wee cheese was cold but still good. The calamari side sauce sucked. It was stewed tomatoes. I feel always better with spicy or Asian theme sauce.  The octopus was great. Seared with mixed olives. Very tasty.!!! Service was good and efficient.  We briefly had the outside to ourselves.  I'd recommend for quick drink outside with nice scenery and quick bite to eatThe menu was extremely limited. Only small plate apps, a few sandwiches and four entrees offered. They had no specials, even tho the menu says check our board for specials. Online menu had many more items so this was disappointing. Choices were  steak, chicken parmesan, rigatoni bolognese and some pesto pasta dish. I had the rigatoni which was hard and had barely any meat on it. Definitely not a good bolognese sauce. My husband got the chicken which was dry and over fried.   Apps were ok tho. The cheese and fig bruschetta was the best thing we had. Place was empty by 830 on a Saturday night and I can understand why. Wouldn't go back.Love the bartender ! Food is amazing ! The wine slushee is a must try! Wings are the best in the city!Bring back Lo Spidedos!!!!!! I'm don't like this restaurant at all !!! They say the have an happy hour but don't expect happy hour prices ! Oh and I order "fried cauliflower" and they brought me roasted cauliflower with cheese on type. When I asked the "super friendly" waiter he said oh yea out menu has a typo ! I won't be backMeh. 
I always drive by this place and it looks full of energy...like it's the place to be. We came on a Friday night for dinner.  It was underwhelming. 
It seems like they get a great happy hour crowd which I'm sure is convenient for people working at the Navy Yard. I wouldn't go out of my way to come here and I wouldn't recommend it unless you work at the Navy Yard and are already basically there. 
Parking on the premises is limited but you can find parking close by as long as you are ok with walking which is always fine with me. 
If I could describe my server in one word it would be: annoying. She was one of those servers that asked how everything tasted before you even tried it. The kind that tried to take your plate away the SECOND you put your fork down even if you weren't actually finished. I asked her a few questions that she didn't know the answers to. She told me she would find out and let me know. She returned and asked if we were ready to order. I asked if she found out the answer to my question about an ingredient in a panini. She said no and had to go and come back again. I asked her what she recommended for vegetarians and she pointed out that the V signifies the vegetarian dishes. Understood. I wasn't having trouble finding the vegetarian selections, I was asking for recommendations. Anyway, the service was not great. The one thing my Dad was quite happy with was that she kept our water glasses full the whole time without being asked. Half of us were drinking sparkling water and the other half were drinking still water. 
The calamari wasn't good. Every time I tried to dip it in the sauce all of the breading fell off. It was mushy instead of crispy and the flavor just wasn't good. 
My family seemed to enjoy the wings. They had a lot of Asian flavors. The polenta bites were ok but nothing exciting. The grilled avocado was alright. It tasted smoky. I feel like people always burn the bread when they try to serve something like this. 
The pasta looked pretty boring...something I could whip up myself in 15 minutes. Just cheese and crushed red pepper. Pretty uninspired. 
The mushroom panini was quite delicious. It was served with fries or a salad. The mushrooms themselves seemed almost puréed. There weren't big chunks of mushrooms. This was the best part of the meal. Their fries came with ketchup and mayo in the same ramekin. I don't understand why they didn't mention this on the menu. I have no desire to have mayo near my ketchup. I obviously just didn't use it but it's a waste. 
Their dessert choices are extremely limited and nothing sounded all that enticing so none of us ordered dessert and we typically get at least 3 desserts. 
Their menu was not very exciting. There's not a single other thing on the menu that I would want to try. I would eat the mushroom panini again. The rest of my family agreed that there weren't a lot of exciting choices and they wouldn't be dying to return to try anything else. Their menu also isn't descriptive enough. It doesn't really give you details of the ingredients in the menu items or how they are prepared. I think their should be a bit more information being offered so you know without asking. 
The atmosphere upstairs was pretty drab. I was really only looking at the walls behind everyone. There wasn't much ambiance. The downstairs was a lot more inviting. 
I'll end like I began. Meh. I wouldn't have the desire to return nor the need to recommend based on my experience.Great place to stop on the way to the ball game excellent food I had the lemon chicken my son had a hamburger and my husband had the Pork chop. We had to smoke mozzarella for appetizer it was excellent.I was very concerned about the recent poor reviews to my favorite stadium area restaurant. I've been to the new Bar Amis twice in the last two weeks and the poor ratings do not do it justice. 
For those who have never been, here's the scoop. Instead of paying $30-$40 to park in the stadiums, and eating frozen cheeseburgers or fried wings for $15/ea come to the Navy Yard. Park for free. Eat amazing smoked chicken wings ($5 at happy hour), spicy "sliders" that are the size of a small sandwich for $3/ea. The octopus plate ($22) is perfectly charred and delicious. 
The restaurant has a casual but cool interior. There's often a large afterwork crowd as well as jersey wearing customers eating before a game. 
Don't waste your money across the street. Eat well, park free and walk a few extra yards and you will be rewarded.Unimpressed in every way. Cauliflower came out cold in the middle, my vegetable salad had frozen undercooked shrimp on it, my sister's salad came with the wrong meat and they served it on a. Side plate later. Brussel sprouts were good but who can't do Brussels sprouts these days! The waiter was the only pleasant part of this visit.We were very disappointed to see the pork chop parm taken off the menu but still had a good meal. Pecorino and honey was a good start to the meal and they give you a lot of fried calamari. The wait staff was greatAmazing dinner with friends. Very underated restaurant. It's just as as good as Amis Trattoria, just more reasonablely priced.Our food was pretty good and the bartender was friendly and attentive. We had the mozzarella sticks and ended up getting the bbq popcorn also, both were delicious.Not a great experience. Very slow night but food came out cold and very pricey. Waiter had no personality and never came over to ask how the meal was. Stood talking to a coworker for 15 minutes while we waited. On my never go again list.Nice spot for dinner before a concert at Citizens Bank Park. Located in the Navy Yard, it's just a short drive to the stadium complex. Menu wasn't overwhelming and had something for everyone at the table. Outdoor seating was nice too. Wait staff was attentive and helpful. We will return again.Great little place that you would never know is here... Nice Beer selection! Really nice menu & Very Good Calamari with TENTACLES!  Just ask them to pull it early so that the squid IS NOT OVER COOKED.  Only thing that could make the calamari BETTER is sliced Fried Jalapeño to kick it up!Perfect place for food and drinks before a game. Cool vibe inside, food and drinks were all great. Will be back.This was a lot better than I expected. Really 3.5 starts. Beer menu was VG and being a nice evening was able to sit outside. Wings were above average as was the chicken parm. For a pregame meal it's worth the tripStaff was great. Friendly and efficient. Setting can't be beat, especially on the patio at sunset. 
Stopped in for happy hour before a Flyers game. Sat at the bar and ordered some apps, roasted cauliflower with a cheese sauce was a hit - cooked perfectly. The crispy brussels sprouts with lemon was a little over done, almost burnt, but flavorful. The wings are always a hit. The fries are crispy and delicious. The "hoagie toast" is just a hoagie dip with some toasted baguette slices. You get three slices with the order, but they gave us extra without us having to ask. Since they have shrimp toast on the menu I thought it would be something more along those lines rather than a dip. It was OK, but I have had better at baby showers. Would surely go back. Ample parking day and night.Tried this spot for a birthday dinner this weekend. I thought it would be nice to be away from the crowds in center city and enjoy outside dining near the water. (FYI- I was mistaken about the "near the water" part. It isn't. Unless you walk to the water after dining.)
The restaurant is located very near the Navy Yard entrance. Lots of tables outside. The inside of the restaurant is really nothing spectacular. Bar stools and tables..with not much ambiance. We arrived early on a Saturday night for fear of crowds and wait for a table. We had our pick of seating, but I think that would have been the case no matter what time we arrived. 
I really enjoy Amis in center city so I was ready for the same. I am dissapointed to report, it really doesn't deliver like the restaurant downtown. 
We ordered for starters:
Ricotta and fig jam toast- It delivered but it was ricotta and fig jam on toast. Nothing special.
Fried cauliflour with herbs- Tasted just as described with nothing more or nothing less.
Bucatini with almonds and pepper-One of the tastiest and well prepared dishes of the evening. The pasta was delicious and the flavors were great.
Quinoa salad with arugula, red onion and pecans-Really delicious with great texture.
Dinner:
Grilled octopus with olives- The octopus was grilled just right. I think the plate could have used more olives. I had about four strewn around and main dishes are exempt from any sides which can be ordered separately. The flavor for the octopus was also good but again, there was really no "wow" factor.
Pork chop parmesean- My friend was unaware the pork chop would be breaded so she was a bit disappointed. She said the flavor was good, however.
Lemon chicken with bitter greens- My friend said the chicken was good, cooked really well and had nice flavor.
We also ordered a couple of sides of the heirloom tomato salad. I really love tomatoes especially heirloom. These tomatoes were a bit watery and the salad lacked. 
Their dessert menu is limited with no chocolate options. We ordered the rice pudding which was good and the Amis sundae with arrope and spiced almonds which was good too. 
The cocktails were good. Well balanced and a nice variety. We were excited about the frozen drink machine and that was fun but after the first frozen drink we started drinking bourban cocktails...but that would have been the case anywhere. 
I won't be back here. If I worked in the Navy Yard I would definitley dine here but in my opinion, this is not a destination restaurant. The food is just okay and the atmosphere is just okay too.We visited this place before a concert at the Wells Fargo Center. It is a short walk away. Everything about it gets the thumbs up. The food was delicious, the cocktails spirited. Service was quick and very friendly. They may tell you they have no seating available inside when you call  but always check when you get there. The seating outside was just as comfortable and perfect in summer. Prices were reasonable too. Will definitely go back next time.I echo another guest's observation. Consistently poor service. The food is actually well prepared and fresh! Unfortunately the staff is full of individuals who would rather be elsewhere. Thank you for the countless meals I have had at your establishment due to the convenience of location. I will make the extra effort to patron an establishment that understands the value of customer service.A lovely place for an impromptu date night!  Cute little patio that's perfect for a drink with view. 
This place is in the Navy Yard so it's a bit out of the way and quieter, but ample free parking! 
The grilled avocado app with toasted bread was everything.  The frosé was delish.  
For dinner, I had the tonnarelli cacio e pepe. It's an egg pasta, thin noodle with a butter parm topping, sort of like a light sauce, and big chunks of black
peppercorns. Terrible for me, but oh so good! First time having this dish, and it seemed very authentic.  Perfect portion size too.
Hubby got chicken parm. It was a huge, huge piece that looked very fried; they def didn't pound it thin He said flavor was great, but was disappointed it didn't come with any pasta underneath or on the side.I really don't know why this place only received 3 1/2 stars. We had a very good experience here. The service was great and the word teamwork is in their vocabulary. We were always well taken care of. 
Now onto the delicious food....
We ordered the Chicken Parmigiana with fresh mozzarella and basil and the Braised Sirloin Tips with creamy Gorgonzola Polenta, charred honey-glazed carrots, and gremolata. 
My Sirloin was more like a roast...I didn't even need a knife. This Sirloin was so good. I ate every single lick off of that plate. No joke. I highly recommend getting this if you want a hearty meal. 
I had a few bites of the Chicken Parm that my boyfriend had. It was good, but mine was better :) The portions weren't huge like some restaurants like to serve, so we didn't roll out of there and still had room for dessert. 
Speaking of dessert...hello S'mores Sundae!!!! Order it...you won't be disappointed...because who doesn't like hot fudge, Brûléed marshmallow and graham crackers with ice cream?!?! 
Downstairs has a cool bar area with good size TVs and a good selection of beers on tap. I do like that the dining area seems separate from the bar by having to go upstairs. I'm giving this 5 stars because not only was the food great, but also the teamwork displayed by the employees and friendliness.Great food and great service.   We loved sitting outside with a view of the water.   They even gave my daughter a candle in her sundae.This is my favorite place for a pre game bite and a couple drinks.  Went there Tuesday around 5:30 and the place was packed, but we found two seats by the bar.  I don't recall the bartender's name, but despite being solo, this dude hustled and provided great service.  We had the wings which were meaty with a nice seasoning.  Also had the calamari which was tender and perfectly cooked.  Finally, we split a Caesar salad with shrimp.  There were just four shrimp, but they were large and tender and a nice addition to the leafy romaine.  There is a good selection of canned  and bottled beer and a few drafts.Visited Bar Amis again last evening before a Sixers game. We have now enjoyed several wonderful experiences at this restaurant over the last 5 weeks. The place is staffed by some wonderful people. We decided to sit at the bar this time and enjoyed the company of Anwar, our bartender and server. Super nice guy that was friendly and very attentive. We were also greeted with the big smiles and positive energy of Marina, the manager. The pork sandwich was absolutely amazing. Don't miss a chance to visit this place the next time you are in South Philadelphia.Stopped in for a late lunch. This place seems more like a mass drinking spot than a restaurant. Can't really say the meatball sandwich was good, I was expecting better from a Philly joint. They do have Kambucha on tap.What a sad decline from a week ago when it was Lo Spiedo. No lunch specials. The perfect wings changed. No ranch. No BBQ sauce. The prices are no longer reasonable for an average working person's lunch. We used to have company happy hours and dinners here but will now look elsewhere so as to avoid spending a fortune. And I guess we're all going back to Mercer Cafe and the Urban Cafeteria for lunches moving forward. Such a shame, as we Navy Yard employees are so limited on options. This is not one any longer.Good food, nice atmosphere adjacent to stadiums. Part of the Vetri family of restaurants, Bar Amis is easily accessible. A stand alone restaurant in the Navy yard. 
Come before Villanova Basketball or a concert....good to have reservations but this is still a relatively unknown spot place. 
Rigatoni is fantastic. So are basic sandwiches like chicken salad. 
With drinks. +\- $35 head.Just an average place.  Food was pretty good but portions are tiny and prices are to high for what you get.  Menu is on the smaller size with not many choices and pretty much no kids menu so if you have small kids then I would not recommend this place.I've visited Bar Amis several times over the past few years. I personally love it during the summer because of the patio, it's also great during the winter. Located right in the Navy Yard, the location makes it desirable for those who work nearby as well as those attending a sporting event (just a few blocks away). Although there's a small lot that fits a few cars, there's plenty of free parking on the side streets. 
Most times I've visited, I've had large groups. I made reservations on Open Table beforehand, which is a great way to guarantee there are enough seats. They also host holiday parties, where you can rent out the small private area, or the larger part of the upstairs, depending on your party size. 
They have a decent happy hour, usually very crowded, that includes a few small snacks, a few dollars of draft beers and savings on glasses of wine. They have a pretty decent beer list and have recently started incorporating more ciders. The food is okay, I've never had a bad meal, but nothing seems to have stood out. During my latest visit, I shared the tzatziki hummus and roast pork sandwich with a friend of mine. The hummus was well-seasoned and served with vegetables. The pork sandwich was good with provolone cheese on it. It comes with either a salad or chips; you can get fries, but that's an additional charge. 
Just an  FYI, they don't typically give separate checks for larger groups nor add a tip when the party is larger than 6. 
Personally, I like that Bar Amis because it is located nearby to work. It makes it convenient to grab a bite or drink. If you want a spot with a decent happy hour, stop by Bar Amis in the Navy Yard.Came here for lunch. I had the tuna salad sandwich and salad. My food was tasty. Service was prompt and efficient.  They also have a great outdoor space. When in the area, check it out! Great addition to the Navy Yard area.Awesome food, but the bartenders are moody and come off as pretentious. Don't sit at the bar unless you want attitude. Go sit by the end of the bar and you can hear all the other servers talk about the customers.Consistently poor service and adequate food and drink menu.  Unfortunate that this is the only place to get a drink after work in the Navy Yard. Servers are rude and not accommodating. When my party asked for a glass of water with their drinks the server pointed towards some empty glasses at another table insinuating that we should pour ourselves a glass. When none of us moved to get the glasses the server reluctantly and aggressively poured out some water for the table. 
Also, I was overcharged for two glasses of wine during happy hour. Happy hour is clearly marked from 5pm to 7pm on their website and in the bar. I was charged full price for my happy hour wine special. I did not want to openly dispute this with the bar tender as I was with a group of colleagues and friends. As I was leaving I was called out in front of the entire bar for not tipping. As a server for many years I expect a certain level of expertise and respect from the wait staff. This was not only uncalled for but incredibly rude and disrespectful. Hopefully bar amis can turn it around and show up for their incredibly hard working neighbors.The meatball sandwich is not good at all. It had no flavor, the balls, sauce or bread. I'm surprised the bread was so bland, Italian places I've visited have always  great ones. The chips were nothing to write home about either. Disappointed with this although I'd come back to try their main Italian dishes.We ordered the sweet corn and scallion pizza, mahi bowl, and green goddess tuna melt. everything was great and is a great replacement from the old restaurant that used to be here. Mahi bowl was a bit pricier with a smaller portion.I've wanted to stop by this location for quite awhile to have their Cacio e Pepe which is a simple pasta dish of cheese and pepper, but if done properly has lots of flavor.  On their menu it appears as TONNARELLI "CACIO E PEPE".  The parking lot was full, but street parking was available.  The bar area downstairs was pretty empty, I was seated at a table in the crowded upstairs area.  
The atmosphere itself was ok.  The inside is an obvious retrofit of an old Navy Yard building.  The bathrooms were very clean and nicely put together.  The table arrangements had most tables in a main area with a smaller seating area that looked like a glassed off "event" area.  The lunch crowd was mainly business folk and most of them were there when I arrived and still there after my meal.  "Work meetings" :)  The bar area downstairs seems nice with tables scattered in an area opposite the bar.  Exposed ceiling, stone and cinder block walls gave you an idea of the buildings construction.
The menu had a nice balance of offerings, mostly simple standards with a twist.  The service was prompt and my food came out quickly despite how crowded the room was.  (Looked like most people either already ate their lunch or were working on their liquid diet!)  The Cacio e Pepe came out great.  The dish had a great balance of creamy cheese with a sharp flavor and a perfect black peppercorn bite.  The Tonnarelli pasta was al dente and your teeth cut right through it.  On first look the dish didn't seem like a big one, but the bowl was pretty deep.  A very filling dish, but each bite was equal parts sharp pecorino cheese and spicy black peppercorns.  The taplist although small, had a nice craft IPA that went nicely with my meal.  
If I was in the area for a game or a work lunch I would frequent here, but there are better options in South Philly.  Having said that it is a close Cacio E Pepe getaway from the office so I'll return!This is one of the only eateries in the Navy Yard, and through virtue of continued existence, manages to be one of the best places in the area to grab a team lunch. Burgers are good, and service is existent. Way better than eating out of a vending machine.
Before their name change, they also had a superb selection of bourbon. Definitely check that out if you're a fan. Their Cheesesteak special is one of their most mouthwatering dishes here. Definitely not a healthy choice, but you'll be happy you picked it.Nice little bar at the Navy Yard. Closes kind of early for obvious reasons. It's definitely worth a stop by for a drink and a small bite.Great spot for happy hour or a quick dinner in the Navy Yard area. Plenty of locals were hanging out. The happy hour deals and drink options were satisfying. The prosciutto, fig and cheese salad was heavenly!Apparently this is the renovated Lo Spiedo. My impression based on one delivery through Caviar: presentation and packing fine or above average. Food pretty mediocre.I highly suggest their fried chicken wings, which served with blue cheese dip! In addition to that, I recommend any of their finger food meus because of the price (only during the happy hour). 
Their pizza dish was okay, not too outstanding. Their pizzas were too bready & thick to me since I personally prefer thin crust pizza. 
I probably will only come here during the happy hour or just for their fried chicken wings (take-out) when I'm nearby navy yard.Before I had come here for dinner, I thought it seemed like a really cool spot! Always seems to have lots of people standing outside socializing and having drinks!
I went to dinner here with some coworkers- it was a large group. The service was ok- we definitely could have been paid more attention to but we were talking a lot so that could have been the reason. Anyways the food came out and was really nothing to ride home about. I ordered the salmon which I was super excited about but I was actually hungry when I left. I don't even know everything that was in it but it was not good... maybe I just have to order something else... but definitely don't have the salmon!!Out to celebrate a birthday. Wanted a place in the city with free parking, so Bar Amis was a perfect choice. 
Went on a Friday night of a short work week (because of a mid-week holiday) and nothing at the stadium, so the place was empty. Only a handful people at the bar and only 3 tables of diners. That might have been a clue that this restaurant isn't popular for a reason. 
The service was great.  Very attentive and pleasant. 
The restaurant is beautiful. The tile floor l in the downstairs bar, the local art, the tastefully done interior design, combining the old navy yard building features with new hip feel. The light strands, the view of an old ship, the exposed concrete. A cool feel.
A place for "hip foodies" only. The menu is not picky-eater or kids-menu friendly. Should have done my research before going. 
Fresh ingredients with very unique combinations. Just seems like the chef may be trying to hard, after all it's really a fancy bar in South Philly. 
We all chose a pasta dish.  The rigatoni bolognese was okay. The Alfredo-like pasta was tasty but a little dry - although loved the black pepper in it. 
The chicken Parm was disappointing. The breading was too much and weirdly flavored (one of our diners said it reminded him of a corn dog). The chicken was wonderfully tender, however the tomatoes and fresh mozzarella on top were NOT baked/broiled. The mozzarella and tomatoes were served COLD on top of the warm chicken. Just too weird for our liking. Plus the side pasta was $10 more.  Way extreme for what we received. 
We split a caramel apple ice cream dessert which was both pretty and tasty.  The restaurant did not comp the birthday girl's dessert. 
Next time, we'd probably only come back for a happy hour and drinks because the bar is in a great location, is pretty, tables aren't too close, and with the outdoor patio, it would be a fun place to hang with friends.I was so surprised to see the lower ratings for this place, but then I realized they carried over from when it was Bar Amis. I was never there before so I can't compare the "new concept" to the old, but my husband, friends, and I all loved our experience tonight. We sat outside near the DJ, but it was never too loud. Our server was attentive and friendly, as were all the staff with whom we interacted. The beer list was impressive, my friends enjoyed their cocktails, and I am currently pregnant, so I love a place that has interesting non-alcoholic beverages besides iced tea and soda. The mango ginger mocktail was refreshing and felt festive! Most importantly the food was fantastic! We split a couple simple appetizers and rounded the meal out with salads and sandwiches. Definitely recommend the strawberry burrata salad! We will absolutely go back for their happy hour specials and keep it on our list of spots with parking lots, especially when we want to stay close to home (South Philly) but get a break from the city feel. The view from the river is a lovely plus! 
Also bonus points for accessibility and an all-gender restroom!We stopped in here before a concert at the Wells Fargo center and it is really nice here! We didn't even know anything existed back here. The manger stopped over and went out of his way to take care of us when the bar thought something was out of stock. The food was really good! The popcorn was addicting. We will definitely be coming back again!Nice little escape from the city - right in the Navy Yard! 
I found the place easily accessible and really appreciated that they have parking right on site. 
Since we came after the Navy Yard had closed, we drove up to the guard at the entrance and he waived us through after explaining that we had dinner plans at this location. 
Upon entering, you can tell the space is lively, with patrons sitting at the outdoor area taking in the ambiance of a summer night. 
This sister site of the CC location has a more laid back atmosphere. There's incandescent lighting outside, and inside there's a full bar that greets you and plenty of high top seating with TV screens along the perimeter. 
The host that met us was very nice and let us know to self seat ourselves (there was plenty of seating inside), and she sent a waiter our way to get our drink orders.
The menu looked to be inspired but nothing too crazy. We ordered the nachos, cauliflower, ricotta and jam bruschetta, and grilled avocados. We ordered off the small plates menu and just family styled the whole meal with our party of 3. 
The food was tasty, with everyone agreeing the ricotta dish to be the standout. The cauliflower was cooked well enough but I was hoping for a little more flavor to shine through. I enjoyed the avocados - they were grilled so the char on them injected a new taste profile that I usually don't have when eating an avocado. 
The service was quick and the waiter was great with filling and refilling our drinks. 
Overall a pleasant experience and happy with their multitude of veggie friendly options. I can see this place to be a good happy hour spot or where to chill during game days (especially given the proximity to the sports complexes.)
Enjoy!!Philly's been sleeping on this place. Pleasantly surprised. Food was great, service as well. Outdoor space is beautiful. Views of the Navy Yard, plenty of TVs to watch sports, very clean. Can't wait to come back and try some other items.I came here several times since I was working in the area.  I had lunch and came back on a Friday for happy hour.  Can't beat $4 drafts and they feature beers from a local brewery. I would say the menu is limited but quite good.  Really liked the DJ.  He played some 60s rock, Beatles, Stones, with some in foreign languages, quite eclectic. Cool remakes. Lots of outdoor seating.This place a short walk from the Courtyard on the Navy Yard Campus.
It's a cute place. I sat at the bar and had some happy hour specials. I didn't eat a lot and had a couple of drinks.
If you are planning on visiting to see Anthro/Urban Outfitters and don't want to take a drive into the city this is a good place to have a meal.
CHICKEN SALAD
You rarely see this on a menu for dinner and when I do see it I'm pretty excited. It was good - and something a little lighter for dinner then a piece of meat & a little more then a salad.
APPLE PIE BAR 
Just YUM!!! All around snaps for thisWOW. What an awesome experience this evening before a Sixers game. If you are looking for a comfortable restaurant with great food and better people, then this is your spot. And it also happens to be the closest awesome food establishment to the stadium. It would be wise to add this place to your future plans. John, our waiter, was friendly, professional and very attentive. We also had the pleasure of meeting , Marina, the manager. Meet her once and you will understand the positive Vibe of this restaurant. Unbelievable energy, positive attitude, engaging smile and customer centric. We will be back for many visits in the future. We both ordered pasta dishes and they were amazing. One was Cauliflower gnocchis and  the other a sausage and broccoli rabe with pasta. Enjoy.Popped in here after a hockey game, it was nice. Quiet and relaxing.  Had a few drinks before we headed home, the staff were super nice and the place is very clean.  Only gave four bc it is not really in a great area and I don't think I would come back here again.Me and my husband visit weekly , we know the staff, the staff knows us and we order the same thing every visit . Me ... the nachos with chicken (jalapeños on the side please) and my starter frose. My husband get the pint and burger (well done ... blasphemous I know right) with a side of fries . Halfway through I order my second frose and he orders his second beer. We pay , we leave and we know we will be back next week and the week after and the week after that until .... Gatehouse changed the menu . My favorite waiter apologized before handing me the menu ... he said "we no longer have your nachos on the menu." I darned near fell out the chair . I looked over the menu and nothing made me as happy as those nachos ... I could be wrong but I believe those were my tears that fell onto the menu. I still love you Gatehouse. Do you love me ? If so please bring back my beloved nachos pleaseeeeeeeeStopped in here yesterday while in the Navy Yard - place was pretty packed since it was happy hour.  Wasn't able to stay long but I would definitely go back.  Crowd was great, our waiter was super cool.  I only had an app, I ordered the buffalo cauliflower, it tasted great however it wasn't actually cauliflower it was broccoli - still tasted great so we didn't bother bringing it to the waiters attention.  Cool place.Located in the Navy Yard, Bar Amis has its own parking lot but don't waste the time trying to find a spot. It's small. You will have better luck with street parking a little ways down. Upon walking in, the first floor is a bar with limited seating and as most of those dining in are led to the second floor. 
Our party mostly came to drink and snack so ordering a bunch of appetizers makes for a good tapas style meal. We set our sights on avocado toast, Brussel sprouts, roasted cauliflower, chicken wings and calamari.
Avocado Toast- the grilled avocado is perfectly ripe each time. In fact, our group had to test this theory by ordering a second plate lol! The seasoning is most likely Trader Joe's "everything but the bagel" seasoning. So simple but such an elegant dish.
Brussels Sprouts- the Brussels sprouts are perfectly charred, seasoned with just plain salt and a touch of olive oil. Another perfectly flavored appetizer.
The roasted cauliflower is. I enjoyed the cauliflower but I feel like you'll either like it hate it.  It's spicy and has slight pungent pieces of cheese, certainly flavors that are polarizing. 
Calamari was an appetizer yet the plate that came out was almost like an entree. Portion was large.
Finally the chicken wings- the wings were the disappointing part of the meal. No real flavor, pretty dry and bland. Skip the wings.My experience at Bar Amis was exactly how I would explain a three star review to someone. How was the food? Good but not memorable or desirable. How was the staff and customer service? Friendly but quite forgetful. Environment and establishment? Clean but anything but cozy. 
I went here for a birthday dinner with a group of seven including myself. We had a reservation and were given a table upstairs on the second floor. My fiance and I arrived a little early so we helped ourselves to the bar to grab a drink prior to dinner. 
First off, it's quite evident that they have tried to squeeze as many chairs as possible at the bar. The bar felt way too cramped to the point of being uncomfortable. I felt like I was practically elbowing the gentleman next to me and he probably had to listen to me and my fiancé ramble about our wedding for a solid half hour - sorry, dude! As far as the drinks go, I did really like the frose I had. It was actually probably one of the best frose's I've ever had. Props to the friendly bartender for that. I wish I had asked for his name so I could give him a true shout out!
In regards to dinner, we started with appetizers and all shared the ricotta and fig jam bruschetta, crispy brussels sprouts, grilled avocado and crispy buffalo cauliflower. I thought they were all good although nothing to rave about. The last mentioned was my favorite but probably only because cauliflower is one of my current favorite vegetables. To be honest, I liked it just as much as I like cauliflower I prepare myself and trust me I am no chef! 
I had the seared salmon for my entree and it was, once again, just good. Like the prior mentioned appetizers, it was nothing to rave about. The salmon was seared well but really lacked in flavor. I tried some of the chicken parm that my fiancé got and thought it was decent. I found it interesting that this entree didn't come with pasta of any sort, but I guess that's good to know if you're trying to cut the carbs.
Although staff was nice, there were a few different times throughout the night where items were forgotten. Having to ask for items repeatedly definitely got old, fast. 
Like I said, although Bar Amis won't ever be my suggestion or personal preference for an Italian dinner in the city, it's dwcwnt. I'm hoping I just caught them on a bad night and that my next experience would be a better if I do ever return.