The food is  excellent  and a good value....people are nice;a real  Mt. Airy gemI enjoyed the Geechee Girl cafe. I like to support local businesses and having this restaurant in NW Philadelphia is important to me.
The decor is nice, the service is very attentive & the food is good. Generous portions, well seasoned (except the cornbread, which tasted predominately of flour, for some strange reason) and fresh ingredients, Geechee Girl is a local gem. Patronize this restaurant!GeeChee Girl worth your time & money! Try the  Hopping John plate of crispy fried rice with black-eyed peas & ham hocks! Pork Loin roll with stuffing...scrumptious! Forget the catfish tots...tasty but chewy & oily!We have been there twice and drove over an hour from New Jersey.  If you are
looking for something different with very friendly service and excellent food,
give it a try.  I am sure you will like it.  You can bring your own wine.I saw this place on DDD several weeks ago and the food looked really good.  I went for dinner and was very disappointed on the service and food.  We waited 45 mins for our food to come.  I order the North African Chicken and Shrimp and grits.  The Chicken was ok, cumin flavor, and rice was ok.  portions were small for $18-$20 dollar per plate.  I am never coming back to this place, waste of my time and money!!I did not have a good experience at Geechee Girl. The owners are rude to their customers and from what I heard this is a common occurrence. I am a local and talked to quite a few of my neighbors that had similar experiences there. I would not recommend this restaurant.We've tried to give this place a chance. We've been about 4 times and we'd hope things would change, but the service is still horrible. The food is good, but it's not good enough for extremely slow service and quasi nice staff.  This time we were treated like we were incoveniencing them.  For example, when we ordered beverages and they were brought to our table, we asked for water-our server said, "you couldn't have asked me when I was here before?".The food was ok, but not great.  The pulled pork was overcooked but spiced well.  Portions weren't very big, but I could stand to lose a few lbs.  My wife had the gumbo, and she thought it was bland, but the vegetables were fresh.  The prices are high, despite our use of a groupon.  Speaking of groupon, the presumed owner was obviously annoyed with our use of the groupon, and even more so with the family next to us who also used a groupon.  That experience probably killed any chance of us returning, which certainly makes the groupon marketing even less valuable to the restaurant.  My advise is to live with your decision to honor the groupon, and give people an experience so that they will want to come back without a groupon.I found Geechee Girl on Yelp after another restaurant was all booked up. It was cool. The staff were nice enough, but I just expected the food to taste better. It was just ok. Cute place and nice atmosphere, but the food was just ok.Geechee Girl is the restaurant you always dream about having around the corner...it's comfy, the staff is friendly (they really do know your name) and the food (which is cooked to order) is inventive and delicious.  While there's lots of hearty food like pulled pork, there's plenty to satisfy vegetarians as well (expecially in appetizers).  The chef and owner places an emphasis on using locally grown produce (and meat) so everything is so fresh. Make sure you leave room for dessert....there are so many to choose from.I really wanted to like this local restaurant n thats why giving it 3 stars.. I will hopefully try it again soon to give it another chance.. The wait for food was long as others have said. Our cod fritter appetizer was ok not great. As for the shrimp n grits... Great texture for grits but the dish had little flavor overall n the greens were too bitter n in need of more seasoning too. My daughter got the salmon which was cooked perfectly but had alot of fat on it that could have been trimmed off. All in all this place is rough around the edges n needs a great chef to make the few menu items really sing.. Great potential thoughSOOOOO delicious. We saw this place 1 year ago when we moved to Philly but just tried it tonight. Shouldn't have waited so long. The service and food was awesome and the chef, Valerie came out to talk to us which was really nice. 
They have a pretty big dessert list from which we tried the brownie sundae which was sublime. We plan on going back soon and often because it is so close to us and go down the list of desserts.
We had the Cod fritters for appetizer which was very tasty. For entree I had the Senegales Chicken Yassa which was great, especially the greens and my husband had the Carolina Pulled Pork and was especially happy with the corn bread (he said it tasted like dessert), coleslaw and black eyed peas.
It was empty tonight which I felt bad about because the place deserves to do well. I hope it was because it was a Thursday and a bit late (past 8pm).I was here for the New Orleans exhibit, where they offered a Creole NOLA menu. I haven't been here for their regular menu yet so this review is only for the themed night. 
Before ordering, we were assured that the portions were generous. While I understand that this might be a subjective statement, I don't know if any one would consider the portions generous. I would say the portions are fair. 
For appetizers, we shared the sweet potato tostones. Then for entrees, we had the salmon glazed with house made bbq sauce, duck jambalaya, and shrimp etoufee. Everything was good, but not amazing. I liked the sauteed greens a lot though. Oh, and we each got cornbread.  That was Delicious. All of the dessert options sounded very tempting, but we had to narrow it down to the beignets and bread pudding. Both dishes were fabulous. 
I would come back here if I were in the area, and wanted a low maintenance dining experience. But I wouldn't necessarily make the trek for the food again. That being said, the service was very friendly, and the owner Valerie did come out to talk to us. That's always a nice touch.Thanks to the Yelp community, I walked to this Restaurant as I'm visiting Philadelphia.  In a word, delicious.
Service: I was a party of one, and they could not have been more congenial.  I met four of the five sisters that own the restaurant, and even got some family history.  At the same time, I never felt like they were hovering. 
I ordered the regular iced tea, as sweet tea is generally too sickly sweet for me.  Without any prompting from me, they brought me two small cups of the sweet tea and the ginger beer, just so I could taste it.  The sweet tea (made with mint they grow themselves) was wonderful, and I switched over to it after that point...
Food: I had plantains (not overdone, with just the right amount of oil and garlic), greens (again, perfect amount of garlic and oil), the low country shrimp and grits (I only stopped eating it so I could have leftovers for the next day), and cornbread (which was good, but nothing to write home about).  
Initially I was going to skip dessert, but then it was mentioned that they had just made a sweet potato pie....  I went for it, and I'm glad I did.  It came with a small dallop of fresh whipped cream.  Devine.
I'm glad I had a decent walk back to where I'm staying, as I certainly packed on some calories.  Still, this is a place I would definitely take friends to if I were local.Been here twice with a group--both times we had great service (the owner was very attentive!) and the food was HEAVENLY. Really interesting, tasty dishes all around--from starters, to entrees, to desserts. Definitely try the cornmeal flatbread!Delish.
Try the ginger beer with the BBQ and wrap up with some ginger cake for a good night.OUTSTANDING!!!! This was my first visit and I am floored!!!! I will be a regular. The food here is good as the people are warm. This really feels like family. Generous portions that are very easy on the eyes (not to mention the palate). I had the grilled ribs, mac and cheese and green beans. Everything was cooked and seasoned to perfection! The hostess informed us that this place has been around for ten years... WHERE HAVE I BEEN?!?!We went to Geechee Girl Cafe on the insistence of a friend.  I knew of it's good rep, but have never been there.
Pro's:  The greens are out of this world.  They are smokey and have some accent vegetables in it.  I gave my friend a taste and I didn't think I would get it back.  The desert of cherry pie with ice cream was fresh and the cherries full of flavor.  Mint ice tea was pretty good, but nothing to write home about.  Pretty easy to find street parking.
Con's:  Cafe is diagonal to a busy, busy fire station.  As I was facing the window, I mostly saw firetruck, ambulance and police car lights flashing throughout the meal.  A semi-opaque screen would make the experience better.  The service wasn't the best.  No one refilled our ice teas.  I was starving, and a bit greedy, so I ordered the $25 Pork-o-Rama (not called that, but it had pulled pork, stuffed pork trotters 2 small pieces of pork belly and maybe one more thing.  I was rather disappointed.  The pulled pork was very dry.  I had to take a drink to make it go down. It was a little spicy, but not enough to make me happy. The pork belly pieces were so small, it was almost and afterthought.  As for the rest, I honestly could not tell what I was eating.  It all tasted the same.  Based on people on Yelp's opinions, I ordered one order of cornbread and one bisquit.  Didn't even bother with the cornbread after tasting it, the bisquit was ok, but tasted very floury.
My friend got the Rainbow Trout special with rice.  She loved the rice and fish.  I tasted the fish and enjoyed it.  There was some sort of green sauce on it that was good and spicy.  She also ordered a salad and requested dressing on the side.  The waitress came back later and said they don't like to do that, but would put it on lightly.  Wouldn't you know, her salad was drenched in dressing.  I mean, buffet ladles worth.
My biggest Con was the prices of some of the items.  $2 each for cornbread and bisquit. $5 for most sides.  $25 for my special and $23 for my friends.  It was about $100 for not much food.  I would go back to get the greens, but not sure if they do take out.  I also wish they would identify which kinds of greens they use in the dish.
ADDED 8/11/13 - I found the recipe for the greens on the food network website.  There is a recipe for the peach cobbler as well as the biscuits.  Recipes can be found at: http://tinyurl.com/ljelngmI went to this place because I saw this restaurant featured on Diners Drive ins and Dives......the food was excellent but it was a little pricey for the portions...I mean the portion was super small, I did take out so I don't know if that mattered but they need to beef up the portion for a 20.00 entreeI was very disappointed.  We sat for 20 minutes before our order was taken. The food took another 35 minutes and was cold.  The service was terrible. The waitress acted as if she had a problem with us asking questions. When my husband asked for more syrup she told him he didnt need more. We spent $70 on breakfast for 3 people and left hungry. I wont be going back. I preferred the food and service at Rose Petals Cafe on Chelten Ave much better!I had heard all the great reviews on television so I wanted to give it a try. Took the family their for Mother's Day and it was a horrible experience. From start to finish the meal took 3 HOURS! We had to wait over 20 minutes to get water. We asked the staff twice for water because a member of our party had to take medicine. Finally we get water for only one person. Then another 20 minutes later they come to take the entire order never asking us about drinks. It took 2 HOURS to get the appetizers. Although we arrived at 6, half hour after dinner opening we were informed there were no cod fritters. 40 minutes later we received our entrees, they were just okay. Throughout the evening we were hopeful that the meals would be worthwhile but really there were not. The salmon looked frozen and smell fishy. At the end of the evening we were offered nothing but excuses, they didn't even offer complimentary desserts. To top it all off when the bill came gratuity was added in for our party of seven. I had to explain to them that I was not paying 19% for subpar service and that it was against the law to add in gratuity anymore. They were very surprised and annoyed with me. Too bad! Unfortunately I am still exhausted from spending 3 HOURS in the restaurant just sitting.Birthday dinner last night for my wife with our daughter joining us.  Food and service were fantastic.  Duck Gumbo, Shrimp and Grits and Beet Salad were all outstanding dishes and portion sizes were just right.  Highly recommend.The wait was extremely long, especially considering that there was only 1 other table of 2 in there with us the entire time. That bothered me quite a bit.
The service was great, they were super friendly and very attentive
The Potato and Leek soup was phenomenal and so were the sweet potato tostones. YUM YUM YUM!
My grams had the hoppin johns and although she ate them, she said they were just meh...
We capped off the food with some pecan pie, which was definitely NOT good.. I bake, A LOT, I'm a lover of pie so this really bothered me. 
It's sheer mediocrity.Summary: Inconsistent food.  Slow service.  Outstanding sauces.  Great pulled pork.
I have been here twice.  The first time was a memorable experience deserving of 5 stars. (My mom and I debated about licking our plates clean.)  The second time not so much so.  It was a solid four but nothing I would drive out of my way for.  
The pulled pork is note worthy.  Maybe the best I have ever had.  My husband who was raised in Arkansas raved about it too.  
Cod cakes were supreme on the first visit.  I craved them and couldn't wait to eat them again.  The second time around they were meh?  Not so special.  
I did not like the collard greens at all.  It was more like eating stir-fry.  No thank you.
Hopping john was fantastic.  Didn't taste traditional but fantastic just the same.
Dessert: Outstanding pecan pie.  Rice pudding, I tasted on 2 different occasions - the first time to die for the second time not as special, ginger bread was not good.  
The service is extremely slow.  Luckily the waitress warned of this the first time we were there.  Upon ordering I said I was starving and she told me never to come to their restaurant super hungry because everything is made to order and takes a long time to cook.  Nothing at all is made ahead of time she said.  Funny though because when we asked for a dish or two to be altered for the allergies of one of our guests, suddenly they couldn't do it because they were pre-made dishes.  Hummm...  I asked if we could have some cornbread while we were waiting for our meal and they said no because it was made to order too.  I find that a little hard to believe.  But she did bring out crackers that were supposedly homemade too and were the best crackers I have ever had in my life.If you can overlook the long wait time, because the food is freshly prepared and slow cooked, then you will really enjoy this place. Having lived in Mt.Airy all my life i will guiltily admit that I have been to hardly any area restaurants. It's extremely hard to get friends living in center city to come down and my family tends to stick with chains. However i was pleasantly surprised with how fantastic this place is. 
The food definitely does it. I had the California Pulled Pork ($17) and I threw down on that plate. I was ready to lick the plate clean when I was done, but i stuck to scraping as much left over juices as I could with my fork. The pork was scrumptious. Tender, juicy, and perfectly sauced. And those bbq'd blackeyed peas. Lawd a'mercy. I never knew blackeyed peas could be sooooooo good. I was ready to request an extra side. I could just eat those by themselves, no rice. The coleslaw was a-okay. I've had better and I've had worst. I just wanted more blackeyed peas. And the cornbread was good to scoop up with the pork so the plate overall was a 4 stars. And it was filling, perfectly deliciously filling. 
My friend also had the pulled pork but switched out her blackeyed peas for sweet potatoes. They were ok, but she regretted not sticking with the peas. Unfortunately for her, I devoured them before I could share anymore. 
For dessert we decided to get Netta's Sour Cream Pound Cake. For $6 we got two nice sized pieces of cake and vanilla ice-cream to share. DUH-LI-CIOUS. 
It was not a game. If I had more money, I would have gotten more food to go, just so that I could be a fatty in the privacy of my own home. 
This place would have been 5 stars if it wasn't for the service. The service is meh at best. The ladies are very nice, however it took our server a good 15-20 minutes to even get us our requested water. She did grab us some chips to snack on as we waited for the food, but she got us that before she even got the water!! And we didn't get water refills until dessert. No beuno. Overall, they really need to do better service wise, but I hope they change nothing about the food.This is one of the most unusual restaurants in Philadelphia, a lovely combination of low country Carolina, modern soul food and contemporary cuisine.  The food is fresh and imaginative, the service is friendly, and there always is something unexpected on the menu.  The small room can be noisy when the restaurant is full, which it often is, but it's a small price to pay for a great experience.  Lots of vegetarian options, too.I would love to review the food at Geechee Girl, but I can't because when I went for dinner my food never came.  We waited twenty minutes for our order to be taken and then over an hour afterwards without a single morsel delivered to our table, not even cornbread to tide us over.  After we overheard another table complain about waiting 2 hours and only getting served their salads (and noticing that none of the other tables had food either) we paid for our drinks and left.  Restaurant fail.We were lost in the shuffle on a night where they were offering a groupon and we did not have the groupon.
4 people, 2 apps an 4 entrees took 2 hours. The food was ok. The shrimp and grits were not ok. The service was slow and the bill was over $100. I may give this place another try if I find myself in Germantown just for a comparison.Well not sure where to start. 
It took 45 minutes for the appetizer to come and 30 more minutes for the entree.  The chicken skin was supper dry and didn't like the rice and the greens were under cooked. The best part of the meal was the corn bread. I also had a brownie sundae which wasn't bad. The restaurant is really overpriced for what you get especially the mediocre service.My beautiful godsister hosted a baby shower for me here. We had the entire place reserved for 3 hours. The wait staff was friendly and somewhat attentive. The breakfast buffet was pretty tasty. My favorites were the rice and salmon cake, the pancakes tasted homemade and were perfect with the apples, and the salad was really good but had too much dressing. Oh, yes the eggs were YUM!
The manager introduced herself to me, she seemed kinda off-puttin in her natural disposition but i was happy to be around my family and friends.
we were definitely rushed out by 2pm because of our reservation but i didnt mind too much. they allowed us to decorate in a baby shower theme and she spoke highly of my godsister.
i understand the owner gave my mom a hard time about keeping the food we paid for but in the end we got to take it home and enjoy it later (well my godsis did). i may be back for brunch one day but based on the reviews, i might also just as likely pass. there are too many fabulous brunch places in philly to settle on  mediocre!My wife and I had dinner here for the first time this past Friday (Oct 14) and it was absolutely delicious.  We enjoyed fried green tomato as an appetizer.  I had Grits with Shrimp for dinner with a side of collard greens, and my wife had pulled pork with BBQ beans.  We also ordered a side of fresh biscuits, too.  Both dishes were very tasty and we're looking forward to returning in the near future.  I'd also like to add that they have homemade ginger beer (aka, ginger ale), too.I am not one to write a review, but thought I had to this time. I just came home from having dinner at Geechee girl and can't stop talking about how good the food and service was. This is the first time I have been to this restaurant for 3 or more years, having avoided it because of the slow service. Tonight, maybe it helped that we went on the early end of the dinner time, we had wonderful, quick and attentive service. In fact the wait staff and owner went out of their way to help my dinner partner to choose an item from the menu that would accomodate her dietary restrictions. I had teh shrimp and grits (yum!!) and she had the salmon. What I liked the most, however, was the baked brie, pear and peacan salad. I am glad I have this restaurant another chance.Avoid brunch!!!  Terrible chicken and waffles... And way over priced for the type of food and location; $58 for three people of two pancakes and one chicken and waffles.  The woman who ran the front of the house was nice but not warm or inviting.  We will never be back.This place is nothing short of amazing. Best meal I've had in a long time. Nice ambiance, great staff, all farm fresh ingredients, all food from scratch. I can't say enough good things about the menu, the quality, and the value. Tonight was my first visit, and I can't wait to go back.i've never written a review before, but am compelled after last night's dinner at geechee.  without being told, this place is an obvious labor of love.   from the old family photos near the entrance to the brightly-painted, airy dining area to the varying menu, this place has got personality.  not at all fancy, but cozy and warm with great music, laid back vibe, and friendly, but not solicitous, service.   and, oh, that down home food!  again, nothing fancy...at all...but *all* homemade and in the best possible way.  it's the kind of food that mothers and grandmothers in movies make in the way we romantically wish our mothers and grandmothers could.    you'll leaving feeling like you just had one of the best hugs ever.  enjoy!We went to Geechee Girl last night after reading about it on The Patch & seeing it on Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives on The Food Network.  I had not heard of it before.  I felt bad that this gem existed within driving distance & we had never gone there before.  Incidentally, Geechee Girl is neither a diner, a drive-in nor a dive, but I am so thankful it was featured on the show.  It was a fantastic place.  The atmosphere and food are so homey.  The chef/owner has a wall of pictures as a tribute to her family, which was heartwarming and touching.  She also has a caption under each explaining who they are.  I felt like I was in someone's dining room enjoying a delicious Sunday dinner.  We had a brie salad special with poached pears & we also shared the sweet potato tostones.  They were delicious.  We both ordered the North African Chicken, but it was not an easy decision as they have a wonderfully diverse menu.  As we studied the entrees, we decided that we would definitely be back for  things like low country shrimp & grits, spiced salmon, and for the several specials.  Even the vegetarian veggies & rice dish sounded amazing.  We chose the chicken because we saw it on the show and couldn't stop thinking about it this week!  I also got a buttermilk biscuit.  The chicken is so tasty and well-seasoned.  It is like nothing I ever had before.  It is cooked with lemon & orange peel, and you can actually cut up the pieces of peel that come along with it and eat them with the chicken.  It was a delightful taste.  The greens and rice that came along side the chicken were awesome!  Actually, when we go back, I am going to force our group to get the rice sampler.  I didn't think I liked collards, but now realize that the ones I've tried in the past were never prepared very well before, b/c these were delicious.  The biscuit was awesome.  It tasted fresh out of the oven.  As my brother used to say "Biscuits make life bearable."  I would say that these biscuits do more: they are life-affirming.  ;)   (I see that you can order 12 biscuits for $20 on the catering menu.  That is a dangerous piece of knowledge.)  To end the meal, I ordered the Peach Cobbler and a mint iced sweet tea.  It was so good.  It tasted like something my grandmother used to make.  When you go, MAKE SURE to save room for dessert.  Dayenu the meal itself, but that peach cobbler may have been the star of the trip...yum!!  I took some menus & I am ready to start planning my next trip!  The really neat part of this place is that you can taste the memories of the people in the pictures on the wall in the food.  This food tells a story and every wonderful bite is a beautiful tribute to those so lovingly honored there.Tostones were wonderful. Entrees mediocre, but they looked good. The owner (Val) was there and is very chatty, however, she is not open to suggestion. I wouldn't normally travel to Germantown from downtown just for a restaurant, but after seeing DDD.... Made an exception. The service is far from stellar, but the food is good and prices okay. I'd try it again if in the area, but wouldn't make any special trips.Food was excellent, but service was hideous. The owner was so rude to us. The restaurant is BYOB and we brought Bloody Marys and Greyhounds. The waitress didn't say anything to us but after we were 3/4 through the meal, the owner came up to us and started yelling at us and telling us we has to buy the mixers at the restaurant. We apologized profusely and told her that we did not know but she glared at us disapprovingly and told us we could not bring mixers to a restaurant. We uncomfortably tried to finish the rest of our meal, but couldn't wait to get out of there. There is no reason for a restaurant owner to be so rude and mean. I will never go back and will try to spread the word.Loved the food here.  Stopped by on a last minute recommendation from a friend when I just happened to be in the area. Very cozy atmosphere. Highly recommended!Seriously some of the best greens ever. Do not skip dessert.food is pretty good if you stick with basics such as  pulled pork, black eye peas, greens, grits and cornbread. Not too salty or greasy.We found Geechee Girl online and we thought we'd try It out.  What a pleasant surprise and wonderful dining  experience! Geechee Girl turned out to be a best kept secret in Mt Airy.
Comfortable atmosphere and we sat by the window.  
We started with their salad and their special sweet potato soup.  Light and absolutely delicious! Very unique flavors and quite special.  
I had the salmon over black rice and my wife had the special breaded fish. Light, uniquely flavored.  Excellent!   Even the southern greens were special and delicious.
We had the blueberry tart and pound cake with ice-cream for dessert.  Heaven!
What turned out as an experimental outing to try something different  turned out to be a fantastic dining experience!  We will definitely be back!
Highly recommended!  (would say it's between $$ and $$$)Came here to use a small Google Offers voucher ($12 for $25 worth of food). They had a special Mardi Gras menu with several Creole offerings alongside their regular menu. 
We started with the sweet potato tostones, which were simple but delicious and set my expectations for the rest of the meal. The cornmeal flatbread was also pretty decent, as was the boyfriend's South African ginger beer. But then it kind of went downhill. 
I knew the reviews for this place weren't that great, so I decided to play it safe and ordered the North African chicken and rice. The dish arrived thickly encrusted with blackened herbs and spices so I was very excited for a flavorsome meal. I started with what I thought was sweet potato on top, but turned out to be something that tasted like cooked orange peel, but with a different texture. I spent a tortured minute trying to figure out what it was as I battled the urge to spit it out. Still no clue. The chicken itself was spectacularly bland, as was the rice. How one can use so many spices and still end up with a tasteless dish, I don't even know. Only the greens had flavor, and they were unpleasantly bitter. 
I ended up offloading half of it onto the boyfriend, who agreed with me for the most part. His shrimp etouffe was a little better, but still nothing to write home about. I tried some of his cornbread and it was very gritty. The desserts sounded delicious, but we decided to cut our losses and had frozen yogurt at home instead. 
Counting the voucher value, the meal ended up costing $65, which was for two appetizers, two entrees, a side of cornbread and a drink. Even with the discount, I didn't think it was worth it. I may come back to give them a second shot if there's another special, as I really liked the feel of the place and some other menu items looked like they might be good.My rating might not be the most accurate assessment of their actual food.
Why? Because we never ate there! Let me explain.
Last Sunday, we wanted to stop in for brunch because we heard so many great things about the place. We placed a call probably 5 hours before our actual arrival and set a reservation. We get there, and they said (with an attitude, might I add) that they never got a call from us. It was understandable, because they were  extremely busy that day. We didn't really think much of it and just waited outside for about 30 minutes until we were seated. By the time we were actually seated, we were starving, but still really excited for our food. However, about twenty minutes passed and no one came to even give us a glass of water! Then, when we finally flag someone down, the waitress gives us a long list of excuses about how they were backed up and that she didn't even work there. Okay, it's understandable that you're busy and backed up, but when you have more than five waitresses in a small restaurant, you should at LEAST come and check in on your customers at least once within thirty minutes. Or at least apologize and give us an estimated waiting time! But no, at Geechee girl, they just continue to ignore you until you finally decide to leave because you're so hungry.
Sigh. Sorry for the rant, but seriously, this was probably one of the worst restaurant experiences we've had in this area-- a total waste of time. Don't come here if you're hungry!went for fried chicken. very small portions but ok taste. i have had better. I could not eat the collard greens - too tough and unusual seasoning.Took my Mom, Daughter and Grand Pop here for dinner. The food was awful and the service was just as bad. No one in my party liked their food. The the restaurant needs to major decor and the owner is not really the friendliest to some people (I won't say who). I really don't see how they stay in business. We will not be returning.This is one of the best restaurants in the Northwest of Philadelphia, and almost too secret. I only say that because its store front location doesn't jump out at you right away, and my wife and I worry that they will stay open. Where would we go for our Low Country Shrimp if they dissappreared? Carolina? It might be worth the drive, but I'd rather savor it here in Philadelphia.
We've taken friends, family, and near strangers to this restaurant, all of them with different palattes and dietary requirements, and this warm little BYOB always satisfies them all. I'm not an expert in Gullah cuisine, but the staff here obviously are, and they know how to introduce people to delicious and unexpected experiences. 
The room can get a little warm in the summer, and the food doesn't always come out with speed, but its all worth it for the flavors. And the family that runs the restaurant from the back of the house to the front are a joy to visit. It feels like your invited into their home and they are sharing their greatest family recipes. That is how much love is in the food and experience of dining here.If you are an African American, then you have more than likely had this food all of your life. The food is good, the place is nice, but I wouldn't got out and pay for black eyed peas and corn bread.Absolutely delicious food! The chef came out and entertained our four-year-old son (she has a personal toy collection in one corner). Beautiful room. The salmon was perfectly cooked, as were the collard greens, with wonderful seasoning. LOVE!I don't get the buzz about Geechee Girl.  Finally stopped one night and took home some hoppin john, rice and a special chicken dish. OK but nothing special.  The women were very nice and the place is funky enough but, I don't know.  If the food was of the kind that suffered from take-out I could see going back and sitting in, but what I ordered was pretty bullet proof.It was months ago that we ate here, so I can't remember specifics, but I remember loving it.  We were there for brunch and we left satisfied.  I also remember the corn bread being massive and good.I bought a Groupon for this place in the summer... it expires on the 8th so I decided that we'd go to brunch on the 6th.   I looked over their menu and nothing really jumped out at me.  I called Sunday morning to see what time brunch was over and she told me 2:30.  Said that if I didn't have a reservation that I could come in and see if someone doesn't show up.  Uh.. that's stupid.  Just tell me that I'm SOL.  I'd rather know up front then waste time going there to not be able to sit.  Well, that's what happened.  We got there spot at 2.  It was kinda crowded but several empty tables.  She took 5 minutes to come to the host stand.  Asked if I had a ressie, I didn't... said she couldn't seat us.  No apologies, no offer of making another ressie, just rude.  When I asked if they were open Monday or Tuesday she took a full 2 minutes to say no.  Another person was turned away as well.   
My thoughts... you stop at 230, you don't know if the people that had reservations were coming or not, you weren't overly crowded, so wtf?  Also, you're fucking rude.  You're the owner, I guess you can afford to not give a shit about customers.  Big mistake. HUGE.  In my Pretty Woman voice.  We live in walking distance.  We're fat.  We could be your best fucking friend.  Now, I'm just going to tell people that you fucking suck and you wear a stupid hat on your head.  Inside.  
Pissed that you got my $12 from Groupon for nothing.  I'm gonna chase them down the street on a bike screaming $12....I want my $12 a la Better of Dead (yeah, it was $2 in the movie).When Guy Fieri tells the world your food is rocking, you certainly have to live up to that expectation.  My husband and I watched the DDD episode a few weeks ago, and have been anticipating a visit to Geechee Girl, after dabbing away drool from our mouths while watchin that episode!  Yesterday, after a day of house hunting and open houses in the Mt. Airy / Chestnut Hill area, we figured, this was a perfect opportunity to check out the culinary joints of our future neighborhood.
We called in advance, and made a reservation for 5:30, which is the time that they re-open for dinner on Sundays.  When we pulled up at 5:30, the "sorry, we are closed" sign was still in the window, so we waited outside until we saw a sign of life, when a woman (who was the same lady that we saw on the DDD episode) opened the front door.  We anxiously popped in and were the first and only customers in the restaurant for probably 15 to 20 minutes, until another table of two came in.  Unfortunately, it took nearly 40 minutes for our meals to come out.  At least, we knew that our meal was fresh and prepared just for us!
Off of the strenght of the DDD episode, we ordered the North African Chicken dish (which was suprisingly bland given what looked like an abundance of seasoning) and shrimp and grits (very small shrimp - dare I say baby shrimp, which was unexpected at the $18 price tag).  This little BG w/ southern roots knows her grits, quite possibly a grits connoiseur, and unfortunately this dish was nothing special.  
Both dishes came w/ a side of greens... My husband absolutely loves greens, to the point where he has tried to recreate my mom's recipe.  Since Guy F. declared Geechee girl's greens as "one of the best he's ever tasted" ... our expectations were way high!  The greens had a great texture, but were far from the best either of us had ever tasted.  
I must say - the BISCUIT was amazing and saved the day, which is why I'm giving the restaurant 3 stars as opposed to 2 stars.  If/when we move into the neighborhood - I would certainly go back for a biscuit or 20!  They definitely reminded me of my mommom's homemade biscuits, which was what I was hoping for the rest of my meal.Sigh..I so so wanted to love this place.  But, when it gets down to it,  most of what they make, I can do just as well, and I am not from the South or have a ton of experience cooking in this style, but I can and do.  Service was a mixed weird bag, the owner was nice, the server was a strange aloof hipster type that we had to chase down.