Cute little joint. Outstanding pizza. The reviews don't lie. Had red with half meatballs/tomato & a bottle of spumante. Does it get any better?Just got back from my first visit and loved every second of the experience.  From the retro vibe, big band music, nostalgic decor, white subway tiled walls, and amazing (best in the city?) tomato pie, I have a feeling this place is going to get very popular, very soon.  Get here early and often before it's too hard to get a table.  Will be back!So good. Eagerly awaited its opening based on the renovation and reputation alone.
Glad to say it met up with the anticipation. Very friendly service, great little dining room and the pizza is wonderful. That nice crispy char crust, fresh ingredients, all of it. The dressing on the salad- just right.
It feels ridiculous that pizza this good is so close to my house.We tried to go here last night to celebrate my brother's birthday with his 2 kids and had to leave and go to Chickies and Petes.  
THIS PLACE IS NOT KID FRIENDLY.  I just really would have really liked to know that before heading there.  The door specifically says no crybabies and well behaved children are welcomed.  Children are not generally well behaved.  They are children.
You may not like kids.  Hell, I am a 40 year old spinster lady with a cat.  I'm thinking about getting more cats to add to my image of old lady with cats plural, but for now I only have one cat.  But I digress.  YES, sometimes kids are really annoying to people in restaurants.  I'm with you.  If I am at a nice restaurant and some dumbass snot nose that I am not related to is running around while I am trying to catch a buzz off of my martini or glass of wine, I totally want to rip off a parents head for bringing their loud germ factories to such a place.  But this is a pizza place and its in the middle of a neighborhood!  It doesnt make sense to me, given the locale and that its pizza.  
Oh well, its your restaurant, you can make your own rules.   Too bad, I was really looking forward to trying the pizza.Sure, it's kind of a hike (just hop on the BSL), but once you have a bite of perfectly cheesy, saucy, thin crust pie with premium quality ingredients and a nicely charred bottom, you'll forget you ever complained about taking SEPTA. 
Is this the best pizza in Philadelphia? I think it might be. I was only there once, but I dream of it often. 
Gennaro's is small and it gets very busy. Don't come with a party larger than six (I would say not larger than four on the weekends). Cash only/BYOB.What a great place!  My wife and I took our two boys a and we loved Gennaro's. The restaurant has a cool,retro interior that was spotlessly clean and well thought out. Our waitress was prompt and friendly, even with two kids. She chilled our wine and brought out wine glasses within minutes.  We had the large white pie with meatballs. It was thin, crisp and perfect. It was so good that we ordered another pizza. We tried the  tomato pie with crushed tomatoes and  sausage. It came up quickly and once again it was incredible ,no grease and crunchy  They use only high end whole milk mozzarella and really fresh ingredients and it makes a difference. We have missed the old Lombardy's on 18th street, but Gennaro's really fills a void.
   Mike, the owner came out and checked on our meal.  He said our kids were so well behaved that he had a treat for them.  He brought out a large plate of  their home made desserts gratis. The desserts were  an added bonus, and once again a home run.  A step above Stella's and even Nomads but a far better bargain. Definitely will be back.I was really excited to try this place given all of the great reviews. However, I ordered a pizza for take out and it was a flat out disappointment. It would've been great had it been a FRESH pizza. The pizza I received was clearly reheated and the bottom of the box was cold when I picked it up. It was 10 minutes from the time I placed the order until I picked it up. There is almost no chance I will return and won't recommend this place to anyone.Let me start off by saying that I was a diehard Lombardi's fan who has mourned the restaurant's demise for the better part of the past eight years. Their pizza was perfect exactly the way it was. When I heard that the owner was opening Gennaro's, I was ecstatic.
Unfortunately, Gennaro's is not the second coming of Lombardi's that I had hoped for. It is good, but just not in the same ballpark.
Here's what it has going for it: The thin crust is good; the touch of olive oil makes the difference. The cheese is fresh, as it always was at Lombardi's. The menu is limited and this is a good thing (mostly). You won't find any weird pizzas with artichokes and bbq chicken here; just your standard pizza toppings. The restaurant itself is absolutely charming and the people who work there are friendly.
Here's what needs work: The "tomato pie" concept doesn't do it for me. I prefer all-over sauce and all-over cheese. There are pools of tomato sauce without cheese. It is on the pricey side. A large pie with one topping runs $19. I had pepperoni on my pie and for $3 per topping, they could have been more generously distributed. They do not currently have delivery service, and from my understanding, the owner is still debating whether or not to offer it. I ordered for pick-up, and thus my pie was cold by the time I got home. They need to work on this.
I'm giving Gennaro's three stars to start with the hope that they can work to earn the other two. Please bring back the Lombardi's recipe!Best pizza this side of the outer bridge!  I no longer have to go to New York to get the best pizza in the area. Great staff and wonderful atmosphere. BYOB too! I will be making this a regular stop.I am so excited that this place opened in my neighborhood!  The pizza is absolutely amazing and this is now our go-to place for pizza. 
We ordered the House Salad to start, which was perfectly dressed with crispy lettuce, tomatoes, and sweet red onions.  We then had the Gennaro's Tomato Pie.  The crust was crispy, chewy, and flavorful; the tomato sauce had just a hint of garlic and olive oil, the mozzarella was delicious.  We also got to try the Famous Chocolate Wafer Ice Box Cake (Cookies Layered between Fresh Cream) which was such a whimsical and nostalgic dessert, I will need to order it again and again.
What I liked most is that they had a light touch and avoided a lot of mistakes that other fancy pizza places make: overdressing the salads, making the tomato sauce too salty or sweet, or using strangely chewy buffalo mozzarella, or just having too many bizarre toppings.  Everything was minimalistic and perfectly prepared.Only reason this isn't getting the full stars is because I've saved it for extraordinary food. This is super solid, delicious pizza. I went on a friday night and got a large tomato pie with different topping half and half. Between the two of us we finished the thing. Crispy, thinner crust, everything tasted yummy and fresh. Cool atmosphere and good service. No complaints at all.Their pies are delicious. The setting is lovely -- it looks like too much tile and too little character from the pictures, but that's far from the truth. With soft American-Italian music in the background, the great decor, the wonderful service and the delicious pies, you feel like you can really become a happy regular here. 
We had both the white pie and the tomato pie. They were just outstanding. Crispy, thin crust pizza; really fresh tasting ingredients; perfect char. 
You can eat a whole large pie and down a nice bottle of (BYO) wine here and you would not miss any other restaurant anywhere. Just a delightful experience.The place is adorable and the staff was super polite and their attire was so cute!! When I walked in I knew I was going to be a fan. I am normally not a yelper but, I wanted to tell everyone that this place is great. I got take out this evening and is was perfect! The ingredients were super fresh and the dough was just right. I am very picky about pizza and this place by far is the best in the city!  This place will do great and I can't wait to dine in next time!!I will start with the good...The pizza was terrific...Great sauce, perfect amount of cheese, crisp crust...
Now the not so good...Gennaro's is a BYOB, which in my book means they do not serve alcohol so you may bring your own with no corkage fee.  Gennaro's apparently does recognize this, but charges you for a glass to drink your wine out of.  Yes, you read correctly.  They charge per glass for each customer who is drinking the wine that you brought.  I have been to all the best BYO pizza places...Slice, Tacchanellli's, DeLorenzo's, DiFaro's, Sally's, Pepe's...Not once have I ever been charged to drink out of a glass...Nor have any of the fabulous BYOB restaurants in Philly ever charged me a dollar per glass.  This is not going to make or break me, but it is just bad practice.
In addition, Mike, the owner circulates around but only greets those customers that he knows.  While dining, he came out and greeted guests that he clearly had a long standing relationship with.  He went so far as to serve them their salad.  He glanced our way and never even asked if we enjoyed our meal as we were getting ready to leave...We had aleady informed our waitress that their per glass fee for BYOB was ridiculous and unheard of, and he still did not come over.  Bad practice, Mike!  A happy customer is a returning customer!Crust is king.  Super thin crust, delicious sauce, not very greasy cheese - excellent. Easily my favorite pizza in Philly.
Cute '40s atmosphere, very attentive and pleasant service, and straight up great pizza.  Cash only.This place has phenomenal pie and exceptional owners/staff! It is without a doubt top three pizza experience of my life. Let me say we love pie, and not that chain crap. I came through Philly on the end of a vaca with my family and Yelped this placed and it rocked! From the moment I called to ask a no res place if I could get in and them telling me they would work on saving me a spot to the PERFECTLY cooked thin crust pizza it never let up. I know this is serious props but these folks know how to take care of Pie Lovers. Portland ME is a foodie town with great options and this beats em, even Regina's in the North End of Boston! Check it out!!Finally went to Gennero's tonight with my family, and it was AMAZING.  The pizza was one of the best pizza's I have had in a while.  The atmosphere was quaint, and almost made you feel like you were home at a family dinner.  The staff was friendly and attentive.  Definitely my favorite pizza in the city and a South Philly gem!The BEST pizza! Very small menu, but everything is delicious. I generally like topping on my pizza, but the best way to enjoy the red pie at Gennaro's is plain. Cash only and BYO.The pizza: excellent dough, baked to perfection, nice thin crust. But the cheese and sauce ratio was  just not perfect and the pie lacked that special taste that would put this place amongst my top pizzerias. The decor is tre cool, the service excellent, and the place is clean, warm, and inviting.Delicious thin and fresh pizza! No oil, light cheese, and homemade sauce. Great service as well.My pizza-loving friends and I came here last night as part of our on-going quest to find the perfect pizza. We were very excited as Gennaro's is related to the original NY pizzeria, Lombardi's. Ordered a large tomato pie to go and ate 1/2 on the ride home - deeelicious! The crust is thin and crunchy, sauce is tangy, not overloaded on cheese of which I approved (my friend would have preferred more). The general consensus was that it is very, very good - top 3 for sureI visited last night with a very large group.  First off, I couldn't help but notice how perfectly quaint and decorated the place is - painted tin ceilings, vintage war posters, old photographs.  The owner and his wife were so amazingly nice in accommodating the large group.  The caesar salad was delicious as was the white pizza.  I would venture to say that the pizza has become my top choice - thin, crispy, delicious - and well worth the price.  If you want run of the mill, cheaper pizza, go elsewhere - the quality and taste of gennaro's is in line with the cost (which is in the mid-teens).  Also, the waitress was sweet and attentive.  I can't wait to bring my family here when they visit me in Philly!Picked up a pie to go which came to $22 with 2 toppings which is kind of steep but with all the good reviews I didn't mind. When I got home and began to eat the pizza I noticed the bottom of the entire pie was burned. The taste of burnt crust overpowered the taste of the pizza and that is the reason for just 2 stars. As I write this review I still have the taste of burnt crust in my mouth. If I am paying $22 for a pizza it should be perfect. Probably won't return.Great byob. tomato pie with pepperoni was superb. The decor is 1940s and they have a great soundtrack playing that makes the ambience cozy and romantic. Service was okay, but they only had one waitress for the entire restaurant. Definitely worth a visit.I used to absolutely love the pizza at Gennaro's Tomato Pie...that is why I put up with the bogus $1.00 per person 'corkage' fee.  The last time I went, the pizza went down a notch.  It was not nearly as crispy as usual, and the service was not up to par either.  As I stated previously, I put up with the corkage fee, although that is just a ploy for the owner to pad his pockets.  Now that the pizza is not as good as it once was, I don't think I would be back.  Take a tip from ALL the other BYOB's in the city...don't take us for stupid and charge a 'corkage' fee.THIS IS GOOD PIZZA. Really good pizza, in fact.
I'm new to Philly (from New York), and Gennaro's is the first pizza of this particular style that I've encountered here. It lies somewhere between your true neapolitan pie and your standard american slice joint. That said, it's pies-only, and cash-only, and on the pricey side, but oh so worth it.
Folks who are turned off by the soupy center of a traditional neapolitan pie (something I don't particularly mind, but can see why one may not care for it) may fare better at Gennaro's, whose super-thin crust is crispy enough to allow each slice to support its own weight while maintaining a noticeable chewiness and puffiness in the outer crust.
The sauce is fantastically balanced-a bit sweet, a bit tangy, and super fresh-tasting, over all-while the cheese is a creamy, whole-milk mozzarella that's low on grease, and perfectly browned in the oven. 
I got takeout this time, but the shop looked quite cozy, and I hear they are byob, so I'll be sure to dine-in soon. I'll definitely be bringing my out-of-town friends here when they come to visit.Excellent restaurant, best pizza place in town! Hi Mike, I was at your place last week, it's Seth; please give me a buzz at 215-300-4439.so so so so gross.  there was a bug floating in my water so i did not want to drink anything from here.  got 1/2 tomato pie and 1/2 pesto pie without any toppings and the first bite was good but got tired of the flavors.  was so oily so beware of the mess.  the crust is thin and crunchy, like a cracker so if you like to chew your pizza, don't bother coming here.  you will eat burnt crust while thinking about the bug in your water.i consider myself a pizza aficionado.  we drove from south jersey and it was worth the trip  fantastic meatballs on the tomato pie and the sausage was top  shelf as well. Caesar salad made for a great start  good price and cool decor..I can't say enough about this place. It is a literal Philadelphia gem. No clue why there aren't lines out the door. I'm obssesed. It is totally stuck in time. Authentic to what they've been doing for more than 60 years. Great ambience. BYO. For me, the best pie in philly. Hands down. I'm in love,  I'm in love and I don't care who knows it!Fee for drinking my own wine - I think not.  The pizza is great!Best pizza in South Philly. We order from here so often. I seriously feel guilt-free eating this pizza because it's so light and has such a thin crust. They know what they're doing at this place! Only down is that it's cash only!I've known about these guys since before they moved in. Kept saying that I would give them a try sometime.
Damn.
That was a mistake. 
Don't get me wrong- This is not a cheap pizza Place. Our pizza tonight was $30. Long story short, worth every damn penny.
If You haven't had pizza here you haven't lived. I think it's unique in the Philadelphia area. At least in my opinion,  it's unlike any pizza  that I've had in the last 30 years in this area. Superthin, charred and top-notch ingredients - what else do you want to know?
Treat yourself - it's worth it.Tucked away down an unlit street but with a glowing sign out front, Gennaro's is a nice find in this South Philly neighborhood. Not a whole lot of seating but it feels homey.
There isn't a whole lot of selection but what they have to offer is tasty. The large pizza was a decent size, piping hot, flavorful. We got the large tomato with mushrooms and onions. I wouldn't necessarily make a special trip to come back here but it's not a bad choice on a cold day if you're in the neighborhood. Other Yelpers tell me the desserts are good so that might be something to try on a future trip here.My friend and I went here on Sunday, 12/14/14 and it was amazing. Friendly staff, tasty pizza, and complimentary dessert! It's our new favorite pizza place in her neighborhood :)Awesome across the board... amazing pizza with a higher sauce to cheese ratio than a typical pie (which I love). A crust walking the line between thick and thin, with a great salty tang and a nice char to it. 
As other reviewers have also said, the meatballs are phenomenal, totally on point both flavor and texture-wise. Additionally very friendly personalized service from the owners. All nicely wrapped in a cash only/BYOB package, bring it on!
A final note, I love the small diameter pepperoni they use... crisps right up and full of flavor.Excellent. Had the tomato pie with mushrooms and red onions. 
The crust is slightly charred underneath, which my girlfriend loved. 
Crispy crust. Be careful when folding and squeezing it, sauce tends to go everywhere. :P
The inside was just as everyone described. Very 40s decor. The wait staff was attentive, and very nice.My girlfriend and I fell in love with Gennaro's a few months ago and have made it a Friday night tradition ever since. Our favorites are the tomato pie with meatballs and the white pie with garlic spinach, but we'll mix it up too. This place is BYOB which we also enjoy (the corking fee is only $1 / person).  For an appetizer, large pie, dessert, corking fee and tip, we usually spend $45 - $48. Totally worth it.High prices, underage waitresses that werent familiar with waiting tables. Poorly constructed pizza, dirty, bugs, will never eat here again.I am truly angry with myself for NOT finding out about Gennaro's before I did. I've been in south philly for 2-3 years now and haven't really found that perfect pizza for me...until now.
The thin crust speciality is sooo good! Crunchy and not overly filling, the crust really makes the pizza. Try it "extra well done" for even more crunch! 
Their classic tomato pie may be the best tomato pie I have ever had (not saying that lightly). I'm not a huge fan of the white pizza but they are starting to change my mind with how good their's is. Would highly recommend going the classic tomato pie route, you can't go wrong!!! 
The service is always fantastic here and tilt feels like an old Italian family running the joint. It's quick and easy - my food is always out within 10-15 minutes and we didn't feel rushed at all!I eat out regularly at restaurants from bistros to gourmet, yet this is going to be my first yelp review. Coworkers and I had a craving for pizza but we wanted something special. We were tired of all the local pizza delivery spots and willing to pick up a good pizza. As soon as you walk in you are expecting something special and Gennaro's does not disappoint. A tasteful decor more reminiscent of a restaurant than a pizza shop. The aroma of a high quality tomato pie (go and smell and you will agree that it is easy to differentiate), greets the customer as he passes through the doors and the personality of the girl behind the counter  made me feel as though I was visiting my Italian grandparents during a family gathering and saying hello to a cousin. The pizza disappeared over moans and exclamations of pleasure heretofore only heard in adult movies. Crust was crisp and burnt in the right spots. Tomatoes were perfect texture and acidity and the cheese....far superior than the oil based cheeses all too often used by many establishments. Go! Enjoy! Just do not linger as Dante will be returning soon. Parking is really the only downside, but hey, this is South Philly so put the blinkers on and run in.Excellent pizza. New York style. Calzone was delicious as was the nana salad! BYOB. Recommended. One of the best in the city along with Nomad, Slice and Trenton's Delorenzos.all the hype over the new south philly pizza place, i was excited to try it. we ordered the famous tomato pie and a white, plus 4 orders of the so-called ice box cake, drove for take-out, got it home (which is less than a 3 minute drive) and could not wait to experience this world famous pizza. i was sooooooooo disappointed. i was expecting a crispy crust, but instead was eating a chewy, doughy, typical pizza that lacked flavor.  living in south philly, there are many other places that blow this pizza away. i will not be ordering from there again. now, on to the icebox cake - cool whip and hardly any crushed oreo cookies! i could think of alot of better ways to spend $60.00!Not the best pizza I've ever had, or the worst.  Nothing to write home about really, in my opinion.  I had the tomato pie with pepperoni and mushrooms.  The pepperoni was good and the crust was well done.  It just didn't all come together for me for whatever reason.
I guess to each their own taste buds!This is hands-down my favourite pizza spot in Philly. It would be great if they delivered, but the short 5-block walk is more than manageable for my take-out pizza desires.
This isn't what you think of when you hear tomato pie. It's round rather than rectangular, thin and crisp crust rather than thick and bready, and there is a small amount of fresh mozzarella melted into the tangy red sauce.
I usually opt for the sausage topping but it doesn't even really need toppings. Once I ate a whole small pizza by myself. I was a little ashamed, but it's just that good. When you pick up a slice, it stands at attention. That's when you know it's good pizza!
The pizzas are all cooked "well done", meaning you will get some charred edges on you crust. I like it that way but some people might not.
One time I had leftovers. Only one. They were fantastic the next day cold, straight from the fridge.
A large pie with sausage topping rang in just under $20. Compared to the only other pizza that comes close in Philly, Osteria, it's a steal.Very disappointed.  After reading a review in the local weekly and the high average reviews on Yelp, I decided to get a couple of pies for friends that came up to visit.  I didn't mind the high prices if you're going to pay for quality.  When I picked the pies up and paid $35.00, I could tell that the pies were very light.  Oh well, they're probably going to be awesome.  When I got to the house, what I received were very thin, flimsy pizzas.  The white pie had surprisingly little flavor; the tomato pie was light on the cheese and only slightly more flavor than the white.  I can say that the dog like the crusts a lot - they were reminiscent of Milk-Bones.  Won't be going back..  My friends were not impressed either.  Pizza was thrown away.I absolutely loved the pepperoni pizza and white with spinach. The pizza is thin, crispy, and has a tasty sauce. The cheese is fresh and there is a perfect ratio of cheese and sauce. I will definitely  be back.Ordered a take out pie. We had the white with pesto. The mozzarella was fresh (as it should be) the ricotta was creamy, but did not taste like fresh ricotta, just enough pesto and not too oily. The crust was thin, light with just a slight burnt bottom. Overall, ONE of the best (store) pizza's I have had. As I said, ONE of the best. May be tied with a place in Coney Island, NY that is open only on the weekend until they run out of dough. I don't want to give their name out. I would give a rating of 4.5 stars and would have given 5 stars if the ricotta was truly fresh. Cost for pie was $19.60 cash onlyI always check out peoples recommendations for the "best pizza in town" and this was the very first time that I agree! I've been in Philly for over 10 years and up until now, was never impressed. Gennaro's is delicious! Their tomato pie crust is thin, yet not dry like other popular Philly thin crust pie's I've tried. The sauce is fresh and flavorful. The house salad is a must have...the dressing is perfect! If you have room, try the ice box cake, it's definately my favorite! ...but honestly, you can't go wrong with any of the desserts!I finally tried this place after hearing rave reviews from friends. The pizza was fine, just like other "high-end" thin crust pizzas I've had. Nothing special, but it was good. My real complaints are  #1: The garden salad was very poor quality. It appears as though they stole Olive Garden's recipe: tasteless, clear iceberg lettuce and mealy tomatoes doused in store-bough Italian dressing. I expected so much more! Even for the garden salad. #2: The icebox cake dessert tasted fine, but for $5.50 they only gave use 6 bites worth. It was the tiniest dessert I've ever been served, especially for a dessert made from, shall we say, very "basic" ingredients. It's not like this was chocolate ganache or something. I feel like I'm in a twilight zone episode, being the only person not liking Gennaro's!I've never been a huge fan of thin crust pizza..until i had a slice from Gennaro's. My friend and I ordered the Tomato Pie with Sausage and Garlic Spinach. The crust was perfectly crisp on the outside with just the right amount of chewiness and the toppings were tasty and fresh. It doesn't have that greasy heaviness that I typically experience when eating pizza. This is pizza I could eat everyday without feeling guilty.
We also ordered the roasted red pepper appetizer, an item I would not normally go for but am so glad we did because I ended up loving it! At the end of our meal we were treated to a complimentary dessert sampler. We were already so full but couldn't resist the temptation, we finished every last bite! 
The amazing food would have been enough for me to make a trip back, but what made our dining experience even more spectacular was the fantastic customer service. As soon as we walked in the door we were greeted from across the room and seated. Our waitress was super sweet and attentive and the owner personally came around and checked on us throughout our meal. 
I will be making many trips across the city to eat at Gennaro's.The BEST pizza place!! Super thin pie, with a beautiful crust! I can't say enough good things, about this little gem that gives you a feel of an old school Pizzeria! Love the memorabilia on the walls! Great place for couples or a girls night!!Best pizza I've had in Philadelphia so far. Thin crust, with just a bit of charred-ness on the outside of the crust. You'll find yourself eating it slower than the usual rate of pizza consumption to savor the flavor. Highly recommend the pesto pie. BYO never hurts. Only reasons it's not five star: cash only and somewhat limited (and expensive) topping options.My boyfriend really likes this pizza... I don't see the big deal, so I'm giving it a 3.
Both times we went we got the tomato pie with meatballs to go.
I agree with the other reviewer who said that patches of cheese and skimpy toppings just didn't cut it for the price. The meatballs (smaller than a golf ball) are sliced in half, and there were 2 halves per slice. I think most people like more than two bites of their pizza slice to have the topping.
I don't prefer the major pizza chains to this, so it's not that I'm one of those people who like their pizza LOADED with cheese and greasy and clocking in at 1,000 calories per slice.
I think Gennaro's tastes good, but I would never prefer to order from here... especially for the price. (I love Santucci's, if you're wondering.)
Maybe it's better if you dine in, but I just don't get what all the hype is about.Amazing! We ended up getting the regular tomato pie - super simple but still crazy good. Plus our server Rachael was really nice and seemed to know a lot about the menu - will definitely be going back!Everything that I'm on the hunt for, as far as my personal pizza hankerings go, are covered here: a thin, thin, crispy, lightly charred crust and a bright, juicy, crushed tomato sauce is topped with quality cheese and toppings and a drizzle of olive oil... Yeah. That's the way. That's all the ole gal is lookin for and here's where I'll be trekking to get it. These tomato pies are best enjoyed on site to capitalize on all those there listed pizza attributes, I say.
Additionally, these tasty pizzas are best grubbed in Gennaro's little restaurant cause it's just adorable up in there- old skooly feelin, red Formica table tops, gleamin' clean- you'll be surrounded by framed 1940's magazine ads and ephemera and the sounds of big band swing. 
First time walking in, the door swung open and we were hit with some Glenn Miller, just like how they do in every 40's era period piece movie... 
*WhoOoOoooa swirly, spiraling, black and white lines connoting time travel*WOW!!!!  I recently came here with a friend!  What a hidden gem this place is!  Small and tucked in on Jackson just west of Broad street, you'll find one of the yummiest pizza places around.  My friend frequents this place often and ordered for us.  We had a large pie with mushrooms and small pepperoni.  I HATE all things mushrooms but I enjoyed this pizza very much!  The first thing I noticed was how fresh and flavorful it was.  The tomato sauce was fresh, light, yet flavorful and not too salty.  The pizza dough and crust were thin and crispy just the way I like it.  Sometimes they may char the crust more than what most are used to.  You can always request for a less-charred pizza and they will accommodate to your palatal likings.  We each had 1/2 the pie.  If it wasn't for the late lunch I had, I probably would've eaten another 2-3 slices!  I'm a sucker for pizza and this was no doubt one of the best pizza's Ive ever had.  I will definitely be back here, hopefully sooner than later.  
The place isn't very large so expect it to be busy on Friday and Saturday evenings.Hands down, BEST PIZZA in South Philly. Gennaro's is nice, clean, cash only & BYOB. What else can you ask for? Went last night for a birthday gathering & it ruled. Will definitely be back for all of my pizza needs!Small neat restaurant with nice decor and good service. The tomato pie and the white pie were outstanding and the  prices were fair especially for the quality of food. I'll definetly be back.Just opened this week. BYOB.  Very delicious Pizza and Salads. Adding to the Menu more items shortly.  Try it. Very nice Italian Decor.Thrillist voted Gennaro's the best pie in PA; I cannot disagree with this statement. Everything that you love in a pizza is found in the pie here. The crust is thin and charred but sturdy enough to hold the amazing toppings that you can choose from. Do not bypass the original tomato pie. Any pizza connoisseur knows that to determine how great a pizza shop is you MUST try their original. The marinara is on point and the cheese is so fresh, it just came out of the cow in the back room.
This place is the stereotypical pizza parlor. Yes, you never hear the word parlor anymore but this is exactly what this restaurant is. You walk inside and you step back in time to the 1950's. Maybe if you're lucky, you'll spot a South Philly mob boss in there.Best pizza place in Philly.  Don't be a Dingus! Keep it simple, the plain Tomato Pie is the way to go.I really hate to give this place a horrible review because inside the restaurant it's just so adorable but I have to say this is the worst pizza I have ever eaten.  And that's including high school cafeteria pizza.  The taste of the sauce and cheese was so bad that after a few bites I told my husband I just can't eat this and now whats for dinner.  Luckily he is a master in the kitchen and took the pizza home, doctored it up and was able to eat it.  None for me thanks.Hands down the best pizza my fiancé and I have ever had....and we know our pizzas, trust.In the heart of South Philly.. The place is small but the pizza is delicious! We had the plain, white, and meat pizza. So good!! Can't wait to go back.We were really excited to try Gennaro's and it definitely did not disappoint. We decided to go with a classic tomato pie for takeout (they will deliver eventually, but not yet). I've never had a tomato pie with cheese! The service was fantastic and friendly from start to finish. Our pizza was ready 10 minutes after ordering, and it was delicious. The ingredients were fresh, the sauce was light and flavorful, and the cheese was great quality. Given that it's thin crust, it doesn't fill you up - the two of us polished off a large pie (it usually takes us 3 meals to finish a pizza). I thought the price was a little on the high end. But we will definitely go back, and I'm excited to try their white pie! Note: cash only!There are a few people on here I'm close to sure have some ties to other pizzerias giving this place a bad name or they just don't  know pizza and are used to over flavored pizza like some fast food chains..lets get one thing strait I'm from NYC and lived next to lombardis which is one of the best if not the best pizza you will ever have! Eating here you can definitely tell these guys are related,great food great environment. If you need all these extra condiments like "garlic" then the pizza is not for you and you should stick to what you know which would probably be dominos..it's like going to
a fancy restaurant and asking to
get ketchup on your caviar, its insulting! but again if your used to eaten crappy food then I understand why someone would hate this place. I have tried so many different pizza from Philly and thank you god that Philadelphians finally get to know what good pizza is!!! Lombardis Gennaro's  la crem de la crem!I can't believe I am saying this as a New Yorker, but this is the best thin crust pizza I have had in a very long time.  Fast service.  Cesar salad was ok, but a little goopy on the dressing.  But go for the pizzaThis place has the best pizza in Philly hands down. They are only rivaled by Tacconelli's pizza which is in North East Philly. 
First impression is great. It's like walking into an old pop shop / corner diner. It is decorated with antique radios and other antiques that are definitely conversation pieces. It is very clean and tidy with nice staff. The waitresses attire reminds me of the soda jerks you see in old images. But it was definitely refreshing to see real waitressed dressed in clean uniforms. They stood behind a counter that reminded me of an old butcher shop or corner store. They also proudly display an American flag for which they earned brownie points. 
The pizza is not what you would expect from a South Philly pizzeria which is a good thing. It more resembles home made thin crust pizza with super fresh and high quality toppings, not some crap that came from a warehouse. We ordered a red pie and a white pie. The delicious thin crust is cooked to a perfect crunch. The dough has a slightly salted flavor which I really enjoyed. The sauce reminded me of something nonna would make and definitely did not taste like jarred sauce. The white pie had a beautiful fresh basil taste that was also reminiscent of home made Italian goodness. 
The only down side (not really) is that it looked so good I stuffed it into my pie hole so fast that I slightly burnt the roof of my mouth.  
I highly recommend this awesome place and will definitely bring my friends from out if town here for the best Pizza in South Philly. 
Side note: If you come from New York or have friends visiting from that area, they will definitely be impressed.They may of just opened on Wednesday (1/2/13) but Gennaro's Tomato Pie is already off to a great start. They may not have the biggest menu, but the pies they make are amazing. I ordered their New York white pizza without ricotta and it was amazing. It was covered in fresh whole milk mozzarella, which was amazing, with olive oil and garlic. The crust was crispy, but not burnt, and doughy around the edges, in other words nearly perfect. I think that Philadelphia has a new serious contender for the best Pizza in town.Very authentic Neapolitan style pizza. I had the tomato pie with pancetta and mushroom. It was to awesome. The sauce and cheese were just right. Tip: get it well done (crispy crust.) 
The service was wonderful. The wait staff was very friendly and attentive to us. 
The only draw back is that they don't take credit cards. I wish they would start.I really can't add too much to the other reviews except this, my husband hates when we sit on top of other people to eat. But although this place is small, he tolerates it. Why you ask? Because their pizza is TIGHT! Get the pizza and get the dessert. Last time we came here, we grabbed a piece of cake to go. By God it was good. We shared it but that'll never happen again, next time, every man for himself.Awesomely fantastical. The pizza is everything you want. It's not too thin and not too thick. It's not covered in too much oil because of crappy cheese. I loved everything about this place. It's a very small restaurant with decor from the 50's and early 60's. 
The owner was going from table to table greeting everyone and after explaining how I regretted not trying the meatballs- he sent them out for us and they too were delicious! They were soft and melted in your mouth without being dense or heavy. I would definitely recommend getting them as an appetizer. 
If you're looking for a light dessert- try the ice box cake with a cold glass of milk.
I definitely plan on coming back here- soon!I've recently taken up the quest of finding great pizza in Philadelphia. 
I really hate it when the best thing about a pizza is the way it looks in a picture.
For $45 for two pizzas (we added mushrooms to both) and some spinach, I was expecting something worth $45. To be fair, we tried both the white and red "tomato" pies. I always thought tomato pie meant no cheese, but I guess I've been mistaken. The crust tastes like saltine crackers. Just like nothing. Cold the sauce tastes like tomato paste.
They weren't as skimpy on the mushrooms as Pizza Beddia, which isn't exactly hard to beat.
There's nothing to the pizzas-- including flavor. They are really thin and if you want me to give you repeat business at over $20 for a pizza with mushrooms, it needs to have amazing flavor, which neither pizza did. The white pizza didn't taste like anything at all.
People just want to put out any product and expect you to love it and pay for it. I'm tired of not liking things and spending money on things I don't think are worth any of the "delicious" reviews.
I'm really disappointed because I heard that they were related to Lombardi's in NYC. My boyfriend asked for some garlic and they said they didn't do that. I guess if they mentioned that he had to pay an extra three bucks for it, he would have because it may have made our dinner slightly more enjoyable instead of completely boring.
The yelp hype is misleading, again.Finally got around to trying this South Philly gem, and I think it lives up to the hype!
First off -- BYO, with $1 corkage fee -- that's fair, I'll take it. 
Secondly -- this is your no frills,  non fancy, simple but well executed pizza. No there's no truffle oil, no béchamel -- this is what you call a traditional pizza pie.
Three options - you start off with either Tomato Pie, White pizza  , or pesto -- and add on the toppings to your desire.
We opted to try their white pizza with garlic spinach, tomatoes and mushrooms. My favorite part ? The ricotta, and the CRUST. This pizza had one of the best dough/crust texture I've ever had. It was really darn good. 
The problem with tomatoes/spinach is that it made the pizza really wet, the crust on the bottom soggy, so that was unfortunate.
Secondly, I do think the toppings could be a bit more flavorful -- I didn't taste any salt or garlic in the spinach. I think that would have kicked up this pizza a notch.
But the pizza was good enough I'd want to return. $27 including tax for 1 large pie with the toppings of our choice.
Next time.. I want to try the tomato pie. A good cheese pizza wins me over every time -- and the table next to us got one.. and it looked GOOD. Bubbly, crusty cheese on top.. wins your way to a girls heart man!Came in on a very cold snowy night, but the warmth of the atmosphere immediately hits you.  Scratchy sounding big band jazz playing on the radio, white and black tilled walls covered in old cigarette ads, bright red tables, waitress in bright red bandanas and lipstick serving you.  How were we transported back to a 1940's pizzeria?
There's room for 30-40 to sit, but oddly they were initially resistant to fitting 6 of us at the same table.  We had to insist and they relented and found us a fine place to sit.  Following that initial speedbump the service and experience was fantastic.
Mike, the owner came over to us and spent some time explaining Gennaro's and their concept.  He is also the owner of the famous Lombardi's Pizzeria in New York City which claims to be the first pizzeria in the U.S.  Evidently they were forced to close their Lombardi's in Rittenhouse due to a high rise development and when choosing a location for a new restaurant wanted a more neighborhood-y feel and turned down the notion of an East Passyunk setting.  They considered Deptford, NJ but instead chose their own neighborhood where he and his wife live.
He said the concept was for you to walk directly into a pizzeria out of the 1940's, not only in decor, but also in the cuisine.  The pizza is the exact style made at Lombardi's in the 40's, made to order by the whole pie with crushed tomatoes and mozzarella.  The desserts are homemade recipes by his grandmother(s) and the coffee is percolated Maxwell House.  Mike certainly knows how to push a concept in every detail, and it works.
The red pizza ($15) was delicious.  The crust was out of this world perfect, thin and crispy with that very very slightly well done/charred flavor.  The sauce was good.  For the white ($18 + $2-$3 per topping), I'm not even a big fan of ricotta but it was good too.  We also tried the olive plate and roasted red pepper plates.  They were pricy at about $9.50 each but also a tasty start to the meal.
Mike was kind enough to let us try small samples of the desserts.  They were out of the pineapple upside down cake but we tried "Grandmas Grace's Chocolate Cream Sponge Cake" and the "Famous Chocolate Wafer Ice Box Cake."  Both were very delicious and actually had the simple but decadently sweet feel of something my grandmom would have made.
We paid about $14 each for 2 apps and 2-3 slices of pizza each.  Beware: cash only and the rumors of $1 "corkage" fee per BYOB patron are true. But still, BYO is a plus.
In the end, I will return for the delicious pizza (especially the crust!) and the fantastic ambiance.  A great place to get a real pizzeria experience.every little detail is done to perfection. 
the interior is inviting, interesting and fun... you're in south philly...not pretensious philly, so you truly feel welcome.
the pizza is simply the best you will ever have, any where.
i tried the white pie and i could have eaten the whole, dreamy, ricotta cheesy thing.
i also tried the plain tomato pie and it's beyond perfect.
friends had the pepperoni/sausage pie and just said wow the whole time. i ordered this pie for take out and drove in the snow storm friday night to get it. snow wouldn't keep me from getting this gift.
bring your own wine or beer or have the chocolate egg cream soda like i did. omg it's good. then relax with a POT of coffee, such good coffee, and the pineapple upside down cake - the recipe from mike, the owners' grandmother. it even comes with whipped cream. go ahead, lick the plate-you can't help it.
or just order a plate with every desert on it as they are all beyond words.
thanks alot gennaro's...i can't eat pizza any where else now.Best traditional tomato pizza in Philadelphia.  It's not the typical tomato pie that you may think of, and it's actually thin crust with slices that hold their own weight when lifted.  The perfect blend of crushed tomatoes and fresh, smooth mozzarella make up the base.  We usually add mushrooms and pepperoni to complete the masterpiece.  The little pieces of pepperoni are perfect because they pack a power kick and are crispy, not soggy.  The mushrooms are also fresh and add great earthy flavor.
We've gone over a dozen times to enjoy this pie, and while it's a little out of the way, the trip is always worth it.  The first time we went as a big group, we got the chance to talk with Mike, who is super awesome and nice.  The excitement he gets when discussing the history of Lombardi's and Gennaro's is palpable, and he was nice enough to take photos with the whole group.
Recently, they have started making their pizzas more and more well done with char on the crust, so if this isn't your style, ask them to go light on the crust, and they will gladly accommodate.  
Service is spot on - always friendly and quick with drink refills.  This place is a little small, so just plan ahead if you have a big group.
BYOB but there is a corkage fee.
Prices are a little on the higher side - large tomato pie with 2 toppings about $20
Cash only.
Totally worth it!
Enjoy!We all know that pizza is a legitimate emotion, right up there with "happy" and "bleeding." It's like love, only better. 
Gennaro's Tomato Pie serves up the best no-hassle pizza in Philly. Things are simple here - Sit down, order a pizza, eat a pizza, experience the pizza. Every other comparable pizza place in the Philadelphia area will throw a curve ball at you. You'll either have to reserve dough ahead of time, endure an excruciating wait, or they might be sold out by the time you arrive. Bottom line - this is my favorite place to just go out, sit down, and have a damn delicious pizza.
The winning move here is the tomato pie with meatballs. The crust is delightfully thin. The sauce is full of tomato flavor with a tiny bit of sweetness. The cheese tastes delicious.
The sound system plays old timey music from the Jazz age/WWII era and it is great. The walls are adorned with WWII posters and the place just feels very comfortable. I can't recommend Gennaro's Tomato Pie enough. Go here and you will feel very pizza by the time you leave.
The desserts are pretty good. One large pie can sustain two adults. BYOB. Cash only.We live only 2 blocks away and after seeing about 3 other pizza places open and close on this corner of Jackson Street, we were a bit skeptical.  However, when we passed by on a Friday night and there was a line to get in, we knew this place wasn't going anywhere and that we had to try it.
So, last night, we grabbed a bottle of wine (it's a BYOB) and walked on over to Gennaro's.  When we walked in, we saw people waiting.  Because there were only 2 of us, we were seated right away.  The place is small, but extremely quaint.  The decor consists of framed photos from the World War II era.  I loved it.  There was an old black and white photo of a couple which I'm assuming are the parents of the owner.  There were also photos of the SS United States which I loved because it showed what the ship looked like in it's prime.  The tables were red with the silver metal trim - very retro and very adorable.
We found out that they charge $1.00 fee per glass for the wine which I thought was a bit crazy.  I asked for ice water and didn't get charged a $1.00 for that glass -so I'm still scratching my head on that one.  
The menu is straight and to the point.  We ordered the olive plate which consisted of a little variety of olives (black, Kalamata and green) and 3 slices of flatbread.  Up until this point, the hubby wasn't a huge fan of olives, but he loved the olive appetizer.  (I have to admit though, at $9.50, I did think the price was a bit high for olives - I would have charged maybe $6.50 or even $5.50).  
We ordered the large tomato pie with mushrooms.  It was huge!  As everyone else has stated, it is a thin crust and just out of this world!!  It was the right combination of mozzarella cheese and "gravy".  There were no grease puddles.  This pizza was dynamite!!  We almost ate the entire pie but wanted to save room for dessert.
For dessert, I got the chocolate sponge cake which, according to the owner's wife, was the owner's grandmother's recipe.  The hubs got the chocolate wafer ice box cake.  The chocolate sponge cake reminded me of the Tastycake Chocolate Junior but was WAAAAAY better!  I tried the ice box cake and it was creamy goodness.
The blonde waitress was extremely friendly - making sure to greet every customer and thanking them when they left.  There was also someone who had ordered a pizza for pick-up and it didn't look like it was her first time.    
All in all, this place is definitely one of the best places in Philly for pizza.  This corner of Jackson Street has finally found a permanent pizza shop.
(Cash only)