DUDE. I love Gianna's. The staff was really nice, the place is small but it's homey. AND THE FOOD. I love the food. I first went here when I was vegetarian, and until this day I hadn't had any veg product that had this much flavor.Warning: I haven't eaten here in a couple of years, so this review may or may not be helpful.  Also, I'm mentioning Gianna Jr's here since they're the same business and the Gianna Jr's thread is no longer relevant since that location no longer exists.
I've gotten vegetarian (not vegan) cheesesteaks delivered from Gianna Jr's a bunch of times and it is really awesome that the delivery guys travel so far by bike just to serve west Philadelphia :)
Their veg cheesesteaks are pretty good (or were good as perhaps indicated by other reviews) and are pretty big for the cost.  The consistency of the fake meat is different from most other places, especially China Town or places like Govinda's (Broad and South Sts), which I like.  I think they're trying to mimic real cheesestreaks as opposed to creating their own version, which makes sense since they also offer real meat in their menu.Gianna's has closed down.  *Sadface* :(  I will miss my Freebirds (vegan chicken steaks) and my GG Specials (vegan cheesesteaks)!!  At least I was able to bring my best friend from CA here during her visit in January when she was able to try the vegan pizza--it was the first time she had ever eaten anything resembling pizza in her life, and she loved it!3.5. really flavorful stuff, but what the heck happened on the way over to my house guys, did the delivery guy fall over and did the contents of my bag get run over, the taco box was smashed, the cheesesteak was a mess and the chili dog looked like it got stepped on. next time be a little more careful, it all tasted great though.5 stars all the way!!!  I love how Gianna's has your standard Italian fare yet they also have a veganized menu if you're coming with friends who have different tastes.  By no means am I vegan, but having recently given up dairy for health reasons this is huge for me and it makes it a lot harder for me to eat out and find something half decent, so I will DEFINITELY be back!Ok, loving the fact that when I wanna satisfy the taste for cheesesteak but since I don't eat meat I can get one that taste like the real thing and not some bland veggie version.  It's a dump inside like most pizza places, and the people that work there are so rude, it was a big turn off.  I'll just be getting delivery from there now on and not dealing with the clowns that work in there at the register from now on.I'm a Long Island pizza snob but I have to admit, when I lived in Society Hill, I looked forward to ordering from Gianna's.
Their eggplant parm pizza is sublime, I ordered that plenty of times.
On the whole veggie/vegan thing, I've heard that soy cheese retains too much heat and can burn the mouth. I'd be willing to test it now that I'm trying to eat healthier.This place has good cheesesteaks and a big menu.  Their pizza is also pretty decent.  They have a huge vegetarian/vegan menu with lots of good options.  Their large cheesesteaks are twice the size of most cheesesteaks so I usually only order the small one.  I've gotten pretty good service from the people there and it's great for a cheap and quick meal.Sadly, I feel the need to update my review.  The last few times I've been to Gianna's they haven't had any dessert :(  No dessert makes the baby jesus cry.  The food is still good, but the last time I was there they completely forgot about the pizza I ordered.  Also, the place is usually packed, but it was a ghost town this time.  I swear I saw a tumbleweed roll by.  In my original review, I forgot to mention how gross the bathroom is.  Hold it if you can.
I don't think I'll be going back for awhile.  From the looks of the other review, Gianna's is been disappointing quite a few people lately.  Hopefully they'll sort things out and go back to being awesome again.OK, so the vegetarian meatball sub is amazing but don't order it because 99.9% of the time they don't have it. On several occasions I've experienced some terrible customer service and the last time I was there they didn't have any of their vegetarian "meat." I live across the street from this place and only go when friends from out of town want a veggie cheese steak, which is good if you don't mind the attitude and potential contamination.Oh man, I've had more Gianna's food than most people in this world. My friend, the vegan, will drive here if we are even within a 50-mile radius of Gianna's. I swear. One time we were in Baltimore and he decided that was "close enough" and we came here. 
Sometimes this food is a bit too much for me, because they use that crazy cheese whiz-type stuff. But the pizza is OK and I'm willing to pack on 20 lbs. every time I eat here bc he loves it so much. His vegan favorites are the buffalo "chicken" sandwich and the soy cheese pizza. 
I did read a bunch of conspiracy theorists online who were saying Gianna's lies about being vegan. But trust me, I can definitely tell the difference between wanna-be cheese and the real thing. They ain't jokin' about it. All of the desserts are vegan, too, except for the ice cream. 
The restaurant itself is very bare bones as far as decor, but they have some pretty good/random concert posters and art work that looks like it was done by a 5-year old. Good location near South Street and the TLA.Thanks Erin F. for setting me straight. I called Gianna's thinking I was getting the place at 20th St, but apparently all orders are handled by the remaining location, so here are my unedited opinions:
"Uhh, if this place is closed who the hell answered the phone last night and delivered that pizza? Whoever they were did a bang-up job on my large pie with broccoli rabe.
They have a semi-chunky sauce (dangerously close to too heavy on the garlic) combined with a medium thickness crust with enough crunch for it all to play together nicely. The rabe was abundant, but not to the point of overpowering the pizza (which is a legitimate concern, that shit is pungent).
I'll have to order some wings next time to settle my internal struggle between Lazaro's and Gianna's."Whoa Rickina C., what exactly do you mean?
Anyway, Gianna's is alright.  Unlike most people, I've never had a negative customer service incident there.  In fact, I used to go in with my ex frequently and, when we broke up, the girl behind the counter actually noticed this and said something about her apparent absence during my visits.  There is something to be said about the employees of an establishment getting to know you like that.
But anyway, the quality of the food is not nearly as good as Govinda's, but I have to give it up to Gianna's because:
1.  I am sick and tired of every vegetarian restaurant in Philly being Chinese (that's not racist.  you know what I mean).
2.  Their menu selection is ginormous.  (Yes, "ginormous" officially became a word yesterday.)Gianna's mostly gets attention for its vegan sandwiches and desserts (both of which I'll get to) but you know the first thing that comes to my mind? The pizza. This is a pizza place where oddly enough the pizza is underrated. On the rare occasions where I can get a group to agree o to Gianna's for pizza I'm always delighted. The slices are large and filling without the supreme greasiness of my beloved Lorenzo's.
Of course I'm always more likely to get the vegan steak sandwiches. I like that these vegans know how to make their steaks bigger, wetter, and more intimidating than Jim's, Pat's, and Geno's. I especially love the BBQ GG and BBG Freebird, for those of you that like barbecue sauce and meandering Skynard songs.
These fine meals can be enhanced with their various types of munchies, especially the cheese fries and krabby fries.
The desserts are out of this world. I mentioned this before in my Govinda's review, but anything they can make with chocolate and peanut butter is absolutely worth gettingI just went here for the first time today and I was impressed. Due to a stomach that hates me, meat isn't in my diet anymore, and Gianna's makes that okay. I think it's awesome that you can sub fake meat for real meat and not get charged extra. The desserts didn't look that impressive, but I bought a cream-cheese brownie and it was pretty good. The vegan chili looks really good and I think that's going to be the next thing I try.I always passed this place thinking it was a meat eaters, gritty place, and was suprised to see that it actually wasn't dark on the inside and had vegetarian and vegan offerings. So it was happily surprising, even for an appreciator of both meat and fake meat, but it went downhill from that. 
First I see a highly patronizing, crabby sign that says  something to the degree of, figure out if you are a vegetarian or a meateater and order accordingly. And no, you can't return your sandwich if it's wrong. I don't understand how there are love notes to this place in loopy handwriting next to this sign. 
Then, the conversation with the  went like this with the underage cashier:
Me: what kind of cheese do you have?
Him: mozarella, cheddar, american, provolone, cheese whiz, vegan, etc.
Me: okay, I'll have cheddar on my gigi special (that's the vegetarian cheesesteak which btw, turned out sort of bland and I'm sure full of dye and chemicals.)
Him: oh, we're out of cheddar
Me: (thinking it was retarded of him to mention cheddar when they were out of it). Okay, American. 
Him: fine. drink?
Me: a water please
Him: oh we're out of waters too. Sorry!
Me: okay, a Sprite I guess.
Then I proceeded to order a vegan peanut butter cupcake, but it slipped out of my hands and crashed onto the floor. Because of the earlier sign and the ditziness of the cashier I didn't go back to get another, or even have the balls to ask for a free one - explaining my clumsiness. Then these kids (a demographic I normally love) are shaking the bench rowdily I'm sitting on and screaming with these oh so serene parents meanwhile. 
Alas, I will give this place another chance I suppose, because maybe I was just being a brat that day.Did Gianna's Grille always taste like licking the pelvic region of a Maine-coon-Cat  in the midst of a summer heat wave?
Perhaps my temporary bout with syphilis damaged my brain-stem, but I seem to remember the (not actually) vegan cheese-steaks being, get this, positively delicious and exciting--like unwrapping an unexpected jelly donut on christmas morning (it's a present; it's a breakfast, too).
Anyway, I ate at Gianna's for the first time since 2001 and-- predictably--the cheesesteak tasted like a sandy porkchop left to fester in a dusty crate of Ayn Rand essays. My mid-wife thought it was despicable, as well. "It used to taste so good!" she said. "It did," I said.
Have my tastes changed? Do I not like what I used to like? Rest assured that I spent my Friday evening with my squirter pressed to the pot.I finally found my favorite fake cheesesteak!!  Just like the real thing... I got the cheesesteak with whiz and onions, and the bun was even slightly mooshy/greasy, completing the sandwich.  
I realize that legit cheesesteaks aren't of the finest quality, but it's a flavor I miss the fake meat plus everything else perfectly replicated the real thing.. it's such a relief to have a go-to spot for a philly cheesesteak.
I also got the chicken cheesesteak, which was good, but I prefer govinda's.I have gone here numerous times in the past few years before going vegan and I have always loved the amount of options available for veg*n.
Last week was my first time there after becoming vegan, and I felt like I made a huge mistake. Most of the vegan menu is gone - the only real options were eggplant + 1 sandwiches, which are usually good, but not worth getting here from what I've heard.
I ended up getting the vegan GG special (vegan cheesesteak) and a slice of vegan sausage pizza to share with a friend, and to try out the pizza.
After only a few minutes, the food arrive - much faster than expected - but only to a substantial level of disappointment. The pizza had crispy protein bits and what seemed to be Betty Crockers Bac Os imitation bacon bits - a little trashy, IMO. Also, a real lack of vegan cheese was saddening.
The GG special also left a lot to be desired. Made in the blandest way possible, it made me start to think they were phasing out the veg*n portion of Gianna's.  The TVP was prepared all wrong and they must have had a shortage of vegan cheese because there was pretty much none on it.
To add insult to injury, my friend needed to use the the bathroom and noticed there was no TP so she kindly asked the girl at the counter for some. After saying there was none she went back to watching March Madness on TV.
As always, the inside looks a little scummy, but that seemingly guarantees that there is always seating available.I like Gianna's a lot. They have a great selection of things to eat on their menu- both vegan, vegetarian, and full of finger licking delicious meat! so basically I think it can be a crowd pleaser for any group.
The thing about gianna's that I think people forget is that it is a pizza and cheesesteak place- it ain't no swanky restaurant. The food you are ordering (while vegan) is still pizza joint quality. That being said, I think the quality is just fine. But if you aren't in the mood for a greasy cheesesteak- ordering a vegan one will not make it any better for you- it just means there are no animals involved. 
They make a range of YUMMY yummy ridiculously good vegan cakes/desserts that are served at other local vegan joints- to such an extent that they are actually out of them most often (but you can order them from their websites) you can also order your takeout/delivery online which is great. 
I guess what I'm trying to say is, Gianna's is a pizza joint- with vegan options- and they are delicious, but just because they are vegan doesn't make them healthy. The two are mutually  exclusive- but can overlap at times depending on what you get.
ie. french fries with soy cheese on them and a bbq vegan chicken cheesesteak is not going to be your fountain of health. 
just so we're clear i am so a fan of this place because i for one love an unhealthy vegan cheesesteak from time to timeThe mock-ribs on a kaiser made me see god (I don't know which one, but I definitely witnessed a higher power). This thing was exquisite, with a barbecue sauce that left me begging for more. Seriously, begging. My girlfriend lost some respect for whilst I consumed this meatless wonder. 
The mozzarella pizza fries were also fairly divine. This place has a massive menu of vegan desserts and meatless meat classics like the outsider-labeled "steak and cheese" (this is Philly for balls sake - it's a friggin' cheese steak!) and I plan on experience some more of their offerings soon.
Finishing the rib sammy right after work.
Not that I yelp from work. Because I don't.the service is rather hit or miss...the crab fries are always too salty although i tend to forget until after i've placed my order...the big buckets of soy meat are rather creepy...i say keep it simple, pizza or ice cream anything else is bound to disappoint...Gianna's is the BEST!! I come here pretty much every time I hit South Street whether or not I have time to hang around and eat whatever I've ordered--take-out is just as good :)  Unfortunately they don't deliver to Temple but I'm keeping that extra star because it is definitely worth the subway ride into the city!Oh Gianna's how I love thee, I eat here about once a week. Great for a quick dinner or lunch. They always have a good selection of vegan pizzas and a large vegetarian menu, which can be made vegan. Did I mention vegan desserts? Oh yeah, they've got those too.
I almost always get the roasted red pepper and artichoke pizza and vegan cowboy cheese fries. 
They've made changes to the interior recently which have made the place a bit nicer.I freaking love this place! I ate here twice when I visited Philly and ended up getting the same thing twice, the Veggie Hoagie (vegan of course). The second time around I had the Vegan cherry cheese cake...it tasted like the real thing, I was so impressed! 
Recently my boyfriend was on a business trip in Philly, I begged him to bring be back my beloved hoagie (and he did)...it still tasted amazing after traveling all the way to Chicago.  I heart Gianna's!!!Truly a paradise for vegetarians and vegans alike, Gianna offers cruelty-free versions of ALL your old favorites. Good vegan pizza and super tasty sandwiches feature their own homemade soy cheese, and the dessert menu is gigantic and yup, ALL vegan. How often do you vegans have to struggle to choose between an ice cream sundae, chocolate fudge cake, and boston creme pie? Even some of my omnivore friends have appreciated the good eats here, and it's absolutely NOT to be missed for the veg'ns!The only thing I really miss from my carnivorous days are Philly cheesesteaks (and yes, you can only get these in Philadelphia)...Gianna's makes a veg. version that is insanely delicious.    and the vegan cakes? yum.Man oh man if ever there was a time I wish I could give a half star it is this review.  I would totally give Gianna's 2.5 stars instead of 3 but I'm feeling generous and a little nostalgic.  I remember discovering Gianna's when it opened on Walnut Street many, many years ago.  I'm old folks, deal with it, I have.  It was such a rush to be able to order a vegan cheesesteak and get some vegan cake in the city of Philadelphia.  This was before it was old hat, back when a vegetarian had to scramble to find something he or she could eat on most menus.  I mean, I was in fat kid heaven.  Then they moved to 6th and South, which sucked for me at the time since I used to live in Fairmount and it was pretty close.  I kept visiting for many years and their menu kept growing and they kept me happy.  Then something happened (and I'm not referring to the non-vegan cheese they were "accidentally" passing off as vegan, though that did totally suck) and Gianna's just never recovered.   My last few visits have been absolutely awful.  
The place is straight up dirty now and the counter staff look gross and disheveled.   Was that your nipple I saw when I placed my order? Hmmm. I'm all for wearing what you want but hey keep your boobs out of my food please!  
I used to be in love with their pizza but lately the slices seem like crusty slabs of sadness.  Employee warnings, threats, schedules, etc. hang on the wall for all to see.  The prices have increased and the quality of the food has decreased.    The desserts went downhill once they started baking their own (many years ago) from what one may deduce as borrowed concepts from the previous desserts made by Vegan Treats. 
One thing that I will continue to credit Gianna's for is their bike powered delivery team. I see them all over and I've been there when they've gone out and come back in all while I was waiting on my order.  They are fast. 
Go back to your roots Gianna's, please!Really 2 1/2 stars, but not 3.  This was the most exciting part about my first trip to Philly before moving here.  There's very little veg options in Michigan.  But my visits have become less frequent, now only going when other veg friends are in town who love the idea of veg cheesesteak (and too poor for Horizons).
The pizza - it's really not very good at all.  I've gotten the vegan cheese pizza slices a few times, and every single time, the crust is dry like it's been sitting there for hours.  The toppings, when I've gotten them, aren't chopped into bite sized pieces, so don't really fit on top of a pizza well, and appear to be just thrown on after (they aren't stuck to the cheese).  The cheese is very sparse.  I see more sauce than cheese.  At first, I just figured it was a matter of more expensive ingredient - but they're charging more.  And I've just gotten irritated at this lack of concern for good food.
I do like the desserts.  And the steaks are ok.  My husband, an omnivore, says their meaty ones are ok - nothing special, not bad - but they're fairly large.
I find the staff, while never quite rude, definitely not friendly and don't seem to give a damn that someone is a paying customer.  It's definitely not a matter of "getting what you give," as I'm never rude, sometimes overly considerate and apologetic if I'm taking more than a few seconds.  I just think it's their personalities.
I think they're just resting on being the cool, hipster joint for vegans.  It's a novelty at first, but they need to back it up with better quality.The burgers are fantastic as well as the cheese streaks. never actually had the pizza. some things are a bit greasy but not a bad joint overall. However, i think they are closed. i passed by several times this week and never open.holy cannoli...the variety at this place is fantastic. tons of vegan and vegetarian items. vegan philly cheese steak....oxymoron? maybe but it tastes good!  Cant wait for my next trip to philly.Where do I begin. First and foremost, this may be the most unethical restaurant in America. Yeah, I know that sounded lame, but it is true. They used to claim to have "Vegan Pizza with cheese that melted". Well, back in 2004, they announced, "we no longer sell it. Too expensive". A few days later they announce, "oops! It's not Vegan". There were several days afterwards that were filled with lies by the owners about what was vegan, what wasn't, what used to be. Then, there was talk about where their cakes were made and who made them. Yet another "scandal". Needless to say, I have never been 
back since. 
About the owners. The owners were really, really, rude. Not even a "Philly style" rudeness. Just horrible people. Would belittle customers, give eye rolls, deep sighs. Why I even gave them a dime, I wish I had had better curage. 
About the food. The food was really quite bad. Their "GG Specials" the "vegan" cheeseteak was horrible. I made much better ones myself at home using Ray's Wheat Meat and dropping it in a skillet. 
They also had strange hours. Never knew when they would open or be closed. Just pathetic.Oh giannas, you sure cater to a fat vegan kids diet. This place is like mcdonalds to vegans and vegetarians- chili cheese fries (which one order can fill two people up), vegan burgers, vegan pizza and of course the gg special (veggie cheesesteak) and freebird (veggie chicken cheesesteak). I end my line at vegetarian, i can't stand vegan cheese- it has zero appeal to me. Like I've mentioned before, I like whiz terribly. I always get the constitution with my other half- you get your choice of freebird, gg special or the sausage one and a huge basket of fries for 10$. Even then we never fully finish the fries! I always take advantage of the oregano and garlic powder on the table to add to my sandwich and I love crabby fries vs. regular ones. 
I hate to love this place, but it's that fast food you crave and know you should be ordering a salad instead.Their pizza really, really sucks.
The only reason they're getting two stars is because they have once delicious and now mediocre but edible vegan cheesesteaks. Even that is barely a draw because I'm not a vegetarian/vegan and I can cook better vegan food than this.
Seriously, their pizza is fucking terrible. 
I've never gotten pizza from here with the crust cooked through.
Also, I once left the annoying "and a half" part off my address (next to a store front) because it generally confuses people, and the nutty hipster delivery kid really gave me shit for being off by half an address. What?
Needless to say I stopped ordering from here a while ago.Were you ever in a situation where your hanging out with one of your friend's freinds who claims to be a vegetarian or a vegan yet their 5'3 and 210 lbs, and all you can think is:
"My good God, If your a vegetarian, how the hell did you get so slobishly fat!?"
Welcome to Gianna's Grille, possibly the most deliciously unhealthy vegetarian dive restaurant that ever existed.  Vegetarian cheesesteak? Don't mind if  I do. Vegan cheesecake? You Bet!  
Don't worry the about calories, vegan food is practically synonomus with good health right?  Ummm.... yea.
This place makes my stomach breakdance. 
" CHEF! MORE VEGGIE CHESSE WHIZ!....... STAT!"Ok, from the onset it looks like any other pizza and steak joint, but there is a major difference....it is vegan/vegetarian.  The owners are really nice people and I really like their pizza.  They have many different types of pizza combinations to choose from.  I've never tried their steaks, but their desserts are decadent and fabulous.  Even though its vegan, its certainly not the healthiest food around, but it's fine to check it out once in awhile, I just wouldn't make a habit of eating here everyday.I am from out of town.  I was in Philadelphia about a month ago, and I had a chance to go to a vegetarian place for dinner.  I ended up choosing somewhere in Chinatown (see my review of Kingdom of Vegetarians), and I wished I had gone to Gianna's for the vegetarian cheesesteak.
A few weeks later, and I'm back.  So of course I insisted on going to Gianna's, because I've been vegetarian since I was 12 and I've never actually HAD a cheesesteak.  Oh my goodness, I am so glad I went.  It was delicious.  I kept things traditional and ordered a GG Special, with American cheese because the guy couldn't tell me what was "traditional" for a Philly cheesesteak.  (They were out of cheez whiz, I do know that much.)
It was delicious.  Not what I was expecting - I thought cheesesteak came in strips, not ground - but it was fantastic.  I could have eaten another one on the spot.  I got really excited by the sign that said "We Ship Cakes and Sandwiches Too" because I would have ordered one of EVERYTHING and had it shipped to me for later consumption, but the guy at the counter didn't know anything about it and the website turned out to be only cakes.
I don't know about the casein debacle here, I'm ovo-lacto anyway so it doesn't affect me.  All I know is, Gianna's makes a GREAT vegetarian cheesesteak.  I can't wait to come back and try the other offerings!Sorry to tell you, they are gone, closed, kaput.
Fun while it lastedGianna's is a great place to find vegan guilty pleasures. The hoagies & sandwiches are ridiculously huge, and kind of make your stomach hurt (in a good way). The pizza also hits the mark, though I've been less satisfied with the cakes. If you're looking for vegan philly cheesesteak, this is it, and your omni friends can get whatever they want too.My first experience with Gianna's was when I was staying in Philly and got  cake delivered. This was great because I get very excited when cake is vegan and it was pretty damn good. Also I didn't see where it came from.
Then I went to the actual place to eat and my perception changed a bit. The restaurant is not a pleasant place to be. It's scuzzy and there aren't many seats. Everything looks dirty and I was told by my friend to avoid the restroom since it was pretty gross.
That didn't stop me from going back however because sometimes I really crave pizza and at Gianna's I can get it. I do have some complaints with it though. It's wonderful that they make a Sicilian style vegan pizza but there isn't nearly enough cheese on it. It's more crust and sauce with little sections of cheese which I save until the very end and savor. When I make pizzas for myself at home, I take the time to thinly slice a block of soy cheese so everything is covered in wonderfulness. It's a pain yes, but really not that hard to do. 
I don't have any complaints about the cheese fries. The cheese melted and there was plenty of it and fries galore and it worked. 
Even though I don't like being in Gianna's I'll definitely stop back when I'm in the area. I can't really pass up the opportunity for a big piece of cake on the way back to catch a train. I don't think I'd go out of my way to eat here though.My friends forced me to go here a few times back in high school.  I wasn't vegan then.  The pizza was okay but not great.  The sandwiches were pretty dry and gross.
The desserts were awesome but they order them from somewhere.  Maybe Lotus Cake Studio like New Harmony and Kingdom?
I haven't been back to eat in a few years (the whole casein thing scared me away as well).  I'm sure it's still the same greasy hole in the wall.  Good  for that junk food craving but, then again, I never was a big pizza fan.I like the easy going almost dirty atmosphere of giannas sometimes.... tonight it was completely disgusting. My food was not good and 3 hours later im still feeling ill. Two years ago I loved Gianna's but something has changed. I miss the old gianna's.Just thinking of Gianna's Grille makes me feel like a teddy bear that has been stuffed to near bursting with soy cheese product.  I have a dairy allergy, so this is the only place I can go to get a slice.  I think it's yummy.  I really like the fake chicken sicilian pizza, which is like a 27 million on the carb-o-meter, but delicious nonetheless.  The deserts also make me happy because none of them has any dairy.  They are a little too rich for me so I only tend to eat a couple bites.  That's just fine by me because sometimes that's all I need.
My absolute favorite thing to order from Gianna's is the chicken parmasan (real chicken) with soy cheese.  I get the best of both worlds.  The chicken is almost unfailingly moist and thick with a nice crisp breading and tangy, tasty sauce.  It's huge, though, which means I have lunch for the next day too.
I'd rather order than eat in because the ambiance is similar to any regular South Philly pizza joint, all brightly lit and badly decorated and it's filled with annoying vegans with their copious quantities of patchouli.I have been eating here on and off for the past five years. Gianna's offers tasty food and terrible service. The restroom looks like a stadium bathroom after a triple overtime Eagles loss to the Cowboys. 
         If my rating was based solely on the food, I would give Gianna's four stars because their vegan food is usually pretty good and they come up with interesting combinations for pizza toppings. The vegan tomato pie with vegan beef and garlic is fantastic. That being said, it's hard to overlook the fact that you are normally treated like a hindrance instead of a customer. The restaurant could also use a thorough visit by Mr. Clean.
     All in all, Gianna's Grille is an OK place to grab a slice after a night out, but not great for much else.As most of my other reviews have indicated, I'm a veg. The veg food here is alright. I don't like the faux chicken and beef that they use on their cheese steaks and other various sandwiches. They look like little pellets of grossness. I don't eat tons of fake meat, but when I do, I want it to be something I can bite into... not pellets of bunny poop.
Over their sandwiches, I like their pizza. Their vegan pizza is actually pretty good.
Overall, Gianna's isn't horrible. There's a lot that I don't like about them, but I'll go there if it's close and everyone else wants to go. 
Honestly though, I'd go to Govinda's. It's worth the extra few blocks to walk to Broad & South for their MUCH better chicken cheese steak. And they are ALL veg, unlike Gianna's. 
Gianna's also used to pretend to call their fake cheese vegan, when in reality it had casein in it. This also pissed me off. It's been fixed since then, but I don't like how deceitful that seems. 
Also, they're ripping off Vegan Treats recipes with their vegan cakes, and they're ok, but they are not the real thing. These things just seem kinda crappy to me. They're just trying to sell more stuff, which is the purpose of business, but it's not with any heart behind it.2 friends from out of town wanted to go here because they saw the place on a food TV show. We showed up and were shocked at what a dump the joint is. Filthy, rag tag dilapidated chairs. And worse yet, the staff was just a bunch of bitchy hipsters. Seriously, they made us feel SO unwelcome that we left and went somewhere else. I would never go back to this place.The vegan "steak" smelled like rancid peanut butter, but the texture was alright. The bread was soft -- that was my favorite part. The fries were nothing special.
I like the posters, the staff-written notes and random papers.. but I don't think I would ever come back here.I ate here a year ago (when I had been in Philly for the weekend), so maybe this isn't entirely accurate, as people seem to be hating on the place as of late.
But, during my brief stay in the city of brotherly love, I found this place on a random iPhone search for "vegan."  Walking around the South St. section, I stumbled here and was immediately impressed by one extremely novel idea:  having both vegan and "normal" versions of all the food.  Nowhere in New York City is this idea as well represented as it is at Gianna's.  So perhaps for that, I'm already biased towards this restaurant.  A place that would satisfy the taste buds of all my friends after a night of drinking is missing in my life, and knowing that it's readily available to the denizens of Philly makes me secretly jealous .
The food itself wasn't necessarily amazing, but it was certainly tasty in the way that only pizzerias or diners can deliver food.  The "cheese" fries and vegan cheesesteak were particularly impressive. 
I've been meaning to get back here for a long time and I can only hope that the recent negative reviewers are merely disaffected and spoiled by having such a cool place nearby.Came here while on tour with my band and ate the Vegan Philly Cheesesteak... I had an orgasm. 
I am a complete omnivore and have never had a better cheesesteak before, whether it be carne or vegan.I am a staunch non-vegetarian/vegan - I have no qualms about eating the first bloody slab of animal you set before me or guzzling down milk. However, most of my friends don't share my carnivorous love, and I was dragged, rather reluctantly to Gianna's.
What a surprise. I didn't even realize I was eating vegan! I was especially pleased with the desserts. In the past, when I had tried vegan cookies or cake, they were dry and brittle. However, I had a slice of the "Oreo" Chocolate Mint Cookie Crunch, and I was hooked - it was so rich and creamy and delicious, I couldn't believe it was dairy-free. The main menu also includes many meat options, which was great - I loved being able to find a place that could cater to both me and my vegetarian friends. It's a casual little place, right off of South Street, and I'll definitely be back.Though this is listed as veg*an, there is meat a'plenty on the menu, which probably causes all the questions, which have obviously spurred a snarky sign by the door indicating that you will not receive a refund for meat you have ordered by accident, which unfortunately makes you want to ask more questions so you don't accidentally order meat!  We appreciated the funny vegan t-shirt on the guy cooking the day we were in.  It made us trust him.
The vegan stuff is right up front, and you will not have to feel cast aside.  It looks like a dive from the outside, and I wasn't sure my partner who prefers upscale would go for it.  He trusted me, however, and entered and was wowed by his vegan cheesesteak.
Most people seem to come here for takeout, not the ambiance, understandably, and I was warned sternly to avoid the bathroom by my bf.  Can't understand criticism of the pizza. It was fresh and light and tasty. Next time I will go for the vegan freebird, per all of your recommendations.  Wish I could have brought some of these sandwiches home for all of you wise asses who diss soy cheese without ever having tasted it.  Do not fear!  Even if you don't like it, your heart valves will be safe.  I've seen advanced heart disease, and it is not pretty.  Would I eat a pack of soy cheese solo?  No.  But mixed up with these steaks, it is a clean, lovely, and delicious blend of flavors.
Btw, I have begged to go here for years; it fell on deaf ears, so thank you BF for embracing my suggestions.Vegan "Cheesesteak" - it's an oxymoron I know but we had to check it out! One of those things us veggies must deal with everyday is the lack of good "non-meat" institutions like the Philly Cheesesteak. Gianna's was a recommendation from a vegan so we had excitement in our step as we walked towards the little hole in the wall. Very small inside with a few tables to sit and eat. We ordered the GG and the Vito to share with a side of Pizza Fries (non-vegan). The cheesesteaks are filled with TVP that is very tasty and seasoned to taste like the real thing. However, I found it very salty. The other disappointment was there weren't any toppings...no lettuce, tomato or onion and we asked for lettuce and they charged us .50 cents for old crappy lettuce. That was a bit annoying. I mean really???? Charging for lettuce that was turning brown. The service was just lacking and it kind of ruined it for us.Even though I'm not a vege/vegan, I still really like this joint. A BBQ Freebird is a nice diversion every once in a while, and the veggie Hawaiian pizza is actually pretty darn good. I never had a problem with any attitudes from the staff, but I suppose you get what you give. I can't comment on the "real vegan or not" debate, as I simply don't care one way or the other, but its worth noting if you do, I suppose. I won't go out of my way to go here, but if I'm around, I'll try and stop by for a little snack of some sort.Just because Vegan food is not always easy to come by doesn't necessarily mean that I'll put up with a rude staff, a disgustingly dirty dining area, and the gross feeling that lingers in my belly all day after eating this junk.
When I first moved back to Philadelphia from a non-Vegan friendly area, I was like a kid in a candy store. However, my standards have been upped!
These are pity stars for the awesome cake.The staff is unpleasant and most of the (vegan) food just isn't that good. They do serve decent vegan cheese pizza, but they are skimpy with the (Teese brand) cheese.When vegetarian/vegan food and fake meat were hard to find, this was THE place.  In high school, we'd come to the city just to go to Gianna's.  Now, I never think to go there.  Every once in a while, I get the urge for a Buffalo Freebird, but then the thing comes to me all soggy and messy and I have to hide in a corner to eat it so that no one will see me with food all over my hands and face.  Gianna's is the only place I know of where you can get a vegan hotdog (besides the grocery store, duh), so I've sprung for that a few times, but it's like $3 or something, and you're done eating it in 10 seconds.
The pizza isn't very good, but I was tricked into liking it for a while because one of my only struggles as a vegetarian is the sweet memories of pepperoni pizza.  But at Gianna's, the pepperoni is all crumbled up and it falls right off the slice.  Weird and not satisfying.
Still, I give Gianna's three stars for representing, and for the joy I get out of my annual buffalo freebird.I stopped in here because it's the closest pizza place near me, and I love the pizza. I've had a chicken cheese steak here as well, which was really good. In my opinion, the pizza is better than Lorenzo's (I know, I know). The sauce is applied a little more liberally and it's a bit spicier. Another cool thing is that they are one of a growing number of pizza joints that let you order from their website (http://www.giannasgrille.com/). 
If you decide to eat in, it's a fairly small but decent seating area with about 4 tables that seat 4 (give or take).I go to Gianna's for the Eggplant Parmesan sandwich -- the whole thing, from the fresh-fried eggplant to the real garlic in the marinara sauce makes it one of the more home-made sandwiches experiences you're likely to encounter. 
 I guess I was always too glassy-eyed with hunger to notice whether the service was any good or not. I give Gianna's props for the adventurous menu and home-made ingredients.I LOVE Gianna's.  They have meaty, vegetarian and vegan options for most of their food.  The desserts are all vegan, and fantastic!  I've sent/brought many of my friends there and they've always loved it too.
Definitely don't go here for healthy veggie food, rather awesome comfort food.  The portions are quite large, particularly the desserts.
The staff is friendly, despite what others have said.  There are typically only one or two people working behind the counter and I think they're just trying to get orders taken as quick as possible.
The crowd is an indie, punk, hippie mix.  Seating is limited.Oh, Gianna's.  As a former vegan, Gianna's used to be one of my favorite places in Philly.
Maybe I've grown up, maybe it's that I'm not vegan anymore, or maybe it's that greasy food makes me sick to my stomach- but I'm just not feeling it anymore.  It's not you, it's me.
I used to be a big fan of the GG Special (before and after the vegan cheese scandal.)  They also have amazing cake.  It's kind of a hole in the wall with a dirty bathroom, but that's part of the charm.  I have fond memories of the place, but there are better options out there these days.I hadn't been to Gianna's in a while, I used to like it. I went last weekend and the number of vegan options has been reduced greatly! I was shocked. They only had one vegan pizza (which didn't taste too good) and you could see a lot of the menu items had been taped over so they were no longer available. Their french fries are pretty good but that's about it. The customer service was terrible too, the guy working was so unfriendly and kinda rude. Won't be coming back!Mmmmm.... I'm a vegan, and so I love this place.  They offer the best selection of vegan cheesesteaks, pizza, desserts, and snacks in the city.  The staff is nice, the atmosphere is awesome with lots of autographed posters from bands that have eaten there, movie posters, and drawings by the owners' daughter decorating the walls.
Another upside?  They also sell non-vegan food!  You can get a meaty cheesesteak or a burger here too!  So if you have a vegan friend but you don't want to eat rabbit-food, this is still the place to go!Muh this place was okay. I love vegan pizza and so far the only place I could find it at was Whole Foods. It is only $1.99 a slice there and they use daiya vegan cheese instead of soy cheese. I decided to give Gianna's a try during my break last Saturday. I was really not impressed. For being made with soy cheese it was so greasy! I had to blot the crap out of it before eating it. I found it rather pricey. $3.25 for a piece of mediocre vegan pizza was not worth it. I may go back and try their other vegan friendly foods, but as far as vegan pizza goes, I will stick with Whole FoodsFirst off, I would have given this place a 2 or a 3 but they get 1 star for their rude, unhelpful staff (sorry, were we not hipster enough for you?) and fairly dirty interior. Seriously, would it kill them to clean? I'm surprised the health department hasn't been by recently. Trust me, I'm no stranger to divey places that are rough around the edges, but this place needed a serious cleaning.
Foodwise, three of us (all vegans) tried out Gianna's and we all thought it was only "okay". We ordered: 
- Chicken Run (vegan chicken salad sandwich)
- Buffalo Freebird (vegan chicken with vegan cheese and buffalo sauce)
- GG Special (vegan cheesesteak)
- vegan cheesy krabby fries
The Chicken Run and Buffalo Freebird were total disappointments. The "chicken" used was soggy, unseasoned TVP crumbles mixed with vegan mayo for the Chicken Run and a mediocre buffalo sauce for the Buffalo Freebird. I think the Chicken Run had a piece of lettuce in it but that's it for vegetables and no additional seasonings.
The GG Special was okay but kind of boring after a few bites.
The only thing that was really good was the fries, but frankly, I can get better fries and less attitude elsewhere.
Should have known not even to bother after the whole vegan cheese controversy awhile back as well as rumours of their staff knowingly serving meat to vegans. 
All in all, we were disappointed and annoyed and won't ever be going back.gianna's raises a some questions in me. like, why do i think "dogfood" when i am eating their vegan cheesesteaks? and, why do i get sudden and powerful cravings for them every few weeks? i don't really like eating here (they lied to vegans/lactose intolerant people for years about their "dairy free" cheese) but sometimes i just really need a huge gross vegan cheesesteak and nothing else will do.I will admit that I've never had an actual, meat-filled cheesesteak, so I'm not going to claim that these are better than the real thing. However, they're pretty damn good. The whole deal is as messy, sloppy, greasy, and delicious as I imagine it should be. 
I've only ever had the standard vegan cheesesteak there, though I did try my friend's chicken/mozarella/broccoli rabe sub (hoagie, whatever) and enjoyed it as well. However, greasy junk food isn't my favorite thing, so I enjoy this place more for the novelty than for what they offer. Still, I'd go back the next time I'm in Philly.
Also, their vegan dessert selection is gold!This place is a fat vegetarian or vegan kid's playground. 
It's also delicious for someone wanting great veggie cheesesteak options!
Out of Govindas, T-Moms, and an array of other places I'm pretty sure this is my favorite veggie steak and variations of it as well.
The BBQ Freebird is easily the best vegetarian option on the menu, the fake meat is a mix of TVP and something else the cook told me the owners won't even let the employees be privy to. It's got chopped up onions, a great bbq sauce, and always comes on super soft and delicious hoagie rolls. 
I got the constitution with my boyfriend, a nearly foot long veggie cheese steak with cheese wiz, PLUS fries, PLUS a drink... all for only 10 dollars. We couldn't even finish it. 
They also have vegan pizza which I haven't had in years, but I had it prior to the cheese scandal, so I can't say whether or not it's tasty or not. 
But yes, delicious junk food for both meat eaters and veggie eaters.It's only OK.  I go here when I want something fried and unhealthful.  I love their cowboy cheese fries, their fried mushrooms, and their loaded nachos.  Basically their appetizer/snack foods are yummy.  
The pizza is  bad, with real cheese or vegan cheese.  I once had their vegetarian burrito, and that was pretty bad, too.  Too few delicious black beans, too much weird fake meat.  Fake meat usually doesn't bother me, but this was...well it just wasn't right.  
The vegan baked goods are inconsistent, some are better than others.  In general, I'm not vegan at all, but I feel like if I was, I would want my desserts to be tastier than that.I'm not veg/vegan, but I always get a thrill out of trying the alternatives to "regular" foods. This weekend I went to Gianna's for the first time. I can't rate the service as my friends ordered the food for me while I stood watch over our seats. I don't remember seeing any welcoming faces as I passed the staff if that counts for anything.  
ANYWAYS. I had a slice of plain vegan pizza. I'd be happy to have it again, nice crust. I haven't liked any alternatives to cheese so far so I was impressed that this was very good (tho I can't vouch for how technically vegan it was). I'd definitely choose it over any chain restaurant pizza any day. Didn't even have to think "it's good...ya know..for vegan food". My friend had the chicken bbq vegan pizza. I normally hate that flavor combo but enjoyed the bite I had of that. It wasn't overpowering and sloppy which I think really made me enjoy it.
I also shared a piece of the vegan oreo cake. Oh goodness, I loved it! I personally despise most cake unless it is vanilla or a seasonal flavor. But it was like they made it just for me. The cake itself was moist and dense (I normally HATE HATE HATE chocolate cake). And the icing was creamy but not soft (another thing I hate about icing, call me crazy). I felt so bad because I kept pulling it away from my fellow dining companions!
My fiance had the vegan cheese steak w/onions. It looks like I won't be a vegetarian any time soon because I didn't really enjoy it. I wasn't expecting a cheese steak replica and it wasn't as though I gagged eating it. If it were in another form I would have wanted more. Just too mushy for my liking. Strange thought: it would have been better with rice than a roll.
I'm looking forward to going again and would be confident taking hardcore meat eaters with me. I doubt they'd find a reason to cry about it.The vegan desserts are awesome; the chocolate chip cannoli filled with peanut butter "cream" was rad as was the "cheese" cake. The "Philly Cheese Steak" is okay, obvs Gianna's is a good place to go if you're vegan and your friends aren't and they want a Philly Cheese Steak (with real meat and real cheese). Gianna's has a huge menu with enough greasy pizza-place food to satisfy everyone's (meat-eaters, vegetarians and vegans) fatty food cravings. I'm down with this joint but I do like the Pepper and "Steak" Sandwich at Govinda's Gourmet to Go better than Gianna's Philly Cheese Steak.Part of me does not want to give veg places (or those with lots of veg options) poor reviews because I want there to be more options.  But, after some thought, I think being critical of poor places will help create better options. So here we go. 
1. They've lied to customers consistently about the veganness of their cheese and then their ice cream. Flat out lied. Even if you are not vegan you can see the issue with business owners taking your money knowing full well that they are not giving you what they say they are. 
2. They are rude beyond belief.  Oh I'm sorry to be so bothersome while I give you my money. 
3. The cakes. They used to get cakes from Vegan Treats, the same bakery that supplies Govinda's, the vegan Chinese spots and all those places in NYC. But they always lied about where they got them. 'Our cousin makes them' or something similar.  They have not gotten the real thing from Vegan Treats in years, but still call the poor rip-offs they sell 'Vegan Treats'.  Who knows if they are even vegan!  
4. The food itself (I can only talk about the veg options) was pretty good five years ago, but as other places improved they have plateaued. I recommend Govinda's (South & Broad) for similar food.We got our food in 25 minutes which is much better than a lot of the other places around.  This place was ok for your standard pizza joint.  Ordered the broccoli-raab pizza with sausage which was pretty good.  Also got a chicken cheesesteak which was your run of the mill cheesesteak .  Nothing to write home about.Delicious vegetarian and vegan options.  Hate on philadelphia!
I would most likely eat here a few times if i lived near south street.This place has your average Philly cheese steaks, etc, Except that they have them with meat and vegetarian/ vegan. The mock meat foods are actually surprisingly good, I have been told by a meat-eater. Don't get me wrong, this is vege junk food, but a nice treat once and a while. They also have good, large, salads, and vegan baked good. Very cool place.I haven't been here in awhile(not sure why), and I don't remember the last thing I got, but this place has fresh awesome tasty-rific food!
--Update--
They Delivered all the way to my place in N. Libs...Way to go Giannas!!! Yum!!I really enjoy their vegan bbq chicken pizza.  It's great.  Everything else I could do without.  There are much better vegetarian options in Philly.  It's close to my school though so i'll occasionally stop by on a whim.I remember thinking while hogging down Gianna's: "This is too good to be true." And it was. 
When I found out in the early two thousands that Gianna's had duped us, well, you can imagine. I was angry because they were fakeedge. And I indirectly partook in that.
I want to warn others in case the owners decide to ever open another establishment that the female portion of that duo is despicable. She yelled at me that I had to shut the bathroom door right after I came out of said door. It was no where near the tables, and I always believe in keeping public bathroom doors open a bit so fellow patrons do not have to guess and/or knock. (We all know that poop is another story.)
The owner's announcement embarrassed me. Instead of just closing that door herself, she decided to degrade me because I was a threat to her. When she made that announcement, guys noticed me even more. Her vengeful plan backfired, and opened this door of review for me.
As John Joseph, a true vegan, sang, "Revenge, revenge is sweet."delicious vegetarian food and they deliver!
this is THE HOME of the vegan cheese steak!
Philly shreds!!!!!!!!!!!!Let me preface this with two important notes: 1) I'm a filthy, filthy meat eater, and 2) I've been working on South St for over a year.
The cheesesteaks are fairly average (say what you want about Jim's or Steve's, the only steak really worth talking about in Philly is from Dalesandro's.  Just about all the others are made from the same tasting rolls and same tasting meat.  At least they're huge here.  Which reminds me, why doesn't Gianna's cut their steaks?  I guess it's their signature but I'm sure they'd waste a lot less plastic knives if they just cut everything.  They'll do it if you ask, of course.)  The pizza is good, but only if you order an entire pie.  The slices sit out for way longer than I'd recommend.
If you skip past the things Gianna's should be famous for, the rest of the menu is pretty good for a carnivore.  The Messy Mary is their impossible to hold burrito dumped in a more manageable roll (God I miss the Joint.)  The Flying Buffalo chicken sandwhich is hot and crispy and bigger than the other buffalo chicken hoagies you can get in the area.  The chicken parm is good, and just as huge as everything else.  Thumbs up on the Cheesy Krabby fries, as well.
I also applaud their gigantic, sprawling menu.  They continuously add new items without throwing away the old ones, which is important to me because I'm pretty sure I'm the only person who ever orders the Hog Wild Fries.  Some days I just want ranch dressing, fries, bacon, and cheese, hipster stares be damned.
Earlier I mentioned I work on South because I disagree with just about everyone else about the service.  Some of the people who have worked there got frazzled during busy times, and some of them definitely have their quirks (telling me my sandwich will be ready in eight minutes and seventy-three seconds is not as cute as you think it is), but they also have some great people on the counter and on the grill.  It's hard to attract good employees in this area, and dealing with tourists and teenagers every single shift definitely takes its toll on you.
Bottom line--if you don't care about vegan politics, it's a great place to hit up for lunch.  Big portions and reasonable prices.I like the fake meat sandwiches they have here.  I don't live in Philly so I don't really know where the best one is, but this place is kind of solid.  It's pretty nice that they deliver. 
One time I got a Fighting Dog with whiz and I thought I was going to have a stroke because it was too salty or gross or something.  Last weekend I got a regular vegan one with provolone and it was fine.  The subs are kind of too big and I felt stuffed for like 10 hours after I ate it.  I guess that is a good deal then.  My friend ate one and also a cheeseburger or something.  I don't know how he did it.  
I also heard the mozzarella sticks at this place are crappy.