Went in to try the bakery out. Hubby ordered a gourmet sandwich and it was amazing. I ordered cupcakes, pineapple upside down cake, sweet potato pie, and cheese cake. I enjoyed all of the desserts however, the icing had an unusual flavor. It should be tweaked or just use regular icing. Overall great experience. I will definitely return in the near future.I order a cake for my son's birthday. Everyone was very nice and friendly. The cake decorator met with us to discuss options for a cake. My son settled on a S'mores cake. It was delicious. All the kids loved it!Taste like home made, which it is just made in the store.  The staff is friendly and knows what they are doing.  My sister turned me on to Gilben's so whenever I am in town I will stop by for a quick snack or a cake to take home.Delicious sweet too much to choose from. The cakes and pies are delicious and the prices are reasonable. The po boy sandwiches are to die for and are scrumptious.  They are very filling and can be shared.Almost as good as New Orleans  or better. The service is great and wonderful people that work there give great service.this is the best place if you want to try some really good turkey wings or short ribs that melt in your mouth and some of the best home made cakes, pies and cookies try giben's bakeryFish sliders are AMAZING considering they are only $6. I've never outside of my own cooking had fish seasoned so perfectly. The pound cake was also great. Will definitely be visiting this place often.This was probably the best Po'boy I had since visiting family in Marrero, Louisiana. There was nothing Po about the sandwich, it was loaded with shrimp and the sauce was to die for. 
The service was prompt and the food was made fresh to order. We ordered several desserts, the lemon cake was super moist and tasty, my son loved the strawberry cheesecake and the strawberry cake with the layers of cheesecake was out of this world;)) 
Thank you;))Omg Gilbens bakery is THE BOMB! From the Po' boy's to the sliders to there amazing baked goods!!! 5 stars for customer service as well!A bakery you can count on for delicious sweets and food! I love this cute bakery. It's warm, bright and neighborly. 
There's plenty of sweets to choose from like sticky buns, cinnamon buns w/cream cheese, pound cake, danishes, assortment of cakes and cheese cake flavors, cookies and cupcakes. 
Then there's the food. For breakfast, they offer sandwiches and chicken & waffles (I need to try). For lunch, there's sliders, po' boys and more. Just Scrumptious. Great for breakfast, lunch and dinner. 
The service is very friendly, reasonable prices and a good flow of patrons.Periodically whenever Im in philly I don't mind getting take out at this restaurant ! This is my second time visiting this Bakery & I have to say this time I waited  over a 1/2 hour to get my food. You can expect to wait sometime evening if you order pick up on a Sunday afternoon around 2:30pm after church traffic . The first time I got food I ordered Curry chicken platter and cabbage and rice , it was good but all the dish had a lot of sugar in it evening the curry chicken. This time I got salmon with crab meat and collard  greens and mac & cheese . I hope it taste as good as it look !Awesome Awesome Awesome... great food, desserts and customer service.. EVERYTHING I've had here is good.  The staff is very friendly and will explain patiently if you have any questions. They even have some sugar free items. Hope they will be around for a while.I went to have a cake made for my anniversary. The cake was beautifully decorated. I mean it looked so close to the picture. My issue was the way they did the layers. If you're going to do a layer cake then do it correctly.  They cut the cakes in half to make the layers instead of stacking an entire cake on to another. Not cool!! Who does that??!!!??? Disappointed does not even begin to explain the look on my face when we cut the cake. For the price I paid, they could have made it the right way.The platters they sell on Sundays are delicious. I wish I could have taken a picture of my food but it was so good that I couldn't wait to eat. I've had the fried shrimp, stuffed salmon and fried chicken platters. Each time I was not disappointed. There sides are delicious as well. There food taste like your grandmother or aunties are in the kitchen cooking. This is definitely my to go spot after church on Sunday.I absolutely love Gilbens Bakery it's not your typical Bakery. They have the best pastries desserts yes but they also have healthy salads as well as comfort food. I eat there at least three to four times a week I can't get enough of the seafood sliders. I would recommend them to everyone.Food is AMAZING! If you're looking for a good breakfast/lunch spot with yummy treats this place is it. I highly recommend the shrimp and cheese grits- shrimps have so much flavor, the cheese grits are to die for.  The fish and grits are so on point. The croissant, bacon, egg and cheese sandwich is perfectly made. The croissant is flaky and big enough to hold the sandwich together without falling apart. Honestly, you can't go wrong here and the best part is it's black-owned and operated. LOVE GILBEN'S!!!This is a neighborhood gem!  I LOVE their Sweet Chili Chicken Po Boy. Or any of their Po boys really, but that one is my favorite so far. It's so flavorful and delicious and it comes on GARLIC BREAD! SO GOOD! 
Also their Cream Cheese Cinnamon Buns are AMAZING!
I love that they are black owned and very professional. I wish they were open later on the weekdays (they close at 7pm) and on the weekends (even eariler, closing at 5pm on Saturday). And closed on Sunday.  That's prime money making hours.  Lol.
I wish them the best with their business and I will be a frequent customer.Love the food here ! The fish sliders ?? Omg y'all have to try them . Everyone is so nice as well . The customer service is great and it's definitely a hidden gem in the mt airy area !I had the pleasure of getting lunch and 2 pastries from here on 10/16. I order the po boy fish sandwich, it was a little too salty for me, however there was a hodgepodge of flavors and it was very filling. My apple turnover was not something I would order again. The presentation was beautiful however the pastry itself was dry and bland while the filling was gooey and overly wet. Now the best part was the cinnamon roll with walnuts! This was some kind of YUMMY, I will be a returning customer based on that alone. Very colorful clean space, staff was polite, good flow of customers.So I heard that Gilbens was a former employee of denises bakery in north philly so I thought he must be good. Well, I was so wrong. I will drive the extra 30 minutes to Denise bakery. I had red velvet and pound cake and it was nasty and dry! I wasted my 8$. SMH.Love this place don't love they messed up my order, left out some toppings, not enough sauce, didn't cut the sandwich and had the nerve to leave it open ALL exposed for other folk to breathe on, reach over you get the point. How about keep the container closed until the person whose order it is is called. Or better still leave it closed and let me open it! Bad hygiene...  I know not enough sauce or cheese because I saw other people's po boy sandwiches. Sooo what's up with that? 
Food is good and they are very nice and friendly they just need to be more mindful of consistency and changing that open container  rule. I started to say something but why you never complain or ask for another order hurts people's feelings.The food at Gilbens is awesome,
Shrimp poor boy, fish and grits,
Fried Salmon, Lima beans, chili,
Chicken noodle soup need I say more.The soul food was delicious. I had the rib platter with candid yam and Mac and cheese! Yum Yum!! The desserts looked good and tasted very good!!!The portions were large.
It was well worth the wait!!First off I got the buffalo chicken po'boy...it was by far one of the top three things I've eaten since living in Philly! 
The first thing you notice about the bakery is the wonderful aromas coming from it. You can smell the spices coming from the kitchen. The next thing you see is the beautifully made deserts. They had everything from pineapple upside down cake (one of my favorites), to strawberry crunch cheesecake.  I ordered peach cobbler and the strawberry crunch cheesecake. The cobbler was decent but the cheesecake was fantastic. 
Going back to the po'boy. The whole sandwich is made in a garlic bread roll which literally changes the game. My wife ordered the shrimp po'boy and it was delicious as well. By far one of the tastiest sandwiches I've had thus far!Today I had the best fish hoagie I have ever had. My go to is usually Sister Muhammad's or Bizini's, but this one blows the other two out of the water. It was a fish po boy. The remoulade was delicious, the bread was soft and delicious; it was perfect. This was my first time here, but definitely won't be my last.The Whiting is Very Tasty and  the Sliders r Yummy to my Tummy. The Cheesecakes r as Good as They Look.I always experienced friendly customer service at Gilben's. I go there for the fish po'boy with fried onions. Husky sandwich.Wow this place is a little slice of heaven in a culinary desert.  I work near by and was super excited to hear about this place opening.  Have picked up lunch twice and both times the food was exceptional.  Fried fish blt slider and shrimp po'boy-to die for!  And the bakery items...mouth watering and delicious!!!    Every time I go there are new items added to the menu.  This white girl can't get enough of the comfort food served with love from Gilben's.   The staff is so sweet!  Overall just a great experience.   Sorry I won't be around all summer to enjoy, but my waistline isn't.   See you in September!!!Stopped in here yesterday at the recommendation of a friend. The staff was pleasant and friendly. Gilben's was not completely foreign to me as I drive by this place every week on my way to my barber, but I never went inside. Yesterday all that changed. I ordered the shrimp po boy and fish sliders. OMG! The shrimp po boy was delicious. Fresh ingredients, buttery garlic bread, sautéed onions, cheese and special sauce. The garlic bread and special sauce are the kicker. The fish sliders were good as well. Made with fried whiting with lettuce and tomato on a soft bun. I added a little hot sauce when I got home to make them perfect. The cheesecake was amazing too. Soft and creamy. I opened the container just to take one bite, but I couldn't stop eating it. I will definitely be back and will recommend to others also.Today I got a recommendation to try out Gilben's Bakery. I was told the baked goods as well as the soul food was amazing. I was pleasantly surprised to see this new place in my area. It was clean, professional, and the service was fast. The food was also really good I got baked macaroni and cheese BBQ wings and yams.Wait is over an hour. Food is ok but not worth the hour plus wait! They also pick and choose who gets their food first. I saw people who came in after me receive their food while I was told mine was not ready. Finally I get food and go home to realize they have me the wrong items. After waiting over an hour I had to drive back to the store. No apologies. Not worth it!Yum, the pastries were really good.  The walnut sticky buns were amazing.  Unfortunately only one guy working on a Saturday morning, felt bad for him.  The food at this place is legit.Gilben's bakery is an absolute gem. The delicious cakes were only rivaled by the excellent customer service they provided. They accommodated my order of 2 cakes with less than 24 hours notice. The cakes were a huge hit and folks have been raving about how good they were. If you are in my airy and looking for great service from a black owned business Gilben's is a must. I will be back to try their food which looked great as well. I'm prob going to get the shrimp po'boy.My husband and I went to this place because we wanted to support and we heard the food was good. We bought so much food and multiple desserts since, as I stated, we were looking to support this business. While we have heard people who love this place, we were not so fortunate. We are careful in watching what we eat at times but we wanted comfort food and Gilben's absolute delivered. We just could not ignore the amount of salt that we tasted. Everything was really salty. We decided to give our food to friends who didn't mind it. We moved on to the bakery items but those were not to our liking either. The items were very sweet. I have been baking for over 20 years and I am really critical about baked goods and having a perfect balance. 
As I mentioned, there are those who really love their food. If you are not sensitive to sweet or salty, this will be your cup of tea. Portions were large and they have a great selection of things. I wanted to love them and will still shop there for others.Shrimp po'boy is to die for. Make sure you add the onion and cheese toppings. A bit messy but well worth it! We will be ordering again.What a hidden gem!! We stopped here last weekend on our way back from New Jersey. Only three customers allowed in the store at one time. All orders need to be placed online. There was a steady line the entire time we waited for our food. I really wanted to go inside to checkout the bakery items, but it was always at capacity. The cheesecakes I could see through the window looked amazing. 
There are about ten different po' boy options and I was overwhelmed! All of the subs are served on garlic bread which has a light toast from the grill top. The garlic bread takes it to the next level! Soft and chewy on the inside, crunch on the outside and doesn't overpower the shrimp. 
There are so many components going on within this sandwich, but it all works. The shrimp are plump, the seasoning isn't overpowering, the scampi sauce, onions, lettuce, tomato....hands down one of the best po' boys I've ever had. 
Can't wait to come back and try something new! With a piece of cheesecake. 
Make sure you have plenty of napkins.So when your husband calls you to ask you would you like a sandwich for lunch from a bakery it kind of make you pause.  I did but I went with it anyway. I'm glad I did to a degree. I had a choice of a shrimp or fried salmon po' boy sandwich. It was really good, packed with fresh fish fresh ingredients I mean it was totally packed and worth the money. The only problem is the sandwich was way too salty. I wouldn't be able to come back to this restaurant to order the sandwich again as I have high blood pressure. If I  didn't the sandwich would surely send me into a high blood pressure frenzy. 
After eating the sandwich I read other reviews and it seems to be the common thread regarding the salt. I hope that someone will tell the owners in person to cut back on the salt or read yelp!Allow me first to say that I am not big on reviews, but this one is necessary. I do my absolute best to support black business and this one tends to be an epic fail. The first time we ordered from there they were out of the majority of what we ordered. We assumed it was because we ordered an hour before they closed and let it be. They told us it would be done in 15 minutes and we got to the bakery in about 25 minutes and then waited another 30 minutes for the food. We ordered again from there through the website for a second time, the food was great but it took 2 1/2 hour. We gave it another chance thinking the third time would be a charm ordering from the website again. Unfortunately this time it took more than 3 1/2 hours to get our food all to have 1 of our 2 meals missing and the one meal to be soggy and cold. I called about this and they were accommodating and offered a refund and a couple desserts since they were about to close by time we got our food. 4th order was ABSOLUTELY delightful and I was happy they were getting it together, and to make a note we ordered through DoorDash that time as the restaurant suggested. Today we ordered again through DoorDash... got a scheduled order for between 5:30-6pm... the DoorDash driver texted me and said they'd been sitting at the restaurant for 20 minutes and then canceled the delivery and they gave us a new driver... the restaurant calls us after the cancel to say that they were out of a side and offered a few different options that we decided to take... REMIND YOU WE PUT THIS ORDER IN AT 12pm and didn't want it until 5:30-6 thinking we are getting ahead. Anyway, our food didn't come until 6:30PM... Long story short, the food is good when you can get what you ordered and on time, however we've decided to no long support this business.I just had a fish hoagie from there. It was absolutely delicious. The prices aren't bad either.The food is absolutely delicious!  The Po' Boy sandwiches are addictive! I can't resist the Sweet Potato Cheesecake! 
Very friendly staff. 
(I deducted a star because they do not open at 7:30am as advertised.)Food was delicious. We ordered Fried shrimp po boys and fried salmon po boys. Food was hot and bread was toasted and not soggy. The bread was also buttered with garlic (tasty) and the sauce they used was also tasty. I will be ordering againThe food is good and the cakes delicious. The staff very friendly. I especially love the shrimp po boy and the shrimp and grits.This is one of my favorite place that I can think of everybody is pretty friendly I like how many places where people know you by your name that's mean that take the time to know everybody that come into that place of business that's a good lookThis place is AMAZING. Customer service was great. The food was fresh. i had a sweet chili shrimp Po boy, my husband had a shrimp scampi and my son had a salmon. Every single one was perfect. The portion was perfect. It was cooked to perfection. I have no complaints about this place. i hope they stay in business for generations to come. This is the type of black owned business we need in the community. Thank you to the owners and chef for their awesome service. We will be back!I devoured the fish hoagie.... Hindsight says I should've taken a picture of it, but it was gone in 60secs. I'll be sure to get a picture of it the next time I'm there. (This review should speak for itself) Thee End!The fish hoagie is amazing!!!! I got it with no lettuce or tomatoes, added sautéed onions, cheese and the special sauce. I can't even really put into words what happened in my mouth!!!! The flavors of the garlic bread, fish and sauce was pretty spectacular. It was a huge sandwich. I was whining because they don't have fries. The lady said you don't need any with this. That was the truth it's a huge hoagie. I don't live in Philly but when I come I will make a stop here every time!!!!!!
I also got a slice of pound cake. I haven't had milk in over 20 years but when I was eating this cake I wanted a tall glass of cold milk. I could have even went for some vanilla ice cream.  It was a huge piece and the crustEverything that I've had from here was great. My favorite is the fried shrimp po-boy with cheese and sautéed onions. It's so delicious. The baked goods are always fresh as well. And the customer service is excellent.My first experience was with the fish Po Boy. It was very tasty and plentiful.  The bread was toasted with garlic butter.  I was amazed by my first try at a "Po Boy". While I was there- I saw a Sunday dinner menu.  Not only was there a large variety of sides,  there were beautiful deserts to choose from.  The platter was so good and plentiful enough to eat from twice.  I couldn't believe the price.  The fried cabbage was the best I've ever tasted.  I let my husband know that this will be our Sunday dinner spot.  Glad to support this black owned establishment.  Best in NW Philly!I really enjoyed my Mother's Day Soul Fed Sunday meal. We drove in from Delaware and it was well worth it. Oh I cannot forget to mention the Po' Boy sandwiches. I think I visited Heaven it was that delightful. You can't go wrong with anything you order.Update: We got our food after they closed. My food was cold and the garlic bread was soggy. I would not recommend getting any po boys if they're not going to get it to you hot and fresh! What a disappointment smh.Was in the area for the weekend and wanted to try something new. Remembered seeing them on the news on IG and thought why not give it a try. Ordered the crispy chicken po'boy with melted cheese and sautéed onions. At first sight looks really good. But when I tried a piece of chicken by itself it wasn't seasoned, all I could taste was the breading. Chicken was fresh. The special sauce I am not a fan of. The taste was too tangy for my tastebuds. The bread was good. I don't eat seafood and they're known for the seafood Po'boy. Would I try again no.Great place for breakfast  or lunch a hidden gem in philly's west oak lane /Mt.. Airy area . This black owned bakery makes all its bread fresh for their sandwiches and the baked goods are delicious , wedding cakes, pastries and home baked goods made by a group of handsome black men . What else do you needI love this place it is a diamond in the community and the food is absolutely delicious! Additionally, the staff are very pleasant and accommodating. I would give this establishment 10 stars if I could!! They really make Philly proudThis place is amazing.  I really wanted to give it a 4.5 and I'll explain why, but it deserves a 5 over a 4.  I work in West Oak lane and I have been asking co workers for food suggestions.   When 3 said Gilbens, I knew I had to try it.  In 1 month I have had 10+ menu items.  (It is becoming a little of a problem lol)
HOT
Must haves
Salmon sliders or poboy
You can order with our without cheese and onions, I get both.  The sauce and cheese that they use are a perfect blend of tangy, salty and creamy
Chicken poby
The sandwich is large and sweet.  I preferred the salmon, but my husband preferred the chicken.  Huge chunks of grilled sweet and spicy chili on a loaded poboy.
Good
Shrimp po boy
This was good, but I'm just not a fan of shrimp sandwiches.  I couldn't get past the texture, but that is a personal preference.
Seafood Slider
You may like this, but I wouldn't order again.  This reminded me of a tuna slider.  The best was the best part.  Grilled garlic mini rolls (4).  I was in the mood for something firm and it was just not what I expected.
Fish and Grits
Grits were a great consistency and creamy.  Fish perfectly fried.  A large portion as well.
Sweets
The cream cheese cinnamon bun was the best item I had on the menu.   I was really delicious.  My husband loved the carrot cake.  I have also ordered 2 cup cakes which were ok (chocolate and white with candy)  My daughter said "like the store ones" Which was very accurate.  I wouldn't order again.  That is for the half off...4.5 stars.
I absolutely love this place.  Call ahead if you can because the wait can be a bit for hot food if you are in a rush.  Pastry is right in the front, so this is quick.  ***The staff is really friendly and personable.  I love that it is a small business as well.  I will be back again soon (probably this weekend!)
MUST TRY!!The disorganization is REAL! 
They need to invest in a number system. It's great supporting a black, family owned business but unfortunately it it ALWAYS chaotic when you walk in here. 
The pastries are good. Not great, but good. They're definitely made from scratch.
I've never tried the hot food or sandwiches, but I see people constantly walking out of here with platters. So I'll assume the food is good.I just had the shrimp po boy out of curiosity and It was the best quick decision I made. The shrimp is plump and seasoned to perfection. The garlic toast is toasted just right. The sauce is amazing as well. Definitely coming back again!I stopped in here one day for a slice of cake to fulfill a sweet tooth. the owner asked if i had ever been there. i told her no and she ran down the entire menu as she packed my cake. gave me and my husband a sample of the beans she had in the crockpot and showed us the poboys.... i've had the pleasure of eating from here about 4 times now and every time has been great service, and the sliders and po boys are bomb!Purchased the shrimp po boy and cheesesteak. Good flavor. Both were very very soggy and hard to eat. They should put the cheesesteak on a regular roll. Everything is on garlic Texas toast roll.I need a cake for a spur of the moment family and friends Sunday dinner. Oh my the strawberry cake with the cheesecake layer was excellent. Some were watching their sugar intakes. I watched and tasted mine too as it went pass my lips.Their Shrimp po boys are delicious. The prices aren't too bad and this is a black owned business too. I love coming here and it's a great staple in North Philly.Oh my goodness! Just had the fried shrimp po' boy sandwich when I say delicious I mean it! I got it with the sautéed onions, that was an added bonus! Everything was well seasoned. It had a lot of shrimp. My husband had the fried fish po' boy. I tasted his it was very good. His sandwich was piled high with fish. He tasted mine and said he would add the sautéed onions next time on his fish. Sandwiches were messy but messy good!!This was our first but definitely will not be our last!They didn't have change for a $10, so I wasn't able to complete my purchase! Smh... I honestly don't know how some people manage to stay in business.Not sure if they're selling platters or if it's a restaurant! Every single time my husband and I order from them, our order has to be canceled or altered because they ran out of food. I keep patronizing this establishment because the food is good and I want to support a small business. However, everything on the business side of things are a tragedy. For months now, even before Covid, they are constantly out of food items that they're supposed to have. For instance, tonight we ordered Stuffed Salmon, potato salad, string beans, butter garlic baked chicken, mashed potatoes, and a side of potato salad, and a side of tuna salad. *My hubby loves their potato salad*
Anyway, after placing the order I received a call back (maybe more than a half hour) stating they didn't have the the majority of the order. THIS IS THEE LAST STRAW!!!! I hate to sound negative, but this has been my experience. I'm not writing to deter anyone from trying them out our even going back. I'm in great hopes that they'll see this and make a small change.Heard so much about this place. People raved about their PoBoy sandwiches. I was hungry annnd tired so I decided to order. 
Parking: street metered. The area to park is very tight. Be aware, your car could get side swiped. 
Store: workers didn't have mask on. They suggest you wait in car until your order is ready and they will call you. They did have hand sanitizer around. 
Service: Staff was nice.
Food: Ordered the fried salmon po boy which is just a hoagie with hot meat. I should have read what a Po Boy was. I added cheese & onions. It wasn't bad. Flavor was light. The bread is like a Texas toast. The fried salmon are chunks so everytime we tried to bite the sandwich, the salmon fell off the bread. The bread was soggy so I suggest getting the toppings on the side. 
Dessert: I ordered 1 brownie, 1 macadamia and 1 oatmeal cookie. The cookies were $.75 each. I felt that was expensive especially for the size. The cookies fell apart when picked up. The brownie was moist and tasted good. 
Overall the food was ok. I would go back and try something else.My experience was nothing like its advertising or other reviews. Too much sauce on a shrimp po' boy that was ordered (& paid for)with extra shrimp but did not have extra shrimp just extra sauce. Customer service was good.I just had the best chicken cheesesteak I've eaten in years. Messy as heck but oh my goodness totally worth it. Perfect portion of chicken and cheese - not overstuffed nor stingy with more bread than anything (you know the ones) - quality chicken, gooey cheesy, and no shortage of the pickles I asked to add. Can't wait to try one of their po' boys, they have a bunch!The staff is very friendly, but on my second visit I got the gooey cheesesteak and it was horrible. First they put ketchup on it, which I don't like and didn't ask for, and the steak tasted of chopped ground beef, not ribeye or sirloin like most steak places use. Maybe I'll try their pastries since the smell really good.I recently had read about Gilben's Bakery on a food blog and at once decided to try it.  The results of my visit to Gilben's were very mixed however and I won't become a regular.  On the positive side everyone was very friendly and I liked the art works on the walls a lot.  I arrived at Gilben's a little after 3:15 on a Friday afternoon.  It took me 15 minutes to place an order.  It is def a popular place. Well that would have been okay if it hadn't taken more than 55 minutes to get the order.  I left after 4:30 and that was for but one po boy sandwich.  Unfortunately I ordered the wrong po boy sandwich for me.  A woman in front of me in the ordering line told me I must get the Buffalo Chicken Po Boy.  Since it was my first time, I said ok ... but it was a bad choice for me.  The sandwich was huge but fell apart when I tried to pick it up.  The sauce had made the bread soggy and there was too much chicken to fold over.  I wound up eating it with a knife and fork. The chicken was decent but nothing memorable ... especially as I had to wait an hour and fifteen minutes for all this. A friend later told me I should have stuck with a  fish, shrimp, or oyster po boy and I am pretty sure I would have liked one of those more.  Fortunately I also ordered a peach turnover for dessert.  It was awesome - light crust and extremely flavorful.  I would go back to Gilben's for their turnovers and not engage in the very long wait for one of their po boy sandwiches.Food is really good. My family has purchased Birthday Cakes, Cupcakes, Lima beans cheese cake Po Boys and sliders all never disappoint.. Convenient Location to us which makes it even better
Stop in and try something tasty for yourself you won't be disappointedI had a taste for a Fish Hoagie and someone recommended Gilben's. They call there hoagie a 'Po Boy'. Not sure what kind of fish but it was cripy, plentiful and tasty. Oh, and the roll is toasted with butter. My family also tried the Fried Salmon Sliders, Black Eyed Peas and Turkey over Rice, and Chicken Sliders. I would have given them 5 stars but I wasn't happy with their pastries. I tasted Coconut Pineapple Cake, Sweet Potato Pie, Apple Cake and Blueberry Corn Bread. They are now open on Sundays for 'Church Platters', 12 - 6! I will be there! Enjoy.This hidden gem is worth the drive up Broad St away from the downtown hustle and bustle. This was my first time here, but a heads up for ordering during Covid times you can order in person or through their website. The ordering process was very simple and even gave an estimated pickup time about a 45 minute wait. I arrived a couple minutes early and my order was ready. The staff was friendly, welcoming and busy cooking up the good stuff. 
I ordered the shrimp Po boy sandwich and it was bursting with flavor. The presentation was beautiful it was funny trying to figure out exactly how to tackle this beauty without dropping all the goodness out. The shrimp were cooked and seasoned perfectly and the italian roll was a good garlicky crunch. I actually could have the sandwich served not put together just so you can separate the flavor bombs from the fried shrimp to the bread. I would definitely come back and would like to try their other options and perhaps give another slamming review. 
When I called they informed me they close at 8pm, BUT stop taking orders at 7:30pm.I can't believe I'm writing this about Gilben's. We absolutely love their food, but the past 3 weeks have been a nightmare with them. I called one week to place an order and once my husband got there to pick up the food, he was told they were out of the 3 out of 6 items we ordered. The very next week I called in to place another order. Well, the female who answered the phone told me "they were done for the day". Mind you it was 6 o clock and they weren't scheduled to close til 8. I'll be back in sure cause the food is that good, but I don't know....to be continuedFried shrimp po boy was good. Only able to eat half before getting food coma. Brother had the other half and enjoyed it too. 
Added cheese and onions but didn't taste the cheese. I think it was extra for that so that I would skip next time.Gilbens is a great place for Mt. Airy. A great bakery with lots to choose from but their sandwiches are the best. I've tried several of their Po Boys and I love, love, love their Chicken Chili the best. The Shrimp is a close second. The fish Po Boy would be a lot better if it wasn't so salty along with the Chicken noodle soup. I also love their sliders ( a good buy). The cream cheese cinnamon buns are also one of my favorties.
Love that they are black owned and operated. 
This is the type of store we need in this area. Not good for my waistline,  but they will see me often!
I wish they had later hours on Saturday (they close at 5pm). 
The staff is very nice as well. I wish them the most success and I'm spreading the word.This was a must stop after watching one of my favorite YouTuber's review it. I could visit Philadelphia and not try this place out. 
They get busy. I arrived on a Saturday afternoon, and because of social distancing, we waited outside. They only allow 3 patrons in at a time. 
The cheesecake looked AMAZING. Huge slice, topped with fruit. I'm so disappointed that I didn't try it, but I did get a piece of strawberry shortcake. Huge piece. I could only eat half, but it's probably because of the fried shrimp po'boy.  The shrimp were large, seasoned to perfection and deep fried. It's served on buttery garlic bread with lettuce, tomato and grilled onions and a special sauce.  It was so delicious. This place is popular, be prepared for a wait, maybe up to a half hour or so.We got a cheese steak and a fried shrimp po boy. Both were fantastic, and the staff was really friendly. Excited to go back again!I got the salmon fried po boy! It was so delicious and simple. I would recommend wait can be long. So order way earlier than you want to eat!I'm honestly giving this place 1 star because I've been waiting for my food since 5:30 and it is now 8pm. I came here because of JL Jupiter's review on YouTube and wanted to support a black owned business. I drove over 40 minutes to get here so hopefully the food lives up to the hype. Beware when ordering from here as the wait is VERY LONG!40 minute ride for us from NJ and it was well worth the drive. We got a sweet chili shrimp po boy and a fried shrimp po boy. They were both seasoned perfectly with just the right amount of sauce. We also purchased dessert which was excellent. We will be back - Highly recommended!Wait is over an hour for food. Please hire extra help! Food is ok. Not worth the hour plus waitThis was once a great bakery, with wonderful service.  The bakery no longer smells of baked goods, but the smell of fried food.  Even when I left my clothing still smelled like cooked food.  The service is lack luster.  As I waited for my order, another customer came in after me and was served, despite me giving my order.  I had to wait to be waited on while the man at the register continued to ignore my need for service, despite another worker asking him to take my order.  The cashier was rude and lacked hospitality skills.  The  pound cake was gummy, and the cheesecake crust wet.  I was so disappointed.  Hopefully, they will improve, but I have no plans to return to find out.