Wow, this is Italian baby!
Dwelling in Central NJ one of the ethnic foods that is in over abundance is Italian, but that doesn't mean we have good not to mention great Italian places. Seems to be a pizza joint on every block and 90% are average at best.  So when we happened upon Gino's out of dumb luck I nearly jumped out of my pants after the first few amazing bites.
Linguine cooked perfectly with red clam sauce. Let me tell ya plenty of tasty clams mixed with chunks of delicious tomato in the most intense clammy gravy imaginable, right there with the best clam sauce I've had. Lightly breaded delicate slices of eggplant with mozzarella practically dissolving on my tongue in an outrageously marvelous red gravy,  hmm hmm.  Homemade warm bread. Now if the amazing flavors don't suck you in beyond comprehension the price will give your dog a bigger bone.  All lunch specials range from $6 to $11 with a fresh salad, dinner is about $5 more. 
The decor is dated and lacking with several tables and booths, but Italian paintings scattered about the walls.  A tiny bar. Super espresso. The other side of the store front is a pizza take.
 Wish we lived closer. Do yourself a favor and swing by it's worth a drive out of city center, I promise.Ordered two salads from here and they messed them both up? Really, how hard is it to make a garden salad with grilled chicken? And, they were small and expensive.
I will try this place again because all of my neighbors ( I just moved here) say it is awesome and I did order a salad from a pizza joint so, maybe it should be shame on me?This is the best pizza in the neighborhood I love eating in the restaurant part very good servers never had a bad experience at this establishmentKate, 
   As you are "a founding member of the organization PWEG (People Who Eat at Gino's),"   I appeal to you or anyone else to get a sensible answer.
   I've given this place rave reviews previously.  I went there last week, waited to discuss it here so I would have time to think about it.
Question:  What ever happened to serving "ONE COURSE AT A TIME"?
   I ordered an appetizer, clams, and an entree. 
   I was taught that the first course is removed from the table when finished, then and only then, is  the 2nd course served.  
   As I was enjoying my appetizer, the waitress appeared at the table with my entree, forcing me to move my appetizer to the side.  I informed her that she had just produced chaos at the table, and was "rushing me," preventing me from enjoying my first course.
   The waitress replied, "Well, I wanted to serve you the entree while it was hot."  I informed her that "of course, the entree should be served hot, AFTER the appetizer is finished."  
   Her reply, "Well, how would I know that?"  Am I the only one who expects the wait staff to know what is going on at THEIR tables?
   If I wanted everything to be served at one time, I would have been at McDonald's.  I thought Gino's had more class than that.  They proved me wrong.
   Who teaches the personell to be wait staff?  Seems like it's a case of--Put on the uniform and go to it.
   We are not talking "brain surgery" here but basic "wait staff" skills.Looking for a good Philly cheese steak pizza? Gino's is the place to go. The only downside is they make it with a lot of love when you eat in... Take out or delivery, egh, its like they were rushing. But it is still good... Can't deny that...GINO'S is far & away the restaurant jewel in all of Northeast Philadelphia; not just the Mayfair section . My wife & I have been dining here since they opened .. & .. we have never , ever been disappointed . The food is outstanding ... especially the salmon with cognac sauce & crab . I've tried every known ruse to get the recipe' for the sauce .. but .. " no go ". I've also sampled every entree' on the menu at one time or another .. but .. because I love the salmon so much the waitresses don't even have to ask for my order. They already know . Now , as far as the staff goes , EXCEPTIONAL. The waitresses ( Alyssa, Kate , Nancy , Patrice , et al ) are outstanding . Joanne the bartender / mixologist is absolutely fantastic ; another person who knows exactly what I want & doesn't have to ask . For those of you who live in the area of Cottman & Frankford Avenues , you're missing out on a truly phenomenal dining experience if you haven't tried GINO'S . Friendliness , courtesy , excellent food & affordable prices are what you get at GINO'S . I guarantee , if you like good food ( & not just Italian ) , you'll love GINO'S . Give it a shot ; you won't be disappointed.Been going here off and on for years and never had a bad meal. It is our favorite NE Philly Italian restaurants. All the food is prepared to perfection and its never too spicy. The gravy is excellent. The white clams and linguini and the manacatti are our favs.Very solid neighborhood joint serving up good food with a side of value. Our cousin has dinner here often and after my wife and she did some shppping, she shared her Gino's with us. A small neighborhood bar with a flatscreen up front greeted us.  We three were escorted to the rear to a quiet table where we could enjoy dinner. My lady had the gnocchi with a side of shrimp while cuz had chicken franceis. Both were very good with take home portions. I had the shrimp fra diavlo which had about 7 shrimp in a spicy sauce with linguini. I enjoyed. The bread was a chewy, tasty sliced hunk which was refilled. We went with a couple of cannolli at the end which had tasty fresh filling in crusty shells. Nice!  Our waitress was friendly and attentive. A nice joint in which we had an enjoyable meal.I am literally sitting in the restaurant eating right now, and I can honestly say that this is the best gnocchi I have ever eaten. My wife has repeatedly said, "This is the best Fra Diavolo sauce I have ever had." Seriously folks, if you've never been here, get here now. My new go-to Italian place.I've been going here for so many years and never had a bad experience. Definitely recommend dining in.. the service is always great & good is delicious!This is one of my favorite restaurants. It's not very big but comfortable and casual. I can't get enough of their tortellini alfredo. The staff is friendly and the prices aren't bad. Food is consistently good. Writing this review makes me wonder why I'm not there more often. I think I'll work on that.Gino's is consistent...which to me is important. The food is always good, delivery is always around 30-40 minutes tops, and for over 10 years, they never get it wrong. Pizza (tomato pie is the best in the NE) is a favorite along with the mussels marinara. The entrees (esp. eggplant parm, and baked penne) are incredible. When we don't feel like going out to dinner, it's nice having the option of getting a good italian meal delivered. My other half makes fun because there are only 3 local delivery places that I will order from (check my other reviews on why) and Gino's is number 1.Gino's is a nice neighborhood Italian restaurant.  the staff is friendly, food good and reasonably priced.  I've never had a bad meal from them, whether it's take-out or dine-in.  my personal favorite is a personal pizza with cappicola and onion.  it's just the right size to fill you up for dinner.  it's a hand tossed crush with plenty of cheese and toppings and a well-seasoned sauce.  the platters are typical Italian classics, all good as well.  their wings are suprisingly good too.  they remind my of the wings at Chickie's and Petes, garlicy, spicey and very tasty.  next time your in Mayfair and want a good pizza or other Italian dish go to Gino's.  Enjoy!This is one of the few pizza shops in Mayfair that actually has a nice dining room worth eating in. We got the vegetarian specialty pizza, which was so generous with the toppings! The crust was also homemade and nice and thin. Gino's also has a bar, and made a delicious cocktail.Fantastic penne ala vodka and shrimp scampi specials and great salads. Always a great choice for lunch or dinner!Great neighborhood place!  Watch it gets crowded.  You will never get a bad meal or bad service here.  Everything we get on the menu has been delicious!  Lunch is the best priced full meal that we know of.I ordered a small sausage pizza on a Friday night. It was about a 30-40 minute wait. The pizza was definitely worth it considering other local options. It was NY style thin crust with crunchy edges. Decent sausage amount in pizza..moderate portion. I ate the whole pie; I'd recommend this placeGreat pizza and great chicken wings. I have lunch there once a week. Their lunch specials are very good and reasonable price wise.Ginos is a neighborhood staple. The tomato pie is by far the best I've ever had! On the weekends my boyfriend and I dine in and have a full meal, usually the penne alfredo and chicken and vegetables, both delicious. The staff is very friendly and attentive. If you haven't been to Ginos yet, I highly suggest stopping by - you won't be disappointed.Tried this place after seeing how highly rated it was with a date. The food wasn't bad and service wasn't bad either but man oh man was it pricey. 
$20 for a 14in pizza, $7 for wings, drinks only get 1 refill before extra charges. Just sharing a pizza and 2 apps was over $40 bucks before tip.
While we ended up ordering something we didn't like I can't fault them because we wanted to try anchovies on pizza. Not a bad place but won't be returning.Great food great pizza. If you want a slice with a slight feeling of he jersey shore. Then they have it here. Complete with the glass counter and pizza baker slinging pies in the air. If you want an authentic Italian meal head over to the dining room and they will have you covered. Definitely a stop you need to make when you're in the Mayfair area.I can't believe this place is in Mayfair!! It's so good. Old school Italian my gnocchi were fantastic.. The bread OMG!! This will be a regular dinner spot for me!!!Gino's is consistent...which to me is important. The food is always good, delivery is always around 30-40 minutes tops, and for over 10 years, they never get it wrong. Pizza (tomato pie is the best in the NE) is a favorite along with the mussels marinara. The entrees (esp. eggplant parm, and baked penne) are incredible. When we don't feel like going out to dinner, it's nice having the option of getting a good italian meal delivered. My other half makes fun because there are only 3 local delivery places that I will order from (check my other reviews on why) and Gino's is number 1.I've been coming here for years, both for take out and dine in.  They have consistently great food, everything from their chicken rice soup, to their pizza, pasta, steaks and fries.  They have two entrances, one is the take out pizza shop, and the for their dine in restaurant with a small bar up front.  I've never been when they are particularly crowded so I've never had a wait for dine in, for take out I normally call and order ahead.  The food is always fresh and tasty, service is friendly can be a bit slow, but they are very accommodating.Awesome pizza and great service. I recommend ginos to anyone who appreciates good pizza.Well let me just tell you ‍you get what you pay for Gino never let you down don't matter what you get I order a Buffalo chicken pizza and I'm telling you it makes your wanna smack your mama good and I'm upset that I had to share it with my 3 boys and my granddaughter...... well maybe not my grand but I love this spot and if your hungry and want great Quality food do yourself a favor and order here you won't be mad but you'll thank me later ‍fives across the boardPizza is *real* and quite good. Clean, with *real* ice-tea.Wow is all I have to say, the food is superb! Always fresh, the best toppings, and appealing to the eye! But that's not all the deliver guys are always on point with their arrival time, also really friendly!
I would definitely recommend if you live in the neighborhood, or even outta the state for that matter!!Feels like this place has slipped a bit over the years. I used to LOVE this place and even when we moved out of Mayfair/their delivery grid I'd go out of my way to pick up. But had to stop a little while back. We had 3 shaky pizza experiences in a row & I live by the 3 strikes & you're out rule. Not saying I'd never go back but if/when I do I'll go their & sit down & I'm certainly not going out of my way anymore. If you asked me 4 or 5 years ago I'd say 4 or 5 stars but something has changed.The food here is so good and the service is always polite and fairly quick. They have a really flavorful buffalo wings. The chicken fingers and honey mustard tastes like home made food. All other basics like steaks and pizza are great staples as well. Convenient neighborhood location and even has a decent dining area if you want to sit in and eat.I haven't been to Gino's in probably 15 years since I moved. The place hasn't changed a bit and its still as good as I remember. Stopped this past Saturday night for a personal pizza. It was good! I went with a personal with garlic and oil. Cooked just right and reasonably priced. You can ask for much more from a neighborhood joint. They offer beer to go and a full dining room as well. Solid place to grab a pie.You judge a pizza place by its plain slice. They have a top 5 slice of plain in the city. Then you expand to toppings and you get their cheesesteak pizza and wonder why you ever buy plain anymore. It's that good. Claudio makes the pies and I eat themThe food is excellent and the service is very good too. This is a local gem and worth the wait to get in. I will definitely go back and add this to one of my favorite local places to eat.I've been a customer for 10 years now and I keep coming  back! The best pizza  in Mayfair and I would venture  to say....probably  the best cheesesteak too!This pizza was really good. I felt like I was eating pizza from my old neighborhood in NY. I was looking for a pizzeria close to my job, so Yelp sent me here. I ended up passing by a couple of pizza shops before I got here. I'm glad that I didn't change my mind and grab any old slice.Best pizza in Mayfair! Always fresh. Always hot. Always crispy. Claudio has the golden hands that make these pies perfect. Plain, pepperoni, mushroom, all on point but the secret underrated gem is their tomato pie. Their sauce alone should be sold in jars! Everyone knows the rules, 8.1 , no rookie scores, it's the truth!Really?  I've never written a Gino's review?  As a founding member of the organization PWEG (People Who Eat at Gino's), I am shamed till I rectify the situation by writing a review.  
Gino's is home to the best eggplant parm I have ever eaten.  Ever.  It's perfectly breaded, thin sliced, and covered in a sauce so delicious it doesn't even need cheese.  But who am I to turn down cheese, eh?  The upside down pizza is another menu standby.  I'm a sucker for a thin crust and tasty sauce.  Over the years, I've also eaten the pasta, seafood, sides, and appetizers.  It's consistently delicious.  
One half of the storefront is a take out joint, the other half seated restaurant with bar, so regardless of whether you meet in the comfort of your own home or at the establishment itself, I encourage you to form a chapter of PWEG immediately!Great. Friendly...Good cheesesteaks... That's all I've had.  Might venture out and go there one day. Hassle parking there though....Best spot around!!! 
The service & food are hard to compete with. Very clean  & the sweethearts that take your order make the experience even betterEverything is good here fresh ingredients and great Italian food for a pizza store. The prices are reasonable too.I'm sad to say that I will never be eating at Gino's again. Me and my family eat there all the time and we really enjoy the food. Unforunately I called tonight for Delievery and my street is one block out of there delivery zone. I asked if they could make an exception since it's literally one block and since me and my family spend a good deal of money there. The girl told me the owner wouldn't send the driver because of the neighbor changing. Not really sure what that even means. One block away is safe but apparently my block is not. Very disappointed.Why the best pizza in Philadelphia is located in the NE I will never know. If you happen to make it out there, stop by Gino's and order a large pepperoni pizza ($7 carryout during the week; $14 otherwise). You will be delighted by the flavorful sauce that is neither too sweet nor too acidic, the excellently proportioned cheese, the plentiful pepperonis, and a savory crust. Although I was there on business (the NE, not Gino's), I might actually drive there on my own time for another large pepperoni pizza.I've spent a better part of my life living around here but never tried out Gino's. After a strong recommendation we ordered a pizza with onions and mushrooms, as well as a side of fries. I came at the estimated time to pick-up, and sat down as the counter lady said my order wasn't ready yet. I sat for about 10 minutes until they called me up. I really don't mind waiting at all, especially if the food is good! But there was a weird unwelcoming vibe, which is very rare in my experience with restaurants. When I got back with my order, the pizza was barely warm and the fries were way overcooked. How do you screw the basics up? Granted, the pizza had a decently light flavor profile. If you're down for a mild tomato sauce, you'll probably like the pies here. 
Overall, the service was not good. The food must be really on point if cooked properly, but that was not the case for my order either.Ginos is simply the best. Pizza is the best in the area, pastas are all great! Atmosphere is laid back. I love that whenever we go with our two little ones you find several parents with there chikdren too. Very family and neighborhood friendly. Even though we recently moved away we will definitely visit frequently. If lorraine is working make sure you request a table with her she is the gem of the restaurant  
Only disappointment is one lady who waitresses who doesn't seem too happy to be there ever. If you see her you'll know who im talking about. Otherwise this family run restaurant is a diamond in the grit of Mayfair.I and my wife usually eat in the restaurant and the food is always excellent. I'm a creature of habit so I have my usual pizza or cheese steak place. Well we just ordered deliver and I had the best cheese steak  I've had in forever. The calamari as always was awesome everything was great. The delivery time was fast the service was amazing. I'll be ordering way more from them as well as eating in. Plus special thanks to my delivery guy John was a nice guy even if my dog knocked the money to the floor and his tip got left on the floor sorry for the mix up and thankfully I did get the tip to him after I realized. He was even more gracious to understand the mix up. Look if you want high quality food order from Gino's.Been here many times and the service is top notch. My favorite thing on the menu is the Lobster Ravioli but everything is pretty great. I wasn't a huge fan of how greasy the mussels with linguini was, but the pizza, seafood, pasta, cheesesteaks, and desserts are great. I feel like a lot of people don't know about Gino's, and that just isn't right! Grab lunch or dinner, or even drinks here ASAP!This restaurant is very good. I had a great waiter. Try the pizza and chicken MarsalaWow, Gino's Pizza Cafe was really awesome. It's kind of the place to go in this neighborhood. Absolutely delicious! Every single thing is super fresh! Staff are incredibly lovely and service is very fast. I can not wait to return to Gino's Pizza Cafe.Ginos really is one of the best places in the Northeast. Always consistent. They even put a good amount of cheese in a cheese steak! I find that a majority of places don't anymore. I know I'll get a good meal. They've been consistent for years. In comparison to other places in the area, I can taste the difference. Even if I pay a little more, it really is worth it. Quality and quantity!This is honestly and I mean honestly... the best pizza in the entire Northeast. It's clean, friendly, adequately staffed and the pizza tastes authentic. It has a great Sauce, great crust and freshness kind of like New York pizza. Don't waste your money on other places in the northeast .Pizza was really good. I did a custom pizza with shrimp and bacon. Shrimp was perfect not overcooked fresh and flavorful and was in big pieces. The bacon was perfect too crisp and not greasy. Delivery was fast to my door. This is my go to place now for pizza.Great hidden Italian restaurant in the north east. The mussles in red sauce is the best .Vela dishes melt in your mouth prices are very reasonable.Have not been here in quite a few years, but i usually just stop in to order pizza. Well this time my mother and I decided to sit in and order. She had the shrimp marinara over linguine, pasta was cooked al dente to perfection. Well seasoned and plenty of shrimp. I ordered the Lobster Ravioli, and the sauce was excellent! Plush cream sauce, with 6 giant raviolis that were filled with cheese and lobster. Although the place may look dated, don't be fooled! Service and food were excellent, prices were very reasonable as well. All around a great experience!When in doubt, go to Gino's! That's what we always say at our house, when we can't decide what to eat we go to Gino's. The pizza is really good and tasty, but the real stars of the show are the pasta dishes. Their Chicken Parm dinner is great and a big portion, the gnocchi in the blush sauce with crabmeat is always are personal favorite of mine. Plus the bread is a fantastic side to have with your meal, oh and don't skip on the wings and fried calamari.Very cool little-known gem. A friend of ours told us about this, maybe two years ago, and we keep going back. It's a nice, little family-owned joint with a nice, semi-upscale dining area, and a pizza place with take out and all attached. We've always dined in, so I can't speak of the take out service. The dining-in service is really nice, low-key, and very cool, though. Classy, in a sort of effortless way, in that everything is well done, food and service, but there is no pretense nor extra put-on fanciness. 
Diners dress casually but nicely, and some people are more dressed up on the weekends. The staff is very polite and service-oriented, and neat.
All the food we've gotten has been very nicely done, of quality ingredients, and satisfying tasty. The menu consists mostly of simple, expected in your basic classic italian restaurant entrees - a small menu, with a few different specials in addition at any given time, but what they do they do very well. The prices are moderate (about $15-$22iah for most entrees - a bit more for those with more expensive ingredients, as is to be expected/a few as low as $11 or $12), and most come with vegetables or pasta, plus a nice, fresh and not boring salad and/or soup, and very good fresh bread. The bread will come with butter, but if you ask they will happily bring you a plate of olive oil to mix with cheese and spices, to dip your bread in -- I recommend this.) There's a liquor license, and pretty reasonable prices on the drinks. There are house wines, and a modest selection of wines and liquors, besides. 
There is not usually too long of a wait, if any at all (sometimes on a friday or saturday night one might wait up to 15 or 20 minutes for a table.) There's a very small bar with only a few seats at the entrance where one may choose to sit while waiting, if there's a wait for the table. 
The desserts have been good, when I've had them. Again, a simple selection, but well-done and traditional. And they make a nice cappocino. (I think I just spelled cappocino wrong). 
One of the really nice things about this place is that for some reason not a lot of people know it's there, or something, so it's not overrun with people. There's a steady crowd, though, of people who seem to know the place, from the vibe I get. I think the take-out side is a lot busier, perhaps due to the location. The sit-down dinner situation is so nice and quiet and comfortable, and well-done, though, and that's harder to find anymore, particularly in the northeast. Particularly the quiet part.I ordered the Italian Hoagie ($6-$7) and my wife ordered the Chicken Caesar Salad ($9).
As a person from NYC I must say, the prices I paid at Gino's was incredibly affordable!! What was even more amazing was possibly the best Hoagie I ever had!!! It was incredibly huge, messy, dripping with oil and vinegar, mayo, packed with all the fixings, and tasty onions! WOW!!!! 
Sadly, my wife salad fell short, she said her chicken was overcooked and dry as hell... :(
But since this is my review, and my Hoagie was amazing!! I get to give you guys 5 stars!!!! Please try to get your chicken Caesar salads on point for when I force my wife to come back to your establishment!!!I love Gino's this is my definite go to spot for steaks when they say let's get steak for dinner I want mine from here ya'll can go where everMy family have ordered here many times ... called this evening (we just ordered a couple days ago... but the person that answered the phone said not sure with we deliver there I laughed and said we are once a week from you she said she came back on the phone and said we don't deliver there at far I said I order all the time this is crazy she said she asked... i would never order from this place again and recommend they treat their loyal customers better.... This place is crossed of the list...Pasta is a WIN!! Pizza is basic from my opinion. But this is my go-to spot when is want great pasta.Gino's is my neighborhood go to!!! The quality & consistency never disappoints!! Thanks for having  veal saltimbocca on the menu!!!Gino's is one of my favorite places to get pizza, cheesesteaks and cheese fries when I come home to Philly. I usually pick up my food, but the other night I decided to have it delivered. My order came faster than they said it would, and my Cheesesteak pizza with mushrooms and half hot peppers was delicious and so were my fries with melted cheese on the side. The delivery driver was very pleasant, delivery with a smile and fun attitude. By the way, my Mom always gets the Shrimp Fra Diablo and really loves it!Always consistent. .......food is always good.....the service is good.....whether you want a pizza or an entree you can never go wrong.......it has been at this location for years.....they also deliver and usually pretty fast.......My mom had mentioned to me that she ordered dinner form here, a few weeks ago.  So the following week I decided to do the same.  Placed an order for two entrees.  Was told pick up in a half hour.  When we got there exactly 30 minutes later, everything was ready and the transaction was very easy.  They were doing pickups out front of the restaurant.  You pay when you get there.  Got home and the order was exactly as ordered.  Food was hot and we were very happy with our choices (eggplant Parmesan and chicken Parmesan).  Everything was very good and I had lunch the next day as well because the portions were large!  Would definitely order from this restaurant again!I only had the penne vodka ($11.95), which came with a (pretty decent sized) side salad and (pretty yummy) fresh italian bread.  Bread came with butter though I dipped it in olive oil, salt & pepper and it was yummy.  I had my order to go (picked it up since I am not in delivery area).   
They also have creamy italian dressing, which made me happy.  
I don't think I'd order the penne vodka again though.  It did have diced onions (not super noticeable) and a little bit of pancetta (VERY little), but the pics of other pasta in blush sauce looked better.  I didn't see gnocchi on the menu but the pics on Yelp look good.  
So for a pizza place, the pasta is good and I'm sure great if you are in the delivery area.  Pizza also smelled good in there. 
But if I really want some yummy pasta, I'll get penne vodka at Marco Polo in Elkins Park or tortelinni ala tuscans at Tuscany Ristorante on Rhawn.  Or if it's a special occasion, Macaronis.  There's also some fun BYOB places in the area like Zaccones.  Or if you want to travel to East Falls, Fiorino.  
CLOSED SUNDAYS (a lot of pasta places seemed closed on Mondays like Zaccones or Macaronis).  
I posted pics of the menu since they don't have a website & so you don't have to search on the internet :)
Restaurant area must be different than take out area because the take out area I was in was small and didn't have any tables.  
Parking:  There is metered parking outside.  It's at Frankford & Aldine but Aldine is one way, so you can't turn on it to park from Frankford.I have been ordering from Gino's for years - I used to live around the corner & have worked in the area twice. I have to admit they have some of the best grilled chicken around! Sometimes salads are very watery, but their grilled chicken is always good. Many lunch places around who offer chicken and none come close to Gino's. Thanks!I've tried a number of different spots in the neighborhood and Gino's is always my go to for pizza.  Even when my parents come to visit they always want Gino's, they love it.  I look forward to coming in for dinner soon at the cafe to try your amazing dishes I've heard so much about!!Pizza is very good. Service is always fast. Calamari great. Also have beer to go. Staff is friendly.Good pizza, great dough and sauce, maybe a little to much cheese. Grilled chicken sandwich wasn't bad either.If Jesus Christ came back reincarnated as a pizza it would be this places cheesesteak pizza and their buffalo chicken pizza. I'd put my grandmom in a headlock for a slice of either of these anytime. Don't ever change the recipes and I promise I will blow my future retirement fund on this place and it's pizza if it ever falls on hard times. Thank you that is all.I attended a graduation party yesterday @ Gino's on Sunday when they are closed except for private parties . They had plenty of pleasant workers thru out the 3 plus hour party . Everyone liked the food even my 2, 4 and 6 year old grandkids . Will definitely go back there .Ordered white pizza and spaghetti and meatballs. The pizza flavor was garlicky which I like. Only way  much cheese. Why? Imagine asking for extra cheese oh my goodness. Clogged arteries!! Next time, if I order I'd ask for thin crust and light on the cheese. Flavor was there just after 2 slices couldn't eat no more way too much cheese ugh. My spaghetti was ok only had a few bites. I added crush red pepper flakes because it was bland.This was supposed to be chicken Marcella. Looks like they forgot the flour and the pan to give it a golden nice color. I got some baked chicken in flavored buttery water, definitely will never order again from here. Shame too because I really enjoy the soup they have there.