Want a delicious meal? Beyond fantastic sushi? Fabulous service and supporting a local restaurant? Quite the best choice I've made while visiting PHL. Family owned, family loved, and the best meal you'll have? It's Ginza. Can't wait to come back!New sushi and ramen restaurant in our neighborhood. We ordered the uni hotate carpaccio and the short rips for appetizers. They were fresh and delicious!! The two of us had the Ginza Takara Sashimi Tray for two. It was a treat!!! The fish were fresh and amazingly yummy. It came with uni, sweet shrimp, scallop, surf clam, and other kinds of fish. The shiny white fish in the picture is hamachi belly which was amazing. We only know because we asked our sever about it. She said they don't have have hamachi belly so we were lucky. 
We would definitely be back soon to try other items on the menu. Highly recommend!We LOVE that Ginza joined the neighborhood. They consistently have amazing sushi/sashimi and their ramen is delicious too! I also recommend the steamed gyoza to start. 
Great value as well!Went for lunch, had edamame gyoza, short ribs, and three rolls.  Everything was great and timed correctly when coming out to us. Service was good and friendly and there's a ton of open tables at lunch time. Happy to have more food options in the neighborhood. Will absolutely go back and recommend to friends.If you love sushi, this is the best sushi restaurant in south philly. My friends and I visited Ginza for lunch a couple of days ago. Needless to say, the food and the service was great. We order the chirashi don, uni don, salmon poke, and 2 bento boxes. The sushi was fresh and our food was well seasoned. Also, the service was fast and the server was very helpful as well. This is by far my favorite restaurant in south philly! Would definitely recommend it!!We ordered a sashimi tray for two and were very happy with the food! The fish quality was amazing! Very good price for its quality. Service was prompt and friendly. Will definitely come back!This is new to the neighborhood and I'm glad it's here. Overall, this is a great restaurant.
I came here on a Wednesday night. This place is BYOB and it's clearly recently renovated. Service here is VERY fast. We got all of our dishes - apps and entrees - very quickly (maybe even a little too fast). For apps, we had the Hamachi Jalapeno Carpaccio and the Gyoza soup. Both apps were excellent and worth a try. The ramen was okay. I've definitely had better but it was decent. The maki rolls were also delicious. Ultimately, when I come back, I'll probably try one of the poke bowls. 
This has been a solid addition to the neighborhood and it'll be my go-to spot for sushi and ramen, if I don't feel like making the trek out to Chinatown.Highly recommend! We got the bento box and a special roll. Both were delicious, and generous portions. Looking forward to coming back again.Ordered Shoyu Ramen to go twice. Definitely coming back (for more to go's) .  I have kids so eating out gets chaotic.I never leave reviews but I have to tell you how much I love this byo. I've gotten the oysters, spicy king crab, gyoza and Korean short ribs for apps which are all bomb. The spicy miso and king crab ramen is SO GOOD. My friend ordered a few rolls and we were into all of them. GO HERE!Just went in their first week of opening, and Ginza was a great local spot! My friend and I split a mix of carpaccio, sashimi, and maki rolls, and the fish was fresh in all of them, balanced with touches of vegetables. The wait service was prompt but allowed us time to make our choices and to linger a while after, and they were very knowledgeable of what was and could be made gluten free (and have gluten free soy sauce for those who need it!). This is a great BYOB addition to the Pennsport neighborhood, and not a far walk from Queen Village.This new restaurant is amazing! The decor and music is clean and modern. The service and food was exceptional. We will be back.Great location in South Philly close to the shopping plaza off Delaware ave. The inside of the building is gorgeous and inviting and they have these huge windows on the side of the building that help bring in natural light from the sun. I went he to grab lunch take out for my wife but I definitely plan on returning for dinner just wish they offered a lunch special but otherwise a great location to grab a quick bite before shopping or afterwards.I came here for the first time today and had an excellent lunch. The beef short rib Bento box was amazing. I would definitely recommend.Lovely new place just south of Washington near VSEC. Assorted cuisines from Sushi to Tempura to Ramen and Udon. Everything was delicious especially the Rainbow roll and Deluxe seafood Udon soup. 
Also try the Tuna Tataki salad for a starter along with the tastiest miso soup!
Interior is attractive and staff super friendly (Linda) and attentive. BYOB on top makes it s great choice!Went there for dinner after long day of work. Fish was slimy. Food below average.   Got sick after eating.  My husband and I are sushi critics.  This place is not authentic Japanese.  Fish was expired, slimy.   Short ribs were cheap and rubbery.  We told the owner that their fish wasn't fresh.  He got defensive and only gave us 20 percent off.  White tuna ? No such thing; this is what they serve.   We spent 75.00.  Over priced! Do not go here. Save your money for a cheesesteak.Ginza is a new restaurant to the neighborhood l, and I'm so happy that it opened. My husband and I have come here on two different occasions together, once opening week, and the other on Wednesday night. Adam has come a few additional times for lunch and ordered the Bentobox. Wednesday night we had readily fresh sushi. We ordered three different rolls off the menu, and sashimi. The rolls were different than I have had at other places, and would definitely order them again. Additionally, the house salad with ginger dressing is delicious too with lots of fresh vegetables and lettuce.Love that this spot finally opened and it sure didn't disappoint! The steak Udon was very flavourful and the fish in the sushi tasted very fresh. Out service wasn't very good, I feel like they kind of forgot about us in the corner but I'll try this place again for this food!Excellent service! Fresh food. I love the spoon uni. Tasty delicious. A little pricey but it is fine because the good experience!Ordered a sushi sashimi tray for three last night...all I can say is WOW!  "SUSHI SASHIMI TRAY FOR THREE $55.00
9 Pieces Nigiri 18 Pieces Sashimi with a Chef's Special Roll, Tuna Roll and Spicy Salmon Roll"...everything was deliciously fresh, beautifully prepared, ready on time, which made for a great way to spend new year's eve watching movies at home, eating sushi and drinking champagne.Very poor quality fish!! Especially the tuna was visibly poor quality even before tasting - stringy and fatty. Shocking because you'd think a sushi/sashimi/ramen restaurant would be hyper aware of their fish quality in their first few weeks. Would not eat there again.Great new place in South Philly!! Went for lunch yesterday, enjoyed everything we got. My friends and I got an angry dragon roll, salmon poke bowl, and a salmon bento box. It was all delicious. We even got the short ribs for an appetizer the sauce on it was great! Can't wait to go backCame to Ginza for dinner specifically to try their ramen. 
My husband and I shared the kara-age to start - it was pretty flavorful and reminded me of "popcorn chicken" that my dad used to make at our old take-out restaurant. The portion size was decent to share. I think a little bit of lemon or a dipping sauce would have enhanced it. 
I had the Shoyo Ramen and my other half had the Hokkaido King Crab Milky Ramen. The Shoyo was decent, pretty on par with other ramen restaurants in the city. The broth was thinner than I would have preferred, and a bit salty in my opinion. I didn't try the Milky Ramen, but my husband said he really liked it. We were both too stuffed to finish the kara-age.  
The restaurant was nicely renovated and looked pretty clean. Our server was friendly enough and came to check on us a couple of times. Overall pretty good, I would return.Soooo gooood  These pictures are back from December. Thank you for an amazing birthday dinner.All I can say is okay. nice place， nice service，but doesn't worst for anyone who are looking for good tasting. I am surprised that this restaurant has such dramatic high rating in yelp, especially those 5 star ratings came with patterns. Only couple ratings were pretty objectives( I actually ate before I read through these reviews)
I don't mind to spend money for tasty food， but for someone may criticize the price, Yes, the food is overpriced based on the its taste,portion and location. Nice place for dating and taking food pictures，but I am disappointed with food itself. I like to taste by mouth rather than eye, therefore No expectation for going back again. 
I care more about the fleshness and texture when I am eating raw food， and the taste of soup base with the chowiness of noddle for ramen. I ordered couple dishes，but I was only satisfied by one piece of Otoro sushi . The uni is not flesh as I expected. The king crab taste like it has been frozen for a thousand year， dried dying meat. when I got the remen， it was not hot any more.  I wouldn't blame waitress because I ate slow and today is quite cold，I had couple dishes before I got the ramen.Came a few weekends ago and fell in love!  So happy we have a local sushi spot I can order takeout from or stop in with a bottle of white on a Saturday date night.
Interior is pretty expansive with that pretty floor-to-ceiling glass annex off to the side.  Feels very classy inside.
Menus are a good size with sushi and much more (but we came here for sushi only).  Service was a little slow-going in the beginning but they were pretty slammed with both the dining-in crowd and those getting takeout/delivery.  Very friendly, though.
The sushi is DOPE.  We got a variety of the regular maki rolls & signature rolls that came out in an adorably nifty plastic platter thing, including Spicy Tuna, Spicy Salmon, Black Pearl, Rainbow Roll, Angry Dragon, and King Crab California. All were SO delicious and fresh but our favorite was that Black Pearl covered in caviar and the King Crab California roll.  The Spicy Salmon was kinda sinewy and uninspired but that Spicy Tuna made up for it!
My mouth is watering thinking of how good this sushi was.  Cannot wait to return or order in on a lazy night!The sashimi tray for two is good. The fish is fresh, but the pieces are a little thicker than I'm used to. But overall pretty good.Good sushi at an affordable price. It's a good alternative to my favorite casual sushi restaurant in South Jersey. HOWEVER, my biggest complaint is that the deluxe chirashi don at Ginza is always inconsistent. Sometimes they make it just like the picture on Yelp (expensive selection of sashimi, as it should be because that is what they advertised on their menu) but then sometimes they add in cheaper pieces (mackerel, white tuna) and omit the good stuff (yellowtail, uni, clams, etc). Sometimes I get more, sometimes less. I just want to get what I paid for, not hope for the best every time I order.The food was good and all but what restaurant charges $.50 for spicy mayo? Lol seems kind of cheap and odd.
At Yakitori, we get additional sauce with no silly additional to bill. And at Terakawa, they have toppings and sauces for your ramen, which this place lacked.
I'd go back but not asking for any sauces.Delicious and well priced. The deluxe nigiri and spicy tuna roll so tasty, and again, a great deal. BYOB!I don't know how this place got a such high rating.  I saw the advertisement on Wechat and the food pics looked good so I decided to come here and give it a try. 
Pros: the oyster uni spoon is good. 
Cons: 
1, super understaffed, bad service and management. We waited 20 mins for our first dish. That's fine. After finishing the first dish, we waited another 30 mins to get the second one. Wth? And waited another 15 mins to get the third. I was about to order more, but no, I'm not waiting no more. I mean, it's a Wednesday afternoon, not even weekend night. 
2, the food looks super fresh on the ad pictures. In reality it's not as fresh as it presented on the commercials. I ordered toro tray and uni, which are their signature dishes, but the toro is a letdown. 
My bf said this is the worst sushi place he had ever been. I'll give it a 3 star tho.Absolutely delicious!! Ordered the seaweed salad, sushi, sashimi and a few rolls. Everything was fantastic and the service was good too.Went here for the first time last night. Very happy to have something other than bar food in the neighborhood! The sushi was our favorite part by far. Next time we'd probably just go for that. We also got the steak and chicken teriyaki which we both agreed was just ok. They served my fiancé his steak without my meal which took another 5-10 minutes, other than that the service was good.
We'll be back! Final note - I wish they had spring rolls but that's just me being nit picky and my love for spring rolls coming throughWe have been hesitant to post about how much we love this place, since we don't want any other locals to find out about it, making it difficult for us to get a table! We've tried so many menu items at this point and it is all just so delicious and service is always great! Presentation of the sushi and ramen are always on point, too! Any BYO always gets an extra point in my book too!Came here with some local Philadelphian foodies. Food here is really fresh and they pile on the fish in each bowl. You get some nice window seating on the side great for people watching! We ordered a dozen oysters and kalbi. The oysters were freshly shucked and the kalbi was so tender. We ate all the meat off the bone. We all decided to order the big bang sushi bowls. They give you plenty of salmon, salmon roe and uni. Fish was very fresh and the salmon size was large.
Overall this is a great location with regards to service and food quality. Parking is easy to find on the main street. Its a great place to grab dinner and its BYOB.Went to Ginza for the first time Tuesday night...Started with the fried oyster appetizer...It was coated in a light and flaky panko crust...Delicious!!!  Definitely a shareable dish...I had a chicken Kastu dish and it was amazing...Hubby had a poke bowl and all the 
fish was fresh and delicious...The portions were very generous and everything was seasoned to perfection...There were 4 others in our dining group and every one raved about their choices...All 6 of us were extremely satisfied and will be returning soon!!!  So glad Ginza is a new dining choice in Pennsport...Best sushi in South Philadelphia. Absolutely delicious. Got three different rolls that all were great. Also had an Udon dish which were some of the best noodles I've had in the city as well. Definitely recommend stopping in.I haven't dine in here yet, due to COVID but their takeout sushi was amazing. Can't imagine how much more delicious it would be if we were able to dine in. I will definitely give them a try when they're reopen for dine in.This place will definitely become a local favorite. Service was great and quick. The server was very attentive throughout the meal. Takoyaki and the Taiwanese salt baked chicken (my little one's favorite) were great starters. We got the sushi and sashimi tray for two and the portion was so generous. The variety of fresh sashimi was great and the chef's special roll was also fantastic. I am not an oyster person, but the ones we ordered were so good. The texture didn't bother me at all and the sauce over top was delicious. The location itself is great with plenty of street parking nearby and the ambiance inside is great, the decor full of character. We will definitely be coming back again and I look forward to trying their ramen and bento boxes. The place is BYOB - perfect for you to bring your best wine for pairing with their fresh sashimi.Very good sushi rolls and delicious edamame gyoza. Service was prompt, helpful, friendly. Nice neighborhood spot.Perfect addition the neighborhood. Couldn't be happier to have a great new lunch dinner option. Owner is incredibly friendly and the Miso Black Cod isI heard about a new sushi place opening in the Pennsport area and I stopped by just to see what they had on the menu... and I stayed! This place is pretty amazing, and it's not only about sushi. I don't know where these guys get the fish, but it's so fresh that you feel that you are eating it just a few minutes after it's been caught. I've been in other sushi places throughout the city, and this place is definitely going to make a difference. The restaurant has been open for only one week and I dined there twice, and looking forward to going back soon. 
Maki sushi is fresh and delicious, but their signature rolls are outstanding. Black Pearl roll and Twin Salmon were my favorite ones, but I still have some others left to try. Ramen is spectacular (whoever is the chef that invented King Crab ramen, they deserve a raise immediately); and they have vegetarian options for rolls, udon and ramen, which is always a plus. 
Takoyaki and Spicy Garlic Edamame are fantastic as appetizers, but if you want to go crazy, you have to order Miso Black Cod. I couldn't believe how freaking good it was. It is the most tasty and smooth piece of black cod I've ever had. Aside from that, Gyozas are so good. I repeat: SO GOOD, perfectly cooked, perfect texture, not excessively soft. PERFECT. Especially the ones made with edamame, delicious!
I didn't mention anything about the environment itself because I was so focused on the food! The decoration and illumination are ideal to relax (but not one of those places in which they want to play it so romantic that you end up eating almost in darkness). The service is very nice, flexible and prompt but not stressful. If you are on your lunch break, they will take care of you fast, but if you need to take your time or you need to catch up with your dinner mate, they will adapt to your night's plan. 
That's all I can say about this wonderful place. I am so happy that there's a new authentic Japanese place in South Philly, with a lot of delicious options for a more than reasonable price. The restaurant is also family owned (the manager kindly explained to us all about the restaurant when we asked him), which is always something that I really appreciate, especially with gentrification and big corporations taking over some parts of South Philly. 
Absolutely recommendable!The sushi and ramen were delicious and we were given nice seats by the windows. My partner and I had just returned from Japan and were missing delicious, authentic ramen. The ramen was excellent, although I would prefer much more broth and firmer noodles. (Our noodles were a little clumpy initially and had sucked up so much of the broth.) The meat was perfectly cooked, and better than the ones I had in Tokyo. The sushi had a lot of fish and flavor, but the rice was a little thin. The portions were huge so we ended up stuffed. I would definitely come back to try out their gyoza and other dishes. Overall, Ginza is an excellent and welcomed addition to the Pennsport neighborhood!This spot rocks! It's not located centrally in the city but it's close to Penns Landing and the quality of fish is awesome. 
Presentation is awesome and I love the chirashi deluxe bowl that I ordered. The oysters were a bit small but overall, their fish is really fresh with generous portion. 
I've been coming back again and again every time I visit Philly.I ate myself silly here with my girlfriends. We ordered all the sushi, ramen and sides. I wasn't as excited for the fried chicken (Karaage) bites as they were a bit dry and no sauce. The flavor and spice seasoning was excellent. I'm like the ones better at HiroJust went there last night. Would probably give 3.5 stars, but will be generous and round up instead of down. Here's why:
Decor nice
Service nice
Sushi really good
Price for sushi good
Tonkotsu garlic ramen good broth flavor
Chashu and egg was good
BUT the noodles were over cooked, and not really ramen noodles.  Instead they used thin Chinese wheat flour noodles with no al dente at all. The ramen broth and toppings were on point, but the mismatch noodles kinda ruined it. 
And they charged $3 extra for a miso soup wasn't included in sashimi platter. 
Takoyaki was decent.  
That being said, will definitely go back for sushi and other dishes, but go elsewhere for ramen unless they change the noodle.Love this place. Same owner as Bubblefish and I'm a big fan of it. Food was delicious, servers are always friendly and the ambient is a big plus. Highly recommended.I consider myself a sushi snob and I really just can't say enough good things about Ginza. The seaweed salad is huge and so fresh. I love the bento box. I always get an assortment of rolls and every time they are amazing- I always want the same ones but then I forget and get new ones and they are all spectacular. Pennsport is so lucky to have such a great place. Kid friendly! They are so nice in there and the food is ready SO fast!! My husband is obsessed with the ramen, he also loves them all and always forgets which one he liked so he had ended up loving all of them. Thank you Ginza for all the noms!!A nice sushi spot in the heart of South Philadelphia. The interior was very nice and sushi was good. We also ordered the ramen which in my opinion did not have enough broth. The bowl had a tower of noodles (too much) and broth was room temperature. Tip: Server said to make sure you ask for extra broth. Ramen is normally served with very little soup (is that true?). I would go back for the sushi. Don't forget it is BYOb! Good addition to the neighborhood!Ramen was dope. Pork belly was fire. Gyoza was fire. Edamame was fire. That's all I gots to sayThis is an amazing place! I would totally recommend it to my friends.They got a big menu for different varieties of Japanese food! The service was phenomenal! The fish tasted extremely fresh! I am a salmon person so usually I save the salmon for last, but in here I did it with the red clam! It's the best red clam I had since my trip to Japan!
The Raman with the milky broth and king crab legs was good as well. The broth was a little sweeter than my expectation, but the crab legs were well seasoned and meaty, so it kind of made an even call.
I was disappointed that they didn't have the lobster sashimi at that night. Therefore I will probably come back to try that and also the uni( which my friend highly recommended)!
My conclusion: clean and neat restaurant, great service, fresh food, great value and I didn't like the music.First time here and it was awesome. Fresh sushi and lots to choose from. Reasonably priced.  Will go backI've only been here for the sushi and I have to say the fish cuts are thick, fresh, and there is decent variety. The deluxe chirashi and twin salmon roll are my favorites.Absolutely delicious!! Ordered the seaweed salad, sushi, sashimi and a few rolls. Everything was fantastic and the service was good tAwesome new spot to the neighborhood! Modern, clean, interesting menu - with some reliable options too! The owners seem really nice and welcoming and as little of a thing as it may be - each table gets tea sent to them; which is great! I suggest going here and splitting, well - everything.I absolutely love this place! My boyfriend and I go out for sushi a lot, which can get pretty expensive, but Ginza is incredibly affordable without compromising quality at all. I would say their food is actually better quality than a lot of more expensive places we've eaten. Everything is always delicious and the presentation is always beautiful as well. We usually get a sashimi tray or a chirashi bowl and a few smaller plates. We're especially crazy about an uni spoon they've had on special for a while now and we always order it. I hope they don't get rid of it any time soon! Would, without a doubt, recommend this place to anyone looking for sushi.It's definitely a winner. I had a spicy miso ramen with pork here.  Flavor is good. It's not that spicy. Also, had Delicious lobster sashimi, so glad I decided to try this. It was recommended to me by the waitress. She mentioned they don't have it all the time. Overall great addition to the neighborhood, great atmosphere restaurant, awesome menu options, and friendly service.This is probably my favorite sushi restaurant in the town, I went here twice, the food so delicious and the fish are so fresh. If you looking for sushi restaurant this is the best choice for you.A bit disappointed.
Had a friend in town and we went to try.  Waited over 10 min at the desk for the hostess to come out of the back and deal with the line at the door.  But ok, we were seated without a res which was great.
We had ordered ramen bowls and sushi rolls.  Waited probably 30 min for ramen bowls to come out and while I'd asked clearly for tofu instead of fish cakes, I was served the fish cake ramen bowl.  Waitress never stopped by to check in and we couldn't find her to get switch out my ramen bowl.  Ok, well, we ate our ramen bowls as we were starving which were just ok. Sushi rolls arrived but mostly fell apart on our plates. Again, I luv sushi so I don't mind picking up pieces but then noticed the tuna/salmon pieces weren't trimmed of skin and fat and were clearly the extra "discards" from sashimi. 
Price was reasonable and the waitress did remove the my fish ramen from the bill which I appreciated. Just dont think I'd go back with so many wonderful sushi/ramen spots in the city. I do realize this area is sortof limited and its an easy walk (maybe 3-5 min?) from UA riverview theater.Shocked by the poor reviews. First time trying Ginza, ordered take out. The Deluxe platter was super impressive, all the fish tasted fresh. Very pleased, looking forward to going back, and BYO!A hidden gem outside of the city. We had reservations for a party of 18. And with the size of the place, they were able to accommodate us and have the table ready on time. Its hard to serve such a big group, but they did a great job managing! The place is BYOB - and they even brought buckets to chill our drinks and shot glasses. They were also able to split our checks with no problem!
I ordered a bunch of appetizers to share with the table - and they gave us 2 orders each of tempura and squid balls. Both delicious! The spare ribs were tender and flavorful, the oysters were fresh, spicy edamame was addicting, and the hamachi jalapeño carpaccio was refreshing. I ordered the salmon poke for the entree - very fresh and marinated perfectly. They have a great selection on their menu, and I wanted to try them all. Great quality for fair prices - you can't beat that! When I go back - I have to their ramen!This spot rocks! It's not located centrally in the city but it's close to Penns Lansing and what the quality of fish is awesome. 
Presentation is awesome and I love the chirashi deluxe bowl that I ordered. The oysters were a bit small but overall, their fish is really fresh with generous portion. 
I've been coming back again and again every time I visit Philly.When I heard about this place, I had to give it a shot. Tried this with the boyfriend and thought it was pretty good. I had the Spicy Miso and loved it. Though my boyfriend tried the Black Garlic Tonkatsu, I believe, and he wasn't too impressed. We've had ramen from a bunch of places all over and even Japan (nothing can top Ichiran) so we're in between a 3 and 4 star. Decor is great as well as service. I love the artwork on the side wall of the dragon boat and overall, comfy place (plus chairs) that I'd like to come back to try other things like sushi.Just went back recently and took a friend who hadn't been yet and they loved it. Sashimi was good,black miso cod was good and their spider roll hit the spot.Best king crab Ramen ever eaten! Sushi is fresh and well prepared! Great service too! Two thumbs up!Amazing experience on our first visit.  Very cool interior design.  Wonderful service.   And everything we ordered was delicious - soup, apps, rolls, nigiri and sashimi.   Wonderful addition to the neighborhood.I stopped by South Philly with my friends the other day and came across this great restaurant. The food were delicious and the services were great! I got a Salmon Bento box that was beautiful and totally worth the price. I would definitely come back and recommend it to others!Had lunch today with my friend. I had the Black Pearl Roll and my friend had the Shrimp Udon. Both were absolutely delicious and I would definitely come back again. We also had Black Sesame Ice Cream for desert which was also excellent! Service was great!Have eaten in and gotten food to go multiple times and service and quality are always five stars. The sushi is fresh and delicious and SO affordable. BYOB is a major plus, I would take this over royal sushi and izakaya any day. Not the most upscale ambiance but it's clean and nicely decorated and comfortable. So happy this place came to the neighborhood!There are a few options in our pennsport neighborhood so we were excited when Ginza opened to have another. But this isn't just a good option it's an excellent option... In our area or any other.
Despite the nondescript exterior, the interior is beautiful, clean, modern and inviting.
The staff couldn't be nicer.
And the food -- oh the food! The ramen (esp spicy miso) is super delicious, with tender pork belly, corn and veggies. The rolls are fresh, big and delicious; we had a tuna with shrimp tempura and roe. The bento box lunches are an amazing deal for $14. The teriyaki shrimp came with a California roll, gyoza, salad and rice. 
It's byo so it keeps your tab down.
We have been there once this week, taken out once and are going back tomorrow -- we can't get enough!My wife and I went here for lunch, and had a delicious meal. We started by sharing a seaweed salad, which was very simple and elegant, but well worth it as an appetizer. She ordered the spicy tuna, spicy yellowtail, and the king crab California rolls. All of them were awesome, but the standout was the king crab roll. It was very juicy and sweet, not from any added sugar, but due to the quality of the crab. I got the tonkatsu bento box, which had a vast variety of items; all of them being fantastic. My favorite was the pork itself, which was crispy on the outside and melt in your mouth tender on the inside. A definite staple restaurant in Pennsport!Great place for good food at a reasonable price. Ginza is top of the list for date night. Nice staff. Great chefs. I tell everyone to go there.So far I have eaten at this restaurant maybe two times?  A friend of mine told me about this newly open restaurant when they just recently opened.  It is consider a small Japanese restaurant compare to other ones I have been to.  I would suggest calling ahead to reserve tables if you have a large party so they can make seating arrangements, because most of the tables there are tables for two or four.  The restaurant is fairly clean and have a relaxing interior design.  The food quality was not bad and taste fresh.  Their price seem to be on the top average line.
Side fact, the owner of this restaurant also owns Bubble Fish located on Arch St. in Chinatown.  Food from Bubble Fish are not bad at all too.
Based on my last two visits, one thing seems to be a negative for customer who's going to dine in with a baby stroller.  Because the restaurant isn't that big, I was having some trouble parking my stroller by the side of my table.  Just a side note for mommies who want to dine in here with their baby or little one.Great service and great food, thanks for that one asian waitress for giving us a great staying. Keep up the great workThis is the ultimate sushi spot! Fish is fresh and workers is fresh too! That server Ricky was quick, reliable and knows his pop culture. 
Food 10/5 
Customer service 11/5
Interior design 10/5 
Everything is so clean too!Great addition to the neighborhood. Fantastic sushi and wonderful presentation. I normally drive over the bridge to sagami for sushi. Now I can walk to blocks for the same great quality!!Great local sushi spot. Quick, inexpensive, delicious and BYO. Can't ask for much more.Fantastic sushi and ramen here. Awesome neighborhood BYOB. For anyone driving over there is plenty of parking in the neighborhood. Their Gyoza soup is one of my favorite starters. All sushi I have had there has been great. The Prism role is likely my favorite. Their ramen is so good also, all of it. Very large portions and really great prices.After three meals I'm left wishing that Ginza has better food. The BYOB option is a plus. The service is adequate, however (again) it comes back to the food. I'm specifically talking about the sushi here as I haven't had any hot items other than the average miso soup. The sushi rice was over cooked, gummy and excessively sweet on each of my visits. This doesn't set up the fish for success. The other major problem I have is the overwhelming size of the sliced fish itself. Once placed atop the rice the shear mass of the nigiri "bite" makes it nearly impossible to eat in one piece. I found the same to be true with the sashimi as the pieces were really large and thick making it very difficult to swallow. Lastly, I don't understand why there was jarred pickle relish on top of the salmon nigiri? Shit out to a hot dog maybe? Strange. All in all I think I've eaten my last Ginza meal. Try for yourself though as it may be your style.Very Good eats , but very limited select of beverages. Service was professional but there was no one checking if things were okay during my course .