I can't believe I never reviewed this place after all the years we have been stopping by.  My yelp game has been soft lately.  Anywho, I like to stop in for a cup o' joe.  It tastes good and has a lot of caffeine in it.  On top of the coffee they have great blueberry muffins, mini cinnamon muffins, and an awesome everything bagel.  It's large, crispy, and they aren't cheap with the cream cheese.  We especially like the customer service.  You know when you go to a coffee shop and say "How's it going?" and they give you an eat shit and die look?  Not Gleaner's!  They always have a smile on their face and are very nice and welcoming.  I drive the whole way from Fitler Square to get coffee there..that's how much I like it.  I highly recommend!I stop by this place every time I'm in Philly... It's a gem of a coffeeshop! The staff is so sweet. On my most recent visit, I spilled my boyfriend's large coffee everywhere on accident and they were SO nice about it. They gave him another one for no extra charge. Wonderful people, delicious coffee!!If I were a bagel, I would want to find my untimely end here. I would sacrifice my bready body to become their painkiller sandwich. The hole inside me would be filled with the love and warmth that is scrambled eggs with sharp cheddar cheese (and spicy ketchup, if you're feeling a bit spicy!)
Make sure to grab an iced coffee - it's not cold brew, but it is strong and delicious, not unlike me. 
The ladies of gleaners are planning on making a calendar this upcoming season. I'm helping to secure the dragons they're going to need to pose with. There will be a companion soundtrack with music by Dio and friends.I would've written a review while I was sitting there devouring my Painkiller bagel sandwich but it was so yummy that there was no way I could stop eating! I've gotten this sandwich for years and still think it's the best darn breakfast egg sandwich in the whole city. It's so satisfying. The bagel is fresh and a great one, and the combination of simple ingredients is perfect. The spicy ketchup makes it even better. I've had the hummus one too and it's  just as delicious. You can get super pastries there too and some are vegan! They're really tasty and not too crazy sweet either. Equally great in my opinion is that Tara has to be in the top 5 best customer service in Philadelphia. It's comfortable and there are plenty of tables. I'm sick of cafes where the people are disconnected and trying to act too cool to even look at you, but at Gleaner's they're awesome, warm, friendly and connected. In my opinion Gleaner's is a Philly institution by now. Get off your phone and go eat and talk at Gleaners Hippie Heaven with heavenly treats! Just sorry I didn't write a review sooner!I don't go to Gleaner's very often, but I get the feeling that this is the "Cheers" of coffee shops - I can't think of any others like it in the city. If I lived a little closer, I'd probably be here all the time. My cousin is a regular here, and I'm pretty sure it's no longer the closest coffee shop to him.
This is the coffee shop you go to to make friends and have a nice morning.I take walks with my friend Mary a couple of mornings a week.  We generally walk to the Italian Market and back home - stopping at Gleaners for a cup of coffee while there.  I never get a hint of recognition despite our frequency.  On the plus side they always have local art displayed and your 10th coffee is free - you can even store your punch card at the desk.  The outdoor seating is plentiful and if it is too packed there is always Anthony's just a few doors down.This artsy fartsy coffee shop has amazing breakfast sandwiches. A++++I've lived in Philadelphia for about two years now, and lived in three different neighborhoods here. One thing I look for when I move to a new neighborhood is a good coffee shop to become a regular at. I have very high standards (being a starbucks barista for a few years gave me a general distaste for the cheesy corporate atmosphere) and Gleaner's meets all of them. It has a really homey, kitschy atmosphere-The open, inviting door with a dog bowl full of water next to it, the hippie types sitting outside talking intensely, the bulletin board completely covered with postcards and flyers for events that happened weeks ago, the adorable hipster baristas, the weird art covering the walls and tables...not to mention the coffee is great (La Colombe),  the bagels are delicious, and they offer all kinds of vegan deliciousness. I'm in love.Ok I have now become a regular and it def. deserves 5 stars! I have since tried almost all the sandwiches and have never been disappointed. It has been quite some time that I found a place that I want to go to daily. Sometimes I dash in for a quick coffee and other times I linger for a long time reading, chatting, and just being happy to know there are still neighborhood places where people care enough to not just remember your name but get to know ya. Super Cool!I don't spend a lot of time in the Italian Market area,but when I do I am always sure to stop by Gleaners.  This place has the best coffee and a great atmosphere. It is very inviting.  I have had some of their desserts (can't remember what exactly) and they were always great as well.  The employees are friendly and welcoming and the seating is comfortable.  I like sitting outside on a nice day to people watch.  I keep reading about these bagel sandwiches! Will  def try one of those next time!One of my favorite places in the whole city. I love the people, the music and the bagel sandwiches. They're incredible. It's cheap and friendly. Everyone knows each other. It's really nice to walk in, get a warm greeting, order a phenomenal sandwich (get The Gleaner) and sit surrounded by local art. If you are going to the Italian Market and need a bite, or a good coffee, go to Gleaners.Gleaner's is my GO-TO place in the Italian market. The staff is amazingly friendly and so welcoming to pets.  They always have treats at the ready for my dalmatian Gryffin.  I will say to the one review posted previously that this staff really does care about their customers and want to accommodate them in any way, shape or form.  There is a post on the door that dogs are not allowed inside, but the staff allow you to bring them in to order your food.  Then you can go sit outside to enjoy their scrumptious sandwiches.   Especially on high traffic days like the weekends, they can't have dogs sitting inside where people can trip over the dog.  
ANYWAYS, this place is phenomenal. They have such great deals on sandwiches, their bagels are fresh and "The Gleaner" sandwich is by far the greatest sandwich in Philadelphia. That is if you like your mouth to have a party with every bite.  GO here. Stay here.  Come here often.  They deserve every bit of business because they are A-MAZING!This is a small place located in the heart of the Italian market.  They are extremely friendly and small amount of food offered looks fresh and homemade.
I always get the same thing, a iced chai tea latte on warmer days and a chai tea latte (hot) on colder days.  Something about this chai is so addicting and delicious, compared to Starbucks.Location: Great
Decor: Really good. They have lots of interesting details and art everywhere. I especially love the tabletops!
Coffee: Fair. Standard Philly coffee shop serving average La Colombe brew and a pretty bad machiatto. But like I said, that's typical for Philly.
Food: Can't say much, but I did have a very good vegan chocolate chip cookie. 
Service: BAD. Despite the otherwise coolness of the place and it's great location on my walk home from work, I will not patronize Gleaner's because their service is awful. Their employees are pretentious and rude. The other customers are pretentious and rude. Going in here invokes the feeling of stepping into a high school clique where you don't belong. 
Skip Gleaner's, and check out Anthony's just a few doors down. Their macchiato is just as bad, but at least they aren't making it their business plan to alienate customers with their bad attitudes.AMAZING!!!!!!!
I am absolutely in love with this place.
I used to live right in the Italian Market and I would go there almost every single day. 
The coffee is fantastic, I would usually just get a large regular coffee, and all the girls knew me by name and were super friendly, they never forgot that I liked extra room for milk.
All the food and pastries are fantastic, never ate anything I didn't like!As of late I have been spending a lot of time in this area.  I go to Gleaner's at least 3 times a week, sometimes multiple times in a day and my high opinion of this place remains.  The coffee is fantastic and reasonably priced and those bagels ARE good!I love this place...just went for a stroll and stumbled upon it but loved the vibes...the woman working was very friendly and inviting. Definitely one of my fave new spots.What can I say? I've been a patron of this fine South Philly cafe right in the middle of the wonderful Italian Market on 9th street for about four years. It has everything to offer from great fair-trade coffee, desserts, and the best bagel sandwiches you will ever bite into. Everything is made/delivered fresh and prepared right there. The service is awesome and if you become a regular the Ladies and uno Gent of the establishment will more then become good friends and people to talk to for odds and ends, advice, etc.. There's definitely a neighborhood mesh atmosphere just as you stumble into the rustic, hand-me-down look of what is truly a gleaner's setting. 
My suggestion for this summer... 
Come in the morning, get a tall glass of iced coffee and a delicious 'Baby's Mamma' bagel sandwich which consists of fresh mozzarella and tomato. You can't go wrong and if you're up for it, guess their 'Quote of the Day' to win a free coffee and get your card punched to later build up credit for a free coffee as a frequent goer.Great coffee. Great hangover breakfast sandwiches. The Staff is super friendly and hands out Hershey kisses. Only con, it's a bit small. Not really an ideal place to sit inside and hang out. A great little neighborhood coffee shop.I will echo others who have claimed Gleaner's to be cute - it really is. The staff is friendly and there's always traffic in and out of this place, so clearly they're doing something right.
If you're looking to grab a coffee to-go, Gleaner's is just fine. However, due to the size, I'm not sure it's conducive for working. Space is cramped and it's rather loud, so if you do come to work, perhaps bring some headphones.
The menu boasts a variety of coffee drinks and sandwiches, but I found it to be on the pricier side. Also, cash only, which may deter those of us who rarely carry the green stuff.Good cup of coffee if you take it to go.  Not family friendly since it has limited seating. Kids love the bagels.  GREAT HANGOUT for the hipster crowdOk so I just popped in here for an espresso...
Very quirky and that's ok.  I liked it.  Whomever was working behind the counter was very nice.  I ordered a double espresso and it came out a minute later.  Ok, so it wasn't in a demitasse but that's ok.  It was good.  I would definitely go back for a quick shot.
I did notice the sandwiches on the board.  They looked really really good.  I will go back for a quick breakfast on a weekend and write up another review.  So far, so good.  I'm glad I went here.Coffee here is wonderful. Quaint atmosphere right on the main drag of the Italian Market. Staff is friendly and can't forget the Hershey kiss offered!For some reason, every time I'm in the Italian Market and want coffee, I make a beeline to Anthony's and walk right past Gleaner's without a thought. On this particular day I decided to stop in and give them a try --so glad I did!
I noticed right away that they use La Colombe's coffee, which I was super excited about. Secondly, the barista was amazing! She was super friendly and easy to talk to and when I told her that I was going to sit outside in the little seating area, she jumped from behind the counter and wiped down a chair and table for me!
This little cafe is a great spot to hang out and catch up with an old  friend or just sit outside and people watch!The Gleaner is absolutely delicious! With a generous portion of fresh mozzarella, marinated artichokes, pesto and sliced tomato it's an Italian market twist on the Sunday bagel.Bring your vegetarian friends here. Discounts are available for correctly guessing the quote of the day, and ordering one of the sandwiches in a funny voice. The decor is grudge, the sandwiches are killer, the environment is small, and the hot chocolate has the perfect amount of whipped cream.Gleaner's serves La Colombe Coffee - my favorite.  I always end up with a cookie or brownie too.  The atmosphere is good for small groups to socialize, and it has a strong group of regulars.  It's never loud, but is child friendly, so I wouldn't bring my laptop to get any work done.  It is the most comfortable, casual coffee spot on the Italian market, with a nice small outdoor seating area - perfect for people watching.
The staff is always nice, willing to chat, and they give you a Hershey Kiss with every coffee.  It's always a pleasant experience - even if I'm rushing to work in the morning!The Painkiller is the perfect eggy fix for a hangover. Ketchup not quite as spicy as advertise but still quite delish!Gleaners is a tiny, colorful and character-filled coffee shop that usually has (insert overused perjorative term for counter-culture here) people sitting outside under a raggedy Italian Market tarp. The place is a little too small and usually too occupied for me to feel comfortable. But $1 gets my thermos filled up with the strongest brewed La Colombe in the city, and in the end that's all I really care about.tasty coffee and baked treats. nice ambiance, if you want to call it that. I like that they occasionally showcase local artists. Its a nice little spot to go read a book on a rainy day.For the category of coffee shops that serve breakfast sandwiches this pace is the best.  Every sandwich I've had is delicious. Recommend the gleaner or painkiller(fresh mozzarella vs prefect cooked eggs).  Coffee is solid. Street seating so you can watch the Italian market activity.  Nice staff.perfect place to enjoy coffee outdoors in the italian market.  with your delicious coffee comes a free refill AND a hershey's kiss.  i mean, what else do you really want?  while the musical selections can be a bit much at times- i'm not so into hard-core punk while sipping coffee mid-afternoon- the staff is lovely and there is always good people watching/listening to be had. all round good spotA very solid coffee shop in the Italian Market. No-frills and an extensive selection of bagel sandwiches to offer. 
They brew La Colombe, which is always a good option, and with every purchase...they give you a Hershey's Kiss! It's pretty nice. My favorite beverage here is the Dirty Americano which is a shot of espresso and coffee. 
Definitely check out Gleaner's if you find yourself in need of coffee on an early morning in the Market.On the second visit here, I found this little coffee shop as welcome and inviting as the first time I patronized it.  The coffee was the delicious pick-me-up I needed and the service was warmer than I get at S-bucks.  When at the Italian Market on 9th, just south of Christian St, this is as good a place as any to get that caffeine fix.
Oh, the Hershey kisses don't hurt none, neither.The Coffee here was awesome! I'm not sure of the blend, but it had a very smooth texture and was slightly sweet. I'm not sure about how the pastries here are; my mom ordered one, and said that she enjoyed it! I love the progressive vibe of this place and the fact that they have so many vegan baked items! I gotta try some of them out next time I'm in Philly!I think this is the only place in South Philly with a restroom for customers! But seriously, buy something if you're gonna use it. Don't be "that guy."
The tables have cool art on them, and the walls are filled with art. I think it might've been for sale and by one of the baristas because we got to chatting, and she said she's a printmaking major. There were three people working when we came, and they were all so friendly! We even talked about the tacos we got before coming here, and she even knew where we went (go to Prima Pizza down the street)! 
The coffee was really good. They use La Colombe and even had regular sized (pound?) bags for sale. Prices were average for a cute little coffee place like this. 
I think I might be going to a different cafe (this one) when I do my Italian Market shopping from now on...what more can i say about gleaners:
great bagel sandwiches
great coffee
nice staff
great place to hang.Lucky find. Finally  a property extracted espresso (i.e. not sour at all). Lovely staff & tasty, inexpensive bagels with a quality twist on tradition. Be proud Philly!!Yes Gleaners! One of the better Iced coffees in South Philly and the Gleaner Sandwich is BOMB. Great place to sit outside and people watch in the Italian Market. Sweet and friendly staff. Really incredible find in the Italian Market. Trust the reviews!i just went for the first time. i just moved to s philly after living in old city for 3 1/2 years. i have been driving to cafe ole' everyday because i couldnt find a good cup of coffee anywhere. (i know i'm snobby like that). i looked up coffee places and found this one. it's still about a mile 1/2 away, so i ran over. well, its awesome. exactly what i want in a coffee place. great coffee. no flashy bells and whistles. good music, nice crowd of regulars. i didnt try the food because i had to run home. but i will next time. a couple store fronts down is a "fancy" coffee place.  not my style. the only reason i cant give it 5 stars is because i havent eaten there yet, and my heart belongs to cafe' ole. but i will be back to gleaners.Fresh La Colombe coffe and pretty lady's giving it to you. What the fuck else could you want!?It's legendary to me. I've spent a lot of time here over the years, especially in my early time in Philly. Stopped by today and nothing's changed. Great bagels, great coffee, with a Hershey kiss, too. I love it. (Cash only, though? Over it.)I was pleasantly surprised by how warm and kind the staff is as I expected a typical prompt attitude. Their coffee was good, and they also hand out Hershey kisses for each coffee :) 
Only downside is that the place is too small, but there are outdoor seatings so it should not be a big deal. 
Overall, I still recommend it because of the friendly staff, cool deco and welcoming vibe.This isn't the best coffee I've ever had, but I can appreciate the atmosphere, the outdoor seating, the gallery space, and the discount for bringing your own cup.  Oh yeah, and good vegan goodies!I'm a vegetarian and I came here with a friend on my way to the airport and the place was just the cutest thing. They definitely are veggie friendly and the staff is great. The food was amazing and fresh. They coffee was also delicious. I would definitely come back if I'm in the area.Came in and was told there was no wifi?! What kind of cafe offers no wifi? Also, super small and dingy in there.Cozy atmosphere, strong coffee, varied selection of both sweet & savory snacks. The baristas are always welcoming and sweet (even though I feel completely out of place not being a hipster). Love the Holy Diver sandwich: roasted peppers, onion, provolone & mustard on a wheat bagel. Check out featured local artists around the shop while you wait - although it's never too long!I have been in multiple times and dogs would be sitting inside, chilling, eating bagels served by the staff...i thought this was cute and wanted to bring my dog. I go today and they tell me my dog cannot eat iinside because its against the health code. Wtf. What about every other time i have come. I assume they will let their friends and other mega hipsters bring their dogs and not me?! This was obnoxious. Next time i am in, im taking pics and sending to the health department. Jerks.Cons: Over roasted coffee. Muffins and bagels poor quality. 
Pros: Attracts people who enjoy talking to strangers. Great people watching in the heart of the Italian market. Good whoopie pies.After surviving vendor after vendor we finally found a resting spot. it is rather hippy, dippy do: many vegan and gluten free cookies/treats. Me and the hubs had the Gleaner. OMG- please do your tastebuds a favor and check this place out.Perfect coffee, great sandwiches, fantastic art, and wonderful staff....what more could you ask for??  The best place in the market to people watch from the outdoor seating or big picture window inside.  If Steve is behind the counter, you're in for a treat.  He makes an amazing iced mocha, and make sure to call him "Sunshine".  He likes that.This is a cute, eccentric cafe/gallery with good La Colombe beans-based espresso drinks and even better service.  My iced latte was spot-on and the friendly barista was more than happy to use soymilk.  I also got a vegan chocolate chip cookie, which was very good and went perfectly with the coffee.  Will be back on a cooler day to try the breakfast sandwiches, which looked huge and quite delectable.  Today was just too hot for me to attempt a huge morning meal.Love the egg and sharp cheddar bagels here and I typically have such a great experience!  I crave it! I probably stop in 3x a week.  Friendly, accommodating, delicious.  I'm not sure if I have ever come on a Sunday though cause I had different baristas.  The one girl with long dark hair was lovely and polite the other girl so stern and rather difficult. The dark hair girl took our order and the taller thin stern girl messed up both our coffees and our sandwiches. No ketchup doesn't mean slather it on and decaf latte doesn't mean caffeinated cappuccino. Ice coffee doesn't mean hot coffee.  I come every week and order the same decaf latte with extra frothy milk. Every other barista and coffee shop I frequent "has the means" to accommodate or laughs and mentions something about it being inbetween a  cappuccino and a latte. No need to be so tightly wound up.  When the bagels and the hot coffee both come out wrong don't make me feel like I was the issue. Not cool. Still need to give Gleaners 4 stars cause they usually kick ass.  
Review was written sometime in September. Just got around to "finishing the review"....Lovely cafe, good coffee, and packed with cool art, flyers, posters, and other alternative-scene goings ons in Philly. Everything good about a local coffee shop.Excellent breakfast sandwiches and my go to spot for bagels in the Italian Market. Very sweet staff and relaxing atmosphere.Great breakfast place with $2 muffins. They also serve mini (like, really mini) muffins and cinnamon rolls for 50 cents so if you have a tiny sweets craving, definitely check it out. This is a cute breakfast area to take your out-of-town friends to if you don't feel like cooking them breakfast...which is exactly what I did! 
The seating is a little cramped, it's a very small space, but there's outside seating available as well to help offset the interior. The drinks are made well and the two baristas were very friendly and clearly had regulars.I love this place and always get coffee here before work. The staff is really friendly and the coffee is really good. Their whoopie pies, especially the pumpkin ones, are delicious! There's always an interesting mix of conversation and music to listen to. A pretty diverse crowd of people comes through, and there's a good number of fellow south philly locals that I see in the mornings sometimes. Overall there's a really warm, friendly atmosphere here.This is a cool little coffee shop at the Italian Market. As soon as you walk in, there are very interesting paintings on the wall and the tables have cool drawings on them, so big plus for atmosphere. The staff was friendly and made you feel very welcomed. The Iced Americano was a great pick me up after an early start to my day, and the mini cinnamon rolls were delicious. I will be a frequent return to this place when I am in the area.Nice little neighborhood coffee shop in the Italian Market with yummy breakfast sandwiches to boot! The barista was fun to chat with and she made my egg and cheese sandwich specially to order, so all of that made me feel right at home.  As many coffee shops as there are around that part of town, Gleaners is great for those who love a coffee shop with an artsy, eclectic feel, great food and coffee, and great conversation!As a warm-blooded Colombian male... I can't walk by a coffee shop, beans-a-roastin', and not stop on in. Well what a pleasant surprise this lil' gem was. Where do I begin?!! 
Let's start with the coffee- La Colombe is what they serve here and as I sat and sipped I was transported to my post-doc days on the left bank... And then...
I saw the desserts. My chunky aunt always said "eat dessert first" and boy did she ever. But I digress, the pastries here are utterly delectable- tiny muffins, cheese croissants and cookies... Oh the cookies. 
But the cookie was only the beginning because it was lunchtime and a bagel sandwich called my name, much like one of Odysseus' sirens. But unlike him, I welcomed the call. I ordered an Alder Street Dave, on an everything bagel- score!!! I don't know this Dave or what street he lives on but this sandwich was incredible- almost as incredible as the hot little number that made it for me. Piled high and they even toasted the bagel... Hummus more like yummus! 
But as I look up from this perfect platter of earthly delights I notice something, actually a few things, and those things are the lovely creatures working at this shop. And let me just say their hiring policy must be no uggo's and no blondes... That's a policy I can get behind! 
I'm new to this whole Yelp thing, but I thought this place deserved a big thumbs up from Rollie- take it sleazy!Nice nook. It's not real spacious but it's cozy and enough to kick back with a paper or book at any time of the day. The decor and artwork is interestingly fun. Coffee is good. Bagel sandwiches were delicious. Had a good cup of chai as well. 
Didn't enjoy it too much when the school kids let out and invaded the place.Metal in the morning - it soothes the soul. Cheap, tasty coffee. Nice baristas. Delicious bagel sandwiches. I only gave it four stars because i've been there a few times, but I forsee it bumped to five with continued patronage.I love this place.  It saves me from arriving too early to my job and it makes me happy on really bad days.  I have had their coffee- I don't order coffee much, but when I do, I will get a mocha latte.  I've tried it with skim milk, almond milk (not my fancy I discovered), and soy milk.  Their vegan treats are also pretty damn awesome.  If I lived closer to this cafe, I'd be there almost every day.  
I really enjoy the art on the walls and on the tables.  (My ties for favorite table are the Skull with the hat and Where the Wild Things Roam).  This place is fantastic!  Not to mention, I get a kiss every time I stop by!....a Hershey kiss, but hey, it's all relative.  Walk a few blocks and go here instead of the Starbucks on South.  You'll enjoy the experience.I've been here a couple times now and both of them have been great experiences.  This place pulls off "cool" without being assholes, the service staff is amazing and easy to talk to and the space is really neat.   The last time I went I ordered a bagel and they really didn't skimp on the cream cheese, oh and it came with a Hershey's kiss garnish. How adorable.  I'm not going to pretend to be a coffee snob so I'm rating this shop on service and atmosphere in which it gets two enthusiastic thumbs up!and now, another episode of "coffee snob diaries"....
My #1 favorite cup of coffee in the world is from Anthony's. So, when Vinny and I met up for our weekly coffee klatch/check-in session on a holiday, we were horrified (i think his beard actually jumped off his face like wooly willy). 
What are 2 java purists to do? I mean, REALLY - what is the plan when the promise of caffeine is ripped right from under your greedy little hands? 
UUUUhhhhhmmmmmmmmm.......???????????????????
"Gleaners is open?"
Me: "I dunno...they're just so WEIRD there..." 
I had been accustomed to seeing a rotating motley crew of punkers, squatters, and all other manner of "fragrant" clientele ever since I can remember. But when in a pinch....hey, i like new things.
Consensus: 5 - NAY, TEN! TEN stars. Impressive and not at all what i had created in my runaway imagination. In my head, a little avatar of Ali G. said " respect." 
So, friends, when presented with a choice, i think it is more a matter of soundtrack (whatever your mood desires - Nino Rota or the Ramones), and maybe how stuffed up your nose is. I'm joking, really. Gleaners is all lilies and roses. The baristas gave all the regulars special deodorant soaps for their allegiance.Great bagel sandwiches here.  I love the Painkiller (egg sandwich) or the one that is Cream Cheese, Tomatoes, Red Onions and I usually ask for cucumbers too for an extra crunch. The only reason that I'm not 100% happy is because there is not bacon or any meat. However, there is still so much to offer so that's why they get 5 stars anyways! :) 
Another reason this place stands out is the art! There is always art on the walls that is rotating every few months.Quaint little café with duhlicious coffee and friendly staff, more specifically Shannon is super nice and accommodating.IMMA LET YOU FINISH BUT GLEANER'S PAINKILLER ON AN EVERYTHING BAGEL IS THE BEST BREAKFAST SANDWICH IN THE CITYYYYYY!!!!!!
Staff is insanely nice and knowledgeable about all of their regulars. The music selection is top-notch and the ambiance is just what you want from a coffee shop. This place has a real vested interest in its community; I'm so glad to see the love going both ways. I hear they buried Mikey Wild underneath the floorboards.I like Gleaners a lot, it is very convenient walk from my boyfriends apartment, I get coffee or tea from there on a regular basis. 
I haven't had many of their desserts, but they all look delicious sitting there and their chocolate chip cookies are perfect.
I usually go for a mocha drink or a chai and they are both tasty.
They always have a small entourage hanging inside and outside of the cafe, I know I'm not the only one that likes it.If I'm feeling down and need a quick reminder of why I love living in Philly, this is where I go. If I'm running around the neighborhood doing errands and need a strong cup of coffee or a tasty treat to keep me moving, this is where I go. If I have a friend visiting from out of town and we need breakfast or a snack, or are just out exploring the Italian Market, this is where I go. 
Gleaner's is one of my very favorite places to go in Philly. The vibe immediately puts you in a good mood--the cafe has a comfortingly warm, eclectic feeling that is reinforced by the decor (always including some unique art by local artists), the super-wonderful employees behind the bar, and the cast of interesting people from the neighborhood that stop in throughout the day. If there is a table available, hanging around makes for great people-watching and occasionally some fun interactions. The staff seem to genuinely know and remember everyone they've seen before, and are friendly and helpful to random people who wander in.
I appreciate a strong, dark cup of coffee, and I always get it here. In terms of food, the bagels are usually pretty good, as are the muffins I've had. I've tried the Baby's Momma sandwich (tomato, basil, and mozzarella) on an everything bagel and really enjoy it, especially with plenty of the pesto mayo. If I want something more traditionally breakfasty, I like the Painkiller (eggs, cheddar, and homemade spicy ketchup). Perhaps the only thing I wish for, as a carnivore, is the option to add bacon to a breakfast sandwich--though I understand that not having meat options is probably an intentional choice, logistically or ideologically, if not both. I did once get the Painkiller, take it home (luckily just a couple blocks away), and fry up a couple pieces of turkey bacon to put on it... and it was basically the best breakfast sandwich ever. Maybe I'll just bring my own turkey bacon with me next time so I can still hang out (just kidding... or am I??). ;)
As others have mentioned, each order comes with a Hershey's kiss. From beginning to end, it's a lovely local coffee shop experience. You really can't go wrong stopping by when you're in the area!I first came here back in February, when they hosted my friend's art show. They were so sweet and accommodating - at the time I was too broke to be eating out or even buying coffee, and they didn't give me a hard time for sitting in there for ages without ordering anything. (I make sure to tip extra now, to make up for my first visit...) I went back yesterday for the first time, and was struck anew by how much I loved the atmosphere - the art, the coziness, the friendly baristas. And this time I found out how good their food and coffee are! Their bagel sandwiches are delicious and will leave you absolutely stuffed, and I disagree with the reviewer who said their coffee was over-roasted. Their iced coffee, at any rate, was perfect and not nearly as acidic and bitter as, say, Starbucks'. I wish this place weren't so far out of my way, because I'd come here every day if I could.Walking in for the first time, I didn't know what to expect. I have my go-to coffee spots but wanted to branch out a bit and try a new place. I walked to Gleaner's, located in the heart of the Italian Market, on a Saturday morning to find it was everything I hoped it would be. Walking in, it was a bit overwhelming at first. It's a small place with lots of art and posters and eye-catching things on the walls. I had to take a few minutes to take in all of the sights, as they had specials posted on a separate chalk board. I initially didn't want to order it, as I know it's "basic", but I eventually caved and got the Pumpkin Spice Late with soy milk. One thing that I love is that they didn't charge extra for using soy! You could get any kind of milk you wanted at no additional cost (which is a huge plus in this day and age). My mate got a large coffee and oh boy was it huge! I think it must have been a 24 ouncer. Mine was a "small" at I think like 14 ounces, I'm not sure. We sat and took in the sights to find that all different kinds visited this place. It looks like your typical hipster place but the clients definitely don't always fall into this category. I didn't feel out of place for not being a certain way or type, which is always good. I didn't get any food, but would definitely be willing to give it a try and will certainly be back! 
Oh CASH ONLY!I've walked by it a few items but never went in because it seemed like the kind of hipster place that would charge too much for mediocre food simply because it's served by cool people. I was very wrong - well, you are served by cool people - but the sandwiches are actually AWESOME! They're great combinations of flavors on pretty decent bagels; and for the size of the sandwich, they're ridiculously cheap ($5 to $6). They also have tiny cupcakes and cinnamon buns for 50 cents - I haven't tried them yet, but I know they're going to be a perfect bite-size snack in my future.Indie coffee bar - this is as great as it gets!  We "stumbled" upon this place with our 4yo daughter when the other nearby, well-known, sit-down breakfast establishments had wait-times of at least 40 mins (if your 4yo says she's hungry, you must get food immediately). The staff is super nice.  (I mean, really.  Are people in Philly really this nice, or is DC where we're from just full of snobs?!)  And the food... SIGH.  I've never had Philadelphia cream cheese like THIS (i.e., not from the supermarket in a grey & white tub) - creamy and melt in your mouth delish.  The bagel was perfect.  The cheesy eggs was perfect. My husband's tomato & mozarella sandwich was perfect.  And our 4yo left with a full belly.  And we'd still be in line if we went to the other places!  
One negative to our visit was this hipster couple sitting at one of the tables (it's cozy in there) - our stroller rolled away and accidently tapped his elbow, and he gave us a mean glance over his shoulder even though I apologized.  Whatever, you'll wake up one day too and realize that kids happened to YOU.  ... Or maybe they're visiting from DC.Cafe a lait prepared to perfection.  Would have been superb in a heavy ceramic mug w/a wide brim.  Gleaner sandwich was incredible: fresh mozzarella w/tasty slab of tomato, tender, well-seasoned artichoke hearts  & slice of Sharp red onion.  Sesame bagel was fresh & toasted.   Delish!  Definitely a local place, but everyone is welcomed by the friendly, cheerful  staff.  Great people watching spot from the first table.  A superb spot for a chilly fall Sunday morning.Still very friendly baristas. Very welcoming.  They use La Colombe coffee  and also sell the beans! I had hot Americano, which was nice and strong. They sell pastries, bagels and sandwiches. Looks like they have some veggie sandwiches too. I always visit this coffeehouse when I am in the neighborhood!I popped in here on a quick trip to Philadelphia from New York & I totally dig it.  I told my companion that Gleaner's met all of my coffee shop criteria: good music, nice staff, good coffee, good seating. Plus, it was clean & warm & interesting.  I didn't actually have any coffee, but my friend said his was very good & I believe him.  But best of all was the friendly baristo* who did not roll his eyes or scoff when I asked him if Dio was playing on the sound system. I like this place enough to come back to Philly just for a chance to go again!
* Is barista unisex? I hate this word, & its variations. I always feel like I'm misusing "barrister" when I say/type it.Good coffee, good prices, friendly staff - all in the heart of south Philly's Italian Market, perfect.We found this little coffee walking around in philly during Sunday morning, and I'm glad we did! We had the best cappuccino and blueberry muffin! They have a lot of sweet options and the place is really cute and cozy. The only take cash.Consistently awesome. The first place I go when: I've just got back into town and have no food at home, have an early morning, need a place to just sit and read the paper, or am hungover and looking for a cure. Friendly baristas.