The ribs here are delicious! They are seasoned well and pretty tender. You can buy cooked or uncooked ribs by the pound, get rib sandwiches, and they also have some sides. My friend and I only got 1/2 pound since we were sharing a few things with a group, but it was definitely one of the best things we had that day. They give you the sauce separately and offer mild or spicy. I asked for both but unfortunately there wasn't much difference. I didn't really feel any heat from the spicy so I'd recommend the mild for a more sweet flavor.The food taste great with the ribs are so tender they are falling off the bone I would definitely come back. The line moved Very fast and the staff was super friendlyYUM! i got a rib sandwich from The Rib Stand because the lines on everything else were 2 miles long! This is a hidden gem right near doors that seemed like the back from where i walked in.
I'm so glad i stopped here because it was Amish cooking (drool) and it was so worth it! I got a combo with a sandwich (add the cheese!!) 2 sides and a drink for $9 bucks (after tax). Very nice,quick and delicious.
This was such a good deal considering everything else costs about the same without a side, let alone 2 AND a drink! lol 
I was here for a conference and this is what I had for lunch BOTH days i was there. yummmyy! Would def recommend! :)I hate to write it but I was disappointed especially after reading other reviews on Yelp giving a good rating. But I can be fussy on some type foods and Bar-b-que is definitely one of them. 
In my trying to avoid carbs went with just a container of boneless pork with both type sauces. The extra sauce cost .30 which I thought was kind of pushing it. The size wish I figured equate to the amount I would have on a sandwich was OK but nothing to get wide-eyed over.
The overall taste was good but I had  more then expected amount of juice in the bottom of the container though I didn't watch them put the pork in the container it looks like they had more of a ladle that did not also strain the juices out.
The sauces were small in amount as well so I wasn't able to cover my serving to get a full flavor filling bite.
Perhaps after my WoW experience at Mark's Feed and the world's largest pork sandwich in Louisville a couple of weeks ago put my rating curve Wow high but the leaving my chair at the Rib Stand was simply disappointedIn my office at lunch time, this wonderful barbecue-like aroma would fill a couple of cubes nearby mine. I inquired about where can I smell this up close and in person and found out it comes from the Rib Stand. Now I'll be honest. I was very apprehensive since I'm not a big fan of ribs. Man, my opinion drastically changed. This stand is one of the few run by the Pennsylvania Amish and you can just taste the TLC they put in the food! 
I tried their rib sandwich with cheese and their "hot" sauce with cheese. The hot's in quotes because I think it's has a nice kick, but it's not hot like "i want to cut my tongue off". Very juicy!!! I wish they had a side of the au jus and would just sell that! It's a must try sandwich in the market! The potato wedges were also very delicious and well seasoned with plenty of herbs and spices. The mac and cheese was also tasty, but I wasn't as impressed with it like the sandwich or the wedges.The boneless rib sandwich - OMG the most amazing thing I've ever eaten in Philly.Oh yeah!  Love this place.  Just ate some delish rib sandwich goodness with mac-n-cheese and green beans.  So good.  The "hot" sauce is really more tangy and vinegary.  The regular is sweeter but more flavorful to me.  
I love Wednesday's because the Amish are there and make my lunch break.So many rib sandwiches.  So many potatoes.  So many sides of mac and cheese! 
This place is absolutely phenomenal and most people don't even know it's there! I'm actually pretty happy they dont, because the line is always short and easy to get to! 
These Amish do it right!I come to Reading Terminal at least once a month and I always get these ribs. A pound for $11 including the sauce- they never disappoint. Dry rub with the hot sauce (not too hot), classic.Had the baby back ribs when they came straight out of the oven. The kind of ribs where the meat comes right off the bones, are tender but not soft (where it sheds to little chunks), and marinated enough that you still enjoy the meat.
Price is good. It's a stand, so obviously it's quick. Service is good. I like that area of the market.No tables so to go orders only.  It was very convenient though as it was right by an exit door at The Reading Market Terminal.
Being from TN and GA I was not expecting to go north and get good barbecue but I was wrong.  We were attending a conference next door and at the last minute one of my committees decided on a working lunch.  Grab it quick and join everyone with your meal.  I followed someone who looked like they knew where they were going
I had the baby backs, mac'n cheese with green beans.  Felt like I was back home.  The meat was falling off the bones perfect and didn't need sauce. That's always my test, if it needs sauce it's not really that good.
I had plenty to share with others too, lots of good barbecue!Melt in your mouth ribs!!! Perfect rub/flavors too, pairing with hot BBQ sauce, amAZing!!!Gonna give you guys the long version.
I was actually heading to DeNic's for the s00pr famous pulled pork.  I had gotten myself through a shitty couple of days by psyching myself up for this sandwich, only to arrive and find live jazz (??), a banner proclaiming that sandwich the best sandwich in Amurrika and possibly one hundred people in line for, um, that sandwich.
I had fifteen minutes before work at a vegan hotspot.
Somewhat dejected -- which means anything I ate should have been a sad second fiddle -- I wandered over until I found the Amish BBQ I vaguely remembered a friend trying.  For 8.40$, you can get a boneless rib sandwich, two sides and a drink.
I forked over the cash and went to sit outside.
Dear.  Baby.  Jesus.
The sandwich was mind-blowing.  The bread was soft and hearty, but the meat.  THE MEAT.  Delicious little chipped off chunks of pork, with a fantastic dry rub.  It was oozing grease and reddish liquid, which you can soak up with the bread and then die happy.  Everything was tender, juicy and explosively good.
I opted for two sides of mac 'n cheese, and it was very filling, warm and like a big hug around my tummy.
This place is getting four stars basically because of lack of variety -- they only offer three sides.  You're not gonna care when you're moaning through the mac 'n cheese, but it might be nice to have one healthy option that aren't some really sad string beans.  Also, the food is incredibly heavy; you probably don't need to order a combo platter.
Needless to say, I will be back.  Oh, will I be back.Straight out of Amish Country comes the Rib Stand.
These lovely ladies provide a delicious array of home cooked country goodness.  I've only had 1 thing here, and that is the rib sandwich combo for lunch.
The rib meat they use is always fall off the bone tender, with immaculate flavor.  Coupled with the homemade bbq sauce and fresh baked roll, there is nothing better.  Lunch combo also comes with a soda and 2 sides, choice of mac-n-cheese, seasoned potato wedges or green beans - all delicious.
Price is on the higher end for lunch - around $8, but well worth it and always brings me back for moreOne of my favorite spots in the terminal.  I frequently come here for lunch, ordering the rib sandwich to go (and on occasion, the rib sandwich + 2 sides and a soda).  The sandwich itself has plenty of meat, so the plate is not really necessary unless you are sharing or I suppose, if you're really hungry.  
The meat is really tender and well marinated and it's topped off with their amazing BBQ sauce (I could drink this stuff).  You have an option for regular or hot.  The "hot" isn't really that spicy, it just has a little kick, so I wouldn't worry too much about it if you're afraid of spicy.
All in all, a great place to try at Reading Terminal.The lines at just about every Cheesesteak Sandwich shop in the Market were so long we decided to try something else.  So why not a boneless rib sandwich from the Rib Stand?  The meat was juicy and tender, the roll fresh, the fries we got on the side were surprisingly full of spice and had a bit of crunch.  Our combo meal (hero size sandwich, 2 sides and a drink for about $8) was pretty good and was big enough for us to split and still have room leftover to visit several of the bakeries in the Market.Just thinking back on my visits to The Rib Stand makes my mouth water and my entire demeanor turn positive, this place is seriously that good. The pulled pork sandwiches are to die for, especially when you get them with cheese, and there is just the right amount of juice to keep the sandwich moist without making the bread overly soggy.
The ribs themselves are also very delicious, with just the right amount of seasoning, and more times than not they truly do fall right from the bone when you bite into them. Also, the variety of sauces that come with both the ribs and the sandwiches are really good, so good in fact that I've actually stopped by just to by some for my apartment before.
While both the sandwiches and the ribs are stupendous by themselves, when coupled with sides the meal truly goes to a whole different plane of existence. The homemade baked mac and cheese is easily the best I've ever had at any eatery and is so good that I often by an extra large side to save for later in the day when I have recovered from my first Rib Shack meal. The potato wedges are also fantastic (fresh and homemade just like everything else here), and are seasoned perfectly. The only item that I would say is just "good" and not "stellar" would have to be the green beans, however it's probably no fault of their own but more than likely the result of me not liking vegetables with my barbecue.
If you find yourself near Reading Terminal come to The Rib Stand and give their ribs and sandwiches a try, I promise it's the best sandwich in the entire market, if not Philly, (sorry DeNic's, you really aren't THAT good) and you won't find better side dishes anywhere else either, it truly is a place you will remember fondly forever.The ribs on the bone are drier, more spiced and less juicy than the boneless sandwiches-- I prefer to get the actual ribs over the sandwich but both are tasty. The roasted potato wedges are tender on the inside, slightly crispy on the outside and dusted in bbq spices and brown sugar and I often get just the wedges to eat while grocery shopping in RTM.
The "spicy" bbq sauce is not hot-spicy but tasty nonetheless.
I usually get a lemonade from the amish beverage place (past the dutch eating place by the exit) to go with the ribs-- feels like summertime.I tried the rib sandwich platter for lunch and it did not disappoint. Very tender and flavorful sandwich paired perfectly with asiago cheese, spicy BBQ sauce and fresh bread. I will be going back to try the ribs on the bone.Every so often I've purchased full racks of both the baby back and spare ribs to bring home from The Rib Stand.  The meats have always been flavorful and moist.  They are not too spicy and you have a choice of mild or spicy BBQ sauce to go with them.  
Most come here for lunch, and they have combo platters and sides usually of beans, mac and cheese, and potato wedges.  I've not had the sides so I cannot comment on them.  
I usually come here for the large tubs of dry rub which I seem to like on just about everything.  I really mean everything as I have even tried it on my ice cream!  Presently, it's only $6 so it's a cheap and tasty seasoning that seems to run out too fast.  Oh well.
TRS at the RTM is in one of the busiest corners of the market as it is near Beiler's Bakery/Donuts, so be prepared to stand your ground or fight your way through to get to where you want to go.With all the great Yelp review, I made the point to stop by and get the boneless rib sandwich.  While the meat was juicy, it was nothing special.  The BBQ sauce, both mild and spicy, were just ok.  I did not choose the lunch special with the sides, because the sides looked like there were sitting there for a long time.  We also got 3 pieces of ribs to try.  It was soft, but again, nothing special.Boneless rib sandwich with spicy bbq sauce is amazing, little pricey but good. Be sure to get cheese as it solidifies the experience.Awesome rib sandwich!  Very moist and flavorful. Add some hot sauce to spice it up.  I've had theese ribs numerous times and they never disappoint. Always tender(fall off the bone)!The Rib Stand is pretty awesome. Located right by an entrance to Reading Terminal, I always come in from the door and never get much farther than that first stand. The boneless rib sandwich rocks. If you like you're a fundamentalist and enjoy your ribs without the bread and cheese and still on the bone... those rock too!
I usually get the sandwich though. Always with cheese, served in a soft fluffy roll that sops up all the juices from the meat and cheese. Then top it off with some of the spicy barbecue sauce and all the components just meld together in a delicious symphony. I  almost always opt to get a side of potato wedges and macaroni and cheese (carb overloading) and just allow everything to combine.  
Don't forget napkins. Lots. of. napkins.I loved the rib sandwich without cheese. I added the spicy bbq sauce and it was the perfect size for lunch without any sides. I will be back!Tourist #1 and Tourist #2 were crazy for the Reading Terminal Market. And since they are really good friends of mine and know I hate to cook, they were smart enough to want to pick up ribs here for dinner later.  Personally, we had just eaten about 12 lbs. of cheesesteak meat so I couldn't possibly fathom shoving any more carnage into my belly, but of course I did.
We heated up the ribs that night and they were so delicious and tasty. They threw in a couple of containers of spicy and mild barbecue sauce and they were yummalicious.  Located near one of the smaller entrances.Love, love, love this place. A gem in the vast market. I've only had the spare ribs. In fact, I've had them six or more times in a month!  I can't speak for the baby backs, but the spare ribs are meaty, juicy and tender. The green beans are great too. Go for the 3 rib combo that comes with two sides and a drink for $9.50. You can't go wrong. Awesome staff as well. Friendly and courteous. 
One word of caution -- I was always go for lunch. In the late afternoon, the ribs appear to be a tad drier than earlier in the day.Super messy ribs and rib sandwiches, with lots of sides.  Tangy sauce smothers surprisingly tender and lean ribs. Potato wedges, green beans, and rolls with butter pile on yet more hot calorie action. 
This is in the "Pennsylvania Dutch"  section of the market, so you can only get the goodies Wed-Sat. 
A must-stop for lunch in the Reading Terminal.i've explored the vast land that is the reading terminal market and have dabble in the other stands and eateries. i have never found another place in the market which matches the juiciness and deliciousness of their rib sandwiches
there is a godI gotta be honest and say I expected very little from the Rib Stand.  Putting a rib in my mouth and experiencing the fall off the bone well flavored meat though was much much more than anticipated.
I got a half pound of their spare ribs ($9.29/lb or about 5 bucks for the half pound) which translates to about 4 rib bones.  Again, the meat fell off the bone and was tender, well seasoned, and received the respect of my taste buds!
Like so many other locations in Reading Terminal, there's no seating to be had here, and you probably wouldn't want seating considering the large crowds here, but there is seating to be found all over in Reading.
Operated by Amish, they seem to know their ribs well and if ribs are part of your regular eats, you owe it to yourself to hit the Rib Stand!
I'll be back!!The sandwich was surprisingly good. Very tender pork and nice tangy sauce. The Mac and cheese was good, but heavy.  Wish they had another option besides canned beans.  A reasonable value for 10.00.Had the "combo 2" (3-4 spare ribs with 2 sides and a drink) with mild sauce. I chose mac and the potato wedges. It was $9.50 and not very filling. The ribs had hardly any real meat on them and were mostly cartilage. I couldn't eat very much off of them. The sides were good, but this isn't the mac and potato wedges stand. It's the Rib Stand, and they just don't justify this name.The rib sandwich is one of the best around. I usually go once a week, except during Flower Show week where its best to avoid the market because it gets to crowded.  The sandwich combo comes with 2 sides.  I usually get mac and cheese and potato wedges or just go with the double mac.  The potatos are good, the mac and cheese, while not spectacular, is pretty darn good. One reviewer compared it to the blue box stuff, thats just ridiculous, not a chance.  The beans however are from a can, so unless you like the taste of canned beans, I would go with the 2 starches. Try pouring some of their hot sauce( which is more tangy then hot) on the potatos and mac and cheese, that really makes them good.  Are these the best ribs on the planet, no, is this place an insult to all amish, not even in the slightest, eric s should have his head examined.Great spot for lunch although you won't feel like repeating it more than twice in a row.Omg how i love The Rib Stand!  So, i was ambling through Reading Terminal (as is my habit when in Philadelphia).  I had eaten some food from various stands when i saw THE RIBS!!!   Half pound to go no second thoughts.  None.  And i raced back to my hotel to finish prepping for an important presentation the next day.  First things first.  I ate THE RIBS!!!  Omg deliciousness.  I sent pics to all my friends and family and then as i looked for my iPad i realized i had left it behind.  Where?  The Rib Stand!!!   Of course i ran back and everything was closed except the security office where a very nice man presented me with my iPad which had been turned in by the guy at The Rib Stand!!!!  Thank you sir for your kindness.  And most importantly for THE RIBS!!!!I ordered 2 ribs with hot sauce, it was a little over $5. The ribs were very moist, may have been the best I ever had. Perfectly cooked. The hot sauce had the perfect amount of spice. Yum.Was at the conference and felt like having ribs. Great spot, no line. Had four spare ribs w the spicy sauce. Not what I would term spicy but excellent sauce nonetheless. Ribs were juicy w a nice chew and fall off the bone tender. Definitely worthwhile to check this place out.On my third trip to RTM, I decided to try Amish BBQ, since I'd never had it before.  There are two stands specializing in it--one of which is the Rib Stand--both of which were open at the time of my visit (Thurs. at 3:30pm).  Luckily, I happened to hit the Rib Stand during RTM's annual Dutch Weekend, which meant that I received an unexpected $2 discount on my lunch combo, which was a nice surprise.
Based on the other reviews, I decided to order the combo including the boneless rib sandwich with cheese (normally $9.50, discounted to $7.50).  I wasn't sure what a boneless rib sandwich would look like, since I've only ever eaten bone-in ribs, but it consisted of pulled rib meat on a long roll, with sauce on the side.  I got the mild sauce, and it added some nice flavor to the sandwich, enhancing the flavor of the meat, which was moist and tender.  The cheese also added a slightly gooey texture, even though it was American, which isn't my favorite type of cheese.  To echo other reviewers' comments, the cheese and the roll were of average quality (i.e., the type you get at a grocery store), but they didn't take away too much from the meat and sauce--the rightful stars of the show.
The combo comes with two sides, for which I ordered mac and cheese and potato wedges.  As others have described, the mac and cheese was quite creamy, but the sauce wasn't watery, as I was fearing it would be.  Again, American cheese was used here, but I was able to forgive because the overall flavor was quite pleasant.  The potato wedges were a bit dry, but the seasoning gave them an absolutely delicious flavor.  They are definitely a must-try side item if you order a combo here.
Overall, my meal from the Rib Stand was quite solid in quality, and didn't disappoint.  The prices are similar to other options in RTM, with the extra discount helping to make them even more reasonable, and the portion sizes are generous.  If you're in the mood for BBQ, or if the lines at other stands are just too long, be sure to give the Rib Stand a try for something different than the more popular options.Their rib sandwich with spicy bbq sauce is one of the best sandwiches ever. The pork is tender and the sauce has a great spicy vinegary bite.The Rib Stand in Reading Terminal offers, along with baby back and spare ribs, a boneless rib sandwich. While I hate to pass on the thrill of gnawing meat off of bones, bonelessness and between bread-ness is a lot more lunch friendly. It was the perfect sized sandwich with tender meat chunks. The side of potatoes were surprisingly good.Why is the line to this place always so short? I don't understand!
For $9, you can get boneless rib sandwich with cheese (always get the cheese!), two sides, and a drink. The rib sandwich is sooooo juicy! Their BBQ sauce is the perfect addition. I always get spicy, which I wish was spicier.
For such an awesome sandwich, the sides were a bit disappointing. Potato wedges are seasoned well, but seems a bit old. Mac and cheese is nothing special.
I guess it's hard to compete with DiNic's so close by, but this place definitely isn't getting the attention it deserves!Had three short ribs with a side of mac and cheese and green beans....all I can say is wow.  Got the hot sauce on the ribs and it just made it all the better.  I will be back here next time I am in Philly for sure and the Reading Terminal was an amazing place to be at lunch.I love the ribs here ! Amazing, this place needs to be promoted more. 
I was in philly for the weekend with my fiancé, we somehow walked into the Reading Terminal Market, we were looking for food that looked appetizing. Upon stumbling on The Rib Stand, I noticed their ribs. I have to say, these ribs were truly exceptional. They were packed with flavor. This places needs to be recognized more. 
I enjoyed their ribs and I will certainly be coming back for more.My friend is a big fan of the ribs here so she always buy both cooked and uncooked types. Ribs are very tender, flavor is okay!Only taking down a star because I couldnt eat this fresh. THAT Said, considering how well it reheated Id be willing to stake that it would get a full 5 stars on my next visit. I ran through Reading Terminal just for a donut before work. The Rib stand caught my eye, ive seen it there before but never eaten there. Today I had a 12.5 hour shift ahead of me and BBQ sounded amazing, except there's no BBQ in rittenhouse where I work. Curious, I asked the guy about packing togo so I could eat it later. He offered he BBQ Pulled Pork sandwich to wrap everything separately so I could build it later when it was reheated. PERFECT. $10 included Sandwich, 2 Sides (green beans, and Mac & Cheese), and a cnaned drink. Didnt get to eat it till maybe 4-5 hours later, and WOW. Mac and Cheese was still nice and creamy, green beans were well...green beans. And the Pulled Pork....Delicious. Plenty of juice from the pork but not so much that it was overbearing, appropriately spiced and just a drizzle of BBQ sauce and extra pork juice on the roll. Man What A Treat! And since I built the sandwich myself, I had extra pork left over since I didnt want the sandwich to overflow. Cannot wait to go back.Awesome boneless rib sandwich.  Great seasoning and add the hot sauce to kick it up a notch.Forget the 'Other' guys in the market with Cheesesteak or Pork Sandwiches... this is THE one to get. The boneless rib sandwich is AMAZING! What I don't get is how this place never has a line. Everytime I go DeNic's has a HUGE line (I waited once.. wasn't impressed), then one day I hit this place and WOW! Loved it! No line, great price and a KILLER sandwich. The potato wedges are killer too! They are seasoned with the dry rub. Perfect! I've also had the green beans and the mac 'n cheese as well which are both great. I HIGHLY recommend this place. I'd eat it everyday if I could. 
Everytime I'm here I'll be getting this sandwich with cheese.. I'll say it again.. AMAZING!!Ordered a pound of ribs and a side of potato wedges. Ribs were falling off the bone and potato wedges were fresh. I took it home and had it for multiple meals and it was great.Reading Terminal can eat you alive if you're unprepared. A city block worth of vendors overwhelms you, and the crush of the crowd can curb your enthusiasm. But, possibly because of its position by a door and people's mentality of "let's not stop at the first place we see," The Rib Stand doesn't have the amusement park lines that some vendors do. It's a nice ejector seat when you realized you've come to the wrong place with an empty stomach.
The rib sandwich ($6.75 w/ cheese) is a line of juicy, seasoned meat cradled by processed white American cheese that gives it a little richness, if nothing else. Your barbeque sauce comes as hot or mild, and the hot would only bead sweat on the wimpiest of palates. This is by no means a bad thing, since you've asked for BBQ and not sriracha. 
This is a solid sandwich I'd get again, and it only misses 4 stars on account of the average bread and pedestrian cheese.We ordered 1 lb of spare ribs $9.29 (I believe). We paid a little over $10 because it was over a pound. 
Anyways, it comes with a little side of bbq sauce, medium or spicy. I would have liked for it to come with two sides of sauce. 
The ribs were seasoned wonderfully.. fall off the bone. I normally do not like ribs (my daughter wanted them) but I really enjoyed them too. 
We didn't order the other sides.. the Mac and cheese didn't look like it was very good, but I have no idea since I didn't try it. 
I would for sure order from here again.I love the Reading Terminal Market, no one can ever tear me away from this place!! Some of the best food markets and restaurants here. When we come here, we eat lunch, grocery shop, and get dinner to take home. We make a day of it! We use to come every Saturday but now we just come once a month. 
We have been coming here to the Rib Stand for years!! We use to come and get 1-2 racks of ribs. One to eat in the seating area and another to take home and eat later in the week. But now that I have found out that they freeze excellent, I buy in quantity. I usually buy 4-6 racks now, and when I get home I will foodsave 4 of them, and they will keep up to a year!! Just let them cool to room temp then put them on a pan and put in the freezer for a few hours, just so the juice doesnt all come out when you vacuum seal it. Then you just foodsave and label them. Because they are not a wet rib, and it's almost a dry rub, they are easier to freeze. 
When you can't get into the city one weekend and you're in the mood for their ribs? You just defrost yours and heat them up in the oven. They are just as good and delicious and moist !! Now the hot bbq sauce? is the best thing to dip these ribs into!!
I have never had anything else here, just the ribs. But I think after 10-15 years I've probably ordered about a couple hundred ribs. They are great for parties too! When I do order more, the ladies will hold them for me and I will pick them up at the end of the day when I'm ready to leave. 
It's just great quality, and consistent food!Walking into Reading Terminal is always overwhelming; there's so many choices, and you only have one stomach! Somehow, despite all the options, I end up at The Rib Stand pretty often. Order the spare rib combo with sides of mac & cheese and potato wedges, which also comes with a soft drink. If you're more of a sandwich kind of person, the combo comes in a boneless rib sandwich option (pay $1 extra for cheese) as well. And you can't forget the BBQ sauce, which you can get mild or spicy. Don't be deterred by the long lines during lunch hour; it moves quickly and is totally worth the wait!The ribs were outstanding! Ordered the combo which was $11 for 3 ribs, 2 sides and a drink. Service was extremely fast and the ribs were perfect! I wasn't a fan of either sides, which is why I am not giving a 5. Options were green beans, Mac & cheese and the potato wedges. The green beans and mac&cheese were ok. Will definitely be coming back for more ribs though!I like the spicy bbq sauce even though it isn't spicy. The boneless bbq rib meat is lean yet full of juicy flavor. It's a tangy delicious mess on a roll. 
I give nary a thought to the sides. They're alright, alright. Of course we get the lunch special anyway, doubling up on potato wedges, like animals. All I really care about is that tendaaahhh juuuicy boneless rib sandwich. As I typed that sentence I said it aloud in some kinda annoying vaudeville voice. It made no sense. Stomach space is limited, sadly, but on a Reading Terminal Market trip I'd give this sandwich a spot.
Hey ladies, nice ribs.Ordered Combo #2 with coleslaw and fries as my two sides the last time I was there. The meat just melt in your mouth. The mild BBQ sauce just complement the pork so well. Highly recommend!There are many places to eat at Reading Terminal, I happened to see the sign at The Rib Stand which gives you a pulled pork sandwich, two sides and a soda for $10 dollars which is a fair price for the area.  The sandwich was excellent as was the wedge fries and their BBQ sauce was very good too.  Good food at a fair price.  Recommend.These ribs were AMAZING. MOIST. & so so so FLAVORFUL. Reasonable pricing along with amazing hilarious employees. Will definitely be coming back for more.This is another place on the long list of great food options in Reading Terminal. If you are craving ribs, this is the place to get them. I've had both the rib combo meal and the rib sandwich. The ribs are outstanding in either iteration, what I get depends on the mood I'm in. As for the sides that come with the combo, the string beans are really good but the mac & cheese is just OK. I can't give this place 5 stars until the up their mac & cheese game. But it is a rib shack and they know how to make great ribs.Who knew the Amish could make such a mean rib sandwich?  This place is located inside Reading Terminal, along the wall next to the Amish bakery.  
For about 6 bucks, you can pick up a truly delicious rib sandwich, with perfectly tender meat and dripping with juices.  They give you the option of regular or hot sauce.  The hot isn't extreme by any means, but it does have a teeny little kick and can serve as a really great dipping sauce.  I'd go with that.  Cheese is 50 cents extra, but definitely worth it.  The bread is your typical store bought roll, it seems, but it does soak the juice really nicely.  Can't complain about that.  
Overall, the sandwich alone was more than enough to be really filling, but if you have an appetite, they do offer a couple of combo meals that come with sides.  
There are a few bbq places inside Reading, but I highly recommend this place.  Give this a try and then next time check out DiNic's.Well, i've tried many sandwiches in philly, and i think this one wins.  Get the boneless rib sandwich with cheese and spicy sauce.  I would have given it 5 stars if the bread had been softer, but the filling was spectacular.Granted there aren't many choices available for you to order from but you really don't need any other options.  The ribs and pulled pork are delicious and you really won't need anything else.
The combo comes at a reasonable $10 that includes either ribs or a pulled pork sandwich, with two sides and a cup of sauce.  If you're skeptical about dirtying your hands or don't have floss readily accessible then don't feel bad about getting the sandwich, it's delicious.  
Whatever meat you choose, one of the two sides you get has to be the potato wedges.  They're done just right - a little crisp on the outside, still warm and a little soft on the inside - and are seasoned perfectly.
The line probably won't be very long but that's simply because the food comes almost immediately after you order.
Recommendation: A combo with potato wedgesVery tasty sandwhich.  Glad this place was so close to my training!Great ribs and the full rack was worth the price. The sides were not great which is the reason for no 5th star. But if you stick to the ribs you should be satisfied. The mild sauce was good.I've been going to Glick's for as long as I can remember. I have no idea how long this place has been around, but I do remember first eating here in the early 90s. Except for a modest price increase, the place has not changed. It's been serving quality ribs for over 30 years. The Combo #1 (sandwich + 2 sides + soda) and #2 (3 ribs + 2 sides + soda) are really awesome lunch options. I would say combo #2 is the better deal for all you meat lovers out there who don't mind eating with your hands. You will often see me at RTM getting down 'n' dirty with these succulent, juicy, tender, meaty bones. Two sauces are available - mild and spicy - and both are good depending on your mood. You can even eat these ribs without sauce because their spice rubs are really good. The same spice rub seems to be dusted on their potatoes and green beans, too. Don't miss the potatoes... get a double helping for your 2-sides if you'd like. They're *that* good. Those of you who know me know that I keep my very favorite places a heavily guarded secret. This was one of those secrets. Go to Glick's. You won't be disappointed.best ribs in city! meat falls right off the bone!located in center city,the taste is just delicious!The Rib Stand isn't bad, but is incredibly heavy. Everything is cooked to death. I felt like I had ingested a gopher after eating half of my rib sandwich and most of my two sides. The sandwich was pretty tasty; I won't deny it. But there are so many fantastic options in Reading Terminal Market that I would be hard pressed to go back to The Rib Stand.So many choices, so little time! The RTM was busy today lots of shoppers. All the staff wearing masks, some shoppers not wearing masks and not being told to do so. No obvious visual table cleaning between guests. Plenty of   hand sanitizer locations throughout the market. The restrooms were clean and stocked, that's great with so many places having closed their restrooms due to the pandemic, doesn't make sense to me since hand washing is an integral part of preventing the spread of COVID19.
I entered the RTM off 12th street, immediately the taste tempting aroma of barbecue heightened my senses and increased saliva flow. I walked the entire market seeing crowds at pre pandemic non holiday levels so still not what these hard working businesses need. I noticed a lot of tempting delicacies along my walk. 
So back near the 12th street entrance I followed my nose to that BBQ aroma and found myself at Glick's Rib Shack. There were two gentlemen behind the counter keeping product fresh, the work space clean and serving customers. The younger had a great warm welcoming smile and was very friendly. I asked some questions and the elder answered them thoroughly and added more information without missing a beat. I ordered a half rack of the Baby Back Ribs, they were seasoned cooked but not sauced so I ordered a side of mild barbecue sauce they also offered hot bbq (spicy) sauce. It was just under $15 for the ribs and sauce I believe $11.99 a pound. It was wrapped in foil in a bag with napkins. I asked if they had any wet-naps since I was in need of BBQ now. They had to search but gave me two. 
I paced the market till I found a seat, I had to share a table with a stranger. It was dirty so I ate on top of my bag.
The ribs had almost no fat, typical of baby backs but was rather dry. It was logistically impossible to dip into the sauce only the tip of the bone would get sauced. The ribs were cut for convenience. Together were tasty lots of flavor if only they were not dry. I could only eat three bones of about 7. I attempted to reward them using the foil for my trip home, the foil kept ripping. But since the bag was plastic, come to think of it isn't there a plastic bag van in Philadelphia? So no mask enforcement and ignoring the bag ban. Apparently lots of other stands were using plastic bags too based on the numbers of people carrying them. I mention this because ignoring regulations could indicate health concerns also. I'm confident the city has plenty of enforcement personnel on payroll that somehow let this happen. I am giving the place 4 stars for effort and they could have earned 5 if the ribs were not dry. That was an expensive meal to not be completely satisfied.
UPDATE: Took them home just pulled them out of the refrigerator and poured the side of bbq sauce over them sealed with plastic wrap and microwaved them on low for 2 minutes and 30 seconds. They are moist and delicious! Highly recommended!Located in the Pennsylvania Dutch section of Reading Terminal Market (Northwest corner), The Rib Stand offers a limited variety, but that's OK. Because they get them right.
They have several sides on offer as well, including potato wedges, green beans, and mac n cheese. 
And of course, they have a few varieties of their ribs, including BBQ, seasoned, and baby back.
You can also take advantage of their combos, which include two sides and a drink.
Boneless Rib Sandwich ($5.79)
I knew I had to get the oft-praised boneless rib sandwich, which wasn't huge at first glance. However, there was enough rib meat in there to fill even the belly of this pig. The meat was well-seasoned, with hints of pepper on the finish. Do get the cheese add-on, which is perfect when wet with the au jus. The store bought rolls could be better though.
Spare Ribs (8.49/lb)
I had to get the ribs so I asked for two of the seasoned regular ribs. These had great flavor, though not much of a smoky bark, if any. But that's OK - the meat on the ribs were incredibly tender and plentiful. 
Potato Wedges ($3.99/lb)
The wedges which were creamy on the inside. I wish there was more of a crunch on the outside, but I appreciated the heartiness of these wedges, which were skin-on.
Mac n Cheese ($3.99/lb)
This is the GF's type of mac n cheese, which is to say that it was incredibly creamy, almost wet. There was a hint of salt and it seemed to be mostly a blend of American and Cheddar.
I asked for the spicy BBQ sauce, which was really nice. The heat lingers, but there is a subtle sweetness to it.
The Rib Stand offers hearty and delicious options for quick lunchtime BBQ fare. Don't hesitate to head to the Pennsylvania Dutch corner in Reading Terminal Market and get your fill of ribs and sides!The first time I took the bf to eat from the Rib Stand in the Reading Terminal, we ordered the boneless rib sandwich with potato wedges and mac and cheese plus a side of baby back ribs.  We got one of each sauce to try them out.  He paid (since he's such a gentleman) and was surprised at the total price.  I told him to trust me, the sandwich is amazzzzzing but he was skeptical.  Finally, we sat to eat and I fed him the first bite.  
MELT IN YOUR MOUTH GOODNESS.  The spicy sauce has only a little bit of kick to it but it was so good.  The sandwich was even amazing without any sauce.  Definitely get it with cheese; it adds to the flavor.  I think it's a lot better than DiNic's pork sandwich but hey, I'm not complaining since the Rib Stand's line moves way faster.  Baby back ribs were good too but the sandwich is better.  The potato wedges are decent but the mac and cheese is one to avoid; too thin and runny for me.
The bf was convinced; it's totally worth it.Amazing ribs, pulled pork and people. The guy was knowledgeable about ribs and for the first time I learned that baby back ribs is less fatty compared to regular ribs. Ribs was cooked perfectly, and just needed a quick warm up when consumed 10 hours later. One of the best bbq sauce I've ever had. Will come back for sure.The short ribs here are amazing. Not only that, it is offered at a very reasonable price. This is definitely a must go place in Reading Terminal Market.I have to be up front about this: Rib sandwiches are not my thing.
But THESE Rib sandwiches ARE!
If you're anything like me, your thought or typical complaint about past rib sandwiches is that "there's too much fat", "there's not enough meat", or you bite right into that little gummy part and it makes you not want to eat anymore.
This is NOT the case here.
One bite of my sandwich was all ribs. Meaty, flavorful, and I might've taken two bites before adding bbq sauce. Sweet, tangy and bold, delivered all the way and delivered the right way. As I said in my initial overall Reading Terminal Review, I swear my father in law drove here just for this. He was telling me about another sandwich at the market that he knew I would like, but I have to try the rib sandwich, it would "change my life" and it did. Changed my perspective on rib sandwiches entirely.
Thank you, this a will return.These ribs are quite literally the best ribs I've ever had. The meat slides right off the bone and it's perfectly cooked, juicy and perfect chew. I had the ribs and pulled pork on the side. My girlfriend wasn't a fan of ribs and cornbread but Glick's rib shack has changed her mind!!