Fantastic! Had the briezzi and cafe Petra. Better crepes than Reading Terminal- by far. Coffee was not over flavored, nor was it weak. Same goes for the crepe- just the right consistency. Taste was spot on with the mix of flavors. Great for a bite for those looking for an alternative to the cheese steak pillars across the street. I'm exceptionally picky with foreign and foreign influenced food, and it's often overdone or bland- here it's perfect. She does an awesome job and I will certainly provide a recommendation to anyone I know over in the 9th street area.Heavenly crepes, sweet or savory the food is always on point.  The Nutella crepe is always wonderful comfort food.The menu is a bit confusing at first. Besides that, I was very happy with my experience. I had the chicken tikka Marsala crepe and my friend had a crepe with nutella, banannas, and some other jazz. Both were amazing.. coming from a guy who doesn't usually get down with crepes. 
A nice alternative to the south philly area that isn't a cheese steak.Went there on a Saturday afternoon. There were 3 people ahead of us in line, and every person ended up with a shake sample to try by the time they left. The crepes are amazing, the most perfect crepes I've ever had in my life, the prices are reasonable, and the owner is quite possibly the friendliest proprietor of a business I have ever met. She's a lot of fun to talk to, and she decorates the shop with drawings on paper plates. Crepes are clearly her passion and she has perfected her art. The ingredients were fresh and the saag paneer crepe melted in my mouth.I'm a freelance photographer who has frequented many a coffee shop and local eatery in the neighborhood and this place is at the TOP of my list. It is one of the few spots where you can get delicious food and drinks custom made to order while you settle down to work on a laptop or read a book. I've quite literally spent hours here while the lovely owners tempt me with tea and lassi samples. The gorgeous bay windows allow for prime South Philly people watching and the ambiance mirrors a room in my house. Very cozy and inviting. My favorite part of the restaurant beyond the delicious crepes (try the Saag Paneer of Chicken Tikka Masala) is the owners. They are beyond friendly, know your name and perfectly supplement the warm atmosphere. They are a hard working couple trying to get this joint off the ground and I want nothing more than to see them thrive!Friendly staff, cozy cafe, pretty decor. The cafe isn't noisy, and the menu board is mostly suggestions; you can order as you like.They were out of lot of things.
The crepe was okay nothing special.
Also it could've been thinner.
The place itself was very tiny.Very nice lady works very hard to please customers. Very good recipes, homemade and it's all cooked as if it's from a grandmother.
Trust me you can't go wrong, banana Nutella add walnuts also the chicken tikka masala is out of this world!Delicious food!!!!! Been there only once but have tried to go multiple times but it's always closed . unfortunately this place opens late and closes early :( hope she extends her hours soon, so we can make it for breakfast or a late night snack. The owner is very nice and she keeps her restaurant very clean.best service i have ever recieved from a lovely lovely wonsn. BUY THESE CREPES! they are too goodEh... Not worth the hype. First, the wait was forever. There was only 1 person ahead of us. Didn't understand what took so long. Once we ordered, it was quick. Second, when we finally ordered, she said she couldn't make my boyfriend's request (something straight from the menu). She never mentioned why and didn't suggest anything else. I thought she was rude, my boyfriend disagreed. Also, she didn't have the peanut butter chips I wanted in mine, but they were extra, so I didn't mind. Third, the place was out of napkins and to go plastic forks. Fourth, the crepe was really thick. I'm a fan a thinner, less pancake like crepes. This was pretty much a pancake. Plus, I thought the crepe didn't have enough bananas. I'm not saying I'll never go back, but it's not going to be my go to crepe place. And it's definitely NOT the best crepes in Philly. The food truck by Temple is way better.So happy to discover this small cute sunny local place! The best hot chocolate and crepes I have tried in Philly! And Liz, the owner, is so great!Read about this place on Foobooz , have been hungry for a good crepe and  they were AWESOME!!  It is a very small neighborhood spot, just a few spots to sit.  We had the Black Forest and another with grand marnier and marscapone, homemade whipped cream, YUM!!!  The owner is very friendly and let us know we could hook up our phone to her system and play our own music.  This is a great little spot for sweet or savory crepes.  I was too stuffed to have anything else, but there is an interesting menu of teas/coffees and of course, shakes.  This is a must try spot.I love this place.  Owned by a nice young couple.  I wondered while i was looking for WIFI in my neighborhood.  I enjoyed a delicious Crepe custom made for me.  The owner let me know that I could play my own music through the speakers they have available.  The wifi was great and the coffee was delicious.  I will be frequenting this place.  I hope it stays around for a long time.THE OWNER DOES NOT LIKE TO BE YELPED! She's a very charming and kind lady and I ask that everyone respects her wish of keeping her cafe a yelp-free zone. I know there's already a lot on here that has been said but I leave this here in hopes that future visitors will not yelp her. Thank you!Absolutely fell in love with this place today. Quaint and cozy. We walked in there and received a wonderful greeting. Lisa, the owner, introduces herself and her husband and makes you feel like you've been friends for years. 
Chai tea was delicious and was served in the best cup. Great vibe and will be back to try one of her yummy sounding crepes.Went recently and got a smoothie, girlfriend and I split a crepe. Both were absolutely delicious. She even gave us extra smoothie because it made more than would fit in the cup - which was super nice.
The negative reviews here seem to be from people that can't handle a bit of eccentricity. If you're hankering for a smoothie or crepe (also hear the Lassi's are really good), check this place out. Just don't be a dick about the signage.This place has the best crepes!!! Delicious, hot, and excellent customer service! Will definitely come here again the next time I'm in Philly!Love this place!  The cheery environement, plus conversation with the owner and chef Liza while she creates her crepes and shakes is a delight.  Had a Gulab (rose and cardamom)  Lassi on my first visit.  It was sensational.  Can't wait to go back to try more items from the menu!Love this cozy place, with such a nice and welcoming person serving you. Pricing is very good and the crepes and shakes are so yumy, i don't think twice before deciding to come here even if just for a shake! I have zero complaints of this place thru out all the times I've visited!Went here for brunch with a friend and had a wonderful experience. The owner is incredibly friendly and was there to make suggestions and answer any questions we had. Got a mango and a rosewater/cardamom lassi. Paneer saag crepe was delicious. Very mildly spiced, but very well done. Also got a dessert crepe with peach butter, dark chocolate, cream cheese and whipped cream. Everything was wonderful, and the coffee was quite good and free with a check in! I would absolutely be here all the time if I lived in Philly.Hello deliciousness!  I kept seeing rave reviews for this spot on yelp & mentions elsewhere online.  I was intrigued especially by the mention of Indian influences on the menu, and Global Crepes did not disappoint.
We sampled sweet and savory crepes.  The star for us was definitely the Chicken Tikka Masala crepe.  Great depth of flavor with just a touch of heat.  Chicken with red & green peppers in an amazing sauce was folded into the freshly made crepe.  Paired with a chai latte, it was a total hit for our table.  Also sampled were various sweet crepes & the brie and fig combo.  Everything we ate and drank was just so tasty.  
Be warned though, the space is exceedingly small.  I'd plan on going during off-peak hours (think NOT brunch time) unless you decide to get your stuff to go.  There is one 4 top and 4 counter seats (broken up into sets of 2) inside and pretty much no standing room space.  However, once it warms up a little bit, the outdoor cafe tables will help out a lot in this department.  They take cards too.
Oh, my only minor quibble is that there are no buckwheat crepes for the savory items.  They just make one type of white flour sweet-ish crepe.  It still works though with all the different fillings.
There are also lassis and shakes on the menu, plus breakfast bagels and waffles too I think.  Pretty nice variety of items that will having us coming back to try more.  I'm already trying to plan our next visit!Boyfriend and I noticed this place pop up awhile ago, and it took us approximately forever to make our first stop in, and now I'm wondering why the heck it took us so long. It's a small place that's big on options. The owner is sweet and welcoming and very obviously takes pride in her shop. She chatted with us about the different things she makes, the ingredients she uses, and even shared a recipe for Pakistani curry. (On a side note, she hates Yelp, but in the spirit of telling fellow Yelpers about an awesome place they must try I'm writing this review anyway.)
I ordered the South Philly Special: bacon, cream cheese. Boyfriend ordered the Vermont: apples, cheddar, bacon, maple syrup. A lot of crepe places use a different crepe type for sweet vs savory, but I think the owner uses the same base for both. I've always been meh about the savory crepe base so I'm on board with this. The sweetness of the recipe + the bacon + the cream cheese was just pure heaven. She even offered to drizzle a little maple syrup on top since she had it out ("I've never tried this before") and I couldn't eat it fast enough. I had a bite of the Vermont, and it was the same amount of sweet and salty heaven with just the right amount of each ingredient.
Boyfriend said, "I never knew what the big deal was about crepes. This is what the big deal is." 
If that wasn't enough, the iced coffee is the best I've had anywhere. We got ours with vanilla flavor shots (all natural, no chemicals, from France). Strong but not even remotely bitter.
And if THAT wasn't enough, she made us samples of a fruit smoothie with soy milk (she also offers cow, almond, and coconut milks as options), and that was more than enough to convince me to become a repeat customer. In fact, I just looked at the menu again and saw she does a lassi with cookie butter, and now I'm wondering if I can just send my direct deposit from work right to her business.
Super filling, great prices, cash only.Unfortunately, I have been less than impressed with the crepe places here in Philly, see: here and here. They tend to be overpriced and underwhelming. Have you had the same experience? But when I read the menu for Global Crepes and Local Shakes, which opened in the Italian market earlier this winter, I was slightly hopeful.  Inside, the cafe has a super zen setting, complete with relaxing music and cute lamps.
And in equally cute mugs, we tried a white hot chocolate ($2.25) and a Kashmiri Chai, that spiked with almonds, cardamom, and rose ($3.25), tasted like a hug.
The chevre, sweet fig, and walnut filing inside a delicate, freshly made crepe is a good choice for when you want just a bit of sweetness.
As is the apple, cheddar, bacon, and syrup crepe. More melty, than the creamy chevre crepe, but equally appropriate to eat at any time of day. My one critique would be there were a few too many apple slices in the mix.
I walked out feeling chill and with a full stomach. That, plus the variety of intriguing crepes that I didn't get to try will have me back soon.  I didn't even get to touch the lassi menu, which includes a speculous and a honey/lavender/vanilla which sound absolutely amazing.This place was great! I went for the first time a few days ago and I got a Rose-Vanilla Milkshake. It was so good, I'm salivating thinking about it right now. Really delicious and creative flavor combos (ROSE Milkshake - woah!) . My friend got a coffee/salted caramel milkshake without the salted caramel (so, just coffee) and she loved it. While we were there, the next customer ordered a "Fancy Ham" savory crepe and it smelled so good - wow! We are definitely going back here , a lot more times.Savory, sweet, unique or traditional. I had the Out To Pasture; a crepe with fig, goat cheese, and walnuts, my sugar loving band of guy friends enjoyed their s'more crepe, bacon and cream cheese crepe, and Nutella covered waffles. The place is small, it seats about 9 people total, but it's very cute, colorful, and pick up is available. The restaurant is owned and run by a very hospitable Indian and American couple. As a result their Indian inspired crepes, as well as the plethora of amazing teas that include Chia, and Tia tea served hot or cold. I can't wait to go back!Nice environment and friendly atmosphere. Foods great and so are the shakes. Back for round two of Nutella Shakes.I am so excited to have this place in my neighborhood. The crepes are authentic and inspired, the house made teas are brilliant, and the owners are sweet and accommodating. A great place to grab a bite on the way back from the  playground with my girls. They are very kid friendly. I love the world coloring maps!Great crepes! Try the crepe lizette. Good mixture of flavors. Owner is fabulous as well!Such a delicious hidden gem. Crepes are OUTSTANDING and the shakes are to die for. We randomly stumbled upon this place and our bellies left with a huge smile.Was eating at Pat's and wanted something for desert and stumbled upon this place! Very homey and friendly! We came in with a big group and overwhelmed the lady working I think, but she was friendly and helpful. We were from out of town she was very excited to talk to us!
The shakes were delicious and everything was natural and fair trade!
The only "downside" is that the place is tiny with one 5 person table and a few counter seats. Too many people at once makes the place feel crowded, but the food is worth it!
I think we have a new favorite place to go! I would recommend this place to anyone!Excellent cozy little place. Delicious food with a lot of attention to detail.  Lisa offered us extra lassi from another customer's order.  Glad I'm moving a few blocks away and plan to be back often.Really, really disappointed. I ended up here in South Philly and looked for a great quick bite to eat on Yelp and the reviews made it seem like a no-brainer. I studied the menu outside in the rain so I would know just what to order when I got inside. When I came in the woman behind the counter was busy, which is completely fine - I've been to plenty of one-person cafés in the city. 
I didn't know where to stand or sit or what to do, so I waited until she called out, "What do you want, crèpe or shake?" 
I said, "Both, actually" and she continued working, me just kind of standing there wondering what to do next. 
Finally she said, "What kind of crèpe?" I told her ham and Swiss. She responded in a very curt yet roundabout way  that she couldn't make that for me because some power had gone out or something. 
Fine, so I asked, "What do you have?" 
"Look at the menu!" she said. 
"I did outside," I said, feeling very turned off by her attitude. Really, I understand things happen, but to act like I was supposed to know, and I was also supposed to know what items were still available, is unacceptable. 
I'm pregnant and everything seemed to have soft cheese in it which I had to skip (Brie, chèvre, paneer, etc) so my only option was chicken tikka masala. I ordered that and a "cookie butter" (Speculoos) shake. 
More people came in while she was cooking and also got the runaround about what she couldn't make. I was getting this to go so I went to the station for a fork and napkin and she was out of both. I asked politely for either and she simply said, "We don't have any." Okay...?
Finally my meal was ready and I kept thinking, "This food is going to be amazing to get so many good reviews!" Completely wrong. 
Now maybe pregnancy is screwing with my sense of taste, but texture is the real problem. The crèpe itself was spongy and soggy, like wet Nilla wafers, and the tikka masala had very dry chicken and big chunks of undercooked onion. Meanwhile the shake was very thin, the consistency of milk, and somewhat gritty. I can usually eat anything but I couldn't get even halfway through the crèpe disaster. Really bummed that I had no more money for dinner and that was that.
I believe that other people like this place for a good reason, but I just couldn't see it (or taste it). Maybe everything got screwed up from the power outage, but either close until you're caught up or at least seem the tiniest bit apologetic about it. 
Tepid service, awful food; will never go back.Ermagerd! DELICIOUS!  This gem of a place does tastey right.  We went two of us for brunch and ordered the classic Mango Lassis (eye-openingly fresh) and Kashmiri Chai (throat soothing and tastebud-pleasing) to start.  The portions are generous so you really only need a crepe apiece...however, we were both starving and did two savory (chicken tikka masala & briezzi) and one sweet (the murraba [apple pie]) for 'dessert.'  Although all of them would rank as the best crepe I've had, the briezzi reigned supreme.  To top it all off, it was warm and sunny and we left with a refreshing and complete nostalgia-inducing Sharbat.
The whole food experience is wonderful, but what puts this place over the top are the owners, Liza and her husband (whose name escapes me but was a joy to meet) are truly hospitable.  It's clear she loves food and the her passion and thoughtfulness comes through in the dishes.  I live 2 hours by plane away, but want to come back to Philly for their brunch again.  My fear is that they will be so popular when I return that I won't be able to last the wait in line, but whatever good comes to this restaurant is well deserved!This place has been the food highlight of my entire East Coast road trip. 
While I initially scoffed at the price of a simple Nutella crepe (I am used to French street vendor crepe prices), I asked for the owners recommendation and she prepared for me a crepe with Belgian dark chocolate and fresh strawberries and my perception suddenly shifted to thinking that she is undercharging for the attention to detail and quality of ingredients she used. 
If I was impressed watching her prepare the crepe, I was straight blown away by the first bite. Rich chocolate, an excellent crepe and wonderful strawberries! Simply lovely!
I highly recommend you eat here and I hope you also have a chance to chat with the owner, she is very nice.This place is really quirky and great. The shakes are really original and the owner is super generous with portions.Had banana Nutella crepe. It took really long for them to make one crepe and there were four orders before me so I waited really really long for it. The crepe was nice with lots of Nutella and warm bananas.I would like to give some suggestions based on our last visit.
1. I really like the crepe you made (really delicious), however I would love to see more pictures on the menu instead of the recipes.
2. I highly suggest you to separate the drink menu (tea & coffee) and crepe menu into two, because some drinks are special and deserve to be separated (pictures should be added too).
3. Maybe you can put a waiting line (or draw a line) outside of your shop since there are too many people for a small room. 
4. More people are needed to help the cooking (if possible).
I would definitely visit again in the future. :)Incredibly nice owner, Liza! Best brunch place I've been to in Philly.  She is so personable and kind. She made smoothies for all of us every time one of us ordered and didn't charge us. Lots of choices on the menu. 
Recommendations: chicken tikka masala crepe, Paris fling crepe (Nutella and fruit and such), morning dew smoothie, Kashmiri tea (yum!), indian chai latteStopped in for dessert after dinner at Khmer Kitchen, best decision ever. They have a lot of unique options to choose from and offer alot of options for creating your own custom crepe. We went with the La Colombiana (bananas, whipped cream, cinnamon sugar, & dulce de leche) and the Natxo Vitoria (dark chocolate, saffron, & orange zest). Both were delicious, but the La Colombiana was just amazing. I also had the Kashmiri Chai, my new favorite discovery, it's unlike anything I've ever had. The bf got the Housemade Nutella Hot Chocolate, which was super rich and extra hazelnutty--so good! We will definitely be returning, but with empty stomachs to try their savory crepes and shakes!Amazing! Delicious crepes, great atmosphere, so glad this finally made it to the neighborhood!I wasn't sure what to expect here as all previous reviews were all five star and all made by people with few reviews...but Global Crepes is well deserving of five stars and I very much enjoyed my Out to Pasture crepe, bf's chicken tikka masala crepe and mango lassi that I sampled, as well as a delicious shake I had myself made with cookie butter. The crepe dough itself is certainly on par with what you'd find in France, or at other excellent places like Cafe L'Aube which I believe is now defunct (?) The woman who owns the joint was working with an Indian guy who is perhaps the force behind the number of Indian items on the menu, including a saag crepe besides the tikka masala and lassi already mentioned (they also have different flavors of lassi). Indian food lends itself quite well to crepes I find--I hope they add a few more choices to the menu along those lines.
Prices are very reasonable, but I will say the crepes are a bit small. If you're very hungry you may want two of them if you're not also getting a substantial lassi or shake. The store is also very tiny. I would imagine that they will eventually be quite busy and peak times. We went at 4 in the afternoon so we more or less had the whole place to ourselves. But I don't think it even seats more than 8 people or so.
There was NOT a cheesesteak crepe on the menu and I'm so glad there was not. I hope it will always be this way.
Overall a unique and welcome addition to Passyunk area dining.I love this place. It is one of the few places I miss after having moved to Norristown from Philly. The handcrafted teas and coffees are excellent and the crepes are to die for! While I love savory food like the chicken Tikka Masala crepe, the banana Nutella crepe is one of the best deserts I've ever had. The store owner, Lisa, is very nice and works so hard! She tries her best to make the food fast, but still delicious! I was visiting a friend in South Philly the other day so I had to stop in and get the kashmiri Chai tea and a crepe. It was as delicious as ever! This place is a hidden gem. Support your local businesses and go to Global Crepes!Stopped in on a Sunday afternoon for a late lunch/Eagles game snack.  We got one Bacon Nutella and one Smores crepe, both to go.  I thought the price was right for the quality and size of the crepes.  Also, they were really delicious, even after our 5 block walk home.  They were even good heated up the next day.  
The only thing I'd change is to go more lightly on the Fluff and the Nutella-- I felt like my crepes were drenched in them.  My husband, however, was not complaining about the excess of sugary goodness.  Also, I had to drop a star because this place is so tiny- it literally has one table in there.  This is definitely more of a grab-and-go type of place.  I would highly recommend it for out of towners as a dessert stop after getting a Pats or Genos cheesesteak.Amazing owner who goes out of her way to make sure you have a great meal. Crepes and drinks are amazing!Why this place has been hiding from me before?? 
Absolutely delicious food , enough said !!!
It's more than your regular crepe spot. The drinks are amazing as well. Their Kashmiri Chai is the closest one to the original Kashmiri chai. I am from Lahore and can tell the difference and I'll accept this one. Crepes are very well sized and not overpriced. There are so many options between sweet and savory. The Palak Pneer platter was just too good. I can't stop thinking about it. The place is very small and located in south Philly near the Italian market. There is outside seating available. The owner is very friendly and makes everything by herself. I would def come back and recommend to everyone.My grandmother and I had the pleasure of dining here for lunch.  She is quite the picky eater but loves crepes so she was very happy when we came upon this cozy little spot.  She was even happier upon tasting her simple, 'perfect' ham and cheese crepe.   I enjoyed the athenos with added tomatoes and was sure I could not finish it - but came quite close because I just could not stop!  It was just that delicious!   We drank freshly brewed  iced chamomile teas with our crepes.  Just all around a lovely little meal.  And Liza, the owner, was very friendly and welcoming.   I look forward to returning to the neighborhood for a second visit.  We decided we would go back for dessert next time.  Very fun menu.Cute quaint little crepe/ coffee and smoothie place. Lisa is great and super friendly.i wish i could give this place negative stars. This is the first negative review i have ever done on here. Avoid this place at all costs. My friend and i were looking for a crepe place and found this on yelp. we were near by and decided to go in. When we first came in, the owner was very nice, she greeted us and offered us a menu. Before we even took our jackets off she asked how we found the shop. We said yelp.( Our mistake, being that she has anti yelp signs all over the place)
So she starts on a rant about how yelp kills small businesses and that she only made 6k last year blah blah blah. We just sat there quiet, but i guess she wanted us to join in her yelp hate party. I told her that yelp is what brought us into her shop in the first place and that we aren't from the neighborhood and we wanted to SUPPORT a small business and we specifically came for crepes. 
We weren't going to sit and argue with her so we left. All of this happened in less than 5 minutes of us walking through the door. We didn't even eat. She is so crazy. She's driving people away with her paranoia.
I love little mom and pop and cafe shops always use yelp to find them, but this lady is doing nothing but hurting her own business.Best Crepes in the City!
Global Crepes is one of the best new eateries in South Philly. Its a tiny corner spot right near Pat's and Geno's and has a great selection of sweet or savory crepes and a ton of unique coffees, teas, and other beverages. The owner and chef, Liza, is really charming and sweet and makes a damn good crepe! Prices are also extremely reasonable especially when you compare to the outrageous cost of cheese steak and fries just a half block away.
Can't recommend this place enough!
Also...just writing this review is making me crave another crepe....an "Out to pasture" with bacon just can't be beat!My boyfriend and I walked out within 5 minutes because of how uncomfortable this woman made us feel. 
She prompted us with the question, "How did you find us?" and we made the mistake of telling her, "Yelp." She proceed with this long, bizarre, and inappropriate rant on how Yelp was the parasite of small businesses - which we found ironic, because Yelp is what brought us to her business, yet her behavior drove us out.So glad to have this in the neighborhood! Finally made it in today and it was a delightful treat. I had the Briezzi crepe which included my favorite items: cheese (Brie), fruit (sweet figs), Provençal herbs, and balsamic glaze. Perfect combo and one I've never had in a crepe. Savory and sweet! It made me so content. I also had some fancy pants soy chai made with lots of love that warmed my soul. Please go here. Please patron this place and keep it open forever. I can't wait to try the shakes, waffles, and smoothies... As well as the other crepes!! So excited to go back.This place has the most delicious crepes!  You must try it!!! I've heard people travel far just to eat the crepes here.  Delicious!!Delicious Crepes, the pairing of flavors is unique and obviously well-thought out.  She is a natural! My husband and I had a great experience the first time and have come back for more :)I have yet to try a crepe but the shakes are delicious with unique flavors such as cookie butter and peanut butter banana with honey. I'd be a little more impressed if they didn't use store bought Friendly's ice cream, but that won't stop me from ordering another shake.
The woman who works here is absolutely wonderful - so friendly and really takes pride in what she does. During our conversations she's given me several samples and has offered to remake shakes free of charge if I don't like what I originally ordered. Always happy to return to this pleasant, community oriented establishment.Oh boy, what a neighborhood secret!
It's a tiny little spot, the sort of place you feel special to find. You walk in and right in front of you, boom, crepes being made on the spot. Natural, organic ingredients. I was talking to the owner Eliza and she told me they dont use any high fructose corn syrup, which is totally awesome. 
The menu is extensive and inspire by all sorts of cuisine all around the world. Sweet, savory, herbal, vegetal, meaty, you name it, Global Crepes has it. 
Annnnnd they serve amazing coffee from Philly Fair Trade Coffee Roasters. 
Just an outstanding joint!!!Liza is so dedicated and passionate about her craft and you taste it in everything she makes! DELICIOUS. Her Lassis and crepes are amazing. We that's the Rose Tudor and Mango Tango. Craving them now. We also had the Bananutella and Coconut Convo and they were so filling!!!! Memorable and can't wait to go back! Love love love!The owner is a bit odd, but only because she's so passionate about what she does. Delicious food prepared carefully...a true neighborhood gem.Holy crap this was a find.  I've travelled the world and these are the best crepes I've had. In south Philly!!!
I'll be back weekly.  Just amazing.Stopped in for breakfast one morning and got a crepe. A friend of mine told me about this place, and living right around the corner made sense I visit. 
The crepe was delicious, the coffee was solid, and the conversation was enlightening and polite. The overall experience was delightful, and the food exquisite. 
If you're looking for a satisfying breakfast, a delicious dessert after an evening dinner, or a quick snack on your way to or from wherever, stop in. You won't be disappointed. 
Do be advised that it does take time to prepare a crepe. This isn't an in and out in five minutes thing. More like an in and out in thirty mins thing. But it'll quite possibly be the nicest and tastiest half hr of your day.This place is amazing! Is it possible to give 6 stars? 
(Conversation with my roommate)
Me: "do you want to get breakfast?"
Her: "no, i want to sleep"
Me: "we are getting crepes from the crepe lady" 
Her: "okay i'll be right there" 
Homemade Chicken Tikka Masala....on a crepe.... it's out of this world! Also the tomato cheese melt crepe and the banana / nutella / bacon crepe and whatever crepe has the bacon / cheese / pears on it, are all amazing. These crepes are perfectly priced for the portions and the homemade flavor you get - in fact, i feel like i'm getting a bargain.
As you can tell from the other reviews, not only are the recipes delicious, but the owner is amazing. She has such a warm spirit, you feel instantly welcomed when you're in her shop. I hope she stays in South Philly forever :)
Her shop is very tiny, (which adds to the overall "adorable" feeling), but of course you have the "to-go" option. She makes each crepe in front of you with her homemade fixings while music plays in the background. 
Go get a crepe.Cozy neighborhood gem serving up delicious coffee and mouth-watering crepes at extremely cheap prices---what a find this is!  Came here for the second time and devoured a Vermont Crepe; so nuanced, and the apple and cheddar melted in my mouth.  If I didn't live on the other side of Washington, I'd be here every day.  Liza is a warm, authentic lady,  It feels right to support places like this, the backbone of what is still such a diverse and unique city, as opposed to caving in to brand names and chains of gentrified areas.  Global quality, local vibe, I'm all for it. "Woohoo!  As good as it gets!"There is an amazing selection of both sweet and savory crepes. It took me about 10 minutes to decide what I wanted! I decided on the "Out to Pasture" crepe and it was  DELICIOUS.  I also had the Kashmiri chai and it tasted like nothing I've ever had before--it's a blend of the typical chai spices plus some secret ingredients that Liza, the owner, promised me not to share!  The decor is warm and inviting and Liza is very nice and clearly passionate about her new creperie.  I live in University City ad rarely come to South Philly, but I will definitely be returning many more times.  A great new addition to neighborhood!Stopped here unexpectedly this past November with my boyfriend while on a spontaneous Philly date. At first, we were just aiming to get out of the cold and rain. I can honestly say that while totally unplanned, it was the best part of our day! Lisa, the owner, is a total angel and made us feel more at home than I've probably ever felt on a first visit to a new spot. 
We originally just stopped in for a cup of coffee, but after seeing and smelling someone else's order-- we simply had to get a crepe. We got the Belgian Dark Chocolate Crepe and it was SO GOOD! 
One of the other reviewers said "the crepe could have been thinner", but I recall that Lisa asked both of us how thick or thin we wanted our crepe and I thought that was such a nice touch of personalization that I've never gotten at any other crepe joint. While standard crepes are often thinner, I asked for a slightly thicker one and it was delicious!
The decor was very unique, yet homey. (Felt a bit like being in the kitchen of your favorite eccentric aunt who has traveled the world twice over -- I mean this in a super awesome way).
Lisa was so friendly and had many interesting stories to share with us. We ended up staying for a good long while, and she was so incredibly gracious, beyond words!
A one-of-a kind little place, I really have high hopes for Global Crepes & Local Shakes!
We will definitely be making a point to visit on our next trip to Philly. 
(If you are reading this, Thanks Lisa!!! With love and good vibes from Alecia and Matt!!)If you need something to satisfy but don't know what, this little corner cafe is the answer. I've been here so many times now. The food is unique, beautiful and oh so delicious. Also, the beverages really intoxicate the pallet. 
You get a quiet place to eat, drink, read a book for hours without overstaying your welcome....  and my personal favorite, they want you to play your own music in the shop:)  I want this place to do so well, but I love that it's still undiscovered.Recently moved just down the street from this place. Just stopped in for the first time and, wow, what a treat! I had the South Philly crepe, which was delicious, and the coffee was tasty as well. The real treat is Liza - owner and sole operator of the shop. She is incredibly sweet, generous, and full of fascinating stories. If you're up for great food and engaging conversation, this is the place to go.
I do agree that the space is a bit small, but there's no way it can lose points for that. Liza is just getting started, and what can you do but set up shop in a small place for a business that's operated on a small scale and is somewhat experimental in nature. Hopefully she can find ways to expand the space at some point, but take comfort in its cozy confines - there's a certain charm to that kind of setup that you can't find just anywhere.Great addition to the neighborhood, the crepes are comparable to those I've had in France! 
The menu is super creative, which definitely beats out the menus of other crepe places in Philly. I tried the Banananutella crepe (I desperately needed chocolate), but definitely plan to try either the Out To Pasture--her most popular--or the vegan Indian option Lisa, the owner, mentioned. Lisa is also super sweet and genuinely passionate about her business, which makes it that much more of a great experience! Only recommendation I have is breakfast crepes, I'm not sure if those were on the menu, but definitely some of the best crepes there are!
Super glad this place finally opened and I can't wait to go back!We went to Pat's/ Geno's for lunch on a Saturday and then walking back to the car, we saw this place and ventured in. We had no clue about this place and therefore had no expectations. The two crepes and the milkshake exceeded our expectations!! Had the banananutella crepe and another one that had hazelnut and oranges I think! I don't remember which shake we had - we had the one the owner suggested - and it was SUPER DUPER YUM!!! It was so thick and heavy though that we couldn't finish it amongst four of us!!!! It's a super tiny place.. and the owner talks a little too much. Oh and she HATES yelp - she even has a poster about why....Okay, so I haven't been here...yet, but I can say I visited Liza's Crepe shop during the Christmas Village in Philadelphia a few years back. The crepes she makes and creates are so delicious. She has different crepes to choose from; anyone you choose will be great and you'll be back for more. Not to mention that Liza is great, friendly, outgoing, and so easy to talk too. She's the owner, who built this shop from the ground up all by herself, so give her some credit and visit Global Crepes and Local Shakes ASAP, I'm sure you'll be satisfied and happy.You absolutely need to stop in here, so lucky to find it just on a random Google maps sweep of the area I made walking around in the rain. Excellent shakes, awesome crepes. Lisa is super friendly and attentive to her customers, we struck up some great conversations while she was hand-crafting our excellent crepes. I was so pleased to have the experience; I need to stop in again next time I'm in town.  Thanks Lisa!I am a pretty big fan of Global Crepes. I went here recently on a pretty gross night (gross as in the weather was honestly god awful - when did it start snowing in late March?!?), and I was down right cheery when I left. The food and drink was pretty satisfying. I tried the saag panner as a platter (the paratha and the curry were good) and I split a dessert crepe with my friends - the orange / chocolate / deliciousness that blew my taste buds to happy. I really liked the masala chai - can't wait to go back and try the Kashmiri chai next time! 
The space is really small, so be warned. But the owner is a peach :)