Gnocchi was fabulous! I went with a party of 8, not a very large place so if you have a large party, I would definitely suggest making a reservation. The wait staff truly made sure you had an awesome experience.
Started my meal off with the "soup" (it was a special and didn't have a name)- it consisted of beans, sausage, and a marinara sauce. Its delicious!
My friend and I went halvsies on the white wine/garlic gnocchi and bolognese gnocchi- both had such different, but awesome flavors.
Ended the night with a chocolate lava cake and strawberry gelato- it was heaven in your mouth.
Overall we had a fantastic time, and BYO is always a plus! Definitely suggest if you're looking for a great meal around South Street.the best sandro is back and better than ever,he is from rome when you eat there you are in rome.New to the neighborhood and excellent Italian cuisine! The fresh gnocchi bolognaise was fantastic.This place is great! The menu is amazing with delicious specials. This byob has a crazy pre fix menu! I totally recommend to try, it's 4 course family style your own choice of entree with dessert! $35pp!! I'm in! The service is amazing, one of the best staff in the city!I went here last night on Yelp's recommendation and was less-than-impressed. 
First off, I should mention (at the risk of sounding like an idiot, which I probably was) that my boyfriend and I sat down at the wrong restaurant thinking it was Gnocchi. It wasn't. It was a Kebab House. Gnocchi is small and there's a small sign hanging outside, and the Kebab house was right past the sign so it seemed logical that it was Gnocchi. Plus the Kebab House had outdoor seating and Gnocchi didn't. In retrospect, maybe I would have liked the Kebab House better. 
We had the Caprese appetizer and the mozzarella was very delicious, but my main meal, the Tomato Basil Gnocchi with chicken, was alright at best. The sauce was extremely bland... I even sprinkled some salt in it to see if it would taste any better, and I almost NEVER use salt on anything. The bread they gave us was also bland, and a bit hard which made me think it was old and they just microwaved it so it was warm when it came to the table. Also it wasn't what I thought of as Italian bread, it seemed more like cornbread as it was yellow and grainy. 
My boyfriend said he really liked the food, but I tasted his sweet potato gnocchi and also thought it was boringly bland. 
Maybe if you like cardboard you could eat here, otherwise perhaps try the meat or fish because hopefully that's better than the pasta.Came here for dinner on a saturday night. I have wanted to come here for years and am sorry I waited so long.  It is a BYOB as well so that makes it even better.
Had the antipasti misto and it was good.  It wasn't anything amazing but a nice appetizer for four to share before a meal. The bread is amazing too and apparently made fresh each day there.
Our waiter was great. She was friendly and helpful with the menu. They offer a pre-fixed menu which we did not do, however if you have a big group, this is probably the way to go.  They also have great weekday specials as well.  I had the pollo alla florintine.  The other dishes were the tilapia special, risotto pescatore and pollo parmesian. All were very good. Note- most entree's come with a side of gnocchi. Also try the tiramisu and pistacio gelato. Both we amazing
The atmosphere is nice. There was an accordian player for a little bit during dinner which added to the experience (if you like that). I would recommend this place for really any type of evening for a date, family dinner or evening out with friends. We will definitely be coming back here.This cozy BYO has been the starting place for many memorable(and not so easy to remember) nights for my friends and I.  My girlfriends and I love to start a girls night out here, but it also is cozy enough for a date(providing you dont end up sitting next to my friends and I who can get alittle loud after too much wine).  Located right off South Street isnt the nicest location, but it is close enough to old city to walk on a nice night or a quick cab.  
I am a creature of habit so I almost always get the Chicken Saltimbucca with a Caprese salad to start(its good to share).  I love the homemade gnocchi's that come with most meals or as a meal themselves.  I've never made it to dessert but I hear great things. 
I always recommend this spot to out of towners. I have been there countless times and can't think of one time I was dissapointed. Dont forget to bring your wine...we once had a table buy one of our bottles off us!   
Oh and bring cash...its all they take.If you re in the mood for some good Italian food, visit Gnocchi. The food is very tasteful! They also offer a $35 tasting menu. The space is very intimate. The service was excellent! We left full and satisfied.Gnocchi is a go to for my friend and I, I realize i write overwhelmingly of the italian BYO scene and Gnocchi is a always solid choice.  The food is great, and it all comes with a side of the gnocchi of the day (i think, or i've had a few dishes that did) and it's always amazing.  And i don't feel like i have to order the gnocchi b/c I'll have a taste anyway.  I haven't had any negative wait staff experiences except for that it does get very crowded so sometimes you feel a bit hurried, but I can't begrudge the next party their delicious dinner if i've had ample time to eat my own can I? Also, one of the more reasonable spots! I hear the 2 for $25 is great! I have to check it out!
Four stars for multiple solid experiences and fantastic meals!what can i say this little byob is so nice and walter the owner is so nice thet have a nice menu plus they dont rush you out there gravy is very nice too enjoy you feel like you are in italy mitchellThe food was very good and the price points were very good, however, I don't feel like we got alot of food for the price we paid. Example, I ordered one of the specials (gnocchi stuffed with cheese). $22 but I only got about 10 or 12 gnocchi. They were excellent, and I got a ton of sauce, but certainly was disappointed by the quantity. For $22, I would have expected more.
Others in my party also had smaller portions.
Still, the food was very good.Not bad.  We went with a group, and had a tasting menu family style.  Nothing blew us away, but it was nice and very reasonably priced.  I would go back, but def not a favorite.Where else do two people get to eat an amazing homemade Italian dish for $25?!?! 
I went with a friend on a Wednesday night and had a blast! Sooo yummy and the waitress was helpful and understanding of both of my food allergies (lactose and sulfites). We both ordered the sweet potato gnocchi as our entree and loved every bite. Definitely my new favorite BYOB!This place has THE best gnocchi in queen village.  The hardware store guys next door gave me the run down on the restaurant, how they recently just re-opened with the original owner.  Will definitely go again, can't beat a BYOB little Italian place.I remember when Gnocchis opened back in '02 and there's been substantial improvements in the physical plant of the restaurant. After 7 years, it continues to be an excellent Mom-and-Pop BYO although not as crowded as it once was. And of course, cash only. 
Having moved back to DC, I have to say that it is because of places like this that Philly is a much superior restaurant town than the Nation's Capital. These small places can and must compete in food quality and service alone. 
We arrived early for Philly, at 6:30 and found a group of 18 young bachelors celebrating their buddy''s next day wedding. Although there was plenty of merryment, they were keeping to themselves sort of. Hovever, several ladies with big hair got a table next to us and made more noise than a pack of peacocks in heat at the zoo. I got to remember just how obnoxious a South Philly accent could sound at 250 decibles. 
We sat down and were served by the same waitress that waited on us seven years before. Her English had got much better, although I preferred to talk in my pidgeon Napolitano. 
We both ordered the arugula salad, a very tasty selection with strawberries, blueberries and vinagrette. My boyfriend ordered the sweet potato gnocchi and I ordered the pompano. While the gnocchi was sort of bland, the pompano was just divine. It was fileted at the table and was obviously fresh. 
We washed it down with a bottle of pellegrino and a bottle of good Rioja. 
Overall, this was again, a most pleasant experience. The comments on service I've seen on Yelp need to be put in context. This is a place owned by and run by Europeans and most of all, Napolitans. If you're looking for the "kiss my butt" service expected in many American restaurants, you're in the wrong place. If you want hearty, good food, good European country service and good ambiance, this place is unbeatable.BYOB + Authentic Italian + Fresh Fish + Me = HeavenHad an awesome meal here. Will definitely be back. 
An early snafu with our server bringing us very stale inedible bread to the table. Looked like rye bread that was at least a week old. They remedied the situation by bringing out a piping hot bread basket. And gave us dessert on the house for the inconvenience. The food was absolutely terrific. I rarely rate 5 stars but in this case it is well-deserved.I'll differ with another reviewer on this one.  A small, comfortable BYO just off South Street, Gnocchi has good basic northern Italian food.  The frito misto appetizer is more than enough for two, with perfectly fried seafood, including calamari and shrimp.  The trademark gnocchi is ethereal and is served as a side or as a main dish.  The only caution is the veal, which could be of better quality; have the same dishes with chicken and you won't be disappointed.Have been coming to Gnocchi for years but hadn't been there too recently until last night. They have done some interior upgrades which are really nice. And as always, terrific service, delicious olive oil for dipping bread, the best gnocchi in Philadelphia (spinach is my favorite) and decadent Tiramisu. Was a little bummed to learn they they no longer offer their 2 for $25 mid-week special, but my husband and I always thought that deal was too good to last too long.  Anyhow we enjoyed another delicious meal there last night and was so pleased to find a surprise slice of tiramisu in our bag of leftovers (ate a slice while at dinner but certainly didn't leave any on the plate to be packed to go)  - I'm 9 months pregnant and it was much appreciated when we got home!ok to average standard italian food.  yummy home made pasta and regular italian staples.  great BYO!  kitschy inside italian decor with painted walls mimicking frescos. started with sauteed mushrooms for appetizer which was good. I ordered the fresh fettuccine with a pink sauce while my friend ordered a 4 cheese gnocchi dish. Both were yummy but nothing out of this world.The gnocchi are so fresh! Try the one with mushrooms and sun dried tomatoes in a cream sauce. It's also an added bonus that it's byob.Ambiance is very fun and friendly. Cesar salad was good as well as mixed greens and fruit (look out olives have pits easily confused with blueberries) The artichokes were also delicious. The lamb shank special was fantastic 90% lean for $25. The special gnocchi with broccoli rabe was $18 vs 14 for regular and not really any better. They do not tell you the prices for the many specials of the day and they don't have them written down so be sure to ask so you  are not surprised. Four cheese gnocchi was rich and most filling. Meat sauce gnocchi was the best. Portions leave room for dessert. Tiramisu was fantastic the molten chocolate cake was good but needed to be hotter. Some restaurants make you order this at time of meal, they should do that as it could have been really good. Service is friendly but they took to long to come get order and there were a few mistakes along the way that were very quickly and nicely remedied, went out of their way to assure is it was their fault. All in all a great experience will go back and remember to bring cash and wine.Went to Gnocchi last night with a group of friends. To a person, the six of us walked away thrilled with our meal. From heavenly gnocchi (we tried three different kinds and enjoyed the 4-cheese Spinach the most) to chicken, lamb and salmon, everything was great. My favorite was the veal with spinach, tomato and mozz. 
Service was also terrific despite the place being jam-packed. The owner took great care to make the experience warm and personable and when it came to dessert, they presented the birthday "boy" with assorted desserts on the house. The whole place joined in singing, with the chef belting out a version in Italian. 
The place is noisy but the value is beyond belief. Just remember to bring wine (it's BYO) and cash. Credit cards are not taken.I think my favorite thing about this place was the MORE than accommodating staff. We planned a surprise birthday party here for a friend, so another friend was told to lead him to the restaurant a few minutes after our reservation time so he would be surprised by everyone already being there. The restaurant has a chalkboard, and one of the waiters so graciously offered to run outside to grab some chalk so that we could write a big 'HAPPY BIRTHDAY' message. What a gem.
The place itself is pretty teeny tiny, but they handled our LOUD, wine-drunk group of 9 with ease. BYOB people!! Do it!!!
Gonna be honest, I was so enamored with the place by this point that the food could've tasted like feet and I'd still be all 'YAY GNOCCHI', but everything I tasted was great! Highlights include:
-Caesar salad
-Burrata
-Spinach gnocchi
-Chicken parm
-Tiramisu
Also. all of the specials sounded incredible, but I wanted all 12 of them and I panicked so I just went with the spinach gnocchi. I was definitely not disappointed- it somehow tasted like bacon. Unsure if there was actually any bacon in it but it was heavenly. 
Ps- cash only. Pps- come immediately.Damn it.  One of the best Italian if not the best I have ever been to.  I will be coming here from ny at least once a month.  The price is right the chef/ owner treated my party like kings and queens and the food portions were off the charts and very tasty. The chef/ owner made us feel like family and the space is small ,romantic and personal.This place is simply amazing. The food is outstanding, the ambiance is perfect, the staff are friendly and helpful and very attentive, and the chef is so great it feels like you are at his home dining with his family. My favorite Italian restaurant!
IGNORE THE MEDIOCRE REVIEWS FROM A FEW YEARS AGO! The place closed for a while but the original owner came back and re-opened the restaurant and it is amazing
 again! You must try the artichokes and lamb shank, but it's hard to pass up all the unique specials they offer! Homemade tiramisu is outstanding also. They are offering a chefs tasting menu that is absolutely worth it for only $35!
Cash only! BYOB!This restaurant exceeded our expectations. The atmosphere is quaint and cozy with Italian chatter and music in the background...just like a good Italian meal should be. We went with my cousins and friends so we opted for the chefs tasting. This is definitely the way to go! The variety and amount of food they give you is amazing! The food just kept on coming! We started with some apps...chicken meatballs, burrata, sausage and beans, and octopus all stood out! For the pasta course we went with the broccoli rabe gnocchi and lasagna. The gnocchi was my personal fave! We all got to pick our main course. The pork shank was the table winner. It's huge and extremely flavorful. The meal was topped off with an assortment of yummy desserts. Everything on the menu is superb but I'd go for any of the specials first! Enjoy!Based on reviews I flew to Philadelphia to have a birthday celebration.  I've never been more disappointed in food.  Had a party of 11 and with tip it was well over 700.  Food is not good Italian.  The signature Gnocchi dish was fist sized dough balls. Hard to believe but even bread was bad tasted like stale rye never had that in Italian restaurant. Despite the reviews it was awfulMy favorite mid week BYO! Love this place for their Tues- Thurs special... two salads, two pasta dishes, coffee and dessert for $25The Best food ever, every think is homemade, special everyday ,variety of choices wonderful atmosphere you feel home...Went here this year for my birthday dinner. It was great, we brought our own wine and the did the weeknight couple $25 deal. Defintiely the best value for italian food I have had yet. The portions were not the usual huge that you get at most places that are italian, which I was quite happy about. For the $25 we each had small starter salads, gnocchi and shared a dessert. It was the perfect amount of food for a weeknight dinner. 
I was a little nervous when we walked up to the place and there was no one else dining, but don't be afraid. After we sat down, a few other tables came in as well. It was freezing out, so I assume most people were hiding from the cold.
The waitresses were very nice, you can tell that they are not from America originially, which I think adds to the charm of the place.
All in all it was a great, tasty, well priced meal. 
We will definitely be going backGREATTT italian food!! very fresh and everything tastes like it is made to order!! Great female waitress ... the tiramisu wasn't very tasty.. it needs to be stronger with espresso flavor..however the guava sorbet I got in the champagne glass was DELICIOUS!!3.5 stars for Gnocchi. 
Went here for an early Sunday dinner with my mom and we both enjoyed it. Will order different appetizers next time (we had the frutti di mare which I didn't realize was chilled. Totally my fault, I should have asked more questions. And a goat cheese salad, which was good but didn't blow my mind.)
I had the gnocchi with the 3 cheese alfredo sauce. So so good. The gnocchi themselves were tender and fluffy, qualities that you only get in homemade. The sauce was perfect, creamy and well seasoned it included shiitake mushrooms, radicchio and roasted red peppers. I would order this dish again in a heart beat. My mom had the chicken Marsala which was a great take on a traditional Marsala. The sauce was lighter and the mushrooms were sliced portobellos. It came with a side of sauteed spinach and gnocchi in a aurora sauce, both good as well. 
The waitress was the shining star of the evening (5 stars for her), charming and well spoken she definitely made our evening. Ahem.. an excerpt...
Me: Is you bread homemade? It is wonderful.
Her: Why yes it is, we make it every morning. I did see how much you were enjoying it ( I ate the better half of two baskets), so I gave you some more in your leftover bag to enjoy at home.
That right there folks is damn fine service.
I absolutely will return and am confident that when I order different appetizers this review will be bumped up to 4 stars.ZERO STARS. I arrived on time for my 8 party reservation to find a packed restaurant and two other large reservations waiting to be seated. All three parties were told by management that they would not honor our reservations and when I asked for an explanation I was yelled at repeatedly by the staff. They claimed that other parties (already seated and being served) threatened to fight them- leaving the three large parties who made reservations to suffer the consequences. This was by far the worst experience I have had with customer service and the way it was handled was beyond inappropriate. 
The food looked good though I am obviously not able to comment because I did not have the opportunity to try it. Needless to say, I will not be back.I was actually there for a corporate function some time ago.  This place is not equipped to handle large parties.  The staff were overwhelmed and were not very prepared for a large group.  The food was tired.  Nothing I couldn't get anywhere else.  For those that actually got their food in a timely fashion it was overcooked or had some other problem. They actually forgot to serve many of us our entrees, including mine.  I had ordered a salmon dish.   So after everyone had finished I mentioned for the 3rd or 4th time that I had not gotten a meal so they apologized profusely and minutes later a dish materialized.  They had actually deep fried my salmon and didn't think I would notice.  
Our menu was limited as to be expected for a large function, which was fine but even with that they could not expedite the meal properly.
I would not go back.Gnocchi restaurant was the worst experience eating out ever. It was so bad they gave me and friend the meal for free...  they brought the appetizers after the entree..and we weren't served together, they never attended to us, they never brought water or bread..the worst service...my dish was cold,( pasta) so they took it back to heat it up and then brought it back and it was still cold..  I ordered soup and appetizer and only got a soup after entree...other folk walked in got bread and water and we didn't...they offered us free desert and a free meal for the mess up..it is not even an Italian owned restaurant ..they give the Italian a bad name.
Never in my whole restaurant lifedid I have an experience like this
Beleive me ..being Italian and lived around the world, skip this one for sure. 
I give this a big O.I've had a lot of great Italian as a Philly suburbanite; however, this was by far the BEST Italian I have ever had. Fresh, flavorful, special, affordable entrees & appetizers. Relaxed, comfortable atmosphere. Attentive, happy staff. From start to finish, it was an outstanding experience. My daughters (6 & 1), husband, & I have a new favorite restaurant! Go to Gnocchi now! You will not regret it.I'm by no means a restaurant critic but, in my opinion, the only thing going for Gnocchi is that its pretty cute and very reasonably priced. Although Antipasta Misto at $8 was an absolute waste of an appetizer as it only contained about three slices of some sort of an Italian meat and three "shavings" of cheese served over some greens. 
The 5 of us walked in on a Friday night and were immediately. Gnocchi is a pretty small place so it should have risen a red flag right off the bat. The place was pretty adorable, finished with Italian murals on the walls and dim lighting.
Cozze Al Manicomto (mussels) were as promised pretty generous, however we had to send them back as they did not smell or taste good. Although, as explained by the waitress, this was not the restaurants fault, I beg the differ. If I'm the head chef and I order the "larger", as they explained, mussels that were really full of excrement which resulted in the foul smell and taste, I would NOT serve them. The waitress admitted that the mussels were sent back several times that night. Funny thing is, the mussels kept coming back in at least three other dishes that we ordered.
The Calamari was pretty light and delicious. The pasta however, proved to be nothing special. Although it was tasty, it was very average. The parmesan alfrado sauce in my Gnocchi Verde proved to be a little on the heavy side. I'm not being picky at this point but will still mention that Alla Saltimbocca was a little too salty for my taste, although im sure it was due to the prosciutto and it was probably supposed to be that way.Gnocchi is an obsession of mine, so a random Internet search of "Philadelphia Gnocchi" yielded this restaurant, not surprisingly, as its top hit.  The week day two for $25.00 special described elsewhere (salad, pasta dish, and Tiramisu for two) is a great deal.  The food was great, with the gnocchi being light and fluffy and the sauces (we tried three different dishes) quite superb.  We arrived right before the dinner rush hour (I was visiting from Baltimore), so we had the place all to ourselves. The service was very nice, and I would definitely return.My family and I went to this restaurant tonight and it was disappointing. The food was not good. I could deal with that. The real issue was the poor service - it was slow and unprofessional. My mom asked the waitress for bread and the waitress threw up her hands and sighed loudly  at my mom (it was Mother's Day too). I am sure the waitress was overwhelmed by the large crowds, but that is not an excuse to be rude to a customer. I am really disappointed and I will not be returning.Excellent service, food was pretty good.  I actually liked what my boyfriend got better than my own.  But I got two meals out of it and it was pretty cheap, considering.  Definitely would go back, especially since it is a few blocks from my house.I screwed up big time on new yrs eve and were scrambling for a table for 2 at 9pm and wondering around the area with bottles of wine (our normal BYO was closed and I didn't call ahead like I was told to do numerous times)... I called a few places and they pretty much laughed at me. I'm grateful because it brought us to Gnocchi!! We showed up expecting to be stuffed in a corner and rushed. Not true at all! Staff made us fell very welcome and spent time going over their pre fixe menu with us. The food was outstanding. Octopus was to die for, which isn't on their regular menu but is often a special I was told. The gnocchi was out of this world, so light and fluffy. We cant wait to go back.I've been here a handful of times and each time I've had a great food experience. I have to admit, with a name like gnocchi, I basically just eat the gnocchi here, so it's possible everything else on the menu isn't good (I highly doubt that) but I get tunnel vision sometimes when I see gnocchi....and more than one kind. brilliant! 
Anyway, this place is slightly off south, so it's out of the disorder that south street can be on a weekend, and it's BYO so I this it's fantastic. The waitresses are very nice, I seriously thought the one was having trouble with me, but then we had a 5 minute conversation about where to buy adorned headbands for under 10 bucks, and we were golden for the rest of the meal. My counterparts both seemed to enjoy their meals also, and well we were enjoying the B's the at we had BYO'ed and overall I had a completely peachy time. 
Will definitely return in the future. For BYO happiness before a show at the Shubin. (it's so close!)I'm not sure why this place wasn't more busy on a Friday night. We've been coming here since way back in the day and I'm glad it's back. One of the most reasonably priced restaurants in the city and some of the lightest gnocchi you'll ever taste. Service is always friendly and welcoming.Food was amazing!! Loved it honestly went for my birthday dinner. Waitress was bizarre, however... I don't think I'll be back. Not only did she give what seemed like 15 minutes of the specials rundown, but she also berated me when I ordered something off the regular menu... God forbid I didn't pick something from her over-practiced diatribe. Literally could hear her talking badly about me to the other waitresses... Who the hell orders ribeye at an Italian restaurant ?The owner/chef is amazing!  Always order the special gnocchi (Pumpkin gnocchi in Fall? Yes, please!) or whatever meat special is available (veal, pork, etc.).  Delicious every time!  The mussels are one of my personal favorites.  The service is great, the atmosphere is charming, the food is stellar, the prices are affordable, and it's a BYOB.  Perfect spot for a date, outing with family or friends, or take-out.if you are named after a particular food, it might be advisable to attempt to actually serve that food well.  this place came highly recommended and i ate there with a fairly large group, about half of us had been there before. i had salmon, everyone else had gnocchi or chicken parmesan (not on the menu, but they serve it). mine was below average (definitely not fresh fish, poorly cooked, bland sauce) and everyone else agreed that the food just wasn't what it used to be. the portions were also smaller than they used to be (5 raviolis? - that is a meal?). beyond which, gnocchi comes with everything so shouldn't it taste good? mushy pasta bags more like it. fairly cheap, but not worth walking half a block for.I've been here a few times and I always forget that it's a pretty solid place. The food is well made, and the menu is huge.
They also do this prix fixe menu that is massive. It's 5 courses (I believe) for $35 a person. AND it's a BYOB. This place is perfect for a birthday dinner among a large group of friends (which is how I discovered it 4 years ago), or any other event where multiple people will be dining.We showed up with a reservation for 10 on a Saturday night, which we had also confirmed the day before, and we're basically told our table had been given away because another reservation had shown up with more people than expected. There were also two other large parties with reservations at the same time as us that were told the same thing. The lady in charge that night was extremely rude in dealing with us and dealt with the whole situation very poorly. Even worse was that it was a byob so we had all already bought bottles of wine that basically went to waste at that point. Luckily we were able to walk down the street to Nomad and get a table where we were treated like actual customers.Really excellent since it was taken over by the original owner. Six of us had the $40.00 dinner which includes everything and all top quality. We had grilled calamari (extremely tender) mussels in red sauce, Burrata, portobello mushrooms for appetizers. Then great pumpkin gnocchi for a second course . Then we got entrees- pompano filleted at the table, homemade lasagna and pork loin were fabulous. Then a dessert tray with tiramisu and gelato. And it's a Byo. Great eveningWould love for this review to be higher. After all, the food is quite good, service is solid, prices are reasonable, and the location and atmosphere are better than fair.
So why only 3? It may seem trivial but to me it nearly ruins the place: The super cheesy MUSIC they play!  I like to think I'm open to all different kinds, but one thing I can't abide by is the cheesy pop-classical crap that is Andrea Bocelli, that only marginally talented operatic tenor (the blind Italian one... You know who I mean) that only 50-year old housewives and people with no taste like. His music is campy crap that is poorly sung when compared to any REAL tenor, and every time I've been to Gnocchi it is all they play!  Honestly, I'm being generous giving you 3, Gnocchi.  Play real opera, play Frank, but until I walk past and here ANYTHING other than that Bocelli pablum coming from your speakers I will not step through your doors again. It's unnecessarily ruined my meal there enough.Zero stars. Made a reservation and they gave away our table. We showed up on time for our 8 person 8pm reservation and were told we could not be seated because an earlier reservation had shown up with 5 extra ppl. There wasn't even an offer to seat us later. Two other parties with reservations had the same experience. Apparently the owner was out of the country and the wait staff who was left in charge had no ability to manage a restaurant. Will never recommend or return.Flawless from beginning to end. We did the Chef's tasting menu. There was not one thing that wasn't fantastic. All 10 of us were super impressed and can't wait for another occasion to be back.I used to live near this place and really miss frequenting it. Their tiramisu is the best I ever had and their gnocchi's and sauces are awesome!We had a wonderful experience at Gnocchi. We had a birthday celebration for 21 people and they were able to accommodate us. The food was great. We were actually full just from the tasting menu consisting of 6 appetizers and second course (gnocchi). The price was very reasonable for everything (tasting menu and entree). The staff were also very helpful. We love the ambiance and the personal touches we received from them.
Their gnocchi is pillowy. The meatballs are great as well as the mussels and the cheese course (the burrata was really creamy). The Caesar salad is also well balanced in flavor. We also love the sautéed escarole that came with our entrees which are also good. We would come back again. But next time we will make sure we bring more wine.I'm so in love with this place. The food is phenomenal; I can barely put the wonderfulness into words. You can never go wrong with the chef's specials. Simply irresistible. The atmosphere is great for date nights or family gatherings. The waitstaff is very friendly and attentive. I always feel like the number one customer. Sandro has been my favorite chef for years, and I'm so glad he's brought Gnocchi's back to South Street.This was our New Year's Eve destination for dinner. It's BYOB, and the menu featured a four course meal for $45 - you'd be hard pressed to do much better unless you're staying in.
But there just wasn't much special about this place. It was tightly packed - a busy night, obviously, but just a little uncomfortable. Our server was fine but she had a helper who knocked over a glass at out table and then acted like she hadn't been anywhere near it. And the food was mostly good - but either my filet was mislabeled, or it was the toughest filet I've ever had.
There are way too many phenomenal Italian places around for this place to ever cross my mind again. No offense.Best meal in philly in a long while. Loved the octopus, carpaccio , and calamari app. Tuna main course was fabulous. The service excellent too!!
A very warm and inviting staff. We highly recommend it.BEST Meal ....Superb! 
  Gnocchi reopened on June 17. Four of us went there five days later on a Sunday Evening. We were greeted while still on the sidewalk and ushered to a table.  What followed was a dialogue and great contact with the owner chef Sandro......just returned (I understand he opened the original Gnocchi in 1998) after many years in Italy....about 30 miles south of Rome.  He heard that my husband can not do a lot of dairy so he very earnestly said just tell me how you want it and I will make it for you....Sandro also added his thoughts about that day's specials and what he most recommended.  We were laughingly told by the greeter/overseer MISU that Sandro cooks better if you offer him one of your BYOB drinks. We quickly offered a beer and Sandro accepted
.  Wow the results were beyond delicious.  We had a variety of starters including mussels, a special Caprese like salad, and Jewish artichokes (mine)  in each instance there was something special with the mix of seasonings....,you could catch a hint of this, and a little kick of that. You really enjoyed each forkful.  Then came the entrees.....linguine with clams and oil/garlic, rigatoni with calamari and pecorino, veal osso bucco, and whole fish of he day. We all oohed and ahhed as we worked our way through the platters and took a taste of each other's meals, simply superb and I  mean REALLY!  Sandro sent out a portion of Tiramisu for us to enjoy with his compliments....light and delicious.  Will we return?  You betcha! 
 Note they are cash only and BYO. Very reasonable priced. 
  I took several photos but can't figure out how to post them?I am not sure what to think of this place, so I gave a 3.  I would give the food a 4, but the service was pretty bad.  FOOD - Shared the fried calamari, shrimp, and mussel app, which was very good - light fry with lots of flavor and a nice light marinara.  Thought it was weird that it didn't come with lemon on the side, but that's more of just something I am used to.  Both my friend and I had the same meal, Pork Osso Bucco.  It was a special for the night.  It was pretty good, served with some of the best prepared kale I've had and seemingly overcooked gnocchi.  I feel like if you are called "Gnocchi," your gnocchi should be cooked perfectly every time.  The tomato sauce it was in totally made up for it though as it was one of the better ones I've had outside of Italy.  The pork was good, but tough for an osso bucco.  Based on their version, I like veal osso bucco much better.  
SERVICE - It started out great.  Me and my friend are both new to the city, so we are getting used to this popular BYO scene.  The wine store closed before we got there, but our waitress brought us 2 glasses of wine on the house, which was very nice of her.  Our food came out in a timely manner, however, once we were finished, I asked her for the check.  After 10 minutes, we asked another waiter for our check, and then it was brought to us.  We put down credit cards and then 5 minutes later when she returned, we were told they do not take credit.  There was no sign (I looked again later) saying no credit or cash only.  I had to go down the block to a credit machine to take money out so I could pay.  
I will probably return because it is close to my place and the food was decent.  However, I hope the service is better next time.After coming here last weekend for the first time, I had to share the experience with my best pal visiting from NYC. She had the Cacio e pepe, a very well made pasta I had tried and swear by. It was hard not having the same dish again, but I went with their Linguine and Clams to change it up a bit. Both were crafted with perfection. We shared a bottle of red wine that they kindly opened for us. To end the experience, we got the chocolate soufflé which was topped off with a scoop of strawberry ice cream. 
Of course, I can't end this review without noting the amazing staff. Ashley is phenomenal and very knowledgeable of their dishes. She was our server and I look forward to going back again!Took a date to dinner here last night and it was the perfect evening. The wait staff was amazingly attentive and added to the evening.  Our waters never made it below the half way mark without being filled, and there was not enough they could do to make sure we were enjoying ourselves. For dinner I had the Salmon which was cooked perfectly. We brought a Shiraz/Merlot mixture and the food and wine complimented each other quite nicely. We split the panna cotta for dessert and we ended up ordering a second one.  The place itself has a charming, comfortable atmosphere with music softly in the background that takes you back to Italy.  I can not wait to try more of the menu.Phenomenal gnocchi and just amazing cook. The chef is super accommodating and made custom gnocchi meal for us. Loved the food!!!
The place is small and a little warm so they need to work on getting better AC, 4 stars because service was pretty crappy. Hard to get a hold of a waitress and they didn't take the time to tell us specials. The owner chef had to do it. Waitresses seemed more like busboys than a waitress. Unorganized too as we didn't have anyone dedicated to taking our order or bringing food. But the food was great!!We had the most amazing meal tonight. The appetizer was artichokes sautéed in butter that melted in our mouths. Our entrees were the suggested home made lasagna and the special gnocchi made with ricotta and mascarpone in a blush sauce. For dessert, we had tiramisu and panna cotta. It reminded me of dinner in Rome. Thank you for an incredible dinner and great service.Last night I my bf and I grabbed a bottle of wine, a big one, and took it along to gnocchi for their current recession deal of dinner for two for just $25.  After a movie, we headed over and arrived to an empty restaurant at 9:30pm on a Tuesday night.  We hesitated, considering the kabob place next door which we love.  We stuck with Gnocchi mostly to see what the deal really was like.
Also, part of my desire to try this place was to see if it could be as bad as some of the more terrible reviews it's gotten here on yelp.  I mean, the weather's been so annoyingly crappy lately, I was almost in the mood to go off on some bad service!  I was deprived of this though.
The restaurant is really cute and warm.  When we arrived a hostess/server promptly greeted us and offered the front table by the window.   We were treated like kings, actually.  They fawned over us.  Quickly, they  brought out some bread, filled our water and wine glasses for us and refilled them as soon as we sipped them, it seemed.  Eventually when a couple other tables came in, we felt relieved to have the two ladies hover less and let us pour our own wine even.
 We each had chosen to order the house salad which was standard chopped Romain, tomatoes, cucumber and roasted peppers.  It was OK, not bad, not skimpy.  For entrees, we ordered the Fettuccine bolognese  and the Tre Fromaggia gnocci.  I liked both but the gnocchi was surprisingly good.  The cheesy sauce was delicious and the mushrooms and peppers added in were nice with the pasta.  The Bolognese sauce was ok, but it could've used a bit of zip, maybe even some fresh basil. 
For dessert we shared an adequate sized order of Tirimasu and two coffees.  We were indeed quite full for $25.
The size of the bottle of wine maybe helped, but we enjoyed it.  Afterwards, we agreed it wasn't earth shattering good, just good.
As much as I enjoyed the price and service, a trace of regret lingers at my missed opportunity to bitch and yell about it.  Maybe next time!Fantastic. 
Great food - the chef's menu was a bargain with a sample of appetizers, shared pasta, two entrees and dessert. Grilled octopus was fab, the lamb shank was falling-off-the-bone tender with delicious flavor, the eggplant parm had great texture with excellent sauce.  Tiramisu was light and sweet. 
Staff was friendly and welcoming and seem to take pride in the place. The room is charming. 
BYO keeps the price reasonable - always a plus!
This place is a neighborhood gem. 
Cash only, at least right now - but there are atms just around the corner.I wrote a review for this restaurant, but it is no longer posted. Is it possible for someone to delete it ?Finally visited Gnocchi last night, and shame on us for not going sooner. We had a wonderful meal! 
Now, full disclosure: Amy and I are very friendly with the owner. That said, I will tell you we received no special considerations, bonuses or anything else like that. We were served the same as everyone else.
The food was really good. I am 100% Italian and have had some bangin' red gravy in my day, and Gnocchi held its own. From the homemade, dense, crusty, warm bread to the light-as-air homemade tiramisu, everything was good. I ordered poorly on the appetizer side, going with the fried seafood app. I was expecting something more akin to Dmitri's crack-like sautéed mussels. My bad. Amy had her favorite dish of all time, the caprese. The tomatoes were amazing, but really, living as close as we do to Jersey, wonderful tomatoes should be the standard this time of year. Unfortunately not every restaurateur gets that. The buffalo mozz was flavorful and creamy, perfectly firm.
The gnocchi themselves were like cherub pillows. Amy had the Alfredo-style tres formaggio, with mushrooms, roasted red peppers and raddicchio. Really nice. 
They had eggplant parm as an addition last night. Homemade, with sicilian eggplant (hard to find), the same delicious buffalo mozz and homemade red gravy. Melted in my mouth. Best I have ever tasted. Amy agreed. We thought about it all day today. We, we are pathetic.
The service was perfect. Friendly, cheerful, knowledgeable and sweet.
The atmosphere was fine. I did not hear any bad music.
Can't wait to go back!Great lil BYO in Philly!  Best Gnocchi I had in a long time...fresh!  Waitress was sweet...brought us out a piece of tiramasu on the house!  Excellent tiramasu and I'm usually not a fan of it as I don't like anything with a coffee-type flavor.Simple traditional Italian BYOB, with good food and a very pleasant atmosphere. The menu is standard but I often want good traditional Italian food without bells and whistles or precious novel inventions, and this hits the spot. And when I say traditional Italian I mean well-made pastas, veal, seafood, etc - not a gloppy red sauce spaghetti place!  And it is more modestly priced than most comparable restaurants.  It is familiar homey and comfortable - not a fancy high end gastronomic experience. Service is good, the interior is simple and comfortable. It's a good tasty meal had a good value. Cash only.I love the husband and wife team who own this place. They talk to you in Italian sometimes, too. The food here, no doubt, is great. And although the location off South Street isn't stellar, their pasta and dessert dishes make up for it.
Every time I've come here it is always packed with chatter and lots of people with bottles of wine. Definitely give this a try and don't miss the tiramisu.I've been here twice and both times have been fabulous. My boyfriend and I loved everything, from the bread basket, caesar salad, mushroom portobello, meatballs, gnocchi, chicken parmesan, and dessert selections. My favorite is the spinach gnocchi, which can't be compared to anything else I've ever tried...it's seriously the best! Throughout the meal, my boyfriend also kept reiterating how the chicken parm was the best he's ever had. 
On top of the food, the staff are amazing-super friendly and just want you to ENJOY. 
The prices are great and very reasonable. 
I also LOVE that Gnocchi is BYOB!
Will definitely be coming back here, can't wait for more!Came here with 3 high school friends and we were blown away by the freshness of the gnocchi, friendliness of the service and coziness of the establishment. Its a very packed restaurant so get a reservation!
We brought our own wines which they uncorked and put in an ice bucket. The gnocchi was creamy, enough to feed 2 people, fresh and delicious! We got a late dinner and they allowed us to stay past closing time (thank you so much). The service made us feel at home and gave an impeccable review of the entire menu, it felt like being in an Italian home. 
Cash only, and located near great other lively pubs, spots close to south street for post dinner fun.So glad I found this hidden gem off of south st. I was home visiting my family from Los Angeles, and we wanted to try a new authentic Italian cuisine. At first glance, we weren't too sure if we were going to go inside, however we were in for a great surprise. The food was superb, service fantastic, and the portion size was just enough (not too small, not too large). From the hand-rolled gnocchi, to the mouth watering porkchop, and you definetly can't forget about the must-try blackened salmon. I'm happy to say, we found a new hidden gem right off of South st. It's a small Restuarant, but large in flavor and cuisine. We definetly will be dining here again, and I hope more people get to experience there food as well!I was there with a group and the waiter took it upon himself to decide that we all wanted 'chef's table'.  Nobody asked me about this and since I am allergic to red meat as well as most cheeses, I immediately said "Excuse me, but I am not able to participate in that since I have food allergies" the waiter looked at me as though I have three heads and he panicked, saying that "everyone" was ordering chef's table.  I told him that I would order my own things and pay for them.
He then listed off the specials and only one of them was meat-free, but since the description was ambiguous, I asked "How and with what is the gnocchi prepared?"  He said "you can't have the gnocchi, it has flour" I said "I'm not allergic to flour. How is the gnocchi prepared?" He walked off to get the chef, and when they returned, the waiter repeated himself about how I cannot have the gnocchi.  (At that point, if I hadn't been there with a large group, I would have gone elsewhere to eat)  I asked again how and with what is the gnocchi is prepared and the waiter said "with flour, egg and pumpkin". I said. "I know, I have prepared gnocchi many times at home. With what ELSE is it prepared?  Finally the chef explained that he preps it with olive oil, garlic, basil and tomato. I said "THAT is what I Have been trying to find out for the past 15 minutes, thank you". The waiter looked shocked and was rude to me the rest of the time. Yes, the gnocchi ended up being good. The chef knows his job well, the waiter doesn't.
On the menu the gnocchi is $14, yet I was charged $ 23 for it without warning. I only tipped $2 because of this rude and unprofessional waiter. Outrageous. I will not be back.The first bite of gnocchi tasted fluffy and the last one left on the plate was chewy from the outside and soft in the inside. I used their homemade bread to clean up the sauce left. The mousse of their tiramisu tasted fresh and light. You will simply forget that your are already full and enjoy the tiramisu.Excellent veal parmesean - very tender, tasty sauce. Dessert was panna cotta (lemon) with fresh fruit. Very good and perfect on a hot summer evening. Great service, nice people. Highly recommend!Food was delicious! Staff friendly, casual atmosphere. Parking wasn't even an issue - there's a parking lot down the street and off-street parking with Kiosks ($5 for a few hours) nearby.Went there 2 or 3 times with my now wife when we lived in the city. We never had an issue with the service. Good place. Obviously, the gnocchi is great, but so are a lot of items on the menu.All I can say is WoW!  Had the Chef's table and I experienced some of the best food ever.  The Lamb was so tender it fell off the bone.  The Gnocchi is better than Danielle's and the Chicken Parm was so tender you could eat it with a platic fork and never break a tong.  Highly recommend and bring some friends get the Chef's table and DO NOT EACH LUNCH before coming over.  Did I mention the salads, fresh mutz and bruchett, muscles and garlic bean salad?  Trust me you will thank me for this.