Went to Goat Hollow last night for dinner with a friend who lives in Mt. Airy. Atmosphere was great - rustic, love the wood stove (would imagine that it's very warm & welcoming on a winter night). We sat at the bar, bartender was attentive, my martini was excellent and she kept an eye on my friend's wine glass. We ordered the charcuterie platter (currently kind of obsessed with them) and a large house salad to split. The salad was fine, but I was somewhat surprised that they didn't split it for us (especially given lack of space at the bar). Slightly overdressed and could have used more goat cheese. The charcuterie platter was disappointing to say the least! The cheeses (I believe there were 3?) were cut into such tiny slivers that you could barely get a decent feeling for the taste/texture. The prosciutto was fine, there just wasn't much of it. There was no explanation of the cheeses OR the meats, and a couple of the meats were... difficult to discern? A terrine of some kind? The pickled veggies were good, as were the cornichons (but those likely came out of a can, as did the whole grain mustard). I believe we received 5 pieces of bread to go with the whole thing. Needless to say, we both left hungry. 
On a positive note, another patron at the bar ordered the smoked salmon board, and it looked delicious - we were both jealous and drooling over the plentiful portion of salmon and pile of bread. Why so stingy with the meats & cheeses, Goat Hollow?Just had our 2nd meal here and again very impressed! Spur of the moment decision to go out for dinner & we were able to get a table for 4 and had a lovely time- only negative part of the night was the room temperature. Unfortunately the a/c couldn't quite keep up with the outside temperature but our waitress was very understanding and was able to move us to the front room near the ceiling fan. Everything from appetizers to entrees were delicious and we look forward to our next meal here! We had the Cubano sandwich, the fish tacos, the brisket sandwich and the scallops entree, we were all quite satisfied!!Tremendous beer list, decent food, but really spotty service. Never known for their swiftness, on my most recent visit, it took fully 20 minutes for someone to come over and take our drinks order, then a further 10 minutes for the drinks to be served. 
With the potential this place has, it should be buzzing, but with the attitude of staff and management, it's easy to see why McMenamins is cleaning up, and Goat Hollow isn't.This place is definitely a hidden gem in Mt Airy.. I always try my best to support local business.the decor is pretty mellow, dark and warm, great for catching up with friends, a date night or evening a business lunch. Great beer menu with many options, also some great cocktails to. My husband and I order the goat shrimp as a appetizer which was pretty good, for our meal he order mergueze lamb. I order the brisket sandwich which was so delicious! I differently would suggest this place. My only advice is if your in a rush this may not be the right place for the food can take a bit of time, since it's all fresh and made right there.GREAT Mt. Airy neighborhood place! Food was excellent, menu diverse, ambience relaxed.....except for the "background" music - cacophonous, frenetic and much too loud for the modest crowd that populated the room. Management asleep at the wheel in this category...seemingly clueless.It's tough for me to give bad ratings... especially since this is right in my neighborhood and I may find myself in here for a beer again or something eventually (I have been called out for my reviews before...)
Anyway, now that I've apologized in advance, time to get to the grimy... speaking of grimy...
I don't like finding foreign objects on my plate... pieces of food or any other material that aren't designated as part of my meal... nor do I think were even intentionally placed on my plate.
The dishes weren't the only things that were dirty but they were certainly the most concerning... This in and of itself is enough for me to drop almost any place to three stars.
What saves this place was the lovely waitress we had.  She was especially sweet and made sure we were well catered to... though she didn't seem at all dressed for a restaurant in which the food attempts to be pretty damn fancy... note I said attempts.
A large portion of the menu is dedicated to differently spiced moules frites (which I had to google; it's a dish from France consisting of fries and mussels, sorry for being such a Pleb) and an assortment of other stuff that I just wouldn't expect from a local bar type scene.  
Maybe I am being too picky, but the space is very poorly used (in terms of decor/seating) and it all seems very rushed and... not very business like. 
As I said, I may end up here again for a beer eventually, but not soon, and not by choice... and I won't be eating... may bring my own mug.Delicious burgers, great beer list, and good service.  Bartenders are awesome! Good gluten free options, just watch what goes in the shared fryerWas very excited for this place to open, as we live just down the street and are always looking for new additions to the neighberhood.
We have been twice already, once on opening night for a few beers and again for dinner.  The owner came over and introduced himself both nights, which was a nice touch.
They have obviously put some thought into design and feel - the place looks great and is comfortable with lots of cool architectural features, good lighting and a great looking bar.  They also have 24 beers on tap, which is great.
Food was solid at dinner but has room for improvement.  I got a burger which was slightly overcooked but still tasty.  My wife got the brisket sandwhich with fries.  Fries were excellent and came with a tasty horseradish aoli type sauce that was very good.  Brisket was great but the roll it came on was a bit tought to bite through, taking away from the overall awesomeness of the sandwich.
Service was great at the bar opening night even though they were completely swamped - the bar tenders were putting in a lot of effort.  At dinner service was a little slow, but since it is still their first week and they were packed again I don't think thats a big deal.
Definitely still has some growing pains but I think that they have a lot going for them and with some improvement could be one of our go to spots.I had heard the hype and was keen to try Goat Hollow. it was easy to find and park. i liked the funky decor. Especially the feature light fixture on the 2nd floor with different vintage bulbs - very cool. it was nice to see they had games and coloring supplies for the kids. We ordered drinks as soon as our friends arrived. I had a very nice $7 glass of  Sauvignon Blanc, someone else in our group had the Chivitas, a draught cocktail which I tried and did not like at all,it had a very strange,strong taste but to be fair I'm not much of a fan of tequila drinks.
Since the chef used to work at Monks and I love mussels, I ordered the moules frites variation they labeled Lincoln Drive - mussels in white wine with leeks, and goat cheese with frites. Three of the kids got enormous grilled cheese sandwiches with  fries. My 10 year old got the vegan stir fry. Our friends got the duck salad,and  brisket sandwich,and my husband ordered the a burger. The problem was it took a really long time for the food to come out. ....Except the vegan stir fry. my daughter was finished before the rest of us got our entrees. The wait staff were apologetic and said they had several large tables at the same time. Our soups and salads were pretty fast, and the food was all very good . So we will give them another visit for sure.I'd love this to be higher, I really would. The atmosphere is great and I love the ideas on the menu, but both times we've been, we've had issues. On our most recent visit, I ordered a starter from the specials: chilled peach soup. The flavor was crazy-delicious, sweet and spicy and a heartier texture than I'd expected, but out of the three bites I tried, three were inedible...three-quarters of a peach pit in the first spoonful, then pebble-sized shards of pit in the others. I was afraid I was going to break a tooth on my soup and had to return it. (Now that would have been a story for the dentist!) They didn't offer anything else to replace it and didn't take it off the bill until we asked. The mussels were good (and only one had sand, so yay no broken teeth). The fries were fine but nothing special. My husband's burger was disappointing. Service was spotty.I went on Sunday, 1/27 to have dinner...the menu looked delish.  The owner was at the front desk which you walk by as you enter the place and didn't even pick up his head.  Anyway, I had somewhat high expectations for the place but kept in mind it just opened.  I ordered the brisket and they were OUT.  OK, no big deal so I ordered grilled veggie app. and out came 5 pieces of sliced squashed grilled with no flavor and some grilled onions.  I couldn't believe it.  It tasted terrible to boot. We asked for it to be fried and the waitress said she had to go ask.  They did make a new tray of fried veggies with a dipping sauce and charged us $7 but it said $5 on the menu.  I then ordered a burger medium well.  The burger was pressed so hard and was flavorless. Come on now, a flavorless burger???  Wendy's makes a better one!    As I waited for my food, I looked around at what was going on.  Only one waitress had her act together, all of the table runners went to the wrong tables every time and the owner was simply just there...no real presence.  I agree with the other person who mentioned that the Tasso Ham had no flavor, they do make it in house so it just probably needs some tweaking. Well can't say I will be back soon.  Maybe they will get their act together oh and some clean bathrooms, soap, brisket and tables that are not broken.  Good luck!My friend and I went for brunch today. It was great. Cute atmosphere with a nice fireplace. The staff was nice and helpful, even being aware of gluten issues for my friend who has Celiac's. 
The menu was great and what we ordered was really good. The drinks were also very good. I definitely want to go back for dinner sometime.Recent notes on food: these guys occasionally miss the mark, especially with the smoked brisket. First, it's often tough and dry. Second, their obligatory horseradish sauce RUINS the unique qualities of smoked brisket, even of dried out smoked brisket. Third, the cheese on the smoked brisket sandwich is a terrible idea. Cheese and smoked brisket don't go together, period.
So order selectively.One of the best burgers I've had in Philly! Pickled pork belly and provolone...  Omg!  They even had a gluten free bun that tasted like a real bun. The atmosphere was cozy and inviting, with great music. The service was very friendly. The owner even came over to speak with us and told us he made the pear & vanilla bean sangria. Can't wait to go back!Nice little local neighborhood place. Creative bar. Entrees -$17 each. Husband had short ribs. Everything was seasoned well not too salty. Only 3 stars because our initial waiter checked us once then went to hang at the bar. Another waitress came by and after we flagged her down she adopted us. Also, wines by the glass were a little expensive for the pour size and the entrees just seemed pre-cooked and then reheated or microwaved. We'd definitely go back. Worked for my 20-something too who never knew it was there and has lived a couple miles away his whole life.As always, it takes much too long to get a waiter over right away and too long to get the first round of drinks out and dinner ordered and then had to wait for the 2nd round of drinks after the food arrived.  Food was great, service was friendly and atmosphere lovely, but they need to figure out the bottleneck at the bar when the restaurant is crowded.  Also, leave the beer/wine menu at the table!I'm Writing this in Hopes There will Never be a next time....
Last night 4/11/16 after continuing the traditional Opening Day Loss (Phillies Home Opener) with my dad and maneuvering through the 45k people leaving a car fire on 76 and an overturned truck on 95 causing a commute from South Philly to Mt Airy even down 38th St nearly 2hrs. 
I give you this back story bc it was around 8:30 or so when I ordered take out on this Monday night. I ordered the Goat Hollow as a chicken sandwich and a Mt Pleasant Burger Med/Med-well (my dad has yet to come around yet he'll eat a little completely raw...). I had every intention of splitting both! I have been eating as many amazing foods as possibly since spending a month in the hospital and getting out on 3/25. I was soooo looking forward to soft tender slow cooked candied melt in your mouth pork belly. That way it dissolves before you even really chew like a heavenly butter sort of that you forget you're eating the stomach of pig. That with provolone cheese and chicken would delight my taste buds!! Unfortunately what was on my plate was indeed the stomach of the pig gray slimy with the brown rind. There was some meat attached to it the muscle I'm assuming and that had a nice smoky flavor. The chicken was slightly between jello and done. My dad used his iPhone to make sure it wasn't pink. I was able to salvage the sandwich with some jalapeño jam. I will say that the Roll stayed fresh for take out and the fries while they lacked any actual tastiness were still crispy in the box. And of course the pickle. This was done WELL! Wrapped separately so not to get it's juices mixed in. This time I think it might have helped. Their special sauce I passed on it looked way too Mayo-ie for me. Now for the Mt Pleasant Burger requested Med/med-well bc my dad doesn't due Med. I had hoped for a juicy burger but what I got was a dry squished patty that someone rushed by pressing it into the grill. They flatted it out killing all the juice. The blue cheese was crumbled and barely singed a light brown but not warm or melted as I've made with my own burgers. Again. When it came to execution these take out dishes were subpar.
I'm deeply disheartened bc I love this local place! I have their digits in my phone bc my "?" spends lots of time together buddy loves their soup and specials. I call and ask what they are and we'll get anywhere from 2 no lie after dinner one night he asked for 6 more bowls of soup to go! He ate 4 of them by noon the next day!! I've had a fish meal here though that was a miss. It seems like some nights the kitchen is BANGIN!! Other nights they're off they're game by miles. Maybe it's my Dad they don't like. But EVERYONE hearts JimO. I hope we can get it right next time he's around.Lots of problems here! We made a reservation for 11:30 am, but when we arrived no one was working the hostess station. A couple minutes later, we stood in the doorway and waved someone over and were seated in a back corner. From the looks of things they were pretty short-staffed, especially for a busy Sunday brunch crowd.
The service was very polite (and eventually very apologetic) but it was clear they were overwhelmed. It was not until we waved down someone when we got our orders taken. It was 20 minutes before we got our drink orders in and we didn't get them until 30 minutes after we were sat. We constantly watched other tables - that had gotten seated after us -  getting their orders and and getting their food before us.  As we waited for our food, I thought this experience would only be redeemable if the food was fantastic.
It was another 30 minutes later when our food arrived - lukewarm. On top of that most of what we got was either wrong or not what was described.
Brioche french toast - actually not brioche, but regular sliced bread. Brioche is usually pillowy, thick slices of bread.
Huevos rancheros - this was served on hard, chewy tortillas, not the crispy, lightly fried corn tortillas they are typically served on. There was very little ranchero sauce, which made them mostly dry. The meat wasn't chopped up or incorporated in, just kinda laid on top like an afterthought. 
Steak eggs benedict - We got the steak and eggs served to us instead of the benedict, which was really good but a lot more expensive than the benedict. Luckily, one of the servers apologized and said they would charge us the benedict price and they took $10 off the bill to compensate. When we pointed out that the steak benedict was actually $11 cheaper, they took the coffees off the bill also. I thought the servers were nice and accommodating in this regard, however they were really hard to track down when we needed anything.
I also ordered a side of fruit that never came. (We weren't charged for it).
Lastly, it was really cold in the restaurant. Some people who were waiting stood huddled over their wood-burning stove. Some of us didn't remove our winter hats. I am not overly sensitive about temperature, but some of the people in our party were.
Overall, we won't be back. There are plenty of other places that serve brunch to check out in the area.Keep in mind that this place just opened and I'm sure they are working out the kinks.  We went on Saturday (late afternoon) and service was slow but they weren't very busy.  Apparently, we showed up during a shift change and that explains why it took a while for someone to come over to us for our drink orders.  
I order the soup (tomato basil) which was very good and the basil was fresh.  For my meal, I got the grilled cheese with ham and tomato.  It wasn't really a grilled cheese because it was on a baguette.  The tomato was terrible (pink) which I guess I should have known ordering a tomato in January, but if the ingredients aren't good, don't offer them!  The ham was OK, but nothing special.  The roll wasn't good at all because it was hard and cold (menu does not say it's on a baguette).  My husband got the poutine, which I think he enjoyed.  I think we will be back, but not for a while.  I am hoping they resolve the service issues with time.  My other complaint was that the prices were a little high.  My "grilled cheese" sandwich was very small and did not come with anything (even though the waitress said it came with a few greens).Great place. Burgers and mussels were excellent. Great Lakes beer paired perfectly.I really wanted to like Goat Hollow; unfortunately, I was very disappointed. The place was bustling on the Friday night I visited. This is the first problem-- it is so noisy you cannot have a conversation with the person sitting next to you. The server we had took his time, and was neither friendly nor unpleasant. The menu has a nice selection of things, though nothing exciting. I ordered a veggie burger, which was obviously just a frozen garden burger; I would have expected a house made one like at Wine Thief. It was supposed to be "The Carpenter" with gruyere and drunken mushrooms, but there was (maybe) a small piece of Swiss and nary a mushroom! Their "famous" fries were horrible: all little bits, soggy and cold. My silverware was dirty, with bits of dried food on it, but I couldn't get the server's attention to get a new set. I guess I made the right choice with the veggie burger; I didn't need silverware. The place does look very nice....what a shame.Amazing service and equally amazing food.  Our table had the poutine for an appetizer and it was fantastic, with spicy fries, brisket and cheddar.  For my mains I had the Jambalaya and it was every bit as good as what I had in New Orleans.  Lots of heat but not to the point of discomfort and loaded with shrimp, chicken and andouille sausage with a half dozen mussels to boot.
Excellent food, I'd recommend it to anyone.Id rather have Goat Hollow than no Goat Hollow in an area with few pub offerings, but The closest Mt. Airy has to a gastropub could do better. I've been there  three times. Food and service are solid, but not great. Several errors have been made on orders on two of my visits.Once, I ordered the veggie burger and it came out with pork belly on top. Here's a tip--if someone is ordering a vegetarian burger, they probably don't want a portion of fried pig guts on it. And when I pointed out the pork belly, they just took it back to the kitchen, took it off and sent back the same burger. Not cool. For brunch, it took over 90 minutes to get our food although the server and the manager both repeatedly apologized.
It's more good than bad, though. Despite The Pork Belly Incident of 2013, there are several solid vegetarian options and the salads are great. Beer list is way better than average and while the service isn't always crisp, it's absolutely friendly. The atmosphere is laid back and well-behaved kids seem to be welcome, but I wouldn't say it's kid-friendly. 
I plan to go there again on occasion, but Goat Hollow isn't in the same caliber of its Monk's counterpart.A neighborhood relaxed bar and resturant in Mt Airy. Don't be like me and walk past this place over a year and just decided to visit when you are leaving in a week. 
Takeout order: I got the Emlen burger, it was juicy, the bread was soft, and that yellow dip? Fantastic! The fries were alright, I think the cook was a bit overzealous with the seasoning. Also, friendly bartender (older man with a limp) and hostess. 
Visit this place and support your local business owners.This was a great new find for us. Between the wood stove keeping my wife warm to the great gluten-free choices for my kids, we'll be back. Hopefully soon and often. Service was fantastic too.I went here a few weeks ago with my girlfriend and we both loved it. The hummus to start out with was tasty and I had the mergueze sandwich which was a nice little treat. The May Fly cocktail was delightful and she enjoyed her strawberry beer. Our waiter (Jeff I think), I really wish I could remember his name was energetic and knew everything about how the food was prepared and was very excited and knowledgeable about everything. I pulled Andy (the manager/owner) aside to chat with him and he was very nice and very responsive and open to comments.Been here 2x recently. Food-wise  everything has been on point. Although the service is good the food seems to be a little slow coming out of the kitchen. Not the place if you have limited time. Also live music on Thursday nights is a  bonus. Nice interior space and nice outdoor patio.tried goat hollow a few times a year or so ago, and maybe I just kept ordering the wrong stuff, because people I ate with seemed unimpressed but in general okay with their meals - but each visit I tried something different and it was legitimately gross every time.The burgers here are so tasty and there's always something yummy on the beer list.  The folks working at lunch time are great. It can take a bit of time for your food to come out, so it's probably not the best lunch stop if you're in a hurry.I was expecting a whole lot more out of this place, but all we really got was a headache.  
We had 1pm reservations on a Sunday, and while there were only a few other tables occupied, we waited nearly an hour for any food to arrive.  Our waiter did not make an appearance as often as he should, and refills on drinks were difficult to come by.  
The food was blah.  I got a veggie burger that was burnt and mostly tasteless.  Two members of my party got mussels and said they were ok, kind of sandy, and not worth getting again.  Another said the fried chicken was fried chicken, nothing special.  The chicken sandwich, according to my boyfriend, was pretty good, the toppings were great, but the bread was maybe a bit too thick.  Another got veal cheeks and said they were ok.  The fries all around were soggy and tasteless.
For dessert, four of my party ordered bread pudding, and after waiting at least 15 minutes we were told they only had two bread puddings left.  The another 15 minutes and they only had one.  The manager came around a couple of times and told us he was giving us free dessert, except we had to talk to him twice to fix our check so the desserts were actually free.  Bread puddings were apparently good, the chocolate mousse was blah, the apple crisp was passable, and the creme brulee was ok.  
When we finally got out of that place, my party of seven rated it a 3/10 at very best.  None of us will be going back.The food here is excellent.  They cure their own meats and it shows, particularly at brunch.
The only thing keeping it from 5 stars is the service.  They just don't seem to have enough staff to keep up with even moderate crowds.
Tonight, our drinks came well after our appetizers were finished.  Dirty plates were stacked up all over our table.
Try to go at less busy times.The first time my boyfriend and I went to Goat Hollow we sat at the bar. Food was good (I got fish tacos and my boyfriend got fried chicken) the bartender was nice and attentive. However the food took way too long.
We went again recently but had an awful experience. Our server seemed like he'd rather be anywhere but there. After greeting us he seriously gave us 1 minute until coming back to get our drink order. I felt rushed and ended up picking a random beer. It was a similar situation for our food order too. My boyfriend got the beef brisket and 75% was just fat. I got the cured salmon starter and it was good. The food came out quick but the server didn't even come back to check to see if we were enjoying it until our last couple bites. 
I will not be returning to this place again unless I'm just getting a drink at the bar.Made a reservation for 4 for a Saturday night at 8:30.  Didn't have any problems sitting down close to on time.  The service I thought was very good overall, though it did take a while for our food to come out.  We were enjoying our conversation so it wasn't noticeable.
We ordered the mussels to share - Lincoln Drive.  Very tasty broth!  The mussels were huge but many of them were opened slightly, which made me nervous.  I don't know if it's the size/weight of the shells that kept them towards the closed side or that they needed a little more steaming.  No one got sick, so I suppose all was well.  The fries it came with were excellent and they had a nice mayo dipping sauce as well as ketchup.
I was quite disappointed in my meal.  I ordered the chicken with dijon glaze.  I got a chicken breast with all the bones and what I guess was a drumstick.  The skin was burnt, which was quite obvious when it was put down in front of me.  I can't believe they served it that way.  They didn't add much of the dijon sauce, which is what I looked forward to.  Inside, I was glad that it was cooked thoroughly, but it sure was a skimpy chicken breast.  The roasted root vegetables that came with it were fantastic as was the au gratin potatoes.  I wish I had ordered the veggie burger like I originally planned and gotten the au gratin potatoes.
My husband got the steak frites.  The steak seemed cold to him from the start, but he was talking so much it took him a while to get to the steak.  The fries again were great.  I think the salad on the plate with them is a little unnecessary.  
Our friends got the steak frites as well and it wasn't cold, and the burger, which they seemed to enjoy.
The beer list on draft is quite extensive, so you can pretty much find anything you would like.  
I enjoyed the ambiance of the place and the fireplace/stove in the middle.  Overall we enjoyed the experience, but I would definitely get something different if we go again.Dined at Goat Hollow quite a few times in their opening year. The food was consistently so-so and the service slow (or very close to nonexistent), but we considered it a welcome addition to the neighborhood (and our date nights) based on its ambience, bartender, decent cocktails and proximity to home. On 3 occasions, our server took our order and never showed his face again; we were eventually helped by the other server and/or the bartender. Whatever. We never cared. 
We did, however, care that at what turned out to be our last time there, A), that same disappearing server wrote in his own 30% tip on their merchant copy our credit card receipt after we left -- that's 30% in addition to the 20% cash tip we left with the receipt) -- and B), a week later, with a quick glance at the mismatching receipts in hand, the manager seemed unsurprised & not much bothered, handed us our receipt back plus cash and merely said, "I'll talk to him."
Whatever. We may never care to go back.I want this place to be successful, because the neighborhood could use a nice local stop.  BUT on Sunday night:
1. The hostess never looked up from her pad (maybe jotting down a takeout menu) for a full 5 minutes to acknowledge us standing at her station.  I finally suggested that my wife and daughter go find a seat at the bar.  I waited another 2 minutes for the hostess to look up and take my name.
2. At the bar, we ordered two cocktails and a beer.  One of the cocktails served was wrong.  The bartender gave me change for a twenty, not the fifty I gave him.  (He acknowledged his mistake.)
3.  After seating, we were promised water.  We received our apps, and then told that they were out of glasses.
4.  The wild boar terrine wasn't; it was flavorless pork, and was served with two small slices of toast.
5.  After over an hour, our entrees arrived - my daughter's poutine was literally cold, and we sent it back.  Her tossed salad, ordered as a starter, arrived a few minutes later.  My wife's ratatouille was five slices of zucchini, tomato chunks and canned Parmesan scorched under the salamander. My beef carbonatta was mostly gravy, which was flavorful enough, but no bread or starch was provided.
In summary, I've traveled around the world for the last 25 years on business and eat out a lot, and this was the worst dining experience I can remember.  I kept looking for Gordon Ramsey to show up and start shouting.
Thankfully, the manager arrived and graciously advised that we would not be charged for the meal.  We promised to come back in a month to try again.  I hope they're still open.Terrific French onion soup and Lincoln Drive mussels. Broth worth finishing off. Pomme frites crisp and tasty. 21st Amendment IPA on tap--can't beat that! Complaints about service a thing of the past. Our server (Gigi) was great, as were her helpers. Definitely coming back.My fiance and I were in town for the Philadelphia Cheesesteak and Foodie fest and we were looking for a place to have good food and most especially, good drinks. I went on Yelp and found this place, read the reviews, which were all really good and based on the menu and the fact that they had poutine,  we decided to give them a try. They definitely did not disappoint,  the food was good but the drinks were amazing. I especially love the blood orange and agave sangria and my fiance ordered the green goat, which he really enjoyed. The place was pretty packed for a Saturday evening,  always a good sign, and even though we had to wait, we didn't mind because the atmosphere was very warm and welcoming. Next time we come to Philly, we'll definitely have to come back!*ordered from Grubhub on a sunday* delivery was prompt and order was correct. The burgers were delicious and so was the sauce they provided. I ordered the Emlen burger medium and it was cooked perfectly. The fries are on the thin side and more on the soft side instead of crunchy and they were delicious.So glad that Goat Hollow is back! Salvage chic decor, attentive wait staff, inspired earthy cuisine joined together for a delightful neighborhood dining experience. Diversity of patrons reflective of the neighborhood - We will return frequently.Despite the poor reviews by previous yelpers we braved it and finally gave Goat Hollow a shot last night.  
Beautiful decor and great atmosphere
Attentive service 
Large beer selection (I think wine list was long too but I didn't order wine)
Good food
Reasonable prices
Calamari appetizer special was really flavorful and had fried jalapeño slices mixed in with it for a kick. Lincoln drive muscles were great. The fries that came with it we slightly cold but the spicy mayo on the side was a nice addition. Brisket entree special was yummy. 
We will return soon.Maybe they were having an off day. I went with 2 friends for brunch. We were confused as to how seating worked so we sorta of awkwardly wandered in and around. The bartender told us to seat ourselves. When we did, the ambience was very cool, rustic and cozy. 
Service was "meh"... our server didn't seem to want to be there or was tired. 100% unenthusiastic about us dining at their establishment. We got over that quickly, ordered some drinks and ordered food. We ordered tater tots not knowing they came with one of our friends meals. It would have been super helpful if while we were ordering our server said "tater tots come with hers, do you still want an additional plate of them?"... but alas, unenthusiastic.
Our food was really good. Everything came out hot and tasty, well seasoned but not knock your socks off memorable. Like, I can still remember the food I ate at Buddakhan, Amada and Two Petals Cafe... Goat Hollow was good. Just good.
Doubt I'll be back but glad it's a cute little go-to in the 'hood.Amazing food! Incredible staff! I love this place and will go back whenever possible.I can't believe this superb Mt. Airy gastropub has only 3 stars on Yelp. They are definitely in the 4-5 star range, and I don't hesitate in giving them 5. The food is excellent - even the veggie burger, which so often can be routine and uninspired, was fully satisfying on my last visit. The beer selection is really outstanding, as they have many choices on tap. I've been here many times, and have never had a bad experience with the staff being inattentive. On a cold day, I like the Franklin stove that they'll have fired up, and I can't wait for them to open the outdoor area, which I understand should be this summer. If this were my neighborhood pub, you'd find me here all the time! It doesn't get better.The food is good but the servers are too pushy. Sometimes, you just want a meal and don't want to do it up with appetizers and drinks galore - just let us be. One server sat down and continued to go through all of his favorite apps and drinks - even after we told him we knew what we wanted. This is the only reason we haven't been back - because we felt pressured to order more - which just doesn't make for a relaxed experience.We've been here before a couple of years ago. When we walked in it took the bartender, Irish, a couple of minutes before he acknowledged us. Then very curtly asked how many. Clearly just the two of us. He wasn't pleasant by any means. We got seated and waited a while. Our meal was pretty good, definitely not great, but the service was awful. The weren't busy at all. Don't think I'll be returning.Excellent service, delicious food, creative cocktails, and comfortable setting.  Would get the dipping plate and special of the day (catfish) again.  Kept my expectations low and was very pleasantly surprised.  Was there for dinner on a Wednesday night.  Our server was fantastic, I believe his name was David.  Prices are high, but the quality and taste is worth it.   Would certainly dine there again!Great brunch! Wonderful salmon benedict with tater tots, which were crispy and yummy. Coffee was also great, and the service was fast and friendly. Definitely going back!I'm new to writing reviews on Yelp but not new to gastropubs. I usually just read the reviews and take them with a grain of salt because I feel some people just love to tell people what to do and get 'likes.' But after stumbling upon poorly written lackluster reviews of one of my favorite spots I was compelled to make time to write a review. As an avid home brewer who moved to Mt. Airy after 7 years living among the vibrant passyunk ave food scene, and who has frequented this establishment over 20 times, I feel qualified to give a reasonable review.
The Goat is your quintessential neighborhood gastropub. It functions as a place where neighbors will regularly gather to chat, watch a game, have a good drink and enjoy well crafted and exciting, but unpretentious food.
The bar is spacious but does not dominate the interior. The bartenders are attentive and make you feel welcome.  Behind the bar is a woodburning stove that is quite nice in the winter. Recently added patio seating allows you to enjoy the nighttime sounds of the birds and community that is the urban oasis of Mt. Airy.
The beer list is extensive and well chosen. They have sours, IPAs, porters, wheats, stouts and many other styles. I have had over five hundred different beers and I am always able to find something I've never tried here. The rotating list of house cocktails never fails to impress. And half off ALL drafts and apps during happy hour is truly a steal.  When dinner plans implode at our household it is an easy night out to take the kids to happy hour for an inexpensive but quality meal.
Crab cake sandwich: awesome. Wings: awesome. All of the burgers and mussels (there are 5 varieties of each): awesome. Scallop entree with risotto cake: awesome. Brisket sandwich: awesome (if you are morally opposed to anything else on a brisket sandwich other than meat then don't order it). I could go on and on with the awesome.
The staff is great. They are efficient, caring and offer thoughtful recommendations.  There is even an aspiring stand up comedian among the bunch (aka Fozzy) who never fails to bring a smile to my family or any other customer.
Is this some shiny fake bohemian bourgeoisie pub backed by a deep pocketed and fiscally driven restaurateur? No.  Is it a neighborhood place that is welcoming to all, cares about the people it serves, dishes up delicious fare and maintains a fantastic beer list? Yes. You should go here.We went to Goat Hollow for brunch on Mt. Airy Brunch Spring Sessions weekend. We had a baked crab appetizer which was great. Then shrimp and grits which had an excitingly spiced shrimp sauce over smooth and creamy grits (my husband is from the south so we are grits connoisseurs). The waiter was delightful and helpful. The food took a while as they were busy, but it we forgot the wait once it came. Portions were neither too big or small. Tasty and just right. 
The decor, which can feel austere at night, lends itself to a nice airy and light=filled daytime atmosphere.
Lovely brunch!Still miss the old place, but the service and food here are great. Make reservations. Cocktails are great too.Caveat: I did not eat a meal here - just drinks at the bar. But the beer list is great, the ambiance is cozy (but not in a cramped, small way), and all of the staff are very pleasant and friendly.  Took a look at the menu and will definitely be back for dinner.  Mt. Airy is lucky to have such a nice neighborhood place.This place has a great, warm, informal atmosphere. Had the jambalaya, which was very legit. The beer selection is top notch, they do flights. If I lived a bit closer Goat Hollow would be my go to. It's just one of those places you look forward to dining at and come out full and happy.My boyfriend and I visited this establishment on a Tuesday evening around 5pm. Out waitress was very sweet and the service was excellent.  We only had a few appetizers (cured salmon, vegetable dumplings, and the cheese and charcuterie plate), all of which were delicious. My only complaint was that upon receiving our food, we were a little confused about what was what on the charcuterie board. Someone who looked like a manager/owner approached our table to ask how we were doing. We attempted to ask him about the charcuterie board, and he had no idea.  We were fine with this response because he followed up with a, "let me check with the chef."  We never saw him again. I understand it's a new place and they probably have to work out all the "kinks".  Needless to say, we'll go back considering the overall service and food were great.After being sat by the hostess, we did not see a waitress for exactly 27 minutes.  This was all while the owner was walking around in our seating area, giving free drinks to a few patrons, etc.  Once our waitress came to our table (we heard a few waitresses near our table whispering louder than they thought they were - "Is that your table?" "No... I thought it was your table." "Is anyone waiting on them?"), she was great and attentive.  My boyfriend and I are used to being treated like this in restaurants - being in our early 20s, waitresses/waiters, bartenders, hostesses, etc. tend to ignore us, assuming we won't tip as well, or whatever inspires service as bad as this, but the fact that the owner was talking to every other person over 30 years old in our section, but almost seemed to be avoiding us was kind of insulting.  We tried to laugh about it and said, "Well, the menu looks so great.  Maybe the food will make up for the service?"  The charcuterie platter was sparse and the cheese wasn't even great.  For the price, it's definitely not worth it.  The duck salad was mediocre.  The duck wasn't seasoned at all, which I felt was an opportunity that a good chef wouldn't have missed.  The burger that my boyfriend got was pretty good, so he shared some with me.  It kind of stunk when the girl taking our dishes away spilled ketchup all of my boyfriend's pants.  The entire time, my boyfriend and I had to practically shout at each other to be heard, and it wasn't even busy, so I don't understand how that is possible.  Additionally, whoever designed the place went for "funky" over "functional."  The seats were so uncomfortable, and getting up to go to the bathroom was a struggle.  I don't think I will be going back to Goat Hollow.This was not our first time at Goat Hollow and I usually love it. But this time they didn't have several of the beers I requested that were on the menu; the server said the menu was outdated and I should check the chalkboard, but again, they didn't have several of the beers that were on the chalkboard either. The food was mostly delicious, with a few minor caveats: They put what should have been a nice crusty hunk of bread in the mussel bowl with the lid on so by the time it arrived at the table it was a soggy hunk of bread that neither my husband nor I was interested in eating. You want to dip crusty bread into your mussel broth when the mussels are gone! Also, some of my mussels were gritty. So not the greatest experience we've had there. Not major disappointments, but still, I've come to expect better at this place.Mussels were great in a delicious sauce.   Brisket sandwich was very good too.  Did not like the fish tacos-   too much fried beer batter with one  piece of fish per taco-  needs more things added for flavor for the taco- salad, guac,-  and more fish for sure.I give five stars when I can't find anything to complain about, and our first trip to Goat Hollow was perfect. We sat at the bar, and ordered three drinks between the two of us over the course of the evening: the Gold Fashioned, Clover Club, and Negroni. Each of the cocktails was well-balanced and made with skill and accuracy. Our bartenders were friendly and attentive, taking the time to banter with us while also providing efficient service to us and the others at the bar. Our food came out quickly. I had the Sedgewick Mussels (in a garlic-herb-tomato broth), and my companion ate one of the burgers which was cooked exactly as she requested it. Both of our meals were excellent. I thought the place seemed stylish and upscale without being pretentious. AND the price was right: three cocktails and two entrees came to $53.I just wanted to add that I went for a burger and it was one of the greatest meals I've had in a restaurant, in my life. Yes, I know it was just a burger but when something is done right, it deserves recognition.I feel like the quality of the food has decreased since I wrote my initial review last year. Last month was the last time my husband and I ate dinner here for a few reasons:
1. The food took beyond a reasonable amount of time to be served (over an hour)
2. I ordered a Cuban sandwich and fries and my husband got a burger and fries. Both of our fries were brought out so brunt that our server apologized before even handing us the plates. He clearly realized he should not have left the kitchen with these items but did not want to make us wait longer. Prior to finishing our meal, we were brought fresh fries. My sandwich bread was also very brunt. I ended up wasting about half of it.
I continue to give this place 3 stars because they do have a decent menu and our service has always been good, but given the new options on Germantown Ave, I think I will skip Goat Hollow.Good food, quirky decor, great service. Went for first time since it reopened 7 weeks ago, and had a very nice evening. Live entertainment is beginning this month!Great local spot! I met friends for brunch here. We loved the food and the servers were friendly. However, service was extremely slow, especially considering the restaurant wasn't busy. We were not in a rush so didn't mind the extra time to catch up.I don't usually write reviews, but like to use them before making a decisions.  So when  my coworker recommended goat hollow, right in Mt. Airy. I thought it sounds nice, I gave it a try. The waiter was very attentive, even though she was busy. I tried the jambalaya........it was great!The poutine and eggs on the brunch menu is hands down one of the BEST dishes I've ever had! Great service, great atmosphere just an all around great place!Like other reviewers, I was also hoping for a great experience at Mount Airy restaurant. And while I'm willing to cut them some slack for bumps during their opening period, I won't be back until I hear things have significantly improved.
We arrived at 8pm on Saturday night and not surprisingly there was a wait. We decided to hang at the bar. The wine softened the wait time, but at about 45-minutes we started to notice many empty tables and my dining partner checked in with the host. "People are filtering out, so it shouldn't be too long" was the polite response.
The empty tables might be a sign of lack of waitstaff or new-restaurant-disorganization. Either way, something to work on.
Finally seated upstairs - more empty tables and chilly! - we were excited by the menu choices. We decided to try the boar terrine and as another reviewer said, it was tasteless, rock-hard in a glass jar and surrounded by greasy bacon. Our server asked how it was and she looked concerned when we said "not great." She said something about it being cold from the fridge, but didn't offer anything else. In hindsight I should have sent it back, but I didn't want to bum out my dining companion. 
I ordered mussels, which were fine. Hard to wreck mussels, but the food took a while to arrive - helpful server kept reassuring us it was coming - and the frites were slightly warm. Probably from sitting around in the kitchen. We didn't dare try dessert. The bill was $50 for two with one glass of wine each, so this place is no bargain. I do want them to succeed and applaud neighborhood places - especially this one that's been closed for so long - but I can't recommend Goat Hollow at this point. 
Hope to read better reviews in future and head back.Had brunch with some friends there this morning. First of all. Our waiter was Matt. Matt and the rest of the staff were fun and made our experience beyond awesome. Good service really stands out for me. Our food was amazing! I got the Huevos Rancheros. I will surely order that again. Coffee and drink refills were constantly offered without being pushy. Best brunch spot around!Heard great things about this place but took my wife there for dinner last night and was disappointed. Shared a hummus platter for an app and the hummus was bland and pickled vegetables consisted of plain carrots and celery. Pita bread was cold. Halfway through app, dinner was served. This was consistent at all tables around us and all patrons were shocked. Drink service was slow and old glasses just left on table with us. Place is cute and jambalaya dinner was excellent but overall would not return again. Perhaps the place was having a bad evening but it isn't worth a repeat try.I was elated to see this neighborhood bistro open so close to my home.  I've stopped in several times and I'm sorry to say my satisfaction ratio is below 50%. 
The beer selection is very good, the wine fair and their offerings of specialty cocktails should be served in hollow fruit with little umbrellas or plastic swords.
The food quality is hit or miss. There are some delightful items but even those lose their favor when they are not served hot. Getting food to the table properly cooked and still hot is far too frequent a problem. Their burgers are delicious but the kitchen staff doesn't know the difference between medium rare and medium raw and I wish they could find a bun that was more interesting than Wonder bread.
I've also experienced lukewarm mussels, a room temp brisket and under cooked chicken. The menus deliberately mention the "hand cut" fries (or frittes). I suppose somewhere, sometime a human hand pushed a button or pulled a lever. But if you are yearning for something more majestic than those sticks from the fast food drive thru, you will be sadly disappointed.
They came here with such an impressive pedigree,  I hope they figure out what they want to be and iron out the wrinkles before the building is boarded up for another 4 years. 
 .The Best Jambalaya ever! Great spot and totally chill vibe. Hats off to Andy and his crew!Love Goat Hollow! Great atmosphere and food. The building is urban chic. They renovated an old building in a great neighborhood. The burgers are the best, but they have healthy options too.This was my first time coming to the "new" Goat Hollow, and a good time was had by all.  Service was good, food was good, kids were happy, wheelchair accessible.   Will come again!Service was good, but Goat Hollow was disappointing in every other way. The food was just okay, and the bloody mary bar was nothing more than a choice between bloody mary mixes, and glasses filled with plain old green olives, cocktail onions, and slices of lemon and lime. We didn't even get a choice of alcohol. I wouldn't go out of my way to get there again.Appalling food!
We recently visited Goat Hollow to celebrate a friends birthday. The restaurant has a fantastic ambience with a lot of thought put in to the decor. We ordered appetizers and dinner, and we're pleasantly surprised how quickly everything came out.  
Note: this is where the pleasantries stopped!
The mussel were incredibly oily with a thick layer of oil coating everything. We excitedly waited for dinner to soak the oil film out of our mouths. Dinner was even a bigger letdown. My brisket was served over-cooked with a think chewy layer of gravy. The brisket had a thick vein of FAT running though it. Yes, I realize that brisket should be cooked with the fat on, but the fat should be removed for serving not hid under a veil of gravy. Poor poor poor!
My wife ordered the fish tacos and was presented with an attractive plate. The tacos were not edible.   The fish was dried out and flavorless. I sampled it and it honestly tasted old. She ate half of one taco and went home hungry. 
The "best" surprise was when my friend ordered the poutine. Upon delivering his meal, the waiter exclaimed that they were out of fries(the main ingredient in real poutine) and the "chef" substituted tater tots like we were in some school cafeteria. 
My wife and I live/work in Canada for part of the year and can honestly say French Canadians were laughing their way to the rink!
My wife and I teach at a local private school in Germantown and we're curious as to reputation of Goat Hollow so we asked some friends. They all said they had had similar experiences. 
If you go to Goat Hollow be forewarned.4 Star food but 1 star service. We had a reservation and still had to wait probably 45 minutes for our food despite having a reservation and many empty tables around us. Server didn't even bother to refill our waters until we were halfway through the meal even though we clearly finished the water containers she originally brought to the table 15 min after sitting down because we had a large group. She was very friendly, just very lazy. Perhaps they had a large breakfast rush and she was just tired because it's the weekend but still not an excuse for how bad the service was and how slow the kitchen was despite there only being 2 or 3 smaller groups in the restaurant while we were there. I finished most of my sandwich and moved the meat to the side of my plates in hopes of getting a box. Instead of asking whether or not I was finished with my plate she took it literally when my head was turned because we were mid-conversation. She wasted a perfectly good piece of chicken, pickled pork belly, and fries which just bothers me because I feel like this restaurant is trying to make themselves appear "sustainable." While, sustain this, HIRE BETTER WAIT STAFFThe Good: nice atmosphere, good beer list, good burger
The Bad: service with an attitude, undercooked chicken
A thin pice of chicken, undercooked....really. It was still pink inside. All the other food came. After about 20 minutes to half hour I had to ask the manager for the sandwich. We were all done our food. The waitress finally showed (we didn't see her while we were eating) with the sandwich and said "here's your sandwich...it's cooked now." Didn't even get a sorry for the delay.
You can get a good burger anywhere.I had high expectations for Goat Hollow. Too bad they were not met by this restaurant whose only pro is their decent looking decor. Otherwise Goat Hollow was a terrible dining experience. Firstly the service was terrible. Our waitress could care less that she had customers and could barely keep our water glasses filled let alone bring the correct orders to the table. Secondly, I have never had such bad food in my life. I ordered the french onion soup which I never ended up getting because the waitress delivered a chilled carrot soup instead which was grainy and unpleasant to eat. After that I just had a Caesar salad, which I never knew was so hard to make seeing as they used enough dressing to drown Shamu, and barely bothered to mix the salad. My boyfriend had an even worse experience with his meal. He ordered the famed poutine which he was looking forward to eating since he had little luck finding decent replicates of those he has eaten abroad. Sadly, it was not his lucky day considering he said it was possibly the worst thing he has ever eaten. The fries were room temperature and soggy, and riddled with an unsavory sauce. To this day he cannot eat paprika without feeling sick. The only reason I might return to Goat Hollow is because few other places are open at 2 am to serve me overpriced crappy food.This review is just on bar experience. I came here with a friend and we sat at the bar for a few drinks. The bartender was great, very friendly. The drink selection on beers was really good. I love the atmosphere here, it's relaxed and has a great laid back appeal. I just moved to the area and I'm glad I came across this place. I can see this being a great local hang out spot. My next visit I will come for dinner and write and review on the food.After reading all the negative reviews about the slow service and bad food I was hesitant about trying this place. Fortunately this time YELP was wrong.   
We went on a Thursday night and there wasn't any parking on the street so we parked in the CVS lot.
As you enter the front door there is a small waiting area with a hostess stand and stairs to the upper dining area.  We had reservations for 8pm and we chose to sit at the bar.  As you walk in the bar lines the right side wall and there is a wood burning fireplace in the center of the dining area.  Several tables with bright red chairs are scattered throughout the interior.  They have draperies hung so it seems they can close off some of the dining area if needed.  The bar has about 22 taps two of them are hand pumped.  The draft list is written on the wall to the right of the bar.  They had a very good selection to choose from.  I had a Edmund Fitzgerald and a Dog Fish Festina.
I wanted to try their dipping sauce for the fires so I got the Emlen Burger ( bacon / chedder) and my girlfriend had the Chicken Salad Croissant Sandwich.  Our food came over quickly.  The burger was juicy and cooked medium rare as I requested.  The bun was fresh and doughy.  The burgers are gluten free.  I had a bite of my girlfriends Croissant and it was also very well put together.   The chicken was chopped and not diced and they added the perfect amount of mayo.  
The only reason I gave Goat Hollow 3 stars vs 4 is because the bartender wasn't that great.   I waited a good amount of time before he asked me if I wanted another beer.  It seemed he was more concerned with cleaning glasses and saying  hello to everyone walking in.  The other thing I didn't like was the bar stools.  They were metal with no cushion and I thought they were very uncomfortable.
The total for our meal was $39.  I thought this was a good valve for what we had and I will come back again.Ok..not happy to write this review, but it must be done.  I used to frequent this establishment in the past & enjoyed the neighborhood, energy, drinks & food.  I was sad when they closed the doors.  
When I heard Goat Hollow was back, it brought a smile to my face.  Me & my buddies said..let's make plans to go & we finally made time to check it out.   We decided to try Brunch on a Sunday.   First it was dead & freezing in the dining area.  The service was adequate since the place only had 1 other table being served.   
We ordered drinks (Mimosa & Apple Sidecar).  The simple mimosa tasted 'stale'..how can you mess up champagne & OJ?  We thought..maybe it was cheap champagne or old OJ.  The apple sidecar was too strong with no flavor.  So, ok..let's move to the food.  Waffles, Sausage, Pancakes & Bacon.  The waffles & pancakes were lukewarm like they had been 'reheated'.  
The experience here was sadly disappointing.   I think I may give them another try for after work drinks..hoping they have specials??
Get it together Goat Hollow..so many people are pulling for you.As a Mt Airy resident, I have been to this new establishment 3 times.  2 out of the 3 times, the service was stellar.  The food also came out in a timely fashion and very tasty as well.  The last time, the food came out really slow and our server checked on us after most of the meal was devoured. Our drinks also took forever to get to our table. However, the food was always good and we didn't even mind the wait last time as we were with good company.
The veal cheeks appetizer is SO good!  The mussels were also very good.  I loved the burgers (the foie gras burger was great)- however my burger was over done, and my friend's burger was underdone, but still moist and delicious.  The wild boar terrine was great and the pork belly dumplings are some the best I've ever had.  I also am in love with Monk's fries and the ones here were pretty close.   They also make their desserts in house. Their bread pudding was ginormous!
As for drinks. their original menu has some awesome drinks but they recently changed some things (looks like they removed the names of the liquors they used) which made me sad.   They did add a house sangria which was super duper tasty.
Just a note, we made reservations for 8:30 pm on a Saturday.  We arrived at 8am and our table was reserved and ready for us, however we weren't sat until we asked the hostess if that was our table.  So if you're there early, there's a chance your table is ready!  
Yes, there are some kinks the place needs to work out, but I believe they're a great neighborhood addition.My fish tacos were solid - fish was not offensive but undistinguished. tried a few veggie dumplings that were OK as well. ambience is nice.