Surprisingly good Americanized chinese food.  The prices are very reasonable too.  Delivery is quick and they accept credit cards (over $10).  I recommend getting the chicken mei fun.  They cook it really well and the portions are huge!Basic. Lots good sauce on the boneless spare ribs. Egg roll sucked - cold and soggy. Beer and broc was classic version and generally tasty. Large portions. Place smelled like 10 year old frying oil.I've only gotten delivery, so I can't attest to the ambiance or service of the restaurant, but I've definitely found my go-to Chinese delivery place in Philadelphia. You know what you're getting when you order from here, but it's great for what it is--low-cost, unhealthy Chinese-American food.
I ordered on Grubhub and despite being told it would take an hour for delivery, my order was here in 20 minutes! Everything was very fresh and the lo mein was done perfectly to our specifications. The sweet and sour chicken was pretty good, one or two pieces were a little hard but overall the dish was fine. I enjoyed the wonton soup; the broth was a little thin but the wontons were delicious. Only problem is they don't give fortune cookies!I placed an order on Grubhub that they delivered an hour earlier than they were scheduled to, which was awesome, because I was hangry. I work in an academic building that most deliveries just wait outside and call you, but for some reason my phone never rang and the courier came in and found my office (!)  That's such good service. 
Plus there's a couple Chinese restaurants around campus, and I think this one gets overlooked since it's over the bridge, but it's so close and I think wayyyy better than the other Chinese carryout I've had.
I'm a big fan of their fried dumplings, but I've tried various items (Beef & Broccoli, General Tso) and they were all up to par. 
Thanks again for hunting down my cubical, if you're reading this Mr. Delivery Man!!!!!best chinese food outside of china town (maybe even if you included it).  they don't use a lot of oil in their food at all.  i like the chicken and vegetables and sesame chicken.  one problem is that they don't have brown rice (welcome to philadelphia).This place is great. I live in the Graduate Hospital area, and the neighborhood Chinese places are definitely sub-par. I called this place up after I saw it on yelp, and they told me they couldn't deliver here, so I rode my bike over to get it myself. When I got there, they asked me where I lived, apologized that they couldn't deliver to my block b/c it's too close to Washington and their guys are afraid of going there, and that next time I call I should ask for one of the guys and he'll drive it over in his car.
Also, the food was great for regular Chinese take-out. I had the sweet and sour chicken and my friend had the general tsao's tofu, and both tasted fresh with just the right amount of flavor, and little to no grease, which I'm used to expecting. Plus, little to no MSG hurray! great food, great staff, definitely a choice, friendly, tasty neighborhood Chinese place.Well, I acknowledge anytime placing a delivery order that a minimum  wait time is anywhere from 45 minutes to an hour , and sometimes even more . Most times it's worth it , but tonight not so much. Placed an order for chicken lo mein and an order of orange chicken . What was delivered was barely deep fried fat . Unfortunately , it was inedible . Like not lower end Chinese  cuisine  that's deep fried and tastes good drunk . This was not close . Quite a hungry individual , and I  just had to dispose of it . Also felt compelled to let other people know that unless there is no other option presenting itself to avoid this establishment . Only reason I give it 2 stars , is because of the rice . For steamed rice , it was pretty good . It had an ususual amount of flavor for rice , or perhaps I was still too hungry that I just ate the entire container .No bueno. Delivered the wrong thing, (shrimp instead of veg lo mein) I'm a veg so I wouldn't eat it. Noodle things were stale, hot n sour soup tasted like dirty water. Not spicy at all. Heard the duck and the eggroll were decent from fellow diner.
never againWhat an amazing place to go for really healthy Chinese take-out!  I just discovered their special diet menu and will definitely be back - they offer 12 different dishes all served "without: salt, sugar, corn starch, M.S.G. only prepared with scallion, garlic, ginger and wine. All dishes served steamed."  This place is a tiny hole in the wall that is mostly a take-out counter - there's a small eating area if you need it but it's pretty basic.  We had passed by it for over a year before wandering in, expecting your average greasy chinese take-out, and were taken completely by surprise when we discovered how great the food was.  We tried the Steamed Tofu with Black Mushrooms and Steamed Shrimp with Mixed Vegetables.  When we got home we found that the dishes are provided in two small trays containing perfectly steamed veggies, tofu and shrimp (no grease at all!) and two separate containers for the light white wine-based sauce.  You pour on as much of the sauce as you like, and since the dishes on this menu have the same sauce you can easily mix them together to form one really exceptional dish.  The sauce is perfectly balanced, light and fresh tasting, with just the right blend of cooked wine, scallions and ginger flavors - just the right sauce for the dishes we ordered.  There's NO grease whatsoever - it's delicious and guilt-free.  You honestly can't make it any healthier at home.Food is always excellent and delivery early I'll keep ordering! General Yao's perfect, shrimp and egg rolls too and so is the crab RangoonIf I I could give this place no stars, I would.   Service chaotic and terrible.  I ordered egg drop soup.  How hard is that?  After 20 minutes I still was standing at the counter while people screamed at each other in the kitchen.  I finally walked out after I watched the chef use his ungloved hands to cross contaminate vegetables and uncooked meat.  It may be cheap but I certainly won't go back.We were staying nearby and passed  this nondescript  place on Market St.  Got take out--very good Happy Family entree; fair, very small steamed dumplings.  Staff were pleasant but atmosphere would not encourage me to have a dine in meal. Bill was about $20.Coming from South Jersey and moving to Center City, I've been looking for a Chinese food spot to fill that gap in my life without being way more expensive than I was used to. 
Golden Lake did the trick. 
Nothing special here - this is your typical Chinese takeout spot, and it's awesome. I've tried a wide variety of dishes:
- Egg Foo Young
- Cheesesteak Rolls
- Chicken Wings
- Sweet & Sour
- Chicken & Broccoli 
- Etc.
Food tastes amazing, lunch specials are great and price is right where it should be. And being a short walk from my apartment (and right across the street from Trader Joe's) is just icing on the cake. 
Bonus points for being on Grubhub and Eat24.Got some delivery from here and had a good night!
Crab rangoons are especially perfect and delicious here. Highly recommend a small fried wonton of cream cheesy, crabby goodness. Always a go to. 
Also got the Szechuan chicken and black bean chicken. They were essentially the same veggies (carrots, broccoli, celery, mushrooms, onions, peppers, bamboo shoots...yea, it was awesome) but they sauces were different. Was a bigger fan of the Szechuan chicken because it wasn't as salty and had a touch of spice. 
Substituted lo mien for rice and it was good, but let it soak in the sauce. Mmmmm. They're smart, keep lo me in flavors minimum so you can flavor it with your own sauce. 
Giving it five stars cause they delivered my food on a bike in sixteen degree weather and I was about two miles away. So yea, service was excellent. It does take about 30 mins to an hr though. But worth it.Order from them a couple of times, but never again.  Always something wrong with delivery.  Either really late or cancel orders on you when they are busy after telling you that the food is on its way.  Just not worth it.Good place to order Chinese food from. They do delivery for orders over $30 and the food is fairly good. The restaurant is clean and tidy and the staff is courteous .I'll start by saying that their food is great and delivery is quick. I've always gotten my food delivered until now. I decided to take the walk and pick up my food. I saw a few things that disturbed me. They have a kid no older than 8 taking phone orders. That explained some of the difficulty I had ordering food in the past. Then I notice two other young girls no older than 11 that are working in the back. At this point I was skeptical but I can understand having a family business...even though they may be breaking some laws. It wasn't that bad until one of the girls did something wrong and the father just flips out on her right there in front of customers. I can understand the business and I can almost get having the kids work, but I don't want to go to a restaurant and leave feeling like I should be reporting you to CPS. After all that my general tso's shrimp was pretty good so they can get 3 stars, but please stop with the child labor.Awful food. Avoid this place if you can. General Tso's was cold, as was the sauce and the lo mein was in one big block. Had to exert serious force just to get some strands of noodle out. Delivery driver was rude. Nice free delivery, but there's so many better options for chinese food. Forget this place.If there was 0 stars, that is what I would leave Golden Lake. I ordered food from them via GrubHub, being a frequent patron of their establishment. While eating my chicken and broccoli , mid-bite, i was shocked to be chewing down on a chicken bone. I immediately spit it out, after almost choking. I called to report the situation to GrubHub support, and they reached out to Golden Lake. When GrubHub support got back to me they said that Golden Lake would only refund 10% of my order, so obviously I called decided to call Golden Lake directly. I explained to the situation to a woman from Golden Lake, and how I felt 10% was definitely not sufficient, and that I should be refunded AT LEAST for my $9 order. She refused, explaining that if I wanted a refund, I should have called them so I could give them my half eaten Chicken and Broccoli, and have them give me a new one. RIDICULOUS! To add insult to injury, the woman on the phone had no empathy for the situation HER RESTAURANT put me in, when I was being perfectly cordial and rational, so RUDE! Nice to know Golden Lake thinks me almost choking and dying is worth 10%.This is my go-to spot when I want Chinese. Their General Tso tastes exactly like this high end Chinese Restaurant I used to go to near my parents' house. It's always crunchy and the sauce doesn't compare to other Chinese restaurants. Awesome lunch specials, good cheap food. I always pick up my food so I can't attest to their delivery services, but the food is always hot when I pick it up.Your typical Chinese food take out place. Their tofu dishes are tasty though! Especially Orange tofu and General Tso's tofu! They don't have the fastest delivery times, but it's generally okay!I'm not sure why this place gets such consistent good reviews.  I stopped in and ordered pork lo mein, pork fried rice, and wonton soup.  While I waited for the food to arrive, I saw a critter run along the baseboard in the dining room (my grandfather used to call them "field mice").  Yes, I brought the food back to the office anyway.  The wonton soup was not even warm (keep in mind, I waited while this was being prepared), the wontons themselves were thicker than most pasta and flavorless, the "fried" rice was just colored yellow rice warmed in the pan that was sort of gluey, and the lo mein was just not anything to write home about.  I ended up throwing it all out and got a salad someplace else instead.  Seriously, folks?Ok, yes, you have to walk by an adult movie store to get to this place...but its worth it. The food is cheap and comes hot and in big portions. Their Wonton Soup is DELICIOUS and perfect every time. Great place for quick, cheap and delicious Chinese food!Ok but the menu needs to be updated they charge 50 cents more for soda and arizona can teas which are listed at 99 cents are being priced at 1.35 due to the philadelphia soda tax.Typical Chinese, nothing to rave about but you get a lot of food for not much money which I'm a fan of.This is the shadiest looking place in town with the best tasting wontons in the world. You're bound to see weird things in here and that makes it even more of an adventure: a moped parked in the dining area, a 7 year old ringing you up at the register, a Christmas tree that stays up through February. After marveling at these oddities, you can stroll out of there with a huge bag of delicious Chinese food for CHEAP! Pro tip: way better value to order the quart instead of the pint of everything. And if you order more than $20 you get free egg rolls. Free fried noodles come with everything. Go for the chicken and broccoli, spring rolls, wonton soup, and beef lo mein. Free moped parking inside.Pretty awful.
I have tried it twice - once back in abour 2008 when I worked nearby and got overly doughy steamed dumplings for takeout (filled with a greasy mystery meat).  YUCK.
Aside from the grotty digs and crappy location - next to the XXX rated theatre, I ventured in again.  And I will never do this again.
I played it "safe" with chicken and brocolli.
I have had better food from a cart.
Never again!Cheap, Fast delivery. Arrives hot. Try the vegetable lo mein! I appreciated the unexpected free coca-cola. Nommmmm.I live by Golden Lake and they've quickly become my go-to take-out joint for lunches and dinners.  I am very surprised by the quality and quantity of food that they give.  The food here is not authentic Chinese food (shocker!), but everything I've tried has tasted great so far.  I would be comfortable recommending this place to my Asian friends who live in the area (I am Asian too).  Also, their portion sizes are very generous for their price.  If you order a meat dish, expect to get your money's worth (exception: their Mongolian beef portions are too small!).  This is not a place that tries to skimp out on the meat (their shrimp are huge!).  Overall this is a very solid neighbourhood restaurant.  My one complaint is that they don't have brown rice.  Still, I would give it 4.5 stars if I could.  Give this place a try if you live in the area.Pros: 
1. it's close to home & they deliver!
2. their food tastes fresh & it's not greesy!!!
3. the portions are pretty good & they have good deals.
4. delivery's pretty fast
Cons:
1. make sure everything you ordered is in the bag when you pick up or get it delivered!!! they've cheated me out of soup before! 
2. they have tables in their place but its so creepy and sketchy, i dont understand why they even have them there...
If it's late... I'd get delivery or go with someone. that whole being next to a strip club and bar can have interesting characters hanging outside..I have ordered delivery from here several times now and it always arrives piping hot and delicious.  I've had the sesame chicken, which I love, the wonton soup, eggrolls, and the pepper steak.  I wasn't too keen on the pepper steak, but maybe that's because the sesame chicken ROCKS!  I order at least once a month.  
Also, for certain amounts spent they will throw in a freebie like a soda, eggroll, or wonton soup.  I think I'm going to start requesting my free item however, because they always just give me the soda when I want my darn free eggroll or soup!  
Generous portions too!Maybe I ordered the wrong things (steamed dumplings and crab rangoons) but this was the nastiest chinese food I've ever had.   I should have gone with a place with a higher minimum order and saved some for lunch.Ordered for delivery and most of the food was fine. Vegetable fried rice had interesting veggies, it wasn't just frozen peas and carrots. Other than that nothing really stood out - egg roll, wonton soup, hot and sour soup, boneless spare rib appetizer, and lo mein were all fine. We didn't care for the shrimp toast. Service was polite and on time. Will likely order again and try some different dishes.Food was disgusting, at best. The "pork fried rice" had no pork or vegetables in it - just yellow rice. The general tsos chicken was burnt breading with little to no meat very lightly covered in a tasteless sauce. The inedible meal was followed by a fortune cookie so stale it could not be chewed. Will never order from this establishment again. Waste of money.Typical fast food Chinese take out place. Probably bad for you but tasty.I've eaten here 3 times, and at first was impressed with the portions and super fast delivery. However, the more I eat here, the more I realize that the chicken in their dishes is really questionable. The chicken is not tender, some pieces are brownish and stringy looking. Tastes like old scraps of chicken. 
Their hot and sour soup is pretty tasty, the vegetable lo mein is decent.Surprisingly, this is either the best or second best take out Chinese I have had in Center City.  The location is not it's greatest asset.  (It is next to a porno theater and a strip club.)  But the food is so good!  Great flavor and quality.  I used to like City Garden best but I think they have gone down hill.  Now I pretty much do either Golden Lake or Szechuan Hunan.  (Maybe I order too much Chinese take out?  A question for another day.)The menu found its way into my apartment when I asked my landlord if he knew of any good Chinese food places that would deliver. I now hand out the menus to everyone who complains about their Chinese delivery experience.
This is all I want from Chinese food delivery. It isn't too expensive (but not dirt cheap which I think is good because, as we all know, that is a suspicious quality). The person who answers the phone speaks English. It has all the classic menu items. They deliver very quickly. The delivery is free (with a min of $8). It is not greasy and does not cheap out on the veggies! 
Speaking of the veggies, hooray! They give you a whole variety of them and they are obviously not from a can. Look at the mushrooms. That is how you can tell. I am a huge fan of their Hot & Sour soup. They put fresh chopped green onions on top, lots of egg and bamboo shoots in and the broth is thick and incredibly flavorful. I could eat it every day. I also recommend the Hunan chicken. Finally, if you order more than $10, you get a free soda (or egg roll but those are greasy for me, as they are supposed to be)! 
So, in conclusion, although this is no gourmet restaurant, it is a so-far flawless instance of a Chinese food delivery joint. I am a repeat customer full of compliments and yummy food.On my way home from class one night, I was jonesing for some Chinese takeout, and my regular spot had just closed. 
Despite its proximity to The Forum and general atmosphere of dirtiness, I gave Golden Lake a shot. I ordered pork fried rice, which suffered from onion overload: onions made up about a third of it, and they were all I could taste.
I'm surprised at all the good reviews, so maybe I'll try again sometime, but based on the fried rice fail, I feel there are much better Chinese places in the area.May have been one of the worst Chinese food places I have ever eaten at, and they are usually pretty standard. Watered down sauce, flavorless food and expensive for what it is. Get your Chinese food somewhere else.The food wasn't bad, it just came cold. Nothing the trusty microwave can't fix. The problem, I think, is that I ordered delivery and the person who delivers rides a scooter so the food basically gets cold on the way over. I don't know if he's the only delivery guy or if they always deliver by scooter, but my advice would be to make sure you're not too far away if you do order for delivery... Which sorta defeats the purpose of delivery.The food is horrendous. I wish I could give them zero stars. I ordered delivery for general tso's chicken and lo mein. The sauce was incredibly sweet and not at all spicy and the chicken had entirely too much breading. The lo mein was plain, just noodles. The delivery service took an hour longer than it was supposed to, it was over two hours until I actually got my food. I am speechless because I have never had American Chinese this bad.Just no...
The food at this place is average I guess. Everything else is bad. 
They've NEVER delivered on time and if you bother to pick up the restaurant you'll find it to be absolutely filthy. I can't actually believe they are allowed to operate. 
You'll also be treated to employees screaming at one another while you wait for your food. 
Would not recommend, WOULD suggest the city health inspector check this place out.Food was ok, bland but edible I guess. What really made me give this place 1 star was the fact that 2 of the women workers were arguing so loud the whole time as I waited for my food. It ended up with one of them throwing water at the other which frightened and shocked me. The person who was targeted with the water quickly and awkwardly told me by food was ready and left the bag on the counter. I got out of there as fast as I could.Food sucks! I come from Guam, where half the time people cook and eat Chinese/Asian cuisine. Ordered a chicken Chow Mein without seeing a picture of it, I got loads of onion and ginger with very little chicken. And to think they will charge you extra for more meat which should already be a given since the price was well over $10 for one dish. I looked up pictures of Chow Mein just to self-confirm that this "Chow Mein" was indeed not Chow Mein. It's honestly a sad excuse for Asian food and should not be served. Not only do I NOT RECOMMEND this place but I will take it upon myself to warn others of the miserable mistake I have made. Total waste of money.Context:
Dined in for lunch
What I got:
Pork Fried Rice (3.5/10)
This was a bad fried rice - not quite American or Chinese style, which was confusing.  It effectively tasted like white rice with a bit of additional saltiness - which isn't exactly a bad thing, but certainly not what I wanted or expected.  I'm also quite positive that I ordered the pork fried rice, but there was no meat in sight and instead just a few slices of onion with no other vegetables or other toppings.  Don't get me wrong - this was perfectly edible, but not at all pork fried rice.
General Tso's Chicken (6/10)
This was another instance of my dish tasting almost nothing like what I expected.  Unlike the fried rice, however, the end result was actually relatively decent - tasting a lot like a traditional Shanghainese dish that my family often makes (which is absolutely not General Tso's Chicken).  It was sweet and tangy in an unbalanced, though still flavorful way.  My one big gripe here is with the texture of the chicken - much too chewy with the skin not being nearly crispy enough.  If I had actually intended to eat this, I likely would've bumped this up to a 6.5.
Hot & Sour Soup (7/10)
Not going to lie - this was pretty good and by far the best part of my meal.   I've had quite a few of these in my life and this was definitely better than average.  The flavor was balanced and wasn't overpowered by the sourness that a lot of hot & sour soups suffer from.  There was also a large helping of bamboo, which is always a plus in my book.  I will likely come back here just to have the soup again.
Final Comment:
While not the best American-Chinese food I've had, it was definitely passable.  I want to note that I waited quite a bit of time to get my food and the lunch rush was more intense than I expected.  I will likely come back here if just to have the soup again.Y'all it's 10:00 am Saturday and I'm still chewing on the crust from the wontons I ordered last night. Firstly, walking into the establishment you are met with a trashcan that has definitely seen better days. It's caked with years of waste and grime. The first sign I should've backed out slowly. As I pan across the room I see the delivery mode of transportation right in the dining space...like yes, I'll have fumes with my wonton soup. Secondly, the dining area also doubles as the family room for the restaurant. The driver uses the front table (as you can see from the pic) as a chill spot while he waits on orders. Directly across (out of view) the kids use this area for homework and games. The sense of family is the only reason for the star. Lastly, I ordered the wontons and fried dumplings with chicken filling. The wonton crust was so old tasting I could only eat the filling heavily dipped in the sauce provided because the crust was like chewing a rubber band. The chicken in the dumplings tasted like they were boiled in water only. The outside was barely fried and tasted more like dough. To say the least I was not pleased. I can find more flavorful dumplings in neighborhood Chinese food stores.I've tried a handful of Chinese takeouts and food trucks around the City during lunch, and Golden Lake is my favorite. You can't beat that lunch price for the huge amount of food that you get. As a connoisseur of hole-in-the-wall Chinese take out, I rank the Sesame Chicken here highly. It is crispy and has the perfect amount of sweetness. My second favorite dish here is the chicken with garlic sauce. Every place makes it a little different, but it is the right blend of spicy/sweet and the vegetables include zucchini, celery, snow peas, broccoli, corn, and carrots. Avoid the lunch time rush by coming a bit early/late because it does get crowded/busy and there are only 2-3 people working  I always get white rice instead of fried rice, and I always pick up instead of delivery.If you only care about food that taste like a typical Chinese this is a place for you. If you care about how a place looks inside don't even bother and avoid it at all costs. A family run Chinese takeout with fresh food and decent prices for downtown area. Their hot and sour soup is pretty good.I don't understand all of the negative reviews. This is my go-to Chinese spot right now. Very large portions for a small price and the food is really good in my opinion. I usually go for the General Tsos and it comes with free pork fried rice, soup and a side (eggroll). I often eat half for lunch and bring the other half home for dinner. It's a very solid meal and I tend to come here once every week or two. It's not some very high-scale spot but the people are friendly and the food is pretty good!The food was TRASH. The General Tso's chicken was soggy and way too spicy to consume. The Crab Rangoon was super chewy - either way undercooked or stale. Regardless, do NOT order from here. Instead, A Mandarin is much better. I would have ordered from them, but they are closed on Monday's. Unfortunately, I chose Golden Lake instead. I contacted them for a refund was more or less inedible, they refused. Horrible customer service I will never be back to Golden Lake.