I just tried two of their hoagies - they are really great for the price. So far I've had the Cheesesteak Hoagie and Turkey and Cheese - liked them both.  I can't say anything about their Pizza - maybe I should try it someday since it is the name of the restaurant.Stopped in for a burger and a slice of pizza.  The burger was clearly store-bought and preformed.  The pizza was doughy with a sauce that had nothing of interest in it.Get the falafel sandwich. $5 and delicious. I would go down the street to Slices if you're looking for pizza.Cold cheesesteak,little meat, late delivery, and did not make the order as requested. Disappointed.I visited this place for a take-out order. The environment was clean and there was sufficient indoor and outdoor seating. The employees were polite and efficient. I continue to recommend this place!I've never had a problem with the pizza I've gotten from here. I mean, is it some award winning, Zagat rated pizza?? Hellz no. But is it good enough to satisfy your pizza craving on a Saturday night in front of a good movie or basketball game when you're damn sure not cooking?? Hellz yes. I usually get the sausage and maybe a nice slice of red velvet cheesecake for dessert....yumm..Best place for your local pizza shop favorites! Made to order, fast delivery, friendly service! Who wouldn't want to get Sunday night football wings and pizza from this fabulous establishment?!Love this place! Sure, you can get pizza, but their Mediterranean is superb! Definitely among the best in Philadelphia.The food is good here. I'm a vegetarian so I've had pizza and falafel and both are foods I come to enjoy often. The cookies are too good. And addicting. 
The owner is so nice and very accommodating. Don't be put off by the not so nice young cashier.Ok food. Horrible customer service! Delivered half my order cold. And couldn't seem to find the rest of my order when I contacted the establishment.  Delivery driver never brought me my change. Made a good tip for half of a cold order.Update:  Holy shit!  Okay, so I am updating this within an hour of writing my first review.  Why?  I just went back for DESSERT.  Oh yummy!  The pizza is your basic crap pizza, but the tiramisu is en par with tiramisu I have had in fine restaurants!  Delicious.
--
Even the owners of this place wouldn't give it 5 stars... but it's hard to imagine disliking it enough to give it just one. 
This place is exactly what it sets out to be... a cheap spot to grab a slice of pizza.  I'm eating a slice now and I won't be calling my mom about it, but I will be eating the whole thing.  
The only thing that pushes them into the solid 3 star category for me is the surprisingly diverse dessert menu.  The fridge is stocked with slices of red velvet cake, cheese cake, sweet potato pie, and a few more.  You can tell they partner with a local bakery for those, and that's pretty exciting.  In fact, I just polished off the pizza (yeah, I know, that was fast) and may walk back down for dessert.The service is awful! I ordered a pizza with green peppers, onions and olives. I was delivered a pizza with rainbow peppers and mushrooms. When I called to explain that the pizza was incorrect, I was told by an employee that she took the order and she was sure I ordered mushrooms. I explained that I due to an allergy, I did not in fact order mushrooms and an error made by Golden Crust should be corrected.  I'm still waiting on my pizza.I don't know why this place doesn't have more stars. I get delivery here a lot. I could live off the mediterranean platter. It's more than enough food, and it tastes healthy. 
I knocked them down a star, though, because last night I decided to try the steak and egg sandwich--it's supposed to come with green pepper and onions, but it didn't. Also, they charged me too much for it. Other than that, I really like this place.I would like to give 1.5 stars, but yelp doesn't offer it. So, the only great thing about Golden Crust is the actual crust, not the pizza. The sauce was way to herby- it was actually bitter. The cheese was lacking greatly, it was reminiscent of Ellios pizza- the kind that didn't really melt, only separated down and semi melted. The crust didn't hold up on the bottom and the size of a large was a bit smaller than most mediums.
A "salad" came with out parm platter. It was literally hogie lettuce shavings and a tomato slice in a container similar in size to what a Chinese restaurant would give for duck sauce. I am a lover of all things french fried, but these were soggy and lifeless. The mozz. sticks could have been ok, but the oil they were fried in must have been old- the breading was strong-it tasted like old fried fish.
I guess it started off on the wrong foot when our deliver driver took forever to calculate change. My boyfriend had to do mental math for him while he was using his fingers.  It wasn't the most horrific experience of my life but I don't care to repeat it. 
If your looking for a good pizza shop in the East Falls area, Frank's is your place to go.No bueno, ordered there a few months ago and I forgot to write a review then. The ONLY thing that came of our order ( pizza, mozz sticks, poppers,ect) was the actual pizza crust. Its also a shame the delivery guy couldn't do math....The hoagies are great for the price and they are  higher quality than Majors too. So for a little bit more money you can get a great sub. A women named Kioko waited on me and she was awesome. She takes her food seriously!! 
Also the seating is great, many options inside and out. 
As far as the pizza someone gave them a bad review for being what they are. You can't review them, that badly, based on not being a fan of that style. You can only give a genuine review if you like that style.  Olive oil pizza crust pizza sounds great to me!We received a flyer in the mail and, given that our normal sandwich delivery place recently narrowed their delivery zone, we gave it a shot. Huge disappointment. We ordered the chicken gyro platter and chicken gyro sandwich (they were out of lamb). I get that this is a pizza and wings place, but the gyros were truly terrible. The chicken was grilled tenderloins rather than kebab style, and it was on the pink side with very little flavor. They tasted like they'd been frozen and tossed on a panini maker to get grill marks. The tzatziki sauce was thick and mild. On the up side, they were giant. Just wish I'd have wanted to finish it...
The platter also came with some soggy fries, about a 1/4 cup of bad coleslaw, and a small side salad made of romaine lettuce. The salad was the best part of our meal. 
The delivery driver also didn't have a credit card reader - it would have been nice to know they were cash only when they took the delivery order?
Positives - the guy who took my order over the phone was nice, and the food arrived within the estimated delivery window.Pizza is great. However I ordered a pizza for pickup, they said 25 mins. 50 mins later, after waiting inside for 20 mins, that they lost the ticket. We got one of our 2 liters for free.My fiancée and I are hooked. We haven't been disappointed. Sandwiches, fries, calzone, you name it... All awesome! This place is my go to for ordering out.This shop is right around the corner from my favorite nail salon, Koco, so I come here for lunch or a snack sometimes. Today I had the Mediterranean salad. I've had it in the past and loved it. Today the dressing (it's like a lemon vinaigrette) was much too citrusy. The salad ingredients tasted fresh and crisp though and the grilled flatbread served with it was warm and delicious. The service is quite efficient. I only waited a few minutes for my salad--long enough to know it wasn't pre-made but short enough that I wasn't impatient.Went here with my boyfriend for a quick couple of slices. It was surprisingly good. They also had fresh lemonade for only a $1. So refreshing and delicious. The friendly staff and cozy atmosphere were great. On the way out we noticed a yummy looking variety of cookies on display. I can't wait to go back and try some!Customer service from the young girl is very rude and not friendly over the phone and in person, but the owner is nice and the food is average.I ordered online and they cancelled my order of baba ghanouj and never called to tell me!! They also did not include tahini sauce in my falafel sandwich. Worst customer service ever! Do not bother; there are better Mediterranean places.I've never had a bad experience here. Food is always delivered on time, staff is friendly enough. Price is fair and its local to where i live. Ive ordered everything from pizza to chicken fingers here, product is always good.Food was decent, delivery took a decent amount of time, but the delivery driver freaked out because he heard the dog bark inside. When I told him it was fine, he shrieked and said, "not okay! Afraid of dogs!" My recommendation is that if you hire delivery drivers to go to people's houses, hire drivers who are not afraid of what's waiting at the houses for them. I paid with a card, and because of the dog, he didn't even have me sign the receipt. He ran away after throwing the food into my hands.Maybe my expectations are high being that I'm not from philly and pizza around here just seems to be awful. This time, I decided to order a pepperoni calzone. Flat. Barely any cheese or pepperoni. A FLAT CALZONE? I have never had a flat calzone. Maybe that is the norm around here but that is not what I am used to and not what I expected. There was also no sauce on the side. I also ordered a black and white milkshake- I felt like I was drinking chocolate milk. It was way too thin. Awful.This is our regular pizza place.  Pretty crispy crust and fast delivery for the pizzas.  Nice and consistent. The Mediterranean food they offer at this location is pretty good, too!For Mediterranean food,just EXCELLENT. The best mulligatawny soup I've ever had. They brought complimentary hummus and pita. My Mediterranean salad was perfectly dressed and perfectly balanced, and so fresh.I have gotten delivery from here many times, but I have never visited. Therefore, I cannot comment on the atmosphere. However, the food is delicious and very well priced. I have gotten pizza, soups, and salads from here. I highly recommend the Mulligatawny Soup! They deliver through Grub Hub which makes it super easy. Their delivery times are reasonable, and the food is always hot.could've been five stars for me but after today's service I will NEVER order from golden crust again!!... Placed my order at 11:20am, received it at 12:00pm (No Problem), that explained why my fries were so soggy and oily, not to mention I ordered 10 piece boneless wings (only received 8), and instead of Blue Cheese they gave me Honey Mustard!... to top things off I called them to discuss my know my issues, (the guy had an attitude) I called back 30 mins later to see what the hold up was only to find out that my re-order it wasn't even processed. No apologies. I WAS a loyal customer until now..My neighbors ordered a pizza late one night and the Golden Crust driver shows up with his car radio blaring. He left the door to his car open the whole time he was making the delivery and it woke me and a few of the other neighbors up.
Maybe that would be acceptable to some small degree on a cold winter night but on a warm late summer night with the house windows open..no way. Grow up!Eh. I've made better pizza in my own oven. Boneless wings were good, but those are kinda hard to mess up. Can't speak for any other menu items. But the pizza is definitely a NO. Chewy crust and red sauce was nasty. Delivery was pretty quick, though. Wouldn't order from this place again.The best things here are the hot roast beef sandwich and the falafel sandwich. The falafel sandwich is such a good deal but be careful because they put olives in the sandwich but they still have the pits in them.. Kinda dangerous. Don't recommend the spinach dip, it's kind of a rip off for what it is. I've only gotten pick up.8/20/2011: For what it's worth, Golden Crust does it's best at being what it is, a local pizza spot for college/local people who need their quick fix of grease and so forth. You can t go wrong with their pizza, they have a variety of foods, but their wings are at times hit and miss. They have a friendly staff and won't yank you around.
11/6/2011: Their delivery guys are a bunch of knuckle dragging neaderthals though. They're mean and they want you to come out of your house and get your  food like you're some type of dog. They honk their car horn if you don't come out and announce to the whole of East Falls that you're ordering out. For this, I brought them down to a 3 star.
8/18/2013:
This place is on a slow and steady decline. I support local businesses, don't get me wrong, but jeez is this place sucking lately. They changed there pizza recipe, so now the the pie is too bready and there is hardly any cheese and marinera on the pie! The wings are disappointing. I don't know when is the next time I'm going to order from them.It's a solid place for what it is, nothing spectacular, but I've eaten there 3 times & will go back again & again for the falafel & tiramisu. My fiancée liked the lamb gyro a lot & would get it again. I'm looking forward to trying the pizza & other Greek food.This is probably my favorite pizza place in manayunk.  Not only did I live in Brooklyn, but I also don't post on yelp. So what does that tell ya.The food is good, but nothing fancy. My most recent visit they told me about a deal with large pizza and 20 wings for$19.99. They then asked me the type of pizza I wanted and I ordered pepperoni. When I got to the store to pick up my food I was told it would cost $24.00. I asked why this was the case and they told me the deal was just for the cheese pizza. They definitely should have indicated this to me when I was ordering. That's bad customer service and has left me with a bad taste in my mouth.OK, I've lived in this area for a few years, and have generally just passed this place by. I have to say, my instinct was right to have kept on truckin'. 
Yesterday, due to the rain and cold, I thought that wings from Golden crust would be a great way to brighten my mood. 
Forget it! Prices on the menu ARE NOT what you are charged... "Oh, we've changed the prices..." The place seems dingy, disorganized, and the kitchen area... well, not as clean as one would like.
Staffer was friendly- but the wings (fried then baked) were not what one would expect. It was just... ok. 
If you like Wings, this is not your GoTo spot.I had been buying pizza here for many years with no or very rare and minor quality issues. I am sad to report that the most recent two orders here were not so great. The last order last night prompted me to write this review and vow that my family will not be wasting money here again. We ordered a vegetarian pizza and were served an overcooked pizza with a bunch of items from the store's deli, no decent respectable vegetables. Also it was lacking cheese badly. Terrible experience. And we paid $20 for this one pizza. We will be making a change of preferred pizzeria. smh.They delivered reheated old pizza. Is that even sanitary. Agreed to give a refund but came back to pick up the pizza. They will probably just deliver this same pizza to someone else.The pizza here is edible (better than Slices), and not bad at all in a pinch,  but it's nothing to get excited about. Their hoagies aren't bad, the italian is on par with your average one in Philly. Some good deals to be had, service isn't bad. But if you are craving pizza, you will just be disappointed.This place has nasty pizza.  Tasted like it was under a warmer all day.  Avoid at all costs!All I wanted after a super long day's work was to be able to sit and relax and have food brought to me that was fresh and healthy (I had no food in the house and had no desire to go grocery shopping). So I searched and searched for a place that would deliver such a request... pizza, Chinese, Thai, and countless fried foods were all I found. Then I discovered that Golden Crust III had a Greek menu... perfect! I ordered the Mediterranean salad with grilled chicken and a side of hummus.  Holy moly, buried under all the drunk college food on the menu was this beautiful little Greek section and it was all so so good! EXACTLY what I was looking for! Chicken was grilled to perfection, the salad was a mix of greens and spinach, the veggies were all fresh and the hummus was so good I couldn't help but dive in before taking pics. The pita that came with it all was flavorful and chewy and unexpected! I have a new go-to for my lazy nights :)
CHECK OUT THE PICTURES, they speak for themselves.So yeah...this place. Tried it on GrubHub for the first time tonight - it is highly rated there. Ordered a baked ziti with sausage platter and decided to try a piece of toffee crunch cheesecake. My food arrived about 30 minutes later than the GH eta. The ziti platter was missing sausage, salad and garlic bread, and was cold. I called the driver who told me that what I got was all he was given and he was finished for the day. I called the restaurant and the person who answered swore up and down they had given the driver a paper bag with the salad and bread inside, but the cook must have overlooked the sausage. I was given a choice of delivery of the missing items or a credit - I opted for delivery - sausage and sides are key!! He said about 30 minutes. 40 minutes later I am still sitting here. I ate the ziti. It wasn't bad - not as generous a portion as other places but tasted fresh, with dollops of ricotta cheese I have rarely seen with pasta platters from similar places. The toffee crunch cheesecake was amazing - again, an even smaller portion for the money than the micro-slices these places usually sell, but higher quality.  I don't know that I would spend the money for their food again (for what I want from a pasta meal in a tin container 10:00 at night from a pizza joint, getting more food  for the money is fine with me). Add to that the botched delivery and no make-good, now nearly an hour later, this is my last order from here.
BREAKING NEWS: The missing items arrived roughly an hour later. Guess I'll be having sausage on garlic bread and a salad for lunch tomorrow...Good stuff! I've had their pizza, calzones, fries, veggie hoagies, falafel sandwich and salads all of which I've enjoyed.  Great quality for the price and staff is very friendly and capable.  Lots of menu options!Warning y'all - the crust is Greek. It's Greek pizza.
Buttery or oily crunchy crust. I wish I would have known! This review was written to let others know this very pertinent information.
I tried the pizza here -takeout- when I first moved to the area. Haven't been back, in fact, haven't ordered pizza in a while. I'll need to do more research before entering into a pizza contract in this area again.I just ordered from Golden Crust for the first time. I wouldn't say their pizza is the world's greatest but it is better than many of the reviews lead you to believe. It's better than the franchise type places and I'd recommend trying it at least once. 
The cheese was really good but the crust was a little buttery. It's not New York style but it's better than some other local places.I used to say, pizza is like sex - no matter how bad it is, its still pizza.
I would list this under the category of YES it did have sauce, cheese and crust - technically it was pizza.  I don't think this is the kind of place you want to go for slices.  Perhaps the whole fresh pies are better - but the slice I had could've been there for days.  I guess I expected something delicious, my mistake.  It filled the void - so I guess it did its job.If I could give no stars I would.
DO NOT ORDER FROM THIS PLACE.
Spent 23 dollars plus delivery tip. Ordered wings.  I SWEAR THERE WAS NO MEAT ON THEM. Got  3 heads of cartilage and 2 dried up dark bones. Spoke with the  rude owner and she berated me because I got them naked. Apparently when you have the sauce on them you can't see they r just skin and bones!  I do believe they coat and refry the bones left by others. Sge said they have 100 kinds of wings.....fabricated meat? Hamburger rolls OLD,  FALLING APART AND WRINKLED. On top of that, she would not refund my money!!! CLOSE THIS PLACE DOWN!!  NOW! !! WILL BE CALLING HEALTH DEPARTMENT.What is your pleasure? Because I can nearly guarantee you its on this extensive menu! It may be the only place in the world every member of my family of five can get something they love...so we eat here A LOT! In fact, I probably order a meal here no less than three times a week, and as many as 5+. 
Some of our favorites: if you love love love cheese you absolutely must try their unique spin on the grilled cheese! Add a side of pesto or marinara!! You won't regret it!! And you might get addicted!!
Feel chilly or under the weather? The lentil soup takes me back to my childhood! 
The Buffalo Chicken Pizza is mouth on fire perfection!! Grab a side of ranch and ruin all other buffalo pizza forever!!
The kids get chicken fingers and mozzarella sticks like they'll not be made again!
I hear the salads are phenomenal but I don't do that. ;-)
The cookies are a MUST!!
Prices and service are awesome! GC3 is a total win!!Absolutely horrible service. Ordered pizza at 9PM and didn't receive it until 1145pm. Almost 3 hours....What possible reason is there for this? Unprofessionalism. I'd give no stars if I could.Just had a pretty bad ham and cheese hoagie. Took quite a while to make this underwhelming sandwich. Very little meat, tons of shredded lettuce = very little flavor. Such an easy menu item. They need to order a few hoagies from other local spots and take some notes. Have not had the pizza, but I'm not sure I'll make it back to try.Okay, the bread is what is holding this place back but I had an eggplant parm sandwich the other day from this spot and the eggplant slices were nicely thick and only lightly breaded.  There was a decent amount of sauce and cheese on the sandwich as well.  So far this is the least disappointing experience I have had thus far when ordering in the Bala Cynwyd area.  I haven't ordered anything else from this location yet but will update my fellow Yelpers when I do.This used to be my favorite place. The last three times the pizza has been disgusting.Update. Here it is November 27th, and I am STILL waiting for that refund from Ordersnapp.  Do yourself a favor.... DO NOT ORDER FROM THIS PLACE!!! They won't deliver, and then you'll be scammed out of your money just like me.This place sucks monkey nuts when it comes to actual pizza. The name is true in that the crust is actually golden, but the rest of the pie stinks. Avoid this joint like the plague and go down ridge ave to Slices.I wanted to give this place a good rating and if  I had only dealt with with the lovely person with long hair and earrings, and not gotten ill, I would have. 
While waiting to pay for something else,
A woman, the owner?,  pops out of the adjoining room looks me up and down, scowls at me and gave me the evil eye. She reeked of hostility and made me regret patronizing the place. I could have overlooked running to the toilet after eating, if not for the angry woman that made me feel unwelcome. I Won't be coming back. My stomach hurts now.Order delivery two salads with Cesar dressing with extra dressing ,never got the dressing,girl on phone said the delivery guy would bring it back when he came back from the delivery,4 hours later still no dressing... dry saladI only order off the Greek menu.  Not a pizza person.  Authentic, delicious home style stews and soups.Not great. I think I am biased because I know what pizza is supposed to taste like....this wasn't itI used to live right down the street from here. We would order from here all the time even though it was awful. It was really the only place to go unless you felt like walking a mile in the mountainous terrain of East Falls.
One of the things we'd get were the "Superfries," which was a foil container filled with fries and god knows what else. The container would sit around for days, gradually getting filled with cigarette butts and ashes along with the last bits of dessicated cheese.This is absolutely the worst pizza in East Falls.  I have given them multiple chances and everytime I order a pizza I'm disappointed.  This is a picture of the latest pizza I got.  I would have returned it and asked for my money back but I had a hungry toddler at home.  I would be ashamed to let this pizza leave my restaurant.Favorite pizza in Manayunk/surrounding area by far! They really do make a unique "golden crust" -- buttery like a Pizza Hut bread stick sans all of the gross chemicals.
Good pricing and delicious. Quickly becoming my Sunday "cheat day" staple.I don't usually write reviews for places I go to as you see, but I have to, this time. I had some friends over few days ago and we ordered pizza ,French fries chicken parm,and a salad. The food was more than you expect from your local neighborhood pizza shop. Pizza out of this world one of the best in phily, hands down.salad was fresh all the vegetables tasted great as if it was just picked from the garden.my firend who had the chicken parm, did not share it with any one, because she said the sauce is like homemade sauce her mom makes,she is Italian by the way.
So I was the hero that day,everyone was pleasantly surpris.
They told me the party is at my house every weekend from now on.i don't know if that is good thing.
Thank you golden crustEFF this place. No, seriously.  I placed an online delivery order from their website at 6:00. At 6:45 I called to confirm my order.  The girl who answered the phone put me on hold to "search" for my order. After about 2 minutes, she told me they were "backed up" and would get it ready in a few minutes. I'm no stranger to the bs line when it comes to delivery places.  I know a few minutes usually equals an hour or more.  The only problem was I paid for this order already and I was starving!!!  Then the girl asked me if I could come in and pick the order up.  Ummm...no. I have conditioner in my hair and it is 43 degrees out...hence the DELIVERY ORDER.  
Finally, I said forget it and cancel the order. She tells me I need to cancel through Ordersnapp.  When I called them to cancel the order, they told me it would take at least 24 hours for my refund to post. So... basically, I wasted my f##### money tonight. I can't even begin to describe how angry this makes me.  Ended up having to place ANOTHER takeout order from a different place. NEVER EVER AGAIN.Been here many times its not far from me. Food is normally good and i never have issues with customer service. This time i found a hair in my stromboli and have to find something else to eat. This is unacceptable, I hope they wear hairnets in the back this is disgusting.We just got a large cheese pizza, a garden salad w/ peppers, onions, tomatos, cucumbers, olives, and egg, buffalo wings and a 2 liter soda for $18. Not bad at all for the price. The problem? Pizza is CLEARLY not their specialty, but it was edible. The wings were a little dry, but again... STILL good enough to eat. The salad was fresh and crisp AND they deliver. 
I think it was a pretty good deal on this cold, rainy night. I was NOT going out in this weather! lolI went to this place for years.  Not sure what happened but my order was less than desired.  My onion rings were full of grease, soft and the fell apart when I picked a ring up.  I tossed them out after finding one to bite into and the grease was overwhelming.  Then my veggie burger was overcooked outside and undercooked in the middle. I could not eat much of that. The dessert was the only thing that was okay.  Then I became nauseous and was queasy for almost 2 days. I'm not sure what is going on there but something must be corrected to ensue this is the last time this happens.Now I remember why I stopped ordering from here. Idk how a place can mess up a stromboli with light amount of sauce but you guys did. I guess your cook doesn't care at all. This was the worst stromboli I've had and the fries were disgustingly soggy. Never again will I waste my money here!So I placed an order for delivery at 7:45pm with an estimated arrival time between 8:30pm-8:50pm. 8:50pm came and went. So I called the restaurant at 8:50pm for a status check. The person I spoke told me to wait another 10 minutes and that it should be there momentarily.  Cool! No problem. 10 minutes came and went. It's now 9:30pm and I never received my food which frankly pissed me all the way off. I called them back, canceled the order, and there was no "sorry for the inconvenience", no inquiry as to why, just "OK yup! Your order was canceled"
Just really disappointing service from a restaurant I've patronized off and on for years.Good Mediterranean food. Have tried a couple different items and liked them all. Received a stange calzone once that I did not like. Haven't had the pizza yet. The whole pies smell good but the slices in the case look pretty gnarly.I love this place. The food and service are great. And. Its got so much charm. They also have some of the best vegetarian options around!  I highly recommend this place for a casual lunch dinner or even a little dessert and coffee sesh with free wifi if you're trying to do a little bit of work. Nice little seating area with tables near the windows. This plce is understated and I think the name says "pizza joint" but their menu is so much more!  The non-pizza items are why I'll go back again and again.Never order from this bs ass establishment especially delivery it takes years to comeDisappointing.
Stopped here to get some food on my travels with family. Wish we had gone elsewhere.
The pizza is not Italian. It's not New York style either. Thin crust is not thin. Quite doughy and buttery as mentioned by previous reviewers.
The Middle Eastern appetizers are boring. No flavour hummus, very soggy vegetarian kebab.
Shame because the service is just fine and pleasant.The best wings in east falls! Normal size chicken wings fried extra crispy with hot sauce on the side (dipping) is what you want. Add the spinach and walnut salad to balance and cheesesteaks pretty good too! Fast service. Clean establishment and YES they are COVID compliant and have been from the start of the pandemic. Go for the Wingdings and like my review when you engage in their deliciousness.They have a nice selection of wraps and salads. It's a good go go for a cheat meal :)Ordered online for a group of coworkers. Website does not give options for making any special requests. I gave my cell number for driver to call when he was outside. Driver came to back of business instead and was ringing bell to get in gate. Missing 3 sodas and one was diet instead of regular. Requested old bay fries. No old bay. Fries were soggy. Cheesesteak was lousy. Stromboli was small compared to other local pizza joints. Steer clear. Garbage.FYI--during COVID (like pre-vaccine) they did not require their staff to wear masks. They still don't require their staff to wear masks, even though the entire neighborhood is under mask order. I hope they're at least vaccinated.
As for the food: The pizza is fine if uninspired; some of the Mediterranean items like hummus are very good. Others not so good. I've never had a chicken gyro here where the chicken wasn't dry, and I've never had a falafel gyro where everything wasn't so soggy. I ordered a salad here once time and was like "whaaat?" Seemed like all dressing and fixings were strangely missing. 
I had a sub here one time--lol. It wasn't bad or anything, it just wasn't anywhere close to good.
If I was from a place where Mediterranean or Middle Eastern cuisine was rare, I'd probably think this place was fantastic. But come on, we are in Philly. These people need to step up their game.I don't understand how anyone can not love this place! The sandwiches and pizza are great.  The family who runs it is awesome.  a nice place to sit and have a piece of cake or dessert. It would be awesome if they got an espresso machine! Its low key and not slick like a chain, but that's what I sorta like about it.I ordered a pizza from them Wednesday during this pandemic because I wanted to support them during this tough time. The order I received on Wednesday was perfect. Service was prompt. I left a nice tip and decided to order from there again tonight.
 After ordering and seeing that it was in the works, Sabria then calls me 15 mins later to say they had closed. I was confused because they had 45 minutes left before closing. I asked why she waited 15 mins before calling me. She lied and said I did call. I'm like ok, no you didn't... it's obvious I'm not getting the food because you are stuttering and making up excuses, I am in the right and the order should have been made. I asked to speak to a manager and she said she was. I said ok so how can we make this right? I manage for a center city restaurant and that's the first thing you do as management. She said "I'm just telling you we not makin ya food" and then hung up on me!  A "MANAGER" HUNG UP ON A PAYING CUSTOMER DURING A PANDEMIC!! When you need all the business you can get!!! 
Her name is Sabria and if she is the manager (doubt it), she really needs a wake-up call. Not to mention she had another younger employee answer and transfer words back and forth when I called back to speak to a manager. All of this for a small pizza. Sabria was soooo disrespectful, yelling in the background, telling the younger employee what to say to me, while I never, ever even raised my voice. I will speak to the owner/real manager tomorrow. Customer is always right even when they are not, but in this case, if the order went through on Grubhub, it should have been made. She probably was ready to go an hour early and wasn't expecting an order. A manager should have fixed the issue over the phone.