The food here is really good and the employees will be as friendly to you as you are to them. Delivery is efficient and prompt.Had the pizza a few times and it varies but is usually pretty good. The Italian was the best one I've had so far, with a fair variety of tasty meats on top. Haven't taken advantage of it yet but they've got some good lunch specials from 11-3. 
Only thing that bugs me is how early they close. I made an order at 10 on a Saturday night, they're open until 11. I was waiting for my roommate to get out of the shower so we could go pick up our pizza when I got a call at 10:15 asking me if I could hurry up because they wanted to close up. Not a big deal since I'm close by but... srsly?Their pizza just isn't that good.  I would rather eat a frozen pizza than a golden crust.  Their fries are rather tasteless and there's something about the texture that makes me wonder if they're re-heating yesterday's batch.  I also wouldn't recommend the gyros.  The gyros meat seems soggy and they never put enough tzatziki sauce on it, but the bread is okay.  I would recommend the pita bread.  Perhaps there is something else on the menu that is good that I haven't tried yet - I just wouldn't order the pizza.  They are inexpensive and service is average.I love the owners! .   All of the food is fresh and the pizza is quite tasty.  Delivery is fast... and the prices are good.  This is a great neighborhood eatery.Really cheap lunch specials, and their main dishes are decent. But every single time I've ordered, the fries that come with the combo seem like they've been sitting out for hours (even when I order right after they open!) They usually get something wrong about my order, too, like the wrong soda, or forgetting lettuce on a burger; it's never anything to make a huge fuss about- but still annoying.Lack of common sense. 
I ordered a stromboli which for whatever reason comes automatically with onions and peppers. However, someone in my party does not like onions and peppers. So I ordered online and asked that they replace the onions and peppers with mushrooms, clearly a cost-saving strategy for them since they would be replacing two vegetables with one vegetable, a vegetable which happens to not be quite pricey. I proceeded then to receive a phone call from the restaurant saying that they could not substitute mushrooms for the two vegetables in question. They could instead charge me $2 for mushrooms and leave out the onions and hot peppers, or omit all vegetables and charge me nothing additional. I explained to them that I didn't see the sense in having to pay for vegetables which I didn't want, and they said they would make a one time exception, likely because I was about to cancel my order.
Well forget it. There are plenty of pizza places in the Hill, I don't need to support one with such policies. I worked in the restaurant business for years and I know that any proprietor worth his salt will accept substitions which are on equal footing. I wasn't asking for steak in place of peppers and onions, I was asking for mushrooms.Super great burgers, hoagies and cheesesteaks and they have falafel which is awesome. The pizza used to be bad, but they changed it and it's very good now! Maybe that's why they got such bad ratings. Also, in the past their staff was pretty often not courteous.Good food, horrible customer service. They never answer the phoneNot good. This is really cheap pizza. Like others have said, just buy a frozen pizza. Try a little harder Golden Crust.I remember when this place used to be good. but the portions have got sooo small. just not worth it anymore.My favorite place in the neighborhood to eat. It's not a Super Bowl without their hot wings and a cheese steak.The pizza was very puffy and the flavor was great. Loved the buffalo chicken. Would have liked more chicken but for 2.50 I can't complain. No frills kinda place.  Local spot with local people just hanging around. The kid working there folding pizza boxes seemed easily distracted by his phone but that's not my problem. Also some kid was sleeping on the booth. Would get another slice sometime if I was around and on a budgetPizza is just okay. Better than some nearby but still not all that great.Their flounder hoagies and cheesesteaks are very good. Not best in the city good, but definitely solid. Their pizza is solid as well. I usually order a flounder hoagie or cheesesteak with a side of mozzarella fries and am never disappointed.Last night I ordered a cheese steak with fried onions.  What I got was an INSULT to Philadelphia cheese steaks.  Starting with the roll: mushy, nothing interesting, tasteless, the meat: what meat? Barely there.  The cheese: what cheese? Ditto, barely there. Fried onions: Ok.  Golden Crust used to make a decent cheese steak, but not anymore. Bummer.The pizza here is good, but it's nothing that will wow you compared to some of the pizza I've had in other shops and in other parts of the world.  They do, however, offer more than just pizza, so I ordered a mushroom and swiss burger and fries over the phone so I could come pick it up.  The straw that gets this place only 3 stars instead of 4 or 5, is that when I arrived to pick up my order, my order didn't show up on the computer so there was a bit of confusion at the counter, but I grabbed an Israeli nectar to drink, and since those are so rare, I couldn't leave without one.  Wouldn't consider sitting in to eat here, but for pickup, it works.This place is... A-Okay. You're going to find whatever typical Philly fast food joint you're looking for here: Cheesesteaks, cheesesteak hoagies, "steak bomb" cheesesteak, cheesesteak wraps, cheesesteak on pita bread... I mean, if you wake up feeling like, "Eh, shaved meat on hoagie bread is just too boring," then you've got options here. For what it's worth, I felt like my cheesesteak here was a little too polite. The meat didn't fall out the end of the bread and down my arm. For some, that may be a plus but I kind of like poorly mannered meat.
Golden Crust also has pizza of course, hoagies (and grinders, whatever those are), burgers, seafood platters, salads, and BREAKFAST until noon. And I love how they offer turkey bacon and sausage, so you can feel like that greasy breakfast sandwich with fluffy eggs and gooey cheese on buttered bread is totes a healthy start to your day.
All in all, a fine place to stop and get some somewhat-reasonably-priced nosh.  They have lunch specials for 7 bucks (all of which come with french fries). Service is a little slow, but what are you gonna do, get your cheesesteak from Wawa?!Here I sit
With cheese and sauce dribbling down my chin.
Enjoying the tasty goodness
Of a pizza
That hit the spot
Of one who forgot to eat lunch.
Again.Do you like butter fried frozen crusts?  Then you'll love this place.  Me I like good pizza, this place does not have it.Pizza's pretty good but the best part is they offer level up, the new way to pay with your phone! Its (Finally!)completely free and totally safe to use. You just hook your card up to your phone and pay through an encrypted bar code. No one ever gets your card info so you're safe from identity theft. Plus level up acts as a loyalty club so as you spend money at the places you normally shop you get money back. Golden crust offers $5 for every $50 spent! if you haven't gotten level up yet use this code to get a bonus $5 global credit to use at any level up carrying location!!! 9WHRC2 and no worries the code never expires! come enjoy philly with a few extra bucks!!! ^.^I ordered a large grilled chicken ceaser salad and an order of garlic bread.  I used to live in the neighborhood and that was my go to meal from Golden Trust.  Well a lot of things must've changed in the years since I've moved bc that salad was awful.  The lettuce was entirely all iceberg it used to be romaine.  But on top of it being iceberg a huge portion of my salad was the white part that you throw away.  There were only 4 cherry tomatoes in the salad and very dry chicken breast was included on top.  The dressing was 2 packages of Ken's ceaser dressing.  The garlic bread was the best thing.  The total meal came to $13.50.  What a huge waste of money.Good customer service and good food!  The crust really is golden and yummy.I would not even give this place one 1 star!  I ordered a pizza.  It came with hardly any toppings.  I called back and got promised a new pizza.  45 minutes later nothing.  I called.  The person on the phone automatically had an attitude and said well the owner said we can't send you a new pizza because we got the toppings right.  She proceded to have an attitude with me.  I asked her if she cared whether the customer was happy because that's how she gets paid.  Still an aittitude.  I asked if she was even listening she replied not really and said my name is Christian you can tell the manager if you want to and put me infinite hold.  I called back got put on hold every times ( 3 times)  the 4 th time I got someone else.  She said she could do nothing because the previous person was the manager.  I got the time the owner was coming back.  I ordered another pizza from Tito's in Mount Airy instead.  I ordered from G crust at 1154 and it's now 2:44 and I eating a pizza from somewhere else.   I added a photo of the G Crust pizza beside the Tito's pizza.  Look under my local photos!   I will never deal with the Golden Crust on Germantown Ave again ever!This restaurant will NEVER get another dime of my money. I have ordered with them several times and at least half the time, they messed up my orders. The last time, they completely left off the funnel fries I ordered and when I called, they said I could come back and get them. When I advised the woman on the phone that I could not come back because I have a small child, she said that she would give my information to the manager and I can get the funnel fries the next time I ordered. Less than 2 weeks later , I put in an online order through GrubHub and called the restaurant asking for them to include the funnel fries they owed me. A guy who barely spoke English yelled that he knows nothing about them owing me funnel fries and would not give them to me. Would I really lie about $2.50 funnel fries? Really? I informed him that I would be canceling my order, and he did not care. Just stated a nonchalant "okay." I called GrubHub and they credited me for the funnel fries and canceled today's order. The food was dry and greasy anyway. My daughter and I will stick to Toto's. Thank you very much.This place is terrible. The staff are rude and either don't talk to you at all and keep you waiting for 10 minutes just standing there, or they tell you that you need to be more patient with them when they finally bother to acknowledge you. I was told over the phone the order would be done in 20 minutes, and I arrived in 30. The order took an additional 20 minutes to complete with me just standing there not being addressed because they didn't even start it until I walked in. They were not busy. I was the only patron in the establishment. I brought it to the manager's attention politely and asked how much longer it would be and he pointed to the griddle, glared at me and said "we're a little bit busy, okay? You think you can forgive us? We're making it now." As I stood there waiting in those 20 minutes I was never told how long it would be from that point, or asked if I needed anything. This is not the first time this team has been rude to me, but it will be the last , as I will not be returning. 50 minutes for scrambled eggs and two omelettes is one thing, but not acknowledging your failure to perform successfully afterward is too much.The more I think about it I'm kinda unhappy with Golden Crust. Their pizza is good but the large is only 14". I know there's an obesity epidemic and we should all try to be healthier blah blah blah but I need more bang for my buck. There are plenty of other places with larger larges, 16", 18", for the same or not much more than GC's 14".Walked in and the phone rang as I walked up,  she said one moment (to me) then answered the phone to take the order. No problem here,  it was a toss up as to who was here first. 
She looked at me to say something,  phone rings again and she answers it and takes an order.  Looks at me and says "What can I. ..", then the phone rings and SHE ANSWERED IT AND STARTS TO TAKE THEIR ORDER! ! WTF?! Put them on hold,  I was next several times.  
Never coming back.  I can get over a bad meal,  but that lack of common sense is un-acceptable.Love the pizza and pizza fries! I can't say anything about delivery because we always pick up, but I can say my husband yells at me if I order from anywhere besides here or Toto's!We order Stromboli, veggie pizza, wings, onion rings the food was luke warm at best the wings were burnt and hard to enjoy. The Stromboli had no meat and I ordered 4 different kinds veggie pizza was the only thing that came correct....this meal reminded me why I stopped ordering outNew to the area and we were tired after moving in to our new place all weekend and wanted to try some local pizza. 
Ordered through Yelp around 7pm (it says 45-60 minutes for an order) for one large pizza. It wasn't until 7:38pm we received a phone call saying the amount online was wrong, they would not honour the price of the online order. We are reasonable people so we said that was fine and prepared to wait around 15 more minutes to receive our pizza. 8:15pm rolls around, still no pizza.
I called to check in on our order and the woman blamed us for the issue since we did not pick up the first time she tried to call our cell phone about the price of the pizza. I told her no worries and continued to ask when it would be there and she let me know. We proceeded to wait ANOTHER 15 minutes for the pizza. After what felt like forever (it was probably our stomachs making us hangry), we finally received our order and ate to our hearts content. The pizza tasted like frozen pizza.
All that to say only order here if you are in need of pizza really bad on a Sunday night because all the other local places are not open and you are willing to pick it up and no offense to the all powerful awesome yelp, but don't order a pizza from them through here.I like Golden Crust Pizza and all still going to give them 5 stars but next time don't forget my hot peppers on the side pleaseI've visited this store twice in the past year prior to today, both from hunger and desperation. Each time I visit I'm reminded of why I should never come back. Today will be my last visit. The food is mediocre and stale, the staff is rude (starting with snatching a receipt out of my hand to answering the phone before we were finished and ending with no thanks for my patronage), and they lack proper cleaning products by the looks of the store. They have a reputation around the neighborhood as being rude and incompetent. I'm surprised they lasted as long as they have. If the area had another pizza option they would be an unpleasant memory. You'll get what you paid for here, if that.ok, too much cheese for my taste, without great crust. nice they deliverThis place is undergoing renovations while open.  I hope it's for dine-in.  Don't forget to feed the meter!  The food is great.  I ordered both a cheese steak and a hoagie.  Both delicious.  I will return!Nothing special good fries. But pizza sucks custumers. Service bad attitudes bad not going back thereWe got take out for the big game on Sunday. We ordered a cheesesteak and a gyro platter. The cheesesteak was pretty good. It was fresh and hot and certainly edible. The roll however was mushy in parts. Like the edges had been dropped in water kind of mushy. Yuck. That had to be scraped off with a spoon before consumption. Once the inedible goo was gone, it was pretty tasty. Good amount of cheese and the meat wasn't stringy or chewy. 
The gyro looked and smelled good and was gone quickly so it appeared to be loved. It came with tons of tzatziki sauce, tomatos, onions and a choice of lamb or chicken.
We've also gotten pizza in the past and it's all right too, especially the garlicky crust. I'm tough on pizza though. Being raised in Jersey makes you a pizza/tomato pie snob, it can't be be helped.
A good place for take out if you can find a parking spot. They won't deliver if you don't have a landline phone (who has one of THOSE anymore?) so be prepared to hoof it.This store is run like a band of dysfunctional pirates, who drip stress and hostility over every order. And good luck getting them to deliver your food with any kind of consistency. Sometimes it takes 20 minutes, sometimes 90. What you can count on is your food being lukewarm when it arrives. This should only be an option of last resort.I thoroughly enjoyed the cheese steak fries which I ordered from Golden Crust. The fries were hot, fresh and not burned just the way that I requested. I was very pleased as I am with every order.All I can say is "mediocre food and bad service". The so-called managers make excuses for the bad service and are unapologetic. I tried contacting the owners about my recent experience, but every time I called they were conveniently unavailable. At least for your health, steer clear of this place!!!!Went downhill since they stopped selling beer. Some pretty greasy, mediocre dishes. I feel uncomfortable when I'm there, not a very nice environment.ordered 1 large pizza for my son and his friends, I  literraly live down the block but due to the fact I had 4 litte lids in the house I had it deliverd. The girl taking orders told me 30 minutes, at 45 minutes in I called an dshe stated the order had left already, the pizza arrived after 1 hr 5 min from the time I placed my order. The dleievry gus repsonse was that it was busy??? Random weeknight, that busy??? needless to say the pizza was cold and nto very good. I called golden crust back and the girl told e she did not have a roder for me in the system veru RUDELY??? Ok but I just paid and my pzza is here, then the delivery guy starting in saying that we were outside for 15 minutes arguing over the bill? I ordered 1 pizza, the bill was simple. The girl on the phon was very rude, I asked for her name which she refused to give and then hung up on me!!!. Bottom line.... HORRIBLE SERVICE...RUDE STAFF....barley better than FROZEN PIZZA....lesson learned! I will stick with TOTO's on Green St. The staff is always friendly, food is always excellent!!! I tried to support a local business but will never spend another penny at Golden Crust!Golden Crust is a little better than average. Whenever you order over the phone, they never have a person who seems to understand the most basic of words. It always takes 5 minutes to place a simple order. You're better off going to Fiesta Pizza up Germantown...but this place does have beer...and Four Loko.Subpar crust, but the sauce and cheese were tasty and well proportioned.   Fast service.Golden crust has fell off BAD over the years. Quality of food is minimal, and the pizza is no where near what it use to be back when I was growing up around there. Cheesesteakes are meh at best. And hoagies are pitiful.Their pizza is delicious , but I can no longer order from them due to the rude behavior. The manager of this place is very 'snappy' rude and impatient. My mother called to place an order and wanted to know what kind of drinks they had , the lady on the phone told her to wait a moment , the manager picked up the phone and talked to my mom with such a rude and impatient tone "what do you want , what do you want !? " excuse me ? This is not the first time the manager has sounded  rude, I have heard him in the background while I was on the phone placing an order , he always sounds 'snappy ' and impatient. He gave my mother an excuse by saying that he was having a bad day. So you have a bad day every time ? We will not be ordering from him again. My mother did not deserve to be snapped at .I've been a customer for over the past 10 years. It's extremely sad how the quality of this business has changed from being a place that my family loves to support to now being an establishment that I will not spend one single dime at. The quality of food has tremendously change their customer service is extremely unacceptable. On many events, you can wait hours for your order by the time your order arrives it's cold or burnt. If anyone knows an outstanding pizza place please let me know thank you for yours.I ordered breakfast at 10:00 am . The food came at 11:50. The bacon was thin and the pancakes cold. I will not order breakfast from this establishment again. Truly a disappointing experience.I have been a customer for a long long time and we love it. Service is usually great. But they have some new people who are rude and have no customer service. The teenage girl that was complained about is one of their best employees. They should worry about they new people who have no courtesy. And cant get orders right or know how to use the computer.I'm giving them one star because IF the order turns up fresh and not hours late and IF it's the correct order is provided then the food has the potential of being good. We were avid customers and ordered almost weekly from Grubhub. One night we waited close to two hours for our food and was told they ran out of the roast beef I ordered and replaced it with a Italian on a hard roll. No apology. No one asking how to make it right. It was terrible. 
We have again tried them and our order is over an hour late and when we called we were told "the driver got a flat and had to bring the food back. He's leaving now". So how long was our food in a car?  The food was later than the 15 minutes we were told it would take which indicated to me that the food was never made. It got to us almost two hours after we ordered and an hour after their delivery estimate. The food was cold and order did not include fries. I requested a refund from Grubhub. 
Needless to say we will not be ordering again. With so many options in this neighborhood it's a shame they have given themselves this reputation.Golden Crust is a staple in Mount Airy. The neighborhood and I grew up on their pizza menu. The food is good and the staff is great.Ordered twice. Why did I give a second chance? Food was late and cold, . Second time, ordered, app says on its way and arriving soon. Called them and it was still being made and they hung up
Avoid three idiotsI Ordered two slices of pizza from the store today one cheese one ground beef asI'm eating a pizza I see there's a roach on my pizza I've called the store as Can speak to the owner I guess the manager got on the phone he says to me I don't know how that could've happened would you like us to fix 
you another slice of pizza or do you want your money back I was so disgusted I will never order from this place ever againReally disappointed with the quality of the food. It was cold when we got it, like it had been sitting for awhile (mozzarella sticks were cold, the cheese had congealed). The pizza dough was undercooked but the amount of toppings was nice for the price. It shouldn't have been cold, though  ¯\_(ツ)_/¯Never order from Golden Crust on a Monday!
(And possibly other days of the week that the woman on the phone tonight works)
The woman taking calls is either incompetent or a liar.
We placed an order by Grubhub. After it was 30-40 minutes late, my wife called and was assured it was on its way. After it was more than an hour late, I called. This time, the person answering the phone sounded like she didn't recognize the order. I gave her the name and address. She said she would look it up. After a few minutes on hold, she answered the phone with "pickup or delivery". After I reminded her who I was, she said "oh right I was supposed to look it up" and got put on hold. Eventually I was disconnected. I called back and after calling a few times (the phone was busy) she answered, asked me to repeat my information and then finally told me that she couldn't find my order. My wife said that was strange since she'd been told the order was on the way. So my wife called back and gave the order number and was assured that the driver was on its way.
At this point it's 90 minutes past the scheduled time, so I try to call back. At this point, the phone rings but they never pick up.
Such a shame, their food is perfectly fine... When you get it. But it's now nearly two hours after the order and we couldn't even get an answer about what happened. We had to cancel via Grubhub.
After more than 2 hours after it was supposed to arrive, the delivery person finally showed up. A shame we'd already canceled the order and gotten a refund. The food tasted fine but was lukewarm. If only the restaurant had answered the phone and been honest about the order and when it would arrive this could have been avoided.DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY.  I ordered from here recently for posterity to see if it was still as mediocre as when I was a kid growing up in Mt. Airy;  it was as I expected still wretched and not worth the money. 
Pizza:  very bland and underwhelming pan style cooked in a conveyor oven which is the first sign of lackluster fraudulent pizza.  The crust is too doughy and not crispy,  not your expected deep dish pan pizza either, this is a quasi mix of bad regular crust and bad deep pan crust.  
Cheesesteak:  not awful, expected for a corner style place, certainly nothing I would ever recommend to anyone asking for a good and authentic Philly cheesesteak.  It was very soggy and bland also but acceptable for the price. 
Fries: cold, old and flavorless.  
This place has no organization, no warming units,  no staff with any candor for service with insincere courtesy and zero sense of urgency.  
This spot may have been acceptable years ago, now however it has no place in the transformed Mt. Airy and Germantown avenue area that took so much effort to change into a great area for dining and enjoyment.  Our neighborhood may not have an abundance of pizzeria and sandwich shops which is a shame but we certainly do not need this over priced, poor quality cesspool festering on our lovely avenue.Been eating here for years and the last few times I've ordered, I've noticed the product and service decline. I've waited over an hour and a half for orders and I live relatively close (10 minutes walking). The price should match the service and the price well exceeds dealing with the rude woman on the phone, and slow to arrive delivery service driver who expects a tip for delivering cold pizza. I think I'll have to move on to EVO Brick Oven Pizza across the street. 
I didn't receive any support over the phone when I called GC to see what the status of my order was. The price of my order changed (went up) at the door with no explanation from the delivery guy. Once I opened my order, my pizza was cold and the cheesesteak had items on it I did not order. Thanks, but no thanks Golden Crust. 
If you're thinking about ordering, I whole heartily urge you to reconsider and find somewhere else. Spare yourself the disappointment. This world's cruel enough as it is.Ive been here a few times in the past to order their pizza fries which obviously I enjoy, otherwise I wouldn't of come a few times before! 
I came here yesterday, the service was great! I ordered a cheeseburger platter but I really wanted a bacon cheeseburger. The young lady that waited on me said they can add bacon for $1! 
The budget was cooked well done but not burnt. They weren't skimpy with the bacon either which I liked.  
Only thing is I asked for mayo and they kinda over did it with the mayo, so next time I'll just ask for a little mayo.
I will definitely come back again, probably get a hoagie next time.Poor customer service. Young Mexican looking guy at register, BAD ATTITUDE. Stood in front of register for long period of time before he or girl next to him decided to acknowledge I was there. Only after I had to ask if someone could help me.
Just horrible!I have only ordered their pepperoni pizza but I am absolutely in love ! Haven't been able to really try anything else because I'm stuck on the pizza but I did order a side of buffalo wings before they were good but I was so disappointed with their mild sauce. I am usually very cautious when ordering wings from anywhere because the wing sauce has to be just right for me but this was horrible it was as if they blended ketchup barbecue sauce and a hint of hot sauce. YUCK ! It turned me off to their wings after that but I had to give four stars because the pizza there is always amazing to me and the price is very fair ! I was surprised to get a large pepperoni pizza for only $10.50Patronized this restaurant for years, I moved out of the area and still ordered from the restaurant because in my opinion they had the best pizza. Lately I noticed the pizza was a hit or miss and the wings according to my son was over fried or it was old wings dipped in the fryer. I called to complain about a order which I never done before and the manager was very rude. Needless to say I'm doneAmazing pizza and friendly customer service. You guys are doing great! Thanks for being in our lovely neighborhood.Horrible customer service!!!!! I placed an order trough slices prior to me arriving at the pizza store, walk in there is a younger teenage girl and an older lady fiddling around with receipts. I'm standing there in this extremely sweltering hot store with no AC staring at both of them for at least 3 min before the young teen makes I contact with me ( no greeting) and I tell her what I ordered, she's looks around the store confused and tells me she doesn't have an order for me and asked me was I at the right store because apparently there's another one but we confirm I'm at the right location. The other lady finally stops what she's doing and asked what did I order and I tell her my order, she tells the young lady "Oh she ordered through slices".  I continue to stand in front of them for another 2 minutes without them updating me on my order . I asked " so what's the status of my order" the older lady goes "Oh I just put that order through, it's going to be about 10min". I go wait in my car for 12/15 min then enter the store and again I stand in front of the ladies with another customer and no one updates me or attempts to get my order.  3 minutes later the older lady takes a cheese pizza out of the oven, puts it in the box and cuts it and places it on top of the oven. I stay quiet for another minute waiting to see what happens and then I ask again what is the status of my order because I've been standing here and no one has made any attempt to help me besides I placed my order 10/15 minutes prior to me arriving at the store. Again the lady is standing around looking rude and oblivious besides the fact that that was my pizza she cut and placed back on top of the oven. These people are rude, discourteous and the store feels like a sauna. The only good thing is the pizza was good, could've cooked a little longer but unfortunately I will never ever ever place an order to this unorganized pizza store again.I LOVE the cheese pizza at this store! The menu is robust and delicious but never get your food delivered. Pick it up if you want it fresh!If you're looking for great price, great portions, and great pizza, try here. It's not you're brick oven style, organic, or farm fresh but it's the best in the area for a "go to."The woman accepting calls or people answering the phones are rude, ignorant, incompetent and lazy as hell. Let's start there. This is their 3rd time sending us the complete wrong order--and we order online so we have PROOF of what we ordered yet they still act like THEY'RE not the ones who made the mistake or "can't find the order" If they're not sending you the wrong food, the food will be cold. A few weeks ago, we ordered and it didn't show up for 2.5 hours with ZERO phone call or update because "a driver's car broke down" and when the food finally arrived--it was not the right food ANYWAY! They're rude as hell which is odd considering the circumstances. They never work to rectify ANY of their mistakes. They make you not trust that they're not spitting on your food that's how difficult they are to talk to! Oh, and walk in there any given day, you won't see a single mask ON the face covering anything. So, with that said--I'm done with Golden Crust and I don't recommend you bother yourself with them either.First time here. Small neighborhood pizza spot. But the salad was so fresh and filling. The staff was really fun
Definitely will be back when in the area.Food is bad.  The fries always come soggy.  They always  get the order wrong.  Grilled chicken club comes as a chicken salad club warm.  The girl that works there is a dip s**t who talks over you when you order and cannot get the order right.  Diet coke comes as regular coke.  Cake is good if it is fresh.  and you cant go wrong with the chicken fingers.  The pizza is crappy.  15 wrong order and I will never come back.I placed a simple order for delivery. Meatball sub, fries, and a wrap. The delivery was an hour and a half late, I called three times to check on the order and every time was told "it will be there any minute". The calls were 20 min apart. When calling they were rude and dismissive on the phone. And of course the food was cold, soggy, and disgusting by the time it did finally show up. And to top it off, the cold soggy meatball sub had also had the roll burned. This could not be more of a hot mess. Maybe it's fine for takeout, don't bother getting anything delivered.I ordered the tiramisu this evening and was very disappointed when it was made with cream cheese?! It left a very sour/tangy taste. Never had I had tiramisu with cream cheese. I see that their desserts are made by another vendor but I wished they selected a classic version instead. Otherwise my pizza and wings were decent.I walked in and the employees took the orders of the 3 or 4 other people in front of me. Then when it got to me the guy taking the orders started doing other things like taking a pizza out to a customer in the lobby which was fine they are busy I get it. So I'm just standing there for a while and some other people came in. A different employee a young woman nearly immediacy came and took the order of the people who just came in. 
I wanted two things. I wanted a large pizza and to use the restroom. So I used the restroom and left. There is little doubt in my mind they did this because I was white, but whatever. If my money isn't good enough there, then I'll go elsewhere which I did. Maybe they had a good reason, but I'll never know. No one said a word to me. 
If you're a local, you probably won't have any problems. I was visiting for the day and just happened to cross paths with this place. If you are visiting the area and white, I'd find another place to eat.
Here's the race breakdown:
Young guy taking orders: Italian (I think)
Older guys probably the owners: Italian (I think)
Young woman taking orders after first guys: black
Me: White