It took more than an hour for the delivery, and the order was not complete when it arrived. When I called back to tell them they forgot some items, they were very unhelpful, I asked for them to bring the rest of the order, and it never arrived.  On top of that the food was not good at all, plain and greasy.Being a meat eater, Golden Empress Garden was a great place to take my sister and her boyfriend who are vegan. They have two menus - one for vegans/vegetarians, one for non. We all loved it. This is the best chinese food I have had in Philadelphia, and that's mostly because they all look the same to me, that cookie cutter look with the same picture menu on the walls and fried chicken on the menu, so I haven't tried many of them. 
They started us by putting a lightly marinated bowl of cabbage and carrots on the table to munch on, as well as the fried chips that you dip in the orange sauce (what the heck are these called? - so good.) And of course, tea, the tea was delicious. 
I got the wonton soup because of the mention of it on yelp and it was great. I ate every last drop. I got the general tso's chicken, my classic favorite and I loved it. The portions were huge and they gave us a huge plate with a mountain of rice on it. My sister's boyfriend destroyed his faux chicken dish, and my sister got a tofu dish and said she liked it a lot. My boyfriend got the beef lo mein and it was the best beef lo mein I've ever had.
The waiter (owner?), Sam, was awesome, as mentioned before. He's funny and was fun to deal with. Not to mention he was good at his job. 
Looking forward to eating my leftovers.Sam is great. Interior is downright gross. Food is fair. Restrooms are right out of crime scene photos. If you have a meal here, be prepared to witness some downright odd activity going on.This place might look a little dirty but it has amazing food!! the waiter/owner seems to be a really funny guy too!! i got a house special fried rice that was amazing. the service was quick and very fast for delicious food. the fried noodles on the table were very fresh!I've ordered take roughly 30 times. This time , 1/18/2015 , my hot and sour soup was bland almost flavorless and the shrimp and garlic sauce was thin almost brothy and the only veg in the dish was a lot of broccoli. I enjoyed my egg roll and sprite. They are usually much better.I like the fact that this place has a veg menu, but that's where I stop being impressed. I ordered a mock chicken and mock beef dish. Biting into one of the "chicken" nuggets, I was presented with a squirt of something that looked like...well...I don't want to say...It was like pasty white glue. The 'beef was very stringy and it felt like there was more of it stuck in my teeth than actually in my stomach.
Took the rest to go. You do not want to know what it looked like re-heated. The chicken completely broke down into the white ooze, with chunks of the batter floating around. The beef was too rubbery to be edible.I've ordered from here several times. First, as a business owner I appreciate the quality service over the phone and the speedy delivery afterward. 
The food was very fresh and packed well. Although that sounds like a small thing, I can't tell you how many countless times I have received delivery with sauces spilled in the bottom of the bag. 
My initial order was Chicken Teriyaki, chicken and broccoli w/ lo mien and an egg roll and I must say YUMMY YUMMY. My favorite is the Chicken Teriyaki. FRESH, tender and succulent boneless chicken on skewers in a container with teriyaki sauce at the bottom for dipping. I felt it was a healthy alternative to the usual salt ridden, dried meat like substance offered by so many other establishments. 
My second order was even better with Chicken Hawaiian, chicken with seasonal greens (VERY healthy), chicken teriyaki, egg drop soup and rice. Again.....DELICIOUSO.....
They definitely have the right idea....and the prices aren't overwhelming. Thank you Thank you Thank you for good lunch and dinner options.always seem to have the nicest staff with the cutest demeanor.  i don't go here all that often (due to the numerous fully vegan places in philly), but i'm glad i went, every time.
get the seasonal greens or general tso's (tofu).Let's be realistic. Who goes to a Chinese restaurant without wanting a little greasy goodness in your belly? If you want healthy, buy a wok and stay home.
Bonus points for a separate Veg menu! I played it safe with tofu and broccoli, but found myself sneaking a substantial portion from my boyfriends plate of the Vegetarian "Chicken Honolulu." Fake chicken, battered, deep fried and served with a sweet sauce, pineapple chunks, and cherries. Sinful! The very attentive Sam provided us with heaps of brown rice and there were leftovers galore.
I may be committing Vegan heresy when I say this, but I enjoyed it more than anything I've ever had at New Harmony.Have walked by and not sure I'd actually want to go in and sit down, but they have great takeout and prompt delivery. My personal favorites are the Szechuan noodles in hot oil (which are stuffed with pork and drenched in a spicy peanutty sauce) and the range flavored chicken (sweet and spicy sauce and nicely cooked chicken). Makes for yummy leftovers...Definitely my fave Chinese place. The vegetarian General Tao's is so good, and the wonton soup and vegetable lo mein are also great. Ordering on Grub Hub rarely works which is a drag but it's worth the hassle.When I first became vegan nearly 20 years ago, there was little more in the dedicated veg variety in the city than Chinese restaurants - some of them very good, or at least memorable, like Cherry Street, where I had mock duck for the first time.
But since then, the bar on veg or even semi-veg restaurants has raised quite a bit, and honestly - not picking on Golden Empress - I think all of the veg-friendly Chinese restaurants in the city are pretty bad (the exception being Su Xing House, which has a few truly remarkable dishes, but even then they're more "General Asian Buddhist" than "Straight-up Chinese" i.e. the miso soup at Su Xing is fantastic.)
I have been re-visiting Golden Empress here and there over the years, first the original location and now the newer one, and I just have never been able to get into it. On my most recent visit, I picked the most flavorful sounding vegan thing - the garlic chicken - and even requested spicy, and I couldn't believe how one dimensional it was. It seemed to be seasoned with soy sauce and maybe a dash of white pepper, with the cloves of garlic in the dish were still pretty raw. (note: not everything on the vegetarian menu is vegan. you have to ask, hence why I got that and not General Tso's or something more obvious. GT uses eggs.)
The wonton soup that proceeded it was so incredibly boring it tasted like dumplings in soy sauce. I couldn't finish it.
Overall I just can't really imagine going here (or any of the other veg-friendly Chinese restaurants in the city) with so many other good options nearby, especially all the flavorful Thai & Vietnamese places. I'd go to Tamarind, Erawan, or Vietnam Palace any day over these.
On the plus side I did get a good fortune tonight and overall I'm glad they cater to veg folks. Hopefully someone can point me to their good dishes on their menu. I'd love to support them.Food was nasty. Ordered 2 chicken wings, one less salty and one spicy, and both came just regular. FEATHER stuck on the fried wing!! YUCK.. Lots of chicken "hairs" not picked out here and there.
Oil dripping from the fantail shrimp.Tried this place for delivery after discovering this spot on Yelp.  I was not disappointed. As a girl who is always up for trying new versions of mock-meat, I was excited to try their extensive veggie menu as I was snowed in by one of the recent storms. I started with the wonton soup which is something that I often have to miss out on as a non-pork eater. The veggie wonton soup was delicious and hot.  I tried the mock Peking duck wraps which were great- could have been a little crispier but loved the flavor.  Also I got an order of the chicken and steamed veggies. The bok choy was delicious but the mock chicken was a little rubbery.  It was alot of food and I ended up making three dinners out of it.  The third dinner I only had the chicken and veggies left, and I ended up sauteeing it in spicy sesame oil and soy, and adding a few more things in to make it something new.  This place is definitely my new go-to spot for delivery chinese.  Good prices, solid food.Our go-to takeout Chinese place, and lately we've eaten in too. They have the SWEETEST waitress and never a wait. It's a bit small but if you have a group of 5-10 they'll happily accommodate you. 
As 2 vegetarians it's comforting to know they aren't slipping fish into their sauces etc, plus they have a giant all-veg menu that is chock full of fake meats, in addition to their meat menu. I personally love the veg duck and anything tofu, but am not a fan of their veg chicken which I find too dry - but my partner loves it so I guess it's just personal preference. One of our favorite dishes is actually not on the menu - if you ask for noodles with their "sesame sauce" it's a peanut-y sauce you can get hot or cold and is so tasty!do not order from grubhub. my order never came and when i called they said the fax machine was busy.ok, so this is the other amazing Chinese food place in Philly, the best veggie/vegan fare around. Again lite n fresh, exactly what u want from Chinese food restaurants. Nice n clean, family is very close n keeps the atmosphere comfy n family friendly...This place is great for vegetarians. Nearly all their menu items have a vegetarian option, including all of the appetizers. Not only that, but the veggies in the dishes are plentiful and fresh. This chinese food even tastes healthier than others, withlout sacrificing flavor. Golden Empress may have moved to the top of my list.I had passed by Golden Empress countless times en route to get my hair did by Candi at Salon Sugar (and had accumulated a collection of their take-out menus with the intention of eventually stopping in for a bite while in the area), but had never actually stopped in until a friend and I were scouring South Street for a reasonably priced place to have dinner before seeing a musical at Penn (which in itself is a whole other story; it ended up being pretty awful).  I suggested Golden Empress Garden since they had both a vegetarian and a regular menu so we went in and got seated right away.  I settled on the sweet and sour tofu and my friend settled on the General Tso's tofu, but to her dismay, it was a bit too spicy.  Other than that, I would definitely come back, most likely for lunch (since portions are smaller) since I spend a lot of time in the area.Ahhh love this place. Got the house special lo mein (vegetarian) I love it. And got the vegetarian seasame chicken and vegetarian lemon chicken... both great.
They cater to both vegetarians and non vegetarians. I do both and both are great. Cheap prices and super quick.
My fav place to get vegetarian food is Golden Empress.
Been going here since 1998.
They deliver around South Philly as well. Their egg and pizza rolls are great as well. Give this place a go its so worth it.If you want cheap and filling the lunch specials are perfect. The vegetarian menu. I'm a carnivore anywhere else but when I come here I always get the vegetarian meal. The hot and sour soup can cure any disease.  If you are sick get that delivered and you will be miraculously cured.This place is so great! I really miss it because I've been living in Seattle for the past 4 years.  I eat meat now, but I would prefer to have their Vegetarian Sesame Chicken over any real meat dish.  It is so good there!!  It must be really hard to make fake meat because if it wasn't hard, maybe someone in Seattle could have figured it out how to do it right.  Sam is the greatest.  No other restaurant could ever match him in service or friendliness.  He is such an icon in my mind when I think of Philly.  Awwww.Excellent Chinese food, eat in or takeout. One of the cleanest, least greasy places in the city. Great prices and many vegetarian options. I love the vegetarian hot & sour soup as well as veg dumplings. It's nice that there are both meat and non-meat options since my husband eats meat. They are very sensitive to vegetarians and always clarify if I want something to be meat free, which I really appreciate. On par with Chinatown establishments.Don't be misled by the low-key decor and take-out signage exterior!  My friend and I took a chance based on yelp reviews and we were incredibly happy that we did!
We were the only people dining in although a few people placed and picked up orders to go.  The service was prompt and friendly and I always love a place that serves you crispy wonton noodles before you eat!
I ordered the vegetable wonton soup - I haven't had wonton soup since I stopped eating pork and this was just delightful!  My friend had the vegetable hot and sour and felt the same way about what she got.
The steamed vegetable dumplings were perfect.  It was a large order and I could have probably had a whole additional plate I enjoyed them so much.
We got a chicken dish and vegetable lo mein and even though we over-ordered, we were pretty pleased to leave with leftovers.
The restaurant was closing up by the time we finished but we felt no pressure to leave.  In fact, our waiter asked if we wanted dessert even though we could see they were closed.
Overall, we had a great time, the prices were super-affordable and we will be returning!Honestly the worst pad Thai imaginable. Plain noodles, no sauce,  sliced green peppers, & a few peanut crumbles.  Got it for take out,  got home and cannot even eat it. Bummer.My favorite take out Chinese!  I order from here almost once a week and have never been disappointed. Unlike some other Chinese joints, the chicken actually looks and tastes like chicken and you don't feel disgusting after eating it. My recommendations are the steamed pork dumplings, roast pork fried rice, chicken lo mien, and scallion pancakes. Yum!This place is awesome! They had a ton of Vegan items and a separate Vegetarian menu! The food is amazing; the staff is very knowledgeable and very friendly! This is a must stop for your Philly visit!First time there. Food was good, crisp spring roll, vegetarian wonton soup was really good. I had vegetarian garlic chicken made with Seitan, it was ok, a Lil bland for me tho, even tho I asked for them to make it spicy, wish it had more of a garlic taste.  But i will try a few other dishes next time I'm in Philly, n they didnt have my fav...vegetarian hot n sour soup, I really wanted to try it.What this place lacks in decor it makes up for with great food, excellent service, and low low prices. 
The only thing I ask of chinese food is that it is hot and consistant. I also appreciate when you tell them you want it spicy, it comes out spicy!
I have enjoyed everything I have ever ordered from this place. 
It is mentioned in just about everyone's review but it is great that they have seperate veg/meat menu's. It makes taking my friends who have fallen off the meat wagon somewhere easy. 
However, anyone that frequents this place knows the real reason why they keep returning. Sam!
Oh Sam, during the Phillies play-off games last year, he let me use his radio so I could enjoy the game and an egg roll. (And you know that egg roll was hot and delicious) 
I think the phrase  "Da Bomb" was created to define Sam. 
I might have to check the Urban Dictionary on that, but again pretty sure that is the reason.The worst things about the Golden Empress are that I got white rice instead of the brown, and that the ringer on their door is wayyyy too loud. Seriously, their food is incredible. I'm actually thinking about how long till I go back, two days in a row is too much right? 
Get your favourites as veg, somehow they're better. 
Go here.I usually get delivery from here as the atmosphere is not really comfortable to eat it or the most attractive, albeit it is generally clean.  Today I walked into to place a takeout order and sat near the window watching the staff prepare my food and the food of others through the open kitchen.  To put it mildly what I saw made for a very bad day at the Golden Empress Garden.  There were four men in the kitchen prepping, cooking, and lounging.  One gentleman sat in the corner of the kitchen playing with his scratch lottery tickets and coughing frequently sans covering his mouth.  Another gentleman took care of the orders upfront, exchanging food and money and then returning to the kitchen diving into assist with food prep.  Another young man also working with the food scratched his head frequently and wiped his nose with his hand repeatedly.  The final act in this food preparation nightmare was when the coughing gentleman sneezed, blew his nose, tossed the tissue into the bin and then proceeded to put food into containers and secure the lids.  At no point did anyone wash their hands.  I was so grossed out I simply left and bid farewell to my germ ridden food and to Empress Garden.  I have no doubt that many other restaurant kitchens have similar sanitary issues, but seeing them through the open kitchen really does kill your appetite.  On the other hand, perhaps all of the germ exchange enhanced the food I used to like.  Hope this was an off day, but the kitchen routine seemed familar to the staff.   So sad!Delivery took an hour and a half, food was cold and soggy. Crab wontons were good but it's pretty hard to jack that one up. I think my General Tso's meowed at me.I'm bewildered by the glowing reviews.  I was craving some hot soup and ordered the much-ballyhooed vegetarian wonton soup.  It was lukewarm, and the wonton filling was mainly minced celery.  Edible, but nothing I'll ever eat again.Best General tso's I've had in awhile. Different than most but amazing flavors. Excellent menu as well, wide range, but yet has all the basics. Highly recommend. Very clean inside along with decent seating and online ordering available!As others have mentioned, this place has a big vegetarian menu. I tried the General Tso's mock chicken but was turned off by the rubbery texture and bland sauce. But everything else I have tried (not on the veg menu) has been pretty excellent for what it is. The pork fried rice is everything I believe pork fried rice should be.
What can one really say about takeout Chinese? It tastes good and isn't greasy. Plus, it's two blocks from me so I can pick it up in a fraction of the time it would take to be delivered. This will be my go-to spot from now on. (Unless I want crab rangoon, which they do not have.)We order from here ALL the time.  They are fast for both delivery and pickup and we have always enjoyed our food.  It is not greasy and tastes fresh every time.  I also love that you can order through Yelp and customize spiciness/salt/fat.
I love the mei fun, orange chicken, and their crab rangoon [cheese wontons on their menu].
They always throw in extras for free, like egg rolls, crunchy wontons, sesame noodles, etc...Ordered from grub hub.
This was the first delivery Chinese I've had in Philly that's worth it's salt. It's slightly pricier, basically meaning they don't have the $7 combo dinner meals that most places have. With that said it's still reasonable, about $8-10 per entree. 
Delivery was quick 30-40 minutes.
Overall:
Crispy shrimp entree: really good with some legit spice
Hit and sour soup: very good, 
Veggie fried rice: more please!
Egg roll; standard egg roll, good but nothing special
Honolulu chicken entree: my wife seemed to enjoy itPretty much gonna say the same thing as other people in regards to the ridiculous delivery times and overall quality of the food.
Took an hour and fifteen minutes which is absurd.  Ordered 3 cans of soda with my meal then put in the online "discount code" for one more free can of soda which my purchase qualified for since it was more than $10.  
I not only didn't get the free soda (no biggie) but didn't even get the original 3 I actually paid for.  On top of no fortune cookies or plasticware in the bag and the food only being just okay and the sesame chicken scarce, I probably won't order from here again.  The Lo Mein was tasty, I'll throw them that bone, but that's about it.
Plus who doesn't offer two liters of soda? Lame.Very impressed with flavor & freshness!  We ordered some food when my daughter & son didn't want what the others ate.  Great find & delicious food.  Ate on the go, only reason for 4 star, closer to 5, but very happy with our food, ordering, & service.Best Chinese I have found in South Philly area!  
Golden Empress caters to vegetarians, and although I am not a vegetarian, it does mean, that the vegetables are fresh, not over-cooked, and always delicious.  
The service always makes the dining an enjoyable experience, even if you are just picking up.  Sam is usually at the register, making pleasant conversation and paying attention to your special requests - and making sure whether you want the real meat, or the substitute meat version of the meal
I could eat at Empress Garden daily - and NEVER get sick of it!So this place is one of few Chinese rest. in Philly deliver to my hotel.  I ordered tofu considering they labeled themselves as Vegetarian.  They used low quality tofu, frozen peas, and canned mushrooms.  The price was pretty cheap, so I expected small portion.  However, they do give you alot of food, alot of crappy food, though.  Another no-go for me.Generous portions,cheap, good ambiance, would come back againI ordered from here with my boyfriend one night. He ordered his usual General Tso's chicken, but what we got tasted like Sweet & Sour Chicken. We also ordered Pork with Garlic sauce, and I'm used to it being spicy, but it wasn't at all. The steamed dumplings were pretty good though. I'll probably try to find a different place for Chinese food next time.Super tasty and promptly delivered food.  Will definitely eat their food again when I'm in Philly.  Thank you!!After a long crazy day, my traveling companions and I decided to forgo going out to dinner and order Chinese in.  We found Golden Empress was nearby and delivered.  They were fabulous!  Placed the order over the phone and within about 30 minutes we had an abundance of food delivered to our hotel!  
They have a great vegetarian menu!  We ordered four different vegetarian entrees and were impressed with each.  The hot and sour soup was pretty good too.  I can't even remember what everyone ordered but I can say that we had way more food than we needed and it was all pretty delicious and inexpensive.  I wish we had a place like this in Newburyport!!
Now, I must go sleep off this Chinese food coma...
P.S. Unlike other yelpers who have visited Golden Empress before us, we did not get the overload of fortune cookies and I was sad.  
P.P.S. One guy in our party was irritated that they did not send chop sticks with the plastic utensils.  Bah!  So we only give them four stars.  A little harsh?I was craving wonton soup and some other favorites. My delivery arrived in 15 minutes! I was amazed and pleasantly surprised by the quality of food. Been struggling to find a good Chinese restaurant on this side of town, so I could not be happier I found this place.I order takeout from here about once per month. They have extensive vegan options including those with faux meat and tofu. Favorite dish is the seasonal greens with tofu!Whoa, I never reviewed this place?  
Faux Peking Duck in a wrap with green onion and Hoisin Sauce.  Amazing.  Delicious.  I love meat and this thing was as good, if not better, than the real thing.  I ordered this dish for delivery at least 5 times in a 2 month span.  
Most of their dishes are great, a few are pretty much the same as any other takeout joint.  The veggie dishes really shine.  
Definitely recommended.I have been eating at Empress for about 10 years now. I can't get enough of their food! I only wish that I lived closer. I can't find a pork fried rice that even comes close to their rice- everyone else pales in comparison.The food is usually good and there are fantastic vegetarian options, however the service has deteriorated in recent months. The last few deliveries have taken Well over 90 minutes. The last delivery is at 2 hours and counting. I usually order Chinese because it's quick and easy. Given the wait time for the food there are way better optionsWell this will be our second time this week having Chinese - both times from Golden Empress Garden.  My boyfriend has been coming here for over 14 years now, I've been coming here for the past year I've lived in Philadelphia.  You can always count on Golden Empress Garden to be open when you're starving and need a decent meal ASAP.   The food is consistently good, tasty and delicious, not at all greasy or heavy like Chinese food sometimes can be.  Much better than any of the 'corner store style #1 China' restaurants you'll find all over the city. 
And then there's SAM, probably the best server you'll find at any restaurant anywhere around and one of the nicest guys in the world.  If not coming here for the food, you should totally stop by just to experience what good service should be.  Just sit in the restaurant for a few minutes and you will quickly notice how every customer in the place is on a first name basis with Sam. 
They have both a vegetarian and meat menu so its a great place for vegetarians to bring their meat eating friends and its also BYOB.  Highly recommended.My hubby and I got Golden Empress as take-out. He ordered wonton soup, which was tepid and mediocre, though his fried rice was good enough. I ordered moo shoo vegetable. Excited, because this is one of my favorite dishes, I hoped for, if not the best, at least pretty good. I got neither. The pancakes were more like tortillas that may have well been purchased at the Acme. The vegetables were not "vegetables" but rather "vegetable" (note singular). It was a big plate of I believe cabbage. Though cabbage is healthy and can be yummy, moo shoo is usually more than just cabbage. It was also barely cooked, crunching like potato chips. Disappointed. Never again.Just ordered from here through Postmates and I actually enjoyed their rice plate. I got chicken with mixed veggies spicy. The meat and veggies were very fresh and the food had the right amount of spice to it . The honey bbq ribs were great ! My children ate the sesame chicken and enjoyed all of it . The egg rolls were okay , not that great but the food overall A1 ! Will definitely order from them again.My new go-to spot for take out. Service is always fast and friendly. Portion size is large and prices are reasonable. Usually get sesame chicken and rice. Never greasy and tastes fresh. Plus you can play Jenga while you wait for your order :)I've been ordering/ going here for ten years.   It was great for years but the last two years it has really gone downhill.  My general tso chicken has turned slimey and the last time we ordered they took 58 minutes to deliver ten blocks.   Also they sent vegetable lo mein instead of vegetarian chicken lo mein the last TWO times.   I'm done.   I'm switching to rich city.    Heard good thingsThis place is disgusting, and far more so than I remember it being. Noon, and no other diners in the room with me, no food going out on the delivery bike (that's in the dinning room btw.) Vegan chicken with broccoli came with white rice when i asked for brown. Looks like hospital food. Tastes super bland. Scent of the deep fried spring roll I ordered makes me want to vom. Open kitchen and heard phlegm hacking sounds 4 times now. Never again, I'll get a pretzel from Wawa if i need to be cheap.Best vegetarian take out option south of South st. 
Staff has always been friendly, veggies look nice and fresh (most times). Meatless 'meat' is done right and spice is nice. When dining in, don't expect crazy ambience. It's just good when your craving it.I have only had take out from here, but the restaurant is very nice and clean. They have steamed healthier dishes with sauce on the side and the option for brown rice. I got the steamed chicken and broccoli with brown rice and steamed shrimp and mixed vegetables with brown rice. I've also had the General Tso's chicken w/ white meat non-breaded chicken, it was delicious.i think i found my favorite chinese restaurant in the city. i'm a big general tso fan (i know, it's not traditional chinese, whatev) and their tso is SO GOOD! i initially found this place searching on yelp for chinese that would deliver on new year's day. not only did they deliver alllllll the way to 6th and Snyder for free but they were punctual. food was hot and delicious! 
a few days later, friends and i went to the restaurant to dine-in. seems like everyone loves this place. food was delicious, per usual. i went with a vegetarian friend who enjoyed his meal as well. our server was very friendly but also anxious due to the amount of tables. they could use another server!
byob also a plus!Per my spouse because I do not eat Chinese food, spot is clean and food was average. They are on South St and have take out, dine in, and delivery. Beverages come in plastic bottles not cups. Venue is small. Only 7 tables and 1 unisex restroom.For your general American-geared Chinese food, this place rocks.  I'm not exactly sure how they deliver as fast as they do considering the laws of physics.  I swear, I place my order and then two minutes later they're ringing my doorbell.  And I get things I know aren't sitting around on a hotplate because I usually special order chicken, shrimp and mixed veggies in a light sauce.  Their house specials are good too.  Everything is really reasonably priced and they usually include cabbage, canned soda or peanut noodles 'on the house.'
For vegetarians and vegans, this place rocks--they have a whole menu of meat-free options made with various substitutes like wheat and soy.  I am a huge fan of the hot and sour soup--either veggie or meaty.  It's delicious.Ordered take-out on a Sunday night. They gave us a 45 minute wait estimate, it ended up taking an hour and 40 minutes. No apology, no discount given. The food was HORRIBLE. I was excited to order from there because they have so much vegetarian food, but it was a huge disappointment. The veggie "chicken" was inedible. The veggie wonton soup was edible but extremely mediocre. The dumplings were so chewy I couldn't even swallow them.  It didn't help that none of the food was hot. My bf's general tsos chicken was also disgusting, he barely ate any.
Will not be ordering from there again, needless to say.Best Chinese in Philadelphia! Hands down, everything is amazing whether you are a carnivore or a vegetarian it's all amazing. I've only eaten in a few times I mostly get delivery but when you eat in the portions are ginormous either come with a starved appetite or bring a friend and share.Average american-chinese food.  Maybe a bit better than average, but not worth it for those in search of a truly ethnic meal.I was really excited to see a 4 star rated Chinese spot on grubhub when I was craving Chinese food.  The local take out place near me is kind of suspect.  I ordered the Moo shu chicken hoping it would come with legit wrappers, but alas they were Mexican tortillas.  The portion of the chicken was huge and it came with rice.  I'll be eating it for the rest of the week.  No complaints about the quality.  I think this will be my go-to Chinese take out.This place is so good.  Miss the old employee who was the best friendliest guy with a huge smile on his face.  Place has great food. The atmosphere isn't that great but the food makes up for itWe've ordered from this restaurant multiple times and yes the food is great, but just now, 45 minutes after ordering their food through GrubHub, we get a call saying that our order has been cancelled. So my husband calls the restaurant asking why and they tell him it's because they are "too busy" . The least they could've done is called right away to notify us, not have GrubHub do it almost an hour later!!! We are furious!Ordered take out for basic general tso chicken and  crab Rangoon -  was terrible.  The chicken had a very strange inner texture and the outside was mush just falling right off of it.  Not to mention the sauce was gelatinous.  The employee are nice enough and the new location is very clean and nice but I just can't get over how terrible the food tasted.I try to keep it positive, but not here.
Likely the worst Chinese food I've ever eaten.
Ordered delivery and it took an hour and 10 minutes to arrive. Fine, it was a Saturday night, but I live 7 blocks away. 
The food: the breading to the sesame chicken was soggy and bloated from being contained in the package for 30 minutes. It was bland and had very minimal sauce.  What sauce it may have once had, had been reabsorbed back into the rice and chicken, which further made it soggy.  The dumplings were OK at best, but the dumpling sauce was half water, half.... I don't know.  The pork fried rice was the only thing that was half-decent.  
I will not be ordering from here again.This place has improved immensely.   They were a decent Chinese takeout place, especially for vegetarians.   I have celiacs disease and can't have gluten so for awhile couldn't have most Chinese food since they didn't understand what was safe and what wasn't.    They revamped the menu and added some curries and understand the gluten free concept.   This changed my whole ability to have Chinese food.    Just enjoyed some curry and it was very good.   Very impressed with this change and well done golden empress!I don't know if they use MSG but its the only reason I can think of for why my coworkers and I got so ill afterwards. I took two bites of my chicken fried rice and immediately felt dizzy and nauseous. I had a headache the rest of the day. 
Will not be going back.Staying near Independence Park while here from California.  I wanted some food after a long day of sight seeing. Ordered garlic chicken that came with white rice and a side of three egg rolls. Everything was very bland tasting. The garlic chicken had no hint of garlic to it. The egg rolls were basically veggies and bread like, no spice or flavor.  I paid $17 enough food for two. I ordered delivery straight off yelp which was convenient but the food was way too plain and flavorless. The food was delivered within an hour at 930 pm on Monday night and was hot when I got it delivered straight to my hotel room door.  I'm giving this 3 generous stars.. .I stored the number for this place in my cell phone as "Best Chinese Ever." 
That about sums it up. I don't eat meat, and the fact that 99% of the menu is available in fake-meat form is ridiculously ambitious. I started out with basic choices - lo mein, sweet & sour chicken, etc. Over time I have grown to love the Meatballs and Chicken Hunan Style. Try it, seriously worth the $9.50 or whatever it costs (big though). I have not ventured into the imitation seafood or duck categories. Someday, yelp, someday. Big ups to the Chinese Pizza and Dumplings, though.
Overall, a great, friendly place to eat in. Always roomy for a small place, always clean. The delivery experience is fast and pleasant. I never hesitate to tip well when the delivery guy on the bicycle arrives, and neither will you.
Most places + fake meat = creepy
Golden Empress = awesomeLook, let's just admit this place is really called "Sam's" and leave it at that.  Sam runs the joint, he knows you by your order when you call in to pick up, and he's always ready to talk about what's going on.  So yeah, this is The Sam's Golden Empress Garden Experience.
Personally, I've never actually sat down and eaten here, but I do always get delivery or take out.  Sam can make anything the way you like it, be it vegetarian or with meat.  The Szechuan wontons in hot oils are my absolute fave.  The rest is your standard Chinese goodness.  Never had a bad meal from here, although I will say if you order a bottle of beverage with your delivery order, they tend to forget it.  They've forgotten mine at least two or three times.  Yet Sam was the man and made up for it and comped me some sodas to make up for the missing deliveries.  Rockin'.
I knew it you!!!After a day of traumatizing weather conditions (I hate you, thunder that sets off car alarms everywhere), being called into work on my day off, and having gin poured down my throat before eating a bite of food... I needed some delicious chicken fried rice. Not from the frightening "we sell Chinese food AND candy" Chinese place, nor from the "our best feature is delivering your food... eventually" place.
"I will have none of that tonight," I said.
SO, we ordered: chicken fried rice, chicken lo mein, spring rolls and steamed dumplings. They verified our address about 8 times and the food arrived super fast.
The chicken fried rice contained peas (yay), onions, bean sprouts. Some places throw carrots and other nonsensical vegetables in. GEG knows better.
I pretty much inhaled the rest of the food, but my mouth + nose + stomach all seemed content so I'm gonna say it was fantastic.Usually, Golden Empress Garden of Golden Arboreal Delights Forever Back and Forth into Eternity is pretty consistent.  Don't expect too much and you will not be disappointed.  It's basically your standard American Chinese with a special vegetarian menu.
I've never had a great experience with them, I've had one lousy experience where they screwed up and delivered to the wrong place then gave me the cold food after I asked them not to, but the food doesn't make you hate life the next time you visit the restroom.Meh.
It's good, and it's convenient to my neighborhood, but there are MUCH better vegetarian chinese restaurants.  Sometimes the food seems a little soggy/the same no matter what dish you order.  I've definitely never had anything crunchy here, it's always that same ball of breaded wheat gluten or whatever.  I have eaten here several times, and I will eat here again, but only out of convenience.wonderful. Sam is the man. great service, great flavors, great protions, great prices. think i'll have some tonight actually.When I made the move to leave my Chinatown home of four years to reside in the lands of Society Hill/Queen Village/Headhouse Square, my residence is in neighborhood identity crisis I don't quite know where I am, I thought that my days of Chinese chow-down were over. Close by are neighborhood grease joints, the kinds of places that call themselves "Chinese American Takeout", but then there is Golden Empress, sweet sweet redemption. Just when I was about to give up all hope, I turned to my trusty Yelp app like a magic 8-ball and said "please, please show me a non-greasy Chinese alternative in the neighborhood"...and with that, Golden Empress appeared with its solid 4-star rating.
4-stars from me too? Yes I know it's just Chinese, but when you can order food that is not drowning in heavy gloppy MSG laden syrup sauces, has a full vegan friendly menu that can rival the menu for meat-eaters, and you can place your order through the Seamless app on your phone so your food is ready and paid for when you get out of work, you've got a combination of sheer excellence. My brother and I had a mutual love for chicken and brocolli from a small place back home in NJ that has closed in recent years, we have tried other places but nothing has come close to theirs, until now. In fact, after ordering and getting my dinner home, I had to alert him that I had found the only suitable replacement to date. Without being drenched in an awfully salty mess of sauce, this was a steamed/lightly sauced combination that has won my affections. Since that first win of an order, I have not found one thing to be a disappointment, from dumplings and hot and sour soup to fresh steamed veggies and one of my all time faves, the terriyaki tofu. Everything is cooked to order, always accurate and has become my new go-to in the 'hood. I have never seen this place packed, but I appreciate that because it probably means you're missing out on some of the best the neighborhood offers...if that's the case then keep it up, more for me.Just had the very best food at this wonderful restaurant.  The Bean Curd in curry sauce is excellent as well as the Buddhist delight in mixed vegetables.  This is the 2nd time dining here & will definitely return. They have a wide variety of vegetarian dishes & the service is great also.  Shi waited on us, again, & is very attentive & helpful in choosing the right dish.  Love it here!