I had the 70% cocao with slated caramel shake. It was so good. Not really a shake, as much as a drink really. So great! The red velvet cake is to die for! Fun place to come with friends for dessert and to hang out!So glad this great little dessert place is here!  It's a gem.
I haven't experimented much with the baked desserts because the chocolate drinks are so great.  Fabio loves chocolate and makes you love it too!  
Skip desserts whilst dining in nearby restaurants and enjoy some warm chocolate here instead.Great spot for after-dinner coffee, desert, and/or syrupy chocolate cocaine in a cup.
The cakes are OK, but the main event are the hot/cold chocolates.  They paint your teeth brown, making your inevitable grin after taking the first sip... a little awkward.  The hots are more consistent, but the cold are delicious too.  Either one is a meal by itself.  You probably don't need cake or anything with it.  My favorite is the Caffe' & Menta.  
4/5 for so-so seating area.  A bit sparse by coffee shop standards.  Still, a very unique place in Philly and one of my top-picks for taking out-of-towners.  Closed on Sundays, which is a bummer.  Friendly staff.Had the hot chocolate drink.  It strait tasted like it had been sitting in a crock pot too long and had that burnt chocolate taste...  For the very high price they charged for this drink I was expecting excellence and instead got mediocre...   My wife grabbed some treats to go, she had no complaints on the flavors of the things she bought.  
Biggest gripe was the  young girl behind the counter.  Not friendly at all, not inviting.  Was really put off that we just wanted to grab a few things to go...  Being that it was a Friday night and the place was EMPTY you'd expect the staff to take time to make you love the place, instead she acted like we were such a pain in her ass and we didn't belong there.I visited my brother in Royersford, PA and he suggested we do dinner and dessert in Philadelphia. We were excited to see that Golosa was opened late so we made the trip to the store for dessert. It was quaint and small, but there were five of us and we wanted to get some things to-go because we had a long drive back to our hotel. I can appreciate dining in would have added to the experience, but no need to make me feel uncouth about taking anything to-go and question if I was supposed to leave gratuity for him quickly mixing a very small and expensive chocolate drink and packing each dessert in individual and non-environmentally conservative boxes.
We bought the Moko, Cosimo and Red Velvet. It was clear that each dessert was carefully and artfully crafted and the flavor combinations were thoughtfully concocted, but nothing was extraordinary. I don't think we will go out of our way to visit the cafe, but if you're strolling in the neighborhood and there's only one or two of you, it would be a nice place to satisfy a sweet tooth if you're carrying cash.Even if Golosa hadn't been a part of the December Elite event I would still give them 5 shining stars. Their hot drinking chocolates are the bomb (did I really just say that?). They have 7 different varieties to choose from, including one with red chili pepper. You won't be disappointed (if you are, you are not human and therefore should be terminated immediately for your mysterious robot ways).
Golosa also has cakes and desserts like Tiramisu and Chocolate Creme Brulee. For a serious chocolate freak like myself, this place wins. Take your date here and expect to get some action later. It's that good.This guy knows his chocolate!!! Not for the faint of heart, or for the Hershey's-lover. This is real chocolate: rich, dark, bitter and delicious. Expensive but totally worth it.I like to frequent Golosa after a satisfying mean at Sabrina's or Little Fish.  The hot chocolate is melted down pure chocolate bliss.  The coffee takes me back to my time spent in Italy.  The red velvet cake is DIVINE,  the BEST you'll find in the city.  In fact, it may be the best cake in the city.  Where it comes from is a secret . Order a macchiato to accompany it.  I love the wide array of infused herb chocolates.  Fabio is very friendly and accommodating.  The decor could be a little darker and intimate in my opinion, but it's comfortable.  I think it'd do better in another neighborhood, not that I want it to leave mine, but I'd like the rest of the city to know how good it is!Just go there. Dont order a drink that you arent sure you will like, and then complain about it. Go with a sure choice and I guarantee you will love it.The amaretto hot chocolate is superb: incredibly rich with just the right hint of bitterness so that it's not cloyingly sweet.  Pair it with the red velvet cake and I assure you that any chocoholic/dessert fanatic's craving will be assuaged.  Just don't drink the hot chocolate too quickly.I want to like this place but I worry for them.  We came last night around 10 and you'd think that there would be a number of after-dinner parties there but we were the only ones.
It's difficult for me to evaluate their products very well because all I got was the two flavors of gelato + two chocolate truffles (passion fruit and cardamom/coffee bean).  Turns out they get their gelato from Capogiro (I learned this after ordering).  It's good gelato (and it wasn't freezer burned--yay!), but I've had it already at actual Capogiro stores and paid less.  My dining mates also got tea, which I opted out of due to the expense ($4.25) but it was good tea indeed.
What's most annoying, as others have observed, is that they're out of a bunch of stuff.  There were just two small cakes and one other smaller dessert that looked very lonely in the glass display case.  I would have gotten the flourless chocolate cake (or whatever that option was--I believe it also had mousse) if that wasn't crossed out on the menu.  So yeah, we got these menus and there was all this stuff crossed out on them.  Lame.  Here we come back to my original worry.  Does anyone really come here?  If they don't I guess it doesn't make sense to be fully stocked.  The location, while convenient, could be problematic.  It's easy to miss.  My sister lives at 2nd and South (and has lived in Philly for five years) and never heard of the place.  I only saw it by chance while walking up Passyunk.
I plan to return and sample their drinking chocolate.  They have a wide variety of flavors and I'm hopeful that they offer a better alternative to the wildly overpriced offerings of RIM.
The ambience is nice.  Very modern, low key, and they were playing some chill trance-y music that was suitable for late evening.After a ho-hum meal at Cochon we were hunting down a place for dessert when we noticed Golosa was right across the street. The 3C Hot Drink was spectacular...the cakes we had were spectacular...the chocolates we had were spectacular. Golosa turned an average night into an experience worth driving for. Thanks, Golosa!How have I lived in this neighborhood for a whole 5 months and not thought to try out Golosa?!
I actually remembered this location as it's predecessor "Dessert", but was happy to see that it was still there as a dessert cafe. It's maybe a little dangerous now that I know there's a Naked Chocolate type place only a few blocks from home. Their sipping chocolates were delicious; we had the 56% and the Speziata. I might recommend sharing a drink if you're going to get a dessert as well because the portions were generous; I'm a big chocoholic and couldn't finish mine! We also got a slice of red velvet cake, which was rich but not too heavy, and the cream cheese icing was just right. I really wanted to try the balsamic vinegar truffle, but I was full into an insulin shock/sugar rush headache and needed to save something for next time =PWe walked in a bit after 10pm.  At first we were totally ignored by the staff.  Then, when we finally got the young lady's attention, she asked, "can I get you something to go?"  And we were like, no thank you, we'd like a table.  She said nothing and just pointed to one table near the front.  Okay, so, we could tell from the beginning that she was not happy to have another table, she was trying to get people out of there, yet it wasn't yet 45 minutes until the posted closing time.
If you go to a chocolate bar, you expect to open the door and be hit with the heavenly, exotic, heady aroma.  This place smelled very strongly of Lysol or some other industrial cleaner.  This made for a horrible experience.  This is a cafe where you expect to savor every slowly melting dense chocolaty moment.  This cleaner smell killed the experience.
That said, the salty chocolate tart was good.  The gelato was delicious, the best dark chocolate gelato I've had.  The cappuccino was fine.
As we were enjoying ourselves, the waitress came over and quickly snatched up our dishes, without asking, before we were entirely done, in as bitchy a manner as is possible to imagine.  Maybe I *do* like to scrape the last few bits of chocolate off the plate, thank you.  Keep in mind that there were two other parties larger than ours still in the place; one of the people running the place was sitting down and chatting with one of those parties, presumably friends of his.  In short, the service was abysmally bad, largely due to the attitude of this one waitress.
I love the concept.  It's the chocolate.  This should be a great place to take a date, especially if you're looking for something late-night and alcohol-free.  But work on the service, okay?  It's a huge component of the experience in a place like this.Super innovative and interesting desserts - e.g. drinkable chocolate infused with cardamom and sea salt. Neat little setting in the neighborhood. Perfect ending to pair with one of the nearby BYOs. Also - you can bring your own desserty booze and they'll mix it with their chocolate drinks.This place saved the night after a not-so-good dinner at the Baja Room. The boyfriend and I both walk by this place daily and have always wanted to give it a try because of the oh so enticing "Chocolate Shakes" sign.  I wanted a nice cup of coffee and dessert; he was itching to try out a shakes.
As soon as we walked into the small space, I was happy. The place is painted with light, warm chocolaty colors and jazz music was playing in the background.  I walked up to glance inside the glass refrigerator, and I quickly realized that these are people who take chocolate very seriously.  
When it comes to chocolates, I think the Take 5 Bar is king, so I was little intimidated since all we wanted was a simple chocolate shake, maybe a piece of cake and coffee.  But, our waitress was kind and patient, and I immediately felt at ease.
I ended up getting the first thing that looked good to me. I can't remember what it was called, but it kind of looked like tiramisu. It was moist and layered will all kinds of goodness and a little chocolate bean at the top. Also, the cup of Americano I had with it was perfect. My boyfriend got the 56% Dark Chocolate shake which came in this cool, slanted cup. We gobbled up every little crumb & every little sip of our dessert. 
This place has got me hooked. Of course, I will have to go on Gym days. But I'm looking forward to trying out their Salty Carmel Chocolate shake, chocolate cake and other chocolates that I can't pronounce the names of.Excellent but very upscale wonderland boutique of chocolate. The chocolate drinks are kinda insane, in a good bot OMG way.Took my 7 year old to Golosa as part of Dining with Friends - her school's program.  We are so glad Golosa participated.  The red velvet cake and hot 56% chocolate with "shaken cream" on top were divine.  
DD loved the red velvet cake so much we got a slice to go for tomorrow.
She also got a blood orange chocolate (truffle?) for $2.00.
We also tasted 4 different cookies ($4.00) and we liked the corn meal and cocoa sable the best.
An elegant, pricey, caloric, indulgence.
Worth it!
Love it here.
Cash only.Great intimate dessert bar.  The Vanilla Carmel Chocolate Tart oozes yummy with Carmel pouring out off the center when you pull it apart.   I paired it with the Beer Stout Gelato which was incredible!   I've been here twice and the gelato seems to stand out each time.   I would high recommend this place for the gelato if not anything else.
My only quarrel with this place is that it's cash only.  The nearest ATM is not that near.  Prices are slightly above average but if the desserts wows you then I suppose it's worth it.    =]We found out about this place when they were serving drinking chocolate at a Yelp Elite event. 
It's a super cute little place that's easy to drive by if you don't know it's there. However, I recommend you go out, find it and enjoy.  They have awesome drinking chocolate.  And the night we were there they had Dark Chocolate infused with Shiraz. Oh my, it was fabulous. 
Perfect place for a chocolate lover to go for dessert, or even make it dinner.Worth a trip to Phila.  A small, intimate Italian chocolate bar with intensely chocolate dishes -- gelato, cold shakes (with 56% or 70% chocolate), cakes, or truffles from Florence, Italy.  The chocolate is dark and incredibly intense.  I had the gelato (chocolate and mango) and others had a cake.  Absolutely wonderful -- writing this review makes me want to get in my car and drive back for another visit.I live so close to this place it's insane how I've never been here before. 
My friends and I really enjoyed the relaxing/quiet atmosphere and delicious desserts at Golosa tonight. 
Golosi (hot chocolate) - warm dark chocolate and a cool layer of shaken cream were amazing and blended very well. I kinda wished the chocolate was little hotter but it was still awesome. 
Chocolate cake with pistachio icing - Pistachio flavor did not overpower the overall taste and worked well with hot chocolate. 
My friends ordered :: gelato, red velvet cake, spicy hot chocolate, etc... and we all enjoyed it. 
I guess it can be somewhat pricey for a bunch of desserts but i wouldn't mind this once-in-awhile treat for a good company. =)This place has the best chocolates!!! They utilize local ingredients for the most part, from what I understand, and they will tell you all about each chocolate if you ask. I stop here for a truffle every now and then and have always been very happy, even though it is a bit pricey, the chocolate is worth every penny.
The service isn't that bad, as everyone seems to want someone who is gushing over them, while I prefer to just ask if I need something and otherwise be left alone- especially in such a small environment. The best way to be completely satisfied is to just get your chocolates to go!
I've had the gelato and it is always amazing, too. I have yet to try the hot chocolate though- will definitely give it a whirl next time I'm in. 
As others have stated, this place is cash-only. Also, it's BYOB, so bring on the frangelica!I had a bad experience at Golosa and expressed that in my last review, but since then, the owner reached out to me and expressed his concern and change. It seems like the service picked back up and it would be a place I'd frequent again if in South Philly. I do love chocolate....Can't remember the chocolates I sampled, but I do remember they were delicious! Small, intimate place. When I was there (about 2 or 3 years ago) they only accepted cash, so be prepared. Nice date place and/or girlfriend hang :)I love this place! It was my very first chocolatier experience and I was very impressed. I had never heard of sipping chocolates and neither had the two gentlemen I dragged along with me. I got the sipping chocolate with cream on top which helped to cut the richness a little and the guys got it without. Both ways were delicious but with cream is a somewhat lighter version. None of us could finish the petite drinks...next time I'm asking for a to-go cup. :)
I would have given this place 5 stars if it wasn't so difficult to find parking! We went around 1030 at night and drove around for about 20 minutes looking for parking. Maybe we just weren't in the know being out of towners, but my guys almost gave up on Golosa completely because of the parking situation. Luckily, I talked them into looking just a little bit more and we found some parking in, well, let's just say it wasn't the nicest part of town.
I will go back every time I'm in Philadelphia if I can.Rave: Red Velvet Cake.
Get this. 
The cake is dense and moist...it's so thick it's like twice the density of any standard cake, with twice the red velvet flavor (meaning it's red with hints of cacao) and is perfectly moist to boot. 
The cream cheese frosting is decidedly velvety and smooth. It's sweeter on the outside of the cake than it is for the cream cheese streak running through the cake's center. This is how frosting is supposed to be layered. The inner strip is more cream cheese than sugar; the outer is more cream and sugar than (cream) cheese.
ProTip: Serve this red velvet cake with some dark chocolate gelato to whomever you're trying to impress, and it's guaranteed that this slice of sybaritic scrumptiousness will ensure giant smiles and probably some smooches along the way.As someone who typically does not like chocolate or sweets, Golosa is the perfect match for an after dinner sweet digestif after a meal that doesn't overwhelm.
The menu is broadly defined by various shakes and hot chocolates that remain constant along with a small selection of freshly made pastries and cakes available.  I tried the coconut/75% cocoa shake and was not disappointed!  It had the consistency of cake batter, was rich and, obviously, quite fresh.  Since I rarely get sweets, the size of the shake and its density was a little overwhelming, so I could not completely finish it, but a typical person probably could.
I was impressed with the cute decor, the folksy atmosphere, the friendly staff, and the made-to-order shakes that, for $6 or so, are fresh, vibrant in flavor, and satisfying as a more adult dessert.  
I'd very much recommend this after a dinner date or for a quiet place to talk and enjoy something sweet.  High up on my list!Disclaimer: I do not like chocolate. BUT, I do like red velvet cake.
RED VELVET CAKE, RED VELVET CAKE, RED VELVET CAKE; YUM, YUM, YUM! Moist, rich, sweet (but not too sweet), but with a distinct taste of coco.
In addition the gelato I tired was also really tasty. Great service, cosy atmosphere, but a bit cramped. Warning: CASH ONLY.What the Frig?!   What?  WHAT?!  Why is this place so wonderful? 
I came for last night's chocolate tasting.  It was the single most satisfying dinning experience of my life.  I will do my best to describe the love affair that is Golosa. 
We had made an early reservation, 6:30, but by the time we got there Boyfriend had decided that he wanted to eat real dinner first.  (And he was the one who wanted the early reservation.  Boys.  I'll tell ya.)   So I asked Fabio (who is to the world of chocolate what the other Fabio is to I Can't Believe It's Not Butter) if we could change our reservation to a bit later.  He did some figuring and told me he'd be able to get us in around 8:00.  Very accommodating.  So off to the Royal Tavern we went to get our bellies good and stretched for dessert. 
As a side note, the female server with the gorgeous earrings told us that while they always take reservations, they generally aren't required.  Most of their business is walk in, but for special events reservations are needed to help keep order at the diminutive restaurant.
We came back to a packed dessert lounge at 8, and after a few minutes, we sat down.  Then the magic began.  First came the complimentary wine, which I handed over to Boyfriend after trying a small sip and confirming that I still hate wine.  He assured me it was good though.  Then came the chocolates.  Heavens to Betty!  (See what I did there?  I feel that's an appropriate modification in the world of Philadelphia desserts.)  What an array of flavors!  From the subtle olive oil and sea salt to the explosive blue cheese and tellicherry pepper (which made Boyfriend thoughtfully aver "This may be the greatest thing I've ever put in my mouth"), delicious chocolate things were happening!  The drunken plum and 12 years aged balsamic vinegar were my favorites.  And while most of the above listed chocolate combinations sound a little horrifying, believe me, they were absolutely beautiful.  This was followed by two of the finest shots of drinking chocolate that have ever crossed my lips.  Incredibly thick, rich, dark chocolate melted down and accented with cardamom and white pepper and amaretto extract. 
The really wonderful thing was after we left, for the rest of the night, I was completely and totally satisfied in a way that I have never been from food.  I was just hanging out, really happy and full of chocolate.  I almost felt like I was still sipping on that drinking chocolate for a few hours later. 
This place is kind of easy to walk past, but take note of it's location.  Stop by with the girls or bring a date and learn how sexy chocolate can be.I like the gimmick, I do really. Their drinks weren't horrible, but they were astounding either. With that said, service was quite horrible. We were a table of 5. When we got there, it was full, so we waited. We finally got a table, and people started to clear out, leaving 2 other tables. Our waitress was actually pretty rude. She seemed very impatient with us and obviously since it's our first time, we would need some explanation or recommendation. 
3C was good, but at the price of $6.50 - i was very disappointed. It was just a 2 oz drink, and I believe 1 oz was my OWN spiced rum. The chai tea was cute and ok, but they made it wrong it seemed. The flavors were not infusing correctly so it felt a little separated. 
Gelato was not fancy at all. What was worse was that it was ordered and I guess they ran out of whip cream, so they kept trying with that last can. It came out runny and well... sloppy. 
I'm a sucker for gimmicks... and I guess because of that, I get bad quality food and service. Serves me right huh?I couldn't believe how amazing their desserts were. also their drinking chocolate is so good. i was first introduced to drinking chocolate in Salt Lake City, and since then i make an effort to get it whenever possible where ever possible.
the owner is very friendly and knowledgeable.
i love coming here.... on my death bed, i ask only one thing, and that's a cup of drinking chocolate from Golosa... the end..After a delicious late lunch at the new Paesano's @ the Italian Market I had a craving for chocolate. We headed over to Golosa to try them out. Unfortunately we showed up 5 minutes before they opened. That wasn't a problem. The friendly owner was there setting up and let us in and took our orders. 
I had the salata speziata (70% chocolate with vanilla, cinnamon,
hot chili pepper, salt) and my friend had espresso. 
The salata speziata puts the aztec hot chocolate at Naked Chocolate to shame. It's amazing. The coffee was also top notch.i can't say enough about this place. it feels like my own private slice of heaven, which is a mixed blessing - i'm always shocked that it's not jam-packed. 
the owner is a true chocolate aficionado, and seems to take such delight in sharing his love. i've tried almost every chocolate there (olive oil truffle?!?! amazing!!), as well as many of the carefully selected cakes. add in the capogiro gelato, and there are no words to describe the perfection. 
and did i mention Golosa is a BYOB?  there is an espresso machine as well, and simply nothing better than settling into this place for dessert with a bottle of baileys for your coffee....
i would live here if i could. seriously, bravo.My fiance and I came here after dinner a couple of weeks ago looking for some hot chocolate, and this place delivers. It was pretty disappointingly quiet for a Friday night, as they had some of the best hot chocolate I've ever tasted. The environment was very casual and the desk attendant was incredibly prompt and courteous for just the two of us being in the store. The cinnamon hot chocolate was particularly good.Easily the best hot/cold chocolate you've ever had. Oh and the red velvet isn't half bad.Dear Golosa,
You're still my favorite indulgence for post light supper and pre-intimacy.   Your flourless chocolate cake with a peanut butter grenache is to swoon over.  What dessert of yours has not whisked me away on a dreamboat?  Your sweetness hath turned haters into lovers.  And on these hot evenings, your chocolate shakes are a welcome chiller.
lots of love,
JuneI bought a Groupon for this local chocolate bar, but when I went to redeem it we received some awkward service. The server was not engaging and seemed like she needed some espresso to pep up. While the chocolate is good, I didn't want to hang out at the shop. So I asked to get my drinking chocolate to go. That was a definite NO, but I could take a cold drinking chocolate to go...
Chocolate good. Service bad. I won't go out of my way for this chocolatier.Chocolate heaven on earth.
I never would have thought to have a chocolatier in a neighborhood spot, but this place fantastic for afterdinner dining (does that even make sense?)
Lovely selections and an intimate setting. I highly recommend checking it out on your next late night stroll.This place totally saved my reputation as a savvy restaurant picker.  My sister came to town and after a fairly disappointing meal nearby, we happened into this place.  
It was quiet and unassuming.  It was packed, which wasn't hard given that the place is tiny.  The man ( I'm guessing the famed Fabio?) left us alone and guided our chocolate choices expertly.  No matter how bizarre they sounded saffron? olive oil? they were delicious as was the cake and the chocolate dipping sauce.  
The melting chocolate spoons were cool and my sister was blown away, more than once we compared it to Willy Wonka's factory.  I highly recommend this place for anyone needing a pick me up or a reputation saver!Golosa is as good as it gets for a chocolate bar. I have tried others but none come close to the amazing taste of the drinking chocolates at Golosa. Also their cakes are phenomenal and I never had a piece of cake that wasn't delicious. They also have some gelato and even though there selection isn't huge the gelato flavors they have are great. We go to Golosa at least once a week and sometimes get something to go.My fiancé and I randomly stumbled upon this place after having dinner at Little Fish on Friday night. Instantly became one of our favorite places in the city. It's a byob dessert bar. The owner greeted us at the door and took about 5 minutes to explain the concept of his place and gave us a tour of the menu. The options are plentiful, including different types of cakes, cookies, and gelato. We ordered the tiramisu and a plate that came with 5 types of cookies/biscottis and 2 orders of gelato, one coconut and one chocolate. Everything was simply amazing. The owner also brought us 2 hot chocolate shots on the house. You can also bring your own bottle of liquor (whiskey, rum, tequila, etc.) and they will make you different mixed dessert drinks. Looking forward to coming back.I can't remember the exact name of what I had but it was some sort of chocolately heaven with angels and unicorns and everything that is good in life. Moral of the story, I will definitely be back for more!I love this place -- great after dinner spot for a espresso and desert.  I have been about 3-4 times, always solid.  I've tried the chocolate served by the piece, we let the server recommend a handful and they were all outstanding.  
I also tried the chocolate desert with the peanut butter mousse -- great as well.  Anyone looking for a chill after dinner spot, definitely give this a try!I was visiting Philly after years and thought my cousins and I could go to a "chocolate bar" since none of us have ever been. We were all fairly disappointed as we were expecting much more because of the previous yelp reviews. The atmosphere is pretty much the same as starbucks and is expensive. The only item I enjoyed was the red velvet cake! It was so delicious!!! Very moist and not too sweet. Their chocolate martini's in my opinion are way too strong, as well as their mint drinks.I had the chocolate tart which was filled with caramel and topped with chocolate ganache and a little sea salt and a side of lavendar gelato..can you say YUMMMY!!!!! 
Awesome place, fabulous chocolate, chill, unpretentious atmosphere, great service and delicious gelato that is on par with capigiro....what more can you ask for?  OH and its a byob...it really doesn't get better than this.
I will gladly skip dinner for dessert from this spot any day!I am only giving this place a 1 star only because I was not able to try anything which was disappointing. My husband and I walked in on a Saturday night at 10pm. No one really greeted us or seemed eager to seat us. Before we sat down we asked one of the servers if they accepted credit cards and she said no and directed us to the "nearest" ATM which according to her was on 6th and Bainbridge. That was a good 5 blocks away and we walked it only to find no ATM. We ended up walking all the way to South street to find an ATM. We walked back to Golosa and by this time it was 10:40. There where a few people already seated and eating some pretty tasty looking treats that I couldn't wait to try. Again, no one seated us so we just sat ourselves only to see this guy rush out from behind the counter and tell us that they are closed and if we wanted something we had to take it to go. By this time I was HIGHLY upset so we just walked out. If you are getting ready to close, please dint send me on a mission. You might want to let people know that before you send them off searching for an ATM!Chocolate heaven! The hot chocolate takes your breath away with the richness it has to offer. The consistency of the gelato so fantastic; light and creamy, just what you want your dessert to be like. I love how the biscotti and chocolate spread was presented, the chilly in the spread was a snarky sweet surprise. Can't wait to come back again!I feel really bad but I was expecting a bit more. It's definitely a cute after-dinner hangout with friends or on a date. I think I counted about six tables in all. The menu looked incredible. If you love rich chocolate this place is for you. I tried the red velvet cake. It looked delicious! My only complaint was that it was too cold from the fridge and didn't taste fresh. I understand cake cannot be left out all day but I hate when it is chilled because it takes away from the flavor. My fiancee tried a chocolate drink which was a little too rich for our taste buds. Like I said before, if you are a chocolate freak, try this place. I guess my taste is a little to dull for the eclectic flavors here.Well it seems this chocolate bar is not for everyone as every has different tastes. To those who did not like it, I can only say that you are very uneducated to the REAL Italian concept of our way of chocolate.  For us Italians, this chocolate can not be any better! (For those seeking ethnic foods, seek out what flavors they adore, and then you can really enjoy your food!)
I will always recommend this place to lovers, lovers of chocolate, and lovers of the Stile Italiano!
Grazie, Fabio! Sei un genio!So, Golosa is a little strange, but worth checking out once.  It gets crowded on the weekend, but we ended up being able to snag the couch against the side wall, which was nice and comfy.  Knowing that it was BYOB, we brought some vodka and asked the girl for her recommendation of a pairing.  She suggested that we let her "make up" a new beverage that included some of her favorite flavors.  This was a big mistake, because her concoction was pretty foul.  Good thing we diversified our risk and ordered a hot chocolate as well--that was the saving grace.  Although, it wasn't mind-blowing enough for me to want to make the trip out to Bella Vista again.As a fat girl, I want chocolate all the time. Dip me in chocolate. Serve me a chocolate manwich. Rethink the sequence from Flashdance, replacing water with chocolate you can release with the yank of a glistening chain. Really I'll take it any way, early and often, and all through the night.
What I won't take, however, is a chocolate store that is bereft of almost any signs of said product.
Outside: cute.
Inside: cuter!
And yet ... strangely empty, save for:
- A tiny glass case half-filled with an uneven assortment of individual chocolates. Uneven, because many of the flavors are missing, and of those that are there, you may find one or two left. You will not be surprised to hear that only the ones I really want remain out of stock, and we're talking several flavors. Of the dozen or so I've tried, all were of fine quality. I was especially pleased to find that most do not contain alcohol. (Booze in chocolate is a personal pet peeve.)
- A small glass cold case, containing two unremarkable looking cakes.  On one visit I got a slice of some phosphorescent green-iced chocolate cake to take home. It was dry and stale, with tough buttercream icing you tug off with your teeth like a dog. The green was allegedly pistachio flavor, but that flavor was set at undetectable levels - so, I missed it.
- A few chocolate bars hiding toward the back. I found myself mesmerized by some with particularly unusual and pretty packaging. At which point I was informed that these were purely for decoration.
The guy who runs this place seems really, really, REALLY nice, but it doesn't make up for the lack of ... chocolate!
I guess this would all be fine if it were a chocolate shop and not a 'dessert lounge'. Pop in, buy a bar, and leave. But it *is* a lounge, and as such, it has almost nothing to buy, nothing to eat, and nothing to offer.Came here on a Saturday night, ordered red velvet cake, two truffles, and a cup of Golosi hot chocolate.
The Good: The chocolate is delicious! Our drinking chocolate was perfect, thick and topped with cream. The red velvet cake was incredible as well, cocoa-y and sweet (but not too sweet). The light buttercream frosting was a perfect complement to the dense, moist cake. I don't think I have ever enjoyed a simple slice of cake so much! Our truffles were rosemary & salt and 12-year aged balsamic vinegar (we were feeling adventurous). The rosemary was a clear winner here, mildly sweet with a pleasant aftertaste. The vinegar truffle was surprisingly good as well, and the smooth chocolate brought out the flavor of the vinegar instead of the "bite".
The Bad: Call it intimate if you like, but the place is really tiny! If all the seats are taken then I guess you are SOL. I would have liked the drinking chocolate to be served a little hotter, it was almost lukewarm. Golosa definitely embraces the quality-over-quantity mentality. Even so, the prices are a bit too enthusiastic and the portions a bit too dainty, if you ask me. But let's face it, your taste buds probably won't care when they are taking a bath in chocolate.The drinking chocolate was pretty good, but I thought it was a bit overpriced. The burnt sugar gelato that accompanied it was delicious, it was from Capogiro Gelato. We also had the red velvet cake, which was decent. This place takes cash only, but there is an ATM across the street. The place has a nice intimate vibe with warm lighting.Came here on a Saturday night and the place was deserted which is a shame. This spot is classy!!  They have a few different desserts, some chocolate truffles for sale & hot or cold chocolate drinks.  
I came here for chocolate drinks with my bf after dinner, and it was awesome.  The lady working here was nice but mostly left us alone.  He had a sort of spicy chocolate coffee mix,,which was really good. I had a 70% coco salt caramel drink.  It was delicious and SO THICK.  You can bring your own hard liquor here and have them mix it in your chocolate drink--I think the 70% coco drinks would be GREAT for that.  If I lived in Philly I'd be here on the reg!I am normally not a proponent of chain restaurants because inevitably the quality of offerings and service and the overall appeal goes down. However if Golosa was to become a chain and the quality was cut in half, it would STILL be my favorite dessert bar ever. That is how amazing this place is. I want one in every city I visit. :)
I held a bridal shower here at this lovely intimate chocolate dessert cafe and I am so happy I did!
The chocolate truffles are incredible. I am not normally a daring truffle eater. I tend to stick with chocolate or caramel. Everything else gets bitten into then put back into the box. However at Golosa my palette didn't know what to make of the eclectic array of options. Balsamic vinegar? Olive Oil? Rosemary? What had I gotten myself into?
Heaven. That's what. I'd found heaven in a truffle... okay I'd found heaven in seven truffles. 
And a piece of red velvet cake. What can I say?! I have sweet teeth! The red velvet cake was honestly the best I've ever had. 
Go for the truffles, stay for the red velvet cake and perhaps more truffles. Wash everything down with a glass of Cardamomo & Pepe Bianco. 
The owner Fabio is the absolute best! He was wonderful to work with. I highly recommend Golosa for your next special event!  
The menu is seasonal so go back and go often. I cannot wait for my next trip to Philly so I can pay a visit to my new favorite dessert bar.Stopped in here the other night after dinner at Radicchios and were so pleasantly surprised with this off the beaten path haven. We shared an amazing dessert (the name escapes me... it was sort of like tiramisu) and each got an espresso drink. My latte was generously sized and the perfect blend of espresso and milk. 
I can't wait to go back some other time to try more of the menu!This place is truly awesome.  Been there a few times now, and went last night for their new chocolate tasting event.  The cafe is intimate and beautiful.  Fabio, the proprietor, is an expert on and truly loves chocolate.  And the chocolate themselves are beyond amazing.  A great place to go by yourself for some chocolate and an espresso, or a great place to bring a date.(TRUST) 
What can I say about Golosa, this place is amazing! I had a surprise bridal shower for my best friend in May. I did not know anything about Golosa prior to the shower. After finding on yelp.com, I set an appointment to meet with the one an only Fabio (owner)! He was very helpful and knowledgeable about the chocolate that were imported and what chocolate will be best for the occasion. Since my best friend (bride to be) lives in Philly, and I live in NY one could only trust and have faith that all would work together for the bride to be and guests.  
(TIME MANAGEMENT)
After planning with Fabio, and two of the bride to be closest family and friend, the day arrived. Fabio open the lounge early just for us and added an extended hour to the event. Since this was a private party and cutting into regular business hours, which is 5pm-11pm, Fabio allotted us additional time, versus opening the doors for regular business once the bridal shower ended. The Bridal Shower started 2:30pm and finished at 6pm with an additional hour to clean. 
(INEXPENSIVE)
Golosa Chocolate Bar & Dessert Lounge definitely worked well within the budget. (Includes - Space Rental, Chocolate dessert, & Chocolate drink 20-25ppl) 
(ACCOMODATION)
BYOB- Bring Your Own Bag 
The best part!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
(QUAINT & COZY)
All in all, we had a blast! The Bride to be was surprise! The guests were pleased. The games were fun. 
Great Space for great events!
Parking (Tough, but you will find a space) 
This should not stop you from having your next event at GCB&D.
I would recommend this to anyone!!!!!!Catching up on reviews from past visits...Golosa's chocolate drinks are special and worth a stop when in Philly. Try the Cardamamo e Pepe Bianco (cardamom & white pepper). Think hot coco chai.I just held my sister's baby shower at this place. To say it was a fantastic venue is an understatement. All of my guests raved about the place--delicious, elegant, and intimate. Their chocolates drinks are decadent (try the chocolate drink with cardamom and white pepper). And their desserts and chocolates are phenomenal (I highly recommend the red velvet cake!!!). I had many out-of-town guests at this event and everyone complimented me on how cool and completely "different" this place was. It is a true gem of a place. 
But the main reason I chose to have my event here is because of Fabio, the owner. I had initially thought of holding the event at Naked Chocolate but after one conversation with Fabio, I knew that I had to do it here. He was so accommodating, passionate, and personalable, that I felt I was planning my event with a friend. Fabio closed the restaurant for our event so it really felt intimate--almost like we were having it in Fabio's living room. 
If you are looking for a completely "different" and cool venue to have an event, I strongly encourage you to think about Golosa. Fabio is FABULOUS. I promise you won't regret it. His prices are completely reasonable and on top of that it is a BYOB. What could be better! 
This venue would be perfect for engagement, birthday, and valentines parties as well as baby and bridal showers.Oh. My. Godiva. After reading so many good reviews, I had to experience this place for myself. So glad I did!
We celebrated a birthday here, sweet style, first-time guests. The outside is unpretentious- and once you nestle yourself in a comfy chair and get passed the owner Fabio's welcoming Italian accent, the inside is really very cozy and alluring. It gets a little crowded, but the atmosphere yields a very intimate setting for a romantic date, girlfriend chatter, mother and daughter bonding or a casual meeting.  It's also a BYOB establishment- and though I haven't tried it yet, evidently you can bring your own booze and chocolatier fairies in the back creates their own spin on it- all for your enjoyment. 
Our favorite was the drinking chocolate. Had the Golosi (cream and chocolate) and the infamous chili and chocolate drink. Allow me to prepare you by saying that one cup (about 6 or 7 oz) would suffice for one person... perhaps two and not due to size but quality and share factor- and is enough to last about 45 minutes. If you are inclined to savor, only sip sparingly to cherish the taste (a rich one at that) and experience your company. They also carry red velvet, pistachio and other cakes, as well as unique blended chocolates (all imported from Italy)- but I would recommend that if consuming one of those to accompany the dessert with some tea (otherwise drinking chocolate and dessert would be quite an overload). Golosa has a good variety. I recommend the Moroccan mint, but the flowering teas are enticing and the whole place overall is a chocolate/dessert parade of oooo's and aaaaa's.
They only accept cash, and are only open 5 days a week (Tues. - Sat. 5-11pm) so it's pretty exclusive. Settled in a quiet part of the Italian district, it's the perfect stop after a good meal or to have that periodic indulgence. Definitely want to get the word out to popularize this quaint little shop, while not wanting to spoil one of Philly's last little treasures... however if you decide to make this your own discovery be assured- it will be a sweet success.I am so sad that Golosa is closed. 
We enjoyed European hot chocolates and Italian chocolate candies here long before they became a popular trend at Naked Chocolate and Philly Chocolate. (which are both now defunct). We kept saying that we would come back, but sadly never found the time.The drinking chocolate was just as indulgently fantastic as its name suggested.  The red velvet cake and burnt sugar gelato were perfectly sweet, rich and dense/smooth.  Even the server with chronic bitchface (she asked us how we were doing, but nodded and turned around before we got a chance to answer) did nothing to ruin our appetites, or our desire to go here again.My husband and I have been to Golosa a few times and once got some cake to go.  The drinking chocolates are amazing, especially the one with chili in it.  The cakes always look delicious and taste as good as they look. Try the chocolate cake with lavender icing. 
The ambiance leaves a bit to be desired - it's brightly lit and doesn't have super comfy furniture.  I guess I expected more of a romantic atmosphere for a dessert lounge.  but I can live with that if it means amazing chocolate.Husband loved this place enough to come again the next day on our very brief trip into Philly. 
The first time we got a cookie sampler with dipping chocolate, and we chose the dipping chocolate with chili in it. It was sooo good! The cookies were good on their own, but the chocolate dipping sauce is what takes the cake! It was very sweet and had a thick chocolately taste, and just when you wanted to lick your lips that had a dab of chocolate left, the chili would remind you it was there! 
The next day we came back to slowly sip on hot chocolate drinks. These chocolate drinks are VERY rich, and it would have been better if we shared them rather than got one for each of us. He got another chili chocolate, and I got the orange chocolate drink. Mine was definitely more thick and rich, and tasted like they took a chocolate orange ball and melted it down for my enjoyment. His was also very good, not as thick, but had that perfect chili kick. We also had a pumpkin cheesecake. It was good, but nothing much to write home about, especially after everything else I've had there. 
Come again? YES!The red velvet cake with some dark chocolate gelato on the side leaves nothing to be desired.