Today was my first time here, it's so close to where I live, how could I not be tempted by the free birthday milkshake offer, which I found out about only on Yelp!  Thank you, fellow Yelpers!!!  I had a delicious salted caramel milkshake because they were out of birthday shakes.  This is delicious, extra super thick and creamy!  The whipped cream tops it off, a truly delightful experience. They have lots of burgers at reasonable prices, I am sure they are yummy.  I'll be back for one of those!At my first visit it was a bit confusing on how they set up their menu. I got the farmhouse bacon cheese burger with fries and a drink. The staff was phenomenal. The burger was really juicy and just how i liked it. Only thing was wrong was how oliy the burger was and fries. They were way to salty for my taste I couldn't eat it all and end up throwing not even half of it away. Yes i know it was sea salt it was just too much sea salt.Burger was okay but fries taste bad .take too long get my food and girl work in the register was very unprofessional.Jive eatery, I've been there three times and have yet to be served, the help was so into the music that they forgot about taking orders, or service. If you want jive music and a dancing women in headscarves, this is the place. If you want food, go elsewhere.Still deciding how this ranks with the other quick service burger joints, but Good Stuff was, in fact,  pretty good stuff. The burger patty was definitely thicker than the usual, but it was a little sparse on the applewood bacon. Bun was soft, lettuce is lettuce, sauce was yummy. I often judge a burger place by their fries and sadly, I wasn't in love the handcut fries. I'm sure people love them, but not for me. Oh, and I picked up an IPA that was 2.7% ABV which was fiercely disappointing (but obviously my own fault). The decor is great, the burger is fantastic, the service was quick, just need's Pat's fries and real beer.This is somewhere my boyfriend likes to go, but I'm pretty sure that's only because it's close... Be prepared to wait if you order food, the are often understaffed and chronically overcooked. 
It's not my favorite burger place because they really don't know how to cook a burger. The actual patty is always dried out. Somehow the center is pink, but it's so dry it's almost crumbling. I don't know how they do it. Accolades for performing a miracle.  
That being said, the toppings and bun are better than most. I like how they toast the buns. I've only had the Obama burger, which is bacon, onion, and blue cheese. I appreciate the blue cheese is mild because I don't actually like blue cheese, but some people might have a problem with this. The onions are really caramelized and the bacon had a good cook- not burnt or too chewy. 
But then the fries... First off they are brown, not golden or yellow. Brown. Like dirt. They also have very visible salt flakes, but they taste unsalted. The fries are not crispy and are so small, like half a finger. They probably are just vehicles for the sauces. The sauces are all great. I recommend getting all of them to cover up the dryness of the meat and the tastelessness and sogginess of the fries. 
And then onto dessert- the shakes. I've only tried one, the black and white shake. Sorry, let's call it the vanilla shake with a chocolate  sauce dipped cup. Now it tasted fine, but it was extremely hard to get the "black" off the side of the cup. Most of the time it was just a "white" shake. 
Overall, if your in the city- go somewhere else. Get a good burger. Go to five guys (even though I haven't been to the center city location, I'm assuming they're all relatively the same).Had the "vegetarians are people too 'Shroom Burger " which is  Panko Crusted  organic Portobello Mushroom Tops,  stuffed with Muenster and Cheddar Cheese Burger. This burger has lettuce, tomato, red onion, pickles and chipotle mayo. It is small in size, but, it is very filling and tasty.  i also got 'The Good Stuff deal" which adds a soda and the snack fries. I love you can season your hand cut fries with the malt vinegar. This place still gets busy lunch crowd but they were fairly quick. Seating upstairs fills up, so, if you want to eat in, I would go to lunch early.Had really soggy fries here. It was rosemary French fries and it is one of my favorite snacks in the world!!! Got one bite, boo.... Was so so so soggy. Liked that they had a lot of free drippings. There were actually good and my favorite Begium fries place in NYC, they charged for the same digging so that was big plus. 
My hub said the burger was ok and also wasn't happy with soggy fries. I thought it might be just that day. But apparently one of my other friends was mentioned that she had burger and fries there and she didn't like their soggy fries. Guess that is the style there. Not my thing.More like NOT-SO-GOOD Stuff Eatery. Meh. The best thing I had was an order of french fries with the chipotle mayo. Everything else was inedible. They messed up my order the first time around. The staff seems a little clueless. The wait was way too long. There are so many places to get a decent burger (beef, turkey, veggie, etc.) in this city, don't waste your time at this spot.F**k Shake Shack!
Better burger selection, amazing fries and delicious shakes! The burgers we had were awesome! Perfectly constructed with a great bun to meat ratio. The fries were terrific, really well seasoned with fresh thyme and rosemary. The shake was phenomenal, so creamy and delicious (we got a chocolate marshmallow shake). Oh! I can't forget the dipping sauce!  Mayo mango sweet and delicious, chipotle mayo has a nice kick and the Old Bay mayo made love to my mouth! 
The staff is super friendly and very helpful!
My wife and I are definitely coming back!!That was one of the best burgers I've ever had. I had the collettis burger but substituted blue cheese for cheddar. Now to force myself to eat 20 salads so that I can try it again!I just happened to walk past this place after getting my eyebrows done. I stopped and looked at the menu they had posted outside. After reading that I could replace a burger with grilled chicken breast I thought to myself "hmmm let me give this place a try". I ordered the Michelle Melt and "Clucked it". While I waited the cook offered me a free sample of their hot chocolate milk shake, it was VERY good. I wish I had taken a picture of my sandwich but I ate it toooo fast and happily licked the Herb Garden Mayo off my fingers (don't judge me, licking one's fingers is kinda gross but wiping the sauce from my fingers into a napkin seemed more wrong than enjoying it's deliciousness from my fingers at the time haha)...SO GOOD...Oh yeah I'm going back!Tried the shroom burger and it was amazing! The atmosphere is nice and the place is very clean. Also tried a milkshake sample and it was delicious. The dipping sauces are great too, especially sriracha mayo!Went here on a Tuesday night around 9pm and the place was empty.  My boyfriend and I got 2 burgers, snack fry, and onion petals.  Our burgers were ordered medium and medium rare.  Both came out overdone but they were still very tasty.  The fries weren't very crispy so nothing exciting there.  The onion petals on the other hand were very good...hot and crisp.  The overall cleanliness of the restaurant was not that great.  This place would be my go to burger spot if they cooked my burger to my likeness and they spruced up the place a bit.The milk shake was delicious- wonderful, unique, satisfying. 
The staff was friendly and knowledgeable, with lots of energy.
The price, higher than Shake Shack, for a burger, not quite as good as shake shack, is tough for me, especially with Shake Shack so close by. I'm actually not crazy about the fries at either place.Dining partner and I went to Good Stuff Eatery on Friday evening around 6:30 with our burger cravings on full blast. We were in need of meal of greasy junk food and unfortunately what we received at Good Stuff was junk-y food. After ordering our Farmhouse Cheese and Farmhouse Bacon Cheese burgers and fries, we stood and waited. We were two of six in the restaurant at the time. After waiting 15 minutes for our food, the cook asked Dining Partner what order he was waiting for. The counter employees were very nice, but it was also very apparent they need more training/better work flow. The restaurant itself is pretty clean and I liked the upstairs eating area. While the burgers were OK, I've definitely had better. The burger buns did not appear toasted and were quite soggy for having taken so long to make. The fries were also pretty soggy compared to others I've had. We finished our burgers and left disappointed and unsatisfied.
I don't give many two star ratings and I feel a little guilty doing it to such a young establishment, but the truth is I have experienced better, for cheaper. I'm not sure how anyone has compared this place to Shake Shack or Bobby's Burgers. To me, there's really no comparison. It might be worth it to come back and try again after a few months of operations, but for now I'll continue going to my old standbys.I'm a lunch customer here. What I'm looking for is good food, a pleasant place to eat it, and preparation time fast enough that I don't feel like I wasted my precious lunch hour anxiously checking my watch. Good Stuff Eatery delivers on all counts. I get their Farmhouse cheese, and have been satisfied by the size and quality of the burger. Juicy, flavorful, definitely messy. Staff is courteous and efficient. The space is airy and comfortable. The richness (am I trying to say greasy deliciousness?) of the food makes this a once-in-a-while kind of place for me, but I'm definitely coming back for more.Excellent spot. We were looking for a late lunch and found this place. The bacon cheeseburger fries and a shake were terrific. The burger has one huge puck shaped patty. The new spots are doing the smaller thinner patties and while I like that better this did not disappoint. 
The fries were good and the shake was really good. 
Lost a star due to the crazy long 20 min wait with no one in the place. Indifferent teenager at the register needs to be replaced by a robot. Finally the floors could use a washing as they were sticky.Everything tastes very deep fried. Had the bahn MI style burger and rosemary fries. The burger is a smaller size in the wrap but be not deceived. The patty has good weight to it. Could not tell about its natural flavors but there's good mayo to add for what's lacking.
The service though is great and the employees are very hospitable. 
Overall it's a pretty standard upscale burger joint with its sauces as the unique selling point.I walk past this place every day and don't really give it a second glance because I try to eat healthy on the regular, but today was a special day. Today I had a burger craving that was so intense that I literally sat in my cube all morning day dreaming about the delicious burger I was going to devour at lunch. I am a big fan of Shake Shack, but I am open to new places, so I decided to give this place a try. After all, their T-Shirts DO say they are better than literally every cult-worthy burger joint on the East Coast. 
I got a Farmhouse Cheese burger on a whole wheat bun. That's it. It was supposed to be the stuff that dreams are made of. Instead, it was... "meh, I've experienced better." Now, considering my absurd burger craving, I ate the entire thing, but enjoyed it to a mediocre degree. The burger on the whole was soggy, as I suspect the "Good Stuff Sauce" was pretty watery. The burger itself was overcooked and underseasoned. It wasn't juicy, which was crazy considering how soggy the sandwich was. The whole wheat bun wasn't worth the carbs either. I did not get fries and I did not try any of the mayo offerings. But I would basically never go to a burger joint just for the fries, and if they are anything like the burger - soggy, dry, and unseasoned, I'll pass. Sweet-ass mayo or not.
I am sorry to give a new business a low rating, but if you are going to make big claims about how much better you are than the competition, you REALLY need to step it up. You are now forcing your clientele to compare your food to other places they love, even if they wouldn't have thought about doing it right away. The choices seem inventive and it looks like a lot of work went into the place, so a little quality control should be happening. Also, dudes, seriously. Take down the competition slamming propaganda. It's not doing you any favors.Excellent burgers - great meat, cooked perfectly. Excellent (but quirky) beer choices - I had a chocolate peanut butter porter - very good shakes, and good service. My kids loved it as well.I ate here with a friend last night and was really underwhelmed.  The combination of first impression and expectation are everything, so good stuff eatery was sunk from the beginning for me.    My friend claimed that this place had the best burgers on the east coast (lofty praise I know), so my hope was high.  However, despite being one of only four customers, my burger took 20 minutes to be made.  I ordered the good stuff melt with fries, and paid 12 bucks, which is a bit on the pricey side but not unreasonably so.  The burger was plenty juicy, but too small.  The fries were soggy, even the "village" fries we ordered as a kind of consolation to our dissatisfaction.  I think Good Stuff just doesn't stand out from the field especially with the likes of bobby's burgers and shake shack to compete with.  My experience was OK at best.Came here on my wife's birthday. She mentioned it was her birthday and got a free shake.
I've been here twice now and the burgers have been great both times. The first time I came I got the smokehouse and the second time I got the steakhouse. I liked both a lot. The onion on the smokehouse was a real onion ring (not just batter). The meat is a very good consistency and is very juicy. 
Their shakes are absolutely fantastic. I've had the oreo and the Vietnamese Coffee. I'd get both again.Just passing by and glanced at the menu briefly.  The vidalia onion petals caught my attention.  Such a bright idea folks.  No more worries trying to stuff a whole onion ring in your mouth.  The batter was delicious and served freshly hot.  Their dipping sauces are nothing out the norm nowadays including : chipotle mayo, sriracha mayo, and mango mayo.  There wasn't much customers in but my simple order did take longer than expected.I was so upset to hear this place closed. I had to go to Shake Shack today and the double burger was so small compared to Good Stuff. I'm gonna miss the place.I love the red velvet milkshakes and the burgers are good. The fries aren't the best, so one star off for that. I do like the music though.Turkey Burger. 
Had to wait, 1pm on a Friday.. but sandwich hit the spot.. very good. 
Decor seemed cool, price was reasonable. 
Would come backGood Stuff Eatery is a welcome addition to the neighborhood. It's like a cheaper ShakeShack w/ a larger selection - quality is about the same. I got the Prez Obama burger which was very flavorful. Def get the fries w/ the spices (if you like them) - it's like thyme & rosemary - takes something boring like fries and makes it a unique treat. Couple beers on tap and nice bottle selection. Lots of space to eat (upstairs). My buddy got a black & white milkshake; he was a bit disappointed the choc syrup wasn't blended in - just drizzled on side of glass and on top - but he said it was good enough. I think they are still in soft open mode because service was def not as streamlined as ShakeShack, the ceiling upstairs was leaking a bit and also the register just won't accept some types of debit/credit cards and they don't know why - happened to me, my buddy ended up buying me lunch. But all in all great place and at least for now, not as crowded as ShakeShack, larger menu selection (both of different types of burgers and other sandwiches) and cheaper! Burger, fries and a drink ran me $12 - that's upwards of $20 at ShakeShack. OH ONE LAST THING - THE MOST IMPORTANT THING. If you are a mayo addict like me they have a mayo bar that includes regular, old bay mayo, sriracha mayo and chipotle mayo. They are all amazing. Try them all and apologize to your body later :)If given the option, I probably would have given this a 3.5 but overall, food was good.  Place was clean, spacious.  I got the smokehouse burger and it was tasty.  The bun was mushed (not soggy) so it didn't really affect the overall taste of the burger.  I enjoy crispy fries and these were not, but I enjoyed being able to sample all the different sauces: chipotle mayo, mango mayo, old bay mayo.  They also had malt vinegar which i love on my fries.  If given the chance I'd go back but if I don't go back, that's ok too.Mediocre at best. I ordered the Colette burger without the onion ring. I was able to taste the cheese and bacon, but the burger patty itself was not seasoned. The fries were greasy and soggy. Customer service was eh. The only purely enjoyable part of the meal was the Oreo Shake. Also, a little too expensive for my taste. Won't be coming back here.I was trying to find somewhere to get food after 10 pm and came across this place. The "Michelle Melt" turkey burger was very satisfying. The fries on the other hand were extremely greasy and salty, but the quality of the burger still made the overall dining experience quite pleasant.We were looking for a decent hamburger to enjoy on the 4th and stumbled upon GSE. I enjoyed the simpler, not too frilly menu. I ordered a farmhouse bacon & cheeseburger with blue cheese instead of american, the village fries with rosemary, thyme and sea salt and shared a mini shake with my husband.
The ordering process was smooth and the wait time was not super long which was great! The burger was cooked medium well which was perfect for me and had a nice piece of bacon and a good hunk of cheese! They did originally forget to put on he lettuce, tomato, onions and pickles but I was able to get all but the pickles when I went down to the counter to get the missing toppings! I would have rated them a five but since they forgot the pickles twice I was a little sad since they're my favorite! The burger was tasty though even without them! 
The fries were tasty and the speciality mayo sauces really made them spectacular - they had a bunch of flavors including mango, sriacha, chipotle and old bay. The chipotle sauce was amazing but I would recommend skipping the old bay unless you're a huge fan as it was overwhelming for me.
Overall I would recommend visiting and will definitely return myself for a quick and delicious burger and fries!  I would skip on the shake next time but for those that love a creamy milkshake it might be worth a try since they have a unique set of flavorsI ordered 25 minutes ago and still haven't received my food.
Two burgers medium rare.I think this place is burger heaven. I seen myself commuting on two different occasions just to get there burgers. There fries alone to die for. I would like to give them more than 5 stars. Only thing i can recommend is that you should be able to orders over the phone, center city is harsh with parking but i risked getting a ticket just to eat from there.I'm so glad I stopped by Good Stuff Eatery, even though I was doubtful at first. I loved Spike on Top Chef, but how many burger places can a city have...am I right? I already was set on my favorite Philly burger until I bit into my medium rare SunnySide burger. Delicious beef, bacon, a perfect runny egg, and a great sauce made this one of the greatest burgers I have ever had. The brioche bun was soaked with egg juices and special sauce - and I loved it!
The fries were also perfect and delicious and came with great dipping mayos. I'm really happy about this GOOD STUFF and can't wait to come here again.I tried here last week and was overall happy with the experience. The staff is still in training, but they did a good job keeping up with the long line. I had the patty melt type burger, which was very tasty, but a bit soggy. I feel as though the seeded bun would have been a better choice. The burgers and fries were much greasier than Shake Shack though....the fry bag was soaked through with grease. The fries were much better here though. I had a toasted marshmallow milkshake and it was delicious, but had to be eaten with a spoon.  They have other things on the menu I would love to try so I will be back!
Pros: Tasty burger, though I typically like my patties a bit thinner, fries were excellent, milkshake was very tasty but a bit too thick
Cons: VERY greasy and my bun was a little too soggyI think they closed down.  Yelp clearly showed them as being open until 11, but I stopped by before 6:00 and it was completely dark inside.  Orange sign in the window that I think was for a liquor license application.  Didn't read it in full, but I get the impression that these guys closed up and someone else is moving in.Where to even begin. One of the best burgers in the city. I eat on the healthier side so I clicked my burger. The village thyme Rosemary fries are to die for though....a must have!So yummy!!! We loved the burgers AND the fries, although the ones that come with rosemary had a LOT of rosemary. So make sure you like Rosemary if you're gonna order those. The dipping sauces were really good, too. 
We also got the Milky Way shake which was also delicious. 
Lots of room to sit upstairs and the tvs were good for watching Monday night football. 
Wishing we had one of these in Texas!Seeing the other reviews and how picky I am I was worried about how good Good Stuff Eatery would be. Actually our meal turned out to be Great Stuff. My Farmhhouse burger with cheddar and bacon was cooked perfectly (they can do rare here!). The rosemary fries were decent thanks to the seasoning but quickly got soggy in the paper bag (word to the wise, get them out of the bag as soon as you sit down). My wife's BBQ burger was really good too and so was the toasted marshmallow shake. I can't see returning and not getting the shake again. It's a very unique taste, not at all like marshmallow fluff which I was expecting, but like marshmallows roasted on an open fire. The employees were friendly and there is ample seating upstairs. The only suggestion I have would be to get larger ketchup containers or put some condiments upstairs. Navigating the steps with ten tiny ketchup containers (thankfully they have lids) can be a little tricky. And maybe they could offer that marshmallow shake in an industrial size...So, I would have given this place 4 stars but a few things bothered me.
1st off the good, the food is really good.  I had the American Wedge with grilled chicken, was awesome.  Just enough of everything.  My friends had the bag lunch and thought it was awesome but a little messy, like any good burger.  They give you a lot of fries.
Now the not so good.  Took a long time to get two burgers and a salad.  Lots of other came in after me and left before me.  I stood for 15 mins waiting on the food.  
The women who gave you her food spent a fair amount of time messing with her hair, long braids.  Tying them up, smoothing them out and swinging them all around behind the counter where food was being moved about.  Not once in the 15 mins I stood there did she wash her hands.  Now in fairness i ddint see her touch uncovered food.  But...New joint in the Rittenhouse mash of places to eat, and I highly recommend a stop in!! I had a Colletti's Smokehouse burger with bacon, onions, and cheddar, and my oh my, it hit the spot! The fries and mayo selection are also noteworthy and you should try them all! My favorite was the Spicy Srichaca mayo. The prices are also reasonable and the staff is friendly! Check it out!Spur of the moment decision to try Good Stuff Eatery paid off. A much better burger than Shake Shack, GSE's burger felt more like a homemade patty.
Ordered the Steakhouse, Smokehouse, and snack-size fries. Snack-size was basically a regular-size portion. Both burgers were tasty, but the Smokehouse had more flavor.
I do wish, like Bobby's Burger Palace, GSE asked for your preferred cooking temperature...mine was well done (preference for this type of food spot = medium to medium-well), my fellow diner's was medium-rare, and the two burgers at the table next to mine looked to be closer to rare.
Altogether a good experience, with the friendly staff, malt vinegar and sriracha on the tables, and a pretty dining loft. Will return if the quick-burger experience is required.Short & quick: Good tasting burgers. But too small for the prices. I was shocked when I opened my package when I arrived back to work, and my veggie burger looked like a junior burger from the dollar menu.Stopped by here for lunch.  The wait was about 15 min even though I only had two people in front of me.  It was very very hot in there! They keep the doors open even though it is 90 degrees out right now.  I had the Good Stuff Melt.  I was good, but it could have been better.  I kept tasting spots of too much salt.  I think if it wasn't for the salt spots, I'd give it a 4.  If it takes over 15 min to make it, then that's enough time to mix the ground meat without leaving spots of salt.  Will not go back.Came in here craving French fries and my crave was fixed. I had a cheese burger with fries, chipotle mayo on the side. They have a bunch of flavored mayo!  They also have shakes and salads that looked pretty good.Free range turkey burger was okay but forgettable - on the small side, wilted lettuce and toppings didn't scream "fresh."  Village fries were completely mushy and served in a grease-soaked brown bag.  I expected better from a place that touts itself as the best.I felt compelled to make a yelp account just to review how HORRENDOUS the service is here!! I get the place is new but it is just beyond ridiculous; there is nothing more infuriating than waiting for a hamburger for about 20 minutes when you are the only person in the place and there are at least 8 people behind the counter talking and laughing while you're standing there staring at them...the food is actually great but I will not be back based on that alone...get a new staff spike!Mediocre burgers masquerading as something special.  In reality, they're just overpriced and greasy versions of a typical burger you could make at home or find at just about any of the other burger joints in this neighborhood. Nothing unique or inventive except for the grease. Yes, I mentioned the grease again because the whole restaurant is covered with it; the floor are slick with it. Be careful going upstairs.
And not that this is the reason why I panned the restaurant, but I did find a staple in my fries, too.Solid fries with a good selection of dipping sauces from cheddar to sriracha to BBQ.  They are very greasy, though, so it's not for the light of appetite!  The shakes here are very good, as well and I was quite happy with my toasted marshmallow shake.  Prices are reasonable and it's a nice treat for a day hanging out in Rittenhouse Square.We were excited that a location opened up in Philly after friends originally from DC raved about. We finally  made it there on a random weekend night. The mushroom burger was really good, much better than shake shack. Decor was cute and there is a huge seating area on the second floor with a bunch of tvs. The root beer float was really really good.  My fiance got the burger with the egg that was very liberally cooked runny. I like my eggs runny but this was a little rae for me. That being said he ate it all up and his stomach wasn't too upset later. We would go bakc just not get that burger.I've been here twice and I will be back. I've had a Good Stuff Melt and Michelle Melt (turkey burger). They were both delicious. I do not like mayo at all and forgot to ask for it on the side for the turkey burger but I was pleasantly surprised. The Southlawn Herb Garden Mayo was good, I didn't have to wipe it off.  The fries are great. I'll have to try the milkshakes.Just had a salad from Good Stuff, the Caesar.  Chicken was perfectly cooked. It took a while for it to come, but worth the wait.  I plan to go back to try the burgers, shakes and beer on tap.  Mmmmm really good corn bread with the salad too!It's true that their fries are not the best, but who cares when you can get such amazing shakes and burgers?!
I've always had a great experience with their service, and think the staff are extremely nice.
The place is very clean, and they've almost always got awesome music playing.It's loud, food presentation isn't good it's all wrapped up and put in a bag. The burger I got was undercooked, the bum was soggy and greasy, and the fries were soft. The only thing I liked about this place was the staff. They were super friendlyWhen I think of this place, I think of elevation burger that closed down in Moorestown. Breaks my heart every time...
I went here randomly. No, really, I was suppose to go to Hai Street Kitchen but ended up going here. Sorry Hai Street, you could thank the cute logo that attracted the eyes of the n00b that tagged along with me.
After skimming through the reviews, I was very surprised to see what people had to say. I went on a Tuesday night where nobody was on the street. So I think the crew had more time to not half-ass our meal. MAYBE... who knows...
I had the regular burger and the n00b had the vegetarian burger. Both were good. I was a bit jealous of her burger that had cheese oozing out of it. Nonetheless, both burgers were pretty good. Like many others have said, the sauces available is a win for them. Prices were fair, and I enjoyed my experience there.
If you're in the area and want a burger, I would suggest it.Delicious burgers. Great spot for lunch with coworkers if you have an hour to spare. Great sauces. Be careful because the tend to mess up ordersWhat the name says.  When you're in the mood for a good burger yet don't want table service this is your place.  They even have beer.  The Prez Obama burger is probably my favorite.  The milk shakes are super thick and tasty.  They offer a couple of dipping sauces for your fries or onion petals which is always nice as well.Yeah, they make some good cookies. Not the most exciting place on the block, but, hey, the world needs a good big cookie sometimes.My turkey burger was so sloppy I actually spent a minute figuring out how I was going to eat it. What a mess. My husband's cheeseburger looked and tasted great though.I've been twice and felt sick immediately following on both occasions. I don't have a stomach that's easily upset by food, and my roommate experienced the same thing on my second trip. It just does not feel fresh, good, and "wholesome" as it's marketed. I'd take the quality of shake shack and even Five Guys over it. I do like the concept, environment, and offerings, if only it were executed well.If there's one food that boys always go for, it's burgers - so when Good Stuff Eatery opened and I wanted to try them out, I just had to say the word 'burger' and my husband and his friend were totally into heading there for dinner. 
The weather was great, so I snagged the one free table outside while they ordered inside at the counter. You then get one of those buzzers to let you know that your order is ready, so we chatted for a few minutes at our table. The burgers? Damn good, and they have some great, creative versions for you to choose between, which is really hard to do. The burger patty itself was cooked exactly as we requested, medium rare, and juicy. Of the ones we've tried, the Prez Obama one is tops - great combination of flavors. Plus the fries are pretty solid too, crispy and delicious with the sauces they have. It may seem slightly more expensive than other options, but truth be told it's far more worth it than the other burger chains in Philly. We haven't tried the shakes, but that's mostly because I can't convince my husband to share one with me so I feel less guilty *sigh*Seriously solid quick burger joint. We ordered 2 burgers and both were good, i got the smokehouse, the wifey got a regular cheeseburger.  Sometimes i over do it.. Something about the simplicity of a regular burger always out does the one w fancy toppings. The fries were to tiny..but other than that..i dug itDELICIOUS! Plain and simple. No need for fluff words or adjectives. The burger is seasoned perfectly - a nice burst of meat flavor. The buns are freshly baked and those rosemary thyme fries. OHHHHHHHHHHH those fries. Crisp, flavorful, ringing with flavor. I'm hungry. Darnit.Really delicious, but it's more of a slider than a burger. Think the regular McDonald's hamburger in terms of size.  Good fries, good sriracha mayo.
It's like they take the Miller Lite slogan way too seriously - great taste, less filling.Yes! A really good burger joint, finally! Have had the Farmhouse Cheese (your standard cheeseburger) and the Coletti's Smokehouse (bacon, cheddar, onion rings, BBQ sauce) and very satisfied with both. Burgers are nicely thick without being overwhelming, lacking only because I ordered medium and they arrived without a trace of pink in the center. 
Fries are done right: fresh potatoes, fried twice so they're crispy on the outside, creamy in the center. An extra dime gets you the "Village" fries, sprinkled with rosemary and thyme and worth the added expense. The Vidalia "onion petals" seemed fresh-made, but didn't travel well, winding up a little soggy by the time we got them home, but still good.
The specialty shakes make a big thing out of putting a band a syrup in the middle of the cup, which looks neat, but requires some scraping if you want to enjoy it along with the shake. Of the two I tried, the Milky Way Malt is far superior to the toasted marshmallow. The malt had real chunks of malted milk balls in it, which made for a nice surprise, while the marshmallow tasted indistinguishable from a vanilla shake to me, save for the presence of huge, lightly toasted marshmallow on top.
All-in-all, really good stuff indeed.Update: Went to Good Stuff again when I needed a quick lunch. They forgot my fries. This will be my last visit.Solid burger spot.  They've got the variety and quality.  I had the Good Stuff Melt which was a great middle ground between a regular cheeseburger and an exotic burger.  Haven't had their fries or shake but the burger seems to be the winner here.
Must try if you're comparing burger spots in the city.If I had to give this place stars according to looks, my cheese and grilled onion burger would have scored 5 stars!!  I looked amazing.  Obscenely amazing.  The thing was, when I bit into it..it tasted ok or good.  I wasn't blown away..I also wasn't blown away by their special sauce...it needs some oomph.  The fries on the other hand were legit.  We had the regular fries and the herb fries.  They give you a ton.  I can house some serious spuds and would recommend splitting a small fry with someone instead of getting 2 orders.I'm really torn about this review, because the shake I ordered had great flavor and had potential to be amazing.  But I waited over fifteen minutes from the time that I ordered until they handed me my shake.  And that just seems too long for a joint where you stand in line to place your order, for one milkshake (just a plain vanilla, mind you, no fanciness).  They handed me a buzzer when I placed my order, but it never went off.  The people at the counter asked me several times what I was waiting on but then never really did anything about it, and eventually the girl working the shake machine reached over to the side of the counter and produced my milkshake and said it had been there for a while and she wasn't sure why my buzzer hadn't gone off.  So, the shake itself was delicious - great vanilla flavor that beats Shake Shack by a mile - but the texture was weird...really thick in some parts and melted down in some parts, like it hadn't been blended very well.  All in all, I might go back when the line's shorter, but for almost $5 for a small shake, I'm not impressed.I headed to Good Stuff Eatery today at 11 am because I heard that they give free shakes on your birthday, and today is mine.  Sure enough - I produced my ID and got a free shake! You don't get to choose a flavor, you get a birthday cake shake - but it was DELICIOUS. Full size, incredibly thick & rich, whipped cream on top (why not?). YUM. I ate half, the other half is in my freezer for later. 
I also got a small order of Spike's Village fries, they were also very very good (although could be crispier in my opinion). The dip bar lives up to the hype - tried the chipotle mayo (great!) and the sriracha mayo. 
I will be back to try the burgers!!!
(Oh - the service was a little off, but I got there right when they opened and they were still setting up. Sure it will improve with time. Everyone was very nice, though!)
Thank you, Spike, for a great b-day lunch!Top Chef Contestant, not the top burger, but certaily a good one.
You've got a whole range of options in terms of burgers, I've had the Spike's Sunnyside, and the Blazin' Barn with an order of Sunny's Hand-cut Fries. 
Burgers: Like I said, very tasty, the Blazin' Barn was very refreshing, and very pleasant, although highly lacking in the "Blazin'" Department. It has hits of pickled daikon, carrot, and cilantro and tastes basically like a beef banh mi between a brioche bun. 
The Sunnyside was super messy, I mean REALLY messy, border-line impossible to eat with your hands messy. The egg is pleasant, and it's yolk remains non-totally cooked (nice touch), but unfortunately, stack that with the Good Stuff Sauce (which was more watery than I expected) and you're in for a wet sloppy mess. While the flavors were nice, eating wet, soggy, brioche wasn't the most pleasant. Brioche buns by their nature tend to be thin, and as a result when it just turned into a soggy mess, leaving a very unpleasant feeling in the hands. I think a denser, or even bigger bun, would help... 
The fries were just alright, not bad, but not incredible, they're solid french fries, and you can get an assortment of mayo-based condiments: Sriracha-Mayo (I'm pretty sure this is just the spicy-mayo you get at Sushi places... it tastes EXACTLY), Old Bay-Mayo, Mango-Mayo, Chipotle-Mayo (tastes nothing of peppers)... Honestly the mayo-based condiments mostly feel like a gimmick, they don't add anything substantial or incredible :/ And eating ANYTHING  with the sriracha Mayo just made me feel like I was eating some weird dragon roll or something... Highly dissapointed, as I ADORE mayonnaise and Sriracha (AKA the nectar of heaven)
I need to go back to try some shakes, but so far, I'm giving it 4 stars, for good flavors, but some burgers lack finesse, but I'd gladly eat here again, and again, and again!Absolutely turrific turkey burger! It was cooked to perfection, with gooey cheese, sweet onions and some amazing mayo on a warm fresh bun. I don't even like burgers, but would defintely come back for this one! In addition, the mango mayo by itself you could eat with a spoon. Light, fresh, and semi healthy fast food!Way overrated.  Soggy fries. Vietnamese coffee milkshake tasted like regular coffee and vanilla. Burger came out quicker than Five Guys or Shake Shack makes me think they're par cooked and finished to order.  It was so dry and cold that the meat patty fell apart in 3 pieces and no seasoning. I could have just gone to McDonalds.Good Stuff is pretty good, but not exactly great. Their name is apropos. I find most of the similar places to be relatively equal other than Five Guys, which is awful. I do think Smashburger is pretty easily the best of the bunch.
I got the Smokehouse and the small fries and mini shake option. The burger is pretty solid, but not particularly large. Everything was sort of smashed together, so it was hard to differentiate textures between that and the amount of BBQ sauce they put on it. The fries are bland and forgettable. I know they're small fries, but I would rather have fewer fries cut at normal size than mini fries half the size of my pinky. The chocolate shake was pretty solid.
Overall, it's just fine, but at $15 for a burger, mini meh fries and a shake, I'd rather just drop more money and go to Rouge.Another welcome new restaurant to the Rittenhouse area! Just opening a few days ago, still a bit of craziness, but it was a good time. Got the Obama burger and Village fries - both were absolutely delicious. The flavored mayo varieties were awesome too! Burger cooked perfectly, a little on the greasy side but that's what I was looking for. Seasonings on the fries were awesome. I personally would've liked the fries a little crispier, but they were still yummy.
Downside is that it's a total cluster when you get in - no one knows where the line starts or ends. We were on the wrong end of the line for a good 5min before someone that worked there said something. If this size crowd keeps up, they need a bigger floor for sure. Seating upstairs, but we didn't venture up there for fear of crowds - sat at one of the tables outside. 
Def on the pricier side for a burger, so not an everyday kind of place. I'll likely be back sometime soon to try out another creation!i've walked by this place so many times on my way and back from work. i finally had a chance to try a burger when i was stuck at work one day and a coworker brought me some food. now...i'm all about a good burger and fries. 
i've stopped by for lunch a couple times now and am always happy with my decision to do so. the kids working behind the counter have always been friendly and helpful. they also make your burgers after you've ordered, so it tends to take a little long during lunch hour. just fyi. you won't spend all of your lunch break there but just be prepared to wait about 10 min for your order to be ready. i haven't had a chance to try any of their milkshakes but i hear they're amazing.Food was Just ok, but was hungry so I prob rank it higher than it actually was. Good selection of food options too. Nice to see milkshakes in play here and offered.
Service was really slow, 25 minutes for turkey burger and fries....perhaps was one person ahead waiting at most. This was Saturday night as well. 
As of now- this ranks below Shake Shack and 5 guys. I'd go with Shake Shack before I tried this again- no hesitation.There's a new burger spot in town. I've been to one in DC so I knew I would like it. The opening day crowd was pretty reasonable and they filled orders quickly. Spike was there with his family. The burgers are solid. I stuck to the cheese and bacon, but they have a bunch of specialty ones as well. They are cooked about medium, and have a nice grill flavor.  It was a little salty, but otherwise it was really good.  I thought it was more filling than a Shake Shack burger.  They have great milkshakes and they have a mini size which is nice for those of us that don't want a huge shake.  The fries are dark and thin, and they have a bunch of dipping sauces.  Overall, I think Good Stuff is worth including in your burger place rotation.
Loved the shirts they were wearing that said something like "Thanks Shake Shack, Bobby's Burger Palace, Smashburger, etc., we'll take it from here."  Throwing down the gauntlet, I like it.  And thanks for the free milkshake card!Met a friend for lunch at Good Stuff Eatery recently and can report back that in my opinion, it's certainly a decent hamburger spot although not anything exceptional.  Let me also qualify here that I'm not a huge hamburger aficionado.  I prefer all of Philly's native sandwiches to the all-American hamburger.
The prices are low for Center City but the hamburger is also not real big.  I got the Blazin' Barn with daikon, carrots, mint, & cilantro.  Quality of the meat was excellent although the seasonings were way too skimpy to provide that flavor I was hoping to find from the menu description.  The hand-cut French fries with thyme, rosemary, and sea salt are tasty.  They are on the softer side as has been critiqued on Yelp several times but to me they were fine ... especially because of the choices of mayonnaise for dipping that are provided.  I liked every sauce but especially the mango mayonnaise and the old bay mayonnaise.
You order at ground level and you eat in an attractive area upstairs.  There are also a few sidewalk tables.  I'd def go back .... but I won't go out of my way to return.  Decent.