This is such a wonderful place. When eat their soup, most of the time I have a stern expression on my face and I can only shake my head because it is that good.Penang soup was outstanding. Bought a whole quart on the spot. No regrets.I've tried 5 of their soups and all are excellent. They also have an awesome grilled veggie wrap.The soups here are amazing and every time I go in there are new flavors to try - all are homemade. The turkey sandwich was also seriously delicious. All ingredients are locally sourced so the price points are higher because of the high standards they adhere to. 
A cup of soup and sandwhich cost $14 but was well worth it. I would suggest the owner look at lunch combinations (soup/salad, 1/2 sandwhich, soup) for a few bucks less as it'd drive more lunchtime volume.Great soup, great bread, great atmosphere and great customer service. Just had lunch here with my 2 year old and he loved the Senegalese chicken. Very delish! I got the spring vegetable minestrone. Also tasty. Good choice!!This little place has exquisite, healthy soups salads and a few other items, to eat in, to serve at home, or to bring as a gift where one is a guest.
I happen to prefer Good Spoon to Soup Kitchen. I lament the unfair things fans of that other nearby soup restaurant have written here.
The place is too small to bring a group. Parking can be at a premium. I usually park on Jefferson Street. It is open late enough for what I would call a light, diet-compliant meal in lieu of dinner.What a welcome addition to Fishtown! I have been wanting to come here for a little while and found myself in the area around lunchtime today. Even just driving by, the building is beautiful, with a clean logo, fresh paint, and pretty greenery growing up the side. The inside left nothing to be desired- everything was well done and aesthetically pleasing. 
Although everything on the menu sounded tasty, I wanted to try the soup. You can sample any flavor, and they had four today (as well as many frozen soups in other flavors that you can purchase and take home). The first soup that intrigued me was a truffled cauliflower.  I got a sample and was blown away. As if he read my mind, the man working there assured me that the delicious creaminess was not just from cream, but that it was mostly just cauliflower and leeks with a small amount of cream. I was totally sold, and took a medium size home with me. You also get a small piece of bread (choice of french or multi-grain) with each order. It's a nice touch, and definitely not big enough to make me feel guilty. There is also a case full of seriously swoon-worthy pastries (cookies, biscuits, brownies. etc). I'll save those for next time!I love just walking into this space. Beautiful, friendly and helpful staff, and the best soups around. I usually get a hot one to go for lunch and a frozen pint for a later dinner. I like that there are always regular, vegetarian, vegan, and gluten-free options clearly marked and all ingredients listed. I've never tried anything from here I didn't love. Super easy to walk to from Fishtown or Kensington.Waiting 10mins for a bowl of soup to-go is ridiculous...Just pour it while I stand there and let me be on my way? And for $7+ it better be amazing soup and it is good but not really substantial. 
The place is small and if you are waiting to-go you are dancing around other people waiting too, people in-line or at around the only table that is giant and in the middle of the place. 
I prefer Soup Kitchen's 1/2 sandwich and soup for $9-10 and feeling full after!!!
Doubt I will ever go back here. Going to eat my leftover Pho from Stock now, since at $7 it actually is filling and worth every penny, if not more.I stopped in here because I like to eat soup sometimes so this seemed like a good place to try. The inside was nice and filled with lots of natural light. They had 3 soups and a chili available, I ordered a bowl of Thai sweet potato to go, and it came with a piece of bread. I had to take away one star because on my walk home I slipped on some ice and fell directly onto the bag of soup. Even though the lid had a rubber band on it, when I landed on it the soup got all over me. I never got to try the soup but will definitely be returning.Great neighborhood spot with fresh soups and a winning serving team.  Personal favorite is the Senegalese Chicken & Peanut Stew.  Choose the white rice option and you have a great winter meal in a bowl!Delicious soup. Beautiful interior and sidewalk seating. Great service. Definitely never thought of going to a soup restaurant until now, I will definitely be coming back.I'll make this simple and sweet. Genius! I had the chili (extra cheese on top ) The portions are great. The food taste like home & you can't beat that. Keep it up!The soup was delicious and if you can't decide try a sample. I had sweet  onion and my bf had curry both were so good we wanted more so we split the turkey chili and it was another winner!  It's on the expensive side but well worth it! EnjoyThe penang curry is my favorite soup here, super flavorful and love the optional rice you can add to it.
I also enjoyed the senegalese chicken and peanut stew and some others that I can't remember off the top of my head.  I have yet to have a soup here that I wouldn't order again.  
I know I tried sandwiches here also but I can't remember which ones specifically.
Not much room to eat inside and is sometimes crowded so more of a take home place for me.Excellent neighborhood restaurant. The lentil and kale soup is out of this world. Their pork sandwich is extremely tasty. We stumbled upon this place over the weekend but will absolutely be backTasty soup! I stopped by last night while checking out Philly's new developments.  The staff was very polite and the space was very clean and neat. It's a cozy place to have a one-on-one. The music is low, you'll hear your partner. There is a lot of room now but I could see it getting crowded when the weather picks up.  Actually, I hope it does.  There was a good selection too. Oh and it had reasonable prices! My soup was around $5You know those chilly fall days where it's cold enough for a light winter jacket? Those are the perfect days to treat yo self to a bowl of delicious soup! We came here on a busy Sunday afternoon, and the staff was kind enough to set us up with a table outside when the inside was completely full. We got the autumn harvest vegetable soup, and as much as I love my bread with soup, I didn't want that gorgeous hunk of French bread to distract my taste buds from the insanely tasty soup! The vegetables were actually enjoyable (a rare occasion for me) and I couldn't figure out what the seasonings were, but man, they were great. If you're anywhere near here, it's totally worth coming in for a cup!My husband and I were there and it's a nice quaint little place. specializing in organic fresh ingredients and it was all that it said it was going to be. the menu changes daily so I would suggest that you check facebook and find out what's on the menu for that day.After getting your wisdom tooth taken out there are very limited options when it comes to eating. Thank God this place is close to my apartment to so I pop in for a post extraction meal. The shop is located a few blocks from the Girard Street station underneath the El. While I was there I was not bothered by the trains at all and I actually found it peaceful. The interior of the shop is very small but we were able to sit at the communal table. The counter has significant bakery window for such a small location but it's overall a minimalist style.
They had three vegetarian soups, two of which had no chunks which was perfect for my tooth situation. I opted for the Apple Beet Soup. It was nothing like I have ever had before. Earthy and sweet while warming on a snowy Saturday. The other soups that others had ordered smelled delicious but I had to stick to my blended one for the sake of my tooth lol. The place stayed pretty quiet allowing me to have a great lunch and catch up with one of my friends. I'm glad this place was open because it allowed me to have a meal safe for my tooth with out sacrificing flavor and fun!Everything in this place is right in my wheelhouse. I am such a soup fan. If I am not making it I am looking for some decent options when I am out. It was a bit chilly when I arrived in the city and Good Spoon seemed like the logical choice for a late lunch. 
I had the Black Bean and Sweet Potato soup with the multigrain bread and had a taste of my friend's Senegalese Chicken Stew. Both were delicious. The former, a thick soup with a hint of what seemed like a smokey chipotle seasoning. The latter had a strong pea-nutty flavor with the texture more like a stoup than a traditional stew. 
The sandwiches on the list as well as the side salads were all tempting - and don't even get me started on the Peanut Butter Cup cupcake I nearly caved and bought. 
I'll absolutely be back next time I am in the area... and I'll be sure to save room for the sweets.I had the chicken peanut soup . It was so creamy and flavorful. I'm definitely coming back for more.Love this place!! Delicious, fresh soups and super friendly staff. Just moved to the neighborhood and I'm sure I will be back soon and often.Yes!  I am a huge fan of soup.  In from out of town and needed lunch.  What a great find.  They will let you sample the soups before you decide.  There were 4 choices today. (Gazpacho, Summer Squash, Sweet Corn and Poblano Bisque, Chicken tortilla with corn and black beans)
Would love to have even more choices or the ability to order soup in the style of a beer flight so that I could get a great taste of each!I love this place but wish they would use less ingredients from a can and invest in new spoons instead of letting customers eat from old scratched up onesSo very yummy!!! We loved the decor and huge windows! I had the grass fed beef chili and a piece of cornbread and he hubby had the Senegalese chicken peanut stew. They both hit the spot on a cold winter day. Great flavor and very filling! Will definitely be back again and again.This is a welcome addition to the neighborhood.  I had the Thai Sweet Potato soup and it was rich and creamy and not too spicy.  I also had the butterhead lettuce salad, which was very fresh and tasty.  It is a small space with a few tables and a small, but varied menu.  The staff is warm and welcoming.  Update: Today I tried the chili and corn bread.   The chili was excellent, not too spicy and with very fresh ingredients.  The corn bread was fresh, moist with an excellent taste.Wish we had one of these back home in cali! My friend who's lives nearby took me here on a chilly day. Decided to order a few soups to bring home and enjoy. Per my friend's suggestion I tried the chicken peanut soup. OMG. I cannot even describe how good this was. So flavorful. So rich. So tasty. For an extra 50 cents I got the coconut rice to go with it. So good. Definitely more than enough food to eat as my entire meal. I didn't even have room for the piece of bread the soup came with! The soup was thick and creamy and so filling. Exactly what I needed for that cold weather evening. Definitely hit the spot. If I lived nearby, this would totally be a regular place for me. I wish I had time/room in my stomach to try the other soups as well!I had the lentil soup with a side of coconut rice and whole grain bread. Then for dessert I enjoyed one of their blueberry muffins and what a fantastic lunch that was!  I also purchased several of their grocery items to take home. I bought maple syrup, frozen soup, a salad and a myriad of other prepared foods.
I will definitely come back to this place.Just finished lunch from here. Soup and turkey sammie were excellent.  The staff was great as well and the food came out in 3/4 minutes. I'll be back soon for sureDelicate blend of flavors in all that we've had here. It's clear that the staff here pay close attention to detail and the taste pays off. Thanks!There are some places that make you feel glad to live where you do. Good Spoon Soupery is that kind of place for me. Every one of their soups is a treat. Their muffins are heavenly -- light, fresh, full of flavor, and, if the gods are smiling on you that day, warm! Once I find something I love, I stick with it, so there are lots of things on the menu that I can't describe. But I think this one thing can speak for everything else -- if you ask them for a taste of a soup, they go through the trouble to put a full garnish on it. They're proud of what they do in the most unpretentious, down-to-earth kind of way. That's pretty special.I love this place! The environment is wonderful and the staff are great! The soup is awesome! I love to get the frozen soup and bring it into work for the rest the week. It makes planning meals much easier. I highly recommend trying this place out!On Saturday heading to Rittenhouse Farmer's Market for Good Spoon soups is now a fixed habit. I've tried about 15 varieties of soup and loved every one. This week's split pea was amazing--it was thick and hearty, with big chucks of potato and carrot. I just wish I'd bought more.Amazing soups and great healthy salads and sandwiches choices !!! I tried kale and chorizo soup and fell in love with it ! 
Down side - the place is really small and if the weather is bad there is no sitting outside !Every soup I've had from here has been incredibly tasty. Everything that comes from the pot or the oven is made with fresh and delicious ingredients & and there's always great options for veggies or glu-tards. Also worth noting, the owner might be the friendliest woman you'll ever meet. Keep on soupin'!This place is great.  I've gone more than a few times, and each time the soup is great.  The servers are always happy to give a sample if I'm curious.  The menu has been featuring four soups.  All the menu items list out what is vegetarian or gluten free.   With all the bars opening up, it's nice to have a soup place open up.Im very impressed with the soupery!  I vaguely knew of it when I decided when I was walking home from an errand, to stop by and support a new local business.  It was a very good decision.  
The atmosphere is clean and contemporary yet warm and welcoming.  Thanks also to the staff that were perfect, informative and friendly.  I decided to go with the Morroccan vegetable chick pea stew and it changed my life (at least for a week or so).  
I love that it was so unique, delicious and perhaps even more healthy than my average lunch.  I later got a chance to try their soup at the brewer's plate event in the city and fell in love with their soups there.  
I am glad theyre part of the hood.  I hope everyone shows up to say hi the way I did. They will love it.Really been wanting to try this place. Went at 10 which is when they open and the door was locked. They let me in. He said that no soup is ready yet and it would be 10 to 15 mins and no soup is ready yet   He did point out that they have frozen soup available   Uh what am I going to do with frozen soup? How do you open at 10 like the front door says and then your not ready for service? Horrible.On a recent visit from Southern California, I visited Good Spoon Soupery.  Unique and oh so delicious soups.  Quaint eat in store front, but the real magic is in the kitchen.  The presentation is just the start.  One spoonful, and you are addicted. I didn't stop at soup, though. The egg salad is divine with just the right amount of herbs.  The pastry chef is a wizard!  Highly recommend the Good Spoon for wonderful home-made food.  They pride themselves on supporting locally-sourced ingredients, and it makes all the difference. Yum!Took my wife and I a month before we finally stopped in and now we are addicted.  We stop in regularly to see what's on the menu.  You can truly taste the freshness and quality ingredients in the soups.  My only wish was they were open on Mondays that's my usual day off and their only day closed.My office decided to order lunch today, instead of our usual spots, and it was definitely a good choice! I got the Summer Minestrone soup which was DELISH and tasted very fresh. The veggies were still slightly crisp, and the flavor was light and satisfying. I split a Curry Chicken Salad sandwich with my boss, which was also very flavorful. I will most certainly be coming back for lunch!Just a few blocks away from the popping area of Fishtown, this place is one of the few places that is affordable and delicious. I got their vegan sloppy joe sandwhich, which was not only cheap but so wholesome. I was full even before I finished half of my meal. The place attracts locals frequently and they even have frozen soup to go!Healthy and filling options. Everything we've tried has had a ton of flavor. We've had the chili, curry with coconut rice, and split pea soup. All have been wonderful. You can pick up large frozen containers to have for later. They also sell Weckerly's Ice Cream sandwiches. There are sandwich and salad options on the menu as well. It's a small place, so not great for a really large crowd.Ladies and gentlemen, I love soup.  It's a quick way to satisfy a hunger and fill your mouth with delicious flavored without worrying about that chewing nonsense.  Needless to say I was curious to try this local spot that devoted itself to this liquid culinary form.
I have to say, I was truly impressed.. The inside had a nice homey feel (though not incredibly big) and the options were diverse and tempting.  The offering I went with today was the curried red lentil soup w/ additional coconut rice for an extra 50 cents (well worth it!).  I got home with this to go bowl and was soo impressed.. It was warm, homey, and delicious. Not too thick, not to thin, just enough curry, and well complemented by the coconut rice.. It truly hit the spot.
I'll definitely go back to try some told the other tempting offers such as the curry chicken salad sandwich, kale salad, or any of the many soups (which seem to shift daily).  Further, it's located in a good spot and has got real friendly staff. Now what are you waiting for? Soup away, folks, soup away.A wonderful local gem in Fishtown. Superb fresh soups, good salads and sides, friendly, helpful staff.A little short on table space, but the communal table means you may get to make new friends.The best soups ever master crafting and attention to details ... Local seasonal and super fresh .... Always four varieties to try ... They also have salads and sandwiches .......staff is delightfulI'm really impressed with this place. Close by and fantastic soup. The only thing I would suggest is that for some of the soups I've tried, such as corn pablano, the seasoning was great but it was under seasoned. Could use also use a bit more salt in general. Bread was also great.I adore this place and concept so much!! Good Spoon Soupery is a fantastic little space located under the El on Front Street in Kensington serving up an ever changing variety of really tasty, home cooked soups. The kind that will bring you back to your childhood and give your all of those comfort food feels! 
There's always a veg option as well as a meat. They cater to gluten free patrons also! You can check out their daily offerings on their social media outlets, but I can imagine you won't be disappointed with the selection if you just stop on by. (Their lentil is outstanding and one of my favs.)
They offer sammies including Bahn Mi, many side salads, and drool worthy desserts also.
The place is on the smaller side, but feels open as the decor is minimilastic and earthy. It's a sweet place in an unexpected spot. 
They offer other local goods such as Inspired Brews kombucha and Peddler coffee made right there in Kensington. I love when local business support each other! More of this please! 
A truly great place to lunch and stop by for a pick up of a quart to warm you and your loved ones up at home. 
I would call or double check hours first as they are closed Mondays, sometimes for holidays and sometimes briefly during certain seasons.I was excited and skeptical upon going, with all the wonderful reviews this place has.  Excited mainly because soup is my THING.  Soup makes me happy.  Good soup makes me close my eyes and take in the goodness of life.  The truffle cream of cauliflower made me do just that.  It gets a 9.  Their salad was amazing too, 8.5.  Sharing with my bestie, I also tried the penang, which was cool when it first came out, but the staff there so graciously corrected it, got us a fresh one that was at the appropriate warmth, and stocked us with plenty of extra bread and a cookie.  The penang gets a 7.  Then the chard and sausage one gets a 7 too.  Both breads at a 8.5.  I got lots of quarts of soup to take home, including the cream of collard which I just had for lunch today.  That's a solid 8.  Overall this place is a cozy gem, and it's obvious that the people who work here believe in their food and want you to enjoy your experience there.I'm really happy to see a place that is just dedicated to soups around Fishtown. The number of vegan/ vegetarian options drew me in, the quaint comfort of this location led me to eat in and chat up the person who served my food to me. I've visited at least one other lunch spot in the neighborhood, but this place is different because it's a lot quieter than the other place, despite being located right under the El. I recognized the business name but wasn't sure from where. Come to find out, you used to be able to find this soup in Reading Terminal Market. Anyway, looking forward to visiting this place throughout the coming seasons and checking out the rotating seasonal menu. I'm stoked for cucumber and watermelon soups, along w the standard tomato and squash that normally come w summer.Every soup I have tried here is DELICIOUS (some stand-outs include their chillis, corn, and refreshing cucumber soup). The ingredients are all locally sourced and healthy.  Having the frozen soups at home enables me to have a healthy delicious meal in 5 minutes. The other items that are carried in the store (e.g quinoa salad and beets) are also delicious and pair well. the store is beautiful and people are friendly.Delicious local soups. Great veggie and vegan options too. I particularly like the white bean kale and turkey chile, and I can't wait to try the spring asparagus!  
On busy weeks I get the frozen soups in bulk to make mid-week dinner preparation easy and tasty.Cute location, def part of the gentrifiy Philly movement...soup was delicious. However she hyped up the cornbread as if it was the most delicious bread on earth and it was disgusting. It tasted like it was made with grass or corn husks (maybe it is). Other tables seemed to love it sooo‍ try at your own risk. They have a great drink selection.Rename this place great spoon. I love everything about it! Soups, service, atmosphere were all great. I can't wait to return to try everything on the menu.Good Spoon does it all perfectly.
Great experience all around: Helpful and friendly service, effortless checkout, but most importantly, delicious food.
I've been here on two separate occasions. The first time I had the chili, the second time I had the Senegalese Chicken.
Fast, simple, delicious food. Looking forward to visiting many more times.The wifey and I went on a random pass through in Fishtown, and so happy we did!
Fantastic soup here.  I got the Beef Chili with the Cilantro Creme Fraiche, and the wifey got the Vegetarian Tortellini.  Both of them were really amazing.  Well made and not too expensive ($7.99 for 16 oz).  Most importantly, no one yelled "no soup for you" at us when we asked to sample.  Win!We visited to get a bite to eat and left very full!
We had the (vegan) curry carrot ginger soup which was very tasty. The included bread was very delicious!
We also got a sweet potato tofu warp. I would have preferred if it was warm, I guess I could have asked, but it was stilly very good.
The portion sizes here are very filling. We'll be happy to stop by again and see what other soups are available.The best. Their soups, pastries and sandwiches never fail to hit the spot. We go for lunch here at least once a weekSolid spot when you need that non-pho soup fix.  It did not disappoint on a rainy Saturday afternoon.  Menu rotates so check them out on social media.  Slurped on the chicken tortilla with corn/black bean and had a taste of the roasted tomato with basil.  Slim piece of french bread, i'm a bread dipper and needed more!  Their cornbread was on point.  Rich and flavorful soups with quality ingredients.  Kinda bummed didn't get some frozen soups to devour later.  Will have to try their sammies and sides.  Parenterals: no highchairDefinitely a fan especially while my boyfriend and I are trying to eat clean and healthy and have strict diet limitations.  You could basically pass the place without even noticing it (I guess I can attribute that to the fact that it recently opened and still lacking signage? Or maybe that's what theyre going for?)  Either way, I have no doubt that they will do wonderfully on word of mouth alone.  
My friend heard about this place from her boyfriend who lives around the corner and knew about it because he lives so close.  She went and without even hearing how it went for her, I figured I would take my man to try it out.  I had the chick pea soup (Masala I think?)  It was tremendously amazing!  The sweet flavor mixed with just the right amount of spices....yum!  My boyfriend had the chili and he ranted and raved about it.  Today I brought my father to the spot and he and I ordered the lentil soup.  It had a spice that I wasn't expecting and we loved it!  
The moral of this story is- I think that no matter what you soup you order here (constantly rotating menu)- you cannot go wrong.  With this weather, and La Colombe Torrefaction down the block, it is basically everyone's dream come true.  I know I loved having my soup, a hot cup of coffee, and snuggling up on the couch to consume my favorite things.  
Topped off with a friendly, accommodating staff and all sorts of yummy pastries, sides of delicious baguettes or wheat bread, a nice selection of side salads- I am very hopeful that The Good Spoon will become our regular spot when I don't feel like cooking (which is more often than I care to admit!)
Kudos and welcome to the neighborhood!Soups are absolutely delicious! Loved my chicken tortilla. Ashely helped us with our order, she let us try different ones before we made our selection. Can't wait to come back.I wanted soup. My friend brought me to Good Spoon. I came in, scanned the place and immediately wanted to leave. The words "vegan","vegetarian", & "gluten-free" caught my eye one too many times. I asked my friend if we could leave, I wanted my soup to have flavor after all. He was insistent on staying so he ordered food while I stared at their menu in disgust. 
He ordered the turkey and white bean chili which came with a side of bread. Once I caught a whiff of the chili, I had to have a bite. Then I couldn't stop. It was so good! And the bread. I needed more. I wish I got one of those containers of refrigerated soups on the way out because now I'm craving their turkey chili. 
I'll definitely be back. And will order myself next time.Small, cute, and tasty! Whole place seats 12, and lots of people take it to go. They'll let you sample the soups before ordering, which I appreciate a lot. Pretty pricey, for soup and a drink I spent over $10. Great atmosphere and staffI ABSOLUTELY love this place! Soup is one of my favorite foods and their soup, without a doubt, tops the charts. Hands down one of my favorite winter spots.Agree with the other reviews on here-this place has become my FAVORITE lunch/afternoon snack place around. I work just a block up the road and my colleagues and I come here no less than 2 times a week, and have already become friends with the staff!
Their daily soups seem to rotate every few days, but your favorite one always comes around again (plus, if you're craving one and it's not on the menu, you can usually find a quart to buy in their fridge). Many of their soups are vegan, dairy free, gluten free, or a combination, but that doesn't mean they're short on taste. I absolutely love the mushroom velouté and smoky black bean when you want something light, and the Senegalese chicken stew and red curried lentil when you want something more filling (be sure to get the coconut rice for 50 cents extra!) the prices are moderate too-you can always get a bowl for under $8.
In addition to the soups, they seem to be adding other pastries and goodies daily-I have a hard time saying no to the cheddar biscuit or the hand pies. They just started carrying 'zsazettes', which is the most delicious, decadent sorbets I've ever had.
It's definitely a smaller place (10 chairs max), so we usually take it to go, but the charm and quality can't be beat! Follow their Instagram to get a look at their daily soups.There are not as many souperies in Philadelphia as I would like but fortunately there is a great one on Front Street in Old Kensington called Good Spoon Soupery.  The homemade soups served up here are extremely tasty.  They frequently change (especially by the seasons) but you can check what soups are currently on offer by checking their Twitter page.  I recently enjoyed a wonderful curried carrot ginger soup with French bread.  They also have assorted sandwiches and salads as well as a nice selection of deserts. I recommend the lemon squares.
If you are in the mood for a great bowl of soup, then Good Spoon Soupery should be on your radar!Great variety of options! A little pricey for the product but pretty typical for the neighborhood I guess...Went here today and have to say I enjoyed myself. The place is incredibly tiny, but it does have that relaxing feel. The woman behind the counter was sweet and friendly I felt. I ordered a curry lentil soup and it was delicious! I also got another piece of bread due to the cute being too small, so big ups to that! I will definitely return if I am in the mood for a good bowl of soup.This place was great! Nice atmosphere and their soup tastes amazing. If they have the red French onion soup available I highly recommend it (I forget the real name they had it under)! It was a nice balance of sweet and salty. Definitely check this place out!Honestly some of the best food in Philadelphia.  The grass fed beef chili, Senegalese chicken and peanut stew, and sloppy joe are absolutely insane.  Great selection of drinks, sides, and baked goods as well.  Service is always great.  I live and work down the street, eat here several times a week, and am consistently impressed.  A+, highly recommend.I love walking here from my job and getting their delicious soups and hand pies. My favorite is the Senegalese chicken and peanut stew hands down!!! The staff is friendly and the atmosphere is great. It's a bit small inside but I always get my food to go anyway. They let you sample the soups so you can't go wrong:)Literally had the best... and I mean the best BLT from this place! Absolutely delicious!What a nice little gem in Fishtown. They have really good soup and bread and a. Ice selection to choose from. It's small so seating is limited but it has a cozy vibe that makes it a nice place to sit and eat with friends. I believe they also do takeout.Delicious soup! Everything changes daily and is labeled for vegans, vegetarians, gluten, and dairy. 
A 'bowl' of soup (it's a little small for the term) is $6 and comes with a small piece of (gluten only) bread, so I ended up paying $6 for just a bit of soup. I got a side of cucumber salad for an extra $5. But without the bread, I'll be honest, I was hungry again in an hour. 
Great if you're not allergic or sensitive to anything, but I probably wouldn't go back again to pay that price for what I was able to eat.I love this place.  I've tried several of their soups, both fresh and frozen, and have yet to get a bad one.  They are all delicious, complex, satisfying.  The space is also beautiful -- small, but very calming and enjoyable.  If they came out with a cookbook, I would buy it immediately.  Highly recommend!The Good Spoon is a great place to grab a quick bite. Easy seating outside on a warm day and quaint inside with seating for (what i'd recommend) small parties of 2 or 3! I have loved every soup i've had from there but they also have sandwiches, salads and tasty treats! They have GF, VG, and Dairy free options, and the price is right. Not to mention friendly service from staff. Located just under the el and a block over from frankford its a little quieter than the main drag. Love going here for lunch on my days off!The Beet Reuben = perfection.  The owners are even better.  Amazing place in every way.Got three soups from the Rittenhouse Square farmer's market today. Ate the hot chili for lunch which is dairy free. Also, got the frozen chicken orzo and turkey and white bean chili soups. Both of them are gluten free and dairy free. Would love to see more dairy free soups though!! My favorite soup stand at my old local farmers market in Los Angeles had all vegetarian soups - a lot of which were dairy free. Good Spoon, for some inspiration, see http://thegourmetsoupkitchen.com/Our_Soups.html - my favorite is savory spinach pea if you are ever experimenting with new recipes :)Love this place!  Quick, convenient, healthy & always have vegan options...& the staff is always wonderful!