The sandwich was very good, but personally, I don't like a lot of meat on my sandwich. There was enough meat to make two more sandwiches. The sandwich was very good, on a great hoagie roll, and the employees were very nice.Flat out the best hoagies in the city, unless proven to me otherwise. Fresh, great ingredients, and seasoned to perfection. Anyone can pile lunchmeat on a roll (which GL does) but is the hoagie tasty??  That to me is the difference. My only complaint is that they don't have long fried hots, but that can be remedied by swinging by a good italian deli. Other than that, it gets no better. I've heard the cheesesteaks are the bizness too. Have to give that a try. Nice people there too btw.This small deli packs a big punch with their heroes. 
Our large cheesesteak was able to satiate our hunger after skipping breakfast. It was humongous, tasty, and very affordable. They carry various drinks and even make milkshakes. The outside area has several tables with umbrellas providing shade in a quiet alleyway in the middle of a block, perfect for tackling your gigantic hero with some dignity. Great staff. 
If you are from out of town and are trying to lyft here, just get off in the parking lot when you are close. You will find it inside the block.I was in town for business and tried to stop by another favorite spot, John's Roast Pork, but it is closed on Mondays. I found Gooey Looie's on Yelp, saw the good reviews, and decided to give it a shot. Once I found it, after navigating some very narrow Philly one-way streets, I couldn't have been happier. What a great local spot!! It's a small neighborhood market with a very friendly team working inside. I had a cheesesteak and it tasted amazing. I enjoyed it outside and was amazed at how great it tasted and the size of the portion. I was stuffed! If you're the type who likes to avoid the chain restaurants, you owe it to yourself to try this place.Wow!  This place sets the bar for cheesesteaks everywhere!  Great service and awesome cast of Philly characters!  Cheesesteaks are moist, perfectly seasoned with just the right amount of cheese and tons of meat. Prices are great too. Get onions and peppers on your sandwich; you won't regret it. Oh, don't forget to get the pickled condiments. Secret bonus!  For out of towers, a little hard to find as it sits in a very small strip mall within a residential neighborhood with very narrow one way streets. It resides in the same space as the Prudential Saving Bank so keeps your eyes peeled for it. Way worth the small inconvenience.Just had it the other day..my sis made me try it..she dropped one steak off..fed 3 people and we all were making noises while eating..so freakin good...in fact my sister last night said "I want a gooey looies cheesesteak" hahaa....def a little secret in south philly that needs to be spread around....!!!!!!!! love love love them.Gooey Looies...
I stepped in and felt like I was in a small town somewhere. It has a very old school feel to it. I was there to see what the steaks are about and while many places in Philly are easily forgettable, I'm always going to remember Looie's as the messiest steak I've ever had and that's a bit of a feat. 
That joint was packed with meat... sure. But it was like diffusing a bomb. It was a challenge just finding a good spot to grab because it seemed like either all the meat was gonna fall out or that it would slip from my hand because it was greasy/etc.
It really depends on who you ask. Some people dig that. I could only feel comfortable eating a steak this messy at home and I'm not messy eater. I should've known something was up when the girl at the counter asked me if I wanted forks and napkins... I said "no" and she made a crazy face like "Wow, he's about to get it in!." 
Looie's steak does remind me of an old nuisance deli's steak in West Philly, but without all the negative fanfare. I may end up here again sometime.If you never had a cheesesteak from them before I would go now run. The hoagies are so large you can only eat half. Support your local businesses and try the great food.Cheese steak was good but not anything that is notable compared to my other cheesesteak favorites.   I would go here if I lived close by but I would not personally seek out this place for the cheesesteak experience.Good luck finding the place.  It's tucked inside Pennsport mall, a small strip mall on Moyamensing.  But if you do you will be rewarded with quite possibly the fattest sammich on the planet.  
Minus one star for the lack of wiz, I'm a strong advocate of that nasty liquid 'cheese'.  I'll either provide my own or just suck it up and order extra provolone.  The extra definitely being a necessary request on the 'jumbo' as there is just so much meat that a 'regular' dose of cheese will get lost faster than my sister in a wet paper bag.  
Think you've found the best steak in the city?  If you haven't been to Gooey Louis' you just might be mistaken (no Olivieri pun intended).Amazing cheese steaks! Onions and sweet peppers are perfect. Can't wait to have one again!I've been going to gooey looies since the 90s maybe even longer, and I've always gotten either a great hoagie or as in the case today an excellent cheesesteak....so again another satisfied customer!!..Bon apetitReally disappointed in my cheesesteak and italian hoagie. I'm sure they mean well. The sandwiches were definitely loaded up with meat. Like overloaded. But both were just not good. Doubling the quantity of bad cold cuts doesn't make them good cold cuts. And the cheesesteak ratio of cheese to steak was thrown off since it was way to much steak. I'd rather have a normal sized sandwich that actually tastes good, than a bland one that's more food for your buck.
I was interested in trying a neighborhood spot, but sorely misled by the reviews here. Plenty of better places in the city.Gooey Looie's is a small, family run Bodega style deli. Reading all the reviews I was super excited to try a cheese steak from here. Honestly it was just average. There was defiantly plenty of meat but I think the cheese was lacking and the hero was definitely soggy. Would I come here again ? No.. but it wasn't the worst cheesesteak I've had!STAY AWAY!!  By far the WORST cheesesteak I have ever had in my life!!  The meat was chopped way too fine and was completely void of any flavor.I think I found the best hoagie in Philly! Wow! The proportions...monstrous! Called in an order and it was ready when I got there. Sounds routine, but I've had the opposite happen enough to note when it works as it should. Not sure who Gooey Looie is, but the big guy 'pictured in the photos' had a couple chicks on his lap and was talking bout smacking asses...sounds like my kind of place. LOL! I will be back.If you can find Gooey Looies, do yourself a favor and go.  It's tucked away in the Pennsport Mall, which is not really a mall... but a tiny, antiquated strip mall off of Moyamensing Ave.  If you're weren't specifically looking for it, there's not much likelihood you'd run across its doors unless you lived in the neighborhood.
Luckily for me, I used to live a few blocks from here.  Unfortunately for me, I often had an internal struggle over where to go for a cheesesteak -- Gooey Looies or John's.  John's usually won, but that's not a knock on Gooey Looies.  They have earned their place in my heart (and arteries) for their ENORMOUS amount of meat and cheese and far better-than-average total package.
It's a small deli shop selling a variety of chips, Tastykakes, candy that reminds me of my childhood (bags of burnt peanuts and miniature wax soda bottles full of juice anyone!?!), and hoagies.  If 10 people are in the store at once, it gets cramped quickly -- which it often is.
The guys that run this shop are nice and sarcastic, but not in a belittling way.  They will happily accommodate your specific ordering requests.
And oh yeah, it's cheap!  And again, the cheesesteaks are HUGE!  And delicious!  The way it should be.  You get a real sandwich here -- not a wussy interpretation of one.  Finish the whole cheesesteak.  I dare you to...  I do, but I know I shouldn't.
This is one of the best lesser known cheesesteaks in South Philly.
BEST WAY TO GET HERE FROM CENTER CITY:
Take the 57 bus south towards Whitman Plaza.  Get off at Moore Street.Born and raised in Philly and I've had a lot of cheesesteaks in my day. I had Gooey Louie's for the first time yesterday and it was absolutely amazing. Best cheesesteak I've ever had so far to date! Can't wait to try their Italian hoagie next!Hoagies and cheesteaks are insanely huge, but the line is equally long. I suggest calling ahead to save time. Overall, one of my favorite hoagie shops.I am too critical... so I wanted to visit again.
Lotsa meat, campy charm inside. I was pleased. Bumping up to 3 stars for me.
Go Gooey, go Looie's!Had a chesse steak hoagie it was gd need to go again i  recommend this to anyone from ny down here in philly this is must stop b4 heading back to nyThis is South Philly at its finest, the real deal, genuine article, the big cheese...etc. Please if you are a tourist and reading this...stay away...this is a local only type of place and I wouldn't want it any other way (plus you probably couldn't find it anyway).
Don't ask for whiz...bring cash....stay off your cell phone when ordering...and if you want a shake, order it first from the cashier so it will be ready when your sandwich is. One of the finest and largest Cheesesteaks around. At Gooey's I like it with Swiss, mayo, raw onions, and hot peppers. I'm frustrated writing this because it's making me crave one now.I think this was my first cheesesteak in Philadelphia. I have tended towards sandwiches almost exclusively, but thought this would be the moment where I went full Phil. 
If you're looking for local, this hits the bulls-eye. The little shop has a couple of guys in the back, taking orders by en masse then cooking them all up at once. A small sandwich is pretty much a perfect amount - which is to say huge. I would even prefer splitting a small, that's how big they are. The hoagies are ridiculous sized; If I were going to a party, it would make perfect sense to bring one of these and ask them to cut it in quarters or eights. 
I would definitely come back for an Italian or a Jewish sandwich. Yep, the sandwich is called Jewish. Never seen that before. But I guess it's just another ethnicity, so why can't a sandwich be a Jew? 
To note: You can get on the highway pretty easily from here, so it's a good souvenir for a car ride back to NYC.  I will do this at least 2 more times before I feel comfortable truly understanding Gooey Louie's.I do not understand why people are raving about these cheesesteak I had was ok at best I only ate half and I threw the rest away. I rather have quality over quantity and they do give you a lot of meat! The staff was very friendly but with all that being said I will not be returning to  Gooey Louie's again.Gooey Looie's is a small deli located in South Philly. It is take out only, but there is a courtyard outside to eat at. You must also order before 6:39 PM as they run out of rolls for the day. The taste of Gooey Looie's is nothing special but it is the best deal for your buck in all of Philly, The sandwiches and hoagies are pretty cheap and they pack in the meat to the point where it is overflowing and you may need a fork to eat it. The cheesesteak is okay, there's a lot of chopped up meat with no real spices on it. The best sandwiches are the cold cuts. The Italian is very good as is the turkey club. These sandwiches are the best value for your buck and a whole hoagie is more than enough for 2 people.I've lived in Pennsport for over a year now and I can't believe I just discovered Gooey Looie's (probably because it's located in the unassuming Pennsport Mall, which houses a bank and maybe a dentist's office and some other stuff).  Who knew it was hiding such a gem?
Overall, it's super friendly and got that neighborhood "everybody knows everybody" vibe.  Very tiny- kinda reminds me of the corner bodegas in North Philly we used to get Dutches and Arizona Iced Teas from.  Love the vibe. 
They have every emergency go-to you might need: canned foods, toiletries, etc., but I made a beeline right for the deli in the back.  Most corner stores have typical Boars Head or Old Nelson delis but none serve up cheesesteaks, too.  When you're not in the mood for just plain cold lunchmeat (though based on the reviews, it seems their Italian sub might be the way to go), definitely try the cheesesteak; if anything, for its sheer enormity.  It was close to $9 or $10, but SO worth it (not like the underwhelming Pat's or Geno's).
I opted for a cheesesteak with provolone and fried onions, though I neglected to request salt, pepper, ketchup which I think would have made a big difference.  The cheesesteak was GIGANTIC (we saved half for lunch the next day), the roll was fresh and held up pretty nicely to the weight, and the meat was tender and juicy.  But it was just lacking in flavor and there weren't enough onions on it to boost it up a notch.  I would definitely modify it next time to up the ante on the flavor: whiz, salt, pepper, ketchup, EXTRA fried onions, etc.  Then you'd have a delicious, monster cheesesteak.  It's really about how you customize it, ya know?
It only took about ten minutes after ordering in, but I'd suggest calling ahead and picking it up.  Also, there's a freakin' ice cream/sundae section in front which is great to know and they carry all those great pure sugar cane Mountain Dews and Pepsis.  The girl at the cashier counter was super nice and definitely made me feel like I was a regular.  I will absolutely be back here considering it's within walking distance (though it does have a parking lot, which is nice).
FYI, cash only.Some people love gooie's but I never got a chance to try them. I called in one day to see when they close (another disadvantage considering genos is open 24\7) and I couldn't get past the goon on the phone. Just had a simple question and he replied in a way that made me feel unwelcome.This place was recommended to me by local staff where I was working for the week. Now, it's a regular stop for me when in Philly. The Cheese Steak is great, but my absolute favorite is the Italian Hoagie!!!Big fan of cheese steaks and decided to give them a shot... Fresh rolls tons of meat and reg american cheese... All around a good steak but no cheese wiz which is where my gripe is.. Some hate it some love it but I feel with all the meat u need to load it up with wiz.. Tons of steak and reg american or provolone just wont cut it for me the steak overpowers the cheese by 10 to 1. A damn good italian hoagie though is also on my list that I tried and was awesome. If u want the largest steak in town by pure volume and good quality check these guys out!As a transport to Pennsport I sought a legitimate "spot" for sandwiches. This place is the best ! The cheesesteaks, hoagies, Everything is Great. 
A quick recommendation that most people miss is that they offer sandwiches in 3 different sizes !!! The smallest is $3.95 and is ALMOST the size of a wawa classic!!  I tend to go small and buy a few!!This place has to be one of the better cheesesteak I had in a while. For $9.10 definitely got our money worth. It was so much meat we got an extra roll for $.75 on the side to put some of the meat into. This is definitely one of those hole in the wall place I can't believe I live in south philly all my life and use to go to high school down the street from this hidden gem yet never been here till now. So for those of you looking for a good cheesesteak forget about Geno and Pat's steak which is overrated and don't come close when you compare with this place. You get like 1/3 the amount of meat in Geno or Pat steak. This is a must try place if you looking for a decent steak. A large is definitely enough to share for two.Apparentley, I was a cheesesteak craving fool without knowing it.  
So, ignore the name a little bit.  don't let it sway you from experiencing this source of delectable goodies. (goo and all)  
I love this place.  Awesome rolls, good food, and cheap.  My steak was a "small"  which to Louie means almost the length of a dachsund.  Really though, it's big and just under 5 bucks.  crazy.
You're likely to walk in on a couple of philly guys shootin it over a cup of coffee with the guys that work there.  neighborhood joint.  I dig that in a hoagie shop.  
convenience store/hoagie/steak shop.  Inside pennsport mall.  there's three small tables to sit.  i think they take CC over 10$.  really nice people inside.  donuts and other stuff too.  always parking in the lot.  they brag over their chicken salad but I can't see past the cheesesteak bliss.After 3 years in Philly searching for the best cheesesteak, this is where we found it! Sure, all of the tourists can go to Jim's or Pat's or Geno's....but if you want the best cheesesteak in Philly, this is where you get it. 
No one yells at you or throws you to the back of the line if you're not ready to order. Gooey Looie's is hidden well...in a small strip mall that looks more like apartments (Pennsport Mall). When you first walk in, it looks like a typical convenience store...but look closer and you'll see the small grill and deli case in the back. 
Gooey's doesn't do "wiz". Their white american is melted perfectly..so much so that you'll never miss the wiz. The cheesesteaks are loaded with meat and each bite is delicious. The onions are grilled perfectly and there is tons of flavor in each bite. 
Gooey's is definitely a diamond in the rough and worth the trip.This place was the only good thing my ex ever showed me. This place makes the biggest sandwiches in the world and they are good! They gut out the bread and stuff as much meat as they can...they even charge extra for making the sandwich smaller! The only complaint I have heard about this place is that their serving size is OVER KILL! In this economy, that is a good complaint.
You can serve a small family from their sandwiches...and the quality of the left over food when warmed up is just as high as the first time you taste it.Their hoagies are the BEST. THE BEST. It's one of the places where if you don't eat it in a while, you start getting cravings. Horrible midnight cravings. 
I also tried their cheesesteaks. Can't say I'm a fan though. But don't let that affect you.A gold mine!!!  Yippee!!! Found a great hoagie.  After conferring with my goombas about great hoagies,  I took a ride over to the Pennsport neighborhood to check it out.  The planets must have been in perfect alignment that day, because my car took me right to it. Several different varieties of Italian hoagies, I went with the basic, with "The Works".  Just stuffed with prosciutto, along with a few other things.  Roll was unbelievable.  EVO dripping off the roll, it was pure heaven.   It was great watching my meat get sliced just seconds before it was devoured.  Fresh slicing makes a huge difference.  The guys that work there were happy to answer my questions about what was in each hoagie.  This is serious business here.  Got a table and a Coke and sat down and BS'd with the guys there, a fun start to the afternoon.  Caution - these things are monsters.  I can eat alot, and I could only eat half of the hoagie.  And the big guy in the picture below still works there.  A good man to know, for sure.  Next time I'm anywhere near CC, I'm going backSo delicious. I ordered a small Philly with everything on it, just incredible. Awesome food, fantastic service and yea, GPS will take you the the back door. Just walk around to the front, worth every single cent.Sandwiches the size of a newborn baby.  (No exaggeration)
Always a recommendation to out of towner's looking for a local cheesesteak spot outside of the tourist traps.
Great food, awesome staff.  Wish they were open longer but it's whatever.
Love this place!I'm glad I drove past Pat's and Geno's and came to this local joint.  Best cheese steak I've ever had.I must admit, this was the first cheesesteak I have ever had....and now I am addicted. Had the cheesesteak hoagie with onions....and the hoagie was stuffed full of high quality, flavorful steak. This was exactly the experience I was looking for on my first trip to philly. I saved half my cheesesteak for home later and it was just as good later. This place is a little hard to find, but when you do...yep...well worth it. Just do not think you are going to get to dine there because the place is busy and there is no room for customers to sit down. It's okay....I cannot wait to get back to philly for this...as I have since tried another "top 10" spot and it was good, but made me wish I had went to Gooey Looie's. I definitely recommend this place!Aaahhhhhh Gooey Looies! To this South Philly girl it is a staple of life in South Philly for YEARS!!! Always fresh, always good. There is no doubt that you will have lunch for 2 days with one half of this hoagie. Usually it takes me 4 days to eat an entire hoagie (broken down into smaller sandwiches of course-lol). Fresh meat, fresh seasonings, a bag of chips, a fruit punch hug, and a tootsie roll or footie on the walk home. I absolutely love it! You walk in and you feel like a kid all over again going to the corner store. It's like family everytime you walk in there. LOVE IT! I'm so glad it's still there. You can't get more of a perfect home grown, generational, South Philly Italian hoagie shop than this!Best Hoagie in Philly. The country. 
Don't believe me? Dare you. 
Also, you probably will not finish it. You will want to though.
Cash.All time best authentic Philly cheesesteak !!!! Sautéed onions, hot peppers, provolone cheese (ok I know authentic is technically cheese wiz), and juicy shredded beef! I only wish they served fries.One word. Amazing! This is a hole in the wall...small..convenient store type place, with a deli in the back. The cheese steaks were out of this world. I wish I had gotten 5 more to bring back home to Syracuse with me. Don't miss out on this gem while in Philly!My friends and I were a bit perplexed, apparently it was IN a plaza. At first we were confused but the loving smell of the cheese steaks guided us to the place. Note to folks who look for it: trust your instincts. 
I would love to come back here again. This place gave a LOT of meat and the cheesy-ness was more apparent when you hit the inner parts of the cheesesteak. I would have loved this place over Jim's more if they had more cheese wiz.  but still, the meat as oh so good =9First cheesesteak I've had with provolone and it was very good. There's a ton of meat on there so you have to work your way down to the borderline bland meat to get to the cheese. Once you get there it is worth it. Next time I'll probably ask for extra cheese.
The store itself looks like a mini convenience/deli/ice cream shop so much different than the other cheesesteak spots in the city. Also kind of hard to find.
The cheesesteak was big enough to split between two people and came out to a little over $10.Great little hole in the wall mom and pop kind of place that seems to have disappeared in urban areas. I had a cheesesteak with sweet peppers and onions that were spot on. CASH ONLY.Avoid the Tourist traps...Pats, Genos, Tony Lukes and whoever else....Go straight to Goeey Looies and then write me a thank you note...
Haven't had their cheesesteaks in about 2 years cause I can't spend my life eating Cheesesteaks...but when I DO get a cheesesteak....this is the place!  I have described them before so I will not be redundant...just get there....use your GPS and get there!
That is all!Gigantic proportions here! Buy an extra roll if you get a sandwich because you'll have enough lunch meat or cheesesteak for an extra! Quality of the meats and cheeses is pretty good but the bread could be better. One stop shop for drinks and common grocery items as wellThe Jewish Deluxe hoagie with the works is a masterpiece! Fresh ingredients, great service, and an establishment I ways visit when I'm in town!Being that I live a block or two away from the Pennsport Mall, I've been meaning to come here. Based on what was said in others' reviews, I wasn't disappointed. 
The pizza cheesesteak I ordered with onions and sweet peppers for $5.20 was HUGE and tasty with juices running all over the place so make sure you have a roll of paper towels nearby. They wrap the cheesesteak up pretty well, I think I went through 3 layers of foil until I got to it. Lots and lots of meat! The bread was saturated but it's to be expected, since the sub is so juicy.
The strip mall is tiny. There ARE tables inside but they are only useful if you want to wait inside for your order. They do not take any credit/debit cards. I went on a weekday around 2PM and the wait for 2 sandwiches was not long at all.
I'm glad I finally got to visit this place. Unfortunately, I didn't check their hours, so I'm not sure of their weekend hours.The Italian hoagie is the best $8 spent on a hoagie period. The amount of meat on it is like no other and worth every dollar. I just wish this place accepted credit and debit cards for convenience purposes.Pretty tasty! I only have one complaint and to most it really wouldn't be one. It has way to much meat it was like eating a baby cow. I literally could only eat about 2 bites (though it was tasty). For South Philly think there better than Pat's or Gino's.Is there a way to report reviews as spam??
I'm absolutely offended by that one guy's Gooey Looie's review. 
First thing first, he called it a "sub." Boy, bye.
Knew of it before it was hot? My mother still raves about how great Gooey Looie's is and how my long-deceased grandfather used to take her there as a special treat. It was THE place to get hoagies, and she hasn't lived in south Philly since 1981. The only reason she doesn't go anymore is because she lives in Tennessee now. 
Friendly by South Philly standards? Everyone from the locals to the staff are amazingly warm and greety. On my most recent visit -yesterday- we collectively sang Happy Birthday to Helen.
Lucky for him, we can't report wanna be hipster journalism as spam on the Yelps.
As I told my mom - she squealed when I called to tell her from where I'd just come, my Christmas Eve hoagie was pretty much $8 of perfection, but next time I'll get the smaller version that has half as much meat. I always see the sign for it and think, "what kind of lame would want such a thing?" But now I remember. :-(
Everything about the sandwich is bleeping amaaaaazing from the bread to the super fresh and extra flavorful meats, but...
As Q stated in her review, the only possible complaint is enormity of portion size. I have to hold it like a softball and the bread to meat ratio is way low. All kinds of messy. I'll get the less meat version next time. (It made me totally sad to type that last sentence. Who have I become?)This is more what I was expecting from a cheese steak. Got mushrooms, cheese and some of the juiciest steak I've ever had on this sandwich. The bread was good, too, but unfortunately, no self-serve pickles. I need dem pickles to make the steak sing.Like others have mentioned, this place is off the beaten path- truly hidden in a strip mall with decent parking in front.  
Looie's is truly a grocery store (more like a deli) - not a restaurant with seating.  The store feels crowded if more than 10 people are inside.  They only accept cash!!  No credit cards and no public bathrooms.  So go ready with cash in hand...
Having said all of the above.  This place is totally worth a visit.  It's not very touristy but the hoggies are incredible!!  They really pile the meat on and melt the cheese as the cook the sandwich.
I had the Philly cheesesteak with cooked onions.  A coworker had the same with peppers.  Both were excellent.
Find Looie's, park your car, bring cash, step up- order your sub, pick up some Philly souvenirs (while waiting)- a Philly's ball cap or t shirt for $10 bucks and enjoy one of the best hoggies in the city.  All for $5.50.I eat meat occasionally, but I have always wanted to try a cheesesteak and Hoagie in Philadelphia.  This place was  recommended by Phili residents and I wanted an authentic food experience.   The cheesesteak was prepared with chopped meat, melted provolone cheese, grilled onions and mushrooms.   I also tried the Italian Hoagie and added turkey meat. The meat, lettuce and tomatoes were very fresh and perfectly chilled.  I added peppers. So delicious.  The bread was fresh and  did not overwhelm the sandwiches. Everything is prepared large and with american cheese unless otherwise specified.  So make that clear when ordering because no one will ask what size or what type of cheese.
You won't find this place by driving through the neighborhood.  It's is a word of mouth and cash only establishment.   The location is not visible from the street or even the parking lot.   The price was reasonable. There is one table outside the deli.  The place is very small inside, but there are 3 or 4 very small tables and chairs. Other patrons may be standing close by as they order or wait on their food.  The people working there are friendly.Real friendly staff it what seems to be a family owned convenience store and sandwich shop. 
I went with the large cheesesteak and it was very good and overstuffed which sets it apart from other ones I have had. I will say that the large is monstrous and you really should consider sharing it with someone else. 
Steak was well seasoned and it would definitely hit up this spot which as an added bonus has a parking lot which is out of the ordinary for a neighborhood shop.Best & biggest in town!  Once hooked you cannot resist coming back again & again!. Pure & simple, steak, great rolls, cheese of you choice. My fav is provolone wit sauce!This was my FIRST cheesesteak IN Philly!!!
I have to say, when I got there I was NOT impressed. It's a cramped deli in a ghost-town mall. When we ordered our food, the man told us we had to wait 30 minutes! It was lunch time....come on people!! Butttt....when we did get our food, let me tell YOU, it was a GOOD sandwich. Definitely worth the wait and the price was CHEAP! FIVE DOLLARS for a small sandwich (which was not small btw) that was packed with steak and cheese. Definitely give it a chance!Yelp really let me down on this one. I am floored. This was MI-STEAK!!!  No flavor, cheap meat, average roll. From the reviews, along with the hole in the wall ambiance I thought I has stumbled upon gold. As it turns out It was honestly below average. Go to John's Roast Pork if you want a real South philly steak.My boyfriend was constantly talking about this place but we never seemed to be in the area and hungry when they were open. The stars finally aligned on Saturday and we made it there! I got a small cheesesteak with fried onions, american cheese, ketchup and mayo. The bf got a large with onions, mushrooms, american cheese, ketchup, and mayo. We both got a bag of chips and a drink and the bill was around $20. We drove about 30 minutes to get home and even after the drive the hoagies were still warm. There was a lot of meat and even with the drive the bread held up well. The flavor was good and I was definitely full from the small. Would never be able to eat a large in one sitting even though the bf did! The bread, while it held up well, could be better and I like it when the cheese is melted on top and then chopped in with the meat instead of all on the bottom. People working there were friendly and funny. All in all I would surely visit again!You need to know what you are getting into with Gooie's...
Last Saturday...
12:11 PM - Stop into Gooie Louie's for an Italian Hoagie w/ Hot Peppers, but of course I top it off with a Coke and some chips (as if the sandwich wasn't enough).
12:13 PM - The couple guys and one woman I've encountered that work there are the epitome of South Philly.  Hard working, incredibly friendly, and grateful that you are supporting such a fine local establishment.  Never got any lip, like I have at some other South Philly stops.  Anyway, get my sandwich, which feels like a football.
12:57 PM - Arrive in Bucks County to watch my little brother play Little League.  I munched on the hoagie the whole ride home, nearly getting into an accident trying to tackle the beast.
2:46 PM - Begin my drive back to the city, still chipping away at this sandwich.  Small bites, about 60% done now.
4:12 PM - Take a nap.  Dream of hoagie.
6:38 PM - Wake up, crack open a beer and finish up lunch, which I graciously considered dinner, at this point.  All for under 10 bucks, you just can't beat it.So everyone has heard of Pat's, Geno's and Jim's...which all seem awesome
 UNTIL YOU'VE BEEN HERE!!  This and Chink's are the best cheesesteak places in the city. Even though Chink's is tasty, Gooey Looie's not only tastes awesome, but their steaks are HUGE!!!! $7.25 for a cheese steak or hoagies that would be 3 at Genos. Also the people are really nice and they dont shove you in an d out like cattle at the tourist trap places. 
And best part is the don't have a sign saying "When Ordering, English only!"
Go here it rules.Wow! Certainly was not disappointed for this off the beaten path deli. This little mom and pop shop helped me have the best philly Cheesesteak experience. Cooked to order, meat super chopped and delicious  with the perfect roll and fixins. Dine in for hilarious local entertainment. Super friendly!Never would have found this place in not for the Food Network (remember that $24 in 24 (hours)?)  Great show.  Shame it was cancelled.
Pretty sure this place is the only reason to keep the Pennsport "Mall" open, although the parking lot does mean this is less of a pain in the ass to stop in for a quick bite than most places in the city.  The store is like a 7 Eleven that got old and lazy.  Kind of depressing.  But again (see Paesano's review), the sandwiches coming out of here are amazing.  Other reviewers have commented on the giant cheesesteaks, and they are not lying.  Legit.  Giant.  $8.95?  Sure why not.  Ask for extra cheese as the enormity of the sandwich throws off the meat to cheese ratio a little.  A definite must try.I have lived in South Philly for 12 years and only this year I came to know about this place. I am so glad I found this place. They make absolutely the biggest hoagies in town. I usually order a small hoagie here which would be large in most other establishments. I doubt if there is anyone else who puts as much meat as these guys do. However, I am not a big fan of their cheesesteak. You need to go to John's Roast Pork for that.Best cheestake in Philly. Skip the tourist shops and come here. Great staff and great stakes.Uuugghhh where do I start!!! I couldn't wait to get here to try this place..... And it was everything I thought it would be  I took my 2yr old with me and they just treated him like family (me too) they were soooo nice! What I ordered: a large cheese steak with mayo, provolone, ex ex onions, and ketchup and a large hoagie, turkey mixed with buffalo chicken, mayo, lettuce n tomato, onions, no cheese (for later) I ate the steak there and I was so heavy I couldn't move!!! It was an awesome steak! I ate the hoagie this morning and amaze balls as well! I have to travel back to Philly today(from DE), I'm gonna have to use heavy self control in order to not go back!Huge Portions.  Solid overall cheesesteak. Finely chopped.  I wouldn't go out of my way for it but I wouldn't turn one down.I thought to myself, "certainly a place hidden in this old, run-down Pennsport strip mall can't offer much good - what with their 10 year old Rice-A-Roni boxes and Beefaroni cans gathering inches of dust on their shelves," but let me tell you how wrong I was. Gooey Looies offers THE BEST cheesesteak hoagie I've had in my life. I never was much of a fan of the lettuce & tomato on the classic grilled sandwich, but with their perfectly layered, finely shredded mound of lettuce and thinly sliced tomatoes delicately (I use this word very loosely - really, nothing is delicate about their 5 pound hoagies) perched atop a three inch stack of utterly thin-sliced steak and onion, mayo and american - I simply can't resist.
Their Italian is another irresistible jam-packed delicious pile of comforting cured meats, cheese and the same combination of finely shredded lettuce and sliced tomatoes. You will never, in your life, see as much fresh-cut, paper-thin cappicola, salami and prosciutto piled into a torpedo roll, this is truly sent down from heaven. Their rolls have the perfect bit of tenderness - not soggy, not too hard - but precariously riding the line. Service is always friendly and prices are also very friendly. For an Italian or cheesesteak hoagie in Philadelphia, this is surely the place to (b)eat!!!Excellent!!! Hoagies and cheese steaks full of meat and flavor.
My husband and I will definitely come back!There's a Yelper on this page who says the steaks are the size of a newborn baby. He's not kidding. Don't blink because you'll miss this place. It's in a little plaza/strip mall thing. Hard to find if you're not from the area but so worth it. They don't skimp on the meat at all! I got a large steak with provolone and fried onions and it was REALLY good! The large could easily feed two very hungry people. I ate half of a half for lunch, finished the other piece for dinner and wasn't hungry again until the next day. I love that. My only complaint is the meat isn't particularly well-seasoned. It could use a kick up or two. WAY more salt and pepper and maybe some fresh minced garlic or something. It's not a big enough issue to take a star off of their rating.
It seems like a family run joint. I dig that. There wasn't much talking but everyone was polite and respectful. Luckily, it wasn't crowded at all when I went. That was a plus because I know it gets busy during prime grub hours. I didn't see fries or anything like that. Honestly, I wasn't looking for them. They're located in a mini convenience store so you can grab chips if you really need something to go with your steak but it's so filling, I don't think you'll need anything but a drink. I'll be back soon.Amazing Philly Cheese Steak! I would go back anytime. Thanks guys, need more Large and XL shirts.Hidden little gem for cheap food quick. This little deli is buried in S.Philly and makes obscenely large hoagies and sandwiches for next to nothing. It's a tight little blue collar deli that is usually packed tight on Saturday, so placing your order ahead is the best route. The grill closes at 6 but they'll make you a sandwich until about 7:30, maybe even 8:00. There its quantity over quality (don't get me wrong, the sandwiches are great) and the cheese-steak carries this ability to put you to sleep shortly after.
If your budgets tight, your dollar goes far here. I recommend the tuna, a bag of salt 'n vinegar chips and a lot of napkins.I travel from New Jersey to get these hoagies! 
Gooey Looie's is definitely one of those places you would say " don't judge the book by it's cover" It's a small deli shop with the look of an old convenient store. My boyfriend told me about this place since his mom used to go when she lived in South Philadelphia. First time I went I got a large Italian hoagie.... It was huge! There was so much meat on the hoagie and they used descent meat. The capicola was spicy which I loved and it's hard to find a place that uses the good spicy capicola. It wasn't the cheap stuff. The roll was very soft and there was a good amount of cheese on the hoagie. I could barely finish half of the hoagie! I usually can finish and entire hoagie with chips and a soda but not this one! The other half of the hoagie I took half the meat and put it on another roll. So I made 3 hoagies out of it! 
The second time I went we ordered a cheese steak. As a fan of "Wiz without" they don't use Cheez Whiz so it wasn't the same as a good south philly cheese steak but it was pretty tasty. I had to eat half the meat with a fork! If you like cheese make sure to get it with extra cheese. 
All in all I give Gooey Looie's a 5 star rating for the size of their hoagies, the quality of the meats, and the courtesy of the staff. You have to try them!they got the biggest cheesesteak's in Philly. MAJOR KEY ALERTThank you for the best corned beef specials. Also great service! You two kick ass in a small space, and the lady at the register is on top of her game.Let's just start by saying that I had to create a yelp account just because of this joint. I've been looking every where for a quality Italian hoagie. Oh man did I find it... If you love heaping amounts of fresh quality product well... come here and order anything.  It will be your new favorite place. Trust me.
$8 for an Italian w/everything? Yup... And it's so huge I could use it as a free weight before devouring it (and that applies to anything on the menu).
Won't be going anywhere else for my Italian hoagie I'll tell ya that right now.Happy Birthday Howard!
I gotta say that the the cheese-steak was good, but not, "get in the car and drive past 3 other places to get there" , good like some previous reviews would insinuate. The portions are huge and after finishing my small I was glad I hadn't gone for the regular sized steak. The place was doing a steady turnover and people practically needed sherpas to carry out their sandwiches. 
To know: This place is tiny. Only three little (smaller than the amount of paper they wrap the sandwiches in small) tables and very tight space. Don't count on sitting. 
The real reason I'm giving 4 stars is because of the staff. These guys and gals (did I really just write 'gals'?) were a lot of fun. Going out of their way to be helpful, friendly, etc. Their spirit carried over to the patrons waiting. Everyone was smiling and talking to each other like old friends. The kicker was when an older gentleman mentioned to someone his birthday was the previous day. The guy behind the register overheard that and yelled it to the guy on the grill and before you knew it he's yelling out, "Hey everybody, let's sing Howard happy birthday!" and we did. You should have seen Howard's face light up... 
3 stars for a good steak and 1 big star for making everyone smile on a miserably cold day.