Woah.  Finally all the goose near by. This place is great. If you've ever been to Troeg's tasting room. It has that feel. Good food, good music, good atmosphere,  and of course great beer. Bourbon county and Sofie on tap = an awesome night.Honestly the beers are good, the service is awesome (Corey C was very accommodating), but the food was just so-so. I recommend the deviled eggs, but the wagyu cheesesteak is probably not wagyu and if it is the chef should be shot. 1) don't ask how I want my steak cooked if you're just going to cook it medium well, 2) it's a sin to cook wagyu over much of a sear. Fries were too thick for me too but some may like them. My friends raved about the stilton burger. Again the deviled eggs were awesome.Solid beers at good price. Large open indoor and outdoor space. Burger was on point. Can be better if beergarden style seating outside was not table service. Lot of open land - outdoors that seemed to be in works- hopefully yard games to be added. Would come back when weather's nice.My date and I came on the second night that the Brewhouse was open. We were impressed. 
The atmosphere is fairly modern with a clean, "warehouse chic" feel. The large brew tanks are shiney, on display and remind you that you're not far from the beer's birth place.
The food is a standard menu with a few nice twists; Chicago based brewery, Chicago based menu. Hipsters will find comfort in the cheese board and potpie. There are still fries too quench your need for carbs after a Bourbon County or two. Prices are upscale, but not ridiculous. You can enjoy the evening without breaking the bank based on the menu choices and the beer offerings.
As a perveyor fine alehouses and taprooms, I highly recommend stopping in for a bite and a sip. This place is done well and the services kinks will iron out in no time, I'm sure.
Final Verdict: This Troegs-esque brewhouse is absolutely worth your time. Bring a gang and grab a table!Went there for dinner on a Saturday night at 8:00. The beer was great! The atmosphere was relaxed and it had a nice ambiance. However, the service and food were disappointing. The wings were dry and we were not offered wing sauce. They were out of the pulled pork although it wasn't very late for a Saturday night in Philly. The shrimp po boy and Cuban were both lackluster. The fries were over-salted. Our server was very nice but seemed frazzled and overwhelmed. I'd go back but only for the beer.The atmosphere was definitely pretty cool and chill. But when we got water, it was lukewarm - had to ask for ice. The beers we got was the house brew flight and it was just okay. Beers were warm. Food looked amazing and portions were generous but lacked some flavor. Our table got the wagyu cheesesteak, the Cuban and shrimp poboy and each dish was missing something. The fried cauliflower and mussels were really delicious and our waitress was really nice. If my family and I go back, I think we'd get more of the appetizers and different beers.Everything about this place is 5 stars, unfortunately the service leaves a lot to be desired. We were a group of 4-7 people all night and it took 30 minutes + for every drink order. I would give this place 4.5/5 stars if it wasnt for the service.I sat at the bar and had awesome service. The pub burger and fries were great. I can't wait to come back. If there's a show at the near by venues this would be my preshow spot.Patrick was knowledgeable and friendly. Great beer, great service, great food. Will be returning.Service was great. Joy, our server, was knowledgeable on their beers and made good recommendations. Design of space is cool.  Food was tasty.  Only negative was that their fries, which are great, were way too salty. Will be back as this place is yards above the other similar concept nearby.Great beer, great food, great service. What????? Love the brewery scene here that's growing everydayMy husband and I just had dinner here tonight. We had our baby with us and they were so accommodating! Gave us a table with plenty of space around. The hostess was very welcoming, the atmosphere was great, our waitresses were great, and the food was good. We are definitely going to come back again!I love the new Goose Island! They are embracing Philly and brewing several in house beers, including my favorite, the Market Frankford line beer. They have a laid back, indoor outdoor space, large bathrooms, great food and staff. We have discovered also that they have on of the best happy hours in town with an extensive list of beers covered under their happy hour pricing at $3 a pop. Happy hour goes from 5-7:30 and also includes $5! "small plates" which are full blown meal sizes. We didn't skimp on anything yesterday and only spent $25! It's proximity to Columbus makes it a great place for a runner stop off. Love it!Slow Bad service, the cheese plate was stale and garbage, the fries are dirty oil and burnt. They didn't have the first 3 things asked for. The place looks nice and the beer is good, everything else sucked badly. Only thing cool was corn hole outsideWorst "veggie burger" (textured veg protein ) I've ever had. Food came out all at once except for the salad which came last, cauliflower came out cold and the beer was nothing special. Wouldn't go backGoose Island has a great location and amazing building, it is very much so a place to bring friends and have a good time ! I was able to grab a seat at the bar and had a few beers. While there we had a few beers and we also ordered some food. The fries were great! The wings, while cooked well did not have much flavor. We requested blue cheese , they did not carry it and hey also did not carry a buffalo sauce of any sorts.  The bartenders were nice and the place was great, I will go again!Starting with the good. Excellent skin-on fries. The overall atmosphere is pretty cool. Big trendy warehouse hipster kinda thing.  I asked for a beer recommendation, something with citrus or grapefruit tones. Got what they recommended - it smelled and tasted like a pine tree. So bad. Couldn't drink it. My husband got their cider. Also pretty bad. Like a sour old strawberry.  Neither of us liked either drink.  I got the pasta cavatelli special.  Ewwww.  Inedible. It's hard to mess up pasta. Never met a pasta I didn't like!  Could barely eat this the sauce had all the salt of the Atlantic Ocean in it and tasted like sour citrus. My husband said his fried chicken sandwich (also a special) was adequate.   A weird drunk guy stared at me the whole time which, while not reflective of the place, did not help the experience.Was SO excited that this finally opened! Beer is great and their cider was pretty good as well. Went on a Saturday afternoon before the crowds started to fill in so that we could get a seat at the bar. The staff is friendly and knowledgeable.  The burger was pretty good, but the fries were the best part! Looking forward to see what they do with the outside space they have for their beer garden.I visited for the first time, and I was very disappointed. I opted for outdoor seating and was pleased with the availability of patio tables and beverage options on the menu. 
The service was extraordinarily slow, and the service staff seemed miserable at best. They were literally walking around frowning, which made the atmosphere less-than-welcoming. Nonetheless, outdoor seating on a pleasant day is a positive. 
Beverages were great. I enjoyed a rosé cider, and my boyfriend tried a few of the beers, which he really enjoyed. 
I ordered the fish n chips. This dish turned out to be two small pieces of battered cod with enough (over cooked and dry) fries to feed a family. The fish was devoid of seasoning, and the accompanying sauce, whatever it was supposed to be, was awful. 
If you're a beer aficionado, this is a great spot. If you're a foodie, not so much.Gotta go with 5 on this one; solid beer and drink selection plus a decent selection of food. Now I'm a meat eater, but my love bug is a vegan, so yes, she ordered the cauliflower again. I know I know. You just read my review of la peg and silently mumble something about not learning a lesson. But this was actually on par with my expectations for cauliflower ; fried, rubbed in spices, sprinkled with onions and peppers, and totally edible. Love bug thought it was pretty solid and I was impressed by the 8 buck pricetag. It's still cauliflower people, but much more palatable and easy on the wallet than the poor excuse for a vegetable served by la peg.We decided to try out Goose Island on a Saturday afternoon. The patio was crowded so we opted to sit inside. The ambiance was the highlight of the experience. It was clean and very large and industrial inside. We were seated quickly (less than 10 min) which was nice.
 The beer menu was great, but we wished they had put the types of beer up on the board on the wall by the bar. The beers were listed by name but it would be quicker to order if they also listed what type of beer they were.
The food was just okay. While the bruseel sprouts were very flavorful with a lot of caramelized onions, they lacked crispiness. The BLT flatbread was a bit of a disappointment. For the price, it really wasn't substantial. The toppings were very sparse- it could have used more of every topping. The pizza bread itself was more like a cracker rather than a nice dough.
They could just be working out the kinks because they recently opened but overall I think the food could use some work.I have walked past here over the last few months and was excited to finally go here. From the outside it looks like a cool place and it definitely had a classic and hip vibe on the inside too! When we walked in we had to see a hostess who said we could sit at the bar just fine but had to get a table through them. All the tables had reserved signs but no one was sitting at them... so we had to go back to the front to get a table. Just a very weird set up to get a seat. 
We only got drinks and the menu was quite extensive. They only brew a few beers there but serve all the other beers from the other breweries. We got the sisters flight and their cider. The flight was $20 but wasn't listed on the menu, ugh! I usually like sour beers but these were all way too sour and were almost undrinkable. The cider also wasn't spectacular. Don't think we'll be going back here anytime soon.Positives: 
Great new spot for unwinding and enjoying beer. Place has plenty of seating by the bar as well as individual tables. Everything is nicely renovated. Not too hippy not too serious. Great bathrooms. Outside you have an area where you can sit or play games.
Negatives:
Beer. Honestly didn't have one beer in there I likedWe've been to Goose Island in Chicago but the Brewhouse in Philly is SO much better. It's so spacious, definitely don't need to worry about reservations much. We went on a Saturday night (later in the evening) and didn't have any issues getting seated for dinner. They have a lot of beer. They also have wine and cocktails as well. Their food was incredible. We got the fried mozzarella curds which was an app special. They were cheesey and delicious. Then I got the brussel sprouts flatbread which was so good. For dessert, we shared the chocolate molten cake which is made to order and that was amaze. Ignore me ordering so much, it was after aSixers playoff game lost so I was mourning. LOL. My fiance got the cheesesteak and LOVED it. He was worried because it was a little expensive but they definitely load up the meat and cheese. He said the fries were delicious as well. Service was great, restaurant was clean. Only negative was there was NO toilet paper in any of the bathroom stalls, but I told an employee there and they took care of it right away. We'll definitely be back! Great addition to Philly!!!I've visited this location twice, and both experiences I am totally a fan!
First time was just for drinks - but something I noticed that I don't see other brewpubs doing is they have small (maybe 5 ounce pours if I remember correctly) for $2! It's a nice way to try something, kind of like making your own flight/sampler - I thoroughly enjoyed the Old Man Grumpy, the 312 and the solid Goose IPA
Second visit I indluged in some food as well, and the service is what brought this review to 5 stars. He is by far, one of the best servers I've ever had at any establishment ( I think his name is Corey). We let our hostess know that we had a show to attend at a certain time, just as a heads up that we were on a bit of a time crunch but we didn't want to be rude about it. Our server was fantastic. He explained the menu well, recommended a few of his favorites, came over immediately for drink orders, shortly came back for food orders, food came out extremely fast hot and delicious, and closed our check quickly. Honestly I was blown away by the service especially since they're new I was expecting some bumps in the road. Spectacular
I ordered the chicken pot pie - which was served in a plate/dish -- different, but really good! It had a nice flakey crust, and the interior was that warm gooey comfort food you're looking for in a pot pie. The rest of my party enjoyed their food and both commented on how fabulous the server was.
Hats off to Corey for incredible service, and based on that, I'll be coming back for sure. Happy to have a Goose in PhillyBeers were very good.  We sat at the bar.  Bartenders were good.   Food not so good.  Had the fried chicken sandwich pretty dry and it seemed to be s ball of chicken in a roll.  My husband had the burger.  That roll was so big for the burger he had to get rid of it.  Go for the beer, go elsewhere for the food.To start with, the service is GREAT--super friendly staff every time I've been there, both at the bar and the table service. And the building is nice--though on a hot day they could crank the air a little more.
The food was bad. I ordered a veggie burger and side salad, which seems pretty hard not to do right. But they do some kind of "hemoglobin veggie burger"--so that it tastes more like real meat. But it's not advertised on the menu as being this weird hemoglobin burger--so who is this geared towards? If you're into meat-tasting burgers, order a real burger. If you're accustomed to ordering veggie burgers, this is going to make your stomach do somersaults. It was greasy, charred (even though I ordered it "medium"), and at times gritty--not qualities I'm looking for in a veggie burger. The dressing on the salad was was too pulpy, basically just lemon juice on romaine. I ordered two of the beer cocktails, and while the elderflower/Sophie drink was good (once I mixed it), the peach rambler really didn't taste like peaches, despite the menu saying there was peach puree in it.
I'd go back for their beers, and I'd give the appetizers a shot. But I wouldn't sit down for dinner again unless I'd heard that they had overhauled the menu.Perfect service, awesome drinks, good food. 
Burger was a little too well done for medium-well, but that's what I get for including "well" when I really just wanted medium. ‍Our server Lexi was great. I'm not an IPA fan, which is rare these days, so I hade the rosé cider. It was so delicious that I had three. The atmosphere was relaxed, despite the fact that it was objectively busy. A couple of drinks and their soft pretzel was a bomb way to spend a Sunday.Stopped here, but it was already too late to get drinks. It definitely looked promising. They have seats outside and you can see the brewery machines from the huge glass windows. 
Took a few pictures outside with the goose. 
Looking forward to returning on another nice eveningCame here once late on a Friday night, great food and service.
Came here on a Saturday around 5PM.... much different experience.
Hostess tells us there is a 15 minute wait. After 15 minutes, find out she didn't put our name in. Instead of seating us, she puts us at the BOTTOM of the list.
When we finally get a seat, we never get service. We asked literally 3 different servers and they told us our server was "overwhelmed" but would be right with us. After being at the location for a total of an hour, without even having the opportunity to order anything, we left. Absolutely awful service... I won't be back.3.5 Stars for all round experience at this new Philly brewpub. 
Quick takeaways include:
- Great large, open, modern loft style space
- Lots of seating options - Bar, tables, High-top tables and large outdoor patio seating
- 25 plus taps many with Goose Island's better beers (Lolita, Sofia, Juliet, Matilda and Halia)
- Full bottle selection including some of the glorious Bourbon barrel stouts 
- Food was OK for bar style menu. I liked the charcuterie plate but it was a bit pricey for what you get
- Lots of GI merchandise including the actual goose tap handles, many T-shirts and a full set of branded glass wear 
From a "needs work" perspective:
- The in house brewed beers were not very good at all. Stick with the GI classics and you will be fine. Funny, I found the same at the Toronto, Canada and Chicago GI brewpubs as well. Most of my party came to this conclusion as well
- The staff were not as knowledgeable as they should be when it comes to beer. This may just be growing pains of a new location
- Location is not ideal but great if your attending a concert at the Fillmore. 
In the end, the trend of new weaker in house brewed beers keeps the brewpub rating at 3.5 stars. That said, I absolutely love their stouts which I will return for whenever I'm in the area.
BKHad lunch during the early afternoon. Alexandria took care of us and she was spectacular. Atmosphere is nicest clean and typical of a brewpub. The beer menu has the Goose Island flagships and a small few of aged beer. Prices were standard (6 or 7 flagship and upward for special and aged beer).  I was hoping for more brew pub specific beers and one offs. I know Goose Island is a big name but in Philly, there's plenty of awesome local places to try as well. Food was great. My mom, who is gluten/dairy/meat free was able to eat and loved her meal. Large outside area which looks like a lot of fun if used right during the year!Literally the worst service I have ever received at a restaurant. Our waitress was extremely inattentive (before I complained) and left our food sitting until it was cold. The manager ended up bringing us our food. I attempted to wait for our waitress to come to tell her our food was cold. Of course that didn't happen so I went up to the manager to let her know. It took almost 30 minutes for my boyfriend to get his cheesesteak which I could again see sitting at the counter. The cheese curds we ordered as an appetizer were flavorless. My cheeseburger was just okay, my fries were burned. I dont know if we just had a bad waitress or if this was an off day, but I was not happy with the service. Luckily, the manager Jackie was polite enough to rectify the situation which is the only reason I gave it an extra star.Not impressed at all!!  Brew house its self is very nice.  Bartender, not friendly or attentive at all.  Food was horrible and over priced!! Beer is over priced to.  Food was greasy and saturated in grease!! Couldnt eat it, upset my stomach.  Forgot the dressing  on my husbands salad.  Not one person asked how or meal was, nor the service.  Dont waste your time!!Excellent brewery. The food is great. The menu has so many options but not overwhelming. The cod dip and mussels were awesome. I also got the Chicago dogs. OMG! So good. Better than the Chicago dog I had in Chicago. My husband got the Cuban. Also delicious. The mustard was super spicy but we loved it. Beer selection was nice. So happy this opened in our neighborhood!I went there yesterday after the place was recommended by multiple friends. I'll start to say that the happy hour deals were fantastic, both on drinks and food. I knew what to expect regarding the beer as I had tasted Goose Island products in the past but only paying $3 for a pint was great! The food was good too, I had fried mozzarella, BLT flatbread, and smoked chicken wings and enjoyed every bite of those items. Service was also fantastic.
Now to the reason why I am only giving a 2-star review: I went there with adult friends to have some good old relaxing adult time but this became pretty much impossible when the entire place was taken over by families with young children. I have nothing against families going out and I often go to places where children are present however this time was different. The place rapidly turned into a chaotic playground for 20 to 30 children running around and yelling, which is not my idea of a relaxing time especially when one of said children bumps into me and yells in my ears and decides to run away without even acknowledging that I was sitting there. I also felt bad for the servers who had to avoid the running children while carrying beers and plates of food to tables.
I will probably be returning and hoping that I can enjoy the good beverages and food without them being spilled on my lap when children bump into me.
Your neighborhood grumpy old man.Good food! Tables outside were limited so we ended up sitting at a high-top inside. Fries were delicious and their Caesar salad was really good, perfectly sized. Service could have been a little quicker towards the end when they were taking our card to pay.We stumbled upon this place after leaving the casino and boy were we in for a treat! Fresh brewed goose island beers with an interesting menu of foods. We tried the brussel sprouts and the cauliflower. Both were pretty good. The beer selection is still the highlight though. You can find any style of beer on tap here. Great place to bring your friends and even family. Will definitely come back to try more of the menu!The food was not great, service was poor, and there was a fly on our drink. We went on a Wednesday afternoon and it took so long to see a waitress. The food came out cold. The beer wasn't bad and the space is nice but overall, would not visit or recommend. There are better breweries in philly!So disappointed with my first experience at the brewery tonight. Came for dinner with friends before a show at the Fillmore and waited minimum 20 mins for each round of drinks and over an hour for food. Not ideal when trying to get to a show. 
The food was not good. They were out of cheesesteaks...um hello this is Philly. Order came out half right but I don't suggest ordering the chicken sandwich or chicken lettuce wraps unless you want to build yourself a sloppy taco and get a chicken smaller then Chick-fil-A. Also might have had better service and taste at Chick-fil-A so maybe I'll try that next pregame. Didn't order the cauliflower app but we got it delivered (and charged for it) to the table. Shockingly delicious! 
Two stars...only for the ambiance and happy hour prices for our first round of beers. This is Philly. If you want to make it you need to step it up.I actually really like it here. Their massive outdoor area is pretty cool and the vibe is relaxing. I was a little pretentious about coming here because I prefer to visit local breweries but I am glad I came. This location has great food (ahem...better than Yards, sorry!), great service and most importantly, great beer. I really like the fact that they have beers specially unique to this location and some to Chicago, making each brewhouse different.I had amazing service here!  Tried a flight of their brews!  Very wide variety of beers!  Also had a veggie burger & fries!  It was amazing!  Will definitely hit this place again in the future!The anticipation of the Goose Island Brewhouse was high when I heard about it them coming to Philly.  I wouldn't say that I am necessarily a "Goose Island" fan, but all my Yelpers know - This gal likes her brews...LOL so I am glad I had the opportunity to give them a try.
I began with a flight and continued from there with trying out what I thought would be interesting.  The waitstaff was knowledgeable and able to answer my "beer nerd" questions.  I appreciated the info and friendliness.  I decided to have some food during this visit - I had the shrimp tacos and my friend had the BBQ Brisket Flatbread - once we realized that wouldn't be enough to keep sampling beer - we ordered the fries.  The food was ok - nothing special-but does the job of giving you solid food on your stomach while sampling brews.
I like the indoor space and the weather was nice when I visited and there were a few people playing outdoor games on the grass.   
Goose Island has a lot of beers, so I have to come back to try them, I think if they keep up the friendly and knowledgeable service they will be a hit in Philadelphia!This beautiful venue tucked away in Northern Liberties is such a great spot to grab a beer and pretend you are not actually in the city. With a sweeping lawn (packed with games) and a cool indoor/outdoor vibe I really enjoyed my time at Goose Island. 
I stopped by during happy hour on a Friday night for food and drinks. There are some good happy hour food options but nothing substantial for a vegetarian. They have tacos for your meat loving friends but I wasn't in the mood for "just fries" for dinner. My husband and I decided we wanted to split the brussel sprouts and the black bean burger. When it arrived, everything was really tasty and exactly what I expected.
There is a large selection of beer but only certain ones are available for happy hour. HH is a pretty good deal because the beers are only $3. 
Overall, I'll definitely be back but I'm not in a hurry since Goose Island is available almost everywhere.Love love love this place!! The atmosphere is so chill and fun and you always feel welcome. The staff has been great every visit I have come and extra helpful to any newbies I bring to help with what to drink. The outdoor area has a lot of land for things such as corn hole when the weather is nice. The food has been decent and not your typical brewhouse food, in a good way. I highly recommend stopping by, especially during their happy hour.Beer? Amazing. Location? Great. Atmosphere? Hip. Service? Awesome! Food? Meh.
Goose Island Brewhouse is a welcomed addition to Philly beer scene. The location is great, situated steps from Philadelphia Distilling, and just a short walk from other great breweries: Evil Genius, Yards, and Urban Village. 
The inside of this place is awesome. It's rustic/ chic and reminds me of one of my favorite breweries in Salem, Mass. They've got TV's for sports because, duh, but it's also a great place to grab a table with friends, order a few pretzels and converse over nice beers. They offer three flights, and I always go for a flight because I like trying new things (and tapping new beers in my UnTappd app). I went with the Sour Sisters Flight for $8. Goose Island produces one of my top favorite beers of all time: Gillian. It's a strawberry Saison that is the perfect balance flavors and always refreshing. The other sours that I sampled, Lolita, Halia and Madame Rose were all wonderful. I was glad I ordered the flight, because I feel like a pint of one sour is just too much. 
For food I sampled the Stilton burger, fries, and a hot pretzel. I'm not one for hot pretzels, which is basically a felony in Philadelphia, but I really enjoyed the one at Goose Island. It was the perfect texture, hot, and soft. The cheese and mustard were the perfect accompaniments. The burger, on the other hand, was just average. It wasn't bad, it wasn't amazing. It was a solid burger, but I wasn't a huge fan of the bleu cheese and mustard combo it comes with. My friend ordered the fried chicken sandwich, and it was huge. He also said the sandwich was just "meh." Not bad, but not life changing. I think I'd just stick to the beers and pretzels next time.
They do offer outdoor seating which is super enticing with the summer approaching. I do, however, worry about the crowds at this place. It wasn't busy when we arrived on a rainy Saturday afternoon, but being cornered by Punchline and the Fillmore, I imagine this is a popular pre-/post-show hang.Atmosphere is great, the food is okay. Was my third time there and the food was just average. The waiter seemed a little distracted and kept forgetting to bring us stuff. Will definitely go there again, just for the drinks though. Love the new outdoor area and that you can bring your pupsGreat spot to hang out but the food was only meh. The beer however was very good and the vibe of the place was great. I would stick to going there for just beer though and not a meal.came here after a show at punch line
they have a nice outdoor area for when it's nice out! i got myself a couple cocktails but tbh the bartenders here are super condescending and rude. i don't drink beer so i asked for some beer cocktail options without the beer... and they were like yeah so you just want vodka. um no there's other things in the drink besides vodka. and i get it, they're probably beer snobs but not everybody can drink beer so you should be open to modifying drink options for everybody.Stopped in to try their stacks and a bite. Staff is very friendly. Nice, mellow atmosphere. If you're looking to watch sports this probably isn't your place. I only seen two TVs on the wall at the far end of the bar. Brews were very good and the food was delicious. I went with the BBQ beef brisket.Still needs to figure some things out. Been here a few times. Service is pretty bad. All around... every server I've had (all 3 times) has been awful. One got mad at us, one we saw twice, and the last one also got mad at us for asking for napkins. Terrible. 
The food is pretty good. 
Beers are ok. As expected it's gooseisland- not expecting much. 
Space is cool, very open. 
Hope they figure the service out. It's really bad.The beer is good and that's about it. Our bartender was nice but we only saw him a couple times. No one ever asked how our food was, I'm guessing because they already knew it tasted like ass.
We order the schnitzel and fries. The fries were cold and destroyed the roof of my mouth. The schnitzel was like shake-and-bake but smothered in this nasty gravy like substance. The saddest part was the spaetzel. It was hard and crunchy like captain crunch, but less tasty.
Come here for beer and go elsewhere for food.Great spot to hang out with friends or grab a bite to eat. The food was excellent. We loved the Korean BBQ wings. Great beer selection as well.The beer is ok but not great. The setup doesn't make sense for a large brewery. There was one bartender for a Sunday night football dinnertime. The food was pretty poor. Definitely not worth getting dinner there. The bathroom was filthy and when I told a staff member She seemed annoyed. 
Yards is much better overall.GET THE FRIED CAULIFLOWER!!!!!!! it'll change your life. Ive been here three times and every time it's the best!!! Went here with 6 friends and we all loved the fries (reminded us of boardwalk fries. we're from AC.. we know) also had fish and chips, chicken pot pie, and beef brisket all were very good and can't complain. the cauliflower really sticks out most of all. 
beer of course is delicious. We were there during happy hour and it was $3 drafts. so worth itCame here last weekend after a stop at Evil Genius. Its right by Sugar House and the Fillmore in Philly. It was a great time with plenty of seating (both indoor and outdoor). Food looked amazing, wish I had room to eat it. My first time here, but will come back!
Atmosphere: Casual, plenty of tables for large groups to come and chat over a cold beer or two (or more!).  Can definitely just sit at the bar if there's space, which is what we did. 
Food:  Didn't order food, menu looked great. Lots of waiters/waitresses walked past me with food and I really wished I could get some! Those fries looked dope and everyone was ordering them.
Drinks: They actually had their own brews PLUS cocktails PLUS wine!! They had a mostly full-service bar, which doesn't happen often for a brewery. I ordered a beer flight, really enjoyed all the beers I ordered (312 Urban wheat ale, Scoop's Session, Broken resolutions, Victory city)
Service: Great and efficient service. 
Definitely will come back.
Pro tip: parking can be terrible, just Uber/lyft!
Prop tip #2: Don't wait for a table, you can seat yourself at the bar or outside if its a nice day!Goose Island was a great place to stop by before a show at the Foundry. My friend and I were originally going to walk about 15 minutes into town, but with the cold this seemed like a nice easy spot. 
We were gladly surprised to find that it was! Happy hour ran until 7:30 (I think... tried finding it on the website but couldn't find the exact time) so we got $3 pints that were brewed in-house. We also split the fried cauliflower (with soy glaze), fried mozzarella, and the jam burger. All were good and worth their price. The ambience was also nice and the place is relatively new so it felt super clean and bright. A great place to go with a few friends to sit and chat. And it was especially great with its proximity to our venue. 
4/5 stars because it serves its purpose and you can get pretty solid food, but it's nothing that will blow you away.Went for lunch and drinks on a weekend before a basketball game and had a great experience. Attentive staff, cold beer, and the food was great. I would expect this place gets packed on nights that the Fillmore has events, so be prepared. A couple of TVs near the bar area but I wouldn't come here to watch sports for a long time. Nice outdoor area that I'm sure is pleasant in the warmer months.$3 craft beer pints for happy hour can't be beat!  Nice space with an outdoor patio and a large corner that looks like it'll be a lawn someday.  Totally accessible from the MFL, while I did have to walk past some large vacant lots and short stretches of blocked off sidewalk it was fine in the daylight.  Lots of development going on in the neighborhood, should be interesting to see what the area looks like in 5 years.  Didn't have any food but the portions look pretty generous.The beer is delicious, the food is mediocre but the service is outrageous. I've been here a few times and each time I give them another shot. This time was just like all the rest.. 
I came here on a sunny Sunday afternoon for a few beers and outside seating.. the wait for an outside table was 45 minutes.. if you've never been here, there is a small patio that is followed by a bunch of grass and plenty of space that they do absolutely nothing with. On this day, there was one random picnic table in the grass and I couldn't help but wonder why there wasn't more picnic tables. There would be so much more business if they had more tables but then again I bet their staff would not be able to handle this because they can barely get you a drink now. I waited 20 minutes on a Sunday to stand next to the bar and have a beer.. 25 more minutes of waiting and I could have just got a table outside.. get it together guys.Somehow I didn't know that this was even being built so we were excited to check it out on the first weekend it opened. We went on a Sunday afternoon and I won't fully judge them on our experience since it just opened but it was pretty disappointing. It has much more of a restaurant feel then I was expecting. When we walked in there was no music playing, and although it was relatively full it just seemed oddly quiet and boring. 
Service- Horrible. We ordered a flight of beer, then after about 15 minutes, our server came up to our table again and said "Hi what's up". He literally forgot he had ever even spoken to us and taken our order. Once we finally got our flight the beer was nothing special.
There are so many better, local craft beer breweries in the area (Yards, PBC, Urban Village, Evil Genius). For those who don't know, Goose Island is actually owned by Budweiser and this location feels like Bud's attempt at a fake craft brewery. I'm interested in seeing what they do with all of the outdoor space they are still working on, but for now this isn't worth your time if you are looking for good beer and good service.We stopped in on what was arguably the first patio day Saturday of the season, so needless to say it was crowded. Okay, crowded is an understatement. It was PACKED. 
Food didn't seem like an option, but when we learned the wait was around an hour we decided to put our names down and kill some time by enjoying a beer on their large grassy lawn. Side note, the lawn is absolutely huge and amazing for outdoor day drinking! Although it was really crowded the lawn it so spacious that it was okay. 
After what seemed like well over an hour had passed, we checked on the status of our table. Apparently everyone is told that the wait time is around an hour, but that really means nothing. I think lying to people about a wait time is a huge bummer. That could really make or break a decision to stay, especially if you want food! I think by fabricating the wait time they hope they can make people stay and drink more beer. It's frustrating. We ended up taking our business next door. 
Besides the wait time mishap, the brewery is dope. They (obviously) have a large selection of great beer and a great space with plentiful indoor and outdoor seating. I'm wondering if it's always as crowded. 
Hope not. 
We came back for late night eats after a show at The Fillmore, and they didn't disappoint. The Asian style cauliflower was delicious and so was the pretzel and cheese sauce.  
A cool space to day drink in Philly -- my advice is to not come hungry and bring a blanket for the lawn. If you don't mind waiting a bit to grab a beer you'll be solid.Stopped here for food before a show at the Fillmore. This is a great place. Super spacious, great outdoor space with games, great decor. Huge menu of goose island beer, along with other local choices. I tried two five ounce pours, pulled pork sandwich and fries. Reasonably priced in my opinion. Oh and the deviled eggs were bomb.I ate here the day they opened (months ago) and my experience with the food was very very bad. I did, however, understand that I was one of thier first customers and I tried my best to believe that it was merely a case of them needing to work the kinks out. I didn't review them that day because I am not a jerk- they comped the mistakes and I called it a draw. 
So today, I was back in the area and decided to give them a second shot. I ordered completely different food as well. 
First- the great; 
My server was nice and knowledge but very sparse. It's okay, I don't want to chat, but it wasn't busy and I did have to wait a long time to ask for more dressing or my check because she disappeared. She was very knowledgeable about the menu though and even mentioned the black bean soup isn't vegetarian, without my asking. 
Also, the lamb burger w/ taziki may have been the best burger I've ever had in my life. It was perfect at medium rare and literally the ONLY thing you could possibly say negative about the burger was that the bun became a soggy mess halfway through. Any normal person who didn't just have dental work should be well through eating without running into a similar problem -can't fault them for a messy burger. 
I had a few nit-picky things but they bothered me; 
The doors were opened halfway through my meal and I was dive bombed by about a dozen large flies and small gnats for the second half of my meal. That kinda sucked. 
Next- If you're going to charge $3 for a soda.... Please don't put so much ice in it that its undrinkably watered down five minutes later. And maybe it's just me.. But paper straws are super gross and awful to use. (Fortunately they did have plastic ones at the bar.)
The other two issues I had may be minor but seemed worth noting; 
The nice big side salad came with a tasty lemon viagrette... That I got a thimble full of. Even a request for more dressing brought out a second tablespoon of dressing. I eventually just took it home to put dressing on it and eat it there. It wasn't remotely enough to even modestly dress the salad. You could solve this pretty easily;  stop serving dressing on the side (unless someone asks for that)- or get dressing cups that aren't rediculously small. The tiny metal ones are fine for mayo on the side... But that's not enough dressing for anyone. 
Finally; Paper take-out boxes are a HORRIBLE idea. Food is inherantly wet. Anything with sauce on it is going to all be soaked up into the paper boxes and make a huge mess, plus it's going to render the leftovers gross and dry. I almost left the rest of my food because I didn't want to dump it into paper boxes. Fortunately, my salad was bone dry since I didn't get enough dressing, so I took that home in my paper box, lol. I guess there's that. 
Anyway, the food was very tasty the second time, and id eat the lamb burger for my last meal on Earth if given the choice. It was that good... I hope they work out a few more kinks before the next time Im in the area.Once a fabulous happy hour and dinner place.  Today I went and the happy hour food is lame.  No fish and chips or shrimp tacos.  The sliders used to offer a choice.  The fries and pork sliders I had were good.  
PThe menus overall has been condensed.  No more lamb burger or Chicago platter or cheesesteak or pulled pork or fried Brussels sproutsYes this is the exact same mass-produced, watered down beer garden serving brussel sprouts with bacon, soft pretzels and buffalo cauliflower you've been to a million times. Yes they have corn hole and giant jenga.
That being said it does that well and executes on exactly what it strives to be. It's a great outdoor hangout spot to spend the afternoon with friends and your pup or grab drinks after a concert at the Fillmore. 
Probably not worth going totally out of the way to get to, but if you find yourself in the neighborhood grab yourself a 312, a soft pretzel and pull up an adirondack chair while you wait your turn on the corn hole boards.I came here to try some new beers with some friends and it was just okay. The service was really slow considering we went on a Tuesday when they first opened and there was only one other couple there at first. The bar itself is really nice, the outdoor seating, games, and fire pits are cool and fun. Now for the downs; the food was meh. We got the cheese board ($18), it only had 2 kinds of cheese and they didn't give us nearly enough bread for the cheeses. When I asked for their bottled/can beers, half the time the waitress would come back to tell me they didn't have it. My friend seemed to have a still dirty knife given to her. And when we asked for our check, it took our waitress about 20 minutes to give it to us and then another long wait until she came back with the credit cards.Reason why i am rating it low cus they changed their amazing delicious succulent burger lately with some dry crap. I would come here especially for their burger. They changed the buns to some dry bread and even the beef patty is now dry and burnt. They said they have made changes on house. 
Well, get your old chef back or else goose island Philly will be doomed.Great outdoor space and very conveniently located next to punchline comedy club in a music venue. But the bathrooms are awfully dirty and disorganized and the food is a little expensive. Wish they spent equal time cleaning and maintaining the facilities as they do the Chicago beerFood was good, but service was really bad. It took about 15 minutes just to get a drink menu after being seated, and we saw others seated by the host but then walk because no one stopped at their table to take their order. At the end, we waited for a check for so long to the point that we had to check with management-- our waiter's shift must have ended and they never brought a check to us prior! All in all, great space and menu, but they have a FOH problem.Relaxed, chilled atmosphere. Friendly & knowledgeable staff. Great beer selection & good pricing. Strawberry Rhubarb Blonde is amazing & highly recommended. Didn't have a chance to try the food, but the menu sounds delicious. Great place worth checking out!!Decent appetizers, good brews. Too few TVs. But a great outdoor area!Worst experience ever with rude bartender.  Walked out after one beer.   Nothing like Chicago locations.Really well designed space and cool inside.  But very sterile and feels pretty corporate which I guess is telling given the big beer company that owns them.  I found service and set up not so great.  The two times I've been there it wasn't crowded and it doesn't feel like the locals have bought in on the place.I've never felt compelled to write a review of a restaurant before,  but after the disappointment here, I just have to say it. This place is bad. Like, really bad.
First, we walked in to the building and the two hostesses were sitting down and talking to each other and didn't even notice us until we said "Hi." That's fine. It's a laid back atmosphere and we'll never judge a restaurant based on initial impression.
When we sat, our waitress came over and asked if we knew what we wanted. We said no, let us have a few minutes. She stood there staring at us for a good 20-30 seconds before we said again, "We just have to look over the menu for a bit." She comes back and we each order a beer and she just walked away. 
She comes back with our beer and sets it down and walks away again before I call her and say, "We're ready to order an appetizer." We ordered the cheese plate. It's brought out by someone other than our waitress, and nothing is described. We have no idea what any of the cheese are. Just plopped down. 
We finished the cheese plate and wanted to order our entrees but the server was nowhere to be seen. She came around about every 30 minutes to say "Everything okay?" and then walk away. We got her attention and ordered the fish and chips. This was a mistake.
Their fish and chips are 2 half-dollar size fish fillets and about a pound of over-salted fries for $16. Not great value at all. We both finished our fish and just combined the fries on one plate to show them what a waste that is. Maybe 2 pounds of fries got thrown away. 
Service = Horrible. Food = Horrible. Never returning to this place.While there is nothing inherently "wrong" with this place, it is so copycat and without any merit or originality or soul that it is just not worth it.
Huge brewery, there are bouncers at the entrance giving you a stamp on your hand.  Um, why.  Pretentious.  Oh wait I know.  In case you want to come back and beat a line that might exist later?  
Huge lawn with lots of tables and benches and Adirondack chairs and cornhole games.  Unfortunately this is simply a copy of an original idea that spawned I don't know where or when but it was spawned by a true  micro brewery somewhere.  Did you know that Goose Island is owned by a gigantic corporate entity that is just simply working the latest marketing strategy that they borrowed from actual small breweries that actually make excellent beer that aren't owned by anyone else?
Does anyone know that Goose Island started near Chicago, is now owned by InBev, who own Budweiser, and they own Budweiser because it is a tiny company in their portfolio?  And did you know that InBev can open a "microbrewery" in Philly because they can?
Nope.  No one really cares and I am just ranting.  Sorry.
On to the actual review.  Lots of twenty and thirty-somethings enjoying themselves drinking at least 12 different beers on tap and who knows how many more in bottle.  You can't go to a table in the bar and be served unless the hostess seats you.  Not sure how the staff in the bar know this but ok.  So we went up to the bar to order our beers.  Service was as expected in a busy place, decent enough.
Many of the beers are bizarre and a bit too out on the edge without the stuffing to make them excellent.  Aging in wine casks for example, and a smattering of offerings to please all palates.  The place is crowded even on a Saturday at 4:30pm, it serves food which is standard bar burgers and whatever else.  A little bit industrial in its décor (have we not seen that ever?) but not too much, let's not scare the public or anything.
This is hopefully not the end of an era (around the year 2000 to now) of excellent beer being actually made by people who care.  So bland.  So copycat.Came because of trivia; came back because of the amazing buffalo cauliflower. 
When you arrive, it's cool! You get to walk through a bunch of beer silos! If this interests you, ask about their tours - I think it's 7$ and about 30 minutes. 
The happy hours here are great - small plates for 3-5$, house beers (which are what you should be drinking here, anyways!) are also really cheap. I had the pretzel, hot dog, buffalo fried cauliflower, and the French fries - truly, french fries were the best I've ever had. 
Outdoors they've got fire outs, corn hole, giant jenga, and other games. Inside they've got board games, cards, and puzzles. 
A super fun and laid back environment, excellent beer, great food. Can't wait to come back!Generally, I like some of Goose island's stuff.  The 312 is a decent easy drinking beer, I like their lager, Sofia, and Matilda (think I have those names right).  
The brewhouse is large, in an old warehouse, and reminds me a bit of other big brewhouses like Iron Hill.  It's a little cold, but not too bad.  
I like that they have some beers specific for philly, and that it isn't just the same old beer that you'd find in any store.  I like that you can get the Bourbon County Stouts on tap here.  They also have bottles, but they were marked up compared to other places that I've found them. 
It was a nice place to grab a good drink and hang out for a bit.It's a cool concept but nothing to write home about. With so many breweries close by, Goose Island can't really compete. For me, the selling point is that they have a large outdoor patio area with table seating and random games (aka cornhole). It was definitely nice to be able to sit outside and enjoy the nice weather. I ended up getting a glass of wine so unfortunately I can't comment on the beer selection. I did notice that the glass that my wine was served in had a peculiar odor which kind of ruined it for me. It was a turn off to say the least. To sum it up - if it were between Evil Genius and Goose Island, Evil Genius would win anytime in my book.