I hate to leave bad reviews but it has to be done sometimes. My fav dish ever is pad see ew so I decided to try Green Basil since I'd never been here before. 
Unfortunately it was the worst I've ever tasted! I took 3 bites and had to throw it away, which infuriates me since I paid $12 for this just to be wasted. The noodles were way too over cooked and mushy. They were also super dry, I didn't taste any sauce at all. Way too much veggies, which were also dry. I've eaten A LOT of pad see ew before and this was not even close. Sadly I won't be coming back to this restaurant. 
The only saving grace is the woman who rang me up was a total sweetheart.Went for the lunch special on a weekday.  Got the Thai basil and drunken noodles.  Thai basil was not spicy at all even though it said it would be on the menu. The drunken noodles was spicier but not very good.  Everything had a soup broth and not thick like quality Thai.  They make everything with this canned tomato base that tastes so gross.  Even the lemon grass soup had a canned tomato sauce in it .... really gross! Do not recommend.Amazing staff, very courteous. Food was absolutely on point. Loved their Fantasy DuckWas looking for a new place to go and we saw this new Thai Restaurant, so we gave it a shot.. and I'm so glad we did. The food is so good!! The place is completely brand new and in a comfortable setting, the staff are friendly, and of course the PRICE--- super affordable! I definitely recommend trying their Thai Fish Cake and of course the Pad Thai, my all-time favorite!This place is getting better each time we're here. We had twice came here with 20+ people dinner/party. Not only the food is good but the service by Victoria make your time here better and better. Some of our friends even have to add their parking meter because of the hospitality and the food. Food is good, portion is decent. Services are awesome. And even if it seems the place is small, we had 20+ people enjoying having dinner here.Some of my neighbors had been to this restaurant but I had not so I was happy to go in a large group so I could try a lot of dishes.  W shared the dumplings, spring rolls and papaya salad.  All very good as appetizers.  I thought the papaya salad was especially wonderful.  All eight people had different main dishes and I didn't try them all.  Mine was seafood massaman curry which was phenomenal and people kept grabbing some of the sauce for left over rice.  The salmon chewchee was very nicely cooked with a nice sauce but The vegetables on the side were very plain.  The Thai basil dishes were very popular and the chef modulated the spices according to each person's desire.  My husband had duck chew chee which is one of his favorites and he said it was extremely good.  Everyone came away full and happy.  This is a tiny restaurant but nice staff and the food was definitely a notch above usual Thai restaurants.Place is ok .... Not all that. Venue is very tight.Visited on a Wednesday afternoon. Was a weekday after lunch rush hour so we were the only ones in the restaurant. We were given prompt service. 
We started off with the steamed pork dumplings which were delicious. 
Then I had pad Thai with shrimp. The food tasted amazing. Loved everything about it. Will be back to try more.This has to be one of the best (if not THE best) pad Thai I've had in the city, especially when ordered from delivery halfway across the city. Took a star off since this was only the first time I've tried it but definitely will order again. (The $10 off of $15 coupon for grub hub that came with the delivery helps too!)ordered salmon supreme, it became my fav entree... awesomeI ordered delivery and it was faster than expected which is nice.  However, the food was over-cooked, so everything was just brown, the broccoli, the green beans and not appetizing to look at. The shrimp were small and as overcooked as the vegetables.
Still searching for good Thai food in Philadelphia.Very good cuisine in a very cozy atmosphere. Overall the food was great. I had the stuffed tofu which was prepared very well. If you're in the area definitely check out Green Basil!I hate to leave a negative review for this place because the service was good, the waitress was very friendly and tried to explain the dishes to us. But the food was such a disappointment. We ordered tom yum soup, which was very good. Then the sweet chili fish and pad thai, which were very disappointing. The sweet chili fish was way too sweet, and the pad thai just had some weird taste. I mean, it's a Thai restaurant, how can you screw up the pad Thai?
The worst part is that after we left the restaurant, our stomachs started feeling weird...
We liked the tom yum soup, the service was good. But might not go back :(Not great. 
The pad see ew was bland both in presentational color and flavor. Pad see ew is literally bursting with flavor. The noodles are to be allowed to brown, if not almost partially blacken on a griddle and a VERY rich sauce including fermented soy bean is to be added throughout cooking - making the product slippery in texture and dark brown. These are grey at best and there is ZERO flavor. The chicken is all dry. The pineapple fried rice was good, but a monkey can make pineapple fried rice. 
Thai Basil dish was soggy - green beans were flaccid and tasteless. Sauce was overly oily and salty. 
Just bad.It's not bad...not super memorable, and not too overpriced. It's hard to really describe green basil as a restaurant, but rather as a very acceptable thai restaurant with all of the classic menu items you've come to expect. While this generalization seems like a cop-out, I will say that I did try a lot of dishes: tom ka soup, egg rolls, coconut fried rice, pad thai, yellow vegetable curry with chicken, fried tofu, and sweet and sour chicken, and the only unique dish was the seafood tom ka soup, since it had a nice tang and was subtly flavored. Everything else tasted as I would expect from a takeout Thai place. The one dish I'd advise against is the banana icecream: it had an incredibly manufactured, non-authentic, flavor that left me drinking two more glasses of water.
o Food - 3 stars
o Service - 3 stars
o Ambiance - 3 stars
o Price - 3 starsNew Thai restaurant!! I was not that hungry when we passed Green Basil but i had to try a new place that just opened and write a review! I am in love with thai food and i got some of the basic items just to see how it is all prepared! everything came out fast and it was delicious! the service was excellent and that really what matters the most. I was very happy with my experience.My first impression walking in was-- Wow, this place is tiny. It has only about half a dozen tables. Thankfully,  a table of six was already in place. If you need to bring more than six people, I'd definitely call ahead. There only seemed to be a few people working  (one lady serving as the waitress who likely was the owner, a delivery guy, and I'm assuming a chef or two).
The lady was very nice and fairly attentive. We being weird Chinese girls and given that it was pouring rain outside, we requested some hot water, which the lady served with a pretty black teapot set. The portion sizes were generous. One person ordered shrimp pad thai, which came with several decent-sized shrimp. My stuffed eggplant dish was delicious. Everyone was pretty pleased with their food.
Like I mentiomed, it's a little cramped here but the food and portion sizes well make up for it. Welcome to Philly,  Green Basil!A gem in the city. There are dozens of cool places on South street but this has to be one of the tops. The restaurant itself is very modest in space and design. It feels very private and warming, a great spot for a date or conversation. Our waitress, Victoria was very charming and helpful. I wanted to order stuffed eggplant and tofu supreme but she told me both had very similar sauce and toppings and I ended up ordering the cat fish, which was awesome! We had thai fish cakes for appetizers and they very perfect. Golden brown and crispy on the outside and juicy in the inside. Think delicious juicy nuggets with fish and lemon grass seasoning with sweet thai dipping sauce. Victoria suggested I should have my fried fish with sauce on the side so they stay crunchy. It was a brilliant idea! We didn't finish so I took the fish home and rebaked it in the oven. Then drizzle the sauce over it. It tasted exactly like how I had it in the restaurant, crunchy and fresh. Terrific idea from our wonderful waitress. The stuffed eggplant surprised me the most, in a good way! I'm used to having mashed shrimp stuffed inside eggplants. They're both soft textures the shrimps and eggplants. Here however, they stuffed minced fried chicken. Oh man it was yummy! The stuffing is crunchy while the eggplant was soft making a very exciting contrast. Check this place out, you will not be dissapponted!Love the food here.  I always get the lunch special drunken noodle to go... love it!  the woman there is always very pleasant and prices are really good, too.  i never eat inside but it's cute, little and cozy!Ate here for lunch today ordered the Jungle pork it was amazing. Victoria was so nice I will definitely eat here again...This place is amazing. The only thing better than the amazing service is the food. Everything we ordered was perfect. This is definitely my new spot on South Street.Cozy new spot in South St! I love thai food and they are located just by my workplace, so they're perfect for me. I ordered drunken noodle and really enjoyed it. Excellent service and friendly waitress. Hope they stay busy so I can keep getting my thai fix from them!!Great new BYOB Thai food in the neighborhood! The lemongrass soup and the pad Thai were both delicious. I've only been here once but I will be back!Great taste and very fresh. I got the Pad Thai lunch special - great quantity/quality for the price. I would definitely recommend it.Very disappointed in all 3 dishes we ordered. We regularly order pad se ew, pinnacle fried rice, and a pork dish from several thai places. All three had an off putting taste and smell. Will not order from here again. Three stars because service was fast and very nice people.Ordered the appetizer platter which was a lot more food than I thought. Definitely worth it. We also got the coconut soup. It was ok. Not a lot of flavor. We also got the drunken noodles which were very good, but we ordered it the spiciest you could get it on the Yelp app and it still was only moderately spicy. Luckily we had also asked for extra spicy sauce on the side. I'd order from them again.We ordered takeout pad Thai , coconut soup, and mango sticky rice. The soup was excellent,  very authentic but not very spicy, the pad Thai was as good as some we had back in Thailand. The mango sticky rice was also good although the sticky rice was not the real deal. Overall, pretty good based on our limited selection. Will definitely try more.A waiter was very friendly. I liked the relaxing atmosphere. Green curry was excellent.Tom yum soup... am not sure if this is tom yum soup... totally different from what I had in BangkokWhat a nice find! When strolling on South St., be sure to keep going all the way to the end toward Penn's Landing. Your palate will love you forever. Green Basil is a quaint & unique authentic Thai restaurant that won't disappoint. It's super affordable, meticulously clean, & serves the absolute freshest food. It's just delicious!!! And oh yeah, fantabulous service!Delicious Thai food, with fast and friendly service. Great option for my sister who is vegan. We got panag curry and supreme tofu.I decided to try this place cause it was new and the menu sounded good. I ordered pick up for the grilled beef salad. It was $8.64 and it was one of the most disappointing salads I've had. Because it was so small. Like a side salad portion. It was good but it's sad that I payed that much for a little salad.I love Green Basil! Their food is amazing and their service is wonderful. The manager knows I am vegan and always takes care of my order perfectly. They have the best tofu pad tai! I order from Green Basil at least once a week and I highly recommend that you check them out!The restaurant is a little small but it is definitely worth waiting for a seat. The service is outstanding and the food is fantastic. I highly recommend the drunken noodlesI loved this restaurant! It's very quaint and simple, but the flavors and spices are quite robust! Thai comfort food at its best. Last but certainly not least, the staff was so kind and patient. I will be returning!We ordered Pad Thai, Drunken Noodles, Spring Rolls, Summer Rolls, and Fried Banana.   Everything was very good.  The server, Victoria, was very friendly and helpful.  This was our first time at Green Basil restaurant. We will definitely come back here again.Very mediocre food. Priced okay,  but very small portions (at least for takeout).
False advertising- "Vegetarian" items have fish sauce, with the exception of veggies in garlic sauce, which was not a good dish.
Service friendly, but we won't be back.Service was fine but I didn't particularly care for the food.  I ordered the thai papaya salad and the grilled beef salad, and my friend ordered beef pad thai.  The thai papaya salad had onion grated in with the green papaya, which completely overpowered the taste of the papaya.  It also wasn't marinated enough - definitely the most disappointing version of papaya salad I've ever had.  The grilled beef salad was better than the papaya salad but I've had much better at other places.  The beef pad thai wasn't bad but nothing to write home about.
Overall, there are better thai places in Philly.I started with the Thai Sausages,  the lemongrass and Kiefer lime leaves gave a nice floral note balancing out the salty pork goodness.  I  also ordered the Pad Sew Euw - the noodles were perfect, the pork was good.Very good food and great service. I had the jungle basil dish and the banana dessert. Very happy camper.Amazing place I discovered thanks to my fellow Yelpers. They have a really good lunch special. Super tiny place but delicious food. I had the beef pad Thai and it was amazing. It came with a spring roll that was very good. I will definitely be back again for lunch!!After reading reviews that Green Basil happily accommodates vegan and vegetarian diets, I ordered delivery specifying that everything must be vegan like this: (***** VEGAN PLEASE *****). Normally if a restaurant cannot accommodate this, they have the courtesy of contacting me to let me know. Green Basil did not contact me and delivered two curries. Satisfied with the meal, we attempted to dine in a few days later. When we asked about making our curry vegan again, we were informed that they do not make vegan curries because they use fish sauce in all their curries. That means that instead of contacting me to let me know they could not make my curry vegan, they just sent me a non-vegan dish. Luckily I am not allergic to fish, but had there been an allergy that would be a VERY DANGEROUS situation. I am extremely unhappy that I was not contacted before my food was delivered to let me know my request could not be completed. I was, however, informed that I needed to approve a +$1 update since i added tofu to my veggie dish. To me, this is inexcusable and I cannot dine here again. I feel obligated to warn others who may encounter the same issue.Tried this little gem last night before my ASL Social Meeting At Starbucks. Our original plan was to go to Tamarind but my friend reminded me that I didn't like it much there so then we saw Green Basil as we were walking in search of a spot and boom. Right there. It's a small spot, cute and cozy. It's dimmed lit and I appreciated it because bright ass lights hurts my eyes. Anyways, we ordered the drunken noodles with shrimp and the pork larb. FIRST OF ALL... FLAVORRRFULL! It was so good. Let's talk about the drunken noodles, it was so good. I normally opt out of having peanuts in my foods (it's just a personal preference) but it was good! Noodles were coated perfectly and the massive amount of shrimps . The noodles were cooked more than I would have usually liked but for some reason, it worked out perfectly with the sauce. The pork larb was nice and sour - just how we like it! I like that it was served on a bed of lettuce with cucumbers and tomatoes lining the plate/bowl - it was perfect because we ate it like a salad . I want to go back and try the Beef larb.. can't wait! The service was great and the price was right!The restaurant is very clean (with the exception of the carpets which are pretty worn out). Food was pretty good. We enjoyed it! Price is reasonable. If you are vegetarian ask for vegan options as the veggie options include fish sauce but they will happily accommodate vegetarians!Came here for quick lunch before a concert. Awesome proximity to the theater of living arts. Pineapple fried rice was so yummy. Great service and good price.This place is super good! service is great, staff is polite. Food was fresh and delicious. I had drunken noodles and my bf had pad thai. Will definitely return when i'm in town again.Tucked away on the eastern part of South Street is a little Thai Bistro called Green Basil. While this restaurant has received mixed reviews on Yelp, I have a few friends who really like it and are pretty experienced with Thai food.  Well after eating there this week, I join them in their opinion.  I really liked Green Basil.  Mind you, after a week of eating and enjoying holiday cooking from Austria and Philadelphia, I was ready for a little Thai food.  Your meal begins with a nice pot of Thai hot tea.  On this cold day, I followed that up with a spicy lemon grass soup while my friend opted for spring rolls.  An appetizer of Thai sausages was excellent .... especially with the ginger soy sauce to dip them in. My main course was a delicious version of Thai Jungle Pork.  The homemade chili sauce the waitress brought out was a perfect accompaniment.  I tasted my friend's Pad Thai which was def decent enough although not as spicy as I like.  The service was both friendly and excellent throughout the meal.  Yeah, you can def count me in among the fans of this little Thai bistro!Come in Tuesday to Saturday for lunch. Their lunch special is incredible. You get, $18 worth of food for half of the price. You get lemongrass soup which taste like Tom Yum to me and rice and a dish of your choice in the list. The drunken noodles I got is like a huge portion. 
The vibe in the restaurant is very peaceful and calm. You naturally won't talk loudly in there for some reason. A nice spot.I ordered shrimp pad thai and the vegetable spring rolls for delivery. Everything arrived quickly, stayed hot, and was absolutely delicious! I highly recommend Green Basil for great Thai delivery!Stopped in for lunch today. Nice, cozy place. The waitress and owner are very friendly. The food was excellent. The best Thai food I have had in Philly. I had the spring rolls and drunken noodle with beef   it was delicious. Check it out if you are anywhere near  South StreetReally mediocre Thai food. Basically tasteless - even on the spicy dishes. Vegetables were overcooked, and the food lacks any flavor that's distinct from any late night Chinese take out restaurant.Did a take out order and was surprised. My order was ready within 15 minutes and every was super nice when picking up my food. 
I got my usual drunken noodles with beef made spicy and man was it spicy. Usually Thai restaurants have like false high spicy levels but I'm glad it was true today. I reveled in every piece of Thai pepper there was in the dish. There was also a decent amount of beef in the dish which was a plus. Even better, there's a little piece of candy to end the meal. 
I'll be back for more for sure!I've heard about them like a long time ago but just tried them out today. I ordered chicken satay, Thai sausage, beef pad Thai, and the stir fry curry chicken. It was so good. I'm still thinking about those Thai sausages and the pad Thai. Definitely one of the best pad Thai in philly. Seriously check them out.I really enjoyed their fried rice and pad thai. I'm usually hesitant to get pad thai because it's usually really sweet. I thought their pad thai was perfect. The fried rice was good too. My kids killed it.Good location in South St, should try the fish cake and Thai sausage. It's a brand new decor so everything looks new. Good for group of people. Big portion compare to other Thai place.Second time ordering from Green Basil Restaurant and both times were awesome. This time we went with the Curry Puffs, Thai Fish Cakes, Bangkok Wings,Tulip Dumplings and Chicken Pad Prik King. Hands down, the Chicken Pad Prik King stoke the show. It's a stir fry curry with chicken, carrots, green beans and peppers. Fish cakes were so so...it was takeout and they really need to be eaten hot and right from the kitchen. Tulip dumplings are always a must. Curry puffs were good as always as well. New experience was the Bangkok Wings...not sure how they do it but it's a stuffed chicken wing with veggies and noodles ... what's not to like about that? Overall, this place is definitely worth a shot.Great curry! First time ordering and will definitely order again. Very quick delivery, good price. Very pleased?Great atmosphere and not too crowded on a Saturday night even though I was just grabbing some take out...  Super friendly and accommodating.We came here for the first time looking for some hot soup on a chilly afternoon. We ordered Jasmine soup and Pineapple fried rice. 
We ordered dishes without egg and the staff was very helpful to suggest options without fish sauce as well.If you're visiting South Street, this is a great option! Delicious Thai food. The only negative was the service. A bit slow considering there were only 2 other parties present while dining there.Good food good service very fresh ingredients I had Thai basil papaya salad it's sooo goodI don't understand how Thai food can be this delicious. This place literally made tofu a staple in our diets because of how deliciously they incorporate it into their dishes. Pad thai, pad see euw, drunken noodle. Everything tastes so delicious here.. they put a generous amount of sauce and vegetables in everything and deliver quickly. Fish cakes and spring rolls are well done and yummy in my tummy. This is our default Thai place.Glad I had a chance to give this place a try while visiting Philly. The online ordering process was easy and fast, taking about 15 minutes for my meal to be ready. Also, 20% off for my first order online, woohoo! The drunken noodles with beef and mild spice was juicy, delicious, and packed with quite a bit of heat, even for the mild level. Can't wait to make my next take-out order here, when I find myself in town again.This place is perfect. Food was spectacular, service was friendly and quick, and nice ambiance. I went for lunch and got the $8.95 fried rice special and asked for it to be spicy. It was delicious and I wouldn't change a thing.I ordered Red Thai Curry the other night and was disappointed to find that, once delivered via bicycle, the curry had spilled everywhere and there was literally none left in the dish. (Never understand why restaurants use bicyclists for things like pizza and/or soup-like dishes, but I digress). I called the restaurant explaining the situation and within literally a matter of minutes, there was a fresh new delivery of curry at my door. My disappointment immediately dissolved as this was one of, if not THEE, best Thai curries I have ever had! We ordered an Extra spicy and a spicy -- usually a lot of places will dim down the spice level no matter what level you order -- but Green Basil kicked up the heat! It had just the right amount of spicy, sweet, savory goodness. They also did not skimp on the veggies/protein we added - great portions for the price. We found our new go-to Thai spot in the city!For some seriously good thai food, Green Basil Thai Kitchen hits the spot. I'm glad I discovered this place because they really bring the flavor impact. They just added online ordering, so you actually get 20% off your first order through their website greenbasilthaikitchen.com.
Starting out with the soup, I love how savory the broth is and how it really warms the soul. The noodles are coated in this spicy sauce that coats the palette. You can tell that it's well seasoned with the heat of the wok and the crisp vegetables. There are plenty of vegetarian options too so the rest of family was incredibly happy about that.
I will definitely be back for some more of this comfort food. They even cater too, so maybe I'll share some for the next potluck.Honestly, wish I didn't devour the food before I took a picture. It was that good!!! I ordered the Drunken Noodle my favorite Thai meal and it did not disappoint at all!!! I found a new Thai restaurant and I'm sooo happy!!! If your thinking about it just order you won't regret it!Chive cake: absolutely amazing. You gotta order these. 
Coconut soup: I figured this would be tom kha gai, but it's missing any hint of spice. Luckily I ordered delivery, so I added some at home. The flavor is still delish. It's just not tom kha. 
Pad woon sen: tons of stuff in these noodles! Granted that's how they come (baby corn, carrots, snap peas, tomatoes+protein) but it honestly seems like toooo much stuff and not enough noodles. Glass noodles are my favorite and they only made up about 30% of the dish  
Pad see ew: another great noodle dish! I ordered with beef and there was tons. Probably 50/50 beef and noodles. I would order this again over the pad woon sen (which is usually my favorite)This place is worth the green! We ordered delivery and everyone was satisfied with their orders. I got the Red Curry (mild spice and tofu) and a Thai Iced Tea. The red curry was amazing- very flavorful and just a good amount of spice. The Thai iced tea was on the sweeter side but was a good combo to the curry. There was a good amount of veggies in the curry and the rice was nice and soft. Overall, amazing quality, great service, could not be happier!Great food and great service! The Thai Basil dish is AMAZING, but you won't be disappointed with anything you choose off the menu.Wow, this has got to be my FAVORITE Thai place currently. I have ordered from this place 3 times now, and every time, it really has truly truly delivered. I've tried their Pad Thai, Drunken Noodles, Green Curry, and Red curry and all of them are phenomenal and at a very affordable price! The noodles have SO much flavor and are deeply saturated with the correct sauce. Veggies and meat are proportional. The curry is also super delicious - sweet, not too salty, perfect texture of sauce. Really, really good American Thai food. Also they occasionally have deals on Grubhub!Bro! Aaaaaaaaahhmaaaaaaaaazing! Not to over hype them, but i live for an experience/orgasam when i eat food and they delivered. When you walk into a space that literally has around 15 seats you gotta see what they're about.Spring rolls and Pad See Euw were awesome, possibly the best I've ever had. They compared well even against meals I had n Thailand. So the food is great! Portions are a little on the small side though, so you'll need three courses. Also, I really wish they didn't charge a 15% percent service fee for takeout in addition to a tip.OH EM JIH... The foods was AWESOME!! The Thai ice tea was dope!! The server is the best server ever!! She's so kind and friendly.. She's a cool server..!! Would Definitely come again.. AWESOME SERVICE AWESOME FOODS AWESOME PLACE!!We visited this restaurant for the first time with a Groupon and discovered a new favorite to go to. This cute place is tiny with maybe 10 tables, but at 7 pm on a Thursday evening street parking and getting a table was easy. Our waiter was very pleasant and attentive and brought out an ice bucket for our wine. We started with the Thai treasure, an app sampler with 5 dipping sauces, and all of the choices were excellent. 
After reading the reviews for Fantasy Duck, I had to try it. It was awesome, with a very tangy dark sauce and crispy skin. My partner had shrimp pad Thai and raved about it. It is reasonably priced, and also does a fair amount of takeout and grub-hub deliveries.