We were only a party of two who decided to go for a late brunch/lunch on a Tuesday.  We waited 30 minutes for a server to take our drink orders and when we said we'd like to place our food orders at the same time, she said, "I can't do that because it's against the rules."
We proceeded to wait ANOTHER 20 minutes for her to come back to take our food orders.  I ordered the quiche and my friend the eggs benedict.  We both asked for a simple request of "no additional salt added" because both of us are on low sodium diets.  The server wrote it down and came back 10 minutes later saying, "...for the no salt, I can't do that because I can't give specific alterations for certain food orders."
At this point, we were pretty fed up and said, "It's fine.  Please just bring our check when the food arrives."
The food came out in yet another 25 minutes.  My food was watery and my friend's benedict was SO undercooked that the eggs turned to liquid when she cut into them.  The cook didn't bother to drain the potatoes and vegetables so her dish came out literally sitting in a puddle of greasy, watery liquid.
Future diners, keep in mind that this is a chain and the people who make the food are just cooks.  Don't order anything that requires culinary finesse and if you are used to truly fine cuisine, lower your expectations to 'zero.'The food is great. The people are not. The manager has a popular restaurant and he knows it. My wife and I went to Green Eggs early. The place was about half full but we were told there is a short wait...for a table for two. My wife is 8 1/2 months pregnant. We waited outside for about 20 minutes. During that time we saw three parties of two get seated before us.  They were not on the waiting list. The restaurant had outdoor tables but we were not offered them. We were told that we could go inside and order to go since we couldn't wait any longer. At the to-go counter we were told that any to-go order would take an additional 20-30 minutes. We left and had breakfast elsewhere, with no wait and the food was just as good. They also accepted cards. The food at Green Eggs is good, but for me it's not worth having to deal with smug waitstaff. The manager needs training, and a personality transplant.Fun, healthy and popular. Great cafe for brunch/lunch!Came to this little hidden gem for breakfast after a red eye flight. It is the most adorable place with the best staff! The menu is so diverse and so many options that it's very difficult to chose! We shared the kitchen sink and it did not disappoint!!!! The coffee menu is amazing! The only downfall is that they are a cash only establishment. We will be back to try the lattes and the cream brûlée French toast!Green Eggs never disappoints! We have been here for brunch roughly 3-4 times and we're always impressed with the quality of the food. It's always consistently good, portioned well and tastes great. 
This time around we had guests from Canada so we wanted to take them to the best brunch spot. We ordered the velvet pancakes to share as a table(it's massive) then we got beef short rib bennies, chicken and waffles bennies and creme brûlée French toast. All we're cooked to perfection! I'm not usually a beef person but their beef short rib bennies blew my mind. 
Our guest wanted to come back to try new menu items. We will definitely be back!Would have given five stars but our waitress was sub par. Loved everything we ordered maple oatmeal, strawberry waffles, Oreo and nf latte. Full bar! Perfect meal before seeing a matinee. The best part is that it's a green restaurant ECO FRIENDLY, which uses local produce and REASONABLY LOW PRICES. Another reason to go to the theater.this was so delicious the red velvet pancakes are so delicious like the oatmeal was good too my mom,dad,and sisters love g.e.ćAwesome breakfast spot! You can't go wrong with their French toast. I thought it was fairly priced and very clean. I would absolutely go back and recommend to a friend.Green Eggs Cafe was one of the first brunch places I ever went to in Philly. My friend and I split the red velvet pancakes and the kitchen sink - I would definitely recommend these two dishes. SOOOOO GOOD. The only downside is that the wait is rather long (you can't put your name on the queue unless you're physically there) and it gets really crowded. They also only accept cash.Crowded on most days and about an hour wait. However the food is phenomenal. I highly recommend the creme brûlée French toast or the Chicken and wafflesThis is my FAVORITE breakfast spot in Philadelphia, PA! The portions are huge and tasty. I went there yesterday with my new bride. We let the server know that we were newly married & they comped us free Lattes. Each time I've been there the food has gotten better. Yesterday I ordered the Eggs Benedict Short Braised Ribs. It was succulent & probably the best meal I've ever had. Also had the Peanut Butter Latte & it tastes just like it sounds. The place is cash only & totally worth it. The Red Velvet Pancakes are the most amazing creation this side of the Mississippi! Can't wait to go back! I recommend Green Eggs to any local or tourist visiting the City. If I could give more stars I would!!!!SERVICE - 0
1) Waiting area - Non-existent 
    For a restaurant that consistently anticipates an influx of customers, they have done absolutely nothing to accommodate for the wait. Ironically, they close down a section of the restaurant during the week. We were waiting in line with others outside on the street in the heat for more than 45 minutes. When I asked if we could be seated at the empty tables, we were told that area was only for weekends, or special bookings. Funny enough, they don't take reservations. It blows my mind that they basically take pride in seeing a number of their customers "work" for their seat here. It's almost like a sadistic significant other making you jump through as many hoops as possible to see how much you want them. 
2) Waiter - This place is ridiculously understaffed
    - forgot about us for a good 20 minutes after seating us
    - forgot to bring our red velvet pancakes until we were almost done with our meal, and had to remind another waiter about them. 
FOOD - 1
I moved to Philly 2 years ago, and the taste has significantly deteriorated. 
1) Red Velvet Pancakes - dry/ crumbly, with a bit too much aftertaste of food coloring. 
2) Kitchen sink - they forgot to add any salt at all. 
3) Nutella Latte - there was absolutely nothing nutella about it. It was watered down bland coffee with some dilute coco taste to it. I am pretty sure my little nephews have made me a better mocha just by giving me their chocolate milk and adding coffee to it. 
Finally, I saw a roach by the ATM that stands next to the bar area. So...buh bye Green eggs.Awesome food but...
- Took 10 minutes to get our coffee after waiting in line for 25
- No one carries cash anymore.  I guess maybe some of the hipsters in the neighborhood carry old world coin purses or some crap but none of the rest of us have $40 on hand. You don't want to pay the charges huh cafe?? So why not pass that charge on to us, right?
- They would have still gotten 4 stars though, had it not been for the nonsense on our bill.  So their portions are huge which is awesome but you'll most likely have leftovers...also great. But be conservative with how many boxes you need because THEY CHARGE YOU FOR A TAKE OUT BOX!!!!!!!!!!  What comic book villain money balled this place?? Who the f**k has the balls to charge for a to go box? It's only $.0.25 but that makes it even worse.  What are you an airline? How much for your napkins or to "rent" your plates?  I'm spending $3 for an ATM charge and you're charging me a quarter for a box?  Your margins are that thin?I came here with my boyfriend after finishing the Broad Street Run. We waited 45 minutes for a table (which was kind of annoying because I was starving after the race), but it was noon on a Sunday for brunch...
The place was packed, so our service was a little slow. My boyfriend had the 3 egg omelette, and I had the veggie burger. The food was pretty good (although my burger was surprisingly spicy), and the coffee was great because they serve La Columbe. After we finished our meals, it took a while to flag down the waitress to bring us our check.
It's a pretty good spot for brunch, but if you plan to go during prime-time brunch hours, make sure you're not in a rush to be somewhere.I really wanted to like this place after all of the great things I'd heard and also because the food sounds so delicious. Truth be told, I ordered a pork shoulder sandwich with broccoli rabe and provolone and it was so salty that I could barely eat it. My boyfriend had the shrimp and grits benedict. Sounds promising, right? Unfortunately, it was TINY - we counted three small/medium sized shrimp in the entire thing. A friend had the breakfast burrito and it was deeply mediocre. None of us tried the variety of sweet brunch entrees which all look delicious. Perhaps that's what people like about this place?Great place to go to for brunch, although because it's extremely popular, you'll want to go early to grab a table. I had to wait about 20 minutes for a table for 2. 
The servers are nice, they're very attentive!
My cousin and I ordered the Kitchen Sink and the Red Velvet Pancakes (the portions are HUGE, so it's a good idea to share dishes or just order less). The Kitchen sink had potatoes and eggs, so it was very filling. The Red Velvet Pancakes could feed 3 people! We didn't finish all of our food and had to take it home, so I would say it was worth the money. 
The inside is a bit crowded and busy; understandable because of how popular the place is. It's not as cozy as the other Green Eggs in South Philadelphia. 
Overall, great place to go to for brunch or lunch! It closes early, so you can't go for dinner (unless you eat very early).So we went down to Philadelphia for a day trip so ate at green eggs the food was good service okay the only thing I didn't like the home made sausage I   make my own sausage for pass 29 years but besides that i would go back just not to order the sausage it's not easy to make your own sausage you need consistencyHad the kitchen sink skillet. The food seems good here and lots of friend agree.   It is though very annoying it being cash only. Other than that everything else was fineThis place is always busy. No matter which of the 3-4 restaurants in Philly, they all have a waiting time. However the wait is worth it because the food is amazing. I personally recommend the chicken and waffle dish or the shrimp and grits, but I'm sure everything else is delicious.Listen. I have not found french toast this amazing anywhere in Philadelphia as of yet. The gluttony we participated in while eating here is sinful but was sooooo delicious. We had the short rib benedict (awesome), creme brulee french toast (awesome), apple pie french toast (awesome) and cajun crab mac and cheese (less awesome, a bit too salty..still yummy-ish). Between the two of us, we could not finish all of this food, obviously. So hesitantly, I took the leftover french toast to-go. I had it the next day....STILL AWESOME! Only downside, cash only (be prepared) and the line was to eternity but whatever. Will. Be. Back. For sure!Food is pretty good. I've tried the chicken and waffles and crab cake Benedict, red velvet and creme brûlée pancakes, and the buffalo Mac and cheese and Spanish fries. Everything is good, but my least favorite was the buffalo Mac and cheese. Just wasn't my cup tea. The pancakes are like desserts for breakfast and the portions are huge. Weekends are normally pretty busy, so expect to wait over a half hour. Cash only too!Spectacular food. Ambience and service were just okay. But the food--creme brûlée French toast and shrimp w grits were spectacular. Loved sharing both to get a taste of the sweet and savory.We were only a party of two, so at 9:00 a.am., we did not have to wait, unlike the larger parties who were there ahead of us. My friend had the Short Rib Benedict, while I had the "Kitchen Sink"--a three-egg crumbled-sausage omelette served in a skillet. The ribs were tender and tasty. The Kitchen Sink omelette was topped with their country style pork sausage gravy which looked like creamy Bechamel sauce. It had a very interesting and delightful flavor. Both dishes had skin-on potato wedges which were also quite delicious and filling. Servings are large, so if you have an average appetite, one dish can be shared by two. Since we did not split a savory dish, we were too full to try the luscious-looking sweet dishes they had. We don't know when we will ever be in Philly again, but this is a place that we must go back to. Our server was a very friendly Milo Ventimiglia-looking fellow, and we noticed that there were many other good-looking staff. Overall, I highly recommend this place.Crowded Sunday morning but seated quickly. Extensive hot and cold alcoholic and non-alcoholic drink menu. Huge portions or great food - pancakes, French toast definitely big enough to share!  Cash only, ATM on-site.Was in Philadelphia and Yelp brought me here. I LOVED IT. We ordered the benedict eggs veggie style and the pecan french toasts. Hell even the coffee was great. Go there, u'll love it.Good for breakfast/brunch (cuz they close at 4pm). The food is on point, especially if you need a rich, sweet, delicious breakfast.
The lunch salads are huge! And you will not want to share your duck pastrami sandwich on a soft rye with anyone :)I love Green Eggs Cafe.  I always get the steak and eggs and those potatoes are delicious .  I wish they would expand a bit more... but it's worth the waitFrench press was great and the English muffin, egg, cheese, avocado, and bacon sandwich was like a lucid dream I once had about eating an English muffin, egg, cheese, avocado, and bacon sandwich. I woke up feeling full and satisfied that day.I love the Chicken & Waffles Benedict its Southern fried chicken breast and poached country eggs on buttermilk waffles with sage maple and Louisiana Hot Sauce!Had a Saturday to relax but needed food before a pedicure. There's a few new places that opened downtown but I was fiending for something light. Saw the Green Egg's Cafe' & thought, "Oh, I could probably get a nice muffin or maybe a light plate of eggs." Mistake...this place doesn't do light...AT ALL!!!! 
Walked in & it was a mad house. I forgot to mention is was during the Made in America concert so, dumb me, it was packed. I was seated pretty fast but it was loud. I was considering going elsewhere until I saw the table to my right's food. A couple was leaning back in their chairs, just bloated but extremely happy. The woman noticed my confused look & said, "The creme brulee' pancakes....omg!!" Then my server appeared & honestly, I was afraid. I ordered egg white omelette with goat cheese & mushrooms; baked rosemary potatoes. I thought that would work for me since the creme brulee' pancakes looked great but not what I needed.
So waiting for my food, I went to the bathroom. Waited a while, since there's only one bathroom for the whole restaurant. 
Got out the bathroom & my food was hot & waiting for me. Ok...that's was a lot of eggs & potatoes. And it was very, very good & very filling. But I couldn't eat it all. I took about half of my omelette home. Looked on my left, there was a couple trying to eat the Red Velvet Pancakes & the Kitchen Sink. They looked at shocked as I did when I saw my plate.
Since it can get very crowded, very quick, I suggest you get their early & bring an appetite.This place is just an inch away from being a brunch euphoria. When I arrived with my girlfriend and son they stated that it would be a 25 minute wait. (Which is a walk in the park to me being as though it was springs first 90 degree weekend.) But we were seated much quicker than that. I started with the Ricky smoothie which was refreshing and had your typical blend of berry fruits with a twist of lemon. These smoothies typically pack less yogurt than the norm but it's nothing to complain about. For the little one we ordered the churro French toast sticks which were exactly what they sounded like served with fresh berries and a syrup and vanilla cream dip. I ordered the apple pie French toast (Delicious Delicious Delicious) and the peaches and cream steel cut oatmeal which I shared with my girlfriend. Sweet tooth ordered her the chocolate chip cookie dough French toast which is slammed with cookie dough and is the answer to every cookie lovers dream. Every single item we ordered we were won over by the first bite! I would definitely make the 3 hour drive back on a nice weekend day. (Maryland Native)There are more than a few vegetarian/vegan options here, which is really nice. I went here for brunch around 1PM and I had a ten minute wait for a table of five. 
I ordered the vegan ALT (avocado, lettuce, & tomato), which comes with a side (I ordered tomato soup). The vegan ALT was very delicious. The bread was very thick and the avocado was seasoned well. I would order it again! 
The tomato soup came with four croutons, but I was unable to finish it because it was EXTREMELY salty. I would not order this again. 
The service was AMAZING and quick. Our waitress was extremely kind and explained the menu options well. 
My friends ordered eggs benedicts, which came with large potato cubes that would be seasoned with rosemary or something else. If you don't like potatoes I would not order any of the benedicts.We ordered the chicken and waffles, creme brûlée French toast, and Nutella stuffed French toast (special of the day). The chicken and waffles was full of flavor, the fried chicken was fresh and juicy, and the egg was properly poached. Both of the French toast meals were amazing! When we showed up they said it would be an hour wait, but we were seated in 5 min. Cash only and they have an ATM available.This was a wonderful find. We were looking for a "neat" breakfast place on our stay in Philly for the Mummers' Parade, and it was recommended to us. The service and food were excellent. Even though we had to wait 25 minutes for our table the host was very accommodating (allowing me to park my scooter off to the side - I'm disabled), and they have heat lamps outside where you wait so you don't even notice the cold. Our  omelettes were light, fluffy and huge. Barista could have done a better job on our salted caramel lattes, but they were good. However, they do not carry decaf expresso - something they should reconsider. I would have given them 5 stars if they had had decaf for my latte. The home fries or actually thin wafers of potatoes are the best I've had. Order them with peppers and onions. I highly recommend Green Eggs for breakfast or lunch. You won't be disappointed.So hear me out! I LOVE THE FOOD HERE! The food has always been great! Full of flavor and rich in texture. The presentation is consistent and the ambiance is decent.
Problem 1: the wait time is horrendous! I'm a regular every Saturday around noon, and although it's expected to be busy they really should strongly consider EXPANDING! Some times the wait is a huge turn off. Parking is horrific as well. It's the luck of the draw. 
Problem 2: the people running the place aren't that friendly. It's like the mafia, speak when spoken to type of interaction. I don't get an overwhelmingly friendly vibe from any of the staff. 
Problem 3: this is primarily why I give only 2 stars. Often when I go to this restaurant I bring about 4 to 5 people with me. We're usually sat at the front by the door. It's their only long table. What I don't appreciate is that when its time to pay the bill the manager and or door boy guards the front door as if we are going to run out on the bill. And these are people of color that stand guard. It's disheartening and offensive. It happens every time like clock work. Except for when there's a group of Caucasian individuals sitting there. Gotta do better Green Eggs! 
Problem 4: cash only is annoying! I would much rather swipe my card. I don't carry cash on me in the city for OBVIOUS reasons.As we walked by we saw a mass of people eating breakfast here through the large glass windows. We caught a glance of people's breakfast plates and decided that this would be a great spot to grab a bite. Due to the restaurant being busy we did have to wait a few minutes for a table, however it was clear that the staff were moving as fast as they could to ensure quick service. 
The serving staff were all super friendly and we were bought over glasses of water and the menus within a minute of us sitting down. 
We both ordered the eggs Benedict which comes with a side of sliced potatoes. You can either have the potatoes with a hint or rosemary or mixed with onions and peppers. We both thoroughly enjoyed the food, but neither of us could finish it due to the large portion size (however this is common practice in the USA). The sauce was creamy but light and the eggs were cooked to perfection with runny yolks and properly cooked whites. 
We definitely left full to bursting and with only a small dint to the bank account balance.Had the apple pie French toast, strawberry smoothie and red velvet Pancakes. Everything was fresh and delicious. The perfect hangover cure. Well worth the wait!Excellent place to eat, all day they serve breakfast n brunch, n lunch. Hubby n i went for a weekend trip n happen to find this place, it's the best, we ever had, one thing i have to say, be prepared to wait about 25 to 30 minutes to get seated, but luckly we were lucky to get a seat within 10 minutes on a Saturday.  I had the chicken n waffle,very tasty live it, hubby had the cookie dough french toast n that is to die for, definitely recommend that. Service is great ,staff is friendly. They only accept cash. This place is a must to recommend when visited Philadelphia.This place is worth the wait, I had an amazing coconut drink that made me feel like I was on a beach. I had the strawberry shortcake French toast which was delicious but very sweet. If you don't want to wait to eat you have to go early. This place only accepts cash so make sure you have some so you don't have to pay the atm fee there.Green Eggs Cafe offers pretty standard American brunch fare.  I wouldn't say there was anything specifically special about it, but it has all the necessary components of a good meal service experience.  You guessed it: large portions, efficient and friendly service, and decent menu options that are consistently tasty.  If you have a taste for anything on the menu I don't doubt that it will be good.Always great. I've been here a few times and my favorite has to be the red velvet pancakes. Delicious. The portions are massive, and could easily be three meals. It gets crowded fast so I would suggest getting there as they open or trying to go on a weekday.Really nice little breakfast spot. Large portions and good mimosas make for a great morning. It is really busy and the table we were sat at was connected like a long bench to another couple eating which was odd but the food made up for that. I had a short rib Benedict with fried onions and peppers and it was wonderful. Too much food for one small person but delicious. They mixed a bit of horseradish in with the holondaise which really set it apart from the other benedicts to me.This is my favorite brunch place in the city, it never disappoints. Their apple pie french toast is to die for! The only reason i didn't give it 5 stars is because, the price is always increasing and could probably be a little cheaper.Took the family here and everyone loved it!
Portions are big. 
Food was delicious.
I would recommend sharing a dish.
They are getting 4 stars because no one came back to the table to refill our coffee. When asked for a refill, they acknowledged but never came back.This place was so good. I read the reviews prior to visiting Philly. Everyone talks about the red velvet pancakes so that's what I got. Make sure you go hungry because the portions are huge!!!!  Also make sure you have cash because you can only pay that way. If not they have an ATM located inside.  If you sit by the window there's an awesome mural to look at while eating.Delish Delish Delish
Did  I mention it was delicious?
I had their version of eggs benedict YUM
Tasted the Apple Pie French Toast, wish I could've eaten the whole order. 
Definitely going back!
Just beware, there are three and one of them does not do BYOB any longer.If you are getting brunch at Green Eggs, it is not because you were strolling by. It's because you planned it. The line can be quite intimidating and you can easily expect a 30-45 minute wait. 
That said. I would wait well over and hour to eat here. Once you get past the wait, you are in a state of euphoria and bliss. I have never been disappointed in my experience at this establishment.
As with most restaurants in Philly, you can expect a fresh hot cup of La Colombe coffee straight away. Then you need to make the impossible decision between sweet and savory. Me, I always choose both.
The general plan is for everyone to get a savory dish and then we put a sweet dish in the middle to share. Short Ribs Benedict is my personal favorite!!!
For the sweet side, I highly recommend the Apple Pie French Toast or the Red Velvet pancakes. 
Most importantly, as a side for your meal, break out the big bucks and spend the extra $1 on the grits. They'll even sprinkle some scrapple flakes on top. A definite win for the customer!
I love this place and will return. 
BE AWARE. THIS IS CASH ONLY AND THE BILL WILL BE MORE THAN $20. Generally, each meal is around $15. Bring enough with you. Even so, they have an ATM with a low surcharge at $.99.What is not to love here? Oh the wait that's right! 45 mins - an hour to get a table is steep but it's soooo worth it!!! As a vegetarian, my personal fav is the veggie eggs benny with the potatoes but everything in the menu is incredible! Go & try it all! Just make sure it's nice out so you can get some shopping in while you wait ;)Phenomenal brunch spot and worth the wait. The portions are gigantic and you are guaranteed very creative specials. We had the breakfast egg rolls and s'mores French toast kebabs, and eggs Benedict. Everything was mouthwatering! Can't wait to head back!This is THEE BEST BREAKFAST SPOT ever!!! The creme brulee French toast and cheese grits with shrimp will make you hum out loud!It was good, not super spectacular as I was expecting.  I believe though what made it drop in rating for me was the lack of any type of modification available.  For example, I ordered the shrimp and grits, which comes with two eggs on top.  I wasn't completely sure I would like this so I asked if I could have my eggs on the side then I could try it on top, (if I liked it...YAY...if not...I already know I like shrimp and grits so we are golden!!) The answer was "no, they won't do it that way. But feel free to take the eggs off yourself.")  After being slightly taken aback, I ordered it anyway.  It was very good. However, I don't eat green peppers and the gravy for the sauce was full of them.  I waited for our waitress to check on us (did not happen) finally after my husband had finished half his food (which was wonderful) I flagged down someone to ask for a side of biscuit gravy.  The answer was "I'm not sure if you can.  I'll ask."  At this point I was confused.  I did not wish for free gravy.  I'm unfamiliar with restaurants not allowing customers to order items.  Eventually, I was "allowed to order gravy" (a small bowel, $3)  after I offered to buy a side of biscuits and gravy with no biscuits.....all the while my breakfast is getting colder.  Overall, I won't be back.  Philly has lots of super options for food in which I can order, and pay to get something to eat without it being a hassle. Additionally, our water was empty and not refilled.  My coke was refilled by flagging down a sweet man bussing tables.Went with my boyfriend for Sunday brunch. We waited around 15 minutes to get a table, and it was worth it. Menu is amazing, it is very hard to pick! I had the creme brulee pancakes (were sooooo good, moist, sweet enough and delicious berry jam) and my boyfriend had The Kitchen Sink which was also amazing. We ordered a side of bacon and shared a smoothie and the check overall was under $40!
Service is really good, and we left stuffed!!! loved it, and would go again!Been here x3-4 at this point, mostly for brunch/lunch. Always a line if you try to hit it up during prime weekend brunch hours, and they don't take reservations. 
Signature red velvet pancakes are pretty damn good. The other standout I can remember is the vanilla bean creme brûlée French toast, as well as the short rib benedict.
However, my most recent time, splitting the Thanksgiving leftovers poached egg special and the spicy meatball sandwich (both specials), was fair to middling. 
It's on the middle-to-pricier end of the brunch scale at $12+ for each entree. 
Overall, it's worth it just to try the red velvet pancakes, but it's not going to be my first pick for brunch again anytime soon.Flies everywhere. Server unfriendly. Side waffle $11? And then my friend showed me the rat video gimme a break lolService was great, LOVE the pecan pie French toast, scrapple and eggs, and red velvet pancakes. Only takes cash but they tell you at beginning and show you were the atm is, huge portions so plan on taking some home.I've been to Green Eggs many times and I'd consider it to be one of my favorite cafes. Each time I've been, the staff has been very friendly and helpful. The atmosphere is cute and contemporary, but as it's such a popular place it can get a bit crowded. My only wish is that it wasn't cash only. 
Now, onto the food. Green Eggs are well known for their Red Velvet Pancakes. Believe me when I say they are HUGE, so I'd definitely recommend sharing. I've also enjoyed a variety of their French toasts. Their eggs benedict are delicious. But my absolute favorite dish they offer are the Shrimp & Grits. The grits are so cheesy, the creole sauce is so flavorful, and it's in a skillet so the portion size is pretty big! Yum!Trendy, exceptionally tasty, and large portions. A little off the beaten path and totally worth the walk. Only down side I found? Cash only. Outside of that, not a single "meh" type comment.  Go get your grub on!Green Eggs and Sabrinas are the "Pats vs Genos" of Philly brunch. Both are excellent and both have multiple locations throughout the city.
I've tried the breakfast burrito, Red velvet pancakes, and the Creme Brulee French Toast - definitely must trys.
Cash only.It was a 45 minute wait which was very irritating in the blasting sun and hungry stomach, but it was most definitely worth it. Luckily, I was a tourist for the day, so I went to Magic Gardens and came back just in time for a delicious brunch. I was really excited for the french toast and pancakes, but I ended up getting the kitchen sink. It was very good, but I regretted not getting my first pick (french toast). I guess I'll have to come back!The red velvet pancakes are too sweet to finish not worth 
However, Chicken and waffles eggs Benedict soooooo effing good! The perfect breakfast. You have the sweetness from the waffles spiciness from the chicken and savoriness from the eggs. The eggs were light. Def be back   
The Carmel latte was good tooThis is a great brunch spot in philly. It's always packed so except a wait because they don't take reservations. My favorites off the menu is the red velvet pancakes and the tofu scramble! This is the best tofu scramble I have ever had! Its so tasty with a excellent blend of flavors and comes with a side of potatoes and veggie sausage. I love coming back here just for this!Red velvet pancakes were great but wayyyy too much! Omelets are great but salty, probably b/c I had turkey bacon and ham (both obviously already salted). With fruit side and toast, it was very filling.The wait was longer then it took the food. Had a late brunch and food was great. Manager was a great guy, when I order ham with eggs it came out slightly cold, and took care so fast that he even took it off the bill in apologies. Great service,  all the waiters took turns coming to our table to take care of our needs.Carissa gave us an amazing experience! This was honestly the best breakfast I've ever had. She was so sweet and attentive. I think our original server was someone else but she was most attentive and caring. Thanks for the wonderful start to our day! I can't wait to come back soon when I visit Philly.Their food never fails. I enjoyed it every time I go. Just this time, something doesn't make any sense to me. So I went in and sat down first. I was trying to order first for my friend and I since we are on a tight schedule. The waitress asked if my friend is in the bathroom, I said no she parking (and pointing right outside of the restaurant.) Then the waitress said I am sorry, but we don't allow people to order for the person who is not here yet. I was like umm that's weird I remembered I did that before. So I said that's fine, I'll just order two portion for myself. She said sure. Okay... so I am wondering what's the problem here...is it because she thinks the food will be cold if I order for my friend first, or I can't pay for it? I mean I don't know... just doesn't make any sense to me...and we were never get check on to see if we want more coffee or water until we finished and waiting for the check...besides that...everything I had were delicious...I feel like we got a little lucky with an instant seating at prime lunch/brunch time on a Saturday, but I am glad we did. Service was fast and everyone was super friendly. Got the chicken and waffles eggs benedict. I was leery of the "hot sauce hollandaise" but it ended up being just the right touch to the dish. Fried chicken was great layered on the waffle/egg stack. Needless to say, there was no need for a doggy bag! The abundance of eggs benedict varieties on the menu was what had me wanting to go back for another visit, or two, or three!I have had this place bookmarked forever and finally I had a chance to go. 
Coffee nice and strong. The omelette my husband ordered was very good. 
My dish was disappointing. First I ordered the chicken and waffle. My expectations were really high since this is supposed to be one of dishes they are well known for. First bite - cold waffle. I don't ever send stuff back but the waffle was not edible. I let the server know and he quickly apologized and ordered an new one. By the time my dish arrived, my husband had pretty much finished his plate but it was okay because I was going to enjoy mine. 
My plate made it to me and the waffle was perfect. Score! Then I cut into the chicken and it was tough  and had an unusual color. Was it undercooked? It was fried chicken but the crust was not really present. And well I just could not get past that strange color. I had ordered the home fries with pepper and onions & what I got was rosemary potatoes. My potatoes tasted totally different than my husbands even though we ordered the same thing. 
The service was fine- coffee refills offered plenty of times which was appreciated. 
$40 for breakfast with tip- can't say I'd recommend or come back.After reading yelp reviews and seeing their menu, my husband and I decided to give green eggs cafe a try for our first breakfast in Philly. We are thrilled that we chose this place. The place was very busy but we were seated right away and the staff was very helpful and friendly. My husband had the kitchen sink skillet which was huge! He was very happy with this dish. I tried a special menu item that day called the Ultimate Philly eggs Benedict which was equally delicious! We would come back to this place in a heartbeat!The first time I went to Green Eggs, I fell in love. The line is going to be long any day, but I would definitely wait. The atmosphere wasn't too noisy. Saturday and Sunday brunch time are always packed. Their pancakes and french toasts are to die for. The kitchen sink is something to try as well. It's served on a hot iron skillet, and it's amazingggggggg.Food is 5 star but service is seriously lacking.  I don't expect to be fawned over in a casual place but a check-in after the food is served and to see if you want a drink refill is standard.  Left feeling full but thirsty.Such a delicious meal!!! I will DEFINITELY be back and I'm bringing EVERYONE!!! 
The red velvet pancakes are delicious...I couldn't even finish the kids portion...THE KIDS PORTION! 
Don't be fooled, there is a wait but it's definitely worth it. 
Do know that the specialty french toast rotates every 2 weeks (per our waitress). I'm waiting for the chocolate chip cookie dough  french toast to make a comeback.Must start out by saying we ate outside on a hot Sunday morning because our puppy was with us. No problem except it was hot and not the best way to try (and rate) a new restaurant.  The host was not friendly and seemed a bit put off we wanted to eat outside until he saw the dog. No problem.
The food was ok but not memorable. Many fellow yelpers prefer this over Honey's. Not me. Honey's is my favorite brunch place followed by Cafe Lift, then Sabrina's. The food is good here. Just better options. Service was friendly and very good.I normally frequent Morning Glory and Sabrina's so when I tried this I was skeptical. I was pleasantly surprised. Great food, cute decor with a fireplace and all. LOVE their stuffed french toast...so good...don't come here to eat salad and diet food u can do that at home.Great atmosphere. Loved the food. I had the creme brulee French toast and it was amazing!! The only thing the whip and fruit sauce on top were way too sweet for my liking. I also had the breakfast burrito and it was awesome and stuffed to the max. I also had a side of home fries with the rosemary and it was good i like my home fries a little more crunchy but overall they were good. Only thing is they only take cash!! But other than that i would definitely recommend and go back.Love this place. Although, the menu changes some, the food remains scrumptious . Prices are right, people are nice but....KNOW the space is small so you may be in for a wait.Excellent breakfast place.  Interesting menu, nice service, happening place.  Good restaurant for an eclectic breakfast.Breakfast was amazing!  I tried the breakfast burrito, the plate was so pretty that I didn't want to eat it but glad I did!After living blocks away and always hearing the hype, I finally went for brunch with family on a Friday. I was pleasantly surprised with how big it was inside, they had a whole extra room I didn't know existed. It felt very roomy despite being populated. We didn't have a wait either! Service was great - very friendly but not overbearing. Also prices were normal, in fact a lot cheaper than I expected. All of us could barely finish our dishes! I knew beforehand that it was cash only but I appreciated that they had their own ATM. My whole family really enjoyed the meal and the experience. Def worth the hype!The wait: 
You have to wait outside to be called.  I don't know how that works on a rainy day but I did not enjoy it on a hot, sunny day.  The wait for a party of three was 45 minutes at about 12:30 pm.  The wait for couples and outside seating was a little less. The hostess would walk around and ask parties of two if they wanted to sit outside.  The only problem was that she seemed to be doing it randomly not in the order in which people arrived. Be sure to check in with her periodically to see where your name is on the list.  I definitely saw one couple seated before a couple that was there longer.  Also, there seems to be a lag in the turnaround of empty tables. When I left, there were at least four tables empty that have been cleaned and cleared for at least 10 minutes. However, there were still a group of people waiting outside and the hostess did not seem in any hurry to seat them.
The food:
I had the steak and eggs which came with home fries, spinach, and your choice of toast.  I chose the multigrain toast and it was really good.  I enjoyed my meal. My friend had the vegan french toast and vegan sausage.  She said she enjoyed her meal.  I tried the vegan sausage and it was good.  This is coming from a serious meat eater! My other friend had the southern skillet which she said was very tasty. We were not able to finish our meal so bring an appetite.  
Overall, I felt it was a pleasant experience excluding the wait.  It was actually larger inside than I anticipated.  I would return when in Philly.This cash-only brunch place served the usual brunch fare with a nice list of specials too. We went on a Saturday around 10 and were immediately seated, but when we left there looked to be a wait.
The eggs benedict were as expected, with delicious rosemary potatoes. My husband had the breakfast burrito, which he thought was above average (and came with lots of avocado!). Service was decent, and food came out quick. A nice go-to brunch restaurant!Amazing place!  Red velvet pancakes were great not as amazing as I thought they would be but everything else was on point.  Scrapple was amazing!  Surely will go back again there Creme Brûlée French toast was delicious!I've been going to Green Eggs for years. It seems that each time I go back, I recognize fewer and fewer of the servers.  This is disappointing. With what seems to be more regular turnover in staff, the quality in the service has seemed to go downhill relative to its attentiveness and care.
The food is consistently excellent, no matter what I've gotten, whether it was for lunch or dinner.
Our most recent visit was last weekend for breakfast; the food was outstanding  as usual. However, when I requested a refill for my coffee, it took inexplicably about 5-10 minutes. She had forgotten, as only when I made eye contact with her, she arrived with a pot of coffee.
Would still highly recommend if you want a good meal for breakfast or lunch, with only average service.Okay, so I've only been once but this was probably the best breakfast I ever had. I ordered the signature red velvet pancakes and a side of bacon and both not only tasted, but also looked delicious. The pancakes almost formed a cake they were such a massive stack, but made up of fairly thin pancakes which are sandwiched with mascarpone cream, strawberries and chocolate morsels. Enough to make the friend I came with (who hates sweets) freak out at how delicious they were. And I barely ate a quarter of them too, so having paid $12, I had at least one or two more meals worth. Extraordinary.Best food I've had in a very long time! We had a 25mind wait, but it wAs worth it. Great atmosphere and great customer service. One bite of tiramisu French toast and u thought I wAs in heaven. Nutella latte and signature hash browns are must try. My husband ordered breakfast burrito. Very tasty as well. Very cute place with amazing food! Cash only! Park on the streets. Very environmental friendly :)Amazing!!!!!!!! The next time I'm in PA I will be coming back.
The space is very small so don't be surprise if it seems like your having brunch with a stranger. We sat at a long table by another couple we didn't know. The portion of food is very large so you don't really need to order extra sides. This is by far the best place I've ate at in PAI've heard of this place through many people and never really searched it out but found myself walking right past it one afternoon yearning for a good brunch.
The menu is staked with a lot of options for a solid brunch. The basic breakfast staples of eggs, omelets.l, and pancakes but their french toast sounded amazing however with a desire for salty savory the skillets looked most appealing.
I ordered the shrimp and grits skillet and my friend got the kitchen sink skillet (scrambled eggs, cheese, potatoes, biscuit and sausage gravy).  And we each ordered potatoe latkes. 
We waited about 40 minutes for our food which I felt was kind of ridiculous and our waitress didn't bring the food out or even ask if we needed anything until 20 minutes into our meal. It really wasn't that busy either for a Monday afternoon brunch. The grits were delicious and the eggs were cooked over easy but the shrimp was a bit over cooked and rubbery. The kitchen sink was delicious but very filling. A few bites into it were overwhelmingly filling!I love brunch. I need to make sure this is clear. Favorite meal.
I have been to the greats in Philly. This might be my number 2 meal in the city.
The kitchen sink is amazing. Simple. Amazing. The portions on all were enormous and there was nothing we did not like. The adults loved it, kids loved it. On top of amazing food, the coffee was perfect. This may not seem gushing enough but it's been a few weeks. But when we left, we were in food comas and talked about it for the next few days.
Only negatives...the crowd and the server was not great but were not bad enough to make this a bad experience.
Would give 4 1/2 if I could. Saving 5 for one other place. Sorry.Great brunch. Terrific omelettes, great specialties, and a helpful staff equals a terrific Sunday dining experience. Keep it up Green Eggs Cafe!Came to medium full, friday at 9 am.  Waitress would not put in the order for my 2 yr old child without having our complete order ready.  We had to get a manager to clarify that this is not the restaurant policy and were given a wonderful new waitress.  The order for him went through right away with ours following 5 minutes later.  I do not settle for poor service from one lazy waitress and this restaurant came highly recommended.
Red velvet pancakes came quickly and were fluffy inside and crispy on the outside.  My son enjoyed them.  Theres definitely a bbq kick to the bloody mary.   The crab mac and cheese was yummy with a Dry finish on top, sprinkled with a heaping tbsp of crab, and a creamy skillet beneath.  The crab was sweet like diner cole slaw.  My wife got the breakfast burrito and said it had an indian kick to it.  The food is very filling and the portions are generous. I had to take the crab mac home and couldn't finish even half for brunch.  Would come back.  CASH ONLY.Food was a 5, service was a 4 because our server was slow to coke check on us and slow to bring us things we asked for. He checked on the table next to us, but didn't turn to see if we needed anything (and we did need a box and the check). Other waitresses were more attentive of us so it was probably just this one waiter. 
We ordered the strawberry and cream stuffed French toast which was delicious. Not too sweet, although it did get rich by the end. The chicken caprese sandwich was also very good. The bread was an asiago bread that added good flavor and texture to the sandwich. I ordered it with a tomato soup that was similar consistency to a marinara sauce. I liked it although my fiancé would have preferred it to be a thinner consistency.A TON of food on each plate. I got the egg plate, came with toast, a generous portion of potatoes (AMAZING), and vegan chorizo. The chorizo was not my favorite, but the meal was still amazing. My friend let me try his cookie dough French toast; make sure you order a savory side, because that is a super sweet dish! Great service, CASH ONLY.This is by far the best restaurant in Philadelphia (that I've dined in.) Often, I would drive from Smyrna, DE to Philadelphia just to dine at green eggs. The only downside is they only take cash and they close super early.I don't know if I should be proud or ashamed that I've tried all of the benedicts on the green eggs menu. What can I say? I'm a sucker for bennys. I'd say the veggie benedict is my favorite, followed by the regular eggs benedict & chicken and waffles benedict.  There's nothing extraordinary about the benedicts, they are just really, really good and reliable. I've been to green eggs a lot and I've never had a bad benny experience. I like to order mine with cheesy grits because I'm worth it. 
The short rib benedict was a bit too salty when I ordered it, but it could have been an off day. I stay faaaaar away from cream cheese, so I can't comment on the lox benedict.
Overall, green eggs is worth the wait and the mild inconvenience of paying in cash.atrocious service followed by a general lack of consideration toward customers. fuck this place and anyone who works there. it's an embarrassment to the great and delicious Philly breakfast sceneBest brunch place in Philadelphia. Wait time is a little long (like 30 minutes to an hour) but definitely worth the wait.I have to say, green eggs loses a star after my last few visits. I just haven't found anything else on the menu besides the chicken and waffle Benedict thAt warrants the crowds and the price tag. 
I still enjoy that one dish, and shall return for it.Delish. One of the best breakfast places ever. Take cash and a friend to split a spurge and a sensible plate.Found this location on Yelp while overnighting in downtown Philadelphia on business.  
Location and Service:
I arrived at approximately 08:00 around the time the restaurant opened. The place is very clean and well kept and there were only a few people seated. The hostess was very welcoming and asked if we were comfortable sitting where she placed us.  The waiter was very quick to arrive and was always looking over to the table to ask if we needed anything.  
Food:
I ordered the egg white omelette with fruits and it arrived in about 5 minutes.  The portion was huge and the food was delicious.  
My overall experience was superb.  I will definitely return to this location if ever in Philadelphia.I'm torn between a four and five star review. I decided on five. I'd heard really good things about this place so I decided to give it a try. My middle daughter was upset because she wanted to take me there, oops. First if your going on the weekend expect a long wait. The place draws a crowd. We waited about 40 minutes for a table. Once inside we were seated at a small table for two. The place was actually larger than I thought. Be forewarned, this is a cash only establishment. That being said I had to make a mad dash to a citizens bank a couple blocks away. My daughter ordered a raspberry lemonade for us which was actually green. We didn't ask why it was green. Tasted ok. I like Cracker Barrels better. This restaurant prides themselves on being a "green" restaurant. All ingredients are locally sourced and their meats are made in house. 
Ok let's get down to the food. I ordered the red velvet pancakes. WARNING: these are huge!!! They are a three stack of cakes with chocolate chips and a cream cheese spread between each cake. They were topped with another slightly sweet cream and strawberries with a dusting of confectioners sugar. Aa much as I wanted to love these I just didn't. The cream cheese spread, which wasn't very sweet, make the pancakes a gummy mess. Just my opinion. If your a chocolate lover then the addition of he chocolate chips will delight. I also ordered a side of scrambled eggs with cheddar and their house made chicken sausage. The sausage have a bit of kick to them but I found them to be quite tasty. The eggs were just meh.
So your probably wondering why did you give a 5 star review Deanna? You don't seem impressed with your food? Well I wasn't too impressed with "my" food. It was my daughters food. She had the Apple Pie French Toast. It was AWESOME! Nice thick slices of challah bread loaded with apple slices, cinnamon crumb topping and a dollop of whipped cream. It was heavenly. It made me sad that I didn't order it. Next time. 
The menu has a lot to offer. The portions are large. They offer vegetarian and pork free options as well. I do highly recommend this place to any one looking for a departure from the ordinary.Writing this as I visit my favorite brunch spot in Philly. (I am not being rude on my phone, I am alone) Starting off with my coffee, I ask for heavy cream, my server without enthusiasm says they may have it in the kitchen and emphasizes downstairs. There is chantily cream all over the menu I am sure you guys have it. I assume she doesn't want to go get it for me. She brings me my coffee and places it on the edge of the table so I can fetch that for myself in front of me. She also brings me a straw as a stirrer. Another server brings me my apple pie french toast and with much enthusiasm tells me this is his all time favorite. He lifts my mood and I am happy about my choice. The apple pie french toast was so delicious. It had caramel dripping on the side with tart apples and a good amount of cinnamon. This is the french toast I come here for. I always leave here wishing I had q bigger stomach for at least two dishes. Personally, the coffee tastes watered down to me but its OK because the food is great!came here with my girlfriend for brunch, the place was packed!!
we shared the eggs bene and some bacon, and had some coffee. it was delicious. she enjoyed their green juice. 
my only qualm with green eggs is that they are only cash, and it was incredibly packed. the food was okay, but i think there are better brunch options in my opinionThe menus looks amazing! I got the veggie benefit it would really good but I have one big complaint that the potatoes were not hot or even warm and feel like they were from the day before!
If I overlook that the food was really tasty! They also have yummy coffee and shakes too. Overall good place.This is the worst experience I've ever had at a restaurant. A group of us came two days before my wedding. It was our closest of friends and bridal party and we wanted to take them out. Biggest regret to bring them here. As our group was filtering in slowly, the manager personally came out and was EXTREMELY rude to us. Yelling at how slow we were being. We explained and apologized again and again. He continued to stand NEXT TO OUR TABLE and insult us and yell at all of our close friends. We said we would leave if it was bothering him so much. He said "GET OUT." I started saying how badly this reflects on his future business and that I'll post a bad yelp review and he replied yelling, "I'M NOT SCARED OF YOU." It was humiliating to be yelled at with all of my close friends and family and watch them get yelled at as well. Last time I'm visiting this place.Green Eggs, despite its fun name, is not something to be taken in context from the children's book.  Upon reading the website, it is a nod to the "green earth" campaign hitting the commercialized foodie market, but not actually anything organic, farm-raised, or locally selected.  Of course, the menu offers some nostalgic favorites such as classic Eggs Benedict, but also offers spins on the odd-ball traditionals like, fried chicken and waffles, or creme brûlée french toast.  What lead us to try Green Eggs were the simple raves and reviews from people that like this place, but in actuality have never been to IHOP or Perkins.  The food was heavy, overly done, in large plates and tremendous portion sizes, barely leaving room on our minuscule table.  We gravitated toward the choice of ordering the Red Velvet pancakes, interested in trying them based on this craze sweeping foodies as well.  Myself and partner ordered one each, but our waitress did not bother to tell us that we could have gotten away with splitting the Entenmann's sized cake with not one, not two, but three layers, also filled with chocolate morsels baked in!  The dish, which we both barely even ate more than a quarter of, was obnoxiously heavy, cake-like in constancy, and made us sick to look at after three bites.  Kudos to the waitress for not giving us good advice on that order, simply to bump up her measly tip.  
Additionally, the breakfast add-ons, such as the biscuits and gravy, which our waitress recommended to be "really great," came out in an oversized plate, smothered in a sausage gravy (sausage not noted in the menu description) and with a stale, corn-muffin like biscuit that was brittle, hard, and densely dry.  
Bumping a small breakfast order up another $5 was the side of thick, super-salty bacon in three massive strips, greased up in a dish, ready to clog my arteries at first bite.
Beware of their "Cash Only" entrapment.  They are obviously too cheap to fork over the fees to credit card companies as their fancy, touchscreen POS terminals have the credit card swipes on the side.
Every dish that we watched come out since we waited over fifteen minutes for ours, was big, over done, and just looked poorly executed with thick sauces, fat mounds of coverings, and then dainty garnishes of fruits, or mint leaves.
If you want heavy, gross, and overpriced breakfasts, that will burn a hole in your wallet, this is a great place for you.  But if you want the same effect for more than half the price with better service, just go to IHOP down the block.
As a wordily food traveler, there are some experiences you just don't want to forget, but this is a place I quickly crossed off my list of most memorable places I have eaten.Came here for the first time today and it was not memorable. I ordered the "kitchen sink" and a tall glass of skim milk. The dish was just OK. If was really greasy and fatty and didn't have much of a taste at all. Was really disappointed with the flavors as well as the price ($13)Green Eggs Cafe is so yummy! It was my first time experiencing this restaurant/cafe and it was simply marvellous! 
I had a vegetable skillet, as well as Mac and cheese with bacon bits in it, and a Nutella latte that was made perfectly. My friend had tiramisu French toast that hit the spot.
The reason behind why I'm not giving it five stars was the waitress that we both had. The first one, I forgot her name, was such a sweetheart! She greeted us at the door, making a cute comment how it was odd where the location of the menus are and happily seated us at our table, explaining the menu to us.
It was early in the morning, 9:00 AM exactly so the fact that she was in a good mood made me happy too. 
The second waitress (I think her name was Devin?) wasn't exactly welcoming. She had a bad attitude, perhaps it was too early and I'll give her the benefit of the doubt that perhaps she isn't a morning person, but geez; I was a hostess during my teenage years and I learnt to leave anything personal at the door, before stepping into work. My friend even noticed her attitude and hostility.
Anyway, it was overall a good experience. Our first server was a sweetheart that'll have me coming back!The food is super delicious! I've never ordered anything that I haven't been completely satisfied with.
I just had my first lunch experience here; the food was great, but unfortunately I definitely can't say the same for the service. I was very dissatisfied with the service!
I still rate this 5 stars since this is the first time that I've received slow and poor service.Let me begin by stating the bad: There's always a wait, the place is small, it's cash only. That being said, I do not care about any of that because it's worth it. I have never had something here I didn't love! When I have people visit from out of town I bring them here because I am certain they'll have an incredible meal that they can't just get anywhere. I love the salmon benedict (those fried capers!!!) and the short rib benedict. Their short ribs are great, I love getting them over the grits. The mac & cheese is absolutely incredible. The specialty stuffed french toast options are always fantastic, they are decadent but worth the treat. The chicken cutlet sandwich is very good, their tomato soup is a great side. The short rib panini is delicious, as is the buffalo chicken mac & cheese. The specialty coffees are delightful as well as the lemonade. Long story short, you cannot go wrong when you come here.I've been to the 13th street location and honestly if you're going off of decor, space, service.... You'd pick 13th street. 
If you're comparing locations based on a wait time until being seated? This location better. 
But this is yelp and you're here to read about the food review and i'm here to tell you that BOTH LOCATIONS are on point! Had the short rib Benedict with an apple pie latte (uh yes you read that right.... APPLE FLIPPIN PIE). Green Eggs has yet to serve me less than satisfactory food. Between both locations i've been to this wonderful est. over 10 times and counting!!
Next on my list? Try the Passyunk location! =)I loved green eggs. I would recommend this place to my friends all the time. I thought their food was great, the service was pleasant and the atmosphere was amazing. Until, I went for brunch with my boyfriend. He ordered the buffalo chicken mac and cheese and i decided to venture away from my usual eggs benedict or french toast for the specialty caprese frittata. It was a beautiful presentation, but when i tried it, it was just not good. Nothing was wrong with the ingredients, I just didnt care for the dish. After attempting to get someones attention, I told our server that I didn't like the dish and if it would be possible to order another item. He asked me what I wanted and I ordered the veggie benedict. I thought it was strange that he did not remove the plate of frittata on the table when I had told him I didnt like it, but just thought it was a serving mistake. I flagged down someone else and asked them to take it since I was expecting another dish. The veggie benedict was great and I asked for the check. When the check arrived, I noticed the frittata was still on the bill. Since no one came around again, I flagged down someone who appeared to be the manager and informed him that I had sent back the frittata. He said he would be right back. When he came back, he informed me that because they had made the frittata I had to pay for it. I paused for a moment in shock, then proceeded to argue with the person. So I took one bite of this frittata, didn't like it, informed the server, ordered another item, and I'm expected to pay for both! I've never heard of any restaurant doing this. He proceeded to tell me that this is their policy, not everyone has the same taste, as long as the dish is prepared properly the guest is expected to pay for the item. Despite the absurdity of this policy, my next question to him was if this is such an odd policy, why was I not informed by the server when I told him I did not like the frittata and wanted to order something else, why didnt he tell me that I would have to pay for the frittata and the other dish I ordered. He repeated, it is our policy. I have never heard of any policy at any restaurant, and it's ridiculous that the server did not inform us of this ridiculous policy. Because of this lack of customer service and the policy to cheat the guest out of money, I will never be returning to Green Eggs. I have discovered this has happened to several other friends of mine, and Green Eggs is quickly loosing customers with this policy in place.OK so this place was AMAZING! we got the breakfast burrito with soy chorizo - it was great! The only thing I would have liked is a little more spice but I know that some people prefer milder dishes.  Also we got a side of jalepeno mac n cheese- yummy! (although the jalepeno wasn't really spicy either).  And lastly cookie dough french toast- OMG so great. Super flavorful and large portions! Would highly recommend this place!Not sure why this place gets such rave reviews or always has such an extensive wait (constantly crowding the sidewalk). Service has always been fine (I've only been at "off-peak" weekday hours with no wait). Food is mediocre - at best. There are plenty of other places in the neighborhood to get a great brunch without the wait.Very nice café! The red velvet pancakes is really for four people! The staff was friendly and the food was great! SO many great things on the menu it was hard to decide what to eat. I will be going back just to try the Crème Brulee French toast. A must go eatery.This place at first glance looks like a decent little breakfast spot with lots of vegetarian options on the menu. I ordered the Eggs Benedict on Brioche, and my boyfriend ordered the vegan breakfast burrito. The food came out pretty quickly, however, everything was undercooked. I had a side of rosemary potatoes. Some of the potatoes were actually cooked through  , while others were hard as rocks. I also had a pit of some sort in my dish (which didn't make sense because there weren't any olives present). My boyfriends Burrito was smothered in refried black beans that were cold, and the vegan eggs tasted like cardboard. Overall, probably the worst brunch I've ever had. No signs that indicate that it's CASH only...so after the waitress lets you know that you can use their pricey ATM, you're finally free of this joint.Amazing i recommend the brisket Benedict and the velvet pancakes. The service is good is just i hated the waiting time it was about 45 min but it was worth it. Make sure to bring cash as well.I was visiting from out of town and found this cute little place for Sunday morning breakfast. Luckily I had cash because it is cash only.  The portions are giant and the prices are reasonable.  The vibe was great.  I ordered shrimp and grits eggs benedict...mmmmm my mouth is watering just remembering the meal.  I will definitely go back if I'm ever in Philly again.Me and my boyfriend went here on Sunday early afternoon for brunch. The wait was expected (30mins) it was packed. The hostess however checked her phone about 6-9 times and when it was time to seat us didn't even remember our name ( we stood right in front of her the whole time.. Lol) Nonetheless, once we got seated services was great . Attentive waitress and coffee was delicious. They even had sugar cubes?! I haven't seen those in years ( pleasant and welcomed surprise)  I ordered the short rib Benedict... OMG soooo good and the cheesy grits as a side .. I loved it! My boyfriend got the chicken and waffles that was equally tasty. The only thing that I didn't like was his side of homefries. They were dry  and tastes like they were baked and sat .. Then microwaved to order. On a side note, we had a local celebrity sighting.. Most wouldn't have known who they were and eagles player and his lady friend a local news meteorologist.  By the time we finished our delectable meal the place emptied out. Totally would come back and recommend to others.Their Creme Brulee French Toast is so good that even my picky eater date wanted to kill it for me. 4 stars because the waiters could have been better.First the good things. I LOVED the shrimp and grits egg Benedict. YUM! I liked the potatoes with onions and peppers.  Our waitress really knew the menu. That's All! 
The bad things. 
1.  The seating encourages shared seating. OK not necessarily a bad thing BUT turn down the music so you can hear yourself and others conversation. This happened to me . I asked to be moved to a different seat and the gave me a song and dance about how its not their policy to change seating. I said, I could not hear. Then the waitress said she will get the manager. He gave me the practiced song and dance again. I said again that I understand your policy BUT I cannot hear my companion. I asked to sit at the other seats that sat 4 people. The manager said that those tables were for parties of 3 or more BUT there were 2 tables with 2 people sitting there. His excuse was that they came in early. We came in early too. Right behind those folks and the hostess said we could sit anywhere because it was early. OK so ENOUGH of the song and dance. So I am supposed to eat here and NOT talk to my breakfast companion? I CAN'T HEAR HIM! The manager reluctantly moved us. DAMN! This was our first visit. We didn't know about the shared seating. 
2.  The vegan tofu scramble was so oily. Dripping. I don't know if it was the Rosemary potatoes or the scramble itself. The bread was toasted with no spread on it. Earth Balance would have been a nice addition. Maybe they wanted us to sop up the oil in the plate with the bread. The vegan sausage was deep fried and mushy in the middle.
3.  THE COFFEE WAS BITTER LIKE THE COFFEE MAKER NEEDED CLEANING.
4.  The hostess was not at her post. We didn't know if we should sit ourselves or wait. The menus are right at the door. She seemed sleepy. After we sat down, the hostess had a cup of coffee. The Manager was on his knees cleaning the wall and wiping things down. Hmmm?
Will I go again? Maybe but I am in no rush. I'll go to Honeys Sit n Eat first and wait in line before I go and get bad service at Green Eggs.Creme brûlée French toast!!!! Everything here was incredible. Worth every calorie. Can't wait to go back.Very good.   Got the chicken waffle Benedict, was very good.  The other plate was just eggs, turkey bacon, multigrain toast potatoes which could have been crispy and a side of fruit.  The fruit was beautiful, fresh and tasty. Huge portions.Make sure you get there early. My boyfriend and I got seated for "brunch" (but it was early enough to just be breakfast) and there were about seven other open tables. Out of nowhere, the tables were full and there was a line outside. 
The staff is friendly and all work together to get you whatever you need. My boyfriend got the Kitchen Sink and it was so much food--the leftovers taste just as great as when it was initially served. I got the Chicken and Waffles Benedict, which was amazing. The Bananas Foster Latte was great, as well. 
Definitely recommend this spot and would love to go back for more!I've eaten here a few times. And before today, I would've probably given it a 3.5. The food is pretty good, the service is okay and I like that they use fresh ingredients.
Today was a damn nightmare in the service department. 
We decided to come here for lunch because we were in a hurry and thought Honey's or Soy would take too long. 
We ordered quickly (a special and a salad) and I asked for the dressing for my salad on the side. 
We waited. FOREVER.
People came in after us, ordered and got there food WAAAAAAYYYY before we did.
We were about to leave when our food finally came out. 
And my salad...was covered...in dressing.
At first I was so hungry that I just started eating so when she came by to ask how everything is I just said "Fine." But then I thought, "You know what? No. I shouldn't have to eat something that's not the way I ordered it because you made a mistake."**
So I called her over and asked if she could just take it off of our check because we had to go. 
She took it away and then bitched to her coworkers about it IN MY LINE OF SIGHT!
Are you serious?
So when she brings over the check she tells me "Normally we don't take things off of checks. Next time tell your server and we will fix it right away."
To which I replied, "Well, our food took forever and now I don't have time for you to fix it."
And she said (as rude as ever) "Well we would've made it a priority. Just know for next time, because we NEVER take things off of checks."
Next time? No, there will be no next time.
Sorry to rant but as someone who works in the food service industry this type of behavior is unacceptable.
I will never, ever eat here again.
**I know she didn't make the salad, but she put it in and when she brought it out she should've noticed it wasn't right. The place wasn't that busy. So even if it was the cooks fault, it's her responsibility as front of house. That's simply my opinion.I got up with a good friend again, the only one who's evolved enough to think brunch is cool and breakfast is cooler. We were back in the mix at Green Eggs Cafe, but this time it was to say goodbye to my Brother in Brunch, Brother in Breakfast, a good brother period... he moved away.
I learned my lesson from the red velvet pancakes last time about how to get them next time. Instead I went with apple pie french toast... 
EAUX SNAPS!
They were fockin' rockin' and it's rare that I say that. I made one small change to the order that really set off the whole thing. I'm not much a fan of caramel so I asked that it be swapped with vanilla anglaise. I was told that they could not. I demanded satisfaction! And for an additional fee of $1.50 or so... I was told that satisfaction could indeed be mine... so we reached an understanding. 
I didn't even order anything to go with it... just plain coffee and it was easily one of the best meals I've had. The anglaise was like putting ice cream on it, waiting for it to melt and letting it reach room temperature... all the while sidestepping the sogginess. And check it out, it came with a scoop of whipped butter in the style of ice cream. 
I don't know about green eggs, but as far as I'm concerned this is the Apple Pie French Toast Café.I LOVE green eggs!  The menu is so original and they always have daily specials!  I have never had a bad experience here.  The servers do a great job of getting there tables turned, so the wait is not too long.  But man it is worth the wait. I always have a hard time picking between the sweet or savory options!Best brunch in town. Recommend trying this weeks special, Kings French Toast and Moroccan Lamb Hash!5 stars for food, 2 stars for service - the hostesses were rude and unwelcoming, the waiting time was unreasonably long (there were 6 open tables, meanwhile we waited 50 minutes -definitely mismanaged), there was no air conditioning or waiting area. 
Luckily, the food is terrific and arrives fairly quick once you sit down, plus the waitstaff is pleasant (nothing like the hostesses).  We had Benedicts - one crab cake, one chicken and waffle. The potatoes are terrific and everything was perfectly prepared with great ingredients in generous portions.
Go an hour before you're hungry, ignore the nasty hostesses and plan on waiting outside. If you're ok with that, the food's terrific!Green eggs cafe is a fun, delicious place to grab brunch in Philly. You are, however, paying a few extra bucks for atmosphere as I think the food is slightly overpriced. That's also coming from my twenty-something, nonprofit employed self- so take that into consideration. The last time I was there I got the Crème Brulee French Toast ($12) and if you like sweet breakfast items- do yourself a favor and order this plate full of heaven. I saw a table nearby order this and a savory option as well and split them, which might have been a smarter choice and helped me avoid a sugar high, but c'est la vie. It was worth it. 
If you are planning to brunch here on the weekend either 1) get here early or 2) bring a book and be prepared to wait in line. For more than two people it can often be more than an hour wait. But the food is great once you get in, so it's worth the wait.One of my favorite places in Philly ! Great prices for big portions of food ! CASH ONLY (there's an ATM inside that charges $1). Get the chicken and waffles or the steak and eggs. They always allow me to switch side dishes like French fries instead of potatoes. Love it !Food was absolutely Bomb!!!! Hate the 45minute to hour wait but it's all worth it!!! I wish they could get bigger tables though or remove all that shit off the table when the food bout to come out; I need room for all that food they serve lol!what can i say 5 star the food is great and the owner rick is always there to say hello
that i love because i have a store and its nice when you walk in and the owner is there.
the food is always fresh and new stuff always comes up  on the menu. mitchellOkay I have been to green eggs many times and the food has always been amazing but this time the service was outstanding Angelo I hope you read this you were hilarious and so engaging you definitely made this trip a memorable one and our server Nate you were awesome full of positive energy this will always be my green eggs I'm never going to another location always this oneI ate a cavity for breakfast and it was wonderful. 
Seriously though that Creme Brulee french toast is just the right amount of sweet that you want to fall head first in love with. My friend had the Kitchen Sink which is all savory everything and we shared our dishes. Good move to balance out the super sweet vs the super savory. 
The food really is just all around good. The portions are more than enough. Neither of us finished our food. I want to go back, like now.PARTIES OF 2 BEWARE!!
Green Eggs Cafe may have good food but they also have a seating policy that is completely assanine. My fiance and I, a party of 2, waited 40 minutes for a table this morning because the 10 tables against the wall are for parties of 3 or more ONLY. As a party of 2 even if you arrive before a party of 3 or more they will not seat you first in the tables against the wall they will seat the larger party before you and you will have to wait. If there is an open table and no parties of 3 or more don't expect to be seated either they will leave a table open for everyone to see waiting for a party of 3 to come through the door.  I watched 2 parties of 2 leave the restaraunt because parties of 3 were seated at those  empty tables before them even though they arrived at the restaraunt a good 20 minutes before the larger parties. Total BS. Better yet the greedy pig of  an owner is instructing his hostess' not to sit parties of 2 at those tables. 
On top of the bogus seating policy the snot nosed hostess, who is no doubt the owner's daughter, tramps around the restaraunt with an attitude like none other. 
We will not be dining in again anytime soon. Take-out is your best bet here.Twice in 2 days?  That is how good it is.  
We were checking out of our hotel and heading back to NYC, what do you want to do for food he asks?  I sheepishly admit I really want green eggs again.  He jumps at the idea and says we should try the "other" location (we started our day at Newbold yesterday).  So off we go with visions of chorizo in mind.  YUM!  
I was not disappointed, I did have my chorizo, it was just too good to pass up.  That perfect blend of sweet and spicy.  It was a party for my taste buds.  Today I tried the philly eggs benedict.  I have to admit I do prefer my regular over easy but this was good and worth trying.  
I also will say I prefer the Newbold location.  Not hating on the Northern Liberties, we liked this area a ton and wanted to spend more time there.  It is simply that the Newbold location had more space for elbow room while this location was cramped and jammed into a MUCH smaller space; felt like we were back home in NYC already, lol!  
All in all we love Green Eggs and hope to find a runner up now that we are back home.  Keep up the great eats!Everyone's been talking about this place so me and some friends decided to give it a try. Servers were friendly and variety of food options. I rate this place 3 stars because although the food is very pleasing to the eyes (even better fresh and organic)... I'm upset that I can't really say it was pleasing to the mouth. Portions are way too big, The red velvet pancake could feed a family of 6, way too sweet and not worth the hype. Kitchen sink really wasn't all that, not much flavor and not very appetizing. I had a bite of my friends turkey sausage and can say that was good. I'm happy I tried this place out, but don't think I'll be coming back anytime soon.This place was packed but the service somehow was good and the food was fresh! I love trying new food combinations and I ordered the Cookie Dough French Toast. Everything on the menu had a unique twist (I must go back and try the Creole Shrimp and Grits!), but this dish was fluffy French toast and cinnamon with a spread of cookie dough, chocolate chips, chocolate syrup, freshly creamed ice cream and mint on top. It was absolutely crazy and I need to eat there again soon. This place is an absolute must for those seeking adventurous food concoctions!!It's a small tight place. I'm not exactly sure how the servers are able to serve with such narrow aisles in such a small space. 
I enjoy their food. I recommend trying the crab cake Benedict or short rib Benedict. They are my absolute faves! I typically bring champagne for mimosas. 
It's a cute spot for brunch with good food.OK,seems like I am becoming a regular here, but quick to find parking spot, service & people work here are great, my coffee is always robust. Took my hairdresser, she got eggs Benedict, then scrapple, then oj,lots of food. I can't eat much, normally split my french toast with Hanna-so it went home with me. Would have sat outside, but it began to spritz , but she wanted to sit in-I don't usually prefer it , it wasn't that bad, oh well.!! Returning soon!! Returned on Sunday, 7-10-11-Correction one of the owners is Rick-..the food was good, meeting of close Friend of mine ..sat outside. Our Bus boy/server-Angelo is bowl full laughs, piece of work...LMAO!! Don't get him started??!!. Luckily, the  majority of the help quite personable, not dis-ingenuine-not over the top either. If your not living in Philly & you have to drive, this is your location because parking very attainable.Go try it out..!!Great coffee ,with a  side of Cranberry & vodka!!! : ). From savory to sweet, they got it covered. My buddy ordered a mocha caramel choc.Latte-she said it was To -Die for...!!!
Must go!!what's the hype about this place? i can see why this place is only 3 and half stars. The atmosphere is nice inside, the host was really friendly and everyone's plate looked good. My steak and eggs was okay, the steak was a little too cooked. My girlfriend ordered the crab and cheese and that crab tasted bad. I've worked with lump crab meat before I know how it's suppose to taste. So we ask if we can exchange it for another meal but they could only discounted it even though we only took one bite. Fine, well just settle for a kid size red velvet pancake just so my gf can have something to eat. It took long ass hell for some kid size pancake. Plus our waiter was rude it look like she was annoyed or something, she never asked how my food taste either, bad service. Would I come back here? No.If you like your bagels squishy with grease & your scrambled eggs swimming in oil then this is the place for you!  If you are of the 99% who prefer their eggs light and fluffy and their bagels anything but greasey, then avoid this restaurant at all costs. It's gross. Overpriced. And makes you feel like taking a shower. I barely touched my food, and yet I think I ought to get my arteries tested for buildup after just three bites.  
Which brings me to my next point - as a former waitress, if I had a customer leave her entire meal untouched save a few bites, I would definitely find out what happened. Perhaps ask her if I could do anything to make up for it.   Not our waitress.  She completely ignored my full plate. 
Overall, I wish I could choose no stars. Awful, awful experience. Go to Honeys, Kraftworks or Interstate Draft House. Or better yet, make it at home.  Save your heart, people!! Cheesesteaks have less grease than Green Eggs Cafe!The service is just really bad. There are plenty of other places walking distance in the neighborhood. Save yourself the trouble. In terms of the food, unfortunately the descriptions are better than the finished product. I think these guys may have been worth it at one point, but with time and too many good Yelp reviews :-P have stopped trying.If you're looking for a trendy brunch spot in Philly... this is the place. Their menu changes daily, because everything they make is fresh. So you have to check online and see what they're serving.
The restaurant spot is very open and on a nice day there are seats outside. The wait staff are very professional and nice. It wasn't too packed on a weekday and felt the food portion was just right.
I ordered a coconut custard french toast item that was DIVINE!! They're presentation is excellent.
They have a deal on orange juice and champagne. If you buy a carafe champagne is free... but the catch? $30 for OJ. This visit, we weren't watching the prices so it wasn't a big deal, but in retrospect, that was a bit high for mimosas.
Cash only (although there is an ATM inside the restaurant)I had my very first breakfast burrito as a vegan here. YUM. I didn't like that they close early. I went back to eat there again and they were closed. I was bummed!I wish this place was open when we moved to this neighborhood 2 yrs ago but my wife and I are taking advantage of this as much as possible.  The 1st time we came the food was really good and the service was great. I had the kitchen sink and my wife had the omelette. The potatoes were hearty and their breads delicious. 
The 2nd time here I can't really speak so highly of. I understand it was memorial day so I have to take into consideration how busy it is but we waited 5 mins for someone to take our drink and food order and then waited another 30 mins for our food to arrive. I ordered the peanut butter french toast w/ a side of sausage and my wife had the eggs your way.  When I asked the food runner what the reason was for the delay he didn't have any reason.  We would've been happy if our waitress said that she forgot to punch in our order or that they were short staff...but no reason at all.  I won't hold that against them this time but it really shouldn't happen.  What am I supposed to expect the next time we come in?...I've been here a handful of times. First and foremost, the you tube video, any IDIOT can see, those rats are OUTSIDE. If you've ever been to this venue, and know how it is set up during the spring and summer, they have a huge glass window, with tables out front. Clearly you can see the dude recording through the window, and you can see the cars parked and passing on the street in the background. They're on a box of pizza... Green Eggs doesn't HAVE pizza. You let me know what restuarant in philly DOESN'T have rats OUTSIDE. Anyway, with that out of the way... The food here is always simply amazing. No other word would suffice. I would have given 5 stars, but its sooo small. I always get the creme brulee french toast with turkey bacon and I am never disappointed. The grits are AMAZING as well minus the scrapple. Definitely a restaurant worth seeking out and trying. Helps that they are a "green" restaurant.Honestly probably the best brunch spots in Philly. I like Philly but coming from NY, nothing is like a boozy brunch in NY. But BYOB for brunch is honestly the greatest thing and Green eggs Café knows it! Not only is it BYOB but they give you a crazy amount of food (And drunk me love some food)! The server was super nice and attentive, had no issues with any staff all friendly. And the price for everything made sense nothing overprice, so its worth every dollar spend. The only issue I always have is the 'Cash Only' rule, it kills me every time, I'm a millennial we don't carry cash (they have an atm in the restaurant, My bank just charges me a heft fee and it makes me upset). However this will still be my first stop when I go back to philly ! :)Bad service with an attitude, clearly a reflection of the owners attitude, I've never seen him engage with a patron or express any appreciation for the business. A stark contrast to the owner of Cafe la Maude who always makes you feel welcome and clearly appreciates your patronage 
The usual slow service and a poorly made omelet with cold toast served without butter. How this place continues to remain busy is beyond me. Still cash only in 2016? No thought or consideration for the convenience of the client, never going back againThe food and customer service was amazing! Kid friendly as well! We had the burrito and the pecan pie French toast!Went for the second time today.  Great Stuffed French Toast with amazing ricotta the first time.  Today went for a special; Sweet Potato Hash with two poached eggs and sausage.  Honey's tier breakfast, but slightly healthier.  Pleased to meet you, Green Eggs.I give it 4.5 stars (we had to wait outside in the cold for an hour). I got the Creme Brûlée French Toast and my boyfriend got The "Kitchen Sink" half way though the meal we switch meals and it was worth it! Both meals were equally delicious. (And I'm not an egg person). We will definitely be back but on a day that is a little warmer.I have eaten here before but today left our entire party very disappointed.  Of course the tiramisu French toast was amazing but my partner's lox omelette was a complete failure.  When this was pointed out to the waitress, the waiter and the manager they didn't seem to care as we had already paid.  (got our money, GET OUT?!?)  
This comes after waiting for an hour?!?  Way to go Green Eggs, you've lost at least 10 people from my world!This place is a Winner!!! I'm not gonna give specific details just come and check it out; you won't be disappointed. Service 5/5  Food 5/5  Decor/cleanliness 5/5Nice place, close to my house, I think portions of the dishes are way too big, but I guess Philadelphians like it.Try the kitchen sink. Then walk a few miles so you're not wearing the kitchen sink around your waist. Very tastyThe food was delicious however this place had a rough crowd when I went.
The entire meal consisted of hearing two males who must have been from Kensington or a similar neighborhood use profane language loudly. WHAT a ROUGH CROWD. I felt uncomfortable the entire meal. 
I would recommend some sort of dress code to weed out some of this clientele. 
For a great brunch without having to hear profane language the entire time I would recommend Farmicia which has been 5 stars every single time I've eaten there.Five stars, hands down. For the food and the excellent service ! 
For my boyfriends bday brunch we decided to try GE because it's always packed. We were told we might have a 30 min wait; we said OK and went next door, got a coffee and ended up going right in !! They don't mess around if you decide to stick around for the wait and call your name and you're not there, which I appreciate. 
We got in and we immediately saw a plate of red velvet pancakes. I also knew immediately I would tear that ish up, despite my hung over cravings for some eggs Benny. 
Our waitress was awesome, forgave us for  our outsider coffees-- which we ditched almost two sips in because it was gross anyway, and got a cup of the la Colombe they serve. Which was NEVER empty. Their refill game was on point. 
I apologize for the long review because it ain't ending any time soon, dear reader. 
Birthday boyfriend has a severe peanut allergy, so we asked the waitress of the chance of contamination for that stupidly good looking RV pancakes since they had a peanut butter special.  even tho we told her that we totally get how restaurants work and it's not a big deal if they can't make it happen she sent the manager on that day over to talk about the set up so we could judge whether the Benadryl detox was worth it. Which was insanely considerate of her. Also her brows were on point. Had to let you know, girl. 
I ended up getting the veggie eggs Benny, a SMALL side of RV pancakes- the waitress, Kristin was kind enough to let us know about the kids version instead of upselling us. Birthday boyfriend got the steak and eggs and French onion soup. 
We both got the Rosemary potatoes on the side. 
So good. So so so good. The poaching, the potatoes - I felt like Julia Child in that Bad Amy Adams movie where she cried out every time  she took a f***ing bite of food in that French place. 
Green eggs has their stuff figured out. As two people who worked on food service for a long time, we really really enjoyed it. A million runners, a couple of waitresses and minimum deco so they can really focus on the quality of the food they put out. Kristin, thank you for making birthday boyfriends birthday brunch amazing ! For the experience it was a really bang for our buck, too !! 
We will be back!very cute. perfect spot for a quick, yummy breakfast. i had the philadelphia style eggs benedict. its on a sotf pretzle!!! the coffee is great and im kinda snobby about that. my friend had a turkey club that was HUGE and fancy. the service was good. it was pretty crowded for 2:30 on a tues afternoon. but luckily we didnt have to wait for a table. its nice when a place is doing so well. i will be back.Their red velvet pancakes are a big tourists attraction. Their mac & cheese melts right in your mouth. I love how they have multiple locations so there's always a green eggs near by throughout the city. If you sit outside they are pet friendly and enjoy hydrating your little babies.I really have nothing against their food which has been great but they have a new waiting policy, that they only tell you about after you have been screwed over by it. If you have a waiting policy be up front about so that people wouldn't waste their time. We arrived at 11:40am and was told that there were 15 people ahead of us and the wait would be an hour. So I asked would it be okay if we headed back to my car and waited, the hostess who took our name said sure no problem check back in 20mins. We show up 20 mins later, mind you there were a pair in front of us asking a ton of questions, finally get to the hostess and gave our name and she stated that she called my name at 12:04 because 5 people ahead of us were no shows. It was now 12:09 and she said that they removed us from the list and if we would like to be placed back on the list we will now be at the bottom. I tried to reason with her reiterating our original conversation and her response was the time she gave was only an estimation and it was their policy if you were called and you were not there you were removed. Nevertheless, I tried to reason with her as we were going with what she originally said to us about checking back in 20mins and all she said well it's policy. Another,  guy showed up (I'm guessing some sort of supervisor) listening in but not really hearing the jest of the story and it basically said well it's now our policy. They were not really nice about it and were a bit smug as I guess at the end of the day Green Eggs will always get it's customers especially on the weekends. I know I wouldn't be back as they really could have handled things much better.