Love this new cafe that took over when Lovers & Madmen (which I also adored) moved away.
I got a very good cafe au lait with soy milk and a delicious toasted bagel with vegan cream cheese. Also loved that the barista was a former L&M barista.I am actually reviewing the new location that just opened up on 17th and Arch! I am so thrilled that a decent coffee shop where you can sit and used wi-fi that is not a massive chain opened less than half a block from where I live! I love love love the coffee here - - it brings me back to my time spent living in Europe - - and the pastries are freshly baked and delicious. This place is a bit pricey and on top of it each transaction encourages you to fill out a tip amount when paying with credit card So between the slightly just slightly inflated prices and tips you are going to be at a higher price point than Starbucks but this is soo soo soo much better so it is worth it! I could drink this coffee every morning and have been!What a great place! The baristas are friendly, and the food variety is good and at decent prices. It can get pretty chilly in here (the wind from their heating/cooling system is pretty strong), but not all spots are the same.  A really good study environment as well- it's nice and quiet with most of the other people there either working, reading, or having small conversations. There are a good amount of outlets too, and a variety of seating (table, couch, high-top). Plus, the windows make it super bright and cheerful on sunny days. And there's just something about them--I love drinking out of their mugs! Love this coffee shop!I come here to wake up my nose in the morning. It smells like coffee and old wood. I usually come here for either a chai or an espresso, though I think they do coffee best. 
During the winter they have special lattes like pumpkin and gingerbread, both of which are SUPER yummy and perfect for a quick dose of happiness. 
There's actually plenty of space, but it has a popular place for people to come to study so, like any other coffeeshop, come early or at non-peak hours to make sure you have a spot.Great atmosphere, good coffee and food. Prices are high, but I still patronize the cafe so it must be worth it.Coffee is always fresh and hot. Friendly staff and a great location. Nice seating outside and great place to mingle and people watch!Best chocolate chip scone ever (if you like cinnamon), great tea and cosy place. I love to relax there after work, it's peacful and if you need to study of work a bit it's ideal.One of my favorite places for studying on (the edge of) Penn's campus. Free wifi and abundant power outlets. It's a welcome relief on sweltering days - the place remains cool and offers a range of chilled beverages, with my favorite being its Iced Tea (today's was Green Tea). Make sure to get here early on the weekends to grab a table, because it's a pretty popular studying/work spot.I come here a lot because it's across the street from work. The employees are friendly, the food choices are yummy (although slightly overpriced) and I find the coffee to be of high quality and good taste. It's a great place to sit and do some work while drinking your coffee or tea.Reminded me of Starbucks. The cashier was nice. The atmosphere was quiet on a Saturday morning. I found this place in an online search for brunch. Not good for brunch. They have heat and eat items. The coffee wasn't bad. If I lived in the area I would frequent this quaint coffee shop.Had a much better experience at the location on Lancaster. Went in this morning for an iced coffee and a bagel. Could've gone to Dunkin' Donuts paid $2 less and gotten equivalent service. The barista was sitting down playing on his phone and took a couple minutes to acknowledge my presence. 
Coffee is good though I remember it being stronger last time I had a cup at the other location. I expected the cream cheese to be already on my bagel but found out I was given one small packet to apply myself. That might make me sound a little high maintenance, but when I choose to go to a small business with higher prices I'm going there partially because I expect higher quality service. 
I get if the day is slow and you wanna screw around on your phone ( I worked in a bakery for six years) but at least lift your head up when a customer walks in the door. 
Will come back and edit this review depending on my next experience. I liked the atmosphere in the cafe and see it as a great space to get some work done!Always a great latte and a nice staff. I've been here dozens of times over many months and I'm bummed to see a lot of bad reviews because I've always been a happy customer here.After my sister's graduation ceremony, the family was famished...we almost ate the car cushion seats. Luckily, we came across this gem a few blocks down from the Pharmacy School at USP. I must say every time I'm walking in this part of Philly, I'm always stopping to take pictures of the beautiful streets; it makes the walk a little more enjoyable. The first thing I noticed was the outdoor seating of cafe before we walked in.
     It was a quaint little, corner cafe. You can smell the coffee brewing as you walked in and the bright display of all their baked goods. From their featured sandwiches, I had the opportunity to try Chicken Bacon Ranch; it was a sourdough bread filled with chicken breast, bacon, provolone, lettuce and tomato. You choose an  item from their display and they heat it up, panini-style. Taking my first bite, I was happy the inside was thoroughly warmed up with the cheese melted. The bacon makes this sandwich the real winner. I scarfed down the entire sandwich in a matter of minutes. Looking around, there are a few tables that were occupied with people working away on their laptops and the usuals coming and going with their daily caffeinated drink. If I was in the area, this looked like a great cafe to work out of and a great choice for vegan food. 
Can't wait to try them out again when I'm back in Philly!Pretty good! I like their bagels and their special spreads, like the French Toast bagel.Sandwiches are good but they are not made to order so if you go in the afternoon they might not have what you want.
i had the turkey croissant and it was decent; not sure if it was worth the $6.75 though.
Also not a lot of seating - lots of people camping out here to studyThis place is a sanctuary. I frequently come here to escape my sad office--thank heaven for green line.I stopped by the Green Line after numerous recommendations from my roommate (both he and I are new to the area). The light music, simple decor, and spacious seating arrangements made for a tranquil environment - ideal for the peaceful morning brunchers or bookworms among us. There are two medium sofas and two armchairs so you can either sit back and relax or post up and study comfortably. The menu, though featuring a handful of dietary options (I.e vegan and gluten free), left a lot to be desired in terms of quality. I visited at around 9:30 on a Tuesday morning and they were already out of bacon so I had to settle for the baconless egg and cheese muffin. Felt a little pricey at $4 but the sandwich itself wasn't bad at all. I wouldn't go out of my way for it, but it made for a solid breakfast choice on a peaceful Tuesday morning . (While waiting, I also overheard that they don't serve soup at this location, despite advertising it outside their door... weird). Their hot chai latte, while cheaper than most at $3.25, was fairly underwhelming. Criticisms aside, Green Line's staff was friendly and accommodating, and its atmosphere will surely draw me for another round of morning reflection.This is my favorite place to do work. The music isn't too loud and it's comfortable. The coffee is nice and strong. Highly recommend ... The location on 43 and Baltimore is great for sitting outside by the park this one isn't in the best location for outdoor seating, but there are a few spots. It's worth the walk past Dunkin donuts for sure :)I came here on a Tuesday afternoon after passing by a few times and realizing that some "new place" had replaced Lovers and Madmen. 
I ordered the sweet potato burrito which the waitress heated up on the grill for me since it was not made on the spot. I liked the burrito but wouldn't get it again. It was a decent amount of food for $4.75. 
I think the draw in this place is if you're looking to get some work done while drinking a caffeinated drink of some sort. I really liked the chill vibe of the cafe and I could tell that a lot of the patrons enjoyed being there to study and do work. Limited seating though so tough for larger groups of people.Coffee is usually pretty good, and I'm a sucker for the discount day-old pastries, even though there usually aren't any vegan ones left. The staff are always super friendly. It's really close to my west philly home, but it's usually completely overrun with loud college kids, and the bathrooms consequently can get a bit skeezy. Also, I was pretty disappointed that this (albeit small) chain took over an independent shop in my area. I try to stick to non-chain establishments.This is a very calm and kind of rustic place to do work. There are the occasional chitchatters, but the seating area is dispersed well enough that you can most likely find a spot far enough to tune them out if you're ADD like myself.
The iced coffee here is delish! It's smooth and flavorful. I thought my homemade Vietnamese iced coffee was the best (ha!) and sometimes think I should just keep my ass at home to save money, but the coffee here is worth it.
Got the Peanut Butter Fudge Brownie, too. Very rich but a tad too sweet for my taste. Label says $3, but actually add $.50 to that and then throw in tax. Shrugs, good stuff though if you have a huge sweet tooth.
The staff is really nice and the bathroom is clean. Lol those aspects are pretty darn important if you're gonna sit your ass in a cafe for hours!
Also, free 2 hour parking along Ludlow on the same block as this cafe. Woo!One of my favorite hidden gem cafe on Penn's campus. It's never too crowded, and there is always an outlet available. The coffee mugs can be refilled for less than a buck, perfect for a long day of camping there and working. I always visit here when I feel like removing myself from the environment of campus for a bit. Great location - totally would recommend!Walked in here today-- this location replaced an old coffee shop, Lovers and Madmen, where I used to buy my coffee beans. This location (they have several in West Philadelphia) also serves coffee beans options-- several, including an espresso option which I thought was fun. They also had sandwiches in their display (not a ton) as well as other non-coffee drinks. The place for seating isn't super huge, but they have more comfy seating (couches) compared to the nearby coffee shops.The barista ignored me for the first 5 minutes while being the only person in line.  Then (another time at the same location), after finally ordering a breakfast burrito and coffee I took a seat.  It took about 10 minutes for the microwaved burrito to come out, and somehow it was still partially frozen on the inside!  GROSS!  I wouldn't recommend coming there to eat.  The coffee was acceptable though.  Just a terrible experience overall.  Tables are tiny and hard to do work on as well leading to a poor coffee shop experience.I love Green Line Cafes. Their sandwich choices are unique, their teas are great and they have amazing baked goods! I love that they carry vegan Dottie's Donuts. 
My favorite sandwiches are The Steve and the Sweet Potato burrito. The Steve has delicious marinated tofu with tomato and creamy aioli on crusty bread. I loooooove it. The sweet potato burrito is filled with kale, black beans and a creamy aioli as well. Super savory and sweet! 
I love the different flavors of Dottie's Donuts too! I've had hibiscus, coconut cream and matcha pistachio. All were delicious. 
This cafe is a little larger than the one on Powelton but it is a little tricky to find seating. Just be patient and hope people will leave...Can tell this is going to be one of my new go-to places in University City! A beautiful, clean location. Music/soundtrack was on point. Seating is limited, but there are outlets strategically placed on the ground near the tables which helps. Wifi is smooth and strong. It feels nice and comfortable!
Drinks are solid, and there is an amazing selection of food/pastries that I am dying to try (including a sweet potato burrito, turkey croissant sandwich, goat cheese croissants and almond croissants, and a halloumi cheese sandwich). There are also tons of muffins and donuts, and gluten-free bagels!
Will update my review once I try some of the food, but I already have such high hopes for this spot!I have been to this cafe a few times and have had good experiences. If you are in a rush in the morning, this may not be the place for you. While the barista is constantly moving, warming breakfast sandwiches and making coffees and such to order, he is only one person, so be sure to allot 10 minutes for your order. 
That being said, the coffee is delicious. I recommend their mocha, which satisfies both of my C cravings- chocolate and caffeine. I have had muffins, a vegan pumpkin cookie (you really couldn't tell it was vegan), and an egg and cheddar on English muffin here, and all were fresh and delicious. Day-old baked goods are available for half price and are delicious also. 
This is an adorable little coffee shop with a sweet and knowledgable owner and many GF, vegetarian, and vegan-friendly offerings. This location has plenty of sitting space and delicious coffee and baked goods. They also accept credit cards with no minimum purchase. 
What's not to love?Used to be very good for sitting down and getting work done. Now the music is just tooooo loud and un-ambient.Environment: Yet another place in University city that has a decent vibe. The lighting is a little low-lit than I would personally like it; however, it does the job. What I like most about this place is the amount of open seating, couches, and tables that are available to you. The environment at this place is significantly nicer than the other green line cafes in my opinion (Baltimore ave one being a tad cramped, and the other one on Locust not having enough couch area)
Service: Without a doubt, excellent service from the person behind the counter; extremely friendly; never hesitant to give me a re-fill on hot water for my tea.
Drink: Again, I do not drink coffee. Look at other Green Line cafe review for tea recommendations. For their price and quality of tea, I would easily pay it again.
Food: Gluten free options? Consider it done...
Price: For about $2.50 with a $1 tip, I absolutely love this place.This place is everything I want in a coffee shop, delicious black coffee, incredible lattes, large tea selection, breakfast, lunch, and pastry options (my favorites are their almond croissants and green tea donuts), with lots of seating and window light. I'm lucky to have GreenLine so close to my house!This is quickly becoming one of my favorite places to work. There are a lot of tables, a lot of plugs, and relatively good internet access. The coffee is pretty good. The staff is friendly and the background music is pleasant. I have only had their in house cookies -- which were ok. The four seed cookie was nothing to write home about. They also sell some yogurt,breakfast sandwiches and other pastries that look good and reasonably priced.Great mocha. Delicious. Creamy, flavorful, caffienated. Good price. Nice trendy coffee shop vibe.I'm a relative newcomer to the neighborhood, but have been here 4-5 times as it's pretty much the main location you can hit for coffee in the 0.3-mile radius. It's normally just fine - the food is edible but has the normal vegan faire sin of being loaded with dried Italian seasonings (speaking for all supertasters here: please stop that, y'all), and the coffee is decent. Service is rendered by nonplussed 20-somethings, which is also fine. But today on my last visit, I unfortunately encountered the 2nd worst public bathroom visit in the US (we don't speak of the 1st). 
The public restroom (separate from the employee restroom, of course) literally had fresh feces smeared all over the floor, and smelled so bad I nearly instantly vomited. Then - I kid you not - within about 20 minutes, the two areas of my body that touched this godforsaken space (hand and my arm brushed the wall maybe?!) immediately started breaking out in itchy hives. What?! This has literally never happened to me before, but... no wonder they have an employees only bathroom?5 Stars for the Coffee- Really smooth dark roast. 
1 Star for the pink haired barista who yelled at groups of customers for not having purchased anything in the last hour (on a pretty slow day), then asked them to either purchase another item or leave the store. Take a hint from Hub Bub, Square One, La Colombe, and the thousands of other successful coffee shops around Philadelphia and get back to me about how this is a smart business decision.Great coffee shop. Excellent cold brew, friendly staff, charming atmosphere. Wanted to try the birthday cake cupcake, but was able to resist (this time).Solid coffee. Kinda wish they would change up the flavors more often. Excellent service and ambiance!I am new to the area and went to this cafe with a friend of mine to study this afternoon. My friend ordered a coffee and I went to sit at a table. Around 10 minutes later, the gentleman/barista at the counter came over to my friend and I, tapped me on the shoulder, and completely interrupted our conversation. 
The barista then rudely told me that if I don't buy a beverage/item then I need to leave. I said I'd gladly pack up my things and leave. He then RUDELY yelled "Well that's on you!"..... I told him that my friend bought a coffee and that we were simply studying. He then berated me by saying that "Wifi isn't free" and "We can't just let everyone bring their friends for free. It's one beverage per computer." I wasn't even using their WiFi to begin with.You are on a college campus for crying out loud. I have never heard of a coffee shop kicking out patrons for not buying anything, especially when it isn't even crowded.
I told the man that he just lost a customer, and he replied "You weren't even a customer to begin with!" My friend, who has been a patron for 5 years, told him that he himself will no longer be coming back. This guy obviously had a terrible day and just took it out on me. I will NEVER be returning and I am telling all of my friends to never enter this establishment.I've only had take-out coffee on several occasions from this very nice, smallish coffee shop. It's excellent. Staff are very friendly and pleasant. Efficiently managed, never a wait.Too many rules, too many policies. Seems like they're hurting for the bottom line and it really makes the customers feel unappreciated. I highly suggest the owners of to read up on the "Never Say No" school of customer service.Having visited the other two Green Lines in West Philly (45th + Locust, 43rd + Baltimore), I am surprised that I am giving a Green Line 5 stars! This one beats the other two by far. I would give the other two locations that I've been to 3 stars.
Friendly baristas, spaces by the window to bask in the sun while working, outlets everywhere, comfortable seating, reliable wi-fi, clean bathroom, takes credit cards, reasonable prices...all of these pros would have sold me already. Add in the surprisingly GOOD COFFEE, and I was done for.
Their regular brew is smooth and excellent. I also have had an iced Americano which hit the spot after a walk in the warm weather. Solid wheat everything Bagel. My friend loves their iced tea, although I have never gotten that since I am partial to coffee.
A big plus is that even though this is on the outskirts of Penn campus, it isn't teeming with undergrads. Not that there is anything wrong with them, but it is rather pleasant to be surrounded by other grad students or working professionals, as well as some good older mix of people. A very pleasant contrast to the often overcrowded undergrad scene at Saxby's down the street.I've been coming here for a while but I was disappointed at their service recently.
First the wifi has problem, it won't connect to anything except Google. Like I can search in Google but it wouldn't let me into other sites from Google. They've been having this problem for a while and they didn't fix it.... 
Second if you are cappucino lover, don't get cappuccino from orange haired batista. He gave me a cappuccino without latte art!! The reason I have been coming here for so long was their awesome latte art but now I am so disappointed.....Love this place. I stop here at least three times a week on my way to work. The coffee is good and the staff is great. Sometimes a wave of people coming from the subway all stop in at once, the line can get 3 or 4 people long but they're always quick the wait is never long. I've never hung out to do work but there's are tables and comfy chairs and clean bathrooms.I waited until I had visited twice to write this review, to make sure I didn't have a fluke experience. A couple weeks ago, I saw a sign for a toasted marshmallow mocha, which while a little "froofier" than my typical latte choices, I decided to try because it sounded different. Upon asking the barista for the drink, I got a clear look of disdain, and was asked what I was asking for. "The drink on the sign outside your door." 
After returning home with the drink (I went with it iced), I realized it was sickeningly sweet. I get that I didn't order straight espresso, but I also didn't order a cup of syrup.
I decided to try it out again this afternoon, and instead went with a more classic iced mocha, which was more pleasantly received by the  (same) barista. While waiting for my drink to be made, I listened to two employees talking about a man who had been sitting in the cafe yesterday, "taking up space." The tone was just so rude and inappropriate, and apparently the barista asked the paying customer to leave because he had been there "too long." Definitely not a conversation to have in front of another customer. 
I again waited until I got home to try my drink, to find that it is so extremely bitter, I can't even drink it (in fact it is sitting on my desk as I write this). Mixing it around doesn't help either. 
Takeaways: inconsistent drink quality, unprofessional employees, and not impressed by the interior of the cafe (I took my drinks home for a reason)I've only been to this location once (I've been to the Baltimore location a few times), but as a general note, Green Line has good coffee and AMAZING muffins. Actually, I've only gotten the apple cinnamon muffins here, so I can't really say I've had a wide sampling of the food they have, but these muffins are probably one of the best I've had. The perfect blend of crunchy, soft, sweet, and tart. Need to eventually try the other items on the menu, but I just can't stop myself from getting what I know is good here.
As for the location itself, I really like the atmosphere here. There's a lot of space, but Green Line still manages to stay cozy. There are outlets in one of the corners, as well as some on the floor, so if you need your laptop to get some studying done, you'll have no problem doing it here. Surprisingly, this place is less crowded than I'd expect it to be (which is a plus for me). Free Wifi (just ask for the password) and no credit minimum!
Nice little spot to grab some coffee or get some studying done. Even though it's pretty close to Penn's campus, it's not swarming with Penn students (which can be nice sometimes).I have been a regular here since it replaced Lovers & Madmen; however, I'm never coming here again. I had the single worst coffee shop experience of my life here today. 
I came into the cafe around 11am today and found it half-empty. I sat down with a friend and had coffee - I purchased a coffee and he did not. The gentleman behind the counter came up to my friend and asked him to leave unless he made a purchase. My friend immediately obliged and started packing up his stuff; however, I kindly pointed out to the gentleman that the coffee shop was empty, that I am a regular there, and that the person he was kicking out was a friend I was having a great discussion with, so I would really appreciate it if he could allow my friend to stay. I told him I would understand if the coffee shop was remotely full, but it was not. The gentleman then switched the topic and responded by YELLING that internet access is only for customers, to which I gently responded saying that my friend and I were not on the internet. The gentleman then repeated, YELLING even louder, "Internet is only for paying customers!" --This is an argument I just told him made no sense. And then my friend, wishing to avoid conflict, said that he would just leave. After my friend left, I went up to the gentleman and gently said, "I have been coming here for 5 years (when it was still Lovers & Madmen), I know you are a really nice guy. Therefore, I know that you are just having a really bad day. Please, I know how nice you are, so please don't take your bad day frustrations out on your customers. I'm very disappointed in you because I know how nice you can be." He responded to that by YELLING, "WELL I AM DISAPPOINTED IN YOU!" After that, I just walked out, and I'm never coming back.Nice little cafe that has good coffee and even better hot chocolate. It is a good place to catch up with someone but can be a difficult place to get work done as there isn't a lot of space and the tables are small. They have a chess board and a couple other basic board games. Staff is very friendlyCoffee tastes excellent and is a good deal! Good service and friendly, homey environment. Great place to sit down and get some work done. Free WiFi. 
Food is overpriced and not worth it. I ordered a bacon and egg sandwich but it didn't have any bacon on it when I got it.When did cafes stop making their entire menu explicit so I know what I can and can't get? Luckily, I got really excited about the matcha trend circling its way back around because it means I can finally get green tea lattes away from the Starbs! Green Line's interpretation doesn't automatically come sweetened, which is good for me because it's hard to dilute a matcha drink that's too sweet without adding more of it.
I also got almond milk to preserve my stomach, and I know people struggle to foam it. Good job, barista, you knocked this one out of the park!
My only gripe with this location is its speed. They seem understaffed for the locatiom they're in, which makes me concerned with how people will perceive the establishment. I don't mind waiting since I get involved drinks, but when my drink makes someone's literal cup o' joe take 10 minutes it's a little concerning.This is the ideal place to sip hot chocolate on a comfy couch and study. If you're looking for a quiet, cozy cafe with snacks like goat cheese croissants, lemon poppy cookies, and Dottie's donuts, this is the place you want to go.
Downside: slow WiFi.Aside from the aesthetic and perfectly catered hipster vibe - the coffee here is subpar and overpriced. I ended up paying around 5$ for very milky coffee that couldn't keep me awake past lunch. Stick the good ole Dunkin Donuts,Wawa, or Starbucks coffee and skip the lure of " mainline coffee shop " vibe.I like Green Line Cafe so much more than I liked Lovers and Madmen (sorry, fans of L&M). The entire space looks like it had a face-lift. The café feels cleaner and updated and it's now a great place for a business meeting or just a quiet place to get some work done. There aren't too many food options so maybe don't go there hungry or expecting much variety, but the coffee does the trick.