$2 cold brew.. So much better than most coffee places around. Comparable to the cold brew at Federal Donuts and Elixir. 
The location is small but there is ample seating inside and outside.  I will need to come back and visit to their espresso drinks.I really like their chai blend and the fact that they use Trickling Springs milk. Milk quality can really elevate a café's foamed milk drinks! I also like that they have comparatively later hours than other nearby cafés. When it comes to sidewalk seating, I don't think there's a coffeeshop in the city that has them beat! However, I'm an espresso lover and their varieties are not my personal favorites so I stick with the chai. I actually saw the owner and a barista walking into a new tea and spice shop in the neighborhood so it was good to see they're keeping it local!Great tiny little coffee shop with terrific espresso and cappuccino. Third-wave hipster coffee yay :)Some of the best coffee, great atmosphere, locally roasted by the owners.Cute little place. We went here after having the coffee at Avenue Deli in Lansdowne and the coffee is fantastic. Chai latte is disappointing, not worth the $4. Still giving it 4 stars because the barista tried to fix it and their coffee is still worth it.Had been riding my bike past this place daily and when I saw it was finally open, I had to stop in. 
I'm glad I did, too.  The baristas were all friendly, and one in particular took his time explaining the various types of coffee, which I appreciated since all I know is that I like "good" coffee.  He was knowledgeable of the flavors in each coffee and his explanation led me to choose a Guatemalan blend that had nutty undertones.  
Seriously, one of the BEST cups of coffee I've ever had.  I'm tempted to go back and purchase the whole beans...and another cup or two.Read the reviews. Looked promising. My hotel didn't have coffee available until 7. This place said they were open at 6 am! I walked there - got there 6:15 on the dot to find them not open.  Maybe the hours should be updated on Yelp and google  -- and their front door posts none. Despite having to wander on to find a coffee place that was open -- it looks like a cute neighborhood coffee shop.I have had Greenstreet's roasted beans in the past and was excited to visit their coffee house.  I stayed true to myself and ordered their single origin coffee of the day.  The coffee I had was good, but I wish I would have paid attention when I was adding sugar.  I used Stevia instead of regular sugar by accident.  I'm not a Stevia fan at all. The sweetener gave my coffee a taste I don't like, but I could still tell that the coffee was good quality.  
Now the Chai Tea latte is a different story.  I was skeptical when the barista told us that the Chai was good, but I was sold when he told me it was homemade and was willing to tell me some of his Chai making secrets.  The Chai Tea is simply awesome!!  
I went here for the coffee and fell in love with their Chai Tea latte!
My five star rating is based on the best homemade Chai Tea latte I've had to date!The coffee is delicious and I will go back again. The place is small but it's the coffee that counts. The more you can then listen and learn about their coffees  I loved their brochures on how to make a good cup of coffee with either a French press or filter.Excellent staff and coffee. Was glad I stumbled across this on my walk exploring Philadelphia. I even bought a bag of beans to bring back to Chicago. I'd recommend the cold brew nitro, which is served in a belgian glass.. Pretty neat and tasty!Excellent coffee and super nice staff. I tried pour overs with different brand. They all taste unique and really good.The nitro cold brew from this place is amazing. I've had it from Starbucks and Brooklyn Roasting Company before but this was by far thee best I've ever had. The foam was thick and bubbles were rising. The coffee legit tasted so smooth, you would think it had cream. I suggest you drink it immediately because it did get weak and warm fairly quickly and loses its draw. 
$4 for a 16 oz cup of cold brew and tax is included! Might just go again in the morning before leaving PA.Cute little coffee shop on the corner of a street. they have some outdoor seating, more like 4 small tables. Gets full pretty quickly and people sit there a while, but they also have big windows that they open up so it feels like you are sitting outdoors even when you are inside the cafe. They have about 5 tables inside as well. They dont have too much food, just biscotti, but I will say their coffee and dirty chai are good. This place is small, clean and cute, and gets the job done. I recommend it!Coffee used to just be coffee.  Kinda like your dad's big plastic jug of Folgers.  Scoop, drink, and go.  But where our parents overlooked the art and intrigue in that dark cup of Joe, Green Street Roasters is ensuring we do not.  
They have a wide selection of single origins as well as some house blends and this stuff is amazing.   It's fresh, it's intriguing, it's affordable.  
Personally I love the selection of espressos they have on any given day.  If you have the time ask the baristas about them.  You'll be impressed and amazed.  
Highly recommended.I was looking for a good coffee place that has their own beans that wasn't La Colombe, and found Greenstreet Coffee Co. on Yelp so decided to venture over and check it out. I ordered an Americano and was pleasantly surprised when it came out to only $2.50. The space is fairly small, but they have a self-serve water station and some nice benches, chairs and tables to sit at. The staff was friendly and most the people in the shop seemed to be regulars or knew the people working there.
I really enjoyed my Americano- it tasted deep but not bitter and it kept me warm and fairly caffeinated so I will definitely be going back to try their cold brew and/or their dirty chai.I like coffee and I also like baristas. They can make you smile into your coffee cup through pleasant small talk or they can make you smile by silently making you a perfect drink. There were two baristas when I came in and since I wasn't sure what I wanted, I sat and people watched for a few minutes. In the short time I was sitting there, it became incredibly obvious that not only did one of the baristas think she was above being a barista (I mean, it goes with the territory at boutique coffee shops) but she was totally mean and sarcastic toward her coworker, who was clearly new. It was really awkward and stressful to witness and the guy I sat next to also noticed and we talked about how unprofessional the whole thing was. I mean, PEOPLE CAN HEAR YOU. She also was snarky to customers which can be funny and part of a coffee shop experience but she was mostly making people uncomfortable.
The cold brew was good but that wasn't the memorable part.A fantastic place to grab some high quality coffee in a far corner of center city.  The staff was very helpful when I asked for a brief overview on the current offerings of coffee that were available.  It was a cozy spot which a friendly & relaxed vibe.   Will be back to Greenstreet.I ran into greenstreet coffee on a Sunday of October 2017 around 1 pm . I wanted to get a warm coffee and sit outside to zone out. 
The cafe was pretty busy and seats weren't easy to come by but luckily I found seating outside and sat down to drink my hot americano and chocolate croissant. 
Their coffee is flavorful and staffs are very kind.This place is really great if you want to sit outside. It's a nice area and the baristas are very friendly. Small inside, but very cute. Plus really good coffee.I LOVE Greenstreet. 
Not only is the coffee amazing, but so is the staff. Seriously I could chat with some of those girls all day. One of them introduced me to a Dirty Chai Latte (I know, I'm a coffee newbie), and life changing. I've tried it in other coffee shops and this is by far the best.A tiny coffee shop that is very focused on the coffee. This equates to very few locally baked pastries in the morning, a couple of high priced chocolate bars, and maybe a banana bunch. That is all I saw. Tea? Nary a leaf in sight. 
Coffee? Yep. You can get it brewed normally, which is, actually, a surprise. Based on the coffee board, the equipment, and pamphlets, the place screams "no damn autodrip!!l"
You can get "chemex" and "aero press" versions of coffee along with your espressos and lattes. Interestingly, they do make chai and matcha, which seems too hippy for their snobbish vibe. No prices listed for the chemex or aero press....!!
By the way, this place is small. There are 7 small kidney bean shaped tables with smaller similar shaped stools (back hurts after an hour). They do offer wifi and outdoor seating however. The inside is bright thanks to being on a corner with widows on both sides.
I had the drip which is priced normally for independent shops it seems: $2 for a normal size which they call "medium" and $1 for refills. They do offer while beans for sale in various price points and types but I never had it so can't say what they are like. Overheard that they will grind them for you in house. 
It's a nice place, but not great for long study sessions unless you can sit outside in nicer chairs.The capuccino was excellent, the hot chocolate was too milky though. But 5 stars for the excellent coffee!!Friendly neighborhood cafe with all sorts of coffee and tea beverages. They also have coffee classes. The cafe is tiny with tiny tables and seats but that is part of the charm to this cafe. The people who work there were friendly and willing to help with any order. I used my CUPS app to order and had no trouble.I won't lie to you, when I saw that another hipster coffee shop had opened up, I thought, "Same old. Same old." 
Then I had a red eye (coffee + espresso) that changed my life. The Guatemala blend was smooth with delicate notes of chocolate and citrus. They just might edge out Ultimo as my favorite coffeeshop in the city! The baristas were friendly and efficient people who made me want to return. The place may be the size of a shoebox, but whenever I'm around, I'll definitely stop by.We have passed this shop many times while riding the bike lane on Spruce Street and finally stopped in to try their coffee. It was delicious! Perfectly foamed milk on my latte and a balanced Americano for my husband. 
It's a small place, but cozy. We will definitely go back.Good coffee with house roasted coffee bean. Resonable price. Better then ultimo in my opinion. Pour over is amazing; Kellenso from Sidamo Ethiopia is amazing.Best coffee in the area... My hotel didn't have espresso in the breakfast menu so I had to look for an alternative location where I could get it... Luckily enough, Greenstreet Coffee was just across the street. I got addicted to their coffee at first sip...Nice third wave coffee shop in Philly with friendly and helpful baristas. They have a great selection of pour over and take home beans at great prices. The only downside is they are quite small so I wouldn't expect to go here to hang out and work for a long time since seating is limited.I've loved every drink I've had from here (iced coffee, mocha, latte). They also have the best customer service. All of the baristas are incredibly friendly and helpful. The space is bit small but otherwise it's really a great spot.Greenstreet is a decent coffeeshop nearby Jefferson Hospital. It is not one of my top favorites, but it does offer a charm and simplicity that attracts me when there's very little people in the shop.
Pros:
-- Lots of windows for a brightly lit interior that beautifully illuminates the green walls, maroon panelled windows, wooden furnishings, and the red metal work along the countertop wall
-- Staff are very friendly and talkative with the locals who frequent the coffee shop
-- Know how to make a wonderfully delicious strong brew
-- They have outdoor seating when the weather is gorgeous
-- Cheap prices
Cons:
-- Tables are super small, so not the most preferred place to be if you are looking to do work and/or study with a laptop and books/notes
-- Since the staff are talkative with the frequent customers and it's a small place, it can get noisy if there are a number of conversations going onThis is my local coffee shop that saves my butt regularly at 6am during the week. Not only to they serve me delicious lattes but they make me feel at home by knowing my name and preferences accompanied by fun half-awake discussions!! XoxoGreat little spot for a quick sip and maybe get a little work done. It was busy without being too loud or crowded, and with the door and windows open a nice breeze came through. I love that they are dog friendly and there was a gorgeous spaniel snoozing in the corner. My matcha latte was bold and flavorful, but the biscotti is nothing special. Drop coffee is a much better deal than the fancier drinks here. The tables inside are not much bigger than a laptop, so bring that or a book, but not both. Baristas are very friendly. Will definitely be back!Amazing little neighborhood coffee store! I'm so lucky to have this place on my route to work! Their espresso is devine!I like coffee.
I like locally roasted coffee.
I like coffee shops.
I like coffee shops that are dedicated to their craft.
I like coffee shops with baristas that aren't too cool to talk to me.
I like Green Street Coffee for all these reasons.I don't know what it is about this little spot. Located right on the corner of 11th, nothing really sticks out about it from the outside. In fact, in a neighborhood swimming in coffee shops, this could easily be overlooked.
And yet, that's what works so well in its favor. It's not trendy, hipster, pretentious, or trying to hard at all. They play THE BEST pandora station, and there's good vibes all around. I live so close and could easily walk home to drink my coffee, but I like to relax before the way home. In winter this is much appreciated. 
I've only order drink, but today saw someone eating a snack. They have a couple of small sweet things to add to your coffee. Stop in, you'll be pleased.My favorite coffee place in philly! Gotta respect a place that offers 3 types of espresso.Happened to stumble across this place on my way home after dinner. Place is beautifully decorated, comfortable seating, and relaxing atmosphere. I had a cappuccino and it was delicious. Would definitely return and recommend!Great coffee!  Very small place.  Plays good music.  Has chess.  What more do you need?This place is a tiny little slice of coffee heaven! Loved the coffee even though the place is so tiny! However they were out of NITRO! What a bummer. Ill definitely be back to give it a try.Fun espresso and coffee spot with good music along the lines of progressive beats.  It's smaller on the inside but quaint with an industrial/minimalist decor and seating, but you can definitely enjoy some time with a friend inside or out no problem.  Outside seating is a little more intimate, however.
Multiple (5?) types of espresso are available, which is something I've seen only at a handful of other places (Plenty), and I really appreciate as a lover of espresso.
While writing this review a cold nose belonging to a cute pup greeted me - they're dog friendly inside the place!
Coffee is SMOOTH!  No harsh 'S*bucks' afterburn in my chest, just flavor with just enough bitter finish, but not gross.
Definitely more coffee/espresso than breakfast, which I absolutely appreciate - focus on the good stuff!Stellar, chill atmosphere, with big, bright windows and extremely friendly staff. Cold brew was delish, and the canine visitor made the visit top-notch! I'll be back!Prime location, prime coffee.
Baristas: I'm not sure how they do it, but although there are always customers in Greenstreet, I seem to get my drink so quickly right after I order. The baristas are so fast! Greenstreet is perfect for when I'm running a little late. The times that I weren't in a hurry, I chatted with the baristas, who are not only super speedy, but also super friendly. 
Coffee/drinks: I've had both the matcha latte and their cold brew iced coffee the 10 or so times I've been here, and they both are amazing. They don't add any extra sugar to the matcha latte, which is great because most places make it too sweet for my taste. There's cane syrup you can add to your own drink to the side, which is what I normally use. The cold brew is great; it's not bitter or burnt like Starbucks' and tastes really smooth.The first coffee shop I discovered when I moved here, and it has set the bar quite high!
Excellent, locally roasted coffee, A well trained, intelligent staff, and in such a sweet spot. 
A must visit for anyone that likes or loves coffee. Another shop that is not intimidating, and that makes a damn fine cup of joe!It's simple.  If you can appreciate fresh, locally roasted coffee...and enjoy super friendly baristas...Green Street is an obvious choice. They constantly produce a superior coffee experience.  If you happen to enjoy Chai...they have the best kept secret in Philadelphia! You need to drink here!I finally made it out to Greenstreet after reading all of the great reviews about this place. They have a great chai latte. It's creamy, not-overwhelmingly-sweet, and is great for the summer weather. I think it could stand to have a little bit more cardamom to really bring out the spices, but at the point - I'm digging into the details. It's a small coffee shop with large windows and sits on the corner of 11th and Spruce, which makes it a great place to work if you can snag a seat. There is limited seating, but most people here seem to grab coffee on the go. I usually go to coffee shops to work, and this place would be a good one to go to during off-hours, but most seats are filled by 5pm. Free wifi too!Best coffee shop in Philly. Friendly staff. The owners are very knowledgeable in their craft. Would love to see a shop like this in Omaha, Nebraska! ;)One of Philadelphia best coffee stops. It's located around the corner from most attractions. Kevin was our barista and was great. I would highly recommend this place to anyone new or in the area. A must!I've gotta say, out of the few cafes I've visited in Philly, this one has got to be my favorite(so far). This gem is a little corner shop in Gayborhood and I would say it's a must try, at least for the latte art! The barista is top notch with his skills. For every drink he puts the same effort and time to makes it the best looking and tasting it can be! I ordered the chai, and it was really enjoyable with the perfect spice for me, and the latte art made it more worth it!Cute and little neighborhood coffee spot. Me and u friend stopped by today for quick coffee and snack. Ordered cappuccino, ice green tea and biscotti. We were in very chatty mood so we sat outside. Small place was filled with patron who were working or studying there so felt bad to sit there and disturb them since it was tiny spot. 
Cappuccino was foamy and smelled awesome. I got ice green tea and they didn't charge for extra like other places. Biscotti was big enough also. One barista there made good coffee alone and very quite so it would be perfect study spot not for chatty date with girlfriends.This cute corner cafe is great for getting some work done while allowing for the distractions of periodic people watching.  Also, their iced coffee is excellent, albeit served in petite portions.  Significantly, their half-and-half is deliciously fresh, unlike the disappointing, slouching-towards-sourness creamer you sometimes get elsewhere, which then ruins a perfectly good cup of joe.  Here, great, locally roasted coffee and great creamer blend to make a delightful beverage.
The space is small (some might say cramped, others cozy), with a bench, individual seats, and metal-grate outdoor tables.  Staff seems to know what it's doing.Love this place. I pass about 4 coffee shops on my way each visit without a second glance. I'm a milk kind of girl, so I stay close to the latte, and the foam is so thick it lasts till I drain my cup. Quiet, peaceful, a bit cramped indoors but with outside seating under the trees, who needs to stay inside? Very kind baristas, not too cool to explain the nuances of the pour over or crack a joke every now and again.Deep coffee knowledge presented by a friendly guy with professional coffee making skills in a cosy little shop. Ten stars!The people who work here are super nice especially the owner. Coffee is good and so are the yummy pastries. Great place to stop by, have some coffee and sit outside. The inside is small but very nicely done and clean with a rustic-modern decor. They really did a great job.  Lucky to have this place in Philly!Great quality coffee. Small but cozy space, lots of outdoor seats on a great block. Especially nice in the summer. Only knock on this place is that i have felt as though the barista was annoyed when i ordered the more labor intensive pour over coffee instead of the already made drip coffee. That happened a few tines, every other time service was fantastic.Really unique coffee, but I've had a baristas be rude if you ask them too many questions. Other times they've been so helpful in finding the right drink for me. Very small spot, so if you can't sit outside, it might be a better to-go spot.I just arrived in Philadelphia yesterday afternoon and looked for a good place near my little vrbo house and Greenstreet popped up and was open early so I walked right on over and had a divine cappuccino.  They're as good as their overall rating and even better. I was the only one there, the barista was cool, atmosphere cozy and the drink just right.had one of the smoothest single origin espresso shots i've had in a long time on sunday morning...can't beat the 2 dollar ever changing varietal cold brew as well. i'll be back when i'm back down in the city.Attention to detail. Personable staff. Delicious full flavor beans and consequently impeccable pour overs, drips, and espresso drinks. Order a cold brew and hesitate the next time you order iced coffee anywhere else. Cortado here is perfect.Attention to detail. Personable staff. Delicious full flavor beans and consequently impeccable pour overs, drips, and espresso drinks. Order a cold brew and hesitate the next time you order iced coffee anywhere else. Cortado here is perfect.So I may not be the best person to judge coffee shops, because I don't drink coffee. So this review is based on their hot chocolate, chocolate croissant, and the atmosphere.
Hot chocolate - excellent. Start with dark chocolate powder, pour the frothing milk on top, and it just tastes great. On cold winter days, there's nothing I'd want more to start the day.
Chocolate croissant - really good. Their selection of pastries is a bit lacking, but I think they get them from the same provider as most of the better coffee shops in Philly. That being said, it had a ton of chocolate in it - which is what I was looking for.
Atmosphere - pretty solid. Nice decorations, it's a bit small so can feel kinda cramped when people are moving in and out.
But the pastry and beverage trump the atmosphere, which is why I give this place five stars.I may not be a coffee expert, but when my coffee specialists tell me Greenstreet coffee is the place to be, well, I gotta check it out. From a glance, this establishment hits all of the hipster checklist.
1. Fun wall decorations
2. Friendly baristas
3. Outdoor seating
4. Creative signs
5. Specialty coffee roasts
6. ?wireless
The prices are reasonable and the coffee will wake you up. There are seating options both inside and out and you'll definitely have to muscle your way if you want one of the coveted outdoor seating on a beautiful day for doing work or just plain old people watching.That is the best iced chai latte I have ever had wow I would come back just for that. Nice baristas. Great friendly atmosphere. My only regret is that I did not try this place soonerSuch an amazing place! I love it's vibes and chai latte/coffee art!! Definitely worth $4I stop at this cute,little, coffeehouse whenever I go to Walnut Street Theatre, as I have subscription. They are coffee gurus, really. They are very knowledgeable and even have the cupping poster in the bathroom. The baristas are nice and no matter who you get, you get a quality espresso drink. They have water - regular and fizzy if you want a glass to go with your espresso or coffee.
 It is a tiny space, so, don't plan on having your business meeting here. Summertime and they have outside seating which is nice.  Still inside only a handful of tables.
They sell their beans and have a few pastries. But to me, it is a coffeehouse. 
I always get Caffe Americano. They make it just right.I am only half-jokingly contemplating whether or not to move to the Washington Square West/ Gayborhood area just so I can live within steps of Green Street Coffee. I've had a difficult time finding good coffee shops in Philadelphia that are on par with the SoCal heavy hitters (Urth, Intelligentsia, Groundworks, Blue Bottle, etc.), but Green Street Coffee is PHENOMENAL!
I was brunching in the neighborhood and needed a post-brunch caffeine boost. Yelp suggested Green Street, which was only a block south of where I had been dining (MTJIC!).
The coffee shop sits at a cute and cozy corner; I asked the cashier if I could order an iced cappuccino (my favorite order) and he gladly accommodated. My drink was ready within 2 minutes and it was strong, crisp, and bursting with energetic espresso flavor. It was such a beautiful day and I plopped down for a few minutes at one of the outdoor tables to relax and Insta-photoshoot (obviously).
It's a 2 mile trek from University City to Green Street. It's a trek I will definitely make on a regular basis from now on!I was in Philly this week and while I love baseline Wawa coffee,  when I was in Center City, I started craving a local coffee shop that also roasted their own beans. Until I found this place,  all I kept finding was places serving La Columbe (which I can get anytime in NYC). This was a welcome change for this our of town coffee snob.Cute little cozy coffee shop we discovered on our way to Independence Hall. Seemed like everyone knew everyone there. Coffee was good. Seems like it's dog friendly too!Amazing coffee, and sweetest baristas. The outdoor seating area is very busy, but worth the wait.The pros:
1) The coffee here was great. It was a good balance of milky and that familiar coffee taste.
2) The decorations on the milk were beautiful.
3) The person at the counter was super nice, and it wasn't busy so we got our food very fast.
4) The bathroom was cool! They had one of those large sliding doors, and there was a fun tastes of coffee wheel with words to describe different tastes. 
However, a few things they could do to improve:
1) the chai latte was a bit disappointing since the reviews were so high. The flavor was mild and did not have much depth. It tasted like hot water and syrup.
2) the pastries were limited in variety and not warmed for you
3) everything was given as if to go, even though we ate there. There should have been plates and cups that are non-disposable.Super disappointed with Green Street. The shop itself is lovely and full of kind baristas. The Roaster however is a total jerk. I called the roaster directly, as per the recommendation of his baristas, as I wanted to buy some beans in bulk. He refused to let me ask my question in full and insisted on mansplaining to me about whole sale when I stated I just wanted to buy a few pounds of beans for personal use. I am deeply disappointed as I loved their Mexicat blend. However, as a Seattle girl, I'll happily go back to buying Caffe Vita from out West. I typically try to keep my money in Philly but in this case I'm sending it with pleasure to Seattle.Great hot chocolate and coffee! Highly recommended. Friendly service as well. 
I found this coupon via google. Download the free app Cups and enter the code "kqgrk" for free $5 to use, good at Greenstreet (the staff even helped me out with the Cups app since they were familiar with it!).Best coffee in Philly bar none.
Had a co-worker rave about this place and it was one of the few times in my life anything has been able to out-do a lot of hype. The coffee was amazing and the service was phenomenal. Def going back!The espresso I had was not very good... very bitter and too hot. But the coffee beans I bought.. WOW incredibly good! I bought half a pound of Sumatra.. Excellent! And the service very friendly and attentive.. If only the espresso was not so bitter.. maybe it was a bad day for the barista.Favorite brunch spot! If you visit Miami, you need to experience brunch at GreenStreet. Chocolate chip, banana pancakes, Nutella French toast are to die for! Great selection of one letter which I like you can sub toast for fresh cut tomatoes. It's a popular spot, get there early if you don't want to wait !Yeah.. Go.. Go now. Ask for the pour over menu and order something that'll send your coffee brain into la-la land.The best in the city! This is a real local neighbor hood gem, owned by two local Philly boys. The coffee they offer is awesome and roasted by themselves at their green street roasting (go here on a Friday afternoon for a taste and tour) 
The place is a little small, but that's not their fault and there is outside seating. The decor is very nice and clearly consciously chosen. 
Basically go here, over any of the others.This is such a tiny, cute neighborhood spot. I'm not much of a coffee drinker and can rarely tell the difference between a $5 cup of joe vs a $1.50 one, so all I can tell you that the cup I had kept me perky.
On any given day, if it's busy, you'll be in line trying to squeeze yourself in with a guy and his golden retriever, a nanny and her baby in a stroller, a businessman and a girl in yoga pants. I'm none of those.
Outside, in pleasant weather, there is limited seating. So nice for sitting there and people watching and feeling like you're living a hipster life.I really hope this coffee shop thrives. The iced coffee is the best I've had in Philadelphia ... And this city has a lot of good coffee shops.
It is quite small but offers beautiful views of Spruce St and 11th st from its window benches and seats. The menu is simple and the baristas are friendly and easygoing. You won't feel like you're in a frenetic Starbucks like environment here. 
Be sure to bring cash :-)I'm new to Philly and I've been venturing all over center city to find the perfect coffee shop, and greenstreet coffee is one of the top ones thus far! The service was awesome- everyone was all smiles with a very hipster vibe to it. There was a constant stream of people coming in, which I guess is a good sign for an area surrounded by similar cafes. 
I got a mocha, and it was delicious! Really nothing to complain about for it. They also accept CUPS! 
The one downside is that seating is quite limited and the tables are really small. Other than that the place is great! I definitely would return again.Beautiful little corner joint with excellent, excellent coffee. Dave is the best barista in town. Latte art is lovely and the decor is on point. Will keep coming back again and again.