Delish! Came in for breakfast on a Sunday, and got lucky with no wait. Western omelette special was awesome. The reviews are right--the tots are great!Greg's is a nice local spot which made me feel like I was walking in to my local spot in California. Friendly staff and a nice selection of dishes we went for the omelette with taters and toast. 
Egg white omelette was fluffy and full of spinach, mushroom, onions and bacon. It was a very good portion as were the tots.
The tots were my favorite part of the meal. Super crispy and wonderfully brown outside shell with a tender and not greasy inside. It is like the Lay's potato chip slogan "bet ya can't eat just one" and you cannot. Just great!
I had a side of the hash which was a little disappointing as it was just mashed up taters and some chunks of corned beef cubes.  I would skip this one in the future as it's really redundant considering you get any meat you want and tots with your breakfast.  I did like the Cholula Hot Sauce provide as well as Sriracha and Tabasco.
The multi-grain toast was very good and hearty and toasted perfectly. 
I will definitely come back next time I am in Manayunk PA.
4 starsIf tots were considered a real meal, I'd eat a Greg's every day. Greg's is the perfect spot for a no fuss, good old delicious breakfast that you could probably make at home, but tastes so much better because you didn't have to. The waitstaff is nice, there's a good amount of seating, and the food is sure to fill you up!Food is awesome, but the service can be a little awkward. 
We've gone about 4-5 times now and I'd have to say that Brekky in a cup is a solid choice. I want to give 4 or 5 stars, but things could definitely run smoother in there. I want to almost just grab things myself if I could. There's nothing worse than seeing the coffee pot that's so close to you and you want a refill...or the first cup. I'd let it slide, but there's always been a hiccup of some sort when we're there. 
Food keeps me coming back. I would certainly bump this up to 4 or 5 if the service/ flow of things improved.We were looking for breakfast food at noon on a Friday and locals said the greg's wasn't just our bet bet, but pretty much the only option in town. I ordered off menu (note if you ask nicely they'll prepare your eggs any way you want them! I got the Greek brekky with poached eggs and man was it a delight!) their specials are clearly the showcase. Everything sounds delicious, is served hot and fresh with huge portions! Also they have soy milk for those of us with lactose issues. 
Opens at 8, closes at 3, best breakfasts I've seen in manyunk and served all day!This is best for parties of 2! Super cute place with great food and great staff!!! The tater tots are excellent and the brekky bowl is excellent. They have great specials (which I didn't try this time) and the atmosphere is nice. Really great value for what you get! Everything is priced between $5-8. You can't beat it!!Excellent! Finally, a good and reasonably priced breakfast spot on Main St! $20 for two is always a win in my books. 
I went with the special, Strawberry Chocolate Chip Pancakes, with a side of bacon. Mmmmm. 
My fiancé tried the pork roll, egg and cheese on an English Muffin, also delicious
. Staff was very friendly and speedy with their service. It appears they also do take out. 
Go try Greg's !This is a great little spot in Manayunk for breakfast/brunch. The food is always fresh, high quality and incredibly delicious for a very reasonable price. And...they have TOTS! I love me some home fries but tots will win out every time. Everyone there is very nice; I haven't had a bad experience yet! The only downfall is it's a tiny place, so expect a bit of a wait to be seated.I haven't tried my food yet u arrived at 9:08 it's 9:45 am and im leaving. After being told to sit where ever there is a menu, I looked around the was barely anyone at the place, I assumed it would be a quick in an out. So our waitress (didn't introduce herself idk her name, there may be really nice servers there don't wanna bash them, she was my server and she is the one who was extremely rude to me, thin white girl with tattoos on one arm) says what would you like to drink. I told her we are on a time crunch we were ready to order she says I'll take your drink order first then come back  ok. Anyway she comes back with our drinks after about 5 minutes which is cool then we order after about half hour we ask for the food to be boxed and we would just take it to go, this is when her attitude, which already sucked changed for the worst. I've NEVER had a trashier waitress in my life she throws syrup in the bag when I ask her for an extra, she had given me one half filled container initially and the pancakes are fairly large, so I asked her if she is having a bad day, I mean everyone is entitled to that, she says no im fine. I say well you're certainly not acting fine she refused to make eye contact with me when speaking I paid for my food and said I hope you have a better day. Idc how great the food is im writing this while driving home fuck that place!!! I will never go back the vibe was awful she's literally the worst server/ human being I've encountered in a while. I was looking for a place closer to home to replace Sabrina's cafe. I'll stick to Sabrina's where they have class and business about themselves. Truly horrific experience this am. Way to start a Friday!Great place, Great food, I hope it is around for a long time in manayunk.The food is so great! I love their corned beef hash; I'm almost positive it's homemade. Their tots are so great and crispy. My boyfriend goes there just for the smokey Sammie, he craves it almost everyday! 
The restaurant is very small so sometimes there's a little bit of a wait. The service is also a little slow; but it is well worth the wait! So delicious !Great little breakfast place! Food was made exactly as requested. We had simple breakfast.. myself, eggs bacon tots toast.. hubby, eggs and meat on a bagel. The food was good.. but the star was definitely the tater tots.. I'm not usually a fan of them, but decided to try after seeing them on EVERY other plate in there.. they had a slight crispiness with a taste of garlic and onion flavor. 
Small and personal space. Our waitress was an absolute sweetheart, and was very attentive. Prices ok, but could offer more options for specials.
Would definitely come back again when in the area!Greg's never disappoints. Check it out. Courteous waitstaff -- my girlfriend had to request a new sandwich due to an allergy and they were exceedingly nice about it. Great food, cozy atmosphere. Highly recommend.Always great specials (lemon ricotta pancakes are my favorite) and the challah French toast is great. I've never eaten anything from the lunch menu but everything I've had was delicious. I've been there a few times during the week and we got to talk to the owner, Greg. He's really nice and the service from everyone else is great.Great breakfast place. And very accommodating to special requests. The egg sandwich is great value in my opinion too. My husband had the Rueben and I watched the cook hand cut the corn beef... Nothing pre packaged.Super friendly Service as usual. Good food and good price but pancake needs to be improved. It's not thick And fluffy. More like sponge. Either dough has too much water or less flour...
I always come back here.Good coffee - great pancakes!  Cute and friendly! The only down side is the kitchen is tiny so sometimes it can take a while to get your food. But its always good food!Its affordable but its nothing special. I got the chocolate chip pancakes and ive also gotten the french toast special with an egg in it. If you want something cheaper and decent this is the place. I thought the food was OK.. not somewhere i would bring my friends from out of town.This place is solid. Exactly what every town needs! Easy delicious breakfast that isn't an all day process. Brekky in a cup is an awesome idea.  Only thing these guys are missing is delivery ; ) hopefully manayunk keeps popping up places like this.Dined at Greg's for the first time last Friday. Saw the reviews on yelp and gave it a try. To be honest, I didn't even know this place was here! So glad we tried it. The service was amazing and the food was even better. So fresh and delicious. We all had the pancakes, an omelette, the steel cut oats and the challah french toast. Recommend them all! I am happy to have found a new breakfast place that is reasonably price and has great food in the Manayunk/Rox area.We came on a Wednesday morning around 10:30 and even though the place is very small we got to pick where we wanted to sit. Service was friendly and fast and the food was the highlight. Tater tots are a must they are perfect. We over ordered, French toast, specialty omelette and corn beef hash. All were delicious. Not overly salty or sweet. This hidden gem is a must try if you're in the area and have to time.Had brunch here and got the special omelet and pumpkin pancakes. Everything tastes so good. Only problem here was the service was not great... It was brunch and my coffee cup was empty for 20 minutes before I could get a refill.We had been once before, so I like being able to have multiple visits before a review. It's a small, diner style restaurant with a limited menu. We've always enjoyed our meals, though.
     I went with a western omelette with cheese, tater tots, and toast. My wife had a special breakfast bowl; tater tots topped with scrambled eggs, cheese, salsa, black beans, and sour cream. Because it's a small place the food can take a little longer, but it comes out fresh and hot. What I like about the omelette is they cook/brown the ham, peppers, and onions a little first and they're incorporated into the eggs, not just put on top and then folded over.Greg's Kitchen is a great little breakfast spot in Manayunk. The prices are cheap and the food is consistently good. Many of the egg dishes come with tater tots and they are delicious. I had the brekky in a cup and it was pretty good, the eggs were a little over cooked but I would order it again.The food is amazing. I would give this place a 5 if it weren't for the poor service. I have been here on five different occasions and the servers are always extremely rude and impatient. Makes the experience not worth it. Don't think I'll be back.Cute new place on Main Street in manayunk. The breakfast was delicious (I had blueberry pancakes). Can't wait to try it for lunch.I almost don't want to write a review because if Gregs gets too popular then their won't be any table available and that is the only bad thing about this place. It is hands down the best place to get breakfast in manayunk. I'm not sure what sort of devil sorcery Greg invokes to make perfect tater tots every time but his special brand of voodoo is certainly welcome to me. I've never had a meal that was less than absolutely perfect. As if that wasn't enough, the staff is the friendliest and most attentive I've experienced in any restaurant.I absolutely LOVE this place.  Located on the Green Lane end of Main Street, its a cute little restaurant that serves great breakfast and lunch.  The portions are large and the prices are right.  Everyone is super friendly.  The tater tots are my favorite.  And its great to finally have a breakfast (not brunch) option in Manayunk.What a cute little place! Was very glad that I found Greg's kitchen. Simple place with a creative menu. My custom brekky was delicious and can't wait to try more items on the menu.Greg's Kitchen = Best Sandwiches in Manayunk! Everything I have tried just makes me want to keep coming back. This place is a GEM. Price point is perfect and the environment is very welcoming. The small staff of 2, sometimes 3, are awesome!  Hopefully I can make it in for Breakfast sometime soon.My boyfriend and I were looking for a new place to try for brunch and found Greg's here on yelp. Got there about 11:45 on a Saturday and were greeted by friendly staff. We ordered an omelet and the Elvis french toast (pb&j, banana and bacon). It took about 45 minutes to get our food! There were only four tickets ahead of us. When we finally got our food it was decent. The omelets came with tater tots, and you'd think with all the time it took to make the food the tater tots would at least be homemade. They weren't. The French toast wasn't bad. Overall we decided that if we were to go back we would call our order in an hour in advance.Well that was super. We ordered two breakfast sandwiches (with *perfectly* cooked eggs), a great corned beef special, and delicious burger. We also got the oatmeal with berries for the kid and he loved it. The tots are quite literally the best tots I've ever eaten. The egg sandwich I ordered was blissful and more than plenty, as it had an entire egg per side. So great. Go and enjoy!So far everything has been delicious. My new favorite breakfast place for sure. I just had something called the Brekky and it was awesome!Delicious!! Loved it, small great place for breakfast!  Nothing fancy but very good!!Excellent breakfast spot, a little bit of a hole in the wall with friendly service (although a little slow to get food out so not a quick stop) and delicious   fresh breakfast options .  I had the challah French toast and a ( big) side of bacon and hubby had a brekky bowl which was scrambled eggs , cheese and meat of choice over really good homemade tater tots!! Reasonable prices too.I hated it. Tried it twice and was equally disappointed both times. First time for a breakfast sandwich. Second time I got tots and bacon with a water. My bill was $10 for tots that tasted like grease and bacon that was greasy and undercooked. Additionally it took 22 minutes to get my to go order. Very disappointed.We loved it here. Outside of Winnie's leBus ( which I hate). Breakfast is hard to come by in Manayunk.  It's really cozy inside and very clean. Bathroom you could seriously eat in it.  My daughter had the chocolate chip pancakes, which she loved.  I had the breakfast sandwich which  was great. My husband had the Brekky bowl and LOVED it.  Greg the owner went out of his way to be sweet to my daughter.  Nice guy!!  You have to go try this place.If there is a place for you to try in Philadelphia it has to be Greg's Kitchen. This place is next door to were my girl friend cuts hair and after her cut and style we ventured in to Greg's - The food was simple wonderful, servings are perfect, the service is amazing and the price is perfect. If you have time and want to try something great go to Greg's - Try it for 2014A must go! The entire staff is incredibly friendly and the brekky bowls are quite similar to what I would call H e a v e n. Seriously! Tastiest breakfast spot. I got the Beefy Brekky and it was a melting of delicious flavors within each bite. Layers of tator tots, sautéed mushrooms and onions, cheese, and eggs all under a heaping amount of slow cooked meat. Thank you to the Greg for this delish creation (that I went back for a second time on my quick trip to Philly)Went in this past Sunday for the first time! Lucked out cause it was super cold out and nobody wanted to leave their house so we didn't have to wait and got seated right away! Breakfast was just ok! Loved the coffee!!Just a quick check in to my past review..We have been back to Greg's Kitchen many times, It just seems to get better and better! It's just great to have a place relatively nearby where you can get a really good, hand crafted meal, served with a smile and a great cup of coffee too! Though there may sometimes be a wait to get in, it's usually not long and always worth the wait for food cooked on a grill versus some cardboard tasting junk from a steam table! I personally am addicted to the Brekky Bowls and the tater tots..funny, as a kid the tots never thrilled me. I guess Greg's is actually better than Mom's cooking! My 19 Y.O. son is the biggest food critic in our family. Greg's is his absolute favorite place to go!Absolutely loved my first experience at Greg's the service was outstanding and the food was delicious! The chocolate chip pancakes were amazing! Our waitress (I didn't catch her name) with long brown hair was delightful and very on top of it. I would definitely dine there again!One of my favorite things about living in Philadelphia is the breakfast. I don't care about lunch. Dinner is whatever. But give me good breakfast and I'm happy. 
Gregs delivers! I've lived in this neighborhood for a couple of years and I can count on both hands the number of weekends I HAVENT come in for breakfast. It's delicious. It's cheap. The servers are fantastic, Greg is super super nice. The coffee is delicious and always hot. 
I try to eat healthy, but I have a weak spot for their challah French toast (best in the city, easily). Their brekkys are wickedly popular, and the specials are always seasonal and fresh. 
The only complaint I have is more of a tip - it's small, so go early to avoid the wait. But if you're in manayunk for breakfast, don't bother with the ones down the street. Rhymes with Minnie's can't hold a candle to these guys ;)Greasy spoons hit the sweet spot when you need them most, and Greg's Kitchen does that in spades.  Trouble is it's not just the spoon that is greasy...and you will be as well when you leave.  It just smells and feels a bit sticky, which is a shame because the food is good.  Solid. Affordable.  Good portions.  Nice and fresh, and made in front of you if you sit the counter.  (You'll be extra smelly if you do that though).  You won't find anything amazing or weird or unique here, but it's standards done right.  
You can always shower when you get back home.Super friendly staff and delicious food!! The wait times are worth it. We got the brekky and western omlet and will definitely be back!Excellent! Went here for brunch with my girlfriend. Smaller than expected but seated right away by a very nice waitress. My girlfriend got a basic bagel breakfast sandwich which she was happy with and I got the "Smoked Sammy". It was fantastic. Egg, smoked sausage and cheese on a brioche bun with sriracha. I could have eaten three of them. Side of tots was a nice addition. Overall very nice service and great breakfast sandwiches. We will be back!My husband and I love the food at Greg's kitchen; it's simple, cheap, and fresh. However, after many visits both alone and with a family, it has become clear they just don't want children there. Whenever we try to bring our children, the waitress gets worked up and tries to tell us they don't have room for us, or we can't sit at certain tables. (For example, one visit we were told my 3-year old couldn't sit on my lap, and the next time he was not allowed to sit next to me on the window bench.) Yes, it's a small place, and it's made worse since they often use a table or two for food prep instead of sitting customers. After the third time we were told to wait while the open tables were given to other adult groups, we stopped patronizing Greg's.I've been here several times with my 2 year-old, and other family members. We have never been disappointed. Upon entering, you are always greeted warmly by both the waitstaff, and the owner, himself. If you ask me, an owner who is always present, and interacts with his costumers, is a sign of real quality.
Everything is delicious!  Their weekly specials are always great, and we love the witty titles/description of the special items. Things we've enjoyed include the breakfast sandwiches, omelettes, strawberry pound cake French toast (every restaurant should serve this), pancakes and, of course, tots. 
The prices are extremely reasonable, especially on a street with many restaurants offering mediocre food at inflated prices. There is nothing mediocre about Greg's. This is exactly what Manayunk needs.We were going to go to Sabrina's but decided to try Greg's Kitchen. They were at capacity so we had to wait in the cold a little while, but it was inevitably worth it. My husband is picky about breakfast and seemed to really enjoy his pumpkin pancakes. I quite liked the brekky in a cup, and liked that it was sort of like a breakfast bowl, but the tater tots underneath were a nice twist. I would definitely come back, but probably order fewer side items because they did begin to add up.The place is nice, food was delicious but service was slow, it took about 25 minutes to get seated and another 40 minutes for the food to come out. Our waitress took our order never checked back with us until our food came out and then disappeared again. By the end we finished our breakfast with barely anything left to drink. Food was great but be prepared to wait!The space is small and hot. The servers are rude to me whether it's call over the phone or in the store picking up. 
Someone brought me their pancakes before and they are very good. I went back a few weeks later for another order of pancakes. 
I was told an hour wait over the phone for my short stack of pancakes, I said ok. I arrived about 10 mins early and the workers seemed to be scrambling and a lady told me "oh you're early." I said I know I just want to pay now. 
THEN she asked me if I can wait outside (there isn't enough room to stand in there). Overall I didn't feel welcomed and the staff wasn't friendly, from cook to server. 
Called over the phone a weeks after that (today) for pancakes. I asked what the total was and got told "I don't know, I'm not in front of the register." Girl what?? I respond with "ok I'd like the total" so she proceeds to give it to me 30 seconds later ($14). 
Was told a 20 min wait i say "ok thanks!" She hangs up in my ear. 
I don't think I'll give them my business again until they improve their customer service and get a larger space. 2.5 stars because the pancakes are very good.It's literally impossible for me to turn down brunch, so I'm always trying new places!
I went to Greg's early on a Sunday morning, it is a very small place and we were lucky to be seated rift away. It may have been busier because it was 4th of July weekend, but it was pretty cramped.
My boyfriend and I ordered a safe breakfast sandwich: egg and sausage on rye, which was delicious. And a daring option: the Beany Weinie Brekky, which was surprisingly good! 
Overall good service, appropriate prices, and very decent food!This place is awesome!  The food was great and filling! It was just enough! We found this place on the fly while visiting from Boston!  I'm so happy that we did!  I'll definitely come back! The service was great as well!  Nice quaint spot to have breakfast or brunch if you're with a small party or group.Not what we were expecting. First, there was a wait of about 15 minutes however, it was more like 30 and unfortunately you are not allowed to wait inside. Despite the rain, my family of 4 went to go sit at a nearby Starbucks to wait for a text. However, once it got to be around 20 minutes we made our way over. They again asked us to wait "just a couple more minutes", so imagine us 4 now huddled under the canopy of the next door comic book store waiting. No one ever came out nor text received, we happened to get too cold to wait anymore and peeked into the Resturant to see a table open and walked in. 
So we finally get to sit, only to have to wait another 40 minutes for some eggs and tater tots. I wouldn't have minded except they brought out our food 2 meals at a time. About 15 minutes apart from each other. The food was mediocre at best and the service was average. Not a place I would round the family up again for, not worth the wait. Not family friendly to say the least and food was like an average dinner.Excellent brunch place on Main Street. This is my favorite in Manayunk, and today's meatloaf special reconfirmed it's pole position. I highly recommend checking it out!The place is pretty decent. We had the eggs and steak option which was the good part of the meal. The French toast with Nutella was okay, not the best.I can't say enough nice stuff about Greg and his Kitchen. It almost feels like a second home, I always feel welcome and appreciated there, the food is amazing, and the staff is the nicest you'll ever meet! The specials change weekly and are always delicious. Put their food in your mouth! Ps. Meg is probably the best waitress ever to wait. On people. Bring them food. You know what I'm saying. Words.I traveled from San Diego to Philly last weekend for a wedding.  A friend insisted that we go to Greg's for breakfast.  WOW!  My friend and I shared the Challah French Toast topped with fresh fruit, an omelet, tots and the best corned beef hash I have ever tasted.
All the food was made to order as if in your mom's kitchen, delicious, the best breakfast I've had in years. We could use a breakfast place like Greg's Kitchen  in north San  Diego County!  
There are so many items on the menu that I want to try. I will definitely go back the next time I am in Philly.DO NOT make the mistake of walking by this little Manayunk gem. Located right on Main Street, by Kildares and the Post Office, Greg's Kitchen is a small, cozy cafe that serves some of the best food I've had in Manayunk. The menu is simple, serving breakfast and lunch only, but they have fantastic rotating specials. I've lived in Manayunk for three years, and this is the best value you can get when you weigh price with quality, freshness and amount of food. I recently for a Turkey Special for lunch, and it was piled high with the freshest turkey and crunchy coleslaw on delicious rye bread. I can't say enough great things about this place. The customer service is personal and friendly. Free wi-fi is available, so during slower hours this is somewhere you can bring your laptop and get some work done while you eat.Great food-had omelettes and really enjoyed the tots this morning. There were only 2 other tables, yet it took a while to get our food. I would like to come back but if it's that slow on a Thursday at 10, I don't think I would even try a weekend day. Food was worth the wait though! Thanks Greg!Solid breakfast food with a cozy atmosphere.
We had an omelette as well as the special brekky.  The brekky is a great concept, yet for this special the take on a cheesesteak could have been a bit more successfully executed.  Simply a little more ribeye and it would have been right on the money.
All in all we'll be back as it is a nice breakfast spot.Stopped in for the first time today to grab breakfast to go. The woman at the register immediately had a sarcastic tone with us and rolled her eyes. After we ordered, we stepped aside to wait, then she asked us to please go wait outside in the cold instead. Who does that? Probably won't return.Came to Gregs Kitchen when visiting the Manayunk area. Very friendly staff and good home cooked food. The omelet was flavorful and the tots were delicious! Definitely coming back next time I am in town :)Gregs Kitchen is a dream come true. I had the pumpkin pancakes and I don't understand how something could be so DELICIOUS. It is a cute, little brunch spot with excellent service and cheerful servers! Don't doubt your choice, just go there now!!Food is decent for breakfast but nothing fancy. Service is terrible. The restaurant isn't that big and we waited at least an hour before we got our food. The waitress didn't even apologize for the wait. Won't be back.Food was great and the price was right.  Sure it took a little while for my food to come out but if you're in a rush on a Saturday you're doing life wrong anyway.One of my favorite breakfast spots! Delicious food at an affordable price. The only issue is the wait time, but it's worth it for the quality of food and service you get there.Had a great experience this morning at Greg's Kitchen. Went for 11am brunch on a Sunday morning-we were a little worried about the wait but it ended up being much quicker than anticiapated to get a seat. The restaurant is small, not a lot of tables (read:no big parties!) But the spacing is comfortable. The menu is small, but covers the basics of what you want when you don't feel like cooking breakfast. Lots of people coming in for take out orders so that seemed to slow down the kitchen. Our order took longer than expected to come out, but wait staff did come to check on with us so we didn't feel forgotten. The food was delicious, not oversized or overpriced. Overall a great experience. Outside of their control-Manayunk parking is wretched.This is such a great, quaint little spot. The food is always very high quality, the staff is always superbly friendly, and the music playing seems to usually be classic indie.  It is a tad bit cramped in there, but they make it work. If I had to make a complaint, I wish they would expand their menu a tad, BUT they have a rotating list of specials (and whoever writes them up tends to have a nice, wry sense of humor). Oh, and their coffee is amazing. Best place for breakfast in the area.Hands down the best breakfast/brunch spot in manayunk, great food, great value. 
I'd recommend coming with just one other person on weekends. They tend to be busy on weekends and the dining area is tiny so you will end up waiting a lot longer with a group of 3+.
Overall, excellent brunch spot!I loved Greg's from the moment I walked in the door. This is like the little place from the burbs that managed to get in on Main St. 
There is nothing fancy about the design which is part of the charm of this restaurant. There's only about 8 tables and a couple seats at the window.
The food is pretty good. Not amazing but good. I'm pretty much happy just because they have tots. The breakfast sandwiches are also pretty good. They use Trader Joe's coffee which I like at home but I wish they had something a little better. Volo is just down the street and they provide coffee to several establishments in the area. (Awesome coffee)
I like Greg's and I have brought friends here several times. I will definitely be back, but beware of brunch. This place is small and you might have to wait.Omg! The Beef Bricky is to die for!!!!!  I have no complaints about it! Every morsel, every ingredient  perfectly blended to create a satisfying, filling meal! Outside of the food, the ambience and wait staff was awesome. This was my first time dining here and I assure u it won't be the last!The food was pretty good. But, we got French toast and it took them over an hour to make it. I'm not sure about you but I can make French toast at home in about 10 minutes. The waitresses didn't acknowledge the extensive wait time or apologize.  We wanted breakfast and ended up getting lunch. Im not going back.Greg's Kitchen is an amazing brunch place! I visited on a Sunday. We put our names in around noon and it was about a 30 minute wait. This place is pretty cheap, but the food is so delicious. I tried the Smokey Sammy, which was amazing, but the tater tots were even better!Food was great!  3 stars though?  Why?
Read on...
First thing I walked in to see was a lady sitting at a regular customer table cutting up fruit.  No gloves on.  This is a health code citation waiting to happen.  The air is there but sweating through a meal is not pleasant.  
The food was really good, the prices are great for what you get.  Both specials we got for under $9 is a testament to a great meal at a great price.  
However, I certainly wasn't eating that fruit.
This place can do better but being cramped and not following basic sanitary procedure won't get them thereIf you don't like Greg's there is something wrong with you. My now fiancé and I met while I was still in college and he had an apartment Manayunk. We are major foodies. Every weekend we would find an excuse to walk down to Greg's for the best breakfast! So laid back and awesome food. We now live in the suburbs and are soon to be married. Greg's Kitchen is the place that brings back so many food memories from the beginning of our relationship. We love Greg's and we are actually making the hour trip just to go today :) if you haven't been, you need to go. Also, go with someone you like. That usually helps. Our favorites are the brekkys, any of the pancakes or French toast, tots, corned beef hash anddd their coffee!I've had this place bookmarked since I've moved to the area. Weekends are impossible to get a seat in, unless you're very very very patient. I always call ahead to see how busy the place is before making the trip there. Like many other reviews said, this place is tiny so if you have to wait you're gonna have to wait outside. That doesn't matter so much when the weather is nice but if you're hungry and its 25 degrees not the most ideal situation.
My hopes were set really high for this place and sadly it was not met. The food itself was very ordinary and sadly reminded me of fast food. You can custom make salad sandwiches which is pretty cool. I ordered the smokey Sammy based off of the raving Yelp reviews (not on the menu, but they always serve it so if you wanna try it just order it!) Granted everything tasted good but I expected more. Unlike some of the other reviewers I think the staff were very friendly and not rude at all. I was hoping to have this place become one of my go to brunch places so I'm willing to give it another shot!Seriously, my favorite breakfast place of all time. Love coming here on weekend mornings and getting breakfast with friends (and sometimes lunch to go after breakfast). Never had anything I didn't LOVE and I've tried basically everything on the menu. Highly recommend to everyone! It's definitely worth the wait for this amazing, affordable, and yummy breakfastTasty food, cool staff & perfectly small digs. Not the biggest place but main st wasn't built for size. Wait staff was bubbly without being irritating and the food...guuuud. So tater tots come with everything and while I thought it wouldn't be great the crisp & seasoned exterior make for gr8 company for a breakfast plate. Check out their special menu, you won't be disappointed. Had the banana Nutella French toast & was blown away. The size may be problematic when it comes to big groups but definitely a must if you frequent the area.I like this place. It's very comfortable, clean, friendly, and quiet. The food is good too. I've only had breakfast, but everything was done the way I ordered it. The service was fast too. I've seen a few not-so-hot reviews, but it seems they were because of slow weekend service. C'mon folks, give Greg a break. You expect FAST on a weekend in Manayunk? This little place is a find. There aren't many small breakfast places left that are good. Greg (Owner) and Courtney (Waitress) are both young and full of energy. They are hard workers and try to make you happy - and they succeed. Yesterday was their First Year Anniversary and they gave us a 10% discount. Next time I'll try to remember if they give a 10% senior discount. If not, so what? I'll be back anyway.