My first two-star review. :-(
I would give grocery 2.5 stars if i could.  i want to love it.  i walk by it on my way home and, in theory, it would be perfect for those nights that i don't want to cook  -- like tonight.
but the staff is surly.  icy, even.  i walked over to the case tonight and the employee didn't say "hello" or "let me know if i can help you with something".  no, he folded his arms across his chest and turned the other way.
that's ok.  nothing caught my eye anyway.  i've tried the grilled salmon before, and it was fine.  one thing that bothers me is their weight minimum.  like, for some items, you cannot just order the amount of veggies you want, you have to order a minimum weight.  that's annoying.
so, i walked over to the sandwich case.  the only one i ever get is the tomato, mozz, and pesto.  not the greatest, but it suits me in a pinch.
the oatmeal in the morning (with a 'fixins' bar) is a nice way to start the day.  i've never tried the salad bar -- maybe if i worked closer i would.  
surly staff, expensive, take it or leave it food, $10 minimum to use credit card -- they are lucky they do not have a lot of competition in the area.
**edited to add: after reading Anne L.'s review, i was reminded of the great margarita mixers sold at grocery.  the same ones they serve at lolita, but these are frozen solid and cost $10.  Delicious.  i brought one to a dinner party once and it was enjoyed by all.  just make sure you allow enough time to defrost.  seriously, the mixers are solid as a rock.The prepared foods are delicious. I have a very difficult time not taking a little bit of everything from the salad bar in the middle. I've heard the oatmeal bar is amazing but have yet to check it out. 
Reason for the three stars... I've been there maybe 4-5 times and have never encountered a friendly staff person. It seems like they all need a hug. I don't get it. And it's pretty expensive.I am not entirely sure the quality is worth the price.  I'm not a yuppie with money to burn on food not worth its money though.  If I was this would probably get 4 or 5 stars.i stopped in on my way to soccer last night for a coffee.... i just stumbled in because i happened to be walking past there, and i was somewhat surprised with myself that i had never been inside before.  
grocery is like a fancy bodega / take away spot.  you can get staples, but they will be fabulous versions of things you eat every day.  you can get take away, but it will be custom dishes from the 13th street high end foodie havens.  you can get salad bar, but it will be filled with the fanciest salad items ever.  and you can get coffee and beverages and chocolate and chips and whatever other minor indulgence you could want quickly and easily.  (ps they serve la columbe, obvs)  
they had a ton of vegan tofu / mustard sammies on the shelf last night that looked delish, but also sad and lonely bc no one was buying them.  while they didn't have a lot of vegan selections at the hot food bar, i'm guessing it's because of a lack of demand. (judging from the insane amt of uneaten tofu sammies) 
they also had a great selection of fair trade and vegan chocolates - i was very impressed with that. 
but i will def come back and stock up on fancy chocolate, tofu sandwiches, and all the cute little snack things they had!Great place to grab a quick lunch to go while at work.  A coworker took me here on a busy day when we needed to grab lunch and hurry back to our cubicles. 
I tried the Lolita to go hot bar.  I tried to sample a little bit of everything.  The fried plantains really hit the spot.  They also had a nice beef dish with a tomato and chile based sauce.  The to go bar also has fresh cheese, sour cream, pico and green chiles.  All for 7.99 per pound, which I thought was very reasonable for the quality and freshness of the meal.  Mine rang in at a little less than a pound which was a perfect portion for me.
This place also has fresh made sandwiches and soups as well as a salad bar.  I didn't get to try any of this which means I'll be going back more than once.Lots of fresh and healthy food options do grab a quick and easy lunch. Love the salad bar! You can fill up a plate full of fresh vegetables, quinoa salads, curry salads, and more. Very tasty, well seasoned options. The one thing I don't get, they have no unsweetened iced tea. Come on, you have two carafes of iced tea, make at least one unsweetened. I always look for no added sugar beverages so to not have an unsweetened option feels odd. Otherwise, everything is great. Will definitely be back!Simply the best!! Love it. Been going here since it opened for take home dinners, and sweets. Never have had anything but great dishes, cookies and cupcakes. Be sure to check out the food on the mini Lolita steam table in the back of the place! You'll be glad you did.First visit but not my last! Tried various cold sides from the salad bar (Israeli couscous, a lentil salad, a quinoa salad) and a chicken & black bean quesadilla. Everything was very tasty. The salad bar per pound price might be $0.50-$1.00 "above average" for the area but you're definitely getting above average salad selections. And, the black bean & chicken quesadilla, was scrumptious and a great value ($6). Next visit, there's a few cased items I definitely want to try!I tried to go in here for lunch, but the smells were so much that I walked right out.  For all I know the food is probably tasty, but the smell. UgggThis place has ammmmmmazing food! They are a bit pricey but you are certainly getting what you are paying for! Cauliflower mashed amazing..salmon incredible! Definitely a must try...no place to sit :(Usually love this place but haven't been in awhile and went today. I had the turkey meatloaf with mozzarella. it was okay but the hunk of cheese in the middle was raw and inedible, so I ate around it. An hour later -- I was puking in the office bathroom. Disappointing.Such a lovely little store. The store is quite small but honestly, I could spend an hour or so in there just looking at things. I'm usually decisive but I tend to take my time in this store.
I stand at the glass case, peering in, looking at the salmon, the turkey burgers, the veggies, etc. Then, I wander over to the buffet of items and do a walk around. Life is about decisions and I am determined to make the right ones.
The salmon is fantastic and so is the potato gratin. I'm a huge fan of any of the chicken salad offerings on the buffet. Is it wrong that I call it a buffet? I don't know what else to call it. Maybe it's a salad bar...
Anyway, get to grocery and spend your hard earned dollars on a few premium grocery items.Very cool place to get that home-cook kinda for lunch meal. They have a lot of different salads.This is my go-to takeout lunch spot. I'm a huge fan of everything Marcie Turney and just like her other 13th Street establishments, Grocery never disappoints. Everything I've ever gotten has been fresh, delicious, and very reasonably priced. The gourmet salad bar is the best in the neighborhood by far. I love the chickpea/edamame salad and Greek orzo. The pre-made salads and sandwiches are equally great, especially the Asian chicken salad. There's also a "hot bar" with samplings from   Lolita. I just recently tried the turkey and cheese empanadas and they are hard to pass up! My lunch usually averages $7.50, which for the quality of the food, can't be beat!Grocery is good for a grab-and-go lunch for people who work in the Midtown Village area of Philly. Their prices aren't great and their employees aren't the nicest, but their food is fresh and delicious. In the colder months they have daily delicious soups that can be monitored on their Twitter page. I prefer their cold salad bar for a quick, healthy and filling lunch option, but their Lolita hot bar is also a big hit with my coworkers.I'm not sure if it's appropriate to base a review entirely on personal experiences, but I feel it's important that all customers be aware of the people who they are giving their money to.
Simply put, the owners of Grocery (and Lolita for that matter), are some of the most despicable people I've ever met.  
My ex-girlfriend and a number of acquaintances used to work there.  One girl accidentally set off the fire alarm while overcooking something and the Fire Department had to come.  They uncovered numerous code violations and the owners decided to blame my friend for their discovery.  Incidentally,  the last I heard, the conditions that led to these violations remain unchanged.
Oh, and then there's the illegal immigrants that are employed in the back room.  The owners treat them like their other employees -- like dog crap.
Speaking of treating employees like dog crap, here's the icing on top.
My ex was an exemplary employee.  She always worked her ass off and never called out.  (Remember, she's an ex, so I'm not being blindly loyal or anything.)  One day, it was her time of the month and, consequently, had to go to the bathroom frequently.  
Well, this was unacceptable to the owners.  They angrily asked her, in front of the customers, why she was going to the bathroom so much.  Embarrassed to answer, she said that it was none of their business.  They fired her right on the spot.  
Nice people huh?
Oh, and they still haven't mailed her W2 forms.  When we went to inquire about them, we were thrown out....in the typical passive aggressive manner they're accustomed to.
Eat there if you want, I just figured I'd make some knowledge known.
Ps.  I'm fully aware that Yelp policy discourages "second hand" information.  But, when you have to pick your girlfriend up from her workplace while she's crying hysterically, it's definitely a personal experience.  Plus, I've met some of the illegals who work there and have spoken with them about it.  Ditto the fire code violations.  I have a feeling that Grocery would never accuse me of slander -- that would require spending money to fix the violations and to pay their employees something above minimum wage.  (ie. -- not worth squashing the truth)I really want to dislike this place. It gets very cramped at lunch time, they have a $10 credit/debit card minimum, and some of their items are very expensive. But, everything I've tried so far is completely worth the price. Their cupcakes are to die for (available in four or five different flavors, and they take orders for catering), and trumped the ones I've tried at Naked Chocolate and Flying Monkey in terms of texture, flavor, and frosting. The salad bar is incredible; I probably loaded 10 different items into my container and it still came out reasonably cheap for a filling meal ($6). Lettuce, tofu salad, cous cous, feta, mozzerella balls, spicy thai cucumber salad, and more. They have a nice selection of beverages (teany bottled teas, fruit juices, some sodas) and a lot of fine gourmet chocolates. Even though they're $2.50 a pop, I keep trying the interesting flavors from Dolfin (green tea, lavender). 
I'm also a fan of their cheese selection. Lots of great choices, and they even wrap up and sell smaller pieces for around $2 and under, so you can try one without committing to it monetarily. I only wish they had enough room for some small tables so I could eat here!I really want to LOVE this place. It's on my walk home from work and it would be really great to have the convenience of a home cooked meal on the go.
So why the 3 star review? Because this place is pretentious and always makes me feel uncomfortable. They don't greet you. I've been followed around by employees before and just watched- as if I was going to steal something. And the thing that REALLY bugs me is that they ALWAYS ask me if I need a bag. I once bought 6 things and I have a small purse on my shoulder and the cashier asked me if I needed a bag...Yes! I do need a bag! If I had a reusable bag in my purse I would have it out and ready to use. I try to bring the reusable bags whenever I go shopping, but sometimes when I'm running around I don't have one on me. The last thing that bothers me is that if I buy more than one meal they only give me one set of utensils. As if my dining companion and I should share the fork and knife. I have to ask for the 2nd set, and they always oblige but why can't they figure out that 2 meals means 2 sets of utensils? (and this stuff isn't that cheap- buck up the extra fork). 
Overall I feel like the employees here feel like they're hipster/too cool for customers...that's a shame because I love all the other establishments the owners have.My new favorite lunch spot! After working in the suburbs for the past 15 yrs and having lunch at Whole Foods for a majority of that time, I was hard pressed to find  something comparable when I recently started working in Center City. Grocery is it! I I've had wraps, pre made meals, salads and dessert from this place. When my stomach  is happy, I'm happy. This place does not dissapoint and have enough options that will allow you not to get bored with the selections.
The prices aren't bad to me and when you want to indulge in good food, it's gonna  cost more than a Wendy's dollar menu.
If you're looking for a quick bite, or a consistent option in Center City, head over to Grocery.More like 3.5 stars. This place is a great place to grab a good lunch. It has a premium salad bar, a mexican bar (food from lolitas) which is okay though a bit lukewarm, and it has a soup bar. It also has a lot of deli like products and little snacks to buy. This is a place to get some grub and go back to work and chow down.
The food is good, though pricey.THEIR CUPCAKES SUCK ASS! 
I bought three. Red Velvet, Blueberry something or other, and Caramel bullshit! 
So, they put the cupcakes in the window to tempt you as you walk by. Which works. So you go in all excited to get a yummy cupcake, and when you finally bite into it, it's DRY. The butter cream taste like ish, and the cream cheese frosting taste like plain old cream cheese. Guess they decided to skip putting the "frosting" in a mixer with a little 10X and vanilla!
Do you like cupcakes? DON'T STOP HERE! It'll piss you off!
sigh, disappoint numero deuce!No idea why it's taken me so long to visit this place, especially since it's on my route home from the gym. Grocery is my go-to spot for prepared foods--flank steak, grilled salmon, chicken quesadillas---at decent prices. The salad bar is also solid. 
Just what I need on those nights I'm not up for cooking.Good food selection and little coffee bar is convenient, however, the staff is a little rude for my liking. It's not like I'm walking around sticking the pretzel rods in my purse, yet they act as if you are bothering them in some way by just walking in the door. I spend a good deal of time and money at places at like this and base my return visits on assortment of products and customer service and Grocery only hits on one of the two (Hint: it's not the customer service aspect) I've noticed the lack of quality customer service within its "sister" companies, too. Like Verde and Barbuzzo.  It takes a lot for me to write a subpar Yelp review, being in the service industry myself, I know how disappointing it is to receive a bad review, but more than three strikes deserves a bad review. Even though I like the product assortment in this store and it's very cute and has food that I actually enjoy, I think I will find some other place to stop from now on or walk the few extra blocks to Whole Foods, where the employees are actually friendly and know the standards of good customer service. I think the manager/ owner of all these places needs to sit down with his/ her employees and have a serious talk, or just "clean house". There are plenty of personable people out there looking for work. I have several friends who have had the same experience and stopped going to great places like Barbuzzo because of the customer service.Good quality food. Nice choice of different salads. Great place for those looking to keep it healthy but still want good tasting well prepared food. A little pricey but that is expected because of the location. I stop in at least 2-3 times a week.I like this place a whole lot. I get my lunch there quite often. Always to go because there's no dining area. Which would be awesome now that I think about it. But there's no space for it. Anyway sometimes I get the soup or a sandwich or a salad. Always tasty and quick. I've heard people mention to me that they find it to be expensive but I find it to be fair. It's hard to tell how much everything should cost. Of course everything would be great if it were less expensive. I know I like a place when I go time and time again. Nice girls too.Weird as it will sound, I go there for their Half n Half they give you for their coffee. I usually stop by here when I don't have time to go to La Colombe and they im pretty sure actually serves La Colombe coffee,  but this half n half is like a drug. Picked up the tiny bags of Macademia Nuts and it was such a little treat!
I've noticed their wide variety of food and snacks, can't wait to try some more !There's something artistic about this place and i can always dig that.Perfect little gem of a grocery when you are visiting Philly and would like to carry out a cold or warm picnic lunch. Also, a great spot for the AirBnB stay when you want a real meal without the need to cook. You will impress that's for sure. Friendly staff and a great mix of food with 'whole' ingredients. Tasty stuff and definitely try the desserts...Cute little market with a great mix of healthy snack items, deli, salad bar, etc. Given its size, the selection isn't great so keep that in mind when stopping by. Perfect place to grab a quick, healthy bite. They also offer hot/cold tea & plenty of baked goods to tickle your fancy.I go to grocery almost every day for lunch, since it's veggie friendly and around the corner from where I work.  But, like the majority of reviews, I agree that the staff are less-than customer service friendly.  Today, I pulled out cash and change and put it on the counter while the woman ringing me up was putting my food in a bag.  She stopped, looked at me, and said she couldn't take the money because it was rude of me (to put it on the counter).  I mean, really.  C'mon...huh?
huh?
i just paid eight dollars and fifty five cents for chicken noodle soup.
huh?
it's made with penne noodles.  that's a good idea for soup HOW?  have you seen spoons?  more importantly, have you seen the spoons that you have at your eatery?  have you tried to eat your soup with your spoons?  how did it work out?  do you even care?  the devil is in the details, people.  
huh?
i don't even think the chicken was free range or organic or sustainably raised.
huh?
the hell?
oh, and the employees were bitches.  for no apparent reason.  not like fun bitches, like, bitch bitches.  
thank god i paid for the soup with a random ten dollar bill picked up from the street.I do not easily give out 5 starts however on a hot day all I want is a nice perfect salad made my way, and Grocery gave me that ability.  Delicious beets and fantastic feta.  What else could I ask for.  Oh and great simple greens.  Just beware it can be crowded during lunch.  Also they have great looking desserts but I have not dare tried any yet for fear of loving them.This place is a pretty pricey option for lunch, but always a good one. They have a salad bar, a hot Mexican food bar, a grab and go case and up front case where there are tons of options and for hot or cold lunches or dinners. They happily offer to heat  it or will pack it as is. Plenty of tasty, healthy options for carnivores and vegetarians. 
My personal favorite is the Greek lamb burgers and the Moroccan carrot salad. 
The two drawbacks are the price and that there is no seating here at all. It is strictly grab and go.I'm still recovering from the foodgasm due to my lunch at Grocery.  I had a chicken summer roll with spicy peanut marinade and a side of asian slaw.  Yum yum yum!!  The roll was the perfect amount of spicy but still light and clean tasting.  The asian slaw was an excellent compliment, and I'm seriously tempted to walk back over the to buy another one for dinner.  
Grocery has an excellent of prepared foods inside the case, but also a salad bar containing many of the same salads.  Yesterday I made my rounds on salad bar and had some of the moroccan tofu salad on top of baby greens with some grilled asparagus.  They also have sandwiches, prepackaged pasta and dinner options, and some general "grocery" items like seventh generation cleaning products.  
It reminds me of the Pasta Shop in Berkeley, CA and also very similar to Joan's on Third in Los Angeles.  I will certainly be frequenting Grocery during my extended stay in Philadelphia.As far as I'm concerned, this place is good for one reason -- dessert!  The selection changes constantly so if you're open-minded you'll get your hands on something tasty and well-priced.
Good(s):
Pumpkin parfait - Tremendous
Tiramisu - Just enough liquor to make it work
Cupcakes - Thick, rich icing on flavorful little cakes
No minimum on credit cards eitherEw. I was in the area, and my stomach was talking. I was thrilled to see a salad bar after walking a few stores down from where I had just left.
I wanted to eat something "healthy", but not raw. 
I was happy to see a quinoa and I also picked some grilled squash.
The grilled squash tasted of a heavy smoky, almost barbecue taste. I assume that the after taste was a result in their meats, that all seemed to be drowned in the same brown sauce. Very unappetizing.
The quinoa was sooo bland. No flavor. The only flavor that came threw was the taste of the canned chick peas that were in the mix. Even the feta cheese, that they also put in the mix, tasted bland. The only thing in this mix that was good and fresh was the sliced cherry tomato, but I had only a couple since I wasn't sure why it was there in the first place.
I only spent $2.25 and I couldn't finish it either. And the only reason I ate most of it is, because I'm currently overweight. And I didn't want to leave a healthier choice for another carb later.
If you need a salad bar, one with amazing amazing quinoa, go to whole foods. Your mouth and body will thank you.I took off the 2 stars because the price is pretty ridiculous.  It is a great lunch place, with a salad bar and prepared foods, cheeses, and desserts...
the only thing that is reasonably priced are the soups- which are great, and you can find out what the soup is on twitter before going to the store.
All the food tastes delicious you just have to be willing to shell out some money.
Also, the mint malt balls and peanut butter malt balls are to die for.  I eat them by the bag full.This place is a miracle.
My office moved from 18th and JFK to 12th and Sansom and I was eager to see what the new zip code had to offer for lunch. I found this place and I I'm not looking back. 
I have yet to get a single thing from their salad bar that hasn't been amazing (Beets! Hell yes!... Mozzarella Balls! Thank you!.. Israeli Cous Cous! OMFG!) and their soup (Go! Chili w/ Quinoa! Go!) with that perfect little roll. And the most insane thing is about all this is that I'm an eggs and bacon, steak and potatoes guy. I love meat. Love it! But this place has given me a new zest for real food. Food prepared with care and skill. I really can't imagine a more beautiful place to get lunch to go. Or dinner for that matter. 
I truly understand R. Kelly's song "I Believe I Can Fly."The food here is awesome, I love the Lolitta bar in the back. it's always fresh and delicious. My only gripe is that when I was asked if I wanted something  heated up it was done in a microwave in the container, so when I opened it the condensation made everything soggy and gross. Would've been better heated up in a small toaster/convection oven. That aside it's a great spot to grab lunch to go in center city.The prepared foods are AMAZING in this place:  creative, fresh, and delicious! It should hardly be compared to the prepared food counters at standard grocery stores because its quality is obviously far higher.  Even if I also find it pricey, it's a real treat to walk around this lovely store and check out its beautiful selection of sandwiches and salads, as well as chocolates and other items.We live across the street from this place and it's awesome. They have really nice cashiers who are helpful at picking cheeses - they were even friendly with us when we were buying a cheese 2 minutes after closing time :) The bread and cheese are awesome. Can't speak to anything else.Reading Kevin W's review below made me sad because I really liked this place (referring to the cafe, not the market).  I'll pay careful attention to how they treat the employees next time I go.
I stopped by for lunch and had a tasty panini with great mixture of flavors that worked well.  The side of orzo that comes with the salads and sandwiches was a very nice touch.  I enjoyed the desserts too, especially the cupcakes.
I went again the next morning for breakfast and I LOVED the steel cut oatmeal bar...  I've never seen anything like it before: along with the standard brown sugar and raisins, there were walnuts, cranberries, chocolate chips, and apricots to choose from.  I bought a large bag of granola (crunchy, honey-toasted oats with lots of fruity and nutty goodies) to take home and I almost finished the whole thing on the 2-hour train ride back.
I thought the cafe was so well-done, I wanted to own it.  Seriously.  They did a great job with the design, and the business model is ingenious (paninis are all premade but the ingredients are chosen such that they don't wilt in the fridge, and everything perks up after being grilled; providing a side such as orzo instead of potato salad adds a touch of class; the oatmeal bar is cheap and easy to run, but can still generate substantial revenue).
Whenever I make my way back to Philly, I'd love to try this place again and chat with the owners, if possible.Solid whole foods deli with kind (non-pretentious) hipster service.  Lots of gourmet / healthy snack options -- like bacon chocolate covered almonds or homemade granola.
The salad bar is clutch.  Try the peach and plum salad, the orzo salad, and the mustard chicken salad (SO GOOD).  Everything is really fresh.  There is also a hot foods bar with food by Lolita that offers mexican staples. 
The new $10 card minimum keeps me from going more often.Healthy, delicious food. Not cheap, but it is one of the few options that's convenient and not greasy or fried. I often get a soup, roll, and small hunk of cheese for less than $10. The Little Lolita bar is also very good, as are the prepared salads.My search for favorite Philly cupcake is over. The ones at Grocery are the best I've had in this city. Perfect size, amazing cake, just the right amount of rich frosting - no 2 lb hunk of baked brick, and much less than what seems the obligatory half cup of too-sweet frosting. That's all I've had there, so I'm only giving it 4 stars, but I'm looking forward to trying some take home dinner sometime.I come back here for the little lolita when I'm in a hurry, and to be honest it's nice to have. It's really not easy getting carribean cuban style food on the run. That said it's not really all that great either. The ropa vieja is pretty good, the tortillas and beans/rice are pretty awful. The plantains are bland and dry. The other meat dishes are pretty good. It's a pretty mixed bag.
The rest of the store is artisan overpriced foods. I've tried a few of the salsas and dips but haven't been impressed. The pastas and salads look pretty good though.Grocery 13 was fine. If I hadn't been to Barbuzzo the night before, I might have gone for 3 stars. And compared to the alternatives at the airport, it's the heavyweight champion of the world.
But I spent a lot of money on a jicama coleslaw whose pleasant citrus taste was overwhelmed by a dunk in the industrial-sized mayonnaise tank. I also spent a lot of money on beets that were fine roasted to the point of tastelessness. And a rather uninspired rendition of bok choy sauteed to limpness with some vegetables that made me think someone was vaguely thinking about China.
So maybe it's unfair. Maybe if I were a regular like Dan F., I'd mount the PSFS building and trumpet the superiority of Grocery over street food vendors and microwaved pizza.
But this is Philadelphia. A city that has lots of restaurants. And a city where I'd hope that the target clientele (23 years old, large floral arm tattoo and a feverish interest in Deerhunter) valued its cash a bit more.Very disappointing experience as a Coeliac. Of the many foods on display in the Deli, staff could not recommend/assure a single gluten free option. 
The farcical thing is that there appeared to be many potentially GF dishes, just lack of knowledge by staff members regarding gluten content not helped by a nonchalant attitude; a male staff member with a nose ring eventually concluded that I should just 'make my own food at home'. I left with nothing. Funnily enough, I see from Michael G's review below that said staff member has a bit of a reputation! Not surprised from the way he dealt with me.  
I have since been in touch with management regarding this. I hope Coeliacs/gluten intolerant people who visit this place in the future will not be dismissed in the way I was.I agree with Chrissy R.  The food is very, very good and high quality -but it's just not worth the price.  However, they do carry a startling assortment of gourmet chocolates and snacks.  
The salad bar option allows you to try a small bit of the items that appeal to you.
They used to have a slew of designer cupcakes, too.  Not sure if they still do.I am giving Grocery an extra star because when i stopped by today I was pleasantly surprised to discover that they have a "little lolita" hot bar!
So, instead of the boring couscous salad I was prepared to purchase, I loaded up on rice and beans with smoked chicken and tomatillo sauce.  Yum!
Nice 3/4lb lunch for $5.51 -- not bad.  And the staff today was much friendlier today.I take out from Grocery several times a week. It is gourmet food at gourmet prices. The crabcakes are humungous, but they are also $18.99/lb! The salad bar is the best around, and all of the prepared foods are great. My biggest complaint is that they need to start giving you flat-bottom bags when you buy things. They give you a regular plastic bag and your box of salad gets all shaken up and the dressing leaks out and goes all over everything in the bag and then all over your clothes when you open the box. It's awful. I wish they'd stop being cheap and get some flat-bottom bags like nice restaurants give you when you take-out.I went with a co-worker to this place to grab a quick lunch and I wasn't disappointed.  They have amazing soup options!  I tried the Split Pea Chorizo soup and it was very tasty! I also picked up a ham sandwich from the refrigerator and it was very tasty and flavorful.   Prices are a little high, but it's about what you would spend if you went to Au Bon Pain or Panera give or take a couple of dollars. I was hoping they made sandwiches to order; if they do, I didn't see a menu.  They also had a variety of tasty snacks and treats to buy.  Will definitely be back to try more soups and snacks!exactly what i need when i'm in a crap mood and don't feel like dealing with lines, gross people, and mediocre food on my lunch break.  a liiiiittle pricey, but fine, i get it.  mustard turkey salad? um, yes please!My go-to place for lunch. 
What I love:
- Large selection of soup: quite tasty as well
- Mexican food bar featuring food from Lolita
- Desserts in a cup: they had salted caramel pudding once and I was in heaven.
What I wish could be changed:
- Price, especially the salad bar
- Cupcakes, and pastries: I have had much better ones. I would suggest to skip those options.There's a lot to like at Grocery, but you have to pick through a lot of overpriced groceries to get there. 
First off, ignore everything along the walls.  $13 marinades, $7 chips and $11 jams.  Go for the hot stuff in the middle-the oatmeal in the morning and the soups in the afternoon.  The oatmeal comes with a nice fixins bar too.
The prepared foods are hit or miss.  The chicken breasts are just too thick but the turkey burgers and meatloaf are pretty nice.
The hummus is great, and so is the port wine cheese spread.  You can buy Lolita's margarita mix frozen here too.  It will cost you though, as with most of the stuff here.  You just have to know what's worth it, because some of the stuff is really well made.It makes me sad that anyone could NOT love this place. I can't imagine any of the food not being completely delicious! I get my lunch from Grocery pretty much every day and the associates are always friendly. They have my favorite chicken salad AND a hot bar that serves food from Lolita, what's not to love?The food here is generally good ( although over priced) but I had a really stupid encounter today that was, sadly, not an unusual one here.  Displayed was a beautiful round roast over brown onion gravy. I ordered almost a pound and a half (12 slices) at a cost of almost $22. The woman behind the counter gave it to me dry, with no gravy. I then asked for gravy and was given an extremely small container - the kind salad dressing is served in when you ask for dressing on the side - 2 inches by I inch). This was clearly not enough for all the meat I purchased. However, when I asked for more, the woman refused, claiming that she had to leave it for other purchasers. When I pointed out that I had just bought half of the beef she had on display and yet 90 percent of the gravy remained, she reluctantly told me she would give me another small container, but would charge me for it.  What was she thinking?  What kind of customer service is this?  So stupid.This place has delicious steel cut oatmeal and a great selection of mix-ins! The lunch bar is also good. Packaged items might be a bit expensive, but definitely don't miss the prepared food. I'm on the hunt for a place like this whenever I travel.I didn't like this place at first but it has really improved and they now mark their items as vegan!  I really like the variety of different kinds of salad - israeli cous cous, wheat berry, quinoa.  They all have great flavor and I'm pretty satisfied with their over-all freshness.
Also, in the mornings you can get oatmeal there with a variety of toppings.Grocery is the ideal place to go if you're having one of those day where everything is annoying you and the thought of picking a place for takeout pisses you off even more.
The owners of Grocery basically own everything on 13th street between Sansom and Chestnut, and that's reflected in the selection. In addition to some standard fare like sandwiches, soups, and a gourmet salad bar (try the tuna salad!), they often have picks from Bindi and Lolita. On a given day I can get a small container of salad bar for less than $5 and a curry chicken skewer from Bindi or something delicious and spicy from Lolita. The cuisine ranges from the exotic to your typical American and Italian, but is prepared with high quality ingredients. You can't go wrong with anything from the case.
They also have a bangin oatmeal bar during breakfast.
Selections can get pricey, but you can usually have dinner for $7-$10 if you stay away from their bricks of grilled chicken.
$10 minimum for credit cards and they take AMEX.It's pricey.  Let's get that settled right out of the gate.  It's expensive.  It is also a very nice treat.  My favorite splurges are the baguettes, the curried chicken sandwich, and the salad bar, with the margarita mixes and cold ready-to-cook ravioli following close behind.  They used to have biodegradable corn-based plastic cups for the iced coffee and tea, which I liked, but the last time I was in they seemed to have the regular stuff.The crab cakes here are excellent! Hardly any filler with a nice crunch from the red onion and tiny pieces of green apple. If I came by here more often, I'd definitely try the more tempting entrée items like the very fresh quinoa salads or salmon fillets. 
My only complaint was the Lolita bar. I tried 2 plantains & 2 sweet potato patties. When I ate those, they were quite cold and didn't taste great :( . Perhaps they should have a better working heat lamp or make it more often so it's a bit more fresh.
Despite the Lolita bar, the crab cakes was great and the two guys that assisted us were very nice and helpful.Although the the over priced salad bar is delicious..the nasty attitude and overall unpleasant man that rings you up just isn't worth it. I want to hold him by his nose ring and just assure him that "it gets better" and to be less condescending. I mean come on, you work a register it's not like you are a social worker rescuing kids. It's chicken curry salad. SmileI give one star today for lack of fairness. I just left there and took the dregs of a soup which reached a teensy bit above half of their smallest cup. The cashier asked the manager if she should charge me less and she said NO...THE SAME. I was shocked. That means that either the employees are allowed zero wiggle room for decisions or that she was an idiot or she was scared of her boss. All at the expense of a good regular customer.Grocery is a little pricy, but has a lot of interesting snacks and pre-made items. I've come in here a couple of times when I'm feeling like spending, and would visit more if I worked closer. I rarely had the time to sit down and eat, but always craved hot food. Grocery had just about what I needed! A lot of my old colleagues raved about this place too. 
I can't get over the sheer amount of snacks they offer -- most of which are brands you don't find in most places. One of my favorite snacks to get here is their Honey Roasted Cashews, which are to die for. I've only gotten them twice but decided to stop because I could eat them all in once sitting. I've also tried their empanadas, which weren't as tasty as I thought they would be, but worthwhile nonetheless.For the most part, everything I've gotten from here has always been tasty. The store is kept orderly and clean. Here is my pro/con list.
Pros: great salad bar
          good selection of hot food items
          good selection of house hold staples (teas, dried pastas, etc) 
Cons: pricey
            customer service isn't the best, a bit snobby.Grocery has a little restaurant/cafe attached to the market.  I went for brunch-y food, and the paninnis are okay, but the bowl of steel-cut oats with toppings bar is to die for.  So yummy, in fact, that I went out and bought some steel cut oats to enjoy at home!  Huge serving, we ended up splitting it and were completely satisfied.
The cookies look tempting, but aren't soft--instead a bit of a disappointment.  I'll try the cupcakes next time.  The atmosphere was cold, with a random assortment of people stopping in.  If you live nearby, I'd stop in to get take out--there's no reason to eat at the restaurant.Had my second visit here and got the brussels sprouts and sweet potato salad from the salad bar.  Both were delicious- the guy behind the counter was friendly and heated it up.  Will be back!I'm very wary of deli buffet type places...in theory good, in practice a little suspect in terms of taste, quality, sanitation, etc. especially if there is low traffic. However! here is grocery. It's owned by the women who run Bindi and Lolita down the block. There's an upscale spin to the korean mom & pop deli place. They have decent prepared foods that are relatively healthy. The ham and cheddar with pickles sandwich is very tasty. I've tried the turkey empanadas which are pretty good too if you pop them in the toaster oven at home.  Yes, yes - agree with all comments about it being pricey and the cashier...maybe she was on her period. I didn't know you had to give your salad bar items to the guy behind the deli case to weigh before approaching the cash register. Maybe you guys should PUT UP A SIGN or have a scale up front where people go to pay for things...revolutionary concept, I know.I would give this place a solid 5 star review if I could. The food is incredible, at pretty decent prices. It tends to be very busy during the lunch hours, but the line seems to move relatively quickly. The staff is always super super friendly, with the exception of the blonde lady with the spatula tattoo on her forearm. She is consistently very rude and condescending to the customers and employees.  Most times I come in, I dread seeing her working. She always seems to be complaining about how stupid the customers are, and on two occasions I've seen her harass one of her employees. The first occasion the hearing impaired employee didn't hear her calling his name, and her reaction was to berate him on listening up and letting him know that his hearing impairment was a serious nuisance to her. The second incident, she openly scolded the same employee for clocking in one minute late! Jesus! I think the owners should find a new person to manage this place, because obviously this woman is miserable here and making everyone else miserable along with her.Stopped by Grocery yesterday for a quick snack after work, and was pleased with the salad bar selections.  I grabbed some cucumber salad and an interesting turkey salad with grapes and walnuts, and was really glad to be able to get a small portion to go.  The bar with selections from Lolita initially intrigued me, but it looked like the food had been out a little too long for my taste. 
I poked around their grocery selection as well, and saw some pretty good stuff - including a basket of cheeses under $4! - so I'll have to pop back in sometime for more interesting, unique additions to my regular grocery list.  The offerings seem more curated and gourmet, and the prices do reflect that.I'll admit their recent credit card debacle rubbed me the wrong way. How do you not notice that a large chunk of your income isn't going through for 3 entire months? It really makes me nervous to go there. I honestly looked at my bank account and convinced myself that I had paid cash there because it never showed. Suddenly, the money just goes through one day unexpected. Kind of annoying.
Even that aside, I'm not a huge fan. The staff has been friendly every time that I've gone in, but sometimes the take out sandwiches are dry and just not that appetizing. Combine that with the cost, it's just not worth it. I'd rather get a delicious sandwich from Citi Marketplace or Jean's Cafe around the corner.Two things: first, it's funny that one of the reviews from 2007 mentioning the surly service could have been written today, three years later; and secondly, why is this place so expensive? Seriously. WHY? IS. THIS. PLACE. SO EXPENSIVE? And why are there so few price tags on anything? The lesson I've learned from Grocery is that if you have to ask how much something costs, you can't afford it. Tonight was the final straw, since I learned the hard way that, no, I cannot afford to pay $8 for a box of risotto mix or $7 for a pint of gelato ever again. It was my fault for not asking the price, and since I didn't really want to trek over to Superfresh or Whole Foods, I went ahead and handed over my card. But come on -- the prices here are so unreasonably high as to be alienating. At least for the packaged foods. Maybe the salad bar and sandwiches are more reasonable, but I won't be going back to find out.I was impressed with how many delicious looking options this small place had!  Counter full of premade "price per pound" veggies, salads, fish, etc....that all looked incredible!  They have a section with sandwiches and salads already packaged, easy for a quick grab & go lunch.  There were 4-5 different soup options and also a salad bar to make your own..
.I went with the salad bar, but rather than making a typical salad with lettuce, etc...I tried a few of their other types of salads:  Israeli couscous; some sort of lentil salad; vegan tofu salad; Italian tuna salad; orzo and feta; and a few others.  Everything was delicious!!  I really liked the Israeli Couscous salad: sweet honey dressing, walnuts, dried cranberries, some peppers, and I don't remember what all else was in it...but it was great! 
I look forward to trying some of their other options.  Those types of "make your own/pay by weight" are generally always pricey, but it was really good so I say it was worth it! 
FYI - $10 credit card minimumI love coming here in the summer, to get food for a picnics. Make a lovely picnic easy! The breads & cheeses rock. Theres also lots of random gourmet goodies. Only reason I don't shop here everyday... the cost!I work pretty close to the Reading Terminal so I usually skip over there for lunch when I don't bring it from home. While I had been in Grocery before I always dismissed it as too pricey to actually buy something. But on this glorious beautiful day as I was taking a walk during my lunch hour I stopped in for a pre-made salad to bring back to the office. 
I picked up the Asian Chicken Satay Salad and I was totally blown away at a few things: 1. the Deliciousness 2. the Huge portion and 3. the reasonable Price. The salad was loaded with romaine lettuce, seaweed salad, cashews, edamame, cabbage, and satay chicken. It also came with a very tasty ginger miso vinaigrette. The salad was $6.99 and definitely worth it. I couldn't finish it all. 
Everything else in Grocery looked amazing. The hot and cold bar, soups, and treats as well as the other pre-made salads. I'll definitely be back.Called simply 'Grocery,' this upmarket corner grocery store offers mainly pre-prepared goodies, cheeses and a specialty olive oil selection which you can get pumped into your old bottles.  They have now installed a salad bar which has delicious Mediterranean-inspired options like quinoa salad, grilled chicken and roasted peppers, olives, beans.  It's like a mini version of the salad bar at Whole-foods.  They also have a large beverage cooler in which they have a variety of waters, teas, juices and all-natural no high-fructose corn syrup soda.  They have a wall of organic and European chocolates as well! Another treat is the cheese sampler.  
What I like about Grocery is that it's a scaled down alternative to either Whole Foods, DiBruno Brothers or the Reading Terminal.  You can be in and out in a matter of minutes with a lunch that is both really tasty and healthy. It's not cheap, but you wouldn't expect something that has this good quality to cost pennies.Have you ever craved a vanilla cupcake?  Till I had Grocery's, I never did.  But this thing is good.  Seriously good.  I will dream of it for days before finally caving in and buying one.  And then it's like I'm being rewarded for a life time of good deeds. 
On the whole, they have really good cupcakes.  Fresh icing with real ingredients.  The cake is a bit dense, maybe a bit on the dry side, but in that crumbly cake way, not the "I've been sitting in the window for three days, please end my suffering" way.  Their chocolate cupcake is intense and wonderful. 
I think they do the above basics best.  My boss bought me a mocha cupcake today that missed the mark.  The cake tasted like burnt coffee, though the icing did sweeten it up a lot.  The Lolita absolutely does not do it for me.  If I wanted a cupcake to taste like goat cheese and spicy peanuts, well, I'd just eat goat cheese and spicy peanuts and leave the cupcake out of it. 
Rating this place is hard, because I think they have their moments.  5 stars for the chocolate and vanilla cupcakes.  1 for the other two mentioned above.   I've never gotten anything else from here.  As for service, it's always been totally adequate, nothing more nor less than cordial, which is all I really ask for.What!? I'm only the second review of this mecca of deliciousness!? Folks, true to 13th St form, this place is amazing. You will find me greedily standing in line to see what vegetarian/vegan soups are featured that day, I usually have 2-3 to choose from! African Peanut Soup, Lentil, Sweet Potato Bisque, Vegetarian Chili with Quinoa and Jalapeno, I could go on but you should see for yourself and check out the non-veggie ones at your own leisure. Salad bar with Mediterranean goodies like orzo salad, roasted beets, tofu salad with seasoning as well as...and this is my favorite, are you ready? it's so good: A fully stocked Mexican hot bar featuring the food from Lolita! Plantains,  beans, shredded chicken with lime and spices, rice...ok, I'm getting carried away. Small soup is $4.86 with tax which is not bad. Grab a roll for $.75 and you've got yourself a healthy, tasty cheap lunch. Be careful with all the goodies surrounding you like Kind bars, assorted nuts and artisan chocolates. Oh, I FORGOT ABOUT THE CASE! 3 cheese mac and cheese, salmon, chicken salad, are you even paying attention anymore? I'm not. My ghost writer has taken over because I left after the second sentence to go get one of their molasses cookies! Go, you will undoubtedly find not something you like, but something you love! Ok I'm back what did I miss?Lovely gourmet items to go: salads, prepared food, fresh cut oatmeal, chocolate covered things, sorbets, and other delicious items that would satisfy any lunch belly or dinner party...albeit a little bit pricey.Everything here is fantastic. I especially love the soups and whatever new and delicious concoctions their kitchen staff whips up. The staff is incredible, they're very colorful and always very helpful. The blueish haired gentleman even consoled me after my cat died by purchasing a rice crispy treat himself (which are astonishingly delicious here) and giving it to me. The only downside is the other customers. Most seem fine, but a few bad apples really can spoil the bunch. They're most likely not going to put up with your rude entitled behavior, so save it for somewhere else.