I wrote this in January, but never got around to posting it until now. It was a very cold and snowy day when I went it...
Upon walking into the restaurant, I could tell that I made the right decision. It is warm and decorated with rich wood and dark leather. The bar area is inviting with plenty of places to sit, while the restaurant area actually has a living room in it. There are large, cozy arm chairs and an oversized couch surrounding a huge wood burning fireplace that was, of course, lit and drawing me in. I sat down in one of the chairs surrounding the fireplace. 
When asked what I wanted to drink, I immediately ordered my favorite wintertime cocktail: a hot toddy. They are perfect for warming your bones on a cold day. The hot toddy at Growlers was no exception. 
To eat, I started with the appetizer Devils on Horseback, which are blue cheese stuffed dates wrapped in bacon with pomegranate molasses drizzled on top. This might have been one of the best things I have ever eaten in my entire life. Savory, sweet, tangy, and creamy all at the same time. I cannot imagine they are very healthy for me, but I would eat a thousand if I could. I'm serious. For my main course, I went with a hot butternut squash bisque. This was another perfect dish for a cold, snowy day. It must be hard for any meal to follow the appetizer I had just consumed, but the soup was good nonetheless. It was savory, sweet, creamy, and tangy all at the same time. I decided to skip dessert and ordered another hot toddy instead.
I would definitely recommend checking out Growlers if you have never been. Especially on a cold day like today. Everything about that place is a winter respite.Moved into the area and found a great local. I like dive bars but they're a bit too
prominent in South Philly. It's great to find somewhere chilled to hang out after a long day at the office in excellent ambiance. Great service, rotating drafts and the food is awesome. A South Philly gem! Five stars here. Try it, just don't take my bar stool!We have anxiously been awaiting the opening of Growlers.  The full menu will not roll out until next weekend, but they have a menu of small plates for the week.  I had the smoked salmon, and despite being a "small plate" found that it was quite enough for dinner.  The beer list is off to a good start, and I can see this place doing well.  Will need to come back for the full menuThe truffle fries were deliciously hot, crispy, and seasoned with just the right amount of cheese and shallots, and the smoked salmon small plate was very flavorful with a fried egg, latke, caramelized leeks, and smoked sausage.  I love that they don't shy from using shallots, onions, and leeks since they really do add an extra boost of flavor to any dish.  The beer list is pretty respectable already and we thoroughly enjoyed our crispin cider and pumpkin brew.  It's no Monk's but selection is decent and the ambiance is relaxed and comfortable with an inviting fireplace and a comfy sofa.  Will definitely be back to try the full menu very soon (turducken burger?  I am so there!).Went here last night with a couple of friends for drinks after dinner.  The bar interior seemed very nice and we liked that there were board games for you to play if you wish.
As we had already eaten, we did not get much to eat.  We did order the truffle fries and these were okay (not strong enough truffle taste).
So this is why two stars: I ordered 2 buffalo traces neat (single pours), which were priced at $7 each, which frankly for that area I was expecting to pay.  BUT there was an additional two dollar charge for EACH DRINK.  When we asked our waitress about this, she told us that there was a $2 charge to pour a bourbon neat.  Evidently, it's an additional $3 charge if you order whiskey on the rocks.  So keep that in mind next time you'd like a drink on ice.
This is the first time in my life that I have EVER heard something so ridiculous and frankly I feel completely cheated.  Sorry, but you will never get my patronage again until that ridiculous policy is changed... IF it is in fact a policy.This is a great beer bar but the food is lacking. I'm usually impressed with the draft list which is always reasonably priced. 
The food however, is a different story. I recently had a burger that was overcooked with a soggy bun, missing two toppings (bacon and tomato) and cold. The cheese had congealed and tasted awful. The service in the dining room was also poor. The waitress acted like she was doing us a favor by bringing us drinks and our meal and when she brought out the wrong thing, didn't care to apologize. The food is also overpriced for the quality.
In the bar however, I'm always impressed by the bar service. The bartenders are friendly and attentive. 
I'll go back again but only for drinks and only sit in the bar.I've stopped into Growlers a few times since they've opened and I think it's safe to say I'm a fan.  
The first time I went, I was with a very large group and we only wanted drinks so we took up residence in the bar area.  I kept apologizing to the waitress who had to keep weaving through our group to get to the tables tucked away in the back corner of the bar.  I definitely feel like the bar space should be bigger.  As I've said in other reviews, I'm not a big beer drinker so I wasn't expecting much out of the wine I ordered, but thankfully it surprised me and was pretty good.  Because of the cramped feeling in the bar, however, it was difficult for me to really enjoy myself and I wasn't too enthused about coming back. 
Since that first visit, however, I have been back a few times and each time has been a much better experience.  Instead of sitting at the bar, we sit at the tables or by the fireplace.  It's a very relaxed, fun spot to hang out.  I can't say much about the food because I haven't had a chance to eat here yet, but I'm sure that'll be happening soon.I greatly enjoyed a special they had which was a vegetarian shepherd's pie and it was delicious. I have always prepared shepherd's pie with meat in it, but now I am inspired to prepare the same veg one at home, which has quinoa, beans and lots of other goodness.  I was also impressed with their banana cream pie, which obviously was made with hand-made crust.
Their Malbec is also nice. Service excellent. I will be back soon.I stopped by on a Friday night to check out the new place and have a few beers.  It was crowded and standing room only at the bar.  The hostess was a little confused and it took some time to figure out that tables were only for customers who would be ordering food (probably just confusion since they just opened).  Either way, they have a pretty good tap list of about 10 craft beers.  
As the name suggests they do growler fills of all the beers.  There seemed to be a lot going to tables so I assume you can get them to go or treat the growlers as pitchers and share them at a table.  The beer prices were OK but nothing special.  I'm not sure what their happy hour prices are but that could really push this place over the top.  
Overall, its a nice place that has a cool vibe.  I'll have to come back to try the food. 
There are also dart board downstairs.I recommend this place for the beer list, the ambiance, and the friendly staff.  The food choices have been improving since when the place first opened, but I find that the entrees continue to have way too much salt.  If you live in or are walking through Bella Vista, Growler's is worth stopping in to grab a beer and watch the game.Great neighborhood pub. Was very cozy by the fire on a cold night. Food was decent  - standard gastro pub fare. Staff was friendly, and the manager (owner?) was very accommodating to our friends who brought a 2 year old. In my mind this is what Devils Den was trying to be, although has failed to accomplish due to horrendous service/management.Definitely a fan.  Went there for the first time this week.  The food and service was amazing.  No complaints.  Loved the short rib and Philly chicken.  We cleared our plates!!!  I would absolutely recommend for good food and atmosphere.The Philly Chicken is a must have! Chicken stuffed with soft pretzel filling with a cheese/mustard type of sauce. I also tried red quinoa here for the first time...but I'm not a fan. I will stick to unhealthy, flavorful options instead...Like the fudge they were serving the night I was here for dessert...outstanding! I basically ate the entire serving myself but I think it was meant to be shared. Oh well!
I did share my first ever growler of beer here, which was very fitting. The beer selection is great and the prices for a growler were very reasonable. 
My only gripe was the service. It wasn't very busy when the two of us were here for dinner but our waiter did an awful job. He barely came around to check on us and we had to flag him down to get some water. Then, we had a table full of plates that were empty but he took forever to clear them. Luckily, the food and beer more than made up for that part of the night.After the long decline of Vesuvio, and the short contentious tenure of Little Bar, I think this space is on the right track as Growlers. It's hardly a secret that Philly loves a  great beer menu, slight twists on pub/comfort food, and a good space, but balancing those elements well remains an elusive challenge for many restaurateurs.
One of the nice things you notice right away in Growlers is that the dining room is well separated from the bar area, which is great for volume control, and avoiding distractions from too many TVs. The dining room has plenty of tables and a fireplace, while the long bar has plenty of room for sitting or standing.
Get the house made chips, they're awesome. Or go at happy hour and get two. All the sandwiches are good, especially the pulled pork. The staff isfriendly and checks in frequently, seldom leaving an empty glass unnoticed for long.Dark, smoky old world pub feel with a modern twist. Located in Bella Vista lies this gem of a bar/restaurant with amazing food to rave about. We had a party of 7 people and decided to go to brunch during the busiest time of the day on a Sunday morning. After being denied somewhere else, we headed to Growlers. They took us promptly and sat us down together at a big table in the back of the restaurant. The fireplace was going, and there were different groups of people enjoying Sunday brunch.
I needed a mimosa which is why I was so bummed that we couldn't find seating at the first restaurant but Growlers more than made up for it with their $3 Mimosas/Bloody Marys- at that price, it is a steal. I ordered the egg sandwich- by egg sandwichstandards one would say it was a pretty ordinary egg sandwich. But it was placed on a perfectly crusty French baguette and topped with a wonderful aioli spread. My side salad had a nice light sweet dressing which didn't overpower the lettuce. 
Looking around the table, everyone enjoyed their meal. My roommate ordered the peanut butter and chocolate french toast- UNREAL. The most creamy delicious french toast, packed full of peanut buttery goodness. The rest of the party had the brunch burger- perfectly cooked to medium rare and topped with an egg. Don't even get me started about the truffle fries- they are addicting. You wont be able to stop once you start.
Overall, Growlers was a good spot for a Sunday brunch- except the brunch menu lacked creativity. Nothing really jumped out or appealed to me, but the execution was flawless.A really nice environment.  It was still the "soft opening", and we had several delicious apps. The white bean hummus was very good, and arrived with crudite and toast rounds. The wings were very good, and came with about 8 to an order. The pork belly tacos were very flavorful and came with crabmeat on the side. The truffle fries were amazing! The potato pancakes were very good too, and were a bit on the fluffy side. The cheese plate was good, with good qualtiy cheeses-the blue was especially nice-served with peppadews, grapes and toast rounds. At $13 for the plate, the cheese plate was adequate but not plentiful.
I am looking forward to sampling the full menu, at which time I may be able to upgrade to 5 stars.  GREAT ATMOSPHERE, with flickering candles everywhere, a roaring fireplace, comfortable sofa "living room" area, and tables inside and out. Decent sized bar and a nice selection of beers. Friendly and attentive servers.I've been watching this place come together during my walks home, anxiously awaiting its opening, which finally came this past Friday. Today my lovely lady friend and I made our way in for the first time. 
They're in the midst of what our server called their "soft opening," but we still found plenty to sample from their menu: pork cracklins (hot pork rinds with a delicious cheesy sauce), truffle fries (with a delicious shaved pecorino cheese on top), wings (the "hot" were disappointingly lacking in flavor, and only six to an $11 order), and "crispy bacon" (a plate full of bacon, with a dipping sauce containing - yes - more bacon).
The full menu will be available two days from now, with burgers, steaks, and so forth. For now, their beer menu is more than adequate; their space is gorgeous and features some of the best downtempo music I've ever heard in a bar at 7 pm; and we loved the staff. Our server was super friendly and pleasantly touchy with my lady friend - she wants a massage the next time we go in.
Four stars, on the way to five!I remember when this place used to be Vesuvio. I like it soooo much better now. The ambience in here is so nice, especially on fall or winter evenings when it's a little chilly and they have the fire going. It's a great place to grab some dinner or a beer, or sit and watch the game. The Staff is really friendly and the owner (or manager but I think he's the owner) is always super nice and appreciate. 
The food is pretty delicious. It's also pretty consistently delicious. They change their menu frequently enough that the options are relatively seasonal seeming. It also does a lot to spice thing up a bit and offer some cool inventive items. The burgers are always delicious and the truffle fries are Oh Mah Gah so good. They also have a really good tofu sandwich if you don't do burgers or poultry. Salads here are a solid choice too. The arugula salad with pomegranate and figs was a favorite until it took a menu sabbatical. But not to worry, there's a new delicious one taking it's place. 
They have a pretty good selection of beer here as well. Like the food, they change it frequently so there are always new things to choose from and seasonal options. 
Overall, what a great neighborhood place!A great neighborhood bar.  There is a bar, restaurant, darts, couches, darts, a fireplace, and occasional music nights; what's not to love?
The beer selection is very good.  The prices are on par with other bars, so not cheap, but not bad for a city.  The food is tasty.  I have only ever tried various sandwiches, which were all good.  The fries are delicious, they have truffle parm fries.
The crowd is usually very kind and friendly.  The staff is always nice, and the manager will usually take requests for the tv, especially if you get there early and you're not asking to take off a Philly sport.
The couches and fireplace make this place great for winter.
The happy hour is 10PM-midnight if I remember correctly.  Which seems weird, but I guess they want a late crowd.I have never written a review before but after last night at Growlers, I thought it was time. I went with a number of friends and to say we had a good time would be an understatement. The atmosphere in Growlers is like no other bar I have ever been at. Its a great bar for everyone; My boyfriend who never misses a football game or pga tour got his fair share of tv's, my girl friends got their fire on a cold fall evening, and the partiers in us got to listen to some great music. We arrived and were greeted by the most pleasant staff. We started and ended our night with Growlers of Allagash. We got a seat next to the fireplace which was very comfortable. I would highly recommend the crispy pork skins, or the herb potato chips. Check out Growlers, its new in town and is definitely worth the trip to Bella Vista!!!I love Growler's! It's my go-to. Whether I've been with a group of friends, one friend, a significant other, or my family I have not had a single bad experience here, ever.  The owner is the man, really nice down to earth guy.  The bartenders and servers are kind, attentive, knowledgeable and make fantastic drinks and recommendations no matter what you're looking for.  The beer selection in fantastic, and if you don't want beer there are 152.2 amazing different liquors and a phenomenal cocktail list!  Every single old fashioned I've had here just makes me forget all my troubles.
The food is out of this world, whether you eat meat or not.  Their specials consistently "wow" me, I want to eat all of them! I mean how does that even happen?  I cannot think of a single bad thing to say about Growler's, I would highly highly recommend it.  Whether in the summer, sitting outside, in the winter sitting by the fireplace, or simply sitting at the bar- you will not regret stepping foot in here.Every time I go to Growlers, I wonder why I don't go more often.  Interesting layout, nice fireplace, good beer selection, and decent food.  It's definitely a solid neighborhood bar.  My only gripe is the service... while friendly, our waitress wasn't attentive and brought us the wrong food.  We didn't see her for a good 10-15 minutes, and had to flag down a different server to get us the correct food.
It happens and the manager (?) was apologetic, but it definitely knocks off a star.  Overall, a quality choice for a good meal and some tasty beer!Saw this place as "new business" on Yelp last week and wanted to check it out. So the weather was great today so we stopped in for a quick bite. Stopped in at 4 and they said they weren't serving till 5 so we just had a few beers, no worries.
We had the cheeseburger and the crab cake sandwich. The cheeseburger (no fancy name here, so wasn't sure what to expect) was fantastic! It had a bacon jam on it that that turned my taste buds into crack addicts. I just couldn't get enough of it. It had a great brioche roll and just the right amount of grease. It was damn good.
The crab cake sandwich was pretty good but nothing I would write home about. I don't mean that as to take away anything from them. Its just my opinion that is was good - just not anything I would go out of my way to try again and besides, I'm scarfin that burger every time I go back anyway!
The beer selection was pretty good. The beer selection they had was pretty impressive and should more than accommodate the craft beer connoisseur. For a guy like me (wine drinker - minor beer drinker) it more than hits the spot. They have Allegash so it works for me.
Service was very good and very friendly. This is a pretty cool little spot and I really hope it catches on. If you're into burgers I would put this bar at the top of your list. I know I'll be stopping back, especially since she said they are continually adding to their menu. I look forward to the new items.I want to love this place. It's close to my house and everything sounds so appetizing on the menu but it never works out. We went there this past Saturday and had the beer battered mozzarella and a burger. The mozzarella wasn't crispy and there was one sad tiny piece of garlic bread with it. The burger had way too much sauce and my quite honestly the sauce was not to my liking. It caused the bun to get all soggy and I was reduced to eating the burger with a knife and fork. womp womp.Had an absolutely wonderful meal here last week. Not only was the food great but the atmosphere was quite different than the norm. 
The menu is very pork heavy, which I am totally in support of. Highlights of the meal were their wings with 'growler' sauce and the pork belly BLT, which is essentially a bacon on bacon sandwich with sriachi mayonnaise. Their mac and cheese came with pulled pork mixed in, which was delightful. 
Definitely recommend this place to people looking for a low key night with really delicious food.This is a great quiet spot in the Bella Vista area of South Philly. A great restaurant to have a nice dinner at or hang at the bar. They have a fireplace with tv's great for sports games as well as a relaxed lounge spot. They also have a few board games and darts downstairs to keep you entertained. We played Sorry while watching an Eagles game in front of the fire. The dining area is also very nice and the food is great. 
They have a decent craft beer list and have growlers to go. I got the hot buttered rum which was a great drink for the winter. Not too sweet but just hit the spot right. For food we had the wings which were nice and meaty but a little expensive for how many you get. The burger and fries were a also a plus here. They are always changing their specials so the menu will have new items every time you come in. Overall a very pleasant experience at Growlers.Ok. We go out about 4 or 5 times a week. Don't review tons. We live local and I work in a local bar too. 1st. Service was phenomenal. 2nd. No more douchebags like when it was Vesuvio. 3rd. Food was delicious. We had wings to start, then the black bean burger and the turducken burger. My only complaint is they sell you wings by the pound for $11. 7 small wings equal one pound? Are you high? WTF?! Unless this rip off changes we don't think we will be back or recommend. Crazy. Still dumbfounded. 7 wings for 11 bucks. Nonsense.Fun little bar. Stopped in for some drinks while we were waiting for our table at a restaurant nearby. Had a tasty old fashioned and a really good pita appetizer.Love this place. Very cool place.  The service was great and the food was good.  Defiantly will be back soon.  Great place to watch the game.I enjoyed Growlers with 3 other people. We went for brunch. I had eggs Benedict (mushrooms instead of bacon) and I loved it, the hollandaise sauce was just enough and the eggs were perfect. Two other people got the breakfast sandwich and that was packed with vegetables and tasty. The fried potatoes were great, not greasy. Our server was attentive and everything was priced reasonably.Stopped in here last night to have a light dinner and a few drinks.  Sitting outside was nice, even though sometimes it does get loud since the corner is a fairly busy intersection.  Very nice beer list with some limited and odd items.  
We had some of the small plates and everything was very pretty good.  The Growlers wings were recommended by the waitress and they were nice and spicy, but were backed up with good flavor.  I'll have to say that the pork belly soft tacos were a little on the bland side, which is a shame because they look tremendous.  The missus had the mac and cheese and the potato pancakes and was very happy.
The wait staff was polite and friendly, without being pretentious or seeming like they were reading from a script.
In the ever growing flood of gastro pubs, I think that Growlers stands out as being something a little nicer and little better than A LOT of the competition, and it seems to come easy.  I don't get that whiff of "trying too hard."  Keep it up!
I intend to return.Great neighborhood spot with a lovely interior that is cozy and inviting. The wings are amazing - especially the Jamison BBQ flavor. My BF got the burger and it was seriously one of the tastiest burgers I've had in a while! I got the caesar salad which was tasty as well. Though the menu consists of your typical pub fare, Growlers does a great job of enhancing these items to make them exciting.Love this local pub. Service, staff and ambience are great. I've yet to eat here but I'm guessing it won't be long until i do. So happy this is a stroll from our house. Great spot for a drink or 5. Highly recommended.When you come to a place named "Growlers" you don't exactly expect the mixed drinks to be very good... but they were tasty and even inventive! I started the night off with a Moscow Mule. I love when places have this cocktail (ginger syrup, vodka and lime juice). I was a little sad they didn't serve it in the traditional copper cup, but it's cool. I thought I would try other drinks but the mule was yummers so I stayed true. My friends had things like "Chipotle Old Fashion" that had bourbon, chipotle pepper, angostura bitters, and brandy cherries. Pretty fun for a place lotsa beers.Growlers atmosphere kicks up its star rating. Their dishes have the right idea, but some miss the mark in basic ways, while others keep you thinking about them for days. The presentation is thoughtful with attractive colors  and plating. Service is fast and hospitable.
Growlers has a relaxed and romantic environment complete with fireplace, exposed brick, and leather chairs. The beer selection is large enough for you to try server all brews, but not so wide that you feel bad about getting an entire growler of the one you know you like. 
I go wild for the rich favors of the Cana de Cabra, but the first time I ordered it arrived with only two pieces of toast, so the server brought us more. The second time that I ordered it I specified at least 5 pieces of toast, and received 4. C'mon this is way too much cheese for just a couple of pieces of toast. It is delicious, so I recommend ordering it anyway if you don't mind asking for more toast (asking for something modified always makes me feel bitchy).
The Truffled Fries had a generous portion of cheese sprinkled throughout and a light but addictive truffle oil flavor. One order was more than enough for the whole table of 4 to enjoy along with other small plates.
The Beer Mussels had a homey flavor combination, but I fear that Monks Cafe has made me a mussel snob because I expected them to taste fresher and less salty. If you're a mussel snob stay away from this dish.
It seems like every gastropub has a Mac & Cheese, but Growlers transcends the cliche with very creamy mac & cheese and perfect moist pulled pork. The portion is very generous.Had dinner here on Friday, 11/16/2012
I likewise debated between 3 and 4 stars for this place. Food was probably a 3 overall, but great marks for service and atmosphere. The appetizers weren't excellent, but the main dishes were decent bar fare. I had the Steak Frites, which seemed to be their best dish overall (I certainly enjoyed it).
The atmosphere was awesome. The fireplace gives a nice, cozy charm, and the place is very roomy. Even so, if you're coming with a group, I recommend getting their before the dining rush and grabbing a table. The place definitely got crowded by 7:30.
Service was great, the beer list was extensive, and I'll definitely return. I'm hoping (1) this bar stays and (2) their food improves.Everything about Growler's is just very solid. The staff is well equipped, fast, and courteous. If you are in the Bella Vista / Hawthorne area, please be sure to check out Growlers. It is not overly expensive, so you can grab some beers and good food at a very affordable price.
Last time I was there, I went with a part of 9-10 and they handled everything exceptionally. Just an all-around great atmosphere at Growlers.Free for all/open mic comedy sessions 8-10 Wednesdays followed by live acoustic music.  Good beer selection, spacious place, though the front bar area was a little bit tight on a Wednesday night.  The food looked delicious (pretzel crusted mozzarella, yes please!).  I will definitely be back to this neighborhood bar to try some of it out and perhaps check out the open mic comedy night!Best Old Fashions in the neighborhood. From the moment we entered, we were taken care of by the fabulous staff, and had entertaining conversation with Steve the bartender, who knows his craft, and the wonderful host, Robert, who went out of his way to find us a table on a crowded Saturday night. This will be a regular stop.First: If you want an example of how to put your best foot forward as a new bar introducing itself to the public, look no further than Growlers. I was here twice shortly after they opened and I was thoroughly impressed. It's hard to find an aspect of this place which was not conceived and executed well.
I've been back several times since. The bar itself is spacious and good looking. They have a little dining room area with couches and a fireplace too. Totally cozy and cool. The menu is concise and everything I have had so far has been good. The beer selection, while not vast, always has enough good ones on it to keep things interesting.
I did recently have the pork mac and cheese for the first time. The dish was good, but what I got looked nothing like what is pictured here on Yelp. I got a small grape-sized dollop of pork topping my pasta. LOL. It that looked like it was done with a mini ice cream scoop.
If you want to be comfortable, eat well, drink well and enjoy yourself you can't go wrong with Growler's. The staff is nice and they even have one of them fancy modern jukeboxes too. You really can't do better in that neighborhood and its immediate surroundings. 
Cheers.growlers is a pretty good neighborhood bar that is worth going back to every now and then.  good vibe, great staff (shout-out to tori and hani), and good drink selection.  food is black or white, some stuff is really really good (mac n cheese, turducken burger) and some stuff i would stay away from (pork belly tacos and their wings).  i got a growler the first time i was there and just saw you get discounts off of further growler purchases which is pretty cool.  i live in the area and will definitely keep goin back every now and then.After waiting for 15 minutes without so much as someone taking our drink order, we had to leave.I had the pulled lamb. Kind of small proportion but it was great. It had a peach or some kind of compote with it and a quiche that was great. It was silky smooth and the corn bread is killer as well!growlers is great! they have a good rotating draft selection and their cans / bottles are always on point ! the food is awesome and their late night happy hour is disgusting cheap you can't say no to it !another day, another gastropub...wait, what! Not Growlers, this place is REALLY GOOD! Not just another gastropubs, this place actually has really good food. my honey and I shared the rack of lamb appetizer, yummy! I had the Brussels sprouts dish, which was excellent. It also helped they carry what my husband calls snotty champagne beer, lambic Framboise :) The place was cozy and warm. Nice touch with the fireplace. Service was prompt and friendly. In other words, check this place out.I had the mac n cheese at about 1:00am.  It was AMAZING.  This kitchen doesn't just shut down and serve cold wings or soggy fries.  They are cranking out delicious food late into the night.  Will definitely be returning!The warm and friendly atmosphere can only be surpassed by the amazing food and service. The living room and board games are an invitation to relax and stay awhile. This spot is a must when you're in Philadelphia. CookieI complained about the price of the wings, and the owners actually LISTENED! Thank you. You will now come highly recommended and I will blab about your business to all who will listen.I came here three times and I have never been disappointed! I ate the crab cake sandwich with panko crusted tomatoes and it was legen (wait for it....) dary!!!! legendary!!! they have a lot of beers you can try and the price is not bad!!! so happy I have such a great please close to my apt!!!I tried out brunch here, and while I gave two stars for good service and great space, the food was inedible.  I ordered a burger and fries.  The burger had a strange fishy flavor and the bun was cold and stale.  It was so disgusting I couldn't eat more than a bite.  It's a shame because the location and space is so cute, but I would not recommend eating here at all.  However, I can imagine coming here for a beer and sitting outside would be nice.I had the pleasure of going to Growlers for the first time yesterday. I must say, it was extremely pleasurable. The staff is very attentive and insightful with beer and food choices. I ordered the pulled pork mac and cheese which was to die for as well as the turducken burger, and let me tell you, that was the most delicious burger I have had in a very long time! Not to mention the impressive beer list & growler prices. I am a huge fan. I always liked Time in Center City so I had a feeling this would tickle my fancy. Also, I live a lot closer to Growler so I am sure it won't be long until the staff knows me by name. I welcome Growler to South Philly with open arms!Went in on a Sunday afternoon around 2:30 and brunch was still being served. Nothing really stood out to us on the menu so we just had a drinks and left within 45 minutes. Attentive bar service so that is a plus. We tried a bloody Mary and gin and tonic, both nothing too special. The beer menu isn't as extensive as it should be if you are going to name your place growlers. Beer menu though is different than your usual dive bar, a few unique craft selections. Moderately priced beer for pints, usually between 6-8$.This place is such a cute little neighborhood gem. I've been here once just to check out the bar and once for lunch. Seems like a really cool chill spot for winter time with the living room lounge type area, fireplace and comfy couches. Apparently they have comedy nights on Wednesdays which I would love to go to some time. This place was great for lunch also - they have outdoor seating which was perfect for when I went because it was a beautiful day out. I got the pulled pork Mac and cheese which was amazing. I don't think you can really god wrong that combination..ever, but it was especially good here. I highly recommend.I've been heading to Growlers late on Wednesday nights for their fireside acoustic sets. I don't know if this is going to last into the summer, but I hope it does! What an intimate, cozy, gorgeous setup for some great music.
The beer list is prolific, the food wholesome and well prepared and the service is spot on. I don't think I've ever had to wait long for my drink to be filled or to grab the check when I wanted it. The atmosphere is perfect for the music too.
Check out their schedule and look for fireside acoustic nights with Larry Latore or Chris Farrell. They're incredible musicians and I hope they keep coming back!Awesome service great staff.... Awesome outside seating beautiful park across the street food was out of this world. Rachel our server was awesome and on top of things class of water never went empty, beer was always flowing awesome selection on draft.Growlers is great for a happy hour drink or late night. They got a nice beer list and pretty good food. The decor and fire place create a nice ambiance. The only down side is the limited hours. They need to open much earlier on weekends.Alcohol selection is good; food selection is good; service is excellent; but for me too $$ for what they give you overall.  Noise level is always equal to Superbowl loudGrowlers is one of my favorite local bars in Bella Vista/Hawthorne area of Philadelphia. From the adorable interior decor, delicious small plates and very friendly staff, Growlers is a great place to go with friends.
I highly recommend the pulled pork Mac and cheese, homemade potato chips, beer battered mozzarella and truffle fries. Also, their brunch on the weekend is AMAZING! Today I noticed that they expanded the menu and I highly recommend the Tito Lio's breakfast sandwich.portions are small and food was ok.  the price of appetizers is outrageous for this neighborhood.  prob not going back since there are so many other places in the cityMy roommate and I just got back from Growlers and I couldn't wait to get home and Yelp about this awesome place! The bar was pretty full when we got there around 7 and we saw the fireplace in the dining room and decided to have a nice romantic roomie date! 
We got a growler of Allagash White which was only $21 and filled each of our glasses around 4 times. averages to less than $3 a beer- awesome.
We split the mac and cheese as an app which was seriously heaven in my mouth. It had pulled pork in it with breadcrumbs, chives and the best cheese sauce ever! 
My roommate got the Philly Chicken which had like pretzel dough and a cheesy sauce mustard sauce. It was phenomenal. The chicken had a this crispy layer too which gave it the perfect texture with the smooth sauce.
I had the cheeseburger, which behind Mexican and wings is my favorite drinking food. This was awesome- cooked perfectly (MR) and is had smoked gouda, tomatoes, lettuce, ketchup, fried onions and a 'bacon spread'- O.M.G. it was delicious! And it came with a choice of fries or side salad, I got the salad with a raspberry honey mustard vinagrette...where can I buy this?! 
It was such a great meal and the service was on par. After having dinner, we sat on the couches by the fireplace to finish our growler. The only thing I was disappointed in was the fact that they didn't have a dessert menu, only a dessert of the day which today there was none :( I was hoping for some awesome chocolate mousse or something equally as mind blowing. 
I also really liked how dark it was in the dining room- setting the mood for me to get my buzz on! Prices were super decent- especially for me, a girl on a budget!
Growlers, awesome job- I'll be back!I love this place. It's nice enough to go to with a group of friends and get a few rounds. And it's good enough to take a date. And what a great job on designing the interior, very classy. Food is great and fairly priced. Go for the Jameson pulled pork- hefty portioning and only ten bucks, I believe. The turducken burger is good if you like gamier sandwiches. My advice, go with a group of good people, have scotch by the fireplace (real, not that gas bs) and play darts in the basement/mancave. Cheers.Wow, was the coconut chicken curry good or what!?! Pretty decent selection of brews, too, so I couldn't resist ordering a wheat beer or two for happy hour! Sitting around the fireplace with some new friends, in such a warm, friendly place, was awesome--definitely will be a) recommending to others and b) visiting again!!I did not have high expectations for this place. I was expecting a somewhat divey  atmosphere, and to my surprise Growlers turned out to be really nice!
Christina G. and I went as a party of 6 on a Friday night, without reservations.  After only  a short wait, the friendly host pushed two 4 tops together and got us set up. They didn't make a big deal that only four of us were eating, unlike other establishments I've been to.
They have a nice beer selection and to take home, you guessed it, growlers.  I ended up taking one home for the boyfriend, its something like $10 for the growler plus the cost of the beer (priced similarly to pitchers) and when you come back using the growler, you get 10% off the beer price. 
On to the menu. Growlers loves bacon! Which, really, who doesn't? I got the special Pork Belly BLT. The flavor was delicious with the sirracha mayo. My only complaint is I wish the pork belly were sliced thinner, because there were some bites where i felt like I was gnawing away trying to get through the chewiness.  My sandwich came with fries or a salad. I opted for the salad, and was pleasantly surprised that it wasn't simply a pile of mixed greens. There were diced tomatoes, and I chose an awesome raspberry mustard dressing. 
Christina G didn't love her sandwich as much as I loved mine. Apparently her side salad (with White Balsamic dressing) was tastier than her black bean edamame burger. Sad.
Other interesting menu items included tandori wings, pork belly tacos, and turducken!
Luckily for me, I pretty much have to go back now that I purchased that Growler.Nice place.  Bad Music.
Came here the other night for a few drinks.  Impressive beer/liquor selection.  Fair prices.  Friendly, knowledgeable staff.  Didn't eat but the food definitely looked good.
Only gripe was the terrible music that they were playing.  Picture BLASTING Foo Fighters, among other bad late 90s music.  I do like 90s music, just not what they were playing and at volume they were playing it.My wife and I found this gem last night!  The decor is awesome, very friendly staff and the food was a 10.  The truffle fries were delicious, as was the Quinoa salad with jumbo lump crab.  The black bean edamame burger was surprisingly good also! Very reasonably priced food and a great beer selection. This place is a home run.Recently went to Growlers reluctantly and was pleasantly surprised! With memories of the old Vesuvio in my mind, I was anticipating a not so warm, not so satisfying evening. Yes it's a pub, not fancy, but we were welcomed with a toasty fire on a cold night and seated right away since it was early. Impressive beer menu and one of the best burgers I've had in a long time. Pulled pork and bacon sandwich got raves, mac and cheese was delicious. Only negative was the cheesecake dessert which was absolutely dreadful, couldn't wait to get the taste of the tiny forkful out of my mouth! No one liked it and they graciously removed it from our bill. I will definitely be back , it is a welcome addition to the neighborhood.This place is a nice addition to the area. Re converted from an old Italian restaurant the atmosphere is most welcoming. There is minimal seating outdoors but plenty of space inside. The bar area is excellent with great service from the bartenders and the dining area is welcoming with a fireplace. Food was good as I dove into the Mac and cheese and a cheese plate while my friend devoured a tasty burger. I was bummed that they didn't offer the allegash white but the waitress was quick to recommend me a quick alternative. It is a dash bit pricey but you pay for the experience as well. These are the same owners as Time, Bar, and Vintage and have done an excellent job thus far.Really nice place to grab a beer. The bartenders were super nice and helpful. The drinks were very good. I didn't try the food but I'd come back for brunch. Good time, great areaFound Growlers doing a search for "wings" on yelp.  Great find.
Rolled in on a hot Saturday afternoon about 6.  Place was about empty, as was everything else around South Street, I guess because of the heat outside.  Downed a growler of wheat beer and three appetizers with my daughter - wings, truffle fries and mac and cheese.  Great bar food, wings were crispy, served steaming hot, and spiced just right.  Mac and cheese was not traditional, but a good twist with penne mac in smoked gouda sauce served on a bed of caramelized onions.  The truffle fries, well, were good truffle fries.
The prices were much more than reasonable.  All in all this was a good solid 4, until . . . 
I have for years suggested that restaurants needed an area with overstuffed couches for those of us who overindulge to lay down.   Growlers has done it! Sooo. . . go ahead, eat 'til you can't walk, and then lay down.  They have the couches!   Five stars!Was here the first time back in July. Bartender was laid back and knowledgeable. Stayed for a couple of drinks and didn't see much of the place as I stayed at the bar.
On a subsequent visit in September, I discovered there are quite a few different areas to sit/hang...darts downstairs, fireplace upstairs. I chose to sit outside on this glorious day, however. The dining room is set away from the bar, but I have to say that the bar area itself didn't get too loud considering how busy it was. 
Great beer list. As a craft snob, I was pretty happy with the offering and the bartender's knowledge of such. Pretty laid back atmosphere and there is just a chill vibe overall, as it doesn't seem like it is trying to be pretentious. Took a look at the food offerings and was intrigued by some of the offerings, but as I had already eaten prior, that will have to be reviewed on another visit.A friend of mine recently hosted an engagement party for my fiancée and myself at Growlers and it far exceeded any of our expectations. The setting was even more perfect than we thought when seeing it full of patrons on a normal weekend - they sectioned off an area by the fireplace for us and the cozy room was refined yet casual and exactly what we were hoping for as the first taste of our style in celebration for our upcoming wedding. Our guests raved about the food and drinks and the amazing service. The owner ensured that everything we needed was taken care of and that as the bride and groom, my fiancée and I always had a drink and food. The pulled pork mac and cheese was so great that we've been eating the leftovers for two days now. I really can't say enough good things about the whole experience.I went for a quick bite to eat yesterday and had a beer and the short rib sandwich. The sandwich was awesome as well as the beer. Beer list is awesome and the service at the bar was great. I can't remember his name but the guy with the blonde Mohawk was bartending and he was super polite and attentive. Will definitely be back soon :)This was my second time at Growlers. Gotta say I really enjoy it! I've enjoyed my food both times. They have GREAT craft beer selection and variety. Also, the ambiance is awesome. It's very cool and more importantly spacious! Hard to find a nice spacious bar in the city. There's a secluded little spot downstairs where you can play darts - very fun. Service was good. Attentive waitresses and servers. Growler's is awesome. I will be back.I would say that my semi-negative review here was largely influenced by the atmosphere and the crowd but the room is set up in a way that if there are any loud patrons (as there were on my night there) there is no protection or respite from them and so I blame the venue.  In fact the decor is nice and the room feels cozy with a fire place and wood trim.
I came in for dinner.  Much of the room was occupied by a fairly large wedding party which we discovered when the people on one side of us started taking flash photos of the people on the other side of use, with us in the middle.  Once again you can't really blame the venue for the rude behavior of the guests but why would they seat us in the midst of such a shit show.
As I mentioned there was one obnoxiously loud patron, part of the wedding party, whose laugh just made me want to walk up and punch him in the face in order to render him incapable of ever laughing like that again.  I am generally a peacenik so the fact that he affected me this way is notable.  Aside from Mr. Big Mouth and the constant flashing across our table the general noise level was nearly unbearable.
I believe that my date (who was the one to select this place) was telling me about her day at work but for all I know she was sharing with me the secret to cold fusion.  Alas, I'll never know because she got frustrated with having to repeat everything and clammed up.  I think she wanted me to sock Mr. Big Mouth too and maybe my make love not war tendencies lost me the opportunity for the love part.
Honestly, if we had not already ordered the food we would probably have moved on.  The food, when it came out, reasonably fast, was decent but not worth returning for.  We gobbled up as quickly as we could, paid the bill and high tailed it out of there, both of us Glaring at Mr. Big Mouth as we walked by.Places like growlers need to exist so people who live on the cusp ( south philadelphians) can have somewhere cool to go where its still socially acceptable to drink post flyers game and act a fool.
 We met the craziest couple here this past saturday night and though they were rowdy they were super nice and shared the couch space with Chris and I. 
I deduct one star because i do not like Jim Beam and thats what they make their old fashions with ( blah) .I was a huge fan of our server who rocked it out getting drinks and checking in on us.I looked at the menu and had i not just eaten i would have ordered the fondue. It was a great chill way to spend my saturday evening and id go back.New favorite place in Philly!!  The staff was absolutely amazing! So friendly and so welcoming and I really respect a waitstaff that lets you finish every single drop of your drink before asking to take it away. The food was outstanding!  If you have not had the pork belly BLT you are really missing out!Great food, great atmosphere.Authentic flare. Took a friend there for dinner last night and he was in Love.  I can't give them a five this time ordered a salad that tasted phenomenal however  I asked for no bacon and there was bacon! such a minor yet major disappointment to a great meal. The communal Fire place is a great conversation piece for winter networking and meet ups. I will be back!Grabbed a few beers with a friend here one night. Definitely need to go back. Excellent atmosphere, great vibe, lengthy drink selection. Highly recommend  checking it out.Our growler had flat beer!! Gross! And what a waste! On the plus side, their pulled pork Mac and cheese was delicious!! I would only go there again for take-out. I don't trust their beer. Sorry!!Loved this place. Only went once, but it's big, has a great ambiance, great happy hour, and the food looked pretty darn good (even though I didn't order any...this time). Can't wait to visit Philly again and go back to this place!