GNot bad.
We ordered two hot dogs. One Memphis style with BBQ pork the other Chicago style with chili, onions, and relish.
The hot dogs were more like mild "hot sausages". They looked nothing like any hog dog I'd ever seen but they were good, nonetheless. The bun was HUGE like Amoroso Hoagie HUGE.  It was so huge we pulled massive pieces of bread away from the hot dog before we even ate it. The bread masked the taste of the BBQ and Chili which were both . But they were so skimpy with it......
The fries,my friends,were definitely NOT fresh cut. They were frozen and ours were overcooked.
On to the jalapeño bacon tots.....They weren't mind blowing but they were very good. 
In hindsight I wish I would have gotten something that highlighted the chili or the BBQ.Were it not for some word of mouth from trusted friends, I'd have never tried this South Philly gem. They are only open for breakfast and lunch, which is fine by me as they are my 2 favorite meals of the day. 
It's a small, clean and welcoming establishment. The host/server is friendly, helpful and engaging. The menu is split up into Breakfast and Lunch and I assure you, you will find a number of items that are unique, that you will want to come back again to try. I almost wished I was more into sweet breakfast fare because some of the options looked fantastic. 
I was somewhat overwhelmed by the choices until someone pointed out that the special was a meatloaf sandwich with egg. Amazing. It rivals Paesanos in its decadence. The meatloaf was about as flavorful as it gets. Add to that, cheese, a fried egg and a latke-like hash brown and you have an idea how good it was. There was a seasoning in the sandwich that I can't pinpoint, but it lingers with me ( in a good way) even as I write this a few hours removed. 
Overall, this was as good a breakfast experience as you could ask for. Delco people, who are fans of the famous Hungry A will love it. It was also a nice touch watching History of the World Part 1 as I ate and chatting with one of the owners.The service started out very attentive but once we were there for more than 45 minutes and our food didn't come out yet we began to be ignored because they felt awkward which understandable but still the right thing to do would have been to address the issue, apologize and possibly comp the food that came out after most were finished eating. It was frustrating we had made a reservation hours before we were there and they should have prepped for a party of 7. We were very disappointedAfter checking out the pictures I think I may give this place another try. Excited to see the oh so very hard to find biscuits and gravy on their menu, I couldn't wait to order from this place. I finally caught them before closing one day. They didn't have the jalapeño bacon wrapped tots but they did have the biscuits and gravy. It was a few months ago but I definitely remember it was well below my expectations. Hopefully it was a fluke. A place with a menu like this, has to know what they're doing...right? Considering the circumstances...I did order just before closing on a weekend. Oh...and overcharged...I'm still going to try again. :-/Stumbled upon this place and was pleasantly surprised. This place has a great vibe and the food is delicious! I had the breakfast burrito and it was huge! The burrito was full of flavor and fresh ingredients. I also really appreciated the multiple vegetarian options. The service was outstanding and the waitress made is feel like we were regulars! I will definitely be back next time I'm in the area.We were in Pennsylvania for a wedding, so took advantage of the opportunity to sightsee a bit. We wanted breakfast at a local spot, and Cousin's did not disappoint! The server (might have been the owner) was kind and helpful. The restaurant was not busy, and she took excellent care of us.
The menu was amazing! I had Salted Caramel French Toast...wow! My wife at pancakes and loved them. We also had bacon and eggs, which tasted just like home cooking...I mean real, fried bacon and eggs cooked in the bacon grease. I'm back home in Texas and still want to return to Cousin's Grubhouse for breakfast!
The server did tell us that they are very busy on weekends due to brunch, and that service can be slow because the kitchen is small. We were there on a Thursday morning and had great, quick service. 
Can't wait to return!Went here today with some friends and the food was great (minus a few issues). Personally, I got the Key Lime French Toast since I love things all Key lime pie. Unfortunately it fell a bit flat for me. I wanted the whipped cream on the side, but it came all slopped on top and since they french toast is hot, it just kind of curdles and was gross. I scraped most of it away though, so no big deal. Mine came out last and I think in a rush to get things out quickly the chef forgot to cook the other side of my french toast. One side was perfect and crispy while the other side was soggy wet like it was just dipped in the egg batter but not put on the grill top. However everyone else's meal was amazing, tots with gravy, homemade biscuits, salted caramel french toast and the crispy birds nest home fries were enough to give this place 4 stars even though my meal wasn't that great. The service was perfect and our waitress was really personable and made us feel welcome. I will for sure be back here to try all the brunch items!Pretty darn tasty with great staff to top it off! We did brunch for a large group. Everyone's food came out tasty. And cheap! Very refreshing to get great food with a yummy twist under $12 bucks! I got coffee, bacon and buckwheat pancakes annnndd a bacon snickerdoodle for $12! Plus the pancakes were topped with strawberries and chocolate whip. She added their vanilla bourbon whip along side just because I was curious. We'll be back!The food is hit or miss. When it's a hit (the salted caramel french toast) it's a huge hit but when it's a miss (the soggy breakfast burrito) it's a huge miss. I would give this place another chance because it has great potential (even with the goofy hours)I've been meaning to post a review for awhile and now that I'm headed there again for breakfast, I didn't want to miss the chance to sing some Grubhouse praises?! The first time I went was on Mother's Day. If you know anything about brunch on Mother's Day you know I'm cray for even trying to do it. But there was no cray at Grubhouse. No waiting, no confused and flustered staff. Just AMAZING BREAKFAST! The menu is short yet still hard to choose from because everything sounds like a winner. They use local and fresh ingredients to create classics and twisted versions of all your fave breakfast things. Parking in the area can be a challenge, but this hidden gem is worth the minor hassle. Eat here soon!I ordered delivery which came pretty quickly, I got the chicken and waffles which the description said served with maple syrup, hot sauce & sausage gravy. 
In my opinion when you put something of such high expectations like chicken and waffles on your menu you better bring it! 
Waffle would have been more enjoyable if it was crispy, it was pretty soggy but getting Togo probably had a lot to do with that. 
The chicken breast was lightly battered and deelish my only complaint is that for 12$ I should be getting a larger breast or 2 breast because I had way more waffle than chicken. 
The hot sauce was weird reminded me of salsa verde my taste buds weren't expecting Mexican. I would have preferred more of a red simple country hot sauce to compliment my syrup. Speaking of the syrup it was pretty basic they could defiantly stepped it up a notch! Even some log cabin would have taken it to the next level. 
And lastly the gravy. A white country style sausage gravy that I was excited to try, it was pretty tasty needed a pinch of salt and maybe some pepper but other then that texture and great flavors. Pretty good meal over all but I really think they could tweak a few things and make this a real hit.The Grubhouse is a winning breakfast spot and luncheonette on West Passyunk Avenue in South Philly.  It uses fresh ingredients to craft interesting dishes.  Sit at the counter or at a table and eat away.  Probably the single most famous item on the menu are the bacon wrapped  jalapeño poppers which are indeed flavorful.  I loved the vegan sandwich that I recently had for lunch.  I think it was called Sit 'n Spin and it had everything in it from vegan sausage to home fries to avocado.  If you live in Girard Estates or deep south Philly, this spot should def be on your radar.  But even if you don't, it's worth finding!As far as food is concerned their breakfasts are great..atmosphere clean, quiet was not many tables filled when we went..upon that visit we had a great waitress who we talked to for a while.  BUT..today i ordered via delivery and was quite opposite..the girl who took the order over the phone sounded clueless as to any questions about things on the menu..she sounded like i bothered her by calling very disinterested and miserable sounding..and absolutely clueless as she took my credit info twice..(she get nos. mixed up apparently) ..then upon delivery the guy tells me the price asking cash!  I told him i phoned w/card but another clueless employee i guess he had no phone to check on this..and took my bag of food and rode off...lol.  So quite annoyed i talked to the boss i imagine..he asked once again for my card no (this makes 3 times)..and said it would be redelivered..by now i can eat my right arm..im so hungry.. anyhow..the meal was ok.. the filet mignon sandwich was very good, tater tots very good..but the hot dog w/chilli was tough dry and not all that tasty.. i hope to go again..but not with the lame help they have there..and definately will not place an order by phone with the same girl who apparently needs training she must have just got the just this afternoon?!?..shame i really thought this a great place..seen it a number of times..but never stopped in..i imagine this is not the owners who had it previously..dont know.. as the prior establishment was there forever but i never stopped in..After a few times at Grubhouse I'm calling it a 5.  I had the best breakfast sandwich of my life here.
It was a special, so I'm not sure when it will make its way back on the menu.  It did have sausage and pork roll and banana mayo and bacon fat onions and a bourbon pineapple sauce.  It was absolutely amazing in all aspects.  It didn't fall apart when I ate it (which is a pet peeve of mine) and this sandwich hit all five elements of taste for me.
Let's talk other breakfast items.  Even one of the simple, two eggs and homefries is taken to another level here.  There are plenty of places that phone this one in, but not Grubhouse.  It's done right.
Another time, I opted for the special of grits with hot sauce, cheddar and fried chicken skin.  This was just another world of good.  The spice level was perfect and the fried chicken skin was simply marvelous.  Indulgent, but marvelous.
You're going to get great food here for a reasonable price.  The food is made the hard way where the key ingredients are time and love.  I think the staff here is putting everything they've got into their product and it shows.Food was fine.  I ordered eggs, toast, sausage, home fries and coffee.  It was good but I was surprised at the price.  Almost $16 for what I ordered.Let me start by saying the waittress was awesome.  Accomodating and knowledgeable! However, she tripped and fell with an order of hash browns, no big deal, shit happens n it was only hashbrowns.  However, its not good business when she goes in the back and we can hear the guy in charge screaming at her, Making himself look like an a$$hole.  Even worse, he then sends out our food, which ill get to in a minute, with not one, but two hairs in seperate dishes. An eyelash in our hashbrowns and a full out hair inbedded in the french toast.  Yell at yourself dude.  Then when the waitress goes to take it off our bill, (we only told her bout the french toast ) he again gives her attitude, saying she should have just gave us another one...no thanks man, appetite was gone. Lastly, its kinda dirty/uninviting in there...excusable if the food wows, but add hairs to that and im skeeved out.  The food was nothing special, even though we didnt finish our food.  We ordered the breakfast eggrolls and eggs w pumpkin walnut french toast. I know, it sounds awesome but it was just ok.  I wish i got something other than the eggrolls, idk, it just sounded good.  The porkroll inside was basically absent..the tiniest, thinnest porkroll..along w eggs wrapped n fried.  The FT was good until the hair. This joint needs an update, not to mention an attitude change from the guy yelling in back. It makes shit weird to hear you hollering. Wont be back..not w miles table, sabrinas, and co. AroundMy wife and I are so lucky to have this place in our neighborhood!
I love the breakfast burrito. I'm Mexican and had try many different Mexican restaurants all over and they can't compete to GRUBHOUSE breakfast  burrito GRANDE!5 stars, more if I could!  Passyunk ave for brunch - try anything once.  WE'LL BE BACK!!! Taste buds are dying from pure happiness!!!!!!Small but cute. Empty when we came in, service was good. Waiter was very friendly. Food came out in a timely manner. I got the vegan sit n spin sandwich which was one of my better vegan meals. My bf got the chicken and waffles which he raved about. I also got the mexican chocolate brownie but that was a little dry as most vegan baked goods are lol. All in all, a solid choice! We will definitely be back!This place is charming, clean, small (6-8 total tables) and tasty, in a not so lovely, difficult to find and park part of town.  Once you get past that, things get better.
Before you order, be sure to read the specials on the three blackboards on the back walls, since they describe dishes that look innovative and tasty, and the waitress does not mention them in the ordering process (our experience).
I ordered the grande burrito (the one with chorizo) with sausage gravy, and it was outstanding, moist and a little spicy, and large.  Jamie got the biscuits and gravy, which was solid, if not big (1 medium sized biscuit), soaked with a nice conventional sausage gravy, excellent spicy green sauce, and mindfully prepared fried eggs.
Owner Jim is friendly and accommodating, and is not a Cowboys fan, par for this neck of the woods :)The Grubhouse has an updated look that is very welcoming.  Everything that came out looked very tasty. I decided on the Peppers & Eggs sandwich. It was fantastic. Coffee was very good too, much better than most diner coffee.  Owner and the waitress were very friendly to guests.  Cool neighborhood hang out....seems to be drawing more of a foodie crowd.  My 11 year old daughter had the pancake special with caramel and the dark chocolate sugar.  She devoured it. My 12 year old got chicken fingers for breakfast which I thought was ridiculous, but I tried the fingers and they were very good too....more like cutlets.  To sum it up, great food, pleasant service, relaxing atmosphere.A fun take on comfort food and breakfast. My friends and I met up here for breakfast, and the first thing that I noticed (besides how small the establishment was) is the specials and drawings that are all over the chalkboard painted walls. Double chocolate Nutella biscotti? Yes please! Salted caramel French toast? Oui, oui! 
My husband got the breakfast burrito (which can also have sausage gravy over it or chorizo inside if you'd like), and it was fabulous, flavorful, and filling. 2 of my other friends got the bacon cakes and the chicken and waffles- also excellent. The tater tots are so good (as are the bacon tots), although a little salty. Many of the menu items are normal breakfast food with a comfort food/Southern touch or with a foodie add-on, and the results are great.
This place has fun character- the OJ is served in cute mason jar mugs. Our waitress was great- funny, fast, and attentive. 
Luckily, I don't live close enough to go here too often (or else I would probably have a heart attack), but all of my friends and I definitely agreed that we will be back--- and soon.This is a little south philly gem! They make the best pancakes, service is great! Prices are reasonable. Please come and eat!!Is the food good? I guess it's, but definitely it's not good at all with poison. What happened, the stupid ownen decide to use chemical material to clean the floor while we are having our breakfast. I could not continue eating, other woman she was with her new born baby very angry and upset. I had to end my meal and leave angry, but he did not even care. Anybody who works in food industry  has to have a health certificate to k ow how to feal with food. I don't recommend anybody who care about his health to go to that place.8/23/15
Incredibly cute tucked in restaurant with room for a max of 25 people between the counter and tables. Adorably decorated, clearly family owned and run. 
Under all this quaintness lies rotten mushrooms, moldy sour cream and an unclean grill. No; you can't see the grill but you shouldn't taste and see the grit of it in your greasy eggs. The hash browns are frozen straws that are seared so fast that the water doesn't have time to get out slowly and thus causes a burning on the outside and the inside is still frozen when served. 
The service was fine; order was correct, few check-ins, polite and we never waited for a seat or more water. 
If the food wasn't concerning enough, the atmosphere was knife cuttingly thick. The male owner was in a continuously rotten mood and he didn't care who knew, i.e. 2 people walked in and sat down, within 30 seconds the male owner pops his head into the back/grill area and yells "there are people out here that aren't being served!!" 1 server, 10 seated tables, not a Steven Starr restaurant, relax. 
Last and worst... My girlfriend started having diarrhea within 3 hours of leaving this restaurant. I only ate the pancakes after seeing the rotten mushrooms in my omelette. We thought the burrito was safe, it's not either. We won't be back until this place is under new management and passes a safety inspection.The place to go in South Philly that is slightly off the beaten track for some offbeat food & atmosphere.  Is brunch overrated?  Not when you BYOB your ass over here with friends, kids and/or lovers... it's a chill spot that accommodates all types.  
They have really fun and tasty specials on the chalkboard.  You can get breakfast or lunch (duh) and a side of sass with your order to boot.  Yay sassiness!  
Grubhouse is just an agreeable place to eat where you can relax and chow down without having to pretend you are tragically hip... cuz that's just too exhausting when all you really want is some delicious food.Everything we tried was amazing! My personal favorites were the salted caramel french toast, and the chicken tacos. The root beer bbq pulled pork and jalapeno bacon tater tots are also fantastic.  The grubhouse has a great variety, you won't be disappointed!Perfect for a casual breakfast! Easy atmosphere, friendly neighborhood vibe. Lots of single dinners that all engaged in conversation with each other and the server. It's the kind of place you want to have your coffee every morning. Super affordable, yummy food, an easy choice. Check it out!Haven't had a meal I didn't love on the 5 occasions I've visited. As Fishtown residents, we are willing to go far out of our way for Grubhouse brunch dates. 
I've been a steady fan of the french toast and have recently fallen in love with the spicy chicken sandwich. You can't go wrong here. 
P.S. Thank you to the servers and staff for your kindness and for treating your visitors like family.
Cheers!It's breaking my heart to give them a bad review. Everyone is so nice but my last experience here was AWFUL, the food was inedible. The bacon was obviously burnt (why would they send burnt bacon out of the kitchen ) and the french toast was undercooked. It's sad to see a restaurant with great potential heading in this direction.My go-to place on the way to the Philly airport whenever I'm in town. Just so good and different. Breakfast and lunch served all the time from 9 am to 3.  Small, but never seems crowded. Love their pancakes.  The bacon wrapped tots are what your inner elementary school self will love!!  I have had the egg roll breakfast and it's great..deep fried..FYI, but so good.South Philly knows how to blend comfort food and haute cuisine better then any place I know and Grubhouse is a prime example.
I had the grande breakfast burrito smothered in sausage gravy... All I can say is holy rhymes with luck. Hands down one of the best breakfast burritos I've ever had... and I've lived in southern Cali and Texas.
Fair prices and friendly service...I am looking forward to my next visit!Really cute luncheonette with scrumptious, high quality food and great service. Reasonably sized portions and about 20% less then fancy CC spots. Convenient place to stop on the way from/to big box shops at 26 & Oregon.BYOB! it may look like a sketchy area but the restaurant itself has an old school small town local diner vibe. the wait was really long but well worth it. The food tastes way better than it looks. And the portions are very fair. We all rolled out of here very satisfied and the bill came out to around 10$ each for one breakfast plate and OJ.Excellent food and service! Great neighborhood spot.
With a large family (four kids), it's not always easy to find local spots. Grubhouse was perfect! Menu had something for everyone and we didn't break the bank doing it. Thanks!DELISH! 
Wasn't sure how it was going to be because when we called to make a reservation, the person on the phone laughed because no one does that. My family of four got enough food for about eight people, and we enjoyed every bit of it. From the Bacon Cakes to the Jalapeno Tots to the Special Artichoke Burrito, it was all scrumptious. Our waitress Susan had a dry sense of humor which was entertaining, although I think she was more entertained by us. I would definitely go back the next time I'm in Philadelphia!Don't miss this place.
Amazing food.We've slowly been working our way through the menu over the past few months and have yet to be disappointed.
If you want an amazing breakfast do yourself a favor and get the breakfast burrito with chorizo and gravy.  They have a legit southern biscuit and gravy with a philly spin -- and finally no canned gravy unlike the grossness I've gotten elsewhere.
The specials are always awesome and a great change of pace. The barbeque sandwich, bacon wrapped tater tots, and bevy of hot dogs are incredible. The staff are friendly and great. Don't forget to get a baked good to take home - the elvis cookies or cornflake cookies are a favorite.
You can't go wrong here.Breakfast was fantastic!  We were able to do some menu origami and have both breakfast and lunch stuff. First, the bacon wrapped jalapeño tater tots are out of this world.  I had the the grande wet breakfast burrito - loved the gravy and the chorizo!  My husband had the disco chicken biscuit and that was great also.  We definitely recommend this spot!!!My first Yelp review  -  I use the site all the time, but have never felt inclined to write.  This is the kind of place that deserves it - looking back on older reviews, it's clear the restaurant has undergone some significant changes.
I had seen some online social media coverage for this place, so I gave it a shot around noon on a verrrry snowy Saturday.  it's definitely off the beaten path for me - my knowledge of Passyunk doesn't extend past Broad St - but even in the terrible weather (thank you, all-wheel drive), I was determined. And I was REWARDED.
This is a diner, and it's the best parts of what a diner should be. Plenty of options, and affordable.  The menu, which I was told has been recently reduced and reworked, provided plenty of wide ranging options - from pancakes to french toast to eggs (of every sort) to bacon & jalapeno wrapped tater tots.  My eventual selection was on the blackboard.  And it was $4. FOUR DOLLARS. It was the chef's weekend special, grits, cheddar, corn chorizo, and a fried chicken skin.  Scrumptious. The chicken skin was a nice touch, crispy with a little meaty flavor. If I can add a picture, I will.  I'm not a grits person, but I may be now.  The meal was a perfect balance of flavors - not too much cheese, and the grits were perfectly done.  Oh, and the HOT SAUCE they used. delish.
While I was waiting for the food (they weren't magic grits, after all), the chef offered a new type of homemade muffin he was working on (though, he gave credit to 'Susan' for the recipe). Chocolate chip and rum raisin. The interior was gooey and warm - but not scalding hot - and the outside had a soft texture that yielded a slight crunch when bitten into.  It was SO good, I bought one of their other muffins to go - an oreo muffin, which was, without a doubt, in my top 5 of all-time-muffins.
So, summary: tons of choices, the stuff I had was excellent, and it was more than fairly priced. I will be back, and with friends.This place is terrible. On Sunday we ordered wanted brunch and cruised Eat24 for somewhere nearby to order from. Clearly, choosing this place was a mistake. Not only did it take 75 minutes to arrive, the food was really bad. It was the worst omelet I've ever eaten and so-so french toast. I definitely will not be eating here again.Went to Grubhouse with the Brunch club and it was a great experience. This place is BYO which always is a plus and they had some beer waiting for us. The prices are low, the food is great, and the service is very good. The only thing that got me skeptical was my hamburger. I like my meat cooked medium-rare and both me and my best friend ordered burgers cooked medium-rare. it was extremely well done which threw me off a little as it made the burger difficult to eat. But beside that, I really loved everything about the place and I will go back to try some of their breakfast food.Went there for breakfast with the kids. I was visiting Philly and was looking for a place to eat breakfast.   We found the lace through yelp.  My first impressions is that it was a local place who has a good following. For us being the first time in the area it was kind of hard to find parking but once we did I m glad we made the trip. We had pancakes (they were excellent) and the egg roll breakfast (didn't really like it). Things on other tables looked very good. Loved the vibe of the place.Great for vegans! All you have to do is write in the description when ordering "totally vegan" and they will make it vegan. I even got a note from the cook! It was great!Had to make an update after my last visit. Since my friend's and I had such a great time the first time I went, I took my girlfriend there. It was as if the place took a complete 180. The service from the same waitress was completely different, she was almost just not there mentally. While my girlfriend was ordering she said something like "my boyfriend loved it here so much when he came a couple weeks ago, that he decided to bring me here to try it". Absolutely no response.
Both of our meals came with sausage gravy and it was just a watered down tasteless roux. The bacon wrapped jalepeno tater tots were pretty great though. I'm guessing maybe the restaurant was just having a really off day last weekend. There are still things on the menu I want to try, but I don't know if I'll be back to try them.Place is great! Been here a handful of times so far, and the service and food are on point. Get the pulled chicken and waffles, or you're doing it wrong.Based on previous reviews, it looks like I caught the place on a bad day.
I ordered a platter, with an omelet and homefries.  The eggs were a bit liquidy and the homefries were very greasy.  
However, my husband ordered the chicken and waffles and they were awesome.  So, it wasn't a great first impression, but I am inclined to give it another shot.  **fingers crossed**This place is awesome.  The food is all home made momma sunday breakfast or lunch goodness.  Homemade baked goods - bagels and englkish muffins.  Hash browns the best.  Sausage gravy - yumyum.  In house smoked bacon - the best.  And the server - Susan - wonderful person.  My friend and I went for the first time last Saturday.  Had a great brekkie.  We went back the nezt day with my daughter and her hubby and my freind and two bottles of champaign.  BYOB mimosas.This place is sucks, me and my gf we went to this place and the waitress wasnt nice at all, she dont even smile or talk to us about the food but she did talk to other customers, why? Bcause we are asians and the other customers are americans? She seems so racist and the owner and the cook too, we feel like they are just so racist to asian people becausethey greet happy new year to the other caucasian customers. This is the second time and last time i gonna come.same treatment on first visit to us.The baconcakes and chili(beef or vegetarian) are surefire winners. They're willing to experiment with flavors and go outside the box with some of the typical diner fare(try the Disco Biscuit, when it's availabe). Rotating specials keep the menu fresh, and the imaginative desserts in the case always make for a good take-home treat. With the only true caveat being their limited hours and location, it doesn't take away from what keeps me coming back: the comforting food and relaxed, friendly atmosphere.Was never actually inside here.. But love it for their delivery. Even though it's a $15 minimum they're a great choice as they're polite, fast, and of course the food is yummy. Veggie burger has a lot of texture it's not your average bean patty. It holds together well and with lettuce tomato and cheese its that great American staple food we all love. Fries naturally get a little soggy during delivery but still tasty! They do breakfast too.
It's a top choice when you just want to be hungover and munchin while watching Netflix marathons.Had lunch at Grubhouse with a friend yesterday. We usually hit a South Philly diner institution on Thursdays, but decided to try something new - and were SO glad we did!  The menu is creative (although could use more veggies and/or healthy options?), and we both struggled with our orders. We decided to each get specials and come back to try items on the standard menu (yes, the menu is THAT creative!).  I had the pizza eggs with garlic toast and added the peppers and Italian sausage - AMAZING.  I practically licked the plate!  My friend had the PB Chicken sandwich.  Peanut butter and chicken, you ask?  YES - essentially a pulled chicken sandwich with a Thai-inspired peanut sauce.  She was very happy.  We will be back to try the salted caramel french toast, the elvis, and the cuban, and...  I'm sure many other dishes!  (OH - and 5 stars for the PRICE, our food was cheaper than at our old diner AND twice as tasty!)Just got eggs toast and has browns, but i do like the inventive way they bring out the potatoes. Very small inside, so even though I came on a Thursday morning, I had to sit at the counter. Worth coming to try though!Finding venues for brunch club has become an increasingly difficult task in recent months. Trying to find a place that allows the BYO option with a vegan/veg friendly menu or at the very least a chef willing to make alterations to the menu to accomodate the wide variety of brunchers that come out on a monthly basis is harder than you'd think. A few months ago, Vinny P. told me that he had a secret about where our friend Christopher R. was going to be taking his cooking skills as he had recently left Brauhaus Schmitz and had been on the down low for awhile. When I heard that Grubhouse was where he had taken up residency and that Yelp friend Gale S. was going to be doing the baking, I knew that a brunch club trip to southwest Philadelphia would have to happen. I set the date and watched the RSVP's flood in; a typical brunch club yields 10-15 diners...this one clocked in at a whopping 32! Jim (the owner of Grubhouse) was more than accomodating and only asked that we move the time of the event from 11am to noon so that they could shut down the restaurant for us.
Chris turned out solid grub for all 32 in a reasonable time frame especially since he was alone in the kitchen, Gale rocked at taking all of the orders and making sure that the water and coffee were free flowing, and Jim went out of his way to take care of our crew. Not only did they set up an OJ station for anyone looking to make mimosas/screw drivers/beermosas, but they brought extra beer in for us. Everyone's order looked awesome, my biscuit with sausage gravy and eggs was delicious...I jokingly told Gale that I wanted a container of gravy to take home and she asked if I was serious, that she could make it happen. I opted against the offer just because I didn't want to have to carry it around for the rest of the day, but damn if that wasn't the stuff that dreams are made of. Michelle's grande burrito drenched in gravy looked as good as she said it tasted, and Art was a huge fan of his sausage, pepper, and egg sandwich. From looking around the room it looked like our crew managed to order one of everything on the menu and everyone had a smile on their face. 
I know a lot of people initially look at the location and say "man, that's far from me" but street parking is abundant and a walk on a nice day isn't terrible...I made it from 7th and South to 23rd and Passyunk with a pit stop at Bottle Shop in 45 minutes. I will absolutely be back again, why spend an hour of your life waiting on the sidewalk watching everyone else eat at frou frou brunch spots when you can be seated and have an equally if not better brunch for half the price in half the time at Grubhouse?
**Huge thanks to Jim for taking such good care of my brunch club and for the invitation to host another event in the future. Thanks also to Chris for rocking the kitchen and Gale for being so attentive and handling our huge crew with style and grace. See you all again real soon!Great little mom and pop breakfast/brunch joint in South Philly. Features comforting food and chill, dinery vibes. It's a bit out of the way, but well worth the trek!
We visited on a Sunday at lunch, and were pretty much the only ones dining in.  The service was good, but we felt a tiny of out of place, as this seems like the kind of spot that mostly caters to locals and regulars.
The menu is full of awesome options, but they were featuring a whole board of "hot chicken" specials that we just couldn't resist. I chose the hot chicken and waffles with a side of cheesy scrambled eggs, and my sister settled on the hot chicken sandwhich. Their choices for sides are basically all potato based (tots, fries, hash-browns), but they were nice enough to throw together a side salad for my sister.
The food was simple but totally fantastic! The crunchy cornmeal coating the fried chicken totally makes it. My waffle was light and fluffy, and my sister's bun was soft and buttery and perfectly toasted. 
If you're looking for a low key, delicious breakfast, brunch, or lunch, give Grubhouse a try!This was really good restaurant but unfortunately is closed they doing a Thai food restaurant now but ohhh this spot was awesome sadly they close downDelicious pancakes! The bourbon vanilla whip cream is amazing. I wish we discovered this place sooner. Can't wait to try more!After all these years I'm still a fan. There has been some changes to the menu, for the better. I love the I live nearby because every time I want a sweet, savory or both type of food I always know where to go. 
The pork roll eggroll is absolutely the most delicious and divine design this establishment has ever created. Don't get me started on the weekly bacon specialty specials that changes, my mind is blown. From thick cut maple, beer braised and so many others, they do bacon right, the way it should be done. 
Keep up with the good work, I'll continue to be a customer and I always look forward to dining here.I haven't come back to this place since it was called cousins but now it updated it's regular breakfast menu to something that rivals Sabrina's or any other trendy brunch menu in the city.  It was hard to decide with all the options.  I ordered the Burrito Grande and the portion was more than enough. It tasted amazing and I was very pleased. I also had a "Elvis cookie" as a dessert. It was a chocolate chip cookie with butterscotch and bacon. Another gem of the place was the very friendly and delightful waitress with her glowing smile!Cute little brunch spot in a forgotten corner of the Passayunk corridor.  I came with a group of 4 for a late brunch.  The breakfast burrito was awesome!  Full of fresh veggies and beans with a few home made tortilla chips on the side, it really hit the spot.  The pulled pork sandwich was also excellent, with just a hint of spice to its root beer based sauce.  The chicken tenders are made there and hand pounded, served with an assortment of interesting dipping sauces.  The tots were perfectly cooked, and the jalapeno bacon tots were also excellent, although there were only 5 or 6 of them... I can't see you needing more.
I hope Grubhouse does really well for themselves, while still maintaining that hidden gem status so I can surprise my friends with this place!Came to visit my boyfriend and I wanted some good breakfast. So I found this place based on the area where we are staying at and checked out the reviews first. He ordered a omelette and french toast. I ordered a veggie burger and fries u have to order as well. His food was good and my veggie burger was the best burger I have ever had in my life. The young lady that helped us was super nice and we will definitely go back on my next trip out here. We had no complaints!!!I went here for the Yelp Brunch club. It was a pretty good atmosphere. They have very original breakfast foods such as chamomile and orange grits, as well as a salted caramel french toast. I myself got the heart attack dog (bacon wrapped hot dog with chili and cheese on top) as well as some tater tots on the side. I got a pretty healthy portion of tater tots and ended up sharing with my two friends who got burgers (amazingggg burgers btw). I also tried some of the salted caramel french toast. Couldn't really taste the salted caramel but the French toast itself was awesome.
Cheap, fun, and I'll definitely try to go again.Breakfast was so freakin' good! Highly recommend the grande breakfast burrito and the banana pecan waffles with bourbon maple syrup!We have driven past here a zillion times and had no idea just what to expect. We were so pleasantly surprised! 
We came here for a late lunch and walked into the small corner shop which had totally laid back 50's diner vibe complete with a long counter, classic round bar stools, specials written on chalkboards and food served in those red plastic baskets. Diggin' it. 
Just coming back from Memphis & Nashville, this was a perfect stop to give me all of those southern, home-cooked, comfort food feels I was craving. With items on the menu such as Memphis dogs, chicken and waffles, hush puppies, biscuits and gravy and get this... The Elvis Melt!! Hello, South Philly meets southern! Awesome! 
Classic breakfast items as simple as eggs two ways with toast, to omelettes and veggie burritos are available as well as some "trendier" items such as breakfast egg rolls and salted caramel French toast too. 
TONS of vegan items as well! Vegan grilled cheese! Yeah baby! 
We split the sampler which included hush puppies, bacon wrapped jalapeño tots, and fried pickles served with BBQ sauce and some kind of sweet cream. The hush puppies were TO DIE FOR and the bacon wrapped jalapeño tots were the sole reason for my husband's visit. The pickles weren't my favorite pickles I've had. A tad dry. 
I ordered the Elvis Melt sans bacon and let me tell you, it was better than the one I had in the oldest diner in Memphis where Elvis used to eat his!!! It's was bananas! Yes, pun intended. A must try! I could barely finish a half it was so thick, dense and stuffed with deliciousness. 
Kids had the grilled cheese which was on nice thick bread and oozing with melty goodness. We ordered the free tots that came with the check in too. Very, very good! They have a seasoning that is perhaps a tad spicy for kiddos. 
Hubs got the breakfast egg rolls and liked them a lot. No skimping on meats and eggs there. 
They are BYOB so bring the champs and enjoy your mimosas. 
We were all every satisfied and would recommend this no frills, breakfast spot. But keep in mind that's what it is, no frills. If you're looking for "brunching" with girlfriends at a fancy place, this isn't it. It's very casual and a nice change from the other scene. 
We came on a Sunday around 1pm, parked right out front and  had no wait at all. Perfect.I don't eat out for breakfast a lot and when I do it really makes me wish I just stayed home.  Things opened up well with friendly service and great coffee.  Most restaurants serve colored water so right upfront this was a huge plus.  
I ordered the biscuits with gravy and a side of eggs for $6.00 and wasn't disappointed.  The gravy was rich and flavorfull and I almost ordered another biscuit to "sop" up it all up but managed without it.  The biscuit was freshly made, didn't have an out of the box or frozen flavor.  My side of eggs were light and fluffy opposed to that junk you get at a Denny's or standard diners.  
Solid gem in the land of cheesesteaks and soft pretzels.Friendly, check. Affordable, double check. Superhumanly fast in the kitchen, triple check. Hangover cures aplenty, quadruple check. Delicious, quintuple check.
Five checks, five stars.Stopped in on Sat afternoon for lunch, grabbed a stool at counter even though there were tables available. I decided on the pulled pork sandwich made with root beer bbq sauce and topped with slaw and it was delicious!!!! Pulled pork is usually my go to whenever it is offered on a menu and this one of the best I've had!!My family was in town to visit friends. We had breakfast at the Grubhouse. I love the old Philly style. My daughter had the salted caramel pancakes. I want more! Each bite had caramel and salt. Very satisfying. Can't wait to go back. I am going try to see if I can buy one old luncheonette coffee mugs too.As some other reviewers have mentioned, Grubhouse is off the beaten path for many. If you ask me, this only adds to its charm. They shut down the place to host a Yelp UYE for Sunday brunch, which was absolutely awesome of them. Considering the location and the volume of people they were serving with only three staff members, I have no doubt that this makes for a delicious, accessible (see: not waiting an hour to be seated) brunch spot even on weekends. 
The space is small, but even packed with people it only felt cozy, not cramped. There's a counter as well as the usual table-and-chairs setup, which is nice. I cannot stress enough how awesome the chalkboard walls are. In addition to lively, colorful drawings that make the place feel even more sunny and welcoming, they can print the specials in letters as tall as the average toddler. For those of us with poor vision, this is miraculous and a welcome departure from squinting awkwardly at menus printed in miniscule lettering behind the counter. 
I had the pancakes, which were sweet and fluffy and filling. Everyone I sat with seemed to really enjoy their meals too, and they smelled delicious (the meals, not the people, although they probably smelled fine too, I really can't remember). I was too full and sugared-out after pancakes to try any of the pastries they had on offer, but they sounded delicious. If you're looking for an inexpensive BYOB with great food for brunch, look no further!Best kept breakfast secret in Philly.  Happy to let everyone else clamor and wait to get into Sabrina's or Green Eggs ... I will comfortably ease into my weekend mornings here in South Philly.  Food is amazing...creative, delicious, good portions...great prices.  They have counter service which I love...reminds me of my childhood.  They also have four top tables.  And the staff is super pleasant and friendly.  If you made it this far into my review you should be getting yourself together (no need to get fancy) and heading down to The Grubhouse for some pancakes and eggs.Very interesting dishes. The space was a bit cramped but it gave us a real Philly experience. I was surprised that I enjoyed the fried pickles. The waitresses were very friendly.  Could've lived without the "vote make American great" on the chalkboard , overall it was nice. I would definitely go backToday I downloaded myfitnesspal, an app that track calories, because I ate (and drank-byob!) so much at Grubhouse this morning that I felt like maybe I should start keeping track of these things? But it was so cheap so I couldn't help myself!
Grubhouse shut down today for a Yelp UYE invasion, and it was pretty epic. We packed this place to capacity, and they handled it pretty well, considering there was one chef, one waitress and the owner serving 32 people! 
Gale S. is apparently responsible for the re-vamping of the walls of this place, which feature chalkboard illustrations and daily specials like chamomile grits and a ham and cheese with tomato jam. The chalkboarded walls give this place a cute atmosphere.
THE FOOD.
- Burrito Grande-One of the best breakfast burritos I've had in my life was only $8.50. Why have I ever paid more for a breakfast burrito? This question will haunt me.
-Chamomile Grits with orange syrup and candied pecanss were a hefty portion for only $4 and the flavors were super interesting.
-Biscuit and gravy with over easy eggs were also delicious (and only $6! I've practically had coffees that cost more). I was told to stop trying to get all the gravy/yolk remnants with my fork because it was embarrassing. Sorry not sorry.
-Also tried a bite (or 3) of scrapple (for the first time) and the chicken and waffles, both of which were great, although scrapple is super weird, but not grubhouse's fault.
We also paid $3 for unlimited drinks (coffee and OJ for our beermosas) and a pastry. The pastry I got (to go, because, did you notice I ate 3 entrees? I split them I swear) was a cookie which involved chips, pretzels, butterscotch chips, choc chips and marshmallows, and was incredible.
Everyone seemed pretty happy with their food and the owner was super nice.
My one complaint about this place is that it's so far away! But I could totally see myself taking a walk here on a sunny day in the spring or summer for this awesome (and cheap) food. You should go too! We can walk together!
Thanks to Rebecca S., Brunch UYE Queen for organizing this takeover!This place is fantastic. Today I had the salted caramel french toast and my wife had the fried green tomato and bacon sandwich, with arugula and garlic mayo.
Previously I had the biscuits and gravy and she had the Elvis melt.
Everything is fantastically delicious and comes out incredibly quick. The waitress was super friendly, and the bill for two breakfasts with coffee, plus tip, is less than 20 bucks.
PS - Get a hand pie on the way out. The selection rotates and they're all excellent.Just had the most amazing fried green tomato and bacon sandwich. Perfectly tart tomatoes balanced with bacon and finished with the garlic mayo. I feel like my mouth got kicked in the teeth with deliciousness. Coffee was good- not too bitter but not too weak. Husband had the Grubhouse breakfast with French toast. It was the perfect level of chewiness with an equally perfect browning. 
Prices are reasonable and everyone who works here is charismatic and personable. We will be back for the ever rotating specials!Ahhh, the Philadelphia brunch scene.  Waiting an hour to pay $15 for some pancakes is the norm.  While I really enjoy these type of places (if my wallet is fat that week and I have a total disregard for the proper use of my time on a Sunday morning), sometimes you just want to grab a quick, delicious and affordable breakfast that isn't a Sizzli at Wawa.  And for those moments, folks, there is Grubhouse!  
On our visit, we parked easily (go to the Pep Boys lot!) and were seated easily (it was about 10 am on a Saturday).  The waitress was very friendly and got us our drinks quickly, while we perused the menu.
From my internet menu stalking, I knew I needed to check out the salted caramel french toast.  My husband and I decided to split an order of that and also get a pork roll egg and cheese.  At $7, the portion size of the french toast is perfect.  I thought it was a tad salty, but overall was really delicious.  The breakfast sandwich was $4.50 and was a decent size as well.  It was only a buck more than I usually pay for the crappy Dunkin Donuts breakfast sandwiches and it was much better quality.
Overall, I really enjoyed my meal here.  Usually we go to Melrose Diner for a quick but "real" (re:  not Dunkin Donuts/Wawa/McD's) breakfast, but I think Grubhouse MAY just become our new go-to.  Especially after everyone is talking about those bacon wrapped tater tots...Came here for Rebecca's Yelp Brunch. They shut the joint down for our large group. 
I was genuinely amazed at how deftly the 3 staff ( chef Chris, server extraordinaire Susie and owner Jim) members handled the hungry masses that descended on their little diner like Walkers to potential brains. 
Sometimes, in these situations, you get a half assed, rushed meal. Not here. I received what I can safely say was the best Omelette I ever ate. It was exactly the sort of Omelette I was hoping to get for brunch at some other, more high profile Brunch spots in the area. 
Really a well done effort by all involved, proving that my first 5star experience there was not a fluke. One note that you may not get from the menu or website, Susie is making some fantastic desserts to accompany any meal there. Definitely check that out.The grub house food is horrible i will never eat here again the. The food was horrible service was slow. The chicken was over cooked taste like old oil.So this happened - great food, cool menu, neat little hole in the wall that stands out in a sea of Philly cheesesteak variants.  David got a grilled cheese, I got the veggie sausage breakfast egg rolls.  Both great! And may i recommend adding some carolinas mustard.  Mmmm.   Get there early to take advantage of the home made cookies (only one left when we were there.  You should have seen the wrestling match for the crumbs).  Only think that lost a star was they forgot the bacon for David and the portions were pretty small.  Also - heads up, terrible parking.  But definitely worth seeking out.This place was as advertised on this wintry icy day. My wife and I walked here from home in bad weather and we're not disappointed. I had the bacon pancakes and she the breakfast burrito. Both were excellent as was the female server who assisted us and gave us extra pastries she makes, because of the weather and business being slow as a result. We heard about this place on Yelp and the reviews were spot on. Our food came fast, hot, and filled with flavor. So much so that we ordered to-go platters for our daughters. We will definitely be back with others to this hidden secret in South Philly. Finally, the price of the food was very reasonable for such a good meal.All of the walls are covered in chalk boards displaying their menu and high prices. waitress has been rude all 5 times I have been there. Service is slow and over priced. There is a good reason this place is almost always empty. I guess the food was good.I ended up giving Grub House another play after my first order. I ordered the breakfast burrito smothered in sausage gravy and the jalapeño bacon tots. The tots are my new favs. Everyone should try these at least once. The burrito was also pretty tasty and the gravy much better than the last time.