Order a burrito al pastor and it was delicious. The service was excellent. Really nice staff.Went to visit after receiving a coupon in the mail. I was pleasantly surprised by the food!! Staff recommend chicken tacos and they were great. I also noticed they have a kids menu. Great local place!!I venture into new Mexican places with a degree of trepidation, since most people know diddly about good Mexican food. But since there hasn't been any Mexican joint worth speaking of west of the Schuykill, I was eager to try it.
The chips and salsa were pretty decent. The salsa was more like the El Jarocho red salsa crema, flavorful and spicy without being too hot. The guacamole we ordered was also pretty decent. I was annoyed at having to pay for chips and salsa, but at least it wasn't too expensive. I would like to have gotten more than a small side sauce container full of sauce though.
My g/f got a vegetarian torta and I got enchiladas verdes with chicken. The chicken was pretty moist and of decent quality. The verdes sauce however was pretty lifeless. I couldn't taste the tang of the tomatillos, nor much cilantro, garlic, or onion for that matter. There wasn't an aluminum  or metal tang to the sauce, so it probably wasn't made from canned tomatillos. It was probably just a sauce kept in the refrigerator a little too long. My g/f's torta was full of vegetables and queso fresco cheese. She liked it, though I wasn't that impressed from the bite or two that I had. 
The churros were hot and seemed like they had been made recently. Delicious. The sopapilla like tortilla with cinnamon and sugar was also decent, though a little overpowdered with sugar and cinnamon. 
The atmosphere was pretty warm and inviting. There were a couple of tables to sit if you wanted to to dine in, though I could imagine it getting packed r.eal quickly on a weekend night.
The service was pretty good overall and the owner was pretty nice. He apologized for not having horchata, but said that they would have it soon.
Overall I wasn't that impressed, but I think maybe it was just an off night for them based on the previous reviews and the smells emanating from the other peoples plates. The tacos that the two drunk guys behind me had smelled delicious. I'll probably be back to give it another go.yes, please. i'll have more tacos and flan. especially when the three taco dinner was more than enough food for two meals. delivery was fast, and the food was plentiful. while the tacos were more americanized than my beloved el jarocho, i will order from this restaurant when i'm in the area.The food here is average at best. Almost everything kind of tastes like something you could easily make at home. Also, it's greasy, and I'm not a fan of their salsas. I would give it two stars, but the people are nice, and the churros are pretty tasty.Really good quality food at a reasonable price.  the owners or people that work there have always been nice to me.
Me gusta mucho the black bean paste.  The burritos are large and in charge. Someone wrote about being disappointed there is no shredded cheese, guac, and sour cream on the burritos but that's bc it's not tex mex, just mex.  Actually, I don't even know if they eat burritos in Mexico but everything else is legit.  The tortillas are the corn kind and they come warm and are goooood!
Sometimes you get free nachos, sometimes you get free chips, sometimes nothing. 
When they say 'vegetable' anything, that means a kind of onion-ey mix.  It doesn't float my boat buy my vegetarian sister likes it.Unfortunately I must write this negative review. I'll keep it short: I've loved Guacamole from the first time I had it years ago. I was disappointed when I found out they closed their doors.  Today was the first time in a few years that I went back and boy was it a major let down. I ordered chicken tacos (both types). The wrap they use is just so awful-both texture and taste. The chicken was unimpressive. They are extremely skippy with toppings. Aka, 5 tiny individual diced onion pieces on a taco. The sour cream was practically non-existent. The salsa was pretty much the best part. 
Overall, I should have went to taco bell. Note: I've gotten violently sick from TB. Yet, I seriously wish I went there instead. 
In closing, I don't know what happened to the Guacamole I grew to love. But it's a shame that it's no-longer here. 
On s brighter note: the staff is incredibly nice.So much food! The tacos were great, especially the tortillas. I would consider going back and just eating the tortillas plain they were that good.I ordered delivery ($2 fee) from here just a few minutes ago. I got tacos, guacamole & chips, and chicken empanadas. 
The empanadas are flavorful. They are actually better than Cuba Libre. I got one steak, two chicken tacos, and the filling is delicious. It comes with this green sauce that is very spicy and some sour cream. The sauce tastes delish with the tacos. The tortilla is home made and a little greasy but I can dig it. The chips are also homemade and very yummy. The guacamole dip has big chunks of tomato in it and is pretty decent. I can't comment too much on it though because I usually don't eat guacamole. 
I ordered the same meal on a different day and they forgot the sauces (I had it delivered) which is why I gave it four stars. I also asked for one taco to be steak and creamed peppers and they only gave me creamed peppers. Be WARY when you ask for delivery, they do tend to forget.  
Overall, my new go to for tacos in Philly. You should try it.Arrived to order and take out around 730 pm. There was only one person working behind the counter, and with 3 people in the restaurant, it took about 20 minutes for her to complete our orders. They were out of almost everything (i.e., if you're ordering a vegetarian burrito, you most likely DONT want lettuce, sour cream, salsa and tomato, because they're out of grilled veggies and beans) and it was weirdly quiet in there. I never notice bad ambiance in places, but with no music or noise or the sound of anything cooking it felt really sad in there. I think I even made a joke about turning on music to the woman behind the counter, and she responded with a dead stare.
2 stars, because the Chicken Mole is TO DIE FOR. Order it if they have it. Other than that, the service is slow, nothing was available and the ambiance inside is so depressing that I almost waited on the stoop.In a section of the city pretty much devoid of good places to eat, this place really stands out! If you live around here you know what I mean. 
I go here whenever I have lunch meetings. The service is impeccable and the food is excellent. I suggest making a special trip if you like Mexican.I came here with my boyfriend once to dine-in, and took food to go yesterday. 
Tacos Al Pastor: yummy marinated meat! I liked the flavor very much.  I think I would like there to be more meat and pineapple, because there is not much meat. I forgot to get the homemade flour tortillas =x 
Pollo con Mole / Chicken w/ Mole : I liked the flavor of the mole, especially because it wasn't too sweet, but I was disappointed that it was sliced WHITE meat! Maybe this is an attempt to be healthier, but I think it hurts the flavor. It was ok, but not as juicy as if it were dark meat. Most of the Mexican food I had in southern CA had dark meat chicken...Owner of Guacamole Mex-Grill, please consider having both white meat and dark meat options for the mole!!!! 
Black beans that come w/ entrees: When my bf got the fried chicken, I liked the black beans. They weren't very greasy, but the beans were whole and had some of the starchy bean liquid, with a bit of cheese. Yesterday when I got my mole, the beans were all mashed up, and I found them a bit dry and lacking in FAT. . If they are going to be mashed, I wish there was some more fat to keep the mound moist.
Rice: It was a bit on the wet side both times I came here. I would have liked the rice to be fluffier, looser, and more tomatoe-y, like the rice that I got from many Mexican street vendors in southern CA. 
Bunuelos : Nice and crispy, and a generous sugar-cinnamon coating. 
Churros: FLUFFY on the inside, yet a bit crispy on the outside-I loved it! Not anything like churros you would get at costco or disneyland. 
For both the bunuelos and churros, I would have preferred more cinnamon on the coating, because it seemed a bit sugar dominated.
Service: While I was waiting for my food, the owner straightened chairs out, and asked every table how their food was. I liked that! And the lady that brought out my mole talked to me a bit and was very sweet. 
Ambiance: Nice and brightly colored walls...not too loud, seeing as it's a pretty small place. Mostly young people / collegians ?Wasn't what I was expecting in aesthetics, but more than made up for in the food. It is small, family owned place with only two tables. The closest thing experience would be a Chipotle, just a mom and pop version with notably better food. They had chicken mole, never had it before, was very good.I absolutely love Mexican food, but I'm in law school and don't get to eat out as much as a normal human being. Delivery Mexican food is, as a rule, disappointing. Guacamole Mex-Grill changed all that. This place is hands-down the best Mexican food I've ever seen offered as delivery. Every time I order food here, it makes my night. The chicken tacos and chicken quesadillas are my favorites, and the last time I ordered the quesadillas, I got an extra delicious something (I don't even know what) thrown in. The churros are incredible, the guacamole is delicious -- as to be hoped for, since the place is named after it -- and prices are reasonable. Portions are great, and the food just makes me happy. I don't know what more you can ask for.Tried this place out for the first time today. Delicious! I ordered the pollo mole burrito and it was amazing. The chicken was seasoned perfectly and the mole was delicious. I was very impressed and I will definitely be back. The neighborhood isn't super nice, but it was definitely worth it.I recently moved back into West Philly, and I'm living about 2 blocks from where I lived when I graduated from Penn about 17 years ago.  Things have really improved in the West Philadelphia area.  While I still had my kitchen tools in boxes, I went out searching for places to eat.
I had craved Mexican food once before and went somewhere closer to me, but a co-worker recommended Guacamole Mex-Grill so I figured that I would check it out.
I went in and I was hungry after a day of setting up things in the house.  I asked the fellow behind the counter what he would recommend. We chatted and we figured out that a burrito would be really good for me.  I ordered al pastor, and I waited.  
While waiting, I reviewed the yelped reviews that brought me into the restaurant - confirming my co-workers suggestion.  It was Joe P.'s, "as a Californian transplant, I'm always frustrated at the shortage of great authentic Mexican food here on the East Coast.... Guacamole totally satisfies this."  I love a good Californian-made Mexican burrito.  If this place is good enough for the transplant, then it's good enough for me. 
A few minutes later, this delicious burrito was ready. The Al Pastor was fantastic: nice heat, succulent beef and the sweetness of the pineapple with its acid matched the heat. The veggie and rice complimented the burrito and I was nom-nomming in heaven.  
The prices are fair and I feel that it's a value for what you are getting.  While I dined there was a Mexican family eating as well and they seemed to love the food, too.   It's a small place, maybe room for 20 people to eat in. I was able to get a seat and enjoy it. However, it's really become more of my go to take out spot!Super fresh and amazing home cooked meal. Our group tried a burrito, enchilada, quesadilla, and tacos! So all the options in all the meats! Everyone was pleased!3.5 star Mexican food if you're in the area, but probably not worth a trek (especially if you live closer to Honest Tom's). As with many Mexican establishments, the value of your food depends on what you order. The burritos are stuffed to the brim, while the tacos are rather lacking for a similar price. I enjoyed the chicken, but my tacos disappointingly came out at room temperature. Their guacamole isn't very big and has maybe more tomato than avocado, and I was expecting something a little more special due to the name; honestly, I like Honest Tom's guacamole so much better. However, after 3 tacos, guac and chips, and a Mexican Coke, I was definitely stuffed.
The service is awesome though! They actually seem to have enough seating for everyone, and you order at the cash register and sit down and tables with set utensils and napkins and even chips and salsa -- kind of confusing since you're supposed to pay $4 if you order it, so I suggest you eat in. They bring your food out to your table and are extremely nice and attentive, even after you're done!These tacos are just unbelievably good. Homemade, and twice the size of other tacos (lots of filling and 2 soft tortillas each to hold it in) with extremely fresh and authentic fillings. I'm not sure how we lucked in to this situation in West Philly, and we probably don't deserve it, but this is some tremendous Mexican food. I had the chicken tacos and have had great pork ones and chicken mole ones in the past. I had one leftover today and it was also just delicious--that's why I'm writing the review.  I literally might just order a platter of them for my next meeting because what the hell. What am I going to make that people like more than these tacos? Oh, also! They deliver. 
ps: I'm from San Francisco and I know my Mexican food.Big ass kick ass burritos. 
It really pisses me off that they're closed on Sundays.As a Californian transplant, I'm always frustrated at the shortage of great authentic Mexican food here on the East Coast. There are obviously some awesome places in South Philly, but since I live in West Philly I've always wanted a good Mexican place that's still close to me. 
Guacamole totally satisfies this. Truly awesome food, with excellent spices on their meats -- the carne asada is fantastic and so is the pastor (which is marinated with pineapples, as it's supposed to be). Had some tacos today and will definitely be returning. 
On top of all this, the guy at the register, Rudy, was an awesome dude. So nice and helpful. 
If you're looking for some awesome Mexican food, look no further than Guacamole. I can't wait till the weather gets better and I can eat some burritos in Clark Park!I finally got a chance to try out this new Mexican place over the weekend and I really enjoyed it!  The restaurant itself is small but super cute, with lots of bright colors and fresh flowers.  We ordered our food as take out and they had it ready within minutes.  The food was fresh and flavorful.   I got the vegetarian gorditas and my girlfriend got some sort of vegetarian sandwich and both were delicious!  I think in the end I actually preferred the sandwich because it was more filling and a really great combination of flavors.  The salsa they offered on the side was really good and spicy.  The price was great for some really delicious Mexican food.  I'll definitely be going back!as i have said before, i will always start my reviews for mexican food with a "i was born and raised in southern california."
so...i grew up on some really great mexican food and knew to be realistic in my expectations after moving to the east coast. i've had some ok and decent to terrible. after a crazy week of election bullshit, i needed some comforting and decided to order delivery from this place. well...i will say this about guacamole - it is good. 
ordering was super easy and they had a weekly special going - burrito with choice of meat and soda for $8. being a special, i was ready for a smaller sized burrito. i also got an order of chips and salsa. the delivery arrived before the estimated time and the delivery man was very nice and friendly! we're off to a great start. 
the food arrived in a brown paper bag with handles instead of the standard plastic bag most delivery places like to use. second plus for this place. the food was very well packaged and the soda was nice and cold, ready to be consumed. the size of the chips and salsa and burrito were pretty large. they threw in a fork and knife, which was very nice but thought to myself, "really? i don't need a fork and knife for this. i'm gonna eat this whole thing now!" yah...that didn't happen. BUT i managed to eat half of everything...
the chips were nice and crunchy...they weren't too salty or "fake" tasting. it tasted like real tortilla chips, made in-house. the only thing is that i was expecting it to come with pico de gallo but it came with salsa verde. it's ok though because again, the salsa verde was really good. they def don't skimp on their portions.
the burrito was wrapped perfectly and while incredibly fat, it was easy to eat lol with no spillage. the carne asada was so soft and moist, the rice and beans were seasoned well. i threw in some tapatio to give it a little more kick but it really didn't need it. i just like really spicy food. 
will i order or dine here again? you betcha! the only minor thing i didn't understand was they didn't offer chips and guacamole for delivery. a little strange since the name of the restaurant is actually guacamole. maybe they offer it for folks who dine there? well, i guess i'll have to go and find out :)Loved this place.  Very close to my home and I've been craving Mexican.  Affordable and yummy.  I got veggie tacos which were greasy, hot, and delicious.  My boyfriend got the pork tacos & a quesadilla.  He said he liked the tacos best.  Be prepared to wait, but it's totally worth it.  Maybe next time I'll call ahead for carry out.  But seriously, Guacamole delivers.BEWARE!!!!!
Talked to the owner about catering a Garden Court Community Association fund-raising dinner on September 30th. . Got the date and the menu all worked out..merely needed to call back with time, she knew it was a dinner. The Community Association sent our notices...folks made reservations. Guess what? Got a call yesterday...THERY CAN"T DO IT!!!
After some forceful insistence, they checked and called us back...YES THEY CAN DO IT!
Today we get a call from the same woman...THEY WON"T DO IT! Turns out when we finally speak to the owner...They decided they wouldn't make ENOUGH MONEY!!
Heard from others that this place was unreliable in it's catering, but we decided to give it a shot...don't you be that stupid! The food is good...but only if you can get it!Guacamole recently opened it West Philly and it is definitely worth stopping into for a quick bite. A tiny spot run by a brother and sister-in-law, with incredibly friendly and fast service. I had the vegetarian enchiladas and the red enchilada sauce is perfection. The spicy hot sauce is very good, too! All of the food I tried was very authentic-- no fancy, over-the-top fare, just really good Mexican food. The churros are also soooo yummy-- fresh, hot, covered in cinnamon sugar (I could have eaten the whole batch). My friend and I shared chips and guacamole, each had a platter, a soda, and churros, and left for $24, with leftover food to go-- not bad. I will be returning to Guacamole!Best tacos I've tasted in a long time!!! The tortillas were so good and so much flavor all around!Exceptionally well made high end Mexican food. The Mole sauce is amazing. Churros are exceptional. Service is friendly but sometimes slow.I must say that I am very disappointed in the food here. I recently went again after a while and the food was very disappointing from what I remember. I was soo excited and it totally fell short. We got Veg tacos and burritos and the tortilla was sort of weird, it looked gummy but wasn't completely gummy but just wasn't right. The food had absolutely NO flavor. 
Where did all the great food go Guacamole?
the staff was still super nice though.This place was OK. I found the food to be greasy, and yet somehow dry. The guacamole was pretty good, but the portion size was ridiculously small. My tacos didn't come with sour cream, or tomato. My boyfriend had a burrito and he loved it. I wouldn't come here again, but he is dying to. The service was great and the owner was very friendly.I was extremely excited to give this place a try considering the anticipation behind its opening.  The service is definitely five stars.  The guy taking my order was friendly and efficient.  I went with my standard: vegetarian burrito.  It was prepared very quickly and it came out piping hot.  I really like the vegetables that were inside the burrito, especially the mushrooms!  They were a nice surprise.  What I didn't like was how much oily juice came with the burrito contents.  I think the dish would have been more enjoyable and more healthy had they left that drippy stuff out.  All in all, it's affordable and a great location, since there aren't many Mexican places in the neighborhood.  If you're craving some Mexican while you're in the neighborhood or on campus, this is the place to go, but if you have a car and some time on your hands, I'd  recommend heading down to South Phila.I really enjoyed the food at Guacamole Mex-Grill. It was my first time and I ordered delivery on the perfect day for Mexican, cinco de Mayo. I got the vegetarian nachos with guacamole and the churros for desert.  I will def. be ordering from there again. 
However, I waited for 50 minis and the restaurant is only a few blocks away and expected it to be a shorter wait time.First time here and loved its chill atmosphere, good food, friendly service and reasonable prices. FYI, they no longer serve veggie tostadas which are the free offer on Yelp, but their 3 taco combo was really good.The best Mexican food! "Authentic"taste IMO. The food is very fresh tasting. The staff is pleasant. The wait time is a bit long. The store is small. The parking isn't the greatest, but I don't mind. It's the food I'm chasing.Bar none this is the best tasting taco I have ever tasted.  The owner is the best and humblest person I have met she is such a wonderful women.  I recommend this place to anyone and everyone. 
This cafe is located on woodland avenue right on the out skirts of university of the sciences campus.  You can take mass transit septa to here.  They are few blocks off of grays ferry avenue. 
I've had my fair share of places to eat In the city and continue to take many people here for a good bite to eat and I've made them loyal customers. 
Try it I promise you'll enjoy.Food was awesome, the restaurant is adorable, and the woman that I'm assuming is the owner is extremely sweet! I'll definitely come back the time I'm in the area.This restaurant just opened today.  Took a stroll down to try it out.  It was so good!  I got a chicken quesadilla, I would highly recommend it.  The chicken is marinated but not spicy.  For those picky eaters, they only put onions on it and you can ask them to take it off.  They live up to their name as well.  The guac was great and the chips were perfect.  I also recommend scooping up one of their small cheesecakes.  Not a true cheesecake, but something is so good about it.  Will definitely be going back!I made a trip over to Guacamole Mex Grill last Saturday afternoon for some lunch. I wanted some authentic Mexican food and had heard good things about this new place.  The restaurant was very brightly decorated, welcoming and clean. I was promptly greeted by the staff and asked what they recommended. I decided to order the tacos al pastor, a bag of chips and chose the hot salsa (which was had a lot of flavor and depth to it).  The 3 tacos were presented very nicely in a basket. Everything was so fresh and amazing! The tortillas had just been made and the filling was so tasty and delicious! It tasted so good I wanted to order more immediately.  I put in an order of churros after I finished my tacos and took them to go. They were piping hot and had lots of cinnamon and sugar.  I can't wait to go back for more of everything. If you're looking for authentic, fresh and amazing Mexican food, this is the place!A disappointing meal. Terrible red sauce. Milky white salsa?
Eager to find a place that serves "authentic" Mexican cuisine in West Philly I took a chance Guacamole Mex. Big mistake.
The Chips and Salsa
I was given the option of mild or hot salsa. The hot "salsa" came out as a small cup of a milky red sauce. What is this? Mayo with sriracha? Definitely not salsa. It tasted of ground up Hot Andy Cap snack fries and mayo. Gross. Don't call it salsa if it is not salsa. The unheated store bought variety chips didn't help the situation. Bad sign when an "authentic" Mexican restaurant can't even make their own warm tortilla chips. 
The Meal 
I chose two of my favorites: cheese enchiladas and marinated pork tacos. Given the quality of the chips and salsa I was indeed worried about the main course. 
The enchiladas, which weren't even hot, were covered with what looked to be a slice of American cheese and an overly sweet red sauce. This sauce tasted more like canned Hunt's tomato sauce than any enchilada sauce I've ever experienced. What a mess. The bubbling, hot, cheesiness I expect in cheese enchiladas was nowhere to be found in this disaster. 
The marinated pork taco was the only redeeming part of my meal. Though again not hot enough in temperature, the seasoned pork (which I believe was just Chorizo), pineapple, cilantro and onion filling was a great complementary mix of flavors but the weird cheese slice could have been replaced by a shredded variety. A corn shell would have worked better than its flour shell. 
Overall a disappointment that cost me 18.75. Guacamole Mex-Grill is not a restaurant I'll ever be returning to. I normally give 1-star ratings to restaurants I would never return to, however the pork taco bumped it up a star.I'm a huge fan of Guacamole- I've been ordering delivery a few times each week for the past few months, and have been in a few times as well. The food is consistently delicious, always fresh, and authentic. By far the best Mexican you'll find around University City, with great customer service as well!  Highly, highly recommend it.I ordered delivery from this place on Monday night because after walking home from the trolley without an umbrella in a torrential downpour...I refused to  leave the house again, lol. I searched for delivery options near me, and this place got pretty good reviews so I decided to try it. I ordered the chicken enchilada platter with mole, chips and salsa. In my opinion, the delivery was slow, but...I don't know if that was due to the weather or what. The enchilada platter, though not hot, due to the slow delivery, was pretty tasty. The mole was pretty good and flavorful. Nothing was bland. Everything seemed to be seasoned correctly. The chips were nice and crispy, but I...didn't particularly care for the salsa. It was okay, but it was green salsa, which...is not my favorite and it wasn't what I was expecting. When I think salsa, I typically think red, although I do know that other forms exist, red is typically standard and there was nothing to indicate that it would be anything other than status quo. Had I know that it would be green salsa, I would've ordered chips and guacamole instead since it is the same price, I only ordered salsa instead of guacamole to save a few calories anyway, lol. Overall, this place is a nice standby tex mex. I do NOT think it's better than Honest Tom's although they do have more of a selection, but...I guess that's just a matter of preference/opinion. Again, this place is a nice back up (for me) when I don't feel like walking to Honest Tom's or when the weather is too bad to walk over there.I don't usually write Yelp reviews, but I figured this deserved one.
This place had so much promise -- big portions, fast delivery, great chicken and beef tacos, homemade tortillas, spicy and flavorful salsa, and affordable prices.
But recently, they've taken a huge dive. They jacked up prices more than 30 percent, cut the meat in the tacos in half, and got rid of the great red salsa for some boring green one. But I tolerated it for a few weeks (for a while they hadn't raised the prices on their own website, so I ordered there instead of on Grubhub). But recently, they messed up the best thing they had going for them -- the homemade tortillas. The last two times I've ordered, they've been clearly cold and stale.
Guacamole Mex Grill, I'm disappointed. Bring back the good food at good prices! So sad.Great to find deliciosa comida Mexicano in what is a barren Mexican and South American food wasteland! I had the pollo tostadas and caldo tlalpeno. The tostadas were a great portion for the price and SO delicious! They were crunchy and topped with beans, flavorful chicken, lettuce, tomato and just a little cheese and sauce. The caldo is  chicken and rice soup with chick peas, veggies and cilatntro. It would be good for when you're feeling sick. My BF had the carne tacos and he loved them, although he commented on the oily tortillas. But he said they were tasty. Anyway, I'm glad to find some mexican flavor in the area, it was badly needed!Have been curious about this place for some time. Stopped by today and had their Al Pastor tacos. They were fantastic. Right level of flavor, heat and pineapple. Can't wait to try other items on the menu. 
They also did a great job renovating the building.Soooooo fresh and delicious.  Everyone there was friendly. The cook came out and asked if everything was ok...gave us a sample of mole and let us know that everything wad made fresh with locally grown ingredients.  I'm Mexican and can vouch for the authenticity of the good. Would love to eat here at least once a week if I lived closer.Very weak on vegan options, but delicious omnivore choices! Wished they were open on the weekends. But it's a nice neighborhood spot. More authentic than honest toms with more variety.Guacamole is one of my favorite places to eat in the area. The vegetable tortas are bangin'. I have yet to be disappointed with my order, as everything has been extremely tasty as well as presented artfully. This is not your typical 'taco joint'. The food is a very unique twist to typical tex mex. I'm in love.Tried this place out for the first time today. Delicious! I ordered the pollo mole burrito and it was amazing. The chicken was seasoned perfectly and the mole was delicious. I was very impressed and I will definitely be back. The neighborhood isn't super nice, but it was definitely worth it.Place had delicious tacos. I had chicken and mole tacos with chips and pico. The tacos were superb but the chips were stale but hey it happens. I let the guy working the line know and he was super nice, offered me a refund/new bag etc. All in all good experience, I'd go again.Food is fresh.  Made to order.   Definately authentic Mexican food.  Will go back!   Very cleanHad lunch there the other day and was pleasantly surprised how good and fresh it was.  Went there after looking at the Yelp reviews and was not disappointed.  Looking forward to returning.  Thanks Yelp!Outstanding tacos!  I haven't tried anything else on the menu yet, but the chicken tacos on corn tortillas are the best I've had in years.Guacamole Mex-Grill has the best customer service! I showed up there last night; they just reopened after some renovations. When I got in there, I was the only customer but it was late and people rolled in after me. The woman who took my order was really friendly. She asked me to how I found the place (yelp of course) and was interested in engaging conversation while I waited for my food.
While I am no real expert, this food tasted pretty authentic. I got a chicken burrito and it was really good. The beans were refried beans though, next time I will get them without them. Everything seems to be home made from the salsa to the really soft churros. I do want to try some other things on the menu before I figure out if this place is my new mexican fix.
It is not easy to find genuinely kind people at food counters; however, this place get's the gold prize!Finally, a great place to get authentic Mexican food in west philly!
The food was DELICIOUS (and very vegetarian friendly!), the prices are reasonable, the service was friendly, and the restaurant is super cute!
The only reason I can't give it 5 stars is because we were served in take-out containers and ate with plastic silverware, even after we made it clear that our food was not 'to-go'.  Also, I wish coffee was still being served at 1:00 on a Saturday.We recently ordered from Guacamole Mex-Grill after reading some reviews on Yelp. We were certainly impressed.
The chicken enchiladas with mole sauce was superb. It was nice and juicy, full of flavor. The rice and refried beans on the side were also really good. I especially liked the rice because it was seasoned very well and cooked just right.
We also ordered a chicken quesadilla. It was decent, but a little lacking in ingredients beyond chicken and cheese. The chicken was seasoned well, and it was cooked right. It would have been nice to have some peppers and onions in it or something.
The real winner were the churros. The were soft, gooey, and the sweetness tickled my tongue in a way that each time it entered my mouth, I uttered, "Ooohhh um um um, sooo goooood."This place would be fine if it was less expensive. The burritos are very basic and you get charged extra for ad-ons like guacamole or extra salsa. You'd think that at a place called Guacamole, guacamole would be added by default. I live a block away and every time I eat here I regret not getting in my car to go to Honest Tom's.Ordered 2 burritos which came with maybe a tablespoon of meat between them.  All rice and beans. Definitely not ordering from this place again!The restaurant has great Tex-Mex food especially for the area of Philadelphia it is in. Personally I would recommend the chicken tacos or the nachos. All the meat is fresh as well. If you're looking for an interesting twist to the meat ask for "con mole". Also look for the international soda jarritos!Overall, really good. Heads up, the pork is actually al pastor, so it has pineapples. Which I love.Friendly,  clean,  delicious. Got my money's worth with a burrito.  Nice place,  will stop by again if I'm in the area.Excellent!  Mole enchiladas are the best I've had.  Huge fan of their al pastor, especially in the torta but also tacos/tostadas.  Its hard to miss.  They also give you complimentary nachos as you wait for your food. 
Also, I think I'm going to become a diabetic thanks to the churros.The steak quesadillas and the chicken chimichanga are the bomb. The staff is really  friendly and food comes out pretty fast.It was okay, but nothing too special.  I had a GrubHub coupon so I tried this place out for delivery. I got the Milanesa de pollo burrito. It was enormous and the tortilla was soft. The breaded chicken was good, but everything else was kind of bland. It was packed with rice and beans but they weren't seasoned much and there wasn't any sauce, so it was a bit unexciting. It was fine but it didn't leave much of an impression on me.Guacamole has been a go-to for me since it opened in West Philly. Not only is the owner a really cool dude, he makes some excellent tacos. Seriously, I have yet to find tacos in Philadelphia (or anywhere else) that are better than these. My personal favorite is the Tacos al pastor, but chicken is also great.
The rest of the menu is definitely worth trying also; the enchiladas with mole and burritos are fantastic. 
In summary, great food and great people. There are a lot of options in this area for a burrito/tacos, but I have to put Guacamole on top of the list.Their food is always good. Can't go wrong with any of the menu items. Everyone that works here is super nice and accommodating. 
I've tried their tacos and burritos. The chicken ones are so flavorful. The burritos are huge - super filling. I think half of one is enough for me. Tacos, burritos & quesadillas - so gooddd.We went to Guacamole based on Yelp recommendations...and we weren't disappointed! We both had the Chicken Mole..and it's the best mole I've had. The owner told us his family owns a mole factory in Mexico..and that this was his grandmother's recipe. The guacamole was outstanding, also. It was $2.50 for a small dish..but it was good! 
The portions are hearty. the chicken mole dinner was just that...lots of sliced chicken, rice and refried beans with shredded lettuce and tomato.
The place is casual and  small...seats about 15 people. The service is friendly and we were made to feel right at home. Two chicken mole dinners, 2 guacamole and chips, and two drinks were $24 and change. Tip jar is on the counter. While we were there folks came in for lots of take away. We'll be going back...A Great, family friendly & affordable restaurant. Yesterday I ate with my two daughters (3,9). We were full and very happy with the service & quality of food. My girls had the vegetarian quesadillas, I had the grilled beef burritos both delicious. The owner was very nice. I also tried the homemade salsa mild and hot, incredible. Will definitely come back soon specially during this cold weather.Oh, YUM!  A friend turned me onto this place.  Staff was super friendly, the owner is actually from Mexico (a MUST), and I had a delicious, large chicken burrito.  Apparently they do deliver within a small distance range, but I just ordered to go.  As I sat waiting for my food, I chatted with the owner, who was delightful.  I'll certainly be back and this'll be a summer staple for me!Guacamole Mex-Grill is amazing! The chicken mole enchiladas are the best you will find in Philadelphia. Everything on the menu is excellent, but the enchiladas are always my go to. The atmosphere is cozy and welcoming, with fun decor and a vibrant color scheme to put you in the right mood for eating some delicious Mexican food. The owners are wonderful people. They will always treat you like a friend, and if you go there often enough, like part of the family. They are very generous in their portions and in the attentiveness they show to each customer. So go, become part of the family!This place is a bit out of our normal range geographically, we don't usually go much south of Baltimore, but after a great experience tonight we'll have to head down there more often! We got chips and salsa, the chicken tacos, and the al pastor (marinated pork) tacos, and everything was absolutely delicious! The salsa, as someone previously mentioned, is smooth instead of chunky, and it does come in tiny little cups that don't make dipping easy, but it was tasty! The chips were crispy with just the right amount of salt. 
And the tacos! Delicious! Both the corn and flour tortillas were fresh, soft, and warm, the meats were really well-marinated and tender (the pork is pretty greasy, so if you don't like that the chicken might be a better choice-- personally, I thought the pork was delicious though!), and the portions of fillings were really large. Even my husband said the three tacos were plenty for him. They do have hot sauce now, by the way, and it made a good addition to the tacos!
I preferred Guacamole to Honest Tom's, which I also visited recently. It's more authentic, it's cheaper, and the portions are better. We'll be back for sure, next time to try the churros!I ordered on-line and all I can say is WOW it was fantastic. When we arrived, or food was ready, hot and delicious. My daughter ordered chicken tacos and they were authentic, cooked to perfection and she stated that they were spectacular. I got the chicken enchilada's with mole sauce and it was a party in my mouth. My son never eats tacos and he enjoyed my daughter's taco so much that he ate one. We tried the pollo tostados and I could have just eaten that for dinner. The portions were large enough to share and it was well worth the drive from Havertown. Love, Love, Love it, and i will be returning.Honestly, I must bang the tom tom drum and declare that Guacamole Mex Grill has the best Tex-mex in west Philly. I grew up in Northern California and I am very familiar with the San Francisco burrito and this restaurant is on par with that quality. My wife loved the flavorfully tender delicious pork tacos and I was so satisfied with my vegetarian burrito that I immediately wrote a Yelp review. The service is great too. The fellow behind the counter was super friendly.Food is delicious! Service is great. I especially love the beef quesadilla and pork tacos. The guac and pico I can just eat with a fork!!! Try this gem! You will be glad you did!!!Heard about this new place and gave it a go with some friends. We were a large group and we waited for our food - but not long at all and it was well worth it. The guy at the counter is super friendly. I got chips with guac and a pollo burrito (sans mole, but will definitely be trying this next time). It was hot, well-seasoned, and well-proportioned with the rice and beans. The hot sauce gave it a nice little kick as well, along with the onions. I washed it all down with Jarritos mango soda - must try. The next day I had the pollo tacos - delicious as well. And then I tried the churros. Do not go without trying these. Best I've ever had. Sort of egg-y like French toast, crisp on the outside and sprinkled with powdered sugar served hot and fresh. I love Mexican and with all of the Qdobas and Chipotles popping up there's not much room for good Mexican - Guacamole has done a good job.I came here to get a meal for two. The waitress quickly brought us some complimentary homemade tortilla chips and salsa. I was happy to see that the soda cans were only 75 cents. 
The waitress wasn't familiar with the yelp check-in special, but I could already tell I would be coming back. I ordered the Plato Pollo Mole. This generous portion of tender chicken breast pieces slathered in delicious rich mole came with rice, refried beans, a small salad, and tortillas.
After my meal, an older man working there told me the recipe for the mole came from his wife's parents. They had served the dish I ordered the same way for 30 years in a small town in Mexico. I'm very glad they brought it to West Philly and I look forward to coming back soon.I've only ever ordered from here via GrubHub but have been very pleases.  Their chicken tacos are gigantic and have a nice spicy kick that keeps things bright in the flavor department.   Heir name sake, guacamole is also well done and always worth a side order.
Always a great choice if your in the mood for Mexican.After picking up my sister from the university near by, we decided to head over to Guacamole and grab some lunch. We had been here before and enjoyed it very much. Today was nothing short of a delicious meal. The waitress was very friendly and attentive. There was a lot of room and the decor was very eclectic. 
I ordered the empanadas as an appetizer and they were great! Warm and crispy with the right amount of beef inside. For entrees, I ordered the carne asada (steak) tacos, which came with three tacos which I shared with my sister. Super delish! Loved the soft taco tortilla. My sister ordered the carne asada tortas and gave me half. It was perfection with bread.
All in all, I would definitely come back for more. Great prices and great food =)When I first discovered Mex-Grill, I was in love. you could get a huge platter of nachos for 6.99 with perfect fajita chicken, refried beans, and cheese. (And oh my gosh, don't even get me started on the churros!) However, after the past 6 months or so and 3 orders later, I am less than impressed. After bungling an order, I called the store to see if they could send over new nachos as I am allergic to onions. The woman on the phone was quite rude. The prices have jumped by 2.50 or more per plate. They cut back on quality and quantity. The chicken now tastes like the icky chicken you might get from a bad Chinese food place, you no longer get hot beans drizzled over your nachos, nor cilantro. It is now standard "Taco Bell" food for many times the price. 
If nothing else though, the fried churros are always a go!Guacamole is an adorable little spot in West Philly right off of University of the Sciences' campus. It's bright and happy on the inside.  I don't think you can ever feel upset in a place with lime green walls.  
Seating is somewhat limited, but we snagged a table around 12:30.  If you eat in, you get complimentary nachos.  Fun.  The staff is super friendly.  A+ to them.
I got the al pastor tacos.  They come on a bigger tortilla then you get at other places.  I wasn't crazy about the texture of it but the content, al pastor, was really good. It's not like getting al pastor down in the Italian Market, but , since I work down the street from here it's a solid West Philly option. My dining buddy got a chicken burrito that he loved and later told me put him into a pretty serious good coma.   Prices were very reasonable.
If you're in the area, definitely stop by and try something.Decent Tex-Mex. I've never had any luck  with placing an order online, although I always try. I just end up calling, but the online menu is helpful for figuring out sizes and variations on things. I like the empanadas and churros, and they have good plantains as well.  The spicy salsa is SPICY! 
In West Philly this tends to be my go-to for Mexican, although it's by no means my favorite or a really "wow!!"-kinda place, the value is good for the amount of food you get and it's good enough.