I tried the vegan wings and they were salty and chewy and kind of addicting. I think I'll be going back for these and I appreciate that they have veg options.My friends and I went to gunner's run because we had never been.  This was a random week night.  The bar had a few people there, and a few people were at tables.  Basically it was a pretty low key night.  The server was really nice and made some good beer suggestions.  Then as we were sitting at the bar chatting, all of the sudden this heavy metal terrible music came on so loud that we literally could not hold a conversation.  It didn't phase the staff at all which makes me think it's a regular thing.  I am not one to be like "oh its too loud in here" but this was just insane.  Since we couldn't hold a conversation, we left right after we finished our round.  I do see people outside, and in the future I would sit there.  However, I'll never be inside again.  As a side note, they have excellent vegan selection.Great drink selection, fair prices, cool outdoor seating area. I would definitely stop back. The decor and atmosphere are cozy and the staff are friendly.Typical bar, but they do offer a free PBR for checking in along with the purchase of another drink. Free PBR is a plus in my book. Better in the warmer months when you can hit up their outdoor seating. Check out their quizzo night, can be a fun time.Draft list-
In order-
Lagunitas pils/Yards love stout/Victory dirt wolf/Stella Artois Cidre/Hell on High watermelon/Bud light/Allagash White/Yuengling lager/Troegs Cultivator/ KENZINGER
Beautiful blend of beers on draft plus my favorite burger in the neighborhood....THE BLACK & BLU Burger!!It's always great to get vegetarian bar food. Everything here is delicious. The staff is kind and attentive. The decor is a little all over the place in theme, but overall nice. Great selection of beers. They could use some more foot traffic but I don't mind eating in peace either. :)Lots of veggie and vegan options we were happy to discover. The portions are pretty small, I wasn't totally full after sharing an app and a portobella sandwich with a side salad. The sandwich was very good, but small. The salad was nothing special. Unfortunetely we were the only people in this place on a Saturday night, so the atmosphere was pretty bland. The food took a really long time to come out - other than that the service was very friendly. They probably need to expand their menu if they are going to survive for much longer. They have a decent beer list at least.This was one of the stops for the Zombie Bar Crawl, and it looked like the best place to get a drink and a meal.
I got their incredibly weak rum and coke, served in a disposable plastic cup like in a nightclub or something, and I also got their nachos topped with the most incredible pulled pork I've tried to date.
Service was a bit slow, but we were able to watch TV during the wait.Caveat - I did not eat here, but the menu was very limited and nothing was too exciting to me.  It also seemed way to pricey for standard bar fare (i.e., nachos, burgers). 
I was a big fan of the Swift Half and was hoping this place would fill the void. It is so nice to sit outside in the piazza and enjoy a beverage and a snack and this location offers one of the best locales from which to do just that. I had heard that the Swift Half was forced out due to raised rent and perhaps that explains why the prices in Gunners are so high and why they have crammed more tables in there making the space really awkward. 
It was Charlie Foxtrot from the get go as we entered off the Piazza on Sunday afternoon and the four of us were crammed against this incredibly awkward hostess station desk. It completely blocks the door and makes getting in the place a cluster. The place was pretty empty and four of us wanted to grab a high top to have some drinks. The hostess indicated that one of the tables was reserved, we should go to the bar. OK, one table out of 20 was reserved - could we sit at one of the other 19? Nope, please go to the bar. I don't think there was a rush or anything coming, so this was weird. 
Bartender was inattentive and on the rude side. We asked for menus and it took 3 tries to get them. Drinks were overpriced and the beer list was limited. I hope they find their stride, but I am getting the feeling that this might be a cursed location.  
Like Daniel T said in his review - there seems to be a problem with price to quantity and maybe that is linked to exorbitant rent in this space.  Unfortunately, I agree with his use of the word bleak.I wonder if the building itself has limitations.  Limits regarding food and drink priced accordingly to quality.  Like some sort of specter haunting the staff's ambition to run a proper pub.  I don't know how else to explain it, but it has happened to Swift Half and it is now happening to Gunners Run.  With the previous owners, they've somehow managed to create something so inferior to their own institution.  Out they went and in comes another attempt, only now it's even bleaker.
The trouble with SW was that the finalized menu offered weak value for meals.  The beer list barely changed year round and that just won't do with competition right up the street.  With Gunners, I don't see any change and in fact it may have gotten worse.  The burger is in fact a fancified Big Mac.  This will upset those accustomed to typical gastro burgers.  Though, I do have an odd soft spot for actual Big Macs; my only gripe was its $9 cost, for which it does appear the patties were frozen before.  The fried calamari, although tender, had pockets of uncooked flour hidden in deep nooks.  Wings that clock in close to a Hamilton were tasty and plump but failed to provide anything unique or quantitative for the price.  The tap may have been the worst.  Again, with the Tap not too far away, there was nothing interesting on to sway a snob towards their favor.  Additionally, all drafts were one or two dollars more than what most would consider the norm.
Perhaps the only saving grace was that our server was very attentive, and that Iron Maiden continually played on in the background (provided no one dial up something on that oversized iPhone jukebox thing).After 2 visits, I can honestly say, "DON'T BOTHER!" Prices are too high for the product they're offering, food is horrible, and the staff is unfriendly & rude.
We were excited about Gunner's Run opening. We love the location and had high hopes for it becoming a new hang out spot. We were sadly disappointed.
Our first visit was Saturday, March 19 - we stopped in a little after 3PM and were greeted by a frowning, no personality, hostess. The double hostess station combination is cumbersome and awkwardly blocking the door. The hostess asked if we were there for drinks or food - when we reported both, she announced that they were only serving appetizers between 3-5PM. We told her we were OK with that, cause we were excited about their opening (she did not share our enthusiasm).
She sat us in a booth and gave us two lame menus. One had a limited beer list, and the other the drab food menu. There were only 5 appetizers listed, and all lacked appeal. I selected the Vegetarian Tomato Basil soup ($5), and the rest of my party selected beers. Out of the 5 beers on tap listed on the board, they were out of two of them (which were the two we wanted). Pretty sad for the 1st weekend of being open.
We had two waitresses (who resembled roller derby gals), both sporting frowns, stop by our table to ask if anyone had taken our order. Each time  we said no, they walked away, with no offer to help us out. When a waitress finally came to take our order, she acted like she was doing us a favor. 
While waiting for our order, we looked around at the changes - still resembled Swift Half, but they added additional booths and tables, really cramming people in. Except, no one was really there - tables were empty, and bar area was packed (people literally sitting on top of each other and standing compressed). We found it rather odd that the venue is large, and people were compressed into one area.
Our order arrived - someone from the kitchen brought my soup to the table and just placed it on the edge, never asked who it belonged to and never offered any silverware, bread or crackers. We had to flag down the waitress to get silverware and napkins. The soup was slightly warm and looked like a thick, creamy vodka pasta sauce with 4 large chunks in it. The oversized chunks were tomatoes (I'm thinking a plum tomato quartered).  After a few bites I pushed it away, it was lacking in taste and left me thinking it should be served over pasta as a sauce, not as a bowl of soup. My friends all took a bite and agreed. 
We were so disappointed that we had to ask for the check and left before finishing our beers (which were served warm).
Our 2nd visit was Sunday, March 20th - we brought new friends and wanted their opinion. We stopped by around 5:30PM. Again, greeted by an unhappy hostess, and crammed up against the cumbersome hostess station combo (hostess stand & antique desk). BTW - this place really does not need a hostess at all. The unfriendly hostess was joined by 2 waitresses who asked if we were having drinks or food. We said drinks and they directed us to the bar, despite 3/4 of the tables being empty. There were 4 of us and we asked for a table, one waitress was very bitchy and the hostess backed her up - they stuck to their guns and directed us to the bar. 
Once at the bar, I wanted my friends to view the menu. We requested it several times, and finally received it as we finished our drinks and were paying the check. Service, again, was lame, slow and very unfriendly. There were two bartenders, and after taking our initial drink order, never paid any attention to us again, despite our attempts. Glad we didn't want a 2nd round of drinks, we would have had to beg for service to receive them. The bartenders seemed more concerned with their hipster friends at the end of the bar, then gaining new paying customers.
We won't be going back, and look forward to the next business that will take over the location when this place goes under.Worst experience dealing with management/"owner". Very unprofessional and has zero regards to the customers. Profanity is used like it's nobody's business. We will never go back to this place.In succeeding a place like Swift Half, you had better be up to living up to high standards. Food wise, Gunners Run leaves much to be desired. I had the pulled pork sandwich and a side salad, as well as having tried the fish and chips. Everything just simply needed more flavor and pizzazz. 
Beers were good and drink prices were cool so I'm relegating this place to simply a decent bar/local hangout spot.I am writing this, because I am hoping the owners of this place will read this and make some changes. I really want this place to work. 
Let me first start off by saying that my wife and I were huge fans of Swift Half, the bar this restaurant replaced. So I hope my biased doesn't come into play in this review. I really wanted to like this place. 
We went Last Friday night and the decor is relatively the same as it's predecessor. Relaxed atmosphere with a trendy vibe to it. The place was packed, it being the first super nice night out of the season. We were in encouraged. 
First, the beer list was weak. Nothing special or exciting on draft or in bottle. Prices were moderate. $5 for a yards walt wit. Considering swift half had a great beer list. I was already pissed. 
My friend ordered the Tacos and My wife and I ordered the Nachos, the wings and an arugala salad to split. The Tacos came out and we were shocked at how small they were. Three tiny (super tiny) tacos. Now if this was an app. it would have been fine, but they listed this as a entree and it was like $12. She said they tasted fine though. But she was left hungry. The Nachos came out and they were bland and soggy. These were a total fail. I can make better Nachos at home. The wings were decent. Good sauce, but the chicken was a little over cooked and dry. The Salad, well it was a salad. Just ordered it so we could say we had something green.
It's sad to say, but the food was a complete fail. Nothing I ate had me begging to come back. The service was fine and as expected from a place like this. 
We'll come back, simply because it's so close to our house and we like the space. However, there has to be improvements or it's going to be two and done. 
PLEASE PLEASE make this place better!LOVE the new wings! Sweet chili, double fried are AMAZING. Even naked wings with the sweet chili are perfect, for anyone with gluten allergies.
I'm so happy I can order them for delivery now! Loving the empanadas, too :)This place sucks. They are in a great location yet can't even provide decent service.  No PBR (are you kidding?!?!), no limes and no seating. Bar tenders did not acknowledge my presence for 20 min and even then didn't really care that I was there.  Slow, lazy abomination of an establishment. The only saving grace is their pool tables and their dingy outdoor seating.  Oh and the fact that dogs are allowed is also a plus. Be sure to come prepared with a tool bag because you'll have to build your own bench because the only free bench in this whole place is occupied by a homeless man with a boner.  DILLY DILLY (if they even had bud light availableWent here tonight for the Flyers playoff game with my girlfriend and a couple of friends and sat outside to watch on the big screen. We sat down and drank a beer before ordering our food. We finally ordered a burger and chicken fingers and fries around 730 and it took the kitchen almost TWO HOURS to put our food out. TWO HOURS FOR A BURGER AND CHICKEN FINGERS. They were kind of busy but not THAT busy. I feel bad for the waitress because the kitchen made her look bad but I know it wasn't her fault. She took off our food and some drinks but due to this experience I probably won't be back here again.YIKES is the first thing i have to say about this place . my usual vegan wing / cheesesteak place is being remodeled right now so my husband suggested why not give this place a try. the menu mentioned vegan wings, and they had garlic parm as an option. these.... are awful. the seitan is almost flavorless. you can barely taste the parm(?????) on the outside. or the garlic(????) these are terrible. we also ordered two vegan cheesesteaks. also terrible. these were described on the menu as 'thinly sliced seitan' but it turns out that it's actually big chunks of seitan, kind of mushy. wouldn't call it a cheesesteak. this was a disappointing experience for a vegan looking for a good meal. i can imagine this food only being good when you've had a lot to drink on a weekend and your tastebuds can't actually taste anymore. will not order again.The menu on the Gunner's Run website has a lot more on it than what was available both times I went in this past weekend, but I say they're off to an ok start.
The 1st time we went in was the Friday before their grand opening, we had to wait quite a long time for a server to approach us once we were seated and my man-friend finally stopped someone and asked for a server.  It was very busy.  
Our lager cans took FOREVER, but the food came out pretty quickly.  We had the chicken fried chicken and the Bad Luck Burger.  The chicken friend chicken was super crispy and the sriracha mayo it's served with was totally tasty.  I absolutely loved the Bad Luck Burger.  It was so good, Craig N's suggestion that it is "an upscale version of a Big Mac" is the truth.  This is not a bad thing at all.  The fries were good but not great.  The burger was worth the price of admission, a double cheeseburger for $9 is reasonable to me.
I was hoping to try the kobe corn dogs listed on their website's menu but sadly they didn't have them on the menu yet.
I really liked the HUGE map of Philadelphia they have on the back wall now, it's really interesting.
The 2nd time we went on a slow Sunday and both got Bad Luck Burgers b/c they were that good.  I hope they extend their menu soon and continue to improve their service.Visited Gunner's Run yesterday with my boyfriend, looking to watch football and have a couple of beers. The place was nearly empty when we got there - one table seated and one other couple at the bar. The bartender took my boyfriend's drink order and then ignored me until I waved her back down. A mojito took way longer than necessary to make, but was good. 
Just after ordering our second round, a large party came in and started setting up for an event. The bartender was quickly overwhelmed by the people ordering at the bar and was not able to keep up without cues from customers as to who was next. 
The football games were abruptly cut off as they were messing with the TV to project something from a computer. All of this would have been fine if it had been handled correctly, but it was not. I wish the manager(?) or bartender had given us a heads-up as the party was coming in that they were basically shutting everything down for them; at least warned us before cutting off the football games. One other couple at the bar was pretty upset and left before we did, getting a shoulder shrug from the manager instead of an apology. We quickly paid our tab, finished our drinks outside, and moved on to another location.I've been here quite a few times now.  The first two times I went I really loved it and was hooked on their wings.  The 3rd time I went, something went wrong with the wings and I thought I wouldn't go back.  But I did, and they were back to awesome.  I guess they were just having an off day.
Other awesome things besides the wings, they have a great brunch.  Bloody Mary bar, if that's what you're into.  The breakfast sandwich is great (though the potatoes on the side weren't my fave), and the Belgian waffle... Oh... the Belgian waffle.  
A few friends and I had a blast here during Hurricane Irene.  At one point we were the only customers.  The bar tenders was really fun though.  
I don't quite get the bad reviews for this place.  It's not my go-to, but it's where I go when I'm not feeling the go-to.  I've never had a bad experience here, so I'm going to keep going and keep encouraging others to come too.This restaurant is really great. I went there tonight for a succulent making workshop and was really surprised by their vegetarian menu! It was absolutely amazing. Even though it's not a huge menu, there were 8 or 9 vegetarian options to choose from. I had 3 of these dishes and all were hands down amazing! Super flavorful and abundant! Even though it was a Tuesday and there were not enough staff working the event, everyone was kind, helpful and aware. Anytime they saw someone in need, they came over and took care of us. We sat outside under the string lights and thoroughly enjoyed our night!I normally don't complain when I eat out, but gunners run became an exception last night. It took over 45 minutes to get a burger and 2 apps brought out in a restaurant that was empty inside. 
The wings were over cooked and seasoned heavily in herbs. 
My food was not prepared as requested, medium rare please, but I was served a well done version, so I politely sent it back. The second version that came out was medium well.
I'm not sure what was going on in their kitchen that caused such a delay in service and accuracy but I was very disappointed in my experience. 
Our server was very gracious and kind, but I left with an empty stomach and a bad taste in my mouth.
I'm lowering my review down to 1 star, I hadn't anticipated condescending replies from the business owner when providing feedback. There's no need to be defensive when your business needs improvement.The Piazza has become a ghost town, devoid of movement and life. Less than ten years ago, I thought it would be the catalyst for a new class of establishments in Northern Liberties. I used to come here often, but the allure that it once had is gone. Even on nights like tonight, I could brave the chill to walk around the area and surrounding establishments to find something to eat and a drink to make me happy. This encounter was much different. 
The crowd was nice enough, but it seemed as if I had walked into a work party, or some sort of family gathering. Groups nestled in at the community tables, but left their jackets and even pocketbooks(handbags?) at their seats. 
After 5-10 minutes of waiting at the bar, I ordered two drinks: one Tanqueray and tonic that my fiancé felt all too strong(I'm not complaining) and a draft beer. It was initially a futile 0-3 effort to order the beer as the menu wasn't updated, and one of the other kegs was kicked. 
We didn't stay much longer than that drink. It felt like we weren't wanted there. So, we moseyed on out dodging the tumbleweeds that should have been an indication that we should never have entered. 
A side note: one star is added due to the Friday Happy Hour and the lab that I saw greeting customers. Who doesn't love dogs?!I do reviews for either exceptional service or a horrendous experience. This was a horrendous experience. I can't tell you how bad it was. They comped our meal- for 14 people. That's how bad they even knew it was. I'll give them that. Nothing can change the awful service, hair in food, dirty plates etc etc. I'll never go back. Doesn't even deserve a star.Seriously people, this place just opened... They are running with a limited beer/food menu the first week. With that said I found my burger incredible.... Yes my beer was 50 cents more, but the tax was included in the price....as for service, everyone was attentive and pleasant, smiling...ect. I hope this place does well, can't wait to sit outside in the summer and watch some phillies games!Very down the middle bar for me. The man bartender guy ive seen there a couple times can be very rude if you dont say your order at lightening speed. The atmosphere is not very lively, example being that there can be a lot of slow songs played in a rowWent to Gunners Run on Sunday afternoon.  Ist time there and honestly, if The Blind Pig had been open (it was 330ish and they weren't ready for customers), we would not have tried Gunners Run.  But, we did and I'm glad we tried it.  The bar and restaurant were very clean and clean smelling.  We were greeted, seated and had drinks in front of us in no time.  We only had the wings, calamari and a burger.  All were good and I would try other things and get the wings and calamari again.  
Try it, I think you'll like it.  I thank The Blind Pig for not being open, otherwise I may not have tried this place.  
Note to neighborhood bars:  During and after storms here in NLs, it's a good idea to open a bit earlier b/c this 'hood likes to roam and find places to drink and eat.I was uncertain about this place with all the negative reviews, but I went anyways. 
Service was pretty quick. I walked in and was greeted right away. Sat down and our drinks came fast. 
I started with the nachos. The chips had a smoky taste to them...thats not a bad thing. They were very fresh, as were the toppings of pico de gallo, cheese, and other veggies.
I ordered the Bad Luck Burger for my main course. It was pretty damn good. Cooked well, tasted fresh (although probably a frozen patty). 
Also, check in there! Get a free PBR!It's a nice place to watch the outdoor screenings at the Piazza, a decent place to start a night but maybe not somewhere I'd frequent without being in the area. 
Service was mediocre at best. It took quite some time for the server to come over to give us our drink and food menu, even after passing our table twice. I actually had to prompt her to bring them over. 
After ordering drinks, she actually messed up my sister's beer order, not a huge deal, but something to note. 
Food was also very very mediocre. I'd actually probably give them 2.5 stars on this one. $7 mac and cheese was extremely underwhelming. They don't use elbow macaroni, the cheese sauce was not flavorful , and they topped it with a bunch of cheddar cheese, baked it in the oven.. solid 2.5 stars for that. I had to add a bunch of hot sauce to try to salvage it.
Frites were your standard fries , A-OK.
We also ordered mild wings -- which ended up really being like.. honey wings? I was expecting mild buffalo wings, that nice spicy tang. Insert sad face
They  do have happy hour specials though ~ $1 off drafts, half off wings etc etc. Although there is some discrepancy. One menu says " every day 5 to 7pm" where the other menu says " Monday thru Friday 5 to 7pm". Inconsistency is a pet peeve of mine.This place is freaking banging!! The burger is out of this world, they keep the meat thin, and then double it up so they can add cheese in between. Its sooo freaking good... the atmosphere is awesome too, great fucking music! I was here one night and almost flipped out cause of what they had playing... it was great to hear something other then electronic crap... while i was there i heard everything from face to face, propagandhi, nofx, to jimmy eat world.. honestly it was awesome..
I will be back, i cant wait till its warmer so i can use the outdoor seating and have a great view of that HUGE ass tv.. great food, service, and pricing.. perfecto!!!It's oct.17th....5pm....temp is 53°...they leave the door open.....its fucking freezing..... the burger is dry, my bread is hard, the fries taste like plaster. The jerk wings were sub par as well..best thing was the steak nachos.Food here is horrible.  Such a shame.  Great location.  They must make it based on the Piazza events alone.
Even salads here are disgusting.  
I come for drinks only.I've been to Gunners Run twice now. The first was a couple years ago, and I remember my entree being tiny and overpriced.
This weekend we used Gunners Run as the starting point for a nigh out in Northern Liberties. I love that they have infused alcohol, and the beer list is pretty good. 
The bartenders were overly attentive, and at some points were very obviously standing there listening to our conversation.
There are better places around.From the wild range of votes and descriptions, I would expect that Gunner's is hit or miss, depending on how busy they are, on who's working that night, or how crazy the Piazza is on a particular day.  I've only been once and had a good experience.  Went on a Sunday night at 7:30pm.  We sat outside. The hostess and waitress were very friendly and efficient. (I had lunch at Cooperage today and the waitress seemed depressed / disconnected and it was tough.)  Gunner's didn't have an impressive beer list, so that could be significantly expanded.  I ordered fish tacos and even said to my friends, "how good could they be--we're so far inland and this is a pub?"  They were ok, the fish was a tiny bit fishy, not bad, and the fish might have been frozen before it was deep fried, not sure, the sauce was both too spicy and too sweet, just ok.  Fries were good, not great-and $6--a lot for a side dish.  However, the Seitan Wings were excellent.  I like the taste of traditional wings but am always creeped out by working around the bones.  These wings had a lot of flavor, were somewhat greasy, and the texture of the seitan was similar to meat--would come again for this dish.  Decadent and super tasty.  Overall, I expected the food to be similar to what you get at a theme-park because the Piazza is a bit "manufactured" in its appearance, Gunner's was an ok surprise and the staff make it worthwhile for me to make a return visit--niceness goes a long way with me.Went for eagles game, took over 20 minutes for someone at the bar to acknowledge me. Tried to order a bucket of bud lights. The bar tender said "we only have 8 beers left so we can't give you a bucket" I questioned why we couldn't receive a bucket since a bucket consisted of 6 beers. The bartender said "you can order 6 separate beers and pay full price but you can't get the bucket since we're running low ". Bartender had a bad attitude, a group of 6 patrons left because of the horrible service. Will not be back.It's a bar.   The food is just okay.  The beer is wet.  And beery.  The staff has actually been pretty great every time I went.  
Anyhow, if you want to watch a game on the big screen or in the bar, this is a pretty decent place to do it.Visited Gunner's Run last weekend for Sunday brunch.  Was skeptical about what to expect after reading the reviews on Yelp...
Took advantage of the Bloody Mary bar:  seriously has every condiment you can imagine to adorn your drink.  Cool idea. Believe it was Absolute vodka and $10.  Great start. 
My table had the quesadilla to start.  Hard to mess this up and GR diid an ok job.  Right amount of cheese and liked the what seemed to be homemade pico de gallo. 
I had the frittata with onion mushroom and cheese. Delicious.  Came with fried potatoes.  Were a bit undercooked but not a deal breaker.  Side of scrapple was right  on target (although when I ordered it, the server seemed surprised as if they didn't serve it...it's on the menu...)
Burger with fried egg on top was equally enjoyed.  
Bottom line:  give it a try.  GR does not disappoint.
Let them work out their kinks...I'd like to say that I was excited to come to this bar after our softball game. We showed up and were immediately asked why we didn't tell them ahead of time that so many of us were coming. Also, we received communication from the philadelphia sports network that we were sponsored by this bar and would get specials- the staff said they don't do that and haven't done anything like that since cornhole...communication is lacking to say the least (we had to show them the email to advise them). After squashing that they continue to have terrible service and lack of attention to their patrons. They told us we could order off of any menu and then we all of a sudden couldn't. Their brunch menu is lacking ...no wonder no one is here. Disappointed.We went to this place on the Fourth of July.  It was empty so factor that into our experience.  The service was good.  The food was good.  The patio is much nicer than the inside.  The menu is decent.  I had the fried chicken sandwich which was pretty tasty.  The fries are good.  
I've been there when it is much busier but just to drink.  The service at that time was not so good.   And the bar smelled of stale beer.  But if you can catch this place on an off night (ie not the weekend), you might have a decent experience.Over salted everything! Slow service,
And which is a sad, because the Devore was fabulous:( , looks can be deceiving !do yourself a favor and check out their infused alcohol behind the bar. I had a fantastic concoction -- ok.. I had 7 according to my bill -- of the roasted pear vodka plus chambord and club soda. One of the most kick ass drinks I've ever had. my friend and i nicknamed it god's piss. Do try it yourself.
Also worth a nibble: spinach salad with dried cherries and sugary walnuts, satans wings (seitan, how clever!).Gunners Run was completely empty when we strolled in on Sunday afternoon. The bartender was cleaning and was friendly, but there was no atmosphere to review. I get the impression it is more of a night-time, possible touristy venue since it opens into the plaza in the neighborhood.  Another worker chatted with us and explained that there are usually games or events played on the big screen outside. 
The dishwasher was broken, so our two draught beers in plastic cups seemed a little pricey for the amount we got. So while we had the one beer we sought out and a decent experience, I would not be heading back even if I'm in that part of town.
Not being from Philly I struggled to make sense of the neighborhood... there were some nice little restaurants and shops but it looked like there may have been failed development at one point or that it was currently being gentrified.The atmosphere is awesome and sometimes, they have good bands that play. The bartenders are always awesome and the food is delicious. Check it out if you are in the area!Server are terrible here ! Like make up ur mind ! Can we smoke hookah inside or outside ? They say we can smoke hookah outside and then they say we can't ? And they only have 1 flavor hookah ? Never againI had a groupon and went here with a friend for the first time on Sat. We went kinda early, about 5ish, and the place was pretty sparse but service was great. Enjoyed the decor and atmosphere. I really enjoyed the food as they had several options instead of the normal "veggie burger" for vegetarians, like myself, which is much appreciated.Wandered into gunners run when we found out the restaurant we wanted to go to down the street was closed due to health code violations 
No one greeted us so we just found a booth and sat down a waitress finally saw us brought us menus apologized and quickly disappeared 
Manager came over asked if the waitress saw us I said yes and we were waiting for her to return 
Plenty of beer selections and the menu typical bar food 
We ordered mozzarella sticks they were fine nothing spectacular 
I ordered the shrimp tacos which on the menu said they were served with pineapple salsa plenty of shrimp but I did not detect any salsa at all but overall tasty 
My wife ordered the American burger but it came out as the gunners burger with bacon and BBQ sauce since service was spotty she just took off the bacon and scraped off some of the BBQ sauce  the burger was tasty and cooked as ordered on a nice brioche roll I ate the bacon which was fine 
The burger came with waffle fries they were tasty perhaps slightly overdone but a nice touch   
Drinks were fine 
Overall the place is nice and maybe we got there at a shift change but overall not a totally horrible experience just not stellar 
Interesting to note bathrooms are marked organ not gender specific you have a choice of penis or vagina    Empty beer kegs stored in the penis room not sure how I felt about that....Food was terrible.  I ordered veggie wings and they were soggy and under cooked.  Drinks are fine- prices okay for the basics.  Not at all happy with the food though.  Will not eat here again.I absolutely LOVE their crab dip that they serve with pita chips. Their cockytail drinks are really good too. The outside sitting on a beautiful day with great people make the experience great!First time will be the last time.  Similar sentiments to some others.  The service staff was less than inviting and they were complaining amongst themselves about previous customers while ignoring us new customers.  Wings were so bad I didn't finish them or take them home.  Beer tasted like the lines were not cleaned for some time.  The decor was nice but that's about it.  We left after the wings and went to El Camino across the street.  Experience was much better there.It would be zero stars , but yelp doesn't give me that option. Enjoy your tomato soup with out a spoon and if you love terrible servers with bad attitudes then this is the place to go. Bloody Mary... More like cocktail sauce and soda. Boo hoo gunners run. Boo hoo!!Well, they got rid of the vegan cheesesteak. Very sad. 
I am in the neighborhood so this place bears the mark of convenience, but aside from a popular bloody mary bar, they really need help with the food.
Their fries are awful. Just awful. Thin-might-as-well-be-McDonald's potato stix. 
Then the worst. Their meatloaf hoagie. The meatloaf is awful. The sauce is so overdone it drowns not only the sandwich but the whole table. And then, that piece of cheese that tastes like gruyere but totally isn't and shouldn't and ... ugh. 
Never again. 
My friend loves their mussels and the Bloody Mary bar so I have to give them at least two stars, but PLEASE avoid the meatloaf. *shudders*This is my go-to spot at the Piazza.  Not only do they usually have a solid draft list, but the food here is also pretty darn good.  The crab bisque mussels are a must have if you are a mussel lover like I am. They are unbelievable.
The happy hour specials here are also pretty great. How can you go wrong with $1 off drafts, $3 wines, and half priced baked brie!Went there last night for a few beers, wine and something to eat.
The tap selection is just OK.  I did think that it was slightly overpriced, but nothing crazy.  
My friend has a few glasses of wine, and her first glass was a Shriaz when she clearly ordered a Malbec.  The bartender realized his mistake later and comped the drink....as he should have.
We just had the calamari, and it was less than impressive, but not bad.
I am certain the place will get better.
I really miss Swift Half.Bartenders are awesome!!! If I lived near I'd probably become a regular... But I'm from the west coast but sum day I shall return! Wings r finger licking delicious :)I tried sitting outside to drink & wait for my to-go food instead of sitting inside at the bar & it was a whole different experience. Our waitress was sweet & attentive & just generally good at being a waitress. The food we ate at home later & it was wonderful as usual. I've never had any problems with the food or service at Gunners Run, just the ambience inside. So going on a nice night & sitting at a table out in the piazza makes it a whole different experience. Sitting outside it's kind of a peaceful & nice. You notice less that there are very few customers besides a few regulars at the bar & you don't get that vaguely depressed icky feeling. They really need to do something about the inside of the restaurant, so I have two different ratings for this place. Nice weather & outdoor table: 3 stars.  Weather forcing you to sit inside: 2 stars.I came here with 2 friends to eat dinner on Cinco de Mayo. We sat down right away and a waitress came over to take our order and she told us things are kind of slow because they were slammed. They were not slammed - no one was waiting in line, and we sat right away. But we said fine as long as we have drinks who cares. They had 2 drink specials that night - a pitcher of beer and a pitcher of margaritas. We asked for a pitcher of margaritas and the waitress told us they were out of pitchers so we asked if she would give us the amount of margaritas in a pitcher or discount our drinks and she was unwilling to do either. So we just ordered 3 margs which really just ended up being tequila and orange juice. We also ordered nachos and fried pickles and they came out in a few minutes so then we ordered our main food. an hour and 45 minutes went by and we hadn't heard from our waitress, our drinks were empty, and the owner/manager gave a free pitcher of margaritas to a group of girls that sat down after us. We were getting impatient and it was starting to rain so we went inside to pay. A bar back tried to look up our order in the register and couldnt find it. Then the manager tried to help and the same thing happened - so I don't know if our waitress just never put our order in? But when she saw us in there about to pay before we got our food she got angry at US and really pissy. This is just NO WAY to treat your customers especially when they weren't really that busy. The Piazza was supposed to have a party that night that got rescheduled and I think Gunners Run should be thankful that it did because there is no way they would have been able to handle it if they couldn't handle a regular Friday night in Northern Liberties. Horrible service and mediocre food. It's a shame because this place has so much potential.Unfortunately our usual vegan wing place was closed when we needed to order so even more so unfortunately my girlfriend substituted with this place. Sigh.
We ordered the cauliflower, seitan wings, and vegan cheesesteak (w/o onions in all caps). Per GF the duration between order placement and food arrival was, and I quote, "average". 
I sat adjacent to the delivery as I finished up some work stuff planning on RIPPING THAT SHIT OPEN after completion of said work stuff bc I was fucking starving. Food aroma permeated our vicinity and I was able to recognize the wonderful fragrance of fries. I sat typing away, puzzled, because my girlfriend would never order such a thing in the setting of our keto dieting. 
Once we were able to unravel the conglomeration of plastic bag, paper bag, and food containers it became clear immediately that Gunners Run had royally fucked up our order.
No cauliflower was present. Vegan cheesesteak was present however doused with onions. And there WERE FRIES that we did not order (not that this is an issue but I guess they were trying to make up for the cauliflower? What if I was deathly allergic to potatoes?). I will admit that it was a nice touch but it would have been nice to have been called and asked if we still wanted to order under the circumstances. Bc we don't eat fries, I had to order something ELSE bc there was barely anything to eat. 
Also for what it's worth the seitan fries were just alright, they're better at that other place that has them on caviar.Being picky saves money. 
I'm a big fan of their vegan-friendly dishes, especially the seitan-friendly cheesesteak. I'm a carnivore, for your information, I just like their vegan fare that much! That being said, I don't like onions/peppers and always ask them to nix 'em on the order. On my third visit there, the waitress forgot to scrap the onions/peppers...no big deal. I let her know so I could get them taken off and she and other staff pretty much kissed my ass for an hour even though I was perfectly complacent about the whole situation. They gave me and my date a meal on the house. So...excellent service is all I can say. 
Just a note, if you don't like thin, super-fried fries, get a different side, as they unfortunately do not cater to steak-fry fans. 
Oh, and get LevelUp on your smart phone and you will save $5 on your first meal. I would put down a referral link, but it is already hard enough getting friends to refer me when they're in front of me, so all I can do is let you know ;)I thought that place had regular nachos? Guess not. Only cheese steak nachos. I was told that they didnt have the making to make regular nachos. Okies, no worries. I was offered the veggie quesadilla instead. Inside was fresh onions, jalapenos, peppers, and cheese. With a side of Guacamole and sour cream.....why they just couldnt put all that stuff on some chips and call it nachos is beyond me. Regardless, it was still damn good.
Please note, the kitchen opens at 330pm.This place blows. A friend told me not to come here. But I did. Got nachos and sat there for over an hour waiting. And it wasn't busy. It was cinco de mayo and everyone was at the Spanish/Mexican bars. There was no excuse for this nonsense but that's all they had were excuses. This is not how you run a business, you fix it, make it right for your customers.I love their veggie options, and the outdoor seating gives ample opportunity to watch a Phils game on the big, albeit pixelated to all hell, tv screen.  I kind of assumed I wouldn't like Gunner's Run much, but my goat cheese, tomato and pesto sandwich on sourdough bread was pretty yummy.  My husband had a vegan sloppy joe that reminded me of the veggie stuffed cabbages my Mom makes.  Sandwiches are paired with fries or a salad and you only get a pickle with the salad it seems, but it was a sweet style pickle and I consider those blasphemous anyway so I wasn't bummed my plate lacked pickle presence.  Beer selection is pretty large and the service was also good.  It's really not far off from Swift Half on all accounts, but the menu has definitely improved on the veg front.I should preface this by noting that my husband and I don't drink - so my review is based purely on food and service. We go to bars/brewpubs (n3rd, memphis tap room, nodding head, etc) all the time, so our expectations shouldn't be out of joint. We were really stoked about Gunner's Run when it opened, and the first time we went we loved it. The service was what you'd expect, but the food was above par. The prices were a little high, but it was in our neighborhood - so we were happy to support.
The second time we went was on a Saturday afternoon, and while it was ultimately ok (and they were extremely tolerant/welcoming of the 3 year old who was with us), they were out of 5 different things on their menu. The menu is already pretty limited - so this took it down from limited to kinda limited to would I rather have a salad or a burger? Again, the bill was higher than we'd anticipate based on quality...
We went last night and it's just gotten worse. The service was pleasant, but the food took forever. The runner bringing out the food had no idea where he was going, which resulted in him offering our food to 4 other tables before coming to us. When I got my sandwich - which was cloyingly sweet - it was ice cold and the fries were barely warm. The fish taco appetizers were ordered were literally bite sized - 3 for $11 for 1/2 a fishstick on a tortilla the size of a half dollar with some aioli on it? Really? If it were fresh fish, or something hard to find that'd be worth it. But literally. Half a fishstick.
The black bean burger we got to compensate for the munchkin-land fish tacos was terrible. I'm a long time vegetarian and generally not super picky but this was downright awful. I would've rather had a frost bitten gardenburger. 
All in all, it was $100 for 3 people including 2 beers (not 2 per person. 2), 2 entrees, and a couple of appetizers. Seems a bit high for less than stellar food that comes out cold. I'll stick with Memphis Tap Room or El Camino.This is an average place. The inside bar is decent enough. The brunch food offerings were fair, some were poorly executed. The outdoor dining area was filthy, which was surprising since it was a clear sunny day.  I would have thought it might be expected that someone would want to dine outside and perhaps some attention could have been paid to the area.  The server was very friendly.Gunners run was open and selling on grubhub... I placed my order only to find out (almost an hour later) from my Grubhub driver that there was a party at the restaurant and they weren't going to make my order. Yet my order was never canceled by the restaurant, my card WAS charged and I couldn't even contact them to verify what was going on... because when I tried to call the phone went to a voicemail box that was full. 
P.S. there food was only mediocre the only other time I ordered from them. This was the last time I'll be attempting to give them business they clearly don't give a fuck about.Their TBLT is scrumptious!! Always a good backup is the Bad Luck Burger to which I always add bacon!! Super good drink prices for the area as well! Definitely one of my favorite joints in the Piazza area!Great happy hour menu- both food and drink. $5 wines, $3 drafts, most of the appetizer menu goes half price.I love this place. It's such a fun bar and everyone who works there is fantastic! The wings were my favorite part. 6/5 stars.I came by during Saturday brunch.
They have this really talented blues guitarist who plays every Saturday from 2-4.  It's a nice mellow backdrop to eat my lunch to.  They also have a bloody mary bar that I do not partake of since I'm working but it sure does look inviting.
This place is in the Piazza and there are many food options available including Darlings Diner where I frequent for breakfast.  I find it interesting that the El Pastor Omelet that I had today at Gunners Run by far surpasses any egg related meal I've ever had anywhere near the Piazza.  It made me sad that Gunners doesn't open until after 3 on weekdays.Probably one of my worst dining experiences I've had. For a restaurant located on the piazza, staff should be increased on nights where there are events. Me and a few couple of friends attempted to have dinner last night and we had to wait 20min for a menu, the food took 90 min to arrive and was burnt. All but one of us actually received food that edible. One friend actually left after sitting from 8:30-11:00pm on to receive over cooked food. We didn't order anything major, wings, tenders, fries...nothing complicated so we thought. Fortunately nearly the entire meal was taken off the bill. I felt bad for the waitress but honestly if the kitchen gives you over cooked food, why bring it out? My suggestion is to retrain the kitchen staff and provide more staff on nights where it is expected that there will be more people on the piazza who would likely want to patronize your restaurant afterwards. If you're interested in coming here, just have a beer. At least they didn't mess up opening the can.Ordered a simple breakfast of friend egg and bacon. It took 25 minutes for it to come out AFTER I I brought it to their notice. No apologies. The food comes out cold, the potatoes half cooked. Again no apologies just bad attitude and bad customer service. 
Don't bother going there!!!!!!!!!Honestly the black and blue burger with a Stella cidre on tap, your gonna leave a satisfied human being!!! I promise you, A-1 service, food fresh and timelyIt was alright, the fish taco wasn't that great, and the bald bartender there was a bit rude. Mainly a local watering hole cheap drinks and food. A nice alternative to the standard tap pricesI was not a huge fan of this place, even though I heard good things. First, the place was totally dead. Which can be nice, but I mean, it was so dead the waitstaff were sitting down at booths and one of them had to get up from the pow-wow to seat us when we came in. Second, they could definitely have more vegan options on their menu. We got the wings, which were alright, but a little too thin and crunchy. Then I ended up getting the veggie burger, again, it was fine, but definitely not worth coming back for. There are much better places in the area.Standard bar food that was pretty good, but for the fact it took almost 20 minutes to flag someone down and say HEY, you sat us, remember? And forget about getting a napkin or forks. We just finally got everything ourselves, but of course, once a check is needed, they are now your shadow. Crappy, overly loud music, and creepy dude next to our table that kept moving his table closer to ours didn't help.From what I could tell, this restaurant seemed pretty nice. I'm basing this review off of my chicken fingers, ordered from their select menu yesterday.
We were at the Radio 104.5 free show -- and hungry -- so we stopped in to Gunners Run (after a quick run back to the car to grab my ID even though I had no intentions of drinking anyway.)
All the tables were stacked outside to open the restaurant to drinkers, but my boyfriend, his sister and I were able to score some seats on one of their benches near the bathrooms. The chicken fingers were really good, and came out fairly quickly. My boyfriend and his sister split a hummus dish, which was also alright, but didn't wow me. They took advantage of the Yelp check in free beer, which I guess is a nice touch for beer drinkers!
In all, it was a good pit stop, though I think I'd have to go again on a non-block party day to really get a feel for the place.things have definitely improved with this place over the last year.  
They are always changing the food menu, maybe trying to find their wheel house?
I'm still not a fan of most of the food, but if your looking for bar food-ish stuff, you will be fine.  
Beer selection is very good now, and always changing.  
The bartenders - for the most part - are really, really good.  I cannot say the same for the wait staff.  
If you do have a problem and make it known they will do their best to rectify it...and that is really all you ask for out of an establishment.  
If you have a big group and give them some notice they will do their best to accommodate you...whether its a table reservation or claiming all the TVs for a Flyers game, etc.Draft list-
In order-
Lagunitas pils/Yards love stout/Victory dirt wolf/Stella Artois Cidre/Hell on High watermelon/Bud light/Allagash White/Yuengling lager/Troegs Cultivator/ KENZINGER
Beautiful blend of beers on draft plus my favorite burger in the neighborhood....THE BLACK & BLU Burger!!Nice place to sit out and grab a bite to eat. Got a half kilo of mussels that weren't too badFound Gunners Run via GroupOn coupon and will definitely return....the place isn't fancy nor is the menu extensive, but it's a comfortable place to hang out and get some very ggod food at a resonable price with great service...definitely heading back to Gunners Run!