Great cheese pizza if you like a lot of cheese and don't want the cheese to fall off. Not very greasy either. Pepperoni is good too, but not as good as the cheese. Really low key and cozy environment inside and feels like a pizza place you'd go to as a kid. Cash only and the day I went in they weren't doing slices.This was a great find. I don't think I've had anything bad from here yet. I really love their buffalo chicken pizza. I don't think I've liked anyone's buffalo chicken pizza before I had theirs. Their calzones are also huge and delicious. I would give them 5 stars but the cash-only thing prevents me from doing so since I hardly have cash on me. But other than that, no complaints. Great food and awesome service.I said 4/5 before, but honestly, for what it is (a family-friendly pizza place that reminds me of home), Gusto is my go-to.  I've had the veggie panini a couple more times and it gets better each time - I have even learned to love the accompanying chips, as they add a great texture to the bite.  ALSO, the fries must have increased in quality or something because they are so, so good.  Not too salty, not too crunchy, not too greasy, just perfect.  YUM.Great hours, really good cheesesteak, good fries and they serve it up fast. Very glad this place is in the neighborhood and will come back!I have had great pizza from Gusto's but today it was awful.  It was a white pizza with greasy white cheese no flavor and equally greasy eggplant. I ordered a veggie hoagie that I was told was uncooked veggies. It came as a greasy glob of indistinguishable vegetables that had been cooked. For this I payed a premium because their delivery service does not come to my neighborhood less than 1 mile away.   Needless to say be careful what you order from here. There appears up be no quality control or consistency.The best pizza by delivery I've had in Philly in my year living here. Admittedly that is a very small sample size, but the pizza was good. Gusto's gives you a pretty big menu of unconventional pizza toppings. They have a nice tangy tomato sauce and use the right amount of cheese. The crust isn't perfect, it's a little salty, but all in all its pretty darn good. They were courteous in taking my order on the phone and got the pizza here within the specified 40 minutes of time. It was cold when it got here, but not too bad. Also tried their BBQ calzone which was good but would have been better with a more flavorful BBQ sauce.I'm a big fan of Gusto, and here's why.
1. Delicious, fresh-tasting sauce. I prefer cheese pizza, which is pretty minimalist, but that means that if the sauce is meh, there are no toppings to hide behind. Gusto can stand up to the challenge!
2. 10% student discount, on top of already low prices. 
3. Quick turnaround time. Our pizzas are usually done in 15 minutes or less.
We live a short walk from Gusto, and there is actually a closer pizza place. But we always go to Gusto. Why? Because it's a great pizza for a very good price.My wife and I just had one (huge) garden salad and a meatball hoagie to split. We are stuffed and happy and only spent $16 including tip. 
Meatballs are spicy and salty. I'd recommended ordering it with extra sauce. Blue cheese dressing was bland. 
I'll be back. Just what you'd want in a neighborhood joint .Good pizza at a reasonable price. The chicken finger wrap is excellent as well. The only downside is that you cannot get pizza by the slice.The food is usually quite good and not at all greasy.  Fast service.I lived in Philadelphia for 7 years, 2005-2012. I have had many meals at Gusto's. Almost everything on the menu is worth the price and is good. I love the bread. My first choice off their menu when I first began eating here was their calzones. They are incredible and filling; usually would make it into two separate meals. All are good and you can add and subtract what you want from them. The pizzas are wonderful as well. The curly fries are to die for. The meatball sub is also good too. 
My last 3 years in Philly, I lived 30 seconds away from this place. So this was my usual go to for dinner, especially since they were open til about 9pm. 
Just remember cash only!! Student discount is a plus as well :)I just got the Wednesday special today, a 12" pizza with a can of soda for for $7 + tax. Took less than 10 minutes and everything was great! The place was clean too. I'll be going back tomorrow with a friend for the Thursday special!Stumbled upon this place while searching for a quick bite in the area and very much enjoyed it. They offer a 10% discount for students, it's not pricey, the place is quiet and feels like a hole-in-the-wall neighborhood spot, and the pizza is actually quite good. 
I can't even describe how bad some of the pizza has been that I've had in the University City area so this was a great find. The primavera pizza was light, filling, had a solid balance of veggies and cheese, and thin, crunchy crust. Would definitely recommend it. The chicken parm sandwich though was alright, not my favorite but just think it needed some more cheese and sauce.Fantastic White Pizza! I would even say the Best I have ever had. Plus quick turn around for pick-up!!! And super professional and nice people at pickup point!!! I plan to return my next visit to PhilladelphiaI pass this place everyday on  myway home and finally gave it a shot.  ....  I wasn't all that impressed...  The people in their are super nice and the young women working were nice to look at while I waited for the slices to be cooked.  Just average pizza really.  I ate two pieces with toppings and was still hungry.  That shouldn't be the case. $5 though....  I wavered on 2 stars but the convenience of doubl eparking and running in real quick gave them a three.Decent little dive of a pizza joint. They are fast and that's about it.
The pizza crust lacked flavor, but the sauce and toppings were great. Had a pizza Gusto and BBQ Chicken pizza. The BBQ needed a bit more chicken, but the gusto was perfect.
I'd stop in here for a slice, but I won't go out of my way to go to it againThis place is so close to my house, I had to try it out.  Pizza is slightly less than mediocre.  Wouldn't get pizza from here again.  The wings were ok, I wouldn't rave about them, but I would considering just getting an order of wings from here again.pizza margherita is great. i get is every time. regular pizzas here are good too, but really, get the mergherita every time. the music they play is off the owner-cum-pizza maker's ipod and is pretty trippy. 
there's a 10% student discount on an already cheap price.Ordered here on a whim the other night - called in a pizza order for a Large white pie with ricotta, tomatos, and spinach. Pick-up time was quick for a Saturday night (25 minutes) and we found coupons online for $2 off a large pie!
Arrived and noticed they didn't add the ricotta to the order- they didn't charge us for it, and we didn't feel like waiting longer for it to either be remade or added to the already made pie so we didnt say anything.
Overall, the pizza was pretty good - lots of cheese to compensate for lack of red sauce on a white pie and the ingredients tasted very fresh. The price wasnt bad, especially with the coupon.
Overall, I will probably try it again in hopes they can get the order right and can redeem themselves- I can always use another neighborhood pizza place on my list.Gusto has been around for a long time (since I was just a young buck) which tells you something about its quality.  I love it because at it's heart, its your average Philly pizza and hoagie shop and whats not to love about that?  But what sets it apart is the quality of the food, the adorable space its located in and the great variety of food you can get.  I hope this place is around for another 15 years!It's 3pm on a Sunday.  I'm trying to pretend my headache is from caffeine, but it's from too much beer last night.  My boyfriend is almost unable to move from lack of food.  We don't even have to say it, we already know.  It's Gusto time.
We sit in front of the window and the waitress with blonde, curly hair (whose name it would be too awkward for me to ask by this point) is wearing an Eagles jersey or a Phillies shirt.  She only asks if we want curly fries (she already knows we both want chicken finger wraps, yum), and we usually do.  She gets my drink order mixed up with my roommate who comes here often as well and sort of looks like me.  She brings us cups of ice and straws for our sodas.
We leave satisfied and much more alive than we were when we came in.  
We don't stray from this pattern too often, but occasionally we order pizza.  It's good, but eat it all now; it doesn't reheat well.  The fries (curly and regular) and onion rings are probably the most reasonably-priced and always-good option in the area.I'm not a pizza lover, but Gusto's is delicious!!!! Totally loving it. Place is casual, limited seating, cash only. Staff is absolutely friendly and highly helpful. Absolutely coming again when back in the cityStandout quality ingredients every time. There are a lot of pizza places nearby, but one look at the food these folks deliver and you realize there is no reason to order from anyone else.What I love about this place is that it has great OTHER food and great pizza.
That's a plus for my family, when two of us don't like pizza (don't look at me!).
Their fries are pretty good, my mom worships their burgers and caeser salad (in fact i used to tease 'er about it...any takers? yes? no?).
Only 4 stars because it seems to be impossible to get this pizza at the right temperature. When you order in it's usually too hot, and takeout is too cold. It's good, though!
In terms of wheelchair accessible-ness, you can sit outside. The doorway is pretty narrow and there's a small step but if it's nice outside you shouldn't have an issue.Great little place. Mind you its cash only. We had the half n half - the Rustic chicken which was excellent and the Primavera which was alright. I think the mushrooms made it taste slight weird. Order it without those. But for 15.90 before taxes it is a good deal.  Must try! Will definitely go back here!Great food. I took the advice from other yelpers and tried the chicken finger wrap. Yum and for a good price too. I also got some pretty great curly fries for a really cheap price. I'm considering going there again tonight haha. The staff was really friendly and it's right around the corner so it's a great place in my boat.Went tonight for dinner and was extremely impressed. I went with a bottle of wine and my girlfriend, which is an appropriate place to bring both. I was greeted by a waitress who dealt with rowdy Erin Express drunks all day, which by her demeanor you would never be able to tell. She allowed us to seat ourselves anywhere, by which we chose the window seat near the door. 
After ordering a Caesar salad, we were waited on hand and foot getting our wine opened and ice for our drinks. Before we knew it our oversized salad arrived. 
We ordered an Italian calzone the temperature started to drop as the door was still open from the beautiful day we had. Upon asking to shut the door, the curtious waitress complied and took it upon herself to turn on a space heater to accommodate our chill. Couldn't ask for more, besides the overly honest opinion that a calzone would be more than enough for the two of us, when we considered ordering more food. Most waiters/waitresses would have tried to have us order more food, resulting in a bigger tip. 
Overall the food was exceptionally tasty, not greasy and super filling/satisfying. The service was memorable and I will be retuning to not only eat in but also take out.I've ordered from Gusto for years.  I love Gusto. I live 3 blocks away.  The food is pretty fucking good.  The delivery service is awful.  I've had bad delivery experiences in the past, but I've never written about it.  Today, however, is different.  The camel's back goddamn broke.  The dude that delivered my food, as soon as he saw me, told me to "get outside more because it's sunny".  Then, i gave him a $1.50 tip on a 15.60 bill, which also includes a $1.50 delivery charge, and he said "That's it, man?" I wound up giving him 2 bucks, after which he said, "Dude, get outside." Moron doesn't realize that delivery gives him money.  I'm never ordering delivery again.I got a buffalo chicken cheesesteak rap and it was absolutely delicious. 10/10 would go there again. My only complaint is that they don't sell individual slices of pizza as I'd really like to try their pizza, but I dont't live in philly so I can't just order a whole pie for me and my family. Oh well. I'll definitely be coming back to try out more of the menu.Quick delivery , they have a cash only but ordering through grub hub and picking up has worked. Their pizza and panini are extra delicious and cheesy. They provide a good amount of toppings on pizza.The Good: The cheese and sauce were pretty good. They had those elements down.
The Bad: The crust is tasteless cardboard. Also, having only portabello mushrooms and not normal buttons is a complete violation.After moving to Philadelphia, I was so surprised with the lack of tasty "New York" pizza.  Gusto changed my impression entirely.  The calzones and pies are delicious.  Grub hub and go!I'm really glad we found this place after our move.  They are quickly becoming our go to for Friday night take out night.  We've had delicious pizza, great sandwiches and perfect apps. Their prices are great and service is friendly.  Cash only so don't forget your wallet!Stopped in for a sandwich at lunch .. Got a wrap and it was really good. Will be sure to stop in again next time I am over this side of townFresh ingredients. Pizza is good, maybe even a little better than good. But this place absolutely shines with their calzones. You will not be disappointed in the buffalo chicken calzone, which I'm not even sure is even on the menu, but one of the best bread-cheese-combo-items I've had in a really long time.Gusto is very well run, clean, and reasonably priced. It is a step-up from that hot, filthy pizzeria in [your neighborhood]. An excellent choice for take-out if you are driving north on 22nd. The staff looks like they actually enjoy  working at Gusto. The bike cops eat there a lot.
I usually get the Italian hoagie but you can't go wrong with the calzones, pizza, or salad.I moved to San Francisco in May, and the one thing I miss about Philly is Gusto.  At first, I couldn't eat one of their huge calzones in one sitting, but after a few tries I learned that I could.  I recommend the sausage calzone or maybe the spinach and zuccini.  Both are delicious.  Stick to the calzones.  I probably spent over a thousand dollars on their calzones in the two years that I lived a block away.  Why don't you open an SF branch, Gusto?Dear Gusto,
I really do like your food, but lately, in the last two times I've ordered from you, the service has been a little subpar. The first time, I received a plain pizza -- supposed to be pepperoni... alright, I can understand mixing "p" for pepperoni with "p" for plain, but what happened tonight is beyond explanation. We called, ordered a cheesesteak and a grilled chicken sandwich... an order we've placed before several times. Get our order home and we have a cheesesteak, and something that looks like bits of grilled chicken with provolone cheese on bread... that's it. If you check your online menu, it says your grilled chicken sandwich is, "topped with broccoli rabe, roasted peppers, and choice of sharp provolone or fresh mozzrella cheese," funny that's what I've gotten every other time I've ordered.
So we call, and the girl who picks up the phone says that on the paper menu what we are describing is the "Italian chicken sandwich" and because the menu changes so often it's hard to update your online menu. Well what if I had an old, outdated paper menu at home? She continues to say that what we got is the grilled chicken sandwich. Okay, fine. Ever heard of the old adage, the customer is always right? Guess not. Now I have to go find things to add to my sandwich to make it a little more appetizing (something I wasn't really up for tonight considering I ordered out in the first place). Thanks. I'll be taking my business elsewhere when I need a quick dinner from now on.We ordered two pizzas there - pepperoni and their gourmet white.  Pepperoni was very good, but the white was GREAT.  If you like white pizza this is the place.  We even took it to go, but the 3 blocks back didn't do any harm!Thier quality has gone down lately. We got the parm and a pizza and both were pretty bland.Ok so I used to have good things to say about Gusto until....I was basically told to leave because they needed my table. I wasn't even done my soda! Well miss waitress u have lost a loyal customer. $20 per week x 52 = $1000 inLOST revenue. Tell that to the owner!Just ordered from here for the first time the other day, the girl who answered the phone/took my order was kinda rude and sounded miserable but the delivery was quick and the pizza was perfect. So glad that I finally found a great delivery place near my work!I've never had a bad meal at Gusto.  I love their pesto chicken wrap, buffalo chicken cheesesteak wrap, and the spinach/ricotta white pizza. 
Delivery is always speedy and food is reasonably priced.   Friendly staff and definitely my first choice for takeout.TL;DR - Good pizza and calzones, excellent Greek salad and affordable prices in Rittenhouse
My wife and I have made a small tradition out of celebrating Valentine's Days with food from Gusto and we come here every once in a while in between holidays too. We've never been let down.
No matter what we get, it's also paired with a Greek salad. Large wedges of Feta cheese always have a perfect flavor, and the rest of the ingredients are fresh.
Most recently, we had a pizza with portabella mushrooms on it. Most lower price pizza places use some pretty disgusting quality mushrooms, but these were fresh and tasty. 
If you're looking for good down-to-earth food in Rittenhouse, check this place out. I recommend trying the Thursday special if you're really on a budget: 2 Cheesesteaks or 2 Parms or One of Each, Plus 2 Cans of Soda for $10.50.This place is certainly one of our go to delivery places.  The plain cheese and the white pizza are delicious. Sometimes the crust is a bit thick, but normally it is perfectly thin. Friendly place, quick delivery. Definitely worth a try if you like places like Randazzo's or Giovanni's pizzaFirst meal in Philly! As we unpacked boxes we ordered the primavera and the gusto both were delicious. They could have been more generous with the toppings but the sauce was flavorful and the dough was the perfect mix of golden crunch with soft chewy innards......mmmmm innards. I drafted this review and then the leftovers were great later in the day and I found myself lamenting that when I rolled off of the air mattress in the morning and the box was empty. I never lament over old pizza so I had to change it to 5 *****.This place has delicious pizza! When I'm in the mood for gourmet pizza this place is high on my list. It's not too expensive as well.I think this is a little secret of Spruce and 22nd streets! Amazing sandwiches and pizza. It is also a BYOB place so take a beer to go with your sandwich or your pizza. The quality is good and everything has flavor so enjoy. They are open late ;-)Yes, this place is amazing. Hands down the pizza in Philadelphia. They also have a great menu aside from pizza. The sandwiches are of great proportion and the price is as small as gets. Everything is always fresh, consistent and extremely tasty. The atmosphere is a boring pizzeria; however, it is a byob. So bring your wine and beer. This place is a great asset to the Fitler Square/Rittenhouse area of Philadelphia!I took two young children to Gusto last night and had a great experience. The waitress was super attentive and kind. She brought coloring books for the kids and made sure we had everything we needed before the food came. The mozzarella sticks were good and the chicken fingers were great too. Their food was average but I think it's because we didn't get their specialty... Pizza! Next time we will go back and get a pie and update our review. The prices are super reasonable and I will return!It's not often that you feel like you've had the best pizza of your life.. and this is one of those places where you can have the at feeling again and again and again!!
A family run small business, the ambience is cozy, and the food is to die for. Even the simplest cheese pizza is wonderful, comes fresh and hot out of the oven with cheesy goodness trickling down the side.
Would definitely recommend their Rustica pizza. The pesto just takes it to another level!!
One of our regular no-disappointment places!Loved the Primavera veggie pizza. Really fresh quality ingredients. Did take out. Was promptly ready in 10 mins.BYOB, proper stemware for your first growth Bordeaux and pizza pairings. Friendly staff, cool, wine lover owner, quality ingredients. Delicious everything. Love this place. A+I love making pizza at home. I have total control over size, toppings, crispiness, and any last minute changes I need to make. That being said, sometimes, you need someone else to take care of you. And when that someone lives almost next door, well, all the better. 
I stumbled onto Gusto shortly after moving, sweaty and miserable from unpacking, when all I wanted was a little comfort in a pizza box. And Gusto delivered (well, not literally, though they do offer delivery. I live so close it would be ridiculous to get it delivered.) Since then, I've been hooked. If you happen to be in the area, the Wednesday special is a fantastic and affordable lunch treat, $5.50 for a personal pizza and can of soda. Or, grab a buddy or a date and head over Tuesdays or Thursdays for double chicken cheesesteaks (T) or cheesesteaks (R) and 2 cans of soda for $10.50. 
Even if you're not gunning for a daily special, the price point at Gusto is a bargain. Most of the basic pies are $8 or less for the small 12" and $10-13 for the large. They have a bunch of specialty pizzas that I've never tried, wooed instead by the flavorful pepperoni or my most recent discovery, white with pesto and tomato. Salty, garlicky, with juicy tomatoes and creamy ricotta, that white knocked it out of the park. 
My only issue with Gusto: The staff is hit or miss. I've had an incredibly friendly cashier and a MISERABLE few, so just hope that you're lucky that day.
Bonus: Gusto, like a fine wine, gets better with age. Well, at least in the case of cold pizza the next morning. If only they were open around 8am, I could see this becoming my hangover-breakfast spot too. Oh well, a girl can dream...
Cash only, y'all.Very nice pizza; fast delivery which makes it a winner in my book.This place has the best buffalo chicken cheese steak, if your looking for simple fast service... this place is a great find. I used to live down the block and i ordered from them all the time, and they offer a student discount. I just wished they took credit or debit.We just started revisiting/reordering again at Gusto. Don't know why we stopped,takeout habits can be seasonal I guess.
Everything we have tried has been great. Pizza is fantastic ,try the Wed nite special. Hot wings a nice Friday nite start if your not going out,often followed by the broccoli bites,with a round of drinks.
The calzones are very good ,recommend the steak&onions or the vegetable and of course some red wine.If your not in the mood for tomato,we like the gourmet white pizza.This pizza  lends itself well to a little home seasoning,so we often sprinkle on a little garlic,we love the stuff,with a light dusting of oregano;then any glass pinot greggio you may have handy should work.
You can BYO and eat in the small dining area,the staff is very accommodating, take out or get delivery if your in the mood,the drivers are prompt and polite.
This place is a neighborhood jewel,prices are moderate,,try it .One the best pizza places in the city! The ingredients are fresh and unique and the crust crispy. The white pesto pizza is awesome!Great little neighborhood pizzeria that is cash only.  Friendly service when you eat in.  Love how it's BYOB, and they welcome that.  Being from an area out of state that hails for it's good pizza, I know what to look for.  So far, this pizza is the best I've found on this side of the city.Cheap and quick, and the food is pretty solid.  A good go-to place for my neighborhood, though nothing special.  Four stars for its consistency over the last year - it's never failed when I wanted pizza or a chicken parm sandwich right away.  They have a couple good weekly specials and give a 10% across-the-board student discount.  But beware: while the plain pizza is a real steal, toppings can get really expensive.  My current favorite here is the chicken finger wrap.  BYOBTried a large cheese pizza and was not impressed. 
It was just overly cheesy and super greasy! The crust had decent integrity. For $10.50, the price is reasonable though.
You could pay a lot more in the area, but you'd get a much better pizza (eh hem vetri)For me restaurants are about service and food.
Gusto does an amazing job on both.
The waitress that is usually there is great.  She always has a sunny disposition and brings water out for our dog, when we sit outside.
The pizza is very tasty and my friends highly recommend their salads.
If you want a relaxed, tasty experience, visit Gusto.Sorry Gusto but a mi no me gusto. The pizza is like bad school cafeteria pizza, the heroes likewise...they actually use super thin slices of cheap provolone on the heroes, and everything tastes and smells like mediocre Chinese takeout. Weird, because the place looks fine but after 2 tries I'm moving on.Ordered two pizzas here: the primavera and chicken rustica. Each pizza is about $15 for a large. Their pizza was very tasty and delicious! The primavera is great for veggie lovers, it even had eggplant on it! the chicken rustica was also delicious. Plus, the lady working there was really nice, friendly, and helpful! A little cute and quaint place.The first time I ordered from Gusto I had french fries and mozzarella sticks (it was a rough day).  Both were great!  The fries were neither too squishy nor too crunchy, and the mozzarella sticks weren't too greasy.  The prices were right, too - most places in the area charge around $7.00 for mozzarella sticks, and Gusto only charges $5.
Tonight, after a week with no appetite, I thought I might try a vegetable or two.  In panini form.  The panini had eggplant, roasted red peppers, spinach, and it said it had portabellas but they may have mixed enough with the eggplant that I didn't notice them.  It also had provolone cheese, and was on cibatta bread that was not so hard that it nearly cut my mouth, like many other paninis run the risk of doing.  
It came with chips, and I thought that would mean a bag of chips, but they were in the carton with the panini.  A little unorthodox.  I thought it all tasted good though, and it was $8.42 with tax, which wasn't bad.  I'm already looking forward to having the leftovers tomorrow!This pizza is phenomenal!! We ordered the veggie pizza to dine-in and brought wine since it's BYOB. Great crust, tons of cheese, and lots of delicious vegetables on top. Definitely coming back soon!The pizza here is great and the specials are even better. 2 large pizzas and a bottle of soda for $20 on Monday is an awesome deal. Try it sometime. 
The staff is super friendly and they provide great service.Excellent (Greek, I think?) pizzeria entire menu is high quality, great salads. Best pizza in that area along with Lazaro's. The vegetable calzone is quite delicious. Italian hoagie is legit. I've eaten here 50+ times and never been disappointed once. Also you can have a pleasant meal with friends and bring a bottle of wine.I LOVE neighborhood spot Gusto.  The veggie calzone is delish, and the red sauce that comes one the pizza and with the calzones is to die for. The BBQ chicken pizza is tasty when you're looking for something more unusual.  Service is prompt.  Eating in is a no frills BYOB experience. Perfect cheap/quick dinner or lunch spot.Gusto gets 4 stars because for a BYOB in rittenhouse it just can't be beat for the price.  They have really quality pizza and really cheap pizzas.  You can bring some wine or beer and a couple buddies and have a great night for almost nothing.  The seating area is nothing special and ery simple but again for the price, quality of the food, and the fact that it is a BYOB, you can't go wrong. I was pleasantly surprised. Just know that this is a very simple place and don't expect anything fancy.Great neighbourhood joint with solid pizza.  Calzone was tasty and crusty. 
I usually get a warm rustic Italian sandwich, though.  Eggplant parm is tasty. Sausage, peppers and onion sandwich is great.  The cheesesteak is pretty good also -- way better than Jim's, Pat's, etc.  Mozzarella sticks are cooked just right.
Everything I've had here is tasty, fresh, good.
Good service, friendly and efficient.
Very reasonably priced.cherie c.'s review on Gusto has it right, and I wish I would have read it before ordering.
The buffalo chicken cheesesteak, ordered spicy, was lame.  Great bread, but the chicken was in big chunks, lightly covered in a mild sauce, and flanked by barely any cheese and just a dab of blue cheese.  Laaaaaaaaame.  
In my book, buffalo chicken cheesesteaks are supposed to be all chopped up like their beefy cousins, should be well-mixed with the cheese, and the blue cheese should be served on the side.  I could barely taste the buffalo sauce.
My wife got a calzone that was under-cooked and doughy on the inside.
I really wanted to like you, Gusto, but beyond being within walking-distance from home and fairly inexpensive, I don't have a lot of bones to throw your way.  You're clearly not trying.
No me gusta Gusto.Gusto's has good pizza, but they are very stupid. I ordered a pizza, waited for the 40 minutes they told me it would take to get here. It didn't come, so I called after an hour. She girl said it left already. Fine. Another hour passes...I call again to cancel it. The guy on the phone was rude and not helpful at all. Pizza in this city is everywhere. Order from somewhere else...like Slice.By far the best Pizza for delivery. Crispy, hot and fast. Mozzarella sticks were delicious, good stretch on the cheese and delicious marinara. My new go to for delivery.I can't comment on the pizza. And i've never even been inside this place. But when i used to live in the neighborhood, i frequently ordered their cheesesteak hoagie for delviery and they get 4 stars for that. The delivery was always fast. My sandwich always showed up still warm. The lettuce, tomato, and onion were crisp and fresh. And they use delicious, crusty, seeded long rolls that add something special to what was essentially a run-of-the-mill cheesesteak. Just a solid option for delivery if you're in the area.BEST chicken caesar salad!  Pizza is very good if you get extra sauce.  Trust me, ask for extra sauce.  
The EMO/Hipster phone clerks really are not my favorite, but I always take out or have it delivered.  The crust is better here than most places in philly, and the sauce is a tangy san marzano, that really is delicious.  
They take checks or cash, no credit.  
Sandwiches are just ok.
Spinach Feta wrap is excellent.  So is the Caesar wrap.I usually go for the medium cheese pizza - a great deal at $6 - always delicious and ready quickly. For some reason we have never been as happy with the taste of the large pizza. Toppings can get expensive. Make a salad at home (their house salad is not worth the price though I like the house dressing) and grab a medium cheese and you have a great meal for two. I also enjoy their chicken steak - great bread and very filling. Skip the fries.This place has great pricing on their daily specials. My boyfriend and I got hoagies for take out and they were huge portion sizes. The service is fast and the ingredients are fresh which is a huge plus. Can't help wishing for just a little more flavor though. Other than that, a reliable takeout or delivery place.Hands down best pizza in Philly.  If you're looking for a delicious pizza to carry out or have delivered, Gusto should be your go-to.  The sauce is like crack--soooo addicting!  And the rest of the ingredients are fresh, and the pizza is almost always delivered before their stated time.  As boring as this may sound, the plain cheese is amazing--the white pizzas aren't as good, in my opinion.Have you ever seen the episode of Sex and the City, where Samantha always calls this one chinese restaurant and orders the same thing. And the girl on the phone at the chinese restaurant seems to laugh at her?  Well thats my relationship with Gusto.
Its like around the corner from me, so what else can I ask for.  This is my fall back place when I am getting home late from work.  I just call ahead and pick it up.   I have never eaten there, but it seems to be semi filled on most nights.  
Not much to look at inside, but hey, its cheap and good eats.  The sandwiches are huge. I love the Traditional Italian grinder. Yum  The calzones are great too.  I havent had the pizza as yet. Maybe another time.
But my mainstays are the chicken caesar salad, the antipasto, and the mozzarella sticks.  I know, i know, not really anything fabulous, but I dunno I just like them there.  
So if you see me walking out of there with a bag, you can probably figure out what i got. Don't laugh at me!