We came out for date night and let me tell you all this was such a great experience! We ordered the happy hour special for our first time. For appetizers we had fried chicken with this amazing yellow sauce, this great salad with ginger miso salad dressing -- the bomb! And the peas were our favorite appetizer wise! For our entree we had a choice of 5 meats. We enjoyed cooking our dinner with the spicy sauce to add some more flavor, even tho the meat by itself was just as great. Addition to our entree we enjoyed two rounds Bellinis ( strawberry, peach, mango, and lychee flavor) for dessert we had s'mores!!!! Delicious! We are excited to come back again for happy hour and enjoy a different selection. The staff are very welcoming and friendly. The atmosphere is really relaxing and you feel like you are in your own private space to enjoy it! Reservations are essential!!The food is fine and reasonably priced, but it should be, since you cook it yourself. The portion sizes were small; the menu does have pictures, but they lack perspective, so portion size is hard to judge.  Would be good and fun for a large group, and the novelty is neat but overall not worthy of 4 stars.A hand written 20% tip was added to our bill automatically. If a party over 4 are automatically charged a service fee it should be clearly written on the menu however we failed to find any notice about that. Lousy service from start to end. NEVER coming back again, NO.So, my recommendation is NOT to get the AYCE at this place. This is their gimmick to get you in but then they give you 90 minutes to eat with 2 items per person. And that's fine right? Yeah, what they fail to tell you is that they will literally space out each item 20 minutes apart. So you'll be able to get like 4 stuff!!! My husband priced out the food they had given us and it was $40. We paid $70.  Order the A la Carte. I was totally hating on my server but I'm sure it was management mandated.The food was mediocre to say the least...the service was HORRIBLE! It took over an hour and fifteen minutes for them to bring out the entire order. Not to mention they forgot one of our orders which we just ended up asking them to remove from the bill because we didn't want to risk having to wait another hour for that to come out. Even something as simple as clearing the table or making sure drinks were constantly filled seemed to be a difficult task.  To top it off, adjusting the bill took them forever and one of us ended up going up to the register for the check and bringing it back to the table. They might as well promote this place as a self service restaurant, "clear your own table, get your own check" next you'll have to get your own food! Never coming back here again!I went to Gyu Gaku the Thursday before the fourth of July to celebrate starting my own business. I had a party of six and we were all seated pretty much immediately. This place is a few blocks down from my apartment and, sadly, never seems to get much business. 
I have to say that Gyu Gaku's food was amazing and the source of most its points here. My boyfriend and I split the Kobe style steak combo and had a ton to eat because it was all so delicious. I really can't say enough good things. Everything from the beginning salad, edamame, and Miso soup to the bibimbap were delectable, and the meat was no less so. It's really the best food I've had, at the best price, in a long time. 
Our server was friendly enough, and everything came out in good order. I don't really have any complaints about the service, but it honestly wasn't stellar. I would be concerned about visiting on a busy night. A weird atmosphere note: the happy 60s pop music was really strange with the Japanese theme and decor, but not unpleasant.
Honestly, though, I loved our time there, and I hope to take advantage of their lunch specials and upcoming all you can eat event! So tasty.Great place, very slow at bringing food out, hosts keeps coming to table like they want you out.... we would have been done if food was brought out at a faster rateI have never had a waitress as energic, as wonderful, as attentive, nor as happy as Crystal. You could tell that she loved her job. I was in a low mood and she lifted me up. She has such a great soul and even watching her serve everyone else was like remarkable to me. 
The food here is superb, the staff is great and Crystal just made my whole night. The hostess Montana when you enter was also super sweet. Mohamed was also super nice - he wasn't my waiter but he was great and also answered questions I had. This place as a whole made my entire night. Definitely coming here again and definitely bringing friends and family.I was very excited when I found out that Gyu-Kaku open a store in philly. They offered a good selection of meats/dishes and have some good special deals for lunch and happy hour. 
It will be a great addition to the museum district. It's not so packed yet, so not much of waiting during our visits.I've been coming to Gyu-Kaku for a long time and I really enjoy this restaurant. It's fun to use the grills and the meat and vegetables are always fresh! They also have a great app where you can rack up points for free food! 
The only negative things I have to say is that in the summer it can be a little hot with all the grills - so ventilation could be better. And at times service can be slow or things come in the wrong order.
Definitely would recommend trying this unique Japanese BBQ spot! It's so fun and easy and well-priced!i didn't want to write negative review because i'm Japanese and i have been gyu-kaku many times in japan and usa. but this one was the worst. 
We tried this restaurant on monday,2:30pm. we wanted to avoid busy time because we had 2 little kids. 
the restaurant didn't look busy and the server looked so nice in the first impression. so i thought everything would go smoothly and we could enjoy our meal like other gyu-kaku if we have 2 little kids . but It was not.
We ordered party course.
first when the server brought our miso soup, i saw her finger touched my soup. but she didn't say anything and just put it in front of me. Disgusting.
Meats and veggies came so fast. But quality was not good. 
Our rice didn't came so we had to ask. But rice was yellow that means super old. Of cause tasted terrible.
our s'mores didn't come too but we gave up to ask because we didn't see the server for a while. 
i wandered this mess was always or just today. very different other city's gyu-kaku. so we will not come back. Sorry.What a great addition to the Granary building, and to Callowhill Street! We came here on Saturday, the second day that Gyu-Kaku was fully open to the public, and we were impressed with how smoothly everything ran. We were able to be seated right away and we had the most adorable and kind server all night.
The dining here is really an experience. This is a chain restaurant that originated in Japan, and every table gets to cook their own meat and vegetables at their own pace. We had several delicious appetizers to start, including the kimchi, garlic edamame, and the spicy chicken wings. For the entrees, we ordered spicy pork, beef, chicken, and salmon in a variety of marinades, along with the assorted vegetables.
Combined with a bottle of unfiltered sake and some Sapporos, this turned out to be a surprisingly affordable and delicious meal. It's especially a great place for a small group because of the interaction with cooking while enjoying your food and conversation. What could be better!came here on week days for dinner.I made a reservation for 5 people and was seated immediatly. we order the shrimp dumpling, bibimbap, beef steak, and some kimchi raman. The overall food quality was good and service was good. will come back again. the app actually was pretty good, got me.a free smoresService: poor
e.g. Appetizers came after food, glasses were dripping wet
Food quality: ok
Totally overpriced
This is Philadelphia; you have options to find great bbqs much cheaper and far better service!Just went there today for lunch with my husband. We arrived 10 mins early than our reservation time but got the seat 5 mins after arriving. We both ordered lunch special 3 BBQ meats for $12.99. The set came with rice, salad and miso soup. 
The service was good. My miso soup came with extra plastic piece looks like the take out container rim in my cup so I let our server know then she took it back to the kitchen and got a new one for me with no attitude but no sorry. I am ok with that....
The meat  was marinated well. The portion looked small but surprisingly made me very full. Miso soup tasted good with bigger pieces of tofu compared to other Japanese restaurants and I like it. Salad dressing was quite salty to me. I also upgraded my rice to garlic fried rice bibimbap. It was yummy!
All in all we had fun grilling and eating today. We will come back and definitely bring our kids too. I guess they will have fun eating here!It is a good place and we love it. Environment and service is perfect. We have 3 girls and ordered a combination for 2  people and add wings. It's enough.This is one of the newest Gyu-Kaku's I have been to...extremely nice decor and service!  Great location so whenever I am in Philly I try to make it here.  I have been here about five times and although I can admit in the beginning they didn't get everything quite right...it has matured into one of the better Gyu's I have been to.Food is awesome but service never has their sh%t together.  I have been there multiple times and it has never gone smoothly.  There is always a long wait and you will inevitably have major things missing (aka one or more people in your party won't get served until everyone else is done).  I have dealt with the bad service while they had the 12.99 lunch special but now that it's only weekdays, we won't be coming back.Make sure you order from the combo menus. Otherwise it is so overpriced for the poor food qualityThe food was good but the service left something to be desired.
We ordered one of their dinners for two and a few extra since there were three of us.  
They began to bring our food but forgot one item until we reminded them.  They also said they couldn't get the shrimp we wanted because it was thawing slower than expected. 
All the other items tasted great and it's entertaining to talk while you cook.I don't think I can afford this place during dinner, but I came during their lunch specials, which is extremely filling and affordable. For those who have not gone to Japanese BBQ before, the meat is served raw, and you grill yourself (plus their grill is smokeless so your clothes smells less!) The meat portions are definitely small, but that is how they are served in Japan.  I've had Japanese BBQ in Asia before, and obviously the quality of kobe meat is not up to par, but it definitely fulfills the craving. Service is super nice and attentive.My partner and I decided to go here for our date night. I have been eyeing this place for a while so I was really excited. We got there and it was nice inside. We ordered A LOT of food. Wine, appetizers, noodles, a mix of veggies, and four meats. The food was WONDERFUL. I loved everything I tasted, and the idea was very cool. Our service, on the other hand, was offensive. I don't know if it was race, age, or how we were dressed, but every table around us was getting 200x more attention than us. We ordered our appetizer before our drinks. The table next to us sat down AT LEAST 15 minutes after us. They received all of their food before us, including cooked food from the kitchen. We also saw the table across from us get their food. When we asked our waiter if he forgot, he told us, "I didn't forget but they didn't start cooking it yet, they are slow." It was obvious from the tables of older, white, professionals surrounding us that the kitchen was not exceptionally slow. It took us 10 minutes from when the raw food was brought out to even get our servers attention to get a fork. Meanwhile, he was at the tables next to and across from us many times. I feel embarrassed to even mention that I personally witnessed our server fill water for both tables more than 6 times. My water, and my boyfriend's water was empty from the moment I got my food until I got the check. Oh, and when I asked for water, the server had a complete attitude. I was completely offended at the entire experience, I will not return even with the delicious food. It was a very uncomfortable situation to be in. My server was Eric...Absolutely my favorite bbq place.  The food is amazing and if you can get served by Crystal then even better.  She was energetic kind and did not miss a beat. Everything about the service was amazing, food came in in a timely matter Crystal was super friendly and attentive.  Best place to eat with the best staff.  I hope to be back soon and I will definetly try to get a table with Crystal just to enjoy my meal all the more.Great deal. Loved all the meat. 
Our server Brian was awesome and fun!Dinner review:
Saturday night ~9:15 we walked in with no reservation, no problem (after being turned away from a few popular sushi places). Good date spot as others have said, interactive meals are always fun. 
Everything was VERY good and the prices were extremely affordable.
We ordered addicting cucumber plates and fried bacon for apps- both pretty good. I'm a bacon fanatic and I thought it was only so-so, but i'm not sure what I expected (or what could be different).
A la carte meats: bistro hanger, yaki-shabu, shrimp, and sirloin
all excellent with the house-recommended marinades
Sides: assorted veggies (grilled on the bbq), miso soup, garlic bibimbap and ramen  (ramen for $7? Yes please.)
We left very full and we only ordered 1 meat per person (3-4 oz. serving) plus shared the apps and sides. 4 people - the check was about $90
The general manager that evening was also super accommodating and kind to our table (if you're reading- thanks again for helping with the bottle!!) 
The bartender was very nice and knowledgeable about their Sakes and Japanese whiskeys. The servers were very attentive. After reading other reviews i'm sorry to hear other people had such disappointing experiences. We all loved it!
I'd definitely return and bring others. Good to know there are locations in Manhattan.TERRIBLE EXPERIENCE FROM THE START.  - It took ten minutes to be seated when the restaurant was half empty. Host was grouchy 
- Plates on the table were greasy and unclean and needed to be changed 
- Ordered vegetarian noodles which came with  minced chicken (I therefore ate chicken for the first time in 30 years!)
- Hair was found in cooked asparagus which came wrapped in foil 
- Food was tasteless and greasy
- VERY slow service. 
- Manager apologized and didn't charge for food (the least she can do) 
- I will never return.Beef tongue rules！Takes ages to serve meat, But the quality of food is good as always.This place was pretty yuck :(. The only saving grace about this place was that the lychee cocktail that I ordered was strong and tasty, but the (count em!) 7 different dishes that my friend's parents ordered for us, were all either totally tasteless, or totally artificial tasting. Skip, skip, skip, there are way better places in the area, especially for the prices they charge!This is a busy place to go even if you book reservations you might have to wait by the bar for 10 minutes to get your table set up. 
My waiter was a little frazzled since I arrived with a large group. He was kind and did his best to recommend and explain anything on the menu. 
My boyfriend and I ordered dishes we could cook, but not in a group package. The Meat Lovers and other packaged courses are very pricey. We ordered separate meats to cook and it was way more affordable than I thought. I was worried about pricing before hand.
The other couples joining us ordered one of the packages over $100. The kitchen was so backed up on apps they gave then their meat to grill first. They didn't get an appetizer until they were half way done their starting meal. Our waiter even forgot about it until mentioned. 
Our waiter recommend the basil chicken and honestly I didn't find anything special about it. Keep your eye on the chicken. Don't cook anything 
in the corner if it takes the longest cooking time. I gave my boyfriend undercooked chicken. 
I suggest going here for a small date not a party of 8+. Sharing grills is a challenge if your friends order a lot of packages.   
Charge your phone and use a timer app to count the seconds of your meat cooking. Conversation and noise may side track you!Came here with my boyfriend and his family a while back. Had to wait about 20 minutes on a Friday night, but they take reservations. Service was slow, but at least they were helpful. They suggested ordering three plates of meat per person. They also gave tips on cooking the food and how long to cook each piece. We ended up staying about two hours for the entire meal.
The portions that they gave were small and pricey. The kobe style meat was so well seasoned and delicious, even without sauce. I really loved the garlic shrimp, but I wish it weren't frozen when they gave it to us. The garlic spinach was okay and it was hard to see when it was done since it was wrapped in aluminum foil. We also went through a couple bowls of beef suyiyai bibimbop, which was excellent. A must get.
For dessert, we had the exquisite Lady M's Green Tea Mille Crepe, which came with ice cream. These are pretty much only available in NYC but this restaurant imports it. It's dozens of layers of green tea pastry cream and crepes. The texture was great and it was not overwhelmingly sweet. We also had the mochi ice cream, in flavors vanilla, green tea, red bean, and mango. Definitely not fresh, but still a treat!
I would recommend coming here if you have time and money available. I would suggest getting the garlic shrimp, beef bibimbop, and the Lady M Cake!My review is by no means a reflection of the quality of food at this establishment, instead this is an issue with management....for my birthday my co workers decided to take me here for a birthday lunch, as they know I'm rather fond of the food here especially during the lunch specials.  Today we came in and once seated the hostess handed us the menus both dinner and lunch menu.  We ordered our food and all was well.....5 minutes later the waitress returned stating they no longer offer the lunch specials on Friday and that the hostess made a mistake by giving us a lunch menu.  The waitress stated that the manager refused to honor the lunch special for us and we were asked if we wanted to order off the dinner menu.  Our party decided to take our business elsewhere.... and I'm not sure I'll return.....even their website states Mon-Fri forvthe lunch specials...I'm sorry Gyu but you've lost our business on this one!I have been back several times recently since my last review and my husband and I really enjoyed it. We sat in the bar the last two times and enjoyed the apps and peach sangrias. I love the fresh slices of peach they put in the drinks....so good! Good happy hour menu, too.Not great. I first made sure with the hostess it wasn't too late (I didn't want to be THAT guy) to eat. She assured me I wasn't being that guy and ushered me to the bar. Great, game's on and I think I already know what I want for my late dinner. Might even get a drink, too. Well, many minutes pass, and there's no bartender. I see plenty of servers walking around and chatting with each other in a pack, and still no bartender or anyone asking me if I've been helped. Eventually a guy gets behind the bar and immediately starts conversing with a worker who is off shift and eating dinner. It had been about 7 minutes and I was super hungry, so I left. Bad service will run me right out.Stupid restaurant. We came there and the waitress said we had to wait for 45 hours. We waited for 1 hour! Nevertheless, the waitress said that we need wait another 45 'inured. We came along way here and the service is so bad! 
傻逼！I have never wrote a review before on any restaurant, However, This restaurant I have to show my appreciation. First I want to say the whole grill your own food is awesome. The meats was seasoned and cut perfectly! Finger licking good! They have this fried rice that I believe comes with every meal, omg! It is so freaking delicious! If you are looking for a great restaurant for date night or what have you, you need to make your reservations here you will not be disappointed. Everything is about this place is awesome, I will be paying a visit back to this placeI've been here many times and the service is always hit or miss. We've had super attentive servers, and other times we've waited in between orders (big fan of the all you can eat option) and 10+ minutes to get drinks. The food is always delicious, and the drinks are reasonably priced. If you have to wait for a table, hang out at the bar for a little bit, the bartender, Mike, makes delicious cocktails!I came here yesterday with a group of 6 for one of our friend's birthday. We had a reservation so we had no problem getting seated. This is a new place, and the service was good! The restaurant itself is nice and roomy. I've been to other gyu-kaku locations, and this one has a lot more light and space as compared to the other one I've been to (in Cupertino, CA). We ordered the $180 combo meal for 6 people, which proved to be more than enough food for all of us. Ordered a pitcher of beer too! It came with a lot of items, but I'd say my favorites were the hot oil seared tuna, the sea bass, and the kobe beef items! the bibimbap to start off with was really good as well. Overall, this was a good dinner at a place that just recently opened. After a few tweaks here and there, this place could potentially be a really big hot spot in Philly considering there aren't many Japanese bbq places around.As a Korean BBQ devotee, I have to admit that I was a little reluctant to try out Japanese BBQ. However, our dinner at Gyu-Kaku exceeded my expectations with friendly, attentive service, high-quality meat, and reasonable prices.
The location is a little removed, so the crowds aren't as crazy as other parts of the city, yet it is still quite walkable from Center City. We ordered the Gyu-Kaku set menu for two, which turned out to be the perfect amount of food, and at $65, was fairly reasonably priced. The edamame starter had a good amount of salt (so many places skimp on the salt!) and the spicy tuna volcano was a pleasantly delicious surprise, though the crunchy rice is prone to get stuck in your teeth.
Our server turned on our fire halfway through the appetizers, which seems to have been too late. The first half of our meat took a long time to cook, especially the chicken, which was cut into cubes. However, when the grill finally heated up, the meat was awesome. The chicken, which we found flavorless and tough at first, became more tender and juicy (and somehow more flavorful) when cooked at high heat. We especially enjoyed the miso skirt steak and the kalbi short rib; the skirt steak melts in your mouth while the short rib, like its Korean counterpart, packs a lot of flavor. (We are used to BBQ coming with a side of rice and we did miss it a bit.)
In general, we could have benefited from a little more explanation - we cooked a lot of our meat before the grill was ready because we didn't know any better, and we unwrapped the foil-wrapped salmon because we didn't realize we were supposed to just place the entire foil packet on the grill. (We also didn't know how long we should cook it for.)
Otherwise, the service was great - the servers were super friendly and the food arrived promptly while plates were cleared often, so the table never became too cluttered. The manager, Karen, was wonderful; she constantly checked up on the diners and helped us repair our salmon fiasco. The place does get quite smokey, but the place has high ceilings and the smoke dissipates relatively quickly. (Be prepared: your clothes will smell like meat.)
Overall, our meal started off a little lackluster, but ended on a high note. We saw other tables order bibimbap and chicken wings, both of which looked amazing. Gyu-Kaku also has a loyalty program and the points rack up pretty quickly - on our first meal, we already qualified for $5 off our meal.  Also, I just discovered they serve Lady M's mille crêpe - clearly, a return visit is in order.I originally gave this restaurant a 5 star. As stated The food and the service was great and affordable ! 
I changed my ratings because I've been back twice since my first visit and it's been really bad. The staff seems to always be different and the customer service has gotten horrible .
Management is great though, she always makes sure you leave happy. But the food and service needs to go back to how it was.Spinach and garlic in tin foil with no spice. No thanks. 
Go for the noodles. Still not great.
The cameras over every table are comforting , though.Okay30 min wait on a Sunday when there's no line in the lobby and have empty seats visible from the streetThis BBQ restaurant offers very delicious food！ The waiters did a great work！ They are active to help you and say beautiful words. Really enjoy eating in the restaurant～～～This is the first 1 star I have ever rated. I would rate 0 if there was one.
We came here at 730pm, and were asked if we had a reservation. We said no then we were told that we need to wait for 1 hour. Ok that's fine because we heard the food here is good so we would like to wait. Then we checked back at 830pm and were told that still several people waiting ahead of us and several minutes to wait. Then out of curiosity, I searched online and want to see if I can reserve online. I saw 830pm is OPEN to reserve!!! What?! So we reserved online and then were seated immediately!!! What is wrong with this fucking place! I understand that people with reservation could have some priorities but there are tables open to reserve but why don't let us get seated at first?! 
By the way, food here is just so so. I will never come back again!!!!! Don't waste your time waiting here! The management here crazy!!!!!There are better places that deserve your money.  Service is horrendous. Don't come here.
Some highlights:  Decent food.  Marinade on all the meats was nice and flavorful.  Had a party of 7.  Paid about ~44 a person after tips, taxes, etc. for this place.  
My biggest complaints:  service.  It is horrendous.  Arrived around 7 PM, had a reservation so had no wait time there.  Everyone got the all you can eat for $35 - if one person gets it everyone at the table has to get it.  Okay, simple enough.  We let them bring out everything so we got a sample of everything on the menu.  
Unfortunately this is where they take 30 minutes to get past the appetizer.  After that, takes another 30 minutes to get the real meats out and they just are INSANELY slow on service - water isn't refilled, eventually give us a pitcher of water to the table.  Waiter is inattentive and absent during the whole meal.  
One problem we also had was with our grills:  one side of the table was working fine but our side's grill wasn't heating at all at first.  Told the waitress there was a problem and our food was taking forever to heat.  She went back and took about 10-15 minutes to get the tongs to rearrange the charcoal.  It started heating but only in one spot - good enough for cooking I suppose. 
At the end of the meal, we all got smores which we toasted and ate (which was pretty delicious).  But again, service was again the sore point - had dessert, another table sitting next to us was getting cleared out but our waitress was nowhere to be seen.  Took us about 15-20 minutes for her to return and get us our cards and checks.  
$35 per head for the all you can eat + tax + gratuity came out to about $44 per person.  DEFINITELY not worth it at all for the service.  It should have been brought out sooner and everywhere else I've been at the meat is already marinated it's just a matter of bringing the food out and being attentive.
Can't believe how terrible the service is.  I am giving this place a 1-star simply because in comparison to other places it doesn't live up to the standard.  Keep in mind this is also a chain restaurant and according to my friend other locations are much, much better.
Don't come here.  Improve your service and earn your tip like any other restaurant.I've been twice and I pretty much love this place. However like others say servers are spread thin and it sometimes takes awhile for them to come back over. The meat is delicious and the grill was changed and oiled frequently. I usually get the 35/ person or 45/person we don't feel rushed and have fun. Just bring good company and you should be fine.Great for large parties! They have a party menu for groups of people that's a great deal with tons of food! Tons of meats to cook for yourself, salad, miso soup, edamame, and smores for dessert! Food is delicious and staff is attentive and friendly!Hands down the best Japanese BBQ in town! The quality of meat is great and their BBQ sauce is like no other. Servers are super attentive. Most importantly, it's the only place in Philly where you can get Lady M mille crepes! (as far as I know)I suggested Gyu-Kaku to my boy friend and his friends. They really enjoyed the food here and we only ordered most of all of Beef menu that they had (nearly). Will go back again!My boyfriend and I love it here! Whenever we feel the desire to splurge a little, we come here. Love that you can cook your food to desired tenderness and that we get a lot of little varieties of food. The meat is so good on its own we rarely use the sauces that they serve along with our meal. Big fans of their bipbimbap as well! Occasionally the service has been a tad slow and they definitely watered down the sake when we came for lunch one time. Other than that, a great spot for dates!My first time here and I had a great experience ! The food was great. My favorites were the Kobe beef and green tea crepe! Our server Eric was nice and he went through the menu with my cousin and I since it was our first time. I had no complaints whatsoever ! I would def come back again !!We came here on a sunday noon when they just opened for the day and there was many people seated and eating already.
My friend and I got the Gyu-Kaku Value for two people which was about $65.
It starts with 3 Spicy Tuna Volcano (really spicy), a plate of edamame, I enjoyed it because I'm not a fan of spicy things. It came with the Gyu-kaku Salad, steamed rice and miso soup. I really like the salad dressing.
Next was the BBQ with Kalbi short ribs, Harami Miso skirt steak, Toro Beef White Soy, Salmon Miso, Chicken Basil and a plate of vegetables. The salmon was my favorite, it was wrapped in foil so it cooked faster than the meat. The servers are very attentive checking to see if you need your grill plate changed and stuff. 
S'mores came out at the end.
Overall, a delicious dinner.This place was excellent!!!!!!!. My wife and I were in the area for a popular pizza place when we walked by this place and smelled the outstanding aroma coming out the door. We immediately changed our minds and headed in. The food was amazing and the service was great.My Japanese friend recommended this restaurant to me. I gave it a try and it was beyond my expectation. The salad dressing was delicious and balanced. The tuna poke was full of flavors. The BBQ meats were well-marinated and I liked the DIY experience. Definitely come back again!My boyfriend and I came here after running Broad St and we were FAMISHED haha as you can imagine after running 10 miles 
We have never been here before and wanted to try out their AYCE option but unfortunately we couldn't because they don't serve it on the weekends due to high volume which was kind of a bummer cause that was the whole point of us going.
We decided to do a happy hour combo dinner we chose they meaty option that had all beef cuts and it came with miso soup, salad and popcorn chicken. The popcorn chicken was really tender and juicy! We also got some Bellinis since their was a happy hour special for them too
Now onto the meat, the cuts we're flavor wise pretty good but the portions omg were barely any. We had to order extra portions of meat because we were still hungry. They gave us rice and there were 3 different dipping sauces on the table too. I do prefer kbbq because of the side dishes but with jbbq that did not come with the meal, it was on the menu but at an extra cost. 
This place was good but I would only come back during the ayce option for your money's worth. It ended up being almost $100 between the two of us and we weren't completely satisfiedI had such an incredible experience at Gyu-Kaku. As soon as we walked in we were greeted by Amy and Sabreeya who were both so sweet. Our server Jason provided excellent service and was so patient with us as we asked many questions and were unsure what to order. Jason checked in several times to make sure we were comfortable and were enjoying ourselves. The food was incredible and everything was so fresh and was prepared in a timely fashion. After my first time here I cannot wait to come back and bring friends and family with me so they can have a great experience as well.My first time here was fabulous! The food is great and our waiter crystal was absolutely amazing. I can't remember the last time we had better service. Thank you crystal!Since this is an all you can eat bbq restaurant, we were excited for our first visit and came hungry. After being here for an hour, we were still hungry. We made reservations and were seated within 20 minutes. Our first dish (appetizer side) didn't come out until 40 minutes after being seated. Don't really understand why since you have to cook your own food. I haven't yelped in years, but felt I had to for this experience since I found this place via yelp. It's hard to enjoy yourself when food isnt coming to the table in a timely manner. Good news once the raw selection comes out, it's only another 15 minute wait for the next dish.Food was good.  Not good for a large group.   We had 12 in our group.  Service needed help.  We all ordered drinks some came. The rest had to ask several times for theirs.  Food did not come out at the same time.  Some was done eating before others got there's .It's been my favorite but I will never go back since the incident yesterday.
The waitress that served us barely showed up to help. She was slow and didn't care at all. At the end, she also put the number of people in my party as 6 so the system can automatically charge 18% tip on our bill (she then used a pen to correct the number). We usually leave 20-25% tip. But we could clearly tell that she did that on purpose because she was afraid we wouldn't leave any tip. We will never go backWow, but in an awful way! 
Service was so poor that we walked in, only to walk out. The staff appears to not know what they're doing. Poorly managed, especially during the lunch hour. First we had to wait 15 minutes for an already vacant table. Once we were seated, we sat for another 10 minutes for someone to come to our table. Once we finally saw a server, they walked by us like we weren't even there. Meantime, customers at another table were desperately trying to flag down servers and weren't getting helped. That was it! We got up and left. We've been here before, but we won't be back.We had avocado salad, kalbi, harami, beef tongue, premium sirloin, sukiyaki bibimbap, and green tea mille crepes. The menu was a bit limited compared to the ones in Tokyo, but everything was delicious. My best favorite is harami for sure.
I see some people gave low ratings because the service was slow. We also needed to wait a little bit as we didn't make a reservation, but otherwise, the service seemed perfectly fine to me. Our server was very very friendly and made us feel welcomed. I would definitely come back :)Will NEVER go to this place again! This is the worst costumer service I have ever had. 20 min wait even with the reservation, nobody take orders, keep ask you to wait a sec, and we waiting for 30min for 1/5 of the food after talk to the manager, order are miss placed, bring an alcohol version of beverage to an underage people. Just no service at all, and force to charge 20% tips........My son loves this place which is why we go. As for me , if I am going to cook my own food I'd rather do it at home. It is fun though just make sure you allot yourself 2+ hours to get through the meal. The service is always good too. The only negative is that there is no leg room at the tables. My tall family was crampedSecond time here this week and can't wait to come back. The all you can eat option is a steal and the servers are amazing. Thanks again to Heaven,misty,and chasilee for a great job. The food is phenomenal and everyone in foh is super attentive. Great date spot as well, highly recommend itI don't know why this place is underrated! I am sitting inside as i am writing this and I had a wonderful experience. Our server Eric was very nice and attentive. He made sure we understood everything because this was my first time. The general manager came up to us and asked how everything was. We came for the premium lunch special and I am very full. The meats were fresh and nicely marinated, barely needed any dipping sauces. I LOVE their salad and miso soup as well. We had their green tea crepe that was also delicious. I really recommend this place. Everyone was welcoming and very sweet.We went there not knowing it would be best to have reservations but still got seated after a five minute wait. They made us felt very welcome with their greeting that I couldn't really understand. With it being our first time there, we ordered the taste menu for two. The service was great. The food came very quickly. Everything that they served us was fresh. The taste was great and the grilling was fun. The only problem we had was our hands being sticky after touching the sauce bottles.Had a good time with friends here. The meat is fresh and the sauces are tasty. In addition, the points redemption is great for people who come to the restaurant a lot! Recommend!I enjoyed myself here. Staff are friendly and helpful. I really enjoyed the rice. I cant spell it but it sounds like this  SU KI YA KI lol that just might be how its spelled. Hell if i know. But it was so darn good. I would go back for that alone. Well that probably is the only reason i would go back. Oh yeah and the spicy tuna rolls. That was really really really good as well. I have no complaints about this place. Glad i found it!Some friends and I came here for a birthday dinner last night, and had the worst experience with service. The food was very good, althogh the portions were smaller than depicted on the menu. 
We had a reservation for 830pm. At 9 they told us they were setting up our table, and at 915 they finally seated us.  So I'm not sure what the purpose of the reservation was.  We asked our waitress a few questions about some items on the menu, but she really didn't know what we were asking.  Once we ordered we did wait quite a while for the meats to come out, and all the meats and veggies came out separately.  Everyone at the table ordered a la carte, and 3 of us out of 5 ordered the filet. When she finally brought it out, she set it down and said it was a serving of 2 filet plates.  After she said she brought everything out, we had to tell her we were missing several items. 1 filet, our fried bacon appetizer that never appeared, a side of spinach and a side of bacon wrapped asparagus, and 2 sides of garlic paste.  She apologized and said the kitchen was backed up.  But why did we have to tell her?  She wrote everything down, why didnt she realize we were missing so many things?  She came right back and said the filet she brought out earlier was for all 3 orders, even though originally she said it was only 2, but she said she'd ask the kitchen to make another order.  We waited about 20 minutes when she came back and asked if everything was ok.  Had to remind her of our missing food, and again she said the kitchen was backed up.  I bought this the first time, but how does a kitchen get this badly backed up when most of the food we ordered was to be cooked by us?  All they had to do was prep it.  After another 20 minutes or so we got the spinach and the fried bacon, but no filet.  Had to ask again.  Finally got that and 2 sides of the crunchy garlic oil instead of the garlic paste.  Once we were finished eating we asked for the check, and we all thought for sure that something was going to be taken off the check or discounted given the abysmal service.  We should have known better since the manager, Serge, never came by to check on us the entire service.  They charged full price for everything.  We tried talking to the manager to explain all the issues we had with the service and he blamed us because we ate the food.  We were hungry and getting served in small increments, of course we ate everything.  Serge refused to take anything off the check or provide any discount.  On top of all this they had the nerve to include a 20% gratuity.  Nowhere on the menu did it state parties of 5 or more were automatically assessed 20% gratuity.  We refused to pay the gratuity and paid cash for all the food we consumed and left with Serge telling us we weren't worth his time.  
This is really ashame because we all liked the food very much, but the food could not make up for the lousy service or the manner in which we were treated.Great atmosphere
Fun experience cooking your own food
Awesome bartender 
Can definitely see myself going back time and time againI was really looking forward to trying this restaurant out but was very disappointed. To start I was hoping to try the "All You Can Eat" BBQ menu but they stopped doing that during the weekends since last month. Our waitress was nice but the service was so slow. We ordered group set menu Shogun. Everything that came out was too salty that everyone was gulping down their water. Portion was so small and the quality of food was definitely not worth the amount of money we paid. Maybe the one in NY is better...it does have better reviews. I don't see myself coming back to this PA location again.Went here recently for the all-you-can-eat barbecue, and was an overall great experience. I got the 'premium' barbecue selection as I saw no reason to pay extra to get the 'ultimate' when the 'premium' already had plenty to choose from.
Service had a minor hiccup here and there (there were times when we had no water), but in general it was pretty fast.
They have a large selection (20 or so items on the premium menu) of marinated pork and beef, which were all great. A favorite of mine was the spicy pork. The seaweed salad appetizer I got was less than impressive, but that's honestly not why I go to a place like this anyway. Next time, I think I'd just stick with edamame as an appetizer and focus on the meats and other barbecue items.My first time ever visiting Gyu-Kaku...and yes, I might be the only Japanese person who's never visited Gyu-Kaku before.  I just hope not all the food is the same with all they Gyu-Kaku locations...because it was really mediocre here. It was Japanese-style-Korean-food obviously being prepared by people who's never had real Japanese or Korean food.  Everything tasted off and strange.  Meats were ok.Who ever was working the front desk at 7:45-8 pm on April 13th 2016 should be fired. Terrible service! I came in and was told if I did not have a reservation It would be a 2 hour wait. So naturally I left, but checked online and saw there was a reservation slot open at 8:15! I reserved the time zone and came back in saying I have a reservation but was refused service. I asked to talk to the manager but was ignored, the guy just left the table and went into the kitchen. In my life i have never seen such bad service and it even started before I sat down at a table!$80 for 2 lunch menu (limited) - Rip off, cheap quality meats, starters and dessert. The place is dirty, extremely hot and the seats were sticky.Came here today, and I was a bit disappointed. The foods were alright. But my server Crystal seems a little bit confused. She brought other people's food to my table, and I and my friends had a hard time to get her attention as well. It was busy in the restaurant though, so could be understandable. However, the experience for us wasn't good.I made a reservation for Saturday night. It wasn't crowded when I got there so we were seated right away when we arrived early. It is casual eating which I was happy about. The menu is complicated but fort house who can't make decisions there is a page of basically suggested meals for two. We got the 65 dollar one. It was plenty, two types of beef, pork, salmon, chicken were the meats. They came with veggies to grill, rice, miso soup, salad, tuna volcanos and edamame and I ordered a side of bacon chips... Well because it's bacon. The server was really nice and all the food was really good. Especially the bacon chips.Surprisingly good! Maybe because of the fantastic server we had. Naquoai (?) My brother who is a big Japanese food fan thought it was great. The flavors are typical Japanese (nice and clean) and not quite as tasty as the Korean BBQ. Happy hour prices helped and made the experience affordable. Will be back!This is my second time going to  Gyu-Kaku. 1st time I went to Taiwan location and had a super bad experience so I told myself NEVER give them another chance. The reason why I had a very bad experience in Taiwan location is that I didn't go for all-you-can-eat option and they still gave me two-hour-limitation to eat my food because they said "we have other customers waiting"! Come-on, we had almost 10 people and do you know how long it takes to feed 10 people, especially when you have 10 people with one grill. 
However, I was told they opened one in Philadelphia and  it didn't said they also give you 90-minute to finish your food on the website so here we are that I am the fool again.
Anyway, food and service are good and only complain is they should TELL you that they only give you 90minutes on all-you-can-eat up front. When I said "up front" mean that they should put it on the website. If you can't offer all-you-can-eat, don't offer it. 
When you go to a restaurant, you want to enjoy your food, taste it and relax not battling time for your food.