So we've been wanting to try the sushiritos since they opened up a location closer to us and we finally tried it last Friday. 
I got the slammin' salmon and my wife got the crunch. I'd say they both definitely had fresh ingredients, and definitely tasted fresh, but I think the balance of flavors wasn't quite right for the slammin' salmon. Way too heavy on the sauce, completely overpowering the crisp fresh veggies and salmon. 
We tried the Japanese fried chicken. Sauce is a little sweet and sour. And the chicken was a little dry. 
We also tried their green tea and lemonade, which were pretty good, but you don't come to a place like this because their green tea and lemonade are their best things on the menu. 
Overall, you pay a high premium for a gimmicky meal. With this location being essentially at a revolving door of new customers on the corner of Penn's campus, I think they have the potential to do well. But I don't think I'll be coming back. We'll take our $34 elsewhere.Their sushi burrito was nowhere near as good as the photo suggested. Plus,  the staff seemed clueless and out of half of the ingredients.  I'll never go back.Do not get the rice bowl unless you really are more interested in the vegetables than the fish.  I chose the spicy tuna tartar which was a small dollop of unrecognizable fish cut with jicama, which you don't realize until too late and realize the small portion of fish is really an even smaller portion of fish.  Adding insult to injury, the fish, sauces and pickled veggies didn't even taste that great.   I also realized too late they have poke bowls which is what I had in mind, but dare I come back.  I doubt it.Finally, a Hai Street in University City! A perfect combination for those chipotle + sushi lovers! The ordering process is very similar to Chipotle. You can add your own ingredients into a wrap or if you're feeling like you'd rather eat with with utensils you can opt for a salad bowl. If it's your first time and you're not sure which ingredients will taste good together, I would recommend the signature items! Even with the signature items you can switch things up with your own preferences. I had the Slammin' Salmon which was filled with tataki salmon, gochujang sauce (a red chili and soybean korean sauce), romaine, cucumber, red cabbage, pickled jicama. This blend of the ingredients made for a delicious sushirito! 
The service was friendly and fast as well! The interior was clean and modern with ample seating. For fast and delicious sushirito, this is a convenient place to grab your food and go. For convenient location, great food, decent prices, and innovative concept I give this location 5 stars. I would definitely come back to try The Crunch!Went today for the first time and definitely wasn't disappointed! Super friendly staff helped us order as first timers and recommended some good ones and it was very clean inside. I had the Hai Street Chicken and it was phenomenal! I paid extra for the Go Zilla and the extra piece of chicken was definitely worth it. $22 for 2 burritos and a sweet green tea which really isn't too bad. Be careful of the spicy mayo thought, that shit is SPICY!Hai street kitchen's sushi burritos are hit or miss. The first time, the spicy salmon (slammin' salmon) had actual salmon Sashimi in it, albeit not enough to warrant the price tag. The second time however, there was not enough fish at all. The tuna was so sparse that it was hard to taste over the pickled radish and other vegetables wrapped up in the roll. I am far from satisfied and your money is definitely better spent somewhere where they provide more than a sushi gimmick.Super interesting concept. I'm a sushi lover myself, and chose the Spicy Tuna type item when I ordered.
It tasted great and was filling, though I have to remove a star for price. It takes about 30 seconds to make the roll and paying almost double an actual spicy tuna roll's cost at a sushi restaurant definitely stings.
If only this place were there when I went to Penn!I recently had my first sushirrito. To be clear, I wanted to give this place all the stars because I loved the idea! Obviously, it is pricey, but I was expecting that. Although I felt the ingredients were fresh and delicious, it was very hard to eat because it was falling apart which made me feel like they still haven't gotten the full swing of things. It was also frustrating because I ended up dropping more than I ate. For now, I would suggest going for the bowl since it still has all the great parts but just not the mess and waste!
Hope some of the links get worked out soon!I was intrigued by the Sushi burrito idea which led to my first visit at Hai Street. Their reputable business in Center City has a modest fame and they will most likely achieve success in Ucity. 
I got the Hai street Chicken wrap with Crispy Tempura. Rich in fusion flavors and the ingredients were super fresh. The only thing was that it was A HUGE MESS when trying to eat it because the fillings all fell apart. I mean it's a sushi burrito. 
I encourage anyone to try it though.Not bad! I got a burrito with salmon and it was a yummy, salty mix of flavors. Sushi burritos have a collapsability about them that makes eating them a bit more challenging, which I find entertaining. 
The burrito a rather underwhelming size (compared to the giant logs of food you get from regular burrito places) and the flavor of the fish didn't blow me away (compared to the flavors you might experience at a serious sushi place, or an expensive piece you get from a good grocery store). 
It was acceptable and satiating, but it felt like most of my taste bud reactions were coming from how they spiced and/or marinated their ingredients, rather than the freshness of the ingredients themselves. For the $10+ price, which made me feel like I was splurging a bit on an extra-exotic burrito, it didn't feel like I got much more food value than a regular burrito. 
However, I had a really nice server ! It's always interesting when the people are both charismatic and attentive. Their bowls looked larger and more impressive, so I'll see how their bowls are next time!One of the best things I have eaten in University City. My mom said it was one of the best things she has ever eaten period, which is not normally said and HUGE compliment. I ordered the hai street chicken and was definitely not disappointed. The textures were perfect, crunchy from the veggies, tender from the chicken, and soft from the rice. The flavors of all of the components were PERFECT! I am going back tomorrow and recommend that others try this place out too!I really enjoy this place for lunch.  They have very limited seating, which is kind of annoying since I have to walk a bit of a ways to get here from work, just to turn around and get back to my desk to eat.  Although, I will say that the few tables they have here is better than the center city location, they only have a few stools and a long table against a wall.
I really like to make my own creation, I usually get the salmon with various veggies such as the papaya, jicama, carrots, etc.
I also like either the spicy mayo or the peanut sauce as my sauce.  The only reason I have not trued the other sauces, is because there is no description of them to be found and the restaurant is usually pretty busy when I am there, so I feel like I am holding people up if I ask. The staff usually wants to get you order quickly and get to the next customer.
I also enjoy either the fried shallots or garlic as my crunch.
I do which there were more meat/fish options.  I would love to have more sushi quality fish in my sushirtto.  It is kind of disappointing when the only non-fried fish option and there are no real sushi fish options either since everything is cooked. However, even though I wish there were more options as stated above, I do always enjoy the salmon.Very cool eating sushi in the form of a burrito! I had the spicy tuna tartare with white rice, cucumber, and carrot. Everything was fresh and tasty. I'd definitely come back again when I have the extra money since this place is a little on the expensive side.I heard so many great things about the restaurant. I got to go to this location and got a bowl with grilled chicken and the pepper teriyaki sauce and the sauce was just a lot, too peppery and salty.Maybe I'll ask next time to not overdo it with the sauce but it just didn't impress me. I was with a friend and she got the burrito with the Tuna and she also didn't like it as well.I think this place is either a hit or miss. The last time I was here I got the Hai Street Chicken and thought it was great and super filling - ended up saving half of it for dinner and it was still good. However, the first time I came here I got a salmon roll and found that not as flavorful or filling. In the end I'm not quite sure how I feel about this place yet but in the meantime I'll just stick to the regular style sushi instead.The idea of a large salmon roll seems really alluring, but I think there's something missing here. I had the tataki salmon roll with brown rice, carrots, cucumbers, spicy mayo, and spicy guac with the fries garlic crunch. The roll was okay. It wasn't amazing and certainly not worth the $9+ dollars I spent on the roll. It wasn't the worst thing I've ever tasted, but for these prices I could just get a typical sushi roll and be very pleased. There are plenty of signs up about the freshness of the food though, so if that's important to you this could be a good place for you. I did appreciate seeing everything out and ready with the assurance that it was all simple fresh ingredients.I'd really like to avoid writing disparaging reviews about any establishment, but I was fairly disappointed by the service & portions at this location. It's a bummer because I enjoyed the Hai Street in Center City and I was beyond excited at the expansion of fast(ish) food options in University City. 
I always get the Gozilla version, which is supposedly a "monster size" for whatever sushi-burrito you choose because the regular sizes are not filling (and I'm a fairly petite person). Basically I believe they're meant to double the meat for the Gozilla, and at other locations, it makes a decent sizable difference. However, the several times that I've visited this location, EACH time I feel like my Gozilla "monster size" sushirritos are absolutely no different from regular, which are small to begin with (probably less than two or three inches in diameter). I've tried the Gozilla with the Hai Street Chicken, the Slammin' Salmon, and Chili Citrus Pork, and I'm not going back because it wasn't worth it each time. I think the main problem is that I can see them just eyeballing the sushirrito, because sometimes they look at it and then add or take away a strip of meat, so I feel like there aren't any consistent standards and you're left at the discretion of the servers, who don't seem particularly friendly.
My biggest take-away is go to the Hai Street Kitchen in Center City to get your money's worth, or walk around the corner for the dependable Chipotle!I like it. Clean restaurant. Nice food. It's not exactly like sushi but as good as sushi. I like these cold food in summer time.Hai Street Kitchen has been open about six months now in University City and it is a great addition to the culinary scene.  Its concept of using all fresh ingredients selected by you for a prepared-in-front-of-you Nori roll is excellent.  Actually because of the size, everyone calls it a Sushirito (a cross between sushi and a burrito)! Whatever it is called, the result never fails to be delectable and it def feels healthy at the same time.  Hai Street can get busy at dinner time with lots of Penn students heading towards it but believe me it's worth the slight wait.  My favorite concoction so far is nori and brown rice with pickled jicama, red cabbage, carrot, grilled aubergine, and chili lime marinated pork splashed with spicy mayo and gochujang sauce.  It's a total taste bomb.  btw - everyone who works at the Hai Street in University City is totally friendly.  Check it out!Sushi burritos for a crazy jacked up price.  My handful of meals here were all decent (tried a few different rolls including ones with chicken katsu and grilled chicken), but none of them were worth the $10.  Food wasn't very filling and I just can't justify paying that much for a couple pieces of chicken rolled in rice and seaweed.Delicious food! So glad this restaurant has opened in UCity. I got a rice bowl with Chicken Katsu and spicy peanut sauce. The chicken was really well cooked and extremely savory. The sushi burrito also seems like a unique delicious dish. Definitely coming back hereHave you ever wondered what would happen if a sushi and a burrito had a special hug? Heard your younger hipster friends throw around the word "sushi-rito" and wondered if it had anything to do with Tinder or MySpace? Then come on out to Hai Street kitchen, where you can have a real-life "sushi-rito" for lunch!
As the name suggests, sushi-ritos are a cross between a Chipotle burrito and a sushi roll. It's larger than normal sushi, and you can pick ingredients that aren't just tuna and salmon. I opted to try the Hai Street Chicken -- a sushi-rito made with chicken-katsu (breaded/fried chicken), brown rice, strings of pickled radish, guacamole, and a dash of not-too-intense wasabi. Overall, it was kind of nice. The rice was cooked well and had a nice texture, and the chicken and vegetables went well together. The flavor was a bit on the lighter side, but that is easily remedied. The one drawback is that a sushi-rito is slightly more difficult to eat than a real burrito -- the paper wrapping sticks to the skin of the sushi, and is slightly difficult to peel off as you eat it. But no big whoop. It still goes well with the Jasmine tea!I am giving this place three stars because I think I did it wrong. I'm the kind of person who doesn't feel full when I get a cold meal, and that's exactly what I did.
Chipotle style line up, but sushi/teriyaki fillings. I got the spicy tuna, with cabbage, carrots, cucumbers, avocado slaw, rice, and black pepper teriyaki as my sauce. It was really a giant sushi roll. It was delicious and I loved the first couple bites, but after a while I was kind of eh on the whole thing. But I also get that way with sushi, so surprise! 
I think next time I come here I'll get a teriyaki/hot protein so that it kind of ends up like a stone bowl wrapped up in a seaweed thing. 
Warning, it is on the expensive side. But if you think about it, you pay $13 for a sushi roll with all this stuff, and the portions here are bigger so I guess it adds upNot bad, but not great, our experience at Hai Street Kitchen was meh. Service wasn't the greatest, the food wasn't the freshest (our choices of meat or mushroom weren't cooked to order, therefore we have no idea how long ago they were prepared), and said food was also overpriced for what one gets.
We do not believe we got our money's worth, and it's sad because this place could be so much more. Not sure if we will be back again.I've been to a few sushi burrito places now but this is our first time here. This place is like the chipotle of sushi burrito. We didn't know what to choose for customize roll so we opted for the "featured rolls". I thought this place was okay. I had the flamin tuna here. The flavor I thought was way too overpowering. The gochujang sauce and the beets I thought what made this burrito mediocre. I didn't like how the tuna was minced and you can barely taste it. 
My wife had the ho-lee shrimp burrito. She didn't really enjoy it either. Same as what I thought about the flamin tuna. The beets just wasn't a good addition to it in our opinion.
Wish I was able to give at least a 4 to 5 star review but both my wife and I thought the beets were too sour for sushi burritos.This place is pretty darn good.  Consider it the Chipotle of sushi where you get to build your meal.  The food was good that I ordered (salmon) and the seasoning was delicious! Cute little place to go and eat and just hang for a little while.  Definitely going back to build something else! :)To sum it up: pictures look better than it really is. 
These "sushirritos" are just bigger uncut versions of actual sushi rolls. Literally, it's just seaweed, filled with the same rice, veggies, sauce, and meat as you would put in a roll (your choice), and wrapped in paper instead of cut up into small pieces. Yes, it looks really good, but you will spend $10 to still be hungry. I am a small female who doesn't eat large portions, but I could've eaten 2 in one sitting (but of course, I can't afford such luxury).The sushi burritos are super filling and tasty, with lots of customization options. The ordering style is similar to Chipotle or Subway. Hai Street is always a good choice for a quick but good meal. You can also get a drink for $1 if you buy a sushirito, though unfortunately the green tea one is extremely watered down to the point where there's only a faint hint of matcha, and the iced tea one is just nasty.Sushi as a burrito... I would have NEVER THOUGHT!! I originally saw this in their food truck my lunch break. I was so taken back on how good it was. The HOLi- lee-  shrimp was excellent and the salmon was good too. The chipotle mayo sauce is to DIE FOR!! I just recently tried the new soft shell crab burrito and that was good. I just don't think I'm a personal fan of a soft shell crab. I will always come here and I'm glad I they have a truck as it so convenient when I can't make it to one of the locationsLove the concept. I steer clear of burritos because heavy and way too much. However, I love mixed veggie maki but it seems like snack. This is the perfect in between. This is a good summer day option that is light and not greasy (if you get it vegan and easy on the sauce.)Clean restaurant, friendly staff and AMAZING food. The slammin' salmon was the best thing I ever tasted.I am a huge sushi fan and eat it regularly, so of course I had to try out the hyped up sushirrito for myself! I did try a tuna roll from the Center City location a few months before, but my friend had brought me the roll and I didn't end up eating it until 2 hours or so after it was bought..which made it soggy. Therefore, I had to try out a sushirrito for myself just to make sure I wasn't biased!
For someone who loves a burst of flavor in each sushi bite, the sushirrito really doesn't cut it for sushi lovers. I tried the Crunch and the Special Salmon rolls, so I didn't create my own, and both were pretty good but ultimately not extraordinarily satisfying. I enjoyed the shrimp tempura in the roll and how full the rolls were of vegetables, but I would've preferred cut up sushi instead. The salmon in my roll was not the freshest, but was decently tasty for a quick lunch. 
The staff was very friendly and the rolls created quickly, so I had a great experience with the service! I would definitely come back again to try another roll just because it makes me feel healthy while eating them. It's a fun experience though, so I do recommend sushi lovers to try one and take one out for a convenient lunch or dinner since they come in cute little boxes.I was super exciting about this place! UntiI I started eating, that is.
The concept is great. A sushi roll like a burrito: fast simple convenient, you'd think. But in the end it's just another case of unjustified hype. A trendy experiment gone wrong. 
I tried to keep things tradition with the salmon roll. I love sushi, so I thought, how could I go wrong?? As it turns out, whatever sauce they lather it with totally overpowers any hint of sushi flavor, leaving my sushi desire unfullfilled, and my excitement crushed by diappointment. 
Totally overpriced, overambitious, overcomplicated. I'd rather eat some real sushi next door at Mizu.Hai Street is a good new addition to the University City food scene. 
Hai Street is known for its "Sushirritos." If you ask me, there is nothing burrito-like about them except for their size and they are not very sushi like either. They are kinda like giant sushi, but with very non-traditional sushi ingredients.
I've have tried a few of the rolls from the menu, and my favorite was the Hai Street Chicken. The chicken katsu and green papaya salad in it were delicious. You can also make your own roll if none of the pre-determined ones on the menu sound good to you. You can also get your meal as a bowl instead of a roll if you wish. 
My real qualm with Hai Street is that I am never very full after eating there. The sushirritos look huge, but they are actually not that big or filling. I have overheard multiple people in the restaurant saying, "I am actually still kinda hungry..." after eating their sushirritos. 
Overall, the food is tasty and a modern take on sushi. Since it is not too filling, it is good to eat when you need a boost but do not want to be weighed down with food.As a millenial who both likes sushi and occasionally takes food pics, Hai street kitchen is a place I've been meaning to try for a while.
I ordered the SS Crab, which seems to be a formerly popular item that has returned to the menu. I liked how I was given the option between white and brown rice -- although not customarily used in sushi, brown rice gives the option of cutting some of the empty carbs from the sushi burrito. It had a tangy sauce that I liked (it might've just been spicy mayo), and also the pickled red onions added a nice crunch.
Perhaps the biggest con for me was the price -- after tax and everything, my sushirito turned out to be about $15 (??!!) To be fair, this was the most expensive sushi burrito they had (it was around $13, and most were $10 or below), their sushi bowls seemed larger and more worth for the price, and also sushi is always on the pricier side. Still, I guess I expected more crab meat and less crispy crab coating for the price and all the signs they had around the store promoting the return of this item to the menu.
All in all though, it was still an enjoyable and quality meal! Everything was made really fresh (when i came, they were still cooking the crab). It's the kind of place worth trying, but I wouldn't eat here regularly (for the sake of my wallet), or I would at least order one of the less expensive items (that maybe has fish instead of crab).I keep coming back to Hai Street to give it another chance, but they never cease to disappoint me. The first time I got a sushirrito from here, the ingredients were not fresh (the tempura was tasteless and veggies were limp) and they skimped so hard! The sushirrito was 75% rice and 25% ingredients... For $9-11, I'd rather get a healthier and yummier salad from Greek Lady or go to Jake's Sandwich Board next door for their BOGO cheesesteaks, thank you. After a 10-month hiatus, I decided to give them another try and went back with friends for Ai Ramen's pop-up shop. $11 after tax for their Ai Ramen was what I expected to pay, but their "24-hour super amazing pork broth" was pretty watery (maybe watered down?) and the flavor was just salt. Compared to Terakawa or Ramen Bar, it was definitely bringing up the rear. Just saying, Ai Ramen has a location in Rittenhouse inn the Shops at Liberty and had heard mixed reviews, but wanted to try it for myself. Well, now I know! The reason I'm giving 3-stars is because I appreciate their creativity and modernness. I do see their Hai Street Kitchen & Co food truck which looks so cool it makes me want to go eat there even though I know the quality of food is not the greatest... and the fact that they're one of the only sushi with a modern twist (compared to Mizu next door which is your regular small tiny sushi rolls). I'm from California so maybe that's why this review is pretty harsh (#sorrynotsorry), but I do appreciate the strides they're taking in University City. Maybe they inspired Poke Man to start a Poke bowl shop at 3737, maybe an Acai Bowl place will open soon? One can always hope~The sushiburritos are AHHHHH-MAZINGGGGGGGG. VERY fresh and crisp and flavorful! I am a meat lover, but I absolutely love the Crispy Shroom (portobello) burrito -- funny, it's probably my favorite actually. The Hai Street Chicken (chicken katsu) was great too. The Crunch (shrimp tempura) was ehh, not impressive -- too much mayo, and I'm not a fan of the spiciness and can't really taste the shrimp at all (very weak, mild taste). I tried each burrito with wasabi and thought the chicken and the shrimp burritos tasted better without it, but the portobello was amazing with it. The chicken and the shrimp had a lot of sauce/mayo, so I feel the wasabi killed the flavor of these burritos, making them taste kinda flat and soggy. However, the portobello was perfectly crispy and had only a light dressing, so the wasabi complemented it really well. (You really don't need to get the wasabi though, and I think you probably have to pay for that if you want it.)
People complain that the sushiburritos are expensive for the size, but I thought the price was pretty decent and the portion size was good. I work out a lot and am always hungry, but I felt satisfied with one full-sized burrito (for lunch, at least). There were a lot of rice and vegetable fillings, so it felt like I was eating a lot of things in each bite.Giant sushi?! Hooray! I have been waiting to go here for months and was NOT disappointed. I was a little nervous at first because I didn't really know how to order. The roll makers were incredibly helpful and explained the process to me. I was so happy to see the calorie counts next to the rolls! I'll definitely be back!The Crispy Shroom burrito was a perfect vegetarian option! I will definitely be going back. Only rated it as a 4 as it is ok sized for the price and it might (if you are very hungry) leave you wanting more.There was a lot of hype about Hai Street when it first opened, but it's definitely died down as people have realized that a) the portions aren't that large and b) it's quite pricey for the amount that you do get. The overall ambiance is still nice and there's an outdoor seating area to enjoy your sushi burrito.I used to get their dynamite slamming salmon roll regularly (once every week) until they decided to discontinue it for lack of ingredients (like eggs). It's still on the menu but for the last 3 times I have been they told me they can't make it because they run out of eggs. So why just not take it out of the menu :/ Also, there is a grocery store "Fresh grocer" right across the street!!!!Really a 3.5. It's about exactly what you would expect - a sushi-themed Chipotle. Except what makes Chipotle special besides the deliciousness of the food, is that the portions are huge yet reasonably priced. Hai Street has 1 of those 3 down - the food is good. However, the burritos are not really enough if you're a hungry guy, and you usually have to pay around $10 for one. If they were just 15% bigger or a dollar cheaper, this place would be a 4 or 5 star place.I had the slammin salmon for my first and last visit to hai street.  It is an average size sushi roll, re-named a "sushirrito". It is actually less filling than an average california roll because it is ~75% filler cabbage stuff, 15% salmon, 10% rice and seaweed. After I saw how small it actually is, I knew I would need a side so I ordered the chips and wasabi guac. What a horrible idea, it was hardly edible.  I can see why the place was so empty. Won't be returning again.This was the first time I had sushi burritos. So I am partial that this set the standard pretty high at least compared to the  one I had in MIami later. 
I always get the slammin Salmon large. It's large enough that you're full but you don't feel bloated aftewards and digest nicely later. I love the choice of veggies inside and slight spicy kick to the salmon inside that I think other sushi places forget to do that truly makes the flavors kick. the veggies inside were pretty creative like jicama and fun stuff. The food is fresh and it's neat to watch someone make a WHOLE FAT sushi roll and NOT CUT IT after wards and know you're about to put that whole thing your mouth sans the politeness of chopsticks that you eat with sushi. 
It's pretty good to go to with friends and for a late night snack since they open pretty late. If you're a college student, it's a nice place to go at night if you're craving for sushi and don't want to sit down or eat a small box with all the pleasantries of chopsticks and wasabi and soysauce and stuff.I think they hype of this place is its slight downfall.  I mean who doesn't like sushi and burritos right? Why not combine these two delicious foods surely it will be a homerun! Well more light an infield single.  Its just not that amazing. 
The ingredients seem fresh, and the visual appeal is there.  Its significantly smaller than a chipotle burrito, so if you are really hungry one may not be enough. 
The place is small maybe 3 tables and a hightop wrapping around the windows.
The biggest problem i saw with the idea is that everything is arranged like sushi so its visually appealing: all the cucumbers in one area, imitation crab in another and so on.  So unless you have the largest mouth in the world. you are generally eating rice and one, to two ingredients at the same time,  therefore not getting that one complete bite like you would if it was a sushi roll. To me that ruins the experience. Its not terrible, but it just loses its sushi-ness.  At about $10 for a burrito i think its a bit pricey, frankly after the novelty of eating it  has passed, I would rather spend $7 for Chipotle.
I also got some sort of green tea drink, was pretty terrible, so i would not recommend that.The place was very clean and at lunch at 1pm on a Monday was not busy at all. It was a beautiful day so we got to sit outside at the library park down the street. I feel amazing after eating there, too. Very healthy option next door to McDonalds. Got a very fresh salad with grilled chicken, greens, pickled onions and pickled jicama, cabbage and spring mix with peanut sauce and wasabi guac and peanuts on top. The wasabi guac wasn't too spicy, but packed in the flavor! The whole salad was delicious but by the end very wet. That had to be due to my choice of ingredients, and the fact that I'm a slow eater. My friend had the roll, but I can't imagine biting off pieces off a nori wrap. It seems weird to me! She said it was awesome, so maybe next time.  I'll go back for sure.Sushi & burrito, sounds like a weird combination. However, I was pleasantly surprised with how well he flavors worked together in the burrito. I had half tuna and half slammin' salmon, I would recommend adding avocado too. If your a sushi fan I would DEFFFF recommend you try this. The white rice is tastier than the brown rice, but the brown rice is better for you hahaJust might be one of my top restaurants and food now! Sushi burrito...I've never heard of such a thing.
Whoever made it is an epic food genius who struck PLATINUM.
I've had the Slammin' Salmon and the Hai Satay thus far and both were like an explosion of fresh flavors in my mouth. Interestly, I like the crisp vegetables much more than the proteins..which works out for me since the ratio of veggies to protein is pretty high. I absolutely melt to a putty out of love for the peanut sauce that comes with the Hai Satay. I need to get my hands on that for some summer rolls....
All in all, friendly staff & fusion of japanese, vietnamese, korean and more in the burritos. I feel happy and so satiated. I can't wait to come back! I just wish I wasn't a poor college student.After hearing about hai street for the past year and seeing the pictures all over Instagram, I just had to try it out for myself. I think I hyped it up for myself though, because my expectations were a little too high. Not saying I didn't like it, but I definitely didn't love it.
I would give it another try because it's pretty healthy, ingredients are super fresh, and I want to try the chicken katsu and shrimp tempura, but I still can't quite put my finger on what didn't "wow" me about this place. 
A few observations would be that the spicy mayo is super spicy and I loveddddd the wasabi avocado!If you are a sushi lover like me, who also happen to love putting big things in my mouth. Sushi burrito is your best bet. 
Pro:
- Fairly new concept, hybrid of sushi and burrito gives burrito a slightly healthier alternative
- Simple and fast service, perfectly for students who just wanna grab something quick 
-Great location. Located in the heart of university city, close to grocery store, movie theaters and bars
- Poke bowl available for people who don't want to make a mess 
Cons:
- Pretty price for a burrito and Guacamole is extra. UGH
- Maybe have more options on fish instead of just Tuna and salmonHai Street Kitchen is famous for their revolutionary sushirittos, which are out of this world. My favorite signature roll is the Slammin' Salmon with Tatami Salmon, Gochujang sauce, romaine, cucumber, pickled jicama, and red cabbage. You can also make your own roll with a wide variety of choices for rice, protein, veggies, sauces, and toppings. I would recommend this place to any sushi lover!!This little restaurant is so unique! If you enjoy fresh, healthy foods this is your stop. Hai Street makes sushi/burrito hybrid foods. The salmon is delicious, but the chili citrus pork is the best. All of the produce is fresh. I even saw them pickling their own red onions while I was eating.No, just no. Had the Slammin Salmon, way too much large cucumbers and carrots. Was not enjoyable so became difficult to eat. 
First time trying a sushi burrito, will have to try some other restaurant.I always thought the sushi burrito was overhyped but I was starving one day so I went in to grab some food. the place is really clean cut and the workers are really friendly. got the chicken katsu burrito and it was actually really good I was shook. probably not the most healthy thing to eat but a really good place to stop by for a quick lunch !!! I have yet to try the poke bowl tho I don't think I'm ready to take that step ....always a great experience at Hai Street! My go-to is the Slammin' Salmon and it seems like they have added more salmon recently compared to when they first opened- definitely a plus!
The staff is always polite and quick to put together your order. My sushi-burrito was packed with fresh ingredients, and they're happy to swap in some ginger sauce instead of the spicy stuff- just ask! Overall, great for a quick and unconventional sushi fix! I'll have to come back for the poke bowlsPoke and burritos should stay to their individual  strengths. The medium size is way too big to taste any flavor of the fish like the screaming tuna which is made with gochujang that's overwhelmed by too much veggies. The chili citrus pork will just make you want a real burrito because the meat & salsa Verde are weak sauce. Also the salsa wet the nori too much, now its a wet sushi burrito! But I must say the "sushritto" is visually stuning, your followers on the gram will be jelly.Sushi burrito fun PLUS you get to make your own! I've had many sushi burritos before, so I loved the option to choose my own ingredients.They really do pack the veggies here and for me, that's a huge plus. I wish they would put a little more fish into the roll, though. I'm so glad Hai Street will be opening up another location at King of Prussia, so I'll be able to get try their signature items as well, although I have a feeling I will probably stick to making my own!
Price is typical and what I would expect. Staff was adequately friendly, nothing special here. I was in and out very quickly and pleased with my visit.- Too much rice 
- Doesn't taste like sushi 
- The vegetables are too cold 
- Fish is ok 
- Food is not that special 
This is my first time here but i really not recommended this place. Pretty disappointed... :(Over the summer, I worked in downtown San Francisco, across the street from Sushirrito, so maybe I'm somewhat spoiled.
This place is pretty good, although obviously don't expect a huge meal. If you want that, go next door to Jakes. I got the Slammin' Salmon. It was pretty good, although it sort of fell apart very early on... The gochujang sauce was tasty, and a good amount of spice, which I appreciate. 
This wasn't super memorable, hence the 3 stars. I'll probably go back, but it's not really a destination spot for me.Ordered the Philly Steak. I have eaten here before so I know the difference in portion size of the protein for the regular and Go Zilla. This was my second visit and I decided to try their Go Zilla portion. As they were putting together my order, I noticed that the amount of Steak was small. I voiced out my observation to them and told them that that amount is not Go Zilla. They paused looked at each other, were in discussion and finally told me that it will be a few minutes because they will bring out more steak because they just finished off what was left in the front counter.  This disappoints me because for someone that is a first timer, they would have been taken advantaged off by Hai crew and not given the Go Zilla portion. They don't spread out the filling over the wrap, so when they roll it up it is not fairly distributed when you take a bite.  Because of this, I lost faith in them. I am never returning back. The price itself does not warrant the size that you get.Pretty good stuff.  Interesting mix of an oversized sushi roll with hot proteins (chicken, mushroom, shrimp).  You can choose your own filling or pick a house special.  I did the latter and went with the chicken satay.  Very fresh and tasty.  Medium heat.  I have a big appetite and walked away filled.  My adult daughter got the crispy 'shroom wrap, enjoyed it very much and could only eat half. 
The sushi-ritos run about $9.50 each, and I feel worth it.
This place has the feel of a chain? Is it?  A mystery to me, but I will be back.I discovered this place when eating next door at the sammich place and put it on my "to try" list. Today I pulled the trigger and went with a coworker for lunch. I was not disappointed! 
We were there before the lunch rush and since they weren't busy there was no rush to order/prepare the food. We got to chat a bit with the guy behind the counter and he was upbeat and fun to talk with; he has a great sense of humor! I tried the shrimp tempura (sushirito?) with brown rice, cabbage, carrots and cucumbers and avocado. Also got a side of chips and wasabi guac. Since it was my first visit the guy behind the counter gave us a 1st timer 10% off which was so nice! He didn't have to do that but we both really appreciated that he did. Also, when my friend didn't want very many of the veggies, he went back and gave her more of the ones she had ordered, so her burrito wasn't too small. Now, on to the food! It was delicious. My biggest complaint when ordering wasabi flavored things is that there's never enough of it. I want it to punch me in the face and reach for a kleenex. This didn't go that far but it didn't disappoint! The burrito was really good and came together well; everything was so fresh! The only complaint I could come up with would be that it would have been nice if the tails had been removed from the tempura shrimp. I'd go here again, and often if it was just a touch cheaper. I also really loved the music they were playing and now have a new pandora station to jam to.So... this is Korean Kim-bob. Most of the stuff on the menu I've had before when I was in Korea at the Kim-bob shops you find in every block of the city of Seoul.very cool. 
this place has such an interesting vibe to it, and such an interesting concept behind it.
I love sushi. I love raw fish. I love many things to do with these things.
I also love things I can eat with my hands while walking.
On this point, the burrito isnt very "to go" appropriate cause they fall apart pretty easily.
However, flavour wise, I am very much pro what they are trying to do. You can make your own creation or pick a flavour combination they already have, both of which are good ways to go. Also, their eggplant miso is nice and chunky and a meal in and of itself, albeit a little bit oily. 
In conclusion, yum to the idea, ok to the execution, and thumbs up for a solid somewhat healthy lunch choice.As a lover of both sushi and burritos, you would be led to believe that a sushirrito would be a dream food for me. Unfortunately, that would be wrong. My expectations coming into Hai Street Kitchen were quite high, what with the new location and campus buzz surrounding the institution. However, what transpired was a pretty mediocre meal for over $10. Not the kind of grub I'm going for as a college student.
Especially in the age of organic, locavores, and sustainable sourcing, I do believe there is a place in the food landscape for a place like Hai Street. Yes, that does mean slightly higher prices and perhaps lesser convenience. Still, I can't give Hai Street a pass for coming up with a food item that ends up being less than the sum of its parts. I'd rather buy $10 worth of California rolls and be full than pay the same amount for a disappointing sushi/burrito (I refuse to use the term sushirrito ever again) that leaves me still hungry.This place is the BEST..... the biggest sushi roll I've ever had. It was delicious. It was so big that I could not finish it all. I will definitely be for lunch during the week.1. sushirito is a cool idea
2. speedy service
3. a bit on the pricier end
Consumed: Crunch Roll (Shrimp Tempera) 
I really commend whoever invented the idea of sushirito. It's such a good idea and quite convenient to consume on the go! 
I enjoyed the crunch roll, however it seemed to lack something. Maybe the rice wasn't quite the consistency I wanted or maybe I didn't like the shredded cucumbers, but something didn't quite click. I guess also the idea that the entire thing only contained 2 shrimps for almost $10 didn't taste very good. Though I would go back to give the Slammin Salmon roll a try and maybe my overall impression of Hai Street Kitchen will change. 
I think this visit has certainly inspired me to go on my personal sushirto-making adventures!Overpriced whitewashed Asian fusion (?) with shit ingredients. Never seen the avocado actually fresh green like it's supposed to. If you wanna go id advise the first half of the day because any valuable ingredient like salmon runs out unbelievably quickly like they stock enough for 5 bowls. That said, if you've never tried a gimmicky fat sushi"rrito" before, go right ahead so you don't have to ever go back.I've been here twice. The concept is very much like Chipotle - you line up at the counter to tell them what you want, and they make it in an assembly-line fashion in front of you.
The first time I went was during a crazy lunch rush-hour, so the line was very long. The second time was after dinner and there was no line. Overall, the quality is ok. I've tried 4 different sushi burritos by now. I get that they want to combine sushi and burrito, but JUST PICK ONE! I'd rather get sushi or burrito separately.
Also, the service from the guy who last served us was not very pleasant...
Guy: "Do you want [x] or [y]?"
Bf: "Which one do you recommend?"
Guy: *disgusted stare*
...... ok. Maybe he had a bad day.When I first heard about its opening in the area I was extremely excited and even attended the grand opening event and got a free sushi burrito. After here a few more times the experience was underwhelming. The food here is very good and is cooked fresh everyday. My issue is the concept of the sushi-burrito. I like sushi and I like burritos. Not so much of a fan of combining both. 
BTW: BIG FAN of the Green Tea from here. I highly recommend itHai Street Kitchen used to be a fave of mine, whenever I was hungry & nearby. But, they seem to have gotten rid of the tastiest food on the menu so that customers are left with mediocre choices. Service is uneven.
FOOD
Unfortunately, they got rid of my fave sushirrito filling: the crispy mushroom. It was tasty! You can go with their recommended combo, but I prefer to substitute out the vegetables I prefer.  5 stars 
I also tried the salmon sushi chunks. I found the salmon boring in terms of flavour (just tasted like the sauce) & just not as good. This roll was not well-constructed; it had too much space inside & fell apart. The salmon was okay but just not especially tasty. 3 stars
I once tried the pork option, which was also quite tasty. They don't seem to have it anymore. 5 stars
Guacamole is not worth getting. Very little avocado.
SERVICE
Service in person is fairly good. Staff is friendly and helpful.
Ordered delivery once & they got my order wrong.This is my first time here and im thoroghly impressed hehe. ..
Yummy burritos great service and clean environment !!! Will recommendSushi + Burrito = HAPPINESS!
This location open pretty recently and I love it! It's convenient, it's clean and the staff is very nice and helpful; 
I had the make your own "burrito" with steak, brown rice, Black Pepper Teriyaki, grilled zucchini, pickled onion, carrot, romaine and fried garlic. The whole thing was delicious! The steak was medium rare which I liked; However, I just wished the slices were a little thinner because it makes it hard to eat when eating in the burrito form. Price wise, it ranges around ~8-10$ for a burrito which is not the cheapest but I still find reasonable to come backI came here when I had a fish craving and got a salmon poke bowl-- it really hit the spot! There was a good amount of fish and the ingredients all seemed fresh. My favorite parts (besides the fish) was the good amount of avocado they put in, as well as the pineapple and nori on top. The price is a little high, though.
The seating area is modern and chic, good for a casual meal.I'm a big fan of the wave of Sushi Burritos popping up. Hai Street Kitchen & Co did not disappoint me. Flamin' Tuna was delicious. Glad to learn they have 2 locations in NYC.Finally the sushirrito has come to Philadelphia!
In the Bay Area, I remember hearing all of the hype surrounding this new foodie trend (in San Francisco) so I was really excited to hear about it coming to Philadelphia.
I tried the HAI STREET CHICKEN roll with chicken katsu, and added the wasabi guacamole. The chicken katsu was delicious, as was the rest of the burrito. I thought it was fairly sized, as well as fairly priced. The wasabi guacamole didn't have a strong enough flavor for me, and thus I'd probably opt out of that extra charge next time.
Though I did not think it was absolutely AMAZING and mindblowing, I think it's a really solid lunch/dinner option and I'm glad it is now in UCity!
I really want to to try the bowl option next-- have heard great things. I really think this place will continue to be successful!I keep coming back to Hai Street to give it another chance, but they never cease to disappoint me. The first time I got a sushirrito from here, the ingredients were not fresh (the tempura was tasteless and veggies were limp) and they skimped so hard! The sushirrito was 75% rice and 25% ingredients... For $9-11, I'd rather get a healthier and yummier salad from Greek Lady or go to Jake's Sandwich Board next door for their BOGO cheesesteaks, thank you. After a 10-month hiatus, I decided to give them another try and went back with friends for Ai Ramen's pop-up shop. $11 after tax for their Ai Ramen was what I expected to pay, but their "24-hour super amazing pork broth" was pretty watery (maybe watered down?) and the flavor was just salt. Compared to Terakawa or Ramen Bar, it was definitely bringing up the rear. Just saying, Ai Ramen has a location in Rittenhouse inn the Shops at Liberty and had heard mixed reviews, but wanted to try it for myself. Well, now I know! The reason I'm giving 3-stars is because I appreciate their creativity and modernness. I do see their Hai Street Kitchen & Co food truck which looks so cool it makes me want to go eat there even though I know the quality of food is not the greatest... and the fact that they're one of the only sushi with a modern twist (compared to Mizu next door which is your regular small tiny sushi rolls). I'm from California so maybe that's why this review is pretty harsh (#sorrynotsorry), but I do appreciate the strides they're taking in University City. Maybe they inspired Poke Man to start a Poke bowl shop at 3737, maybe an Acai Bowl place will open soon? One can always hope~I had to stop here to try the internet famous sushi burrito. I was skeptical but excited to try something new and hip.
The establishment itself was very clean and the ingredients are fresh. It is a fast-casual set up, so you go to the counter order what you want and the server goes down the line asking you what ingredients you'd like to include before rolling the sushi into its burrito form.
Now as far as the sushi burrito goes it wasn't bad, but I wouldn't say it was great. The best part about sushi is the fact that you get to eat all the ingredients at once in a bite size piece. With the sushi burrito, when you take a bite, you get a mouthful of mostly one thing, whether it be rice, fish, etc. The burrito is too big to get a little bit of everything in each bite, which was why it fell short for me.
Would I go here again? Yes probably. I still think its pretty cool and like I said it wasn't bad. I feel like everyone should give it a try at least once, I just prefer my sushi out of burrito form. Next time though, I might try some of the other items on the menu.I love sushi so when I've heard of this sushi burrito I was so excited to try it. It's really tasty and all fresh ingredients I wasn't disappointed at all. I can't wait to go back!Yes, it is possible to have too much sushi. I feel like they could remove about 1/3 of the rice from one of these things and it would be better, and still worth the price. The slammin salmon roll is one of my favorite things in Philly, and I need to get back here for the bowls.Sussshi Burrritoooos , is the excited sound that keeps playing in my head as in some japanese game show , whenever i am about to order at Hai street. 
Don't be fooled by the ho hum production line setup , the ingredients and the idea are really fresh and exciting. Couple that with a staff that genuinely gives a damn about the customer's order, it is pretty hard to go wrong with this place. 
The salmon and tuna was delicious and so were mushrooms, and having the choice to order it in a bowl can help channel one's inner Gojira as you devour through the meal. Equally good for lunch and dinner !I laughed at first, but was dragged there by my teens who decidedly love the place. And you know what? For less than $10, it is a really great and yummy alternative to a sandwich or burger for lunch. Very fresh and incredibly quick service.Finally tried this place for the first time and had the Gochu-mango spicy tuna bowl. Listen, this isn't authentic Hawaiian poke, but I wouldn't expect that here. If the goal is to offer sushi burritos and poke bowls modified for American tastes and suitable for serving high volume, I think Hai Street meets that goal. There's more rice and mayo than I need and than you'd find in an authentic dish, but really enjoyed my lunch and service was fast. Tuna seems high quality and the toppings are pretty authentic. The essence of poke for me is freshness and contrasting flavors and textures and that was nailed. Spicy, sweet, and tangy and crunchy & soft in one bowl wakes up the palate. Nice alternative to my other work lunch options in this are!Got the flank steak wrap and it tasted really good but unfortunately the portion size is more like a snack than a meal.
I had to get a sandwich somewhere else afterwards.
So basically their $10 wrap is more like an appetizer.Interesting concept. It's actually quite delicious. I'm a huge fan of sushi, so I thought I would give this place a try on a friend's suggestion. I like that they have a "create your own" in which you pick the protein, up to 4 toppings, sauce, and crunchy topping for the price of the protein. I had the katsu chicken wrap with spicy mayo, carrots, cucumber, pickled onions, and tempura flakes. It was delicious, and very filling. I didn't expect the katsu chicken to be cold, but it still was very tasty and had a crunch to it. I also tried their wasabi guacamole with chips. The guacamole was very good...just a hint of wasabi to give it that unique taste. The chips were amazing!!! Thick but light, salted to perfection, and not overly oily.  My only complaint is that for a "sushi burrito place" they didn't have a spicy tuna option....maybe my sushi tastes are way to Americanized, but whenever I have sushi that's a roll I always get. Overall, this is a great place, and I will definitely come back. The food is fresh and you feel good eating it. The staff are friendly.
Just a heads up that It's more of a take out place since the place is kinda small...there are maybe 6 bar stools along the wall and you could probably eat here if it was 2-3 people, but it's not meant for groups.Sushi burrito. Nuf said. All I need with any of these wraps is a side of spicy mayo and my day can't get any better. I love how you can customize every part of it and they make it super quickly right in front of you. An Asian version of chipotle and the packaging is adorable!I walked by this place on the way to a meeting, and knew I'd be having lunch here later on. I love all things sushi, and DIY sushi Chipotle style was something I needed to try. 
I built my own roll, with salmon, mango, and a few other ingredients. I found the mango to be way over powering, and all in all the roll was nothing special. 
I had the experience, but don't need to go back. I'm just as happy with a 3 roll combo from a cheapy sushi place near by.It's Japanese Chipotle!  Love it! We had the slammin salmon and the screamin tuna. Both were good but the screamin tuna had more flavor.  We substituted the spicy gochujang sauce with the spicy mayo instead.  I think I would have loved the slammin tuna if I didn't get to try the screamin tuna.  My only complaint is that I wish the rolls were slightly bigger.Such a unique blend of Asian and Mexican. I want to try e earthing they have. I also like that you can pick your own ingredients and custom make your food.I had refrained from writing a review from this place to see if they improved but it seems it's not going to happen. The staff is SUPER rude at this location. I have tried coming here on different times, different days and it's always the same thing. The items displayed on the menu are not available half the time and the staff tells you as if you should expect this to happen in every restaurant. The food at Hai St is good but I will stop going to this location until they decide to hire decent people for the job.I love this place!  I started going to Hai Street when it first opened and I am fortunate enough to live nearby.  However, I work on the East side of town and wish there was one there for lunch!!  I love the menu and that they constantly add new items.  It's healthy, satisfying, consistent and great customer service.  Please open more locations!!I was very excited trying this place out and want to know what's the hype about. Ehh...it's okay, nothing special i had the slamming salmon and sweet green tea. 
The slamming salmon is a good size burrito stuffed with a lot of white rice, veg and couple pieces of raw salmon. The roll didn't have much flavor in it. And it wasn't spicy what so ever .  
The sweet green tea taste straight up like water to me with green color dye. 
Overall experience was okay. And  It is pretty pricey for an Okay burrito
 I would give this place another try, but somewhere else  not at this location.It was better than another sushi burrito place I've had, but still not fully hitting the spot (or maybe I'm just not a sushi burrito person?). I recommend getting one of the menu options instead of making your own, unless you already very familiar with sushi burritos simply because some combinations will not go well together.I finally got to check this place out! The workers are super friendly and they have lots of funk! It's definitely a place to try especially for the younger crowd. I think I liked the green tea matcha drink for 99 cents better than the actual sushi burrito! The sushi burrito is basically a kimbap and like Kelly C, i totally agree I could make some better kimbap at home! I got the donkatsu sushi burrito and they put way too much sauce in it. It was so salty I really just couldn't finish it. However, the slammin' salmon was alright! Nothing amazing but it was edible ;) If you're into a cool atmosphere for A-ok food, you should check this place out!Good portion size. I got the salmon roll. The rice wasn't totally cooked and the hot sauce used overpowered the flavor of pretty much all the other ingredients used. 
The iced matcha was good, pretty sweet and LOTS of matcha in it.Food was OK but a little to vinegary for me. DIdn't have a long wait on a Saturday at 7pm-ish. Would try again.This was my first sushi burrito ever and to be frank, it was pretty average. I'm unsure if it's the concept that doesn't work for me or if this place was just rather average. I went with the suggested spicy tuna and I really feel as if it was lacking in both flavor and size. For $10, I don't feel as if it is good value. The dude who was serving me was really light handed with the tuna so perhaps it was just a fluke. I'll give it another shot next time I'm in the city.Great food, got the rice bowl with portobello mushrooms. They have some seating inside. Their pricing is reasonable too, starting from $6.99 for a rice bowl or nori wrap. If your looking for something tasty and healthy,  then check this place out.Fresh.  Filling.  Healthy.  Tasty! Signature roll is just enough for lunch without risk of a food coma.I love sushi. I love burritos. Sushi burritos?! YES, SIGN ME UP. I've never heard of sushi burritos until I visited Hai Street Kitchen. The concept is just like Chipotle, Subway, Salata, etc. You pick a base then choose your fillings and sauces. They also have choices you can choose from if you don't feel like getting crafty. If you hate sushi, no problem! They have other choices on the menu as well! My boyfriend ordered the Chicken Katsu roll and he loved it! One sushi burrito is enough to fill you up. I'll definitely stop by here again if I get a chance!I'd like to give Hai St. Kitchen a higher rating, but the attitude we got from the two roll makers yesterday was really unprofessional. You could taste it in the food. I know it's the 4th of July and you're working, but at the same time, you're closing at 3pm. Don't give us attitude because WE, the customers, pay the bills.
The food was ok. Drinks and chips were mediocre.I've visited Philadelphia on two separate occasions, and both times, I made a stop for sushi burritos here. Their burritos are huge, and I found myself taking half of it home for later on both trips. Everything is good, but you might want to ask the employees to go a little lighter on the gochujang sauce (if your sushi burrito contains it) since it can get a little too salty and spicy.I used to come here all the time. Now, however, they have removed all vegetarian proteins from the menu. A vegetarian can get a roll with cabbage, carrots and various other vegetables, but no source of protein. This makes no sense. Why can't they offer hearty and filling mushrooms like they used too?  Or tofu?  Or beans? Or even cheese (which was on the menu for a brief period of time).  I won't be able to eat here again until they can provide a balanced meal for a non-meat/fish eater. Instead, I will just go to Hip City Veg, a block and a half away.I've been a Hai Street Kitchen fan for a VERY long time, so when the 40th Street location closed, I was bummed because that one was the closest to home and work.  However, while I was running some errands in Center City one Saturday afternoon and decided to break for lunch, I figured I would check out the 18th and Chestnut location and treat myself to a sushi burrito.  While Hai Street has preset menu options, I always prefer to customize my own sushi burritos, and the staff is always very accommodating to my requests.  I usually gravitate towards grilled chicken, chicken katsu, or shrimp tempura with ginger miso dressing, and carrots, garnished with fried garlic and tempura crunch.  Sometimes they offer seasonal toppings such as pineapple so I often add that in if it is available.  Hai Street better not leave Center City, because if they do, I won't know where else to get my sushi burrito fix!I've never heard of a concept like this, but I must say, I'm hooked!  This place specializes in sushi-ritos (burrito sized sushi rolls).
The first thing that struck me about this place was how incredibly friendly ALL of the staff members were when I walked in.  I came in around 6:15 on a Friday night, and surprisingly, no one else was in the store at that time (though that didn't last long, don't worry!)  When I walked in, every single crew member looked at me and said 'hi' and welcomed me/asked if I had any questions, which really impressed me! It's not always that the staff at these sort of fast casual places continue to have warm customer service after opening weekend.
I got the slammin' salmon roll, and it was DELICIOUS.  Nori paper + brown (or white, if you like) rice + medium rare salmon +  lettuce + cucumber + red onions + pickled mango + spicy gojuchang sauce.  I got the regular size, but there was an option to make it a deluxe size for $1.99, which I probably would have done if I had wanted to be stuffed afterwards (I was full but not necessarily stuffed).  
Not a lot of seating, so definitely don't plan on sitting inside unless you're lucky and happened to snag one of the tables.The Chipotle of Sushi Burritos! It was cool to see them make a burrito with the toppings I wanted. Overall cool hip place with very little seating and no restroom. It was just ok for me. Not impressed nor excited to go back.Stumbled upon this joint looking for something filling and healthy. The poke bowls are delicious and offer a nice variety to the sandwich shops and other similar spots. The stadd was really pleasant too. Definitely will be coming back to try a sushi burrito.We did not go to the actual restaurant but visited their booth at the July 4th festival on the Benjamin Franklin parkway. My boyfriend and I both tried the sushi burrito. I tried the shrimp tempura one and it was AWESOME! My boyfriend had the chicken one and didn't really like it but I didn't think sushi and chicken really went together anyways. If you visit their store definitely get the shrimp one! You will not be disappointed.I've seen and heard from my friends that have had a sushirito and I wanted to give it a try because it looked good. I ordered the salmon burrito. I thought it was okay. There is a good amount of lettuce and cabbage which there were a good amount of bites where I just ate rice and salad. When I got to the salmon part, it was okay because I felt that the gochujang sauce overpowered it. It also would have helped with the salmon was more in the center so I can get a bite of salmon in every bite instead of just eating rice and veg and then salmon and veg.Our sushi chefs were pretty cool, spunky, friendly. Ambiance is kind of cool, semi hipsterish?? I feel like there was a nose ring, boho glasses, a bandana, a tattoo of a woman on a woman (maybe Idk I'm just a regular hungry 9-5 drone)- I digress....Good location downtown.
That's where the pleasantries end, sadly.
I had the "Soft Shell Crab", and my friend had the "Holee Shrimp". Both had wayyyyyyy too much sauce! One bite and you'll be feeling like you've done something you shouldn't tell your mom about(wipes corner of mouth). The veggies looked fresh. The meat was pre-cooked/ sliced, soooo....yea, that's that. The ingredients were were disproportionate(4-5x more veggies than meat). It feels like you're eating an obese American sushi. 
In all fairness, we wanted to try the big sushi burrito looking thing, and that, my friend....is what was delivered!
Sum-
The Big sushi burrito is the evil love child of someone's love for sushi and the American demand for Supersized & YUGE!!!! everything. Way too expensive for what you get, IMO. The veggie ingredients seem fresh.The ambiance and staff are cool, but not cool enough for me to go back.
Pros- cool friendly staff/ambience, location, fresh veggies. You get the product as advertised.
Cons- taste of food, costWHAT I ORDERED: Make your own roll with brown rice + salmon tataki + carrots + grilled zucchini + romaine lettuce + ginger miso dressing + roasted peanuts + tempura flakes
PROS: Salmon roll delicious + price
CONS: Small + other proteins looked like they had been sitting out/not delicious
-----MORE DETAIL----
FOOD: DELICIOUS. Salmon is seared on the outside very very slightly and raw on the inside. Tastes like just raw salmon. Veggies were fresh and ginger miso dressing (I asked for light) added a slight sweetness, tanginess, and depth that was delicious. They do not make the sauces I don't think - they had to go check the label for ingredients.The other proteins though had been sitting out and didn't look quite so good - I probably wouldn't try those.
SERVICE: GREAT. I had some weird dietary restrictions today and they were super patient and willing to go check on the ingredients.
AMBIANCE: Asian style Chipotle. Small, bar seating. 
GOOD FOR: Grab and go, quick bite, eating alone, catching up with a friend, healthy eating.I was excited to see a sushi burrito for which I've never tried. I ordered a create your own with brown rice, grilled chicken , Asian slaw, avocado, cucumber, jalapeno aioli, and fried shallots "for crunch". They said they did not have brown rice, grilled chicken or jalapeno aioli. So I got white rice, chicken katsu, and spicy mayo instead.  The flavors were good but I did not taste the spicy mayo nor the fried shallots. It felt a bit dry needing some kind of sauce to bond all the ingredients together. I will try again and hopefully they will have everything listed on their menu.Good food, terrible customer service. I asked a question, only to be ignored. It was absolutely not professional from their side. I hope that they will change the waiters.I was so surprised to hear that something similar to Sushirrito in SF was on the east coast! Once I found out about this place, I definitely had to try it for myself.
What's so special? It's sushi in burrito form. What's not to love. Choose your own rolls or to avoid the "mess" you could get it in a bowl. You could either choose one of their signature rolls or build your own. 
Got the Slammin Salmon with spicy mayo and fried garlic for almost $8. It was delicious and DEFINITELY met my expectations! The burrito was huge!!
Came here with a group of about 15 people and was surprised at how quick we were served despite the long line! 
On the downside - the restaurant is pretty small. They only have bar seating and stools by the window. I also didn't see a bathroom. 
Overall their rolls were on point! I will definitely come back when I'm in Philly!I got a slammin salmon.  Checked out the place in University City because so many people were talking about it.  It's hype.  The sushirito is essentially a huge kimbap. It's too bland.I love Poke Bowls, I've had some really good ones. This place had only one worker for 5 people waiting in line, meaning one person taking care of making food and work at the register.  I ordered a Poke Bowl with tuna fish, and the places I went to buy Poke bowls, I also would choose the ingredients that I want in the bowl, that didn't happen. My bowl was 1/3 empty, while my friend's was full. So i asked why that is, and the worker told me that, it's because they are out of something, so I said, I'm paying $14 for this, add some rice then.  Absolute disregard of customer's comments, she added the rice. The bowl had more green salad than anything else.  I didn't like this place at all, would not recommend.This was my first time here and first sushi burrito.  I had the HoLee Shrimp. It had great flavors. I got it with brown rice. I would have liked a little more sauce, but over the burrito was great. The store was clean. Service was fast. Not much room to eat there, so plan on getting it to go.Great spot to grab a quick meal. Portions are large, but do not leave you feeling heavy.    I highly recommend this place if you are on the go and looking for something healthy.A wonderful, magical place where sushi and Chipotle lovers can join together and hold hands in peaceful rejoice.
I can always eat sushi, but I can't always afford sushi. I have a tragic issue of ordering sushi rolls when I am very hungry, which leads to WAY too many rolls eaten, and way too much money spent. (It's worth it, but my wallet often whispers, "What can we afford for the rest of the week, though?") 
ENTER MY LIFE SAVER. Hai Street Kitchen's sushi rolls are what I have always envisioned- amazing, glorious sushi THAT ISN'T BITE SIZE. After finishing a burrito, I can feel full, satisfied, and skip the part where I separate myself from the group and cry about how many calories in rice I had just consumed.
Imagine you are Alice in Wonderland, and you eat that cake that shrinks you down to tiny size, and then you come across a sushi roll that hasn't been sliced yet. That's basically what happens. Without the rabbit hole.
With a local, we were able to go for a late lunch on a Sunday, where there was NO line, and the happy, helpful employees were eager to help. I would have liked if they had asked "if you've ever been here" so that I would have a better idea of how things worked. If they ask that I usually get the worker to make me THEIR favorite combination, but instead I ordered the Slammin' Salmon off of the menu (Around $10. See other Yelp reviews for this, you already know I loved it). Boyfriend and "tour guide" ordered "The Crunch," which got 5/5 from both of them.  "Tour guide" was upset that the Mango something or other wasn't there anymore, but it doesn't matter:
There is something important that I need to talk to you about. The Wasabi Guacamole. If you're an avocado fan, and you're okay with a LITTLE bit of sinus clearing wasabi, I promise you that this $0.99 add-on is ABSOLUTELY WORTH IT. It's not overpowering since the Wasabi is calmed down by the cooling avocado, but the flavors are powerful enough to really compliment everything in the roll. DO IT. DO IT.
DRINKS: The drinks are a bit pricy (Hibiscus Tea was $2.19), but I would recommend getting one in case you are overwhelmed by the kick of the flavors.
SEATING: There is a window facing seating area, but it only has 4 chairs, so make arrangements to eat somewhere else. 
MESSY: The rolls are VERY MESSY. They do tend to fall apart. If you opt for Burrito style, grab a fork/spoon anyway so that you can scoop up what fell out. Honestly, next time I think I would go for a bowl so that I can taste everything individually as well as together, and not worry about looking messy in front of a date!Second visit and really enjoyed the sushi burrito. The burrito is loaded with veggies but a little skimpy on the meat. The homemade iced green tea was delicious! Price is a bit higher than some other lunch options in the area at roughly $9-11 depending on what you get.Is it wrong that I think this place intentionally made a marijuana themed sushi-rito business? This venue is on HAI street after all, their slogan is "rolled your way" and when they wrap your sushi-rito up, they twist the ends of the wrapping paper, making it look like a fat blunt. Lol Jk. 
All jokes aside, this place is comparable to Chipotle Mexican Grill. Out have your option of the main meat/seafood, rice, toppings and sauces. I split a salmon roll with my friend and it was delish! It consisted of salmon pieces, avocados, red lettuce and rice all wrapped in a big piece of seaweed. I thought it was a delicious combination. I just wish that they have more of these kinds of places in New York City. 
Would I come back? Sure.Was lured in by the concept and positive reviews. But I have to say i did not care for what I ordered AT ALL, however perhaps I need to try again because I will say it was fresh and is a great great great concept. .. and I see other reviewers rave about this place and concoction, in particular, but I THREW IT AWAY. That says a lot for me, ha, not much food waste in these parts :( ... Hmmmmm....
I had one of their posted creations, the salmon one, and added the wasabi guac to it because well wasabi and guac go together with salmon brilliantly. This creation however did NOT work.
I just didn't like the flavor, it was too sweet for one--I dont think I cared for the mango on it and would have left off the sriracha type sauce that was one of the standards on this "rollito"... blah ...
perhaps will try again and crunch it out instead and no sriracha sauce (it's not called this but i don't remember what they call it but sriracha is the base)....I dunno though if I will, am kinda turned off and $10 in the trash isn't a lot but it could have gotten me a delish sandwich at Hip City Veg....lol
A couple of stars for great, friendly service and a great concept but *think* about what you order or get the sauces on the side at first. I did not pick well...So I got the slammin salmon signature roll, I think the ratio of vegetables to meat is way too high. When I bit into the roll I could only taste all the vegetables in it. I think the concept of a sushi burrito is innovative, but I feel like there could have been more meat in it. I've only been here once and I picked the signature roll. You can also make your own roll so I think if I had done that it would have been better (perhaps substitute or pay extra for more meat). The roll was around $9 and some change so a bit on the pricier side. I think everyone should try this at least once. I went on a Sat afternoon around 3ish, but I heard there's usually a line during lunchtime.Really great! I always get the Hai Street chicken burrito!! Lots of flavors and good quality ingredients.This is actually a super efficient and great way to eat a sushi roll with less rice.  It's literally a sushi burrito wrapped with your choice of fish, veggies, sauce, and as much or little rice in a seaweed wrap.  My salmon roll with spicy sauce, brown rice, and veggies was very good and came with a very generous portion of salmon.  It's more filling than a typical sushi roll and definitely has more than 3x's the amount of fish.  It's about $10 for a roll, and you have the option of customizing the wrap or converting it into a rice bowl or even salad.  Definitely worth a visit!  Will be back to try the tuna very soon!sushi burrito, done time and again in all the more popping cities before finally being adopted by some industrious business man in Philadelphia... I was willing to give Hai Street a try but I've confirmed to myself yet again the over-ratedness of the sushi burrito phenomenon.  Essentially a novelty item running on the current tide of "organic, lots of veggie, colorful food" hype.  Accordingly, the place looks hip and clean so props to them.  Don't get me wrong, the food tastes fine, I just don't foresee myself paying the extra bucks again for such a gimmicky food choice.  To put it succinctly, Hai Street brings something new to Philadelphia, but in the culinary world is just one of many dull rocks in a river.I came here for lunch today and got the slamming salmon. it was delicious, a little spicy, but good! I had pretty high expectations and I wouldn't say I was disappointed, but this is something I can live without. oh, and the green tea is great! there was no wait and the staff was friendly enough.What an unique concept. I'm not sure that a sushi burrito is any healthier for you than a normal burrito, but what a taste explosion! The salmon is unbelievable, quick, easy, delicious, and "maybe" good for you. I'll definitely be back!Don't believe the hype. 
I was super excited to try this place because of their cool sushi-burrito combination. My boyfriend and I ordered off the menu instead of "make your own roll". I got The Crunch and my boyfriend got the Slammin Salmon. He said his salmon roll was pretty good. The Crunch was not bad. 2 tempura shrimps and lots and lots of veggies. It was a little more spicier than I can usually handle (but I'm not a spicy food eater). Both our rolls kind of fell apart even before we bite into them. I wish they use bigger seaweed wraps or something to hold everything together. 
The down side of this is I felt really sick afterward and thinking about them makes me feel sick now =\ it's really not what the hype makes it to be. It's good to try if you never had it, but you won't miss out on anything. I prefer my sushi the traditional way. 
This place is meant to be for to-go. They have space you can eat inside but super limited. Tables against the wall but only 4 stools. Parking on the street or garages. The garages are super expensive.My slammin salmon wrap was fine but a bit overpowered in the vinegar/sugar flavor. My main issue is that, eleven dollars later, I was still hungry ,,, figuring that 22 dollars would be needed to fill me up, I could probably do better at any of a number of real sushi places without the fast-food ambience.I got the Flamin' tuna at the new Liberty Place location. I want to love this but by the time I got back to my desk, less than 5 mins after I bought it, it was soggy and falling apart. Took one bite of the roll and the whole thing starts to fall apart. The Nori was wet.  I ate the inside and threw out the rest.Amazing concept, great flavors - possibly the coolest thing I have ever eaten. I love sushi, and was not disappointed by this new method. It's kind of similar to building your perfect futomaki roll? And then eating it hand-roll style. I had the Slamin' Salmon loaded with yummy pickled veggies, papaya, and cabbage. Will for sure be returning to this spot!!I was in town for work and this was down the street. I saw sushi burrito and I yelped (no pun intended) a little since the sushi burrito restaurant in Boston closed before I even had the chance to try it. 
The place is really small and sits about 2 people lol. The place is def meant for take out. When you order it's chipotle style. 
I went with the salmon burrito special. They pack it in this really cute brown hexagon box. I also got the sweetened ice green tea. This was really messy to eat. You take one bite and everything else just spills out. The taste combo was okay it was missing something to marry it altogether.  The tea was a bit sweet but it's refreshing to have. 
My thought on this sushi burrito is that Id stick to sushi rolls. It's too filling for lunch and if there's a next time I would rather go with the rice plates than the burrito style.Sushi Burritos, whaaaat? I've been to Hai Street twice now and it hasn't disappointed either time. The first time I got the bowl with brown rice and tempura shrimp, it's one of their suggestions. So good! Nice Asian Flavors without the heavy, greasy feeling. There was mango and cucumber with a nice sweet and spicy taste. I also had their iced green tea, delish, just as the guy at the counter insisted it would be. I was so happy with my dinner choice! I've heard lunch there is super busy but since I don't work in the city I can only check out places for dinner usually. There was no wait and the employees were nice and informative of what they were offering. I went back a few weeks later and got the burrito with chicken.  This time I tried the hibiscus tea, it could have been a little sweeter but was still a nice drink to have on a hot summer evening. 
I will definately be going back soon!Stopped by for lunch, and wow, what a delicious meal! A very unique combination of quick on the go food, quality ingredients, and mouth watering flavor. My partner and I both got the sushi rolls and the different teas they offered, and we had zero complaints about everything! Customer service could use some works, but I'll give the gals a break since busy during the lunch hour. Would recommend!Very surprised how this " sushi burrito " turned out, couldn't ask for anything more, my fianc grabbed me a screaming tuna burrito, it was phenomenal fresh and everything I hoped it would be will definitely be going back for moreInteresting concept, got the slamming salmon roll.  Basically a burrito sized sushi roll.  Aside from when I arrived back to the office and finding out I had a completely different roll than what I ordered it was pretty good.  A little weird to eat to eat but I was satisfied.  Not sure I'd rush back there again, i'll probably just stick to a good sushi spot instead since there are a number of good spots downtown.I've prepared plenty of sushi burritos at home over the years and this was my first time eating one from an establishment. Hai Street Kitchen makes very good ones.  Fresh ingredients, impressive wrapping/packaging.  I will be back for more.  Oh, and I ordered one of the salmon rolls with mixed greens, cucumber and miso sauce.  I also love that they employ bicycle delivery people.  Personally I think they should consider scooter delivery, but that's just me.Had to ask for things several times.  The cashier seemed to have his own ideas for service, or who to serve.
The food was good, but on the high side price wise.Got the slamming salmon loaded with everything on there.  It was definitely a bomb choice!  Take note that this is my first time trying a sushi burrito kind of food and this mix of concoction is absolutely on point!  I'm a big salmon guy and the salmon here do not disappoint!  Not the most freshest I've tasted but in no means it's not good!
The lines moved rather quick and the food was prepared a la subway mix and match style of your choosing so you know what exactly is in the mix.
Only thing that I find trouble with is finding parking near here.  Since this is right in the city finding parking here will be difficult.  If I had to plan it out I would definitely plan to find parking elsewhere and make this a destination when I'm visiting the area.Honestly with all the hype I wanted this sushi burrito to be the best thing ever but overall I would rather have sushi. It's a lot of extras and not much actual real fish. It lacked in flavor and falls apart when you try and dip it in soy sauce so wasn't easy to eat either.I came here to see what all the hype was about.  I have to admit - it is worth all the hype!  I was torn between the Slamming Salmon or The Crunch and went with The Crunch. Fresh veggies, a good amount of heat (with the spicy mayo) and a little crunch with the yummy tasting tempura shrimp.
The one drawback - I think I got a little bit of a shell on the last bite .  
Overall though, I would definitely return!  A little pricey, but to be expected in the neighborhood.  Staffers friendly and helpful when trying to decide between the two.
A yummy hidden gem on 18th street!Holy wasabi guacamole! This place is the bomb dot com!!!!! If I lived in Philadelphia, I would come here every day for every meal. No joke! The staff is amazing and answered my 800 questions and did it with a smile. The concept is so freaking clever, I wish it was mine! The ingredients are super fresh and mmhhmm tasty!!! 
I had the slammin' salmon with wasabi guacamole. So much food for the price. Gosh, I need to get to Philly right now to have this wonderful piece of food art.This is NOT susharitto-so don't expect it. My mistake was to think that it would be like the original. Hai street is ok but it is very expensive and does not even try to be "sushi" influenced except that they use raw fish in some rolls. Otherwise there was lots of pickled vegetables, lettuce and bland items. Will not be back. 2 rolls 1 drink = 30$ and seriously it was not yummy or memorable.This place didn't set my world on fire. "The Shroom" is good and certainly flavorful, but I'm not the biggest fan of tempura; it was the only veggie option available. The salad was good and the vegetables were fresh - spring mix, beets, pickled onions, cuke, ginger miso dressing. I would love to see them add a tempeh or tofu option.I really like this place. I had a craving for sushi but I didn't want to sit and eat. This was a good substitute.so i'm a huge hai fan. i go through 777 deals fast and frequently. i left a review here when they first became popular...but this location has fallen short on quality and it sucks. i go back every time cause i think the time before that was just a random bad day for them but it gets worse everytime. the rolls just aren't as fresh as they used to be and it looks kinda dingy in there now. my seaweed today was awful -- so rubbery and hard to chew. two stars only because it seems like someone does quality control at the hai in liberty place. go there for your rolls. now...i'd say totally overpricedIt tasted good but the people who work there did not really know how to make it very well. It fell apart after the first bite. They werent friendly either, i would go again but with lower expectations.Love the idea of large sushi rolls that are as filling as a burrito! Veggie option is delicious, however I with there was a tofu or other veggie option too! Maybe soon ;)Home of the Sushiritto, Hai Street Kitchen has got to be one of my favorite go to foods when I'm in the city. There are many choices to choose from which is awesome! I would say the Sushiritto is quite filling so you can always save it for later! The only thing I wish there was at the shop is more seating.If you don't like sushi, you won't like this place. The seaweed wrap is xtra-stinky.  Definitely wished i had the 20 minutes back that i stood in line :-/Two words: CUSTOMER SERVICE! 
I love walking into a restaurant where the staff immediately greets you and offers menu suggestions when you seem a little lost. It was my first time here and I decided to go with a bowl over a burrito upon learning that there was more food in the bowls than the burrito! The bowl I got was called the shrimp avocado and it was super delicious. Very fresh ingredients and an equal protein to filler (rice, lettuce, veggies) ratio!Here's the thing: a sushi burrito is a novel idea, the packaging is cute, the boxed water is trendy, but I just don't like it that much! The burrito is just too big... I think part of the appeal of sushi is that you're getting the whole taste of the roll in a single bite, and you just cannot do that with the sushi'ritto, unless you have a giant mouth and can manage to smoosh the roll somehow. I might have myself to blame for this, but every time I've been there, my burrito is kinda bland, and I can never, ever finish it - it's too much food for me. 
It's definitely something to say you've tried, and it's a novel idea, but the execution just doesn't live up for me,The most instagramworthy in all the city ! Go at least once and make your own sushi burrito. These things are surprisingly filling and are pretty well priced for sushi grade fish.This place was surprisingly good.  I was swinging by Philly and I decided to stop by and im glad I did.  It's basically an chipotle with an Asian twist.  I ordered the tuna while my friend ordered the salmon.  I prefer the salmon because it wasn't cut up as much as opposed to the tuna that was cut extremely fine.  The only negative may have been that there was a lot of vegetables but that's really nitpicking.  I would swing by again if I was in the area.Whoever invented this sushi burrito is a genius. I ordered the chicken katsu, one of the popular items on the menu, and it was delicious. One of the girls who made the burrito was really friendly, which was good. Planning to get the tempura shrimp next time!I visited Hai Street for the first time for lunch today, and was very pleased with the experience. A friend an I arrived at about 11:45 to find only one person in line in front of us (by the time we left at 12:30 or so, there was quite a line). We decided to split two sushi burritos (Slammin Salmon and Hai Street Chicken) and got the larger sizes (yay protein). The sushi burritos were made promptly, within a couple of minutes, and we were sent on our way. Luckily, because we had beat the lunch rush, there were several seats available at the bar by the window (only about 10 seats in the whole establishment), so we enjoyed our meal on site. 
All of the ingredients for the sushi were incredibly fresh and delicious. Additionally, except for the last couple of bites, the burritos held their structure very very well. The chicken on the Hai Street roll was crispy and flavorful, and the salmon was fresh and salmony tasting. A very good price bargain for the quantity of food and quality of ingredients. However, my complaint for the burrito roll (and a common complaint about burritos in general) is that it was hard to get a bit of each flavor in every bite. This is definitely not the fault of Hai Street... just the nature of a burrito. So some bites were sauce and salmon laden, and some were all rice. I think that I will definitely come back in the future to try more flavors and to use the "build your own" option, but I will stick with bowls or salads. The novelty of the sushi burrito was great, but I feel like a bowl would allow each bite to be more balanced, the way single bites of sushi are typically composed.I was pleasantly surprised by the sushi burrito.  I don't quite know what i was expecting but I think what I got was better then expected. 
I made my own burrito with white rice, salmon, guacamole/wasabe, red cabbage, cucumbers, and papaya salad topped with some spicy mayo and crunchy garlic.  This made for one very large sushi roll.  I have to say I feel like this was a perfect combo and if I were to go there again, I'd get this exact same thing. 
The total came out to $10 which at first I thought was a bit pricey but then again, it was filling and specialty rolls would run about that much or more so I'm thinking it might be a reasonable price.
(very little seating. maybe about 4 bar stools)Pretty funny how I found out about this place. I was at QT vietnamese sandwich place and someone there was eating a sushi burrito from Hai Street. Thinking it was something on QT's menu, we asked him about it and he told us it was from Hai. I then added it to my list of eatries to try out. Recently went and I got the Crispy Shroom roll, and it was pretty good, however I want to try it with one of the spicier sauces next time though. I did add on the avocado for $2, which seems pretty pricey. I don't really like the practice of advertising one price and having so many add ons tacked on. But it was good, fast, convenient and I'll definitely try it again.Sushirittos are amazing. I got the salmon with extra salmon. It's pricey at $14, but hey so is sushi anywhere you go right?
The salmon was very fresh and buttery!