Really terrific food. As others have mentioned it has simple decor and is one of the few places in the US that actually reminded me of walking into a family run restaurant in SE Asia. Food is terrific - $8 plates. Uur group tried pretty much everything - and it was all outstanding and felt home-cooked. The chicken curry, goat, and fish were particularly good. Can't go wrong here.First time in this family run place and very good impression. There are about 8 options of food that are served with white rice in a platter. You can choose 3 foods for the platter. All of the ones I got were extremely good. The ride was boring but the food was amazing. Plenty of vegetable options too. Price was about 7$ post platter which is really good value for money. Highly recommended.The Chicken Satay was really good, but nothing to scream about. It was very tender and well marinated. You can taste the flavorful seasonings in every bite. (5 stars)
The Sambal had a good kick of spiciness. I can actually taste the shrimp from the sauce. The chicken and lamb I had were ok. I can have the same taste everywhere else. Nothing special. (3 stars probably)
The place takes order like fast food restaurant (you go there, pick your foods then pay at the counter). 
I think the food is pricey. The foods were served on styrofoam plate with plastic fork and knife, so it had cheap feeling to it. A plate with 2 choices of meat with rice did cost me $10, and there were not much meat served. 
P/S: We ordered Satay with other rice dishes, and we waited forever for the Satay to come. We finished all the foods and nothing. They actually charged us and forgot to make it, so we waited for a long time. I don't know what they use for seasonings. The foods were not salty, but I felt extreme thirsty after the meal. For my personal experience, that means too much MSG. However, nothing is sure here.Stopped by this place yesterday with my hubby. The food was great. Loved it. But, they have increased their price. The veg. options are 7 dollars and the meat options are 8 dollars. But definitely worth it!Small but clean - that is the most important part of the eating experience. The woman helping us was so sweet and very helpful. I got the fried fish, eggplant, and tempeh (I have no self-control, I need to try as much stuff as possible. They load up the plate with tons of rice. These dishes are pretty much homemade and the spices you will taste are unlike anything you have ever tasted before. We tried to find out what exactly it was but she said its a secret. That's fine, I'll keep coming back for more secrets.Super authentic and fantastically tasty food. The family who run the place are extremely sweet. Great for take out or bring some beers, sit on the rolling chairs and eat off the styrofoam plates.one of my favorite pastimes is to hit as many restaurants as is possible in one evening, and last night i planned a three stop dinner expedition (the bare flourescent tube circuit), which ended in some slight disappointment. 
the night was to begin with satay, then move to fattouch salad and falafel and end with an al pastor cemita. unfortunately bitar's was closed. however, the perfectly cooked and deliciously sauced lamb and chicken satay skewers tends to take the edge off of a lot of forms of pain. 
the restaurant is the pure distillation of the concept of "the hole in wall". the space is tiny. you'll probably be watching a movie from the 80's with the other eaters as well as owners. its really an extension of their living room: going over for some home cooked food, a hug and a loud shout goodbye. its THAT warm feeling on a cold philly night.
the satay is the best in philly. better than the fully respectable indonesia restaurant, and light years better than the standard sticks at the banana leaf.
the "three item combo" plate is solid, but less exciting for me. i've also had the soto ayam which is good, but for me its all about the satay.
(in case you're interested, the last stop was to Los Taquitos de Puebla
where i wanted to try an al pastor cemita -normally i'd get a milanesa but  i wanted to test out their pastor. what i ate hardly resembled a torta let alone a cemita. the wrong bread, no panela or quesillo cheese, no peppers, no salsa roja, the appearance of pineapple and cilantro) the the al pastor was average - at least by LA standards. i guess if you want a pork sandwich and are not thinking about what a cemita is supposed to taste like, it would be fine. this also was 7 bux where it would cost 4 in LA.We came by and got a to go container.  Lots of great choices.  I got the beef rendang and the Ikan (fish).  It costs just 10 bucks and comes with rice.  The beef rendang was tender and the fish had great flavor.  
The hot sauce that you can get is absolutely amazing.  So delicious and adds so much flavor to the dish.  I wish I could have that bottled.  
There's a reason why the chefs here were nominated for a James Beard award!Just, so fucking good. So many veg options, GET THE COLLARDS NO MATTER WHAT, and meat eaters will b very happy, too. Such sweet Angels!Food is very affordable and delicious.  I have never had Indonesian cuisine before and wanted to try something different.  I was absolutely blown away.  I loved how you can add spicy red chili sauce to your plate.  It adds a nice kick.  
Try their fish curry and collard greens.  A must!  You will not be disappointed.yum! I loved it! looking for good, cheap indo foods? this is the place. one thing I'd like to comment, I might not be used to the fact the neighborhood is kind of sketchy, like I definitely won't go there when it's dark. but foods in general is very authentic. I had "daun singkong" typical indonesian veggie dish, n I had fish curry, with rice, n "bakwan goreng" deep fried stuff, "Es teler" (dessert drink), n "krupuk" (shrimp crackers), all that came total of $10!!! that's very cheap. I got out too full after I had my meal. 
so if you r up for aunthentic indo foods, this place is definitely worth to check it out! :)My First time trying out Authentic Indonesian food and I was very impressed. The Entire restaurant feels like someone's dining room, such a warm and comfortable feeling. The Family running it seem like a happy bunch, always smiling :) There was a pre-made display of various dishes ranging from Chicken Curry (They use dark meat yay), A White/Coconut like Fish Curry, Beef Rendang (Yummy) and a whole range of vegetables from Tofu & Hard Boiled Egg to Jack Fruit and Beans. They also had 3 different kinds of tempura dishes as well. It honestly would take me a couple more visits to try out all of them but I was very satisfied with what we had...I also finished up the meal with some piping hot and flavorful Indonesian Coffee Ahhh AMAZING..... It's a shame they are located far away from centre city and don't deliver either...So I just drove about 2500+mi from LA to philly and was HUNGRY. I've wanted to try the food here since my friend raved about it the last time he went to east coast. So I was very excited! It is a chinese buffet style food as well as order from the kitchen style restaurant. It's a hole in the wall type, although it's very small it is a great cozy place with AWESOME food. you might miss it if you're not paying attention on finding it. it looked like its closed from the outside and the door is hard to open but you just have to go and try the food. 
We ordered: 
-2 satay [lamb/goat] one with indonesian rice cake [lontong] and the other one with plain rice
-goat/lamb gulai [soup]
-vegetable in coconut soup [sayur singkong di santan]
-rendang [beef curry indonesian style]
-rujak cingur [salad]
the satay, was TO DIE for. I mean i did have a bit of complaint the fact that it came with the peanut sauce instead of just by itself with a side of the sweet soy sauce, but it wasn't anything major. the satay itself, the goat meat just melts in your mouth. I almost cried. it reminded me of childhood street food that i used to consume on a weekly basis. 
the vegetable in coconut soup was good as well, it was a rare plant to find. it was surprising but, a good surprise. i actually ate it the day after as well for left over. 
rendang was cooked the old way. it tasted different if you use the instant ready made paste. this rendang tasted like it was made by scratched and it just hit the right spot. my friend was amazed by the similar taste from the home country. yes, the rendang was very close to the taste you can find in indonesia :] 
the goat/lamb curry, was a bit too salty for my taste and sweet, but i'm biased so i can't really say much about it. it was salty though. 
i've never really liked rujak cingur even in the home country so i think it wouldn't be fair for me to review it since i'm much too biased. 
the food that i tasted in this place were either great or acceptable. I wished they could have opened a bigger restaurant, but i guess it  can't be help for now. the owner was so nice and helpful with any questions i had. comparing to the indonesian restaurants i've frequent in any other state, this one has to be one of the best if not on the very top of my most like list. i would definitely come back to this place when i'm in town.Very hospitable hubby and wife who run the place . Our first time trying Indonesian cuisine , really enjoyed the food . Different and flavorful . Must try place onceI would say that the food here was good and I got a lot to eat for the price, but it was not memorably great. In particular, the egg curry  had a very strong one note flavor of lime leaf that seemed to overpower everything else. Parking in the area required a bit of patience.If you're into the idea of a heaping plate of perfectly marinaded tempeh, aromatic veggies and fluffy rice, you've come to the right place... 
That is, once you understand that upon first entering, you'll think you've accidentally walked into someone's home. 
But for a really tasty, homemade, inexpensive and - in my case - vegan meal that'll keep you full for a good 10 hours, this is the place! Decor doesn't matter when you have your face planted in a good meal.I owe my introduction to Indonesian food to Anthony Bourdain. I have something of a love hate regard for Anthony Bourdain. I find it disappointing that a man with such writing skills and with the world's kitchens at his call must resort to the crass banality of network food television. His recent episode of The Layover which featured Philadelphia offers an example of such pandering to the lowest common denominator. Nonetheless, from that episode I discovered that Philadelphia has an active Indonesian community. Indonesian food was a realm completely unknown and that called for exploration. Bourdain suggested Hardena as the essential Indonesian restaurant. When I did some research I found that Hardena was something of a buffet eatery with Styrofoam containers and plastic forks. 
Hardena  Waroeng Surabya Restaurant is located at 1754 S. Hicks Street. Hicks is one of those small streets that stops and starts and is somewhat hidden. The restaurant, if you can call it a restaurant,  is housed in what was probably an old corner store grocery. When you enter you find yourself in the simplest of surroundings. Before you is a tiny side counter where this afternoon, two very old folks shared a visually enticing lunch of unknown contents. To your right side are a few sets of narrow tables. Each table is dressed with plastic table covers. Oddly Victorian red plush chairs on rollers sit uncomfortably at the side. Baskets of plastic utensils and paper napkins decorate with function. The art work on the walls might be termed "simplistic indigenous." 
The heart of the restaurant is at the back of the room to the left side. A hot table offers some ten or more steaming trays of Indonesian home cooking. At the adjacent counter to the right sits the father of the establishment.  Hardens seems to be a family affair. The father calls out. A young woman, (his daughter?) steps up behind the hot table. She takes the orders and is most helpful in describing the recipes. Behind the young woman a tiny woman at the stove, a woman I assume to be the mother, prepares the constantly changing recipes. Hardena has no fixed menu. You can order in two ways. You can order rice and three dishes for about $8.00 or you can order specific dishes, also served with rice, at about $7.oo each. Hardena has no flatware or silverware. You eat from plastic. The service, however, is congenial and helpful. The daughter helps you with your selection, the mother asks how you enjoyed the soup and the father brings the bowls to your table. At Hardena you have the sense of participating in a family meal. 
Before I talk about the food I have to say that I don't know the Indonesian name of any of the dishes we ordered. I think not having a menu, is Hardena's only drawback. A menu is a guide that allows the mind to organize what the mouth savors. A menu is comforting because it allows the diner to give order and a name to the dining experience.  
We started with a soup. I think it may be called Soto Ayam.  We had to wait for it, because the wonderful woman at the stove had to make it for us. The soup offered a very different experience that included hardboiled egg, tomato, shredded cabbage and noodles. Two bowls were more than enough for five of us. We even took some home. After our soup, the father of the house brought us a bowl of fish and a bowl of chicken, with a side of hot pepper sauce. The delicate fish was served in a kind of salty sauce of what I think was coconut milk. The chicken pieces were fried in a sweet and peppery dark sugar finish. You eat the chicken with your fingers. 
After our first courses I returned to the counter for our second round. This time, with the help of the young lady, I selected lamb stew, beef stew and jackfruit. The lamb stew, clean and light offered tender melt in your mouth cubes of meat. The beef, finished in dark sweet and savory gravy contrasted the lamb's blond broth. The jackfruit was the surprise of the day. While I have seen jackfruit in Asian grocery stores I have never eaten it. Jackfruit, in this preparation, has the quality and texture of pulled pork, an absolutely delightful dish.
Hardena greets you with a smiling and family embracing introduction to Indonesian food. Unlike many other Asian restaurants where the food tends to have certain sameness, due perhaps to corn starch and MSG, each recipe at Hardena is distinct. The sauces are clean and rich with various layers of texture and flavor. And with its daily changing menu each experience is new. You don't go to Hardena for an elegant ambiance. You go for the food.Homey feeling and comfortable and cozy environment! Extremely helpful staffs that took the time to explain the menu/what they were serving that day (since it was my first time here!) Got the beef rendang and egg/tofu over rice! It was so so good and still thinking about how flavorful and delicious it was!This place is perfect for a cheap, good, fast lunch. I had never eaten Indonesian food and had no idea what any of my options were. The ladies behind the counter were great and explained everything to me. I chose beef rendang, collard greens, and egg and tofu. It was excellent. The beef must have been slow cooked forever because it was so tender and juicy, hmmm, the collard greens were in a buttery type sauce and made the rice beneath them oh so good. The hard boiled egg was a hard boiled egg with a little bit of spice; I had a hankering for a hard boiled egg that day. 
There isn't much else I can add that hasn't already been said. The ladies who work there are so helpful and nice and their food is great. If you're ever in this area definitely go check it out.Million dollars question: Where is the fish? They were really stingy on meat today, pleanty of rice and veggies.Maybe because I got the food from the older gentleman, not the girls who ussualy work there. Not worth $10.I can only echo the praises for this place.  Yesterday's trip to Hardena was my first time eating Indonesian food and it set a pretty high standard, if I'm to ever eat it anywhere else.
Just to be clear: the current prices are $7 for a plate of three dishes with rice if at least one of them is vegetarian, and $8 if they're all meat.  The veggies looked good but I went with the meat--fish in yellow curry, "spicy fish" and a lamb stew.  Who knew that lamb was part of cuisine in that part of the world?  One must be careful with the fish and especially the lamb, as they contain a fair amount of bones, but the flavors of everything were terrific.
If you are unapologetically gluttonous like me you will be delighted to find that if you order additional items beyond this $8 plate the food gets EVEN CHEAPER.  So after my first plate I went and got more lamb stew and more spicy fish, with more rice, and this only cost $4.  In total dinner for two (with one of us--me--eating nearly double the normal amount) was $20.  We left a $2 tip which is plenty considering that you go up and order at the counter and they just spoon the already-made food onto your plate.  Diners throw away their own plates and there are little signs on the wall asking you to please clean up after yourself.  The ladies behind the counter were all really nice and the whole place has a friendly family vibe.  The kitchen is in the main area as well and you can see the food being cooked.
I guess the place is a "hole in the wall" but it actually looked fairly charming inside and didn't match the mental image I got from reading other reviews.  The place is also very small--smaller than I'd expected.  If this place is indeed getting a lot of press I'm surprised it wasn't more crowded.Don't go here if you're all about a fancy and refined atmosphere. At best, it's a fellowship dinner in a church basement, BUT the food is sublime. We had the beef, fritter, tempeh, collards, vegetables, chicken, and lamb. Out of those we highly recommend the collards and beef. However, everything is perfectly cooked and delicious. Go here.Disclaimer: This review is super duper late. Took place in fall 2010.
For $70 or $80, I bought a truckload of items, which, in actuality, amounted to  about a half dozen PINTS and *HALF* pints of plastic containers' worth. We had rice ready at home and were hungry. We knew this wouldn't satisfy our bellies, but we held out the hope it would fare well in terms of quality.
My entire family was disappointed. We love fast, fatty, greasy and deep-fried foods as much as the next family, but this was too much of all of the bad stuff without the flavor and reward. Salty and greasy: that was the consensus.
The only remotely redeeming dish was the beef rending. But it's been 4 years, and I haven't returned for it.  And I doubt I will.
The family was super nice though. Totally check it out still because it seems like it floats a lot of people's boats.GREAT FOOD. do not be deterred by the sketchy dodgy location, minuscule and tight seating, and the use of disposable cutlery, hardena has AMAZING FOOD.
i've tried almost everything on the menu and can safely say that everything deserves at least a 3.5/5 stars. some of the highlights are the beef rendang, egg and tofu curry and the fish curry. the chicken satay and chendol are pretty swag too.
the only thing about the food that troubles me is that i can never decide what to order because honestly, everything is pretty darn awesome. always worth traveling to south philly for. 
two very enthusiastic thumbs ups!!I finally took the 45 second walk around the corner and tried this place out. For the longest time, I didnt even know this place existed. But thanks to yelp's search engine I was able to find a place that served curry (which is what I was craving). It's a very small establishment and it reminded me of the street vendors in the Philippines that cook heaps of different foods and keep them under warmers all day. As soon as you walk in, a friendly girl asks if you've ever been there before and explains all the food selections and prices. Unfortunately they did not have the curry today but I tried the fish in coconut yellow sauce and the beef dish. Both very very delicious but I thought the beef was my favorite. Flavorful and tender. Will def be back and hopefully they'll have the curry chicken!I have taken several friends here and it's my favorite place in South Philly that doesn't serve beer. (Love you, SPTR!) For $6.00 you can get nearly anything, and it is all so good. My friend doesn't eat veggies or soy, so she got a full plate of meat, and it was only a dollar extra. She LOVED the fried chicken, and I'm always a fan of the greens. Definitely the place to go when you are looking for something new and fun!What else can I say about this place, all the other reviews here pretty much say it all. This is truly a great place for authentic Indonesian food. I've been living in south philly for over three years and have heard great things about this place from many different sources yet never actually gotten to check this place out until two weeks ago. I was horrified to discover what I've been missing. Add to my shame the fact that I'm fully Indonesian.
The restaurant (well, "restaurant") resembles a typical Indonesian 'waroeng' (read: a modest eatery) commonly found in Indonesia. The options that are being served everyday are very much Identical to those being served at most 'waroeng's you'd encounter if you take a trip around any of Indonesia's major cities. The classic beef rendang, chicken curry, gorengan (fried stuff e.g. bakwan &t tempe), tofu, and sambal (hot sauce), and other delicious menus are served here in hardena. 
But I don't want to emphasize more on how fantastic the quality of Kak Ena's food is or the great price that comes along with it. By reading the reviews below I'm sure you'd get a clear picture of how great of a place hardena really is. To myself and many other Indonesians who reside here in Philadelphia, hardena deserves the honor of being named as one of our cures for homesickness. The ambiance of the place might not be what most Americans would characterize as perfect for purposes such as dining, but it is for us. What you'd see, feel, and taste inside hardena is what you'd see, feel, and taste inside most 'waroeng's in Indonesia. The way the tables and chairs are set up, the orchids, the traditional wooden statues, the cafeteria style, and above all the greatness of the food. I'm home.
There are 'downs', of course, as with the case of any other restaurant. Be prepared if you're planning to come on weekends because the place is most likely to be packed with natives. I myself enjoy the community, but I believe most non-Indonesians would not because of many reasons (the noisiness and feeling of alienation being just two of them), so heads up. But still, this is far from enough to make me take off a star from my ratings for hardena.
If you start coming on a regular basis, though,  you'd notice that this place is a favorite to not only Indonesians but some Americans as well. I've seen a couple of familiar faces. I really am proud and appreciative especially after reading the wonderful reviews written by non-Indonesians about hardena here on yelp!. Most local Philadelphians would most likely have somewhat of an indifferent attitude  if I say something like "I love philly cheesesteak" and I just wish that there was a way to let others know how exactly I feel when a non-Indonesian says "I love hardena's beef rendang". 
So what are you waiting for? Indonesian or non-Indonesian, if you're up for some bold and delicious flavors of hardena accompanied with great service and unbelievably low price, this place is open till 8 o'clock all days except Tuesdays. Go there asap!!!Homestyle meals served in a little room with plastic table cloths and plastic cutlery, and the most amazing amazing flavors!!Eating the beef (don't know the proper name) here is like the first time I had red curry or pho, chicken fried steak, bahn mi, bulgogi.... it's that foodgasm where all things delicious unite to create the perfect merger of ingredients. The taste was like a creamy floral beefy experience. In addition to this, every other flavor of dishes I had were so unique, definitely giving a voice to indo food that is far different from the popular thai and vietnamese dishes that reign here. 
Service was great, they explained all the dishes before we chose 3 piping hot sides each to add to our $6 styrofoam plate of rice.Hardena's definitely does not feel like a restaurant. Instead it feels like a home made meal made by your Indonesian friend's mom at her house. Don't get thrown away by the restaurant's shabby exterior or the dim lighting or the small/ethnic interior. The food speaks for itself. Food is served a la carte style on paper plate with a generous amount of hot steamy white rice. For $8, you got white rice and two sides, additional sides is extra $2 / $3 depending on the side. You can paid before or after you eat. Take out boxes are also available. 
The popular collard greens and beef rendang did not disappoint. I also tried the curry fish, tofu and egg. It was so good! They spoon the curry sauce on the rice and I could eat that and be happy. Honestly, you can't go wrong with any of the sides and you'll leave full!
I went on a hot summer day, and I can just imagine the warm food tasting even better on a cold wintery day. Only complaints are that I wish the sides are labeled and the place is little closer towards center city.Soo good. The jackfruit is delicious, with a surprisingly meaty texture and a very rich flavorful sauce. You can't go wrong with the egg & tofu curry either.My goodness the food was so delicious! This hole in the wall is welcoming and feels like you stepped into an authentic kitchen in Indonesia. Decor is bare minimum, but all that matters is the fresh, perfectly spiced food. We had the egg tofu curry, beef rendang (tender, flavorful), collard greens (spicy, great texture), and chicken satay. ALL HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.wow
I'm not indonesian, but my boyfriend is.  He says this place is the most legit indo food he's had in America.
I never tried indo food besides gado gado before coming to this place, but damn! Sooo good. seriously.  
The place looks like a dump, but don't be dissuaded, it will prove it's worth.  There is no effort to make anything look appetising, but it doesn't matter in the end really.  
Go try it for yourself.I'm so glad that I tried this restaurant! It is wonderful for both meat eaters and vegetarians. 
We went here yesterday after hearing all of the excellent reviews on Yelp and were happy that we did. 
Cute ambiance and excellent food for $6 a plate, you can not beat it. 
All of the items are hot and behind glass and they dish it up to eat there or for takeout. We went to the counter and must have looked a little overwhelmed so the exceedingly nice lady dishing the food asked if it was our first time there. She was super helpful and pleasant as she described all of the choices to us. She was knowledgeable about the vegetarian items that we asked for. There were several meat dishes but we also had about 7 vegetarians items to choose from. The $6 plate gives you your choice of 3 of the items poured over rice, which was big enough that I could not even finish my plate. I love that. 
I asked for her recommendations and was given a heaping plate of something eggplant, tempeh something, and jack fruit something (sorry, just one time there I don't have the names down yet). The sauces of each were amongst the best that I have ever had. My boyfriend got a vegetable fritter of some sort that was exceedingly good. 
If you like flavorful yet spicy homemade hot sauce let her put a dollop on your plate. This hot sauce should be bottled and sold, it is as good as it gets. 
If you are a snob about decor please skip this place and leave it for me. Otherwise, have a great meal in a nice family place.OMG I can't believe how goooood is this restaurant.
The lamb is sooft and tender, the spices are tasty and unique, i really looooved the food honestly you must give it a try and you won't regret.Best food in South Philly. If they'd only shut off the TV I'd give them 5 stars.This is a fabulous place.  It is owned and operated by a lovely family who aims to please We took a large group there today and everyone, despite our different eating preferences, was happy. The vegans were happy, the veggies were happy and the meat eaters were happy. I recommend the gado gado if you love veggies and peanut flavor like I do.  The seating area is small and seating is tight, but it is worth the authentic feeling. The prices are low, so that a lunch can run from 5 to 10 dollars. Parking is find-able in the neighborhood too.Collard greens are the best - get them with any other item on the hot bar and you will have a great meal. Make sure you try the hot sauce too! This is worth the trip to South Philly.Oh Hardena, how I am so grateful to thee. After coming across a thread on Reddit, where Redditors gleefully agreed that Hardena is one their guilty pleasures in the realm of "hole-in-a-wall" restaurants ... I knew I had to see what all the snuff was about. Mind you, I never had Indonesian food before so everything was a new experience for me. Overall, I enjoyed my order and have made quite a few visits afterwards. Their goat/lamb curry is my go-to and I always make sure that I include it as a side order. As for the beef rendang, it's aiight for the most part. I have tried better versions at other Indonesian restaurants. I am by no means a vegan or vegetarian (yes, yes I am a weak carnivore), but I get why their food is a hit with those kinds of people. They can definitely work more on the portion sizes. If I am going to fork over $12 for a platter with 3 sides, I expect a more generous serving than the platter shown in the photo. These days, I prefer to hit up Ramayana Restaurant which is only a few min away ... Why you ask? More authentic cuisine + better prices = a no-brainer choice for me.OMG...two choices for 7 dollars with rice..choices were tempeh, tofu, goat, chicken in a wonderful coconut sauce, greens, beef, mixed vegetables with eggs...ask for hot sauce on the side..its hooott..its Indonesian soul food...goHardena,
I am missing you so much.  Being 3,000 miles closer now to Indonesia doesn't guarantee that the food will be any better.  And definitely not cheaper.
Wanna open up a chain in LA?
*Tip- go on Saturday so you can get jackfruit curry.  AMAZING.
*Everyone I have ever taken here, no matter how picky or complicated their diets were, have absolutely loved this.I tried Hardena's food at a food festival in Astoria, NY, and really enjoyed their food. Their lamb and chicken skewers - plus sauce! - were really nicely flavored. To be honest, I'm not 100% sure what everything else was that came in my combination, but I'd venture to say you can't go wrong with their food. The people working at their stand were also very nice and charming, which really helped sell their food. And it was only $9 for tons of food!Go for the food. The family recipes are stellar. It was my first time at the restaurant and I was unfamiliar with the menu. The staff was very patient, took the time to explain the options and make recommendations. I was beyond thrilled with my selections. The food was so delicious and plentiful all for a low price. 
  The restaurant is small with only a handful of tables. I noticed a lot of take-out orders. However, I enjoyed the small proximity of other tables. The customers were friendly and we chatted from table to table occasionally. 
  I will be returning again and again.I get it.  Cheap, filling, tasty food for $6.  There's a welcoming yellow and blue painted door.  The family is smiling and happy to serve up the home cooked meal.   BUT, I would never bring anyone who is completely mainstream here.  I would bring my always broke hipster cousins and friends who are looking for a great deal. 
It is a bit of a detour to get here.  I had never come to Point Breeze before, but I had to check it out after most of the Yelp reviews were 5 star reviews.
I was very hungry, so anything would have been fine.  Some of the dishes were a little greasy and heavy.  The rice was a little wet.  I cook often and it is hard to make the perfect rice.  I know, I know, it was $6.  But, if you make rice everyday, it is your job to make it right.  It could be an Indonesian style way of making rice.  
Very authentic and nice to have options under ten dollars if you want to have an adventure.  Not sure if I will be back.  
Hubby wants to add that this beats bad suburban strip mall chain food any day.Authentic Indo food. Every time I have come here has been takeout. Doesn't feel like much of a sit down place. 
Ordered the beef rendang. Tasted good. Spicy but not overly seasoned. Excellent food and its fresh.
I will be back.4.5 stars? For serious? This place is not anything to brag about. I actually skipped more than half of the platter to go eat something else instead. Little flavor, small pieces of tender meat that were overshadowed by the large pieces of bone and chunks of fat attached. I was very excited, and then very dismayed.Great food! I really liked that the person behind the counter asked if we needed a rundown of the options. She told us what each dish was and answered questions we had. Ive never had Indonesian food before so it was nice to know what everything was. I got the yellow curry fish and the marinated beef on rice and they were both so flavorful. Beef was sooo tender. My boyfriend got the ginger chicken and potatoes. I loved the potatoes but the chicken was a thigh and I dont' like having to eat around the bones. I would go again the next time I visit Philly!Love the vegetarian combo for only$7 you get 3 choices w/ rice. Any of the tempeh are great(they had 2 kinds today). Love the collard greens.Had a tofu-veg stew today that was awesome. Still prefer tempeh..Get the hot sauce. Must admit I used to be a vegetarian; am no more; but this food is very satisfying. Extremely exotically flavorful! Tried the beef rendang a couple of times and it was excellent. Especially after it sits in the steam table for a while and gets extremely tender and flavorful. Have to try the satay someday; keep forgetting.Delicious little neighborhood joint conveniently tucked away in South Philly. I was hungry, found this place of Yelp and left completely satisfied. I received an abundance of food for very little bread. Would definitely recommend!Words cannot express how much I love this restaurant. Their food is great and their hot sauce is amazing!  And the family is so nice.The Indonesian restaurant Hardena had made the list of best 50 restaurants in Philadelphia according to the Philadelphia Inquirer.  It's about time some real ethnic restaurants made this list.  This popular small corner establishment in South Philly does indeed serve up some tasty food. And the proprietors are friendly and it's kinda cute on the inside.
A recent eat-in meal here began with a totally tasty corn fritter.  Put a little sambal on it and I could eat 4 or 5 of these. The salad/entrée of Nasi Pecel was large and filling though missing a bit of the spiciness I look forward to in my Indonesian salads.  I did like the peanut sauce but would also have liked a few more greens.  A side of beef rendang was excellent and I eventually mixed it in with my salad as of course the salad had a rice base. Total cost of all this was $18.
As much as I liked the food, there are a couple of features I would recommend to improve the in-house dining.  They are using Styrofoam plates and plastic silverware - not my favorite and probably not biodegradable.  The tables only have salt & pepper although there is a bottle of kecap manis and one of hot sauce near the register if you look for them.  I wasn't sure how the pricing worked for the steam table.  I think this could be made clearer when ordering.  I did hear some regulars mention that you get two choices for a certain price but if true I wasn't informed about that.  Also their hand-held tablet for using a credit card is very sensitive. I was planning to press "None of the suggested tips" and leave a separate tip based on the fact that this really is a cafeteria style restaurant but before I could do that a tip of 20% was registered and because it was so crowded I just let it go. 
With a little upgrade to the in-house dining experience, Hardena would garner 5 stars in my review.  But nonetheless, this is an excellent Indonesian eatery.Its the bomb. Small. Friendly.  Speaks english. It feels like home.  Highly recommend them!One of my favorite places for authentic Indonesian cuisine. Although the seating is limited, the general vibe is very welcoming and intimate. If you ever stop in, definitely try the beef rendang over rice, you won't regret it.Delicious home cooked food tucked away in a small corner of south Philly. Everything we ordered was so tasty. Our favorites were definitely the beef rendang and the chicken sate--best peanut sauce I've ever had! The ladies that worked behind the counter were super friendly and sweet. I can't wait to go back!It's really a stretch to even call this place a restaurant.  From the outside it looks like a shady bar or nightclub - no windows, no menu, no sign that it's even open.  Inside there's a few tables, fluorescent lighting, a short buffet-style counter with a crowded kitchen behind it.  The food was delicious! The cook/owner was friendly and explained each dish.  The bf loved the homemade chili sauce.  The place reminds me of lunches in a church basement with much better food.Unexpectedly amazing. We walked 3 miles round trip from our hotel to find this tiny, well kept restaurant and were well rewarded. The proprietress was all smiles as she helped us navigate trough the myriad choices of colorful, flavorful Indonesian delights. Worth the journey and the fare.If you want REAL and AUTHENTIC Indonesian food, then Hardena is the place to go! Hardena is a little hard to find because it is in a corner on a street that not many people go to and street parking can be a little hard to find in the area. But once you do step inside, you get a whiff of a spicy and alluring aroma. There are a couple of Indonesian dishes that you can try. I forgot exactly the name of the dish I ordered but it was a rice platter with well done beef, curry, and a boiled egg. The beef and curry had a nice harmony to your taste buds. The curry was spicy and had that alluring aroma I mentioned earlier. The ambiance is beautiful as you see some golden statues and beautiful tapistry that immediately takes you away from the streets of Philadelphia and into another country. I would love to go back again :)I've come here a few times and it has been consistently excellent! Tried another Indonesian spot, and ran right back here. Always great food, prices and the owner is so sweet!Went to this place since I had a voucher. First thing to take notice of is that it is unnoticeable! The cab driver dropped us right in front of the door but we still couldn't figure out if it was the right place. It blends in with other houses in the neighborhood. It is more of a take-out place than a dine-in. They had a guest over who was happily downing beer, even though the establishment doesn't serve alcohol.
We got a beef soup with tripe (without peanut sauce) as appetizer. You get a choice of 3 sides with rice. I couldn't catch the names but we tried goat and lamb curry, fish in coconut milk, beef, eggplant with fermented tofu, and jackfruit. We ate all this while watching a documentary about spiders on National Geographic on the TV, which was blaring constantly. It was a surreal experience and felt like we were visiting estranged relatives where there was hardly any conversation. It was Halloween night and a few kids (and a lady!) came in for trick or treats. 
Anyway, coming back to the food, it was great! If you don't know why jackfruit is called "Vegetarians' meat," then you should really try it. For dessert, we had the Indonesian version of bubble tea with coconut and palm syrup. It definitely needs an acquired taste. The voucher that I used was definitely over-priced but at only $7 for rice with 3 sides, the regular fare really is a bargain. A change of location would help the business but I guess that would defeat the charm of the place. Certainly worth repeat visits!{ International Wednesday Post }
The Wednesday immediately following the Anthony Bourdain "The Layover" Philadelphia Episode, I just knew we had to try Hardena! I was a little nervous because it's not in the greatest neighborhood, but it actually wasn't so bad. I asked the server if they had noticed an uptick in business since the episode aired, and she casually said that they had not and was pretty surprised that the tv show was the reason why I had come. I had her fill 2 to-go containers with all but 2 of the day's offerings. A few of my favorites were the salted eggplant, and the coconut curry salmon.  This place is worth the trip for take out!A good Indonesian food with authentic flavour preserved. Rendang and bakwan is highly recommended. Been here several times and haven't gotten tired of it yet. Overall, it's a place I would recommend to people that want to have a taste of Indonesian food.I have been craving for Indonesian food for a while. Therefore, after searching through Yelp and from friend's recommendation, I decided to visit this place on my short stay in Philadelphia. First of all, I was not impressed with the neighborhood surrounding the restaurant. However, I voted 4 stars for the food. The food was relatively cheap considering the three items you could get for only $7, including the rice. I ordered the beef rendang, Indonesian style chicken curry, and some veggies. All of them, especially the beef rendang, were pretty good to satisfy my cravings for Indonesian food.You know why this place deserves five stars? Because for SIX DOLLARS you will leave  A. Pleasantly full  B. With satisfied tastebuds and C. Love your life for the hour you spent of it in a cozy, family-run business, that's why! Please, don't expect to go here and be served modern, upscale cuisine...it's not that type of place (which i find so refreshing).  What you'll get here is friendly, sincere service and delicious, makes me salivate thinking about it now, home-cooked street food.  I'm guessing it's the Indonesian equivalent to my mom's pot roast...only here it's food that's been stewing in delicious, coconut and peanut-based sauces all day!  Their tempeh is the best I've had EVER, and trust me, I've made tempeh every way imaginable.  They always have 3-4 vegetarian options and a variety of carnivorous delights...beef, lamb and fish.  You get to choose 3 different things over a heaping pile of rice, so basically, 2 dollars/tasting.  This is my go-to spot when I come home from work starving and need comfort food immediately!SOUTH PHILADELPHIA'S BEST KEPT SECRET
The tempeh, the collards, the tofu, this place has it all. Heaping portions for CHEAP-definitely enough for two meals. Tucked away in the heart of "Newbold," you'll know this place from it's corner entry and bright yellow paint. 
The people who work here are sweethearts. 
Watch out for the hot sauce, it'll getcha.Authentic Indonesian food! I got the combo plate - three dishes and white rice for $11. I chose the goat meat, chicken, and their mixed vegetables. The cooked veggies were succulent. Carrots and a white root vegetable (?) where prominent - the juice they were cooked in was full of flavor! Unfortunately, it was small portions of the meats to eat - more bone that protein. But what was solid meat was incredible, fall off the bone tender! Meat was also in a juicy sauce, and perfectly seasoned. Not too spicy - once the plate cooled down, the spicy level also subsided to my comfort level. 
The daughter working the food - Lia - was polite, wonderful, bubbly personality. As soon as I told her this was my first venture, she chimed right in and explained all the dishes. I recommend people try this if they're in Philly!Authentic Indonesian cuisine, really friendly staff and most important is the food very delicious. Love the atmosphere in there too, they have a new traditional "bakso" cart as their register, so cute! Reminds me a lot of Indonesia, overall really recommend this place.Going to start a yelp needs a half star facebook group.  I'm giving Hardena 3 1/2.
Things I love about it: small, friendly, family and locally owned, one of the cooks shares her first name with me, price, convenience to the broad street line, and byo.
After reading about Hardena on Yelp for the past few weeks, and talking with a friend of mine about it repeatedly as we have an overobsession with reading Yelp reviews, we decided to venture there last night.  
I chose lamb, fish, and veggies as my toppings for rice.  Don't get me wrong, I completely devoured everything on the plate . . . but this often says more about my eating habits than it does about my enjoyment of the meal.  Everything was "a-ok."  I enjoyed the meal; just not five star enjoyment.Veggies were okay in terms of taste and portion size, but the beef rendang was as good as advertised! There's probably not enough rice to get more than two dishes, though. Still, would definitely stop by if I'm in the area again.I love this great hole-in-the-wall gem. A block from my house, the owners are always there and always smiling. Definitely worth the $6 for a large take-out box of food, this is my favorite alternative to pizza night. Inexpensive, easy, delicious. They make these hard boiled eggs marinated in a curry that I crave for days afterward - don't forget to ask for one. 
Most often we take our food to go, but eating in the small table-area is usually fun (most days there's something you wouldn't expect to be watching on their small tv in the corner) and it's a great spot for a little people watching - it's fun to see who will walk in next.
One of my favorite things about Hardena is how willing they've been for the past few years to work with our neighborhood association. We love Hardena and it's clear they love us back.Love this place! I'm a big fan of the steam table unpretentious vibe. Here combined with incredibly flavorful and affordably priced food. I am no expert in Indonesian cuisine, so I can't speak with authority. But what I do love about this place is that there is a plethora of vegetarian dishes to choose from while also amazing meat and fish selections. They always have jackfruit, tempeh, goat and beef, as well as collard greens, a personal favorite. Awesome variety. BYOB means you can pick up a few cold beers at Ultimo around the corner and then enjoy!Love this place!  The food is terrific and the people couldn't be nicer.  Inexpensive and lots of choices for vegans.  I'm a big fan!PROS: Authentic, humble Indonesian food, cheap prices
CONS: Sketchy exterior, paper plates and plastic forks
WHAT TO ORDER:
- Beef Rendang
- Fish Curry
If you come here for good service, forget it because you order at the register. If you come here for any form of fanciness, forget it. If you come here for good, humble ethnic food, you're at the right place! The delicious Indonesian dishes are what draw me back to this out-of-the-way spot. The people who work here are extra nice and friendly!Best of the best! I would go there everyday if i could.Very friendly nice family and fresh cooked meal for a good price! Try their dessert drinks !Good family run restaurant that offer authentic Indonesian food at value. Although food is good but most dishes are pre cooked and I think it would have been much better if they were freshly made to order. Additionally, desserts, more like drinks, are also slightly overpriced in comparison to quantity on my opinion. Apart from these, everything else is great. I would definitely go back, at least for the rendang and tempeh, and will recommend others too.Hardena offers authentic Indonesian food in a home-style setting. Note the food here is out in food warmers, and the owner scoops everything for you.
From the outside, it may look dingy or even closed, but don't be scarred - inside you'll find some delicious food.
For like $8 you get two entrees, a side, and rice. Highlights include:
- Beef Rendang - this is really the star of Hardena, so juicy and flavorful
- Collards - cooked Indonesian style (not Southern style lol)
- Fish Curry
- Tempeh
Anthony Bourdain gave this place his approval, so check it out.
Note - if you are looking for a more cooked-to-order Indonesian experience, there are like 5 other Indonesian restuarants in the Point Breeze area.Best Indonesian food I've ever had in the US! The rendang's meat was juicy and tender, the sambal goreng terong was out of this world. Also tried my friend's gulai kambing and it did taste good. One would never suspect such small place sells food this great!Never judge a book on his cover!!!!
When I walked in I thought I was on the streets of Indonesia some where in a hole in the wall...!!
If you are a foodie, and did not grow up with a silver spoon in your mouth Hardena is the place to experience authentic Indonesian food!!! 
Please, try!!!After sitting on the bookmark for many weeks, Amy and I finally made the trek to Hardena. It's worth mentioning that Amy is not the most adventurous culinary explorer, but she is trusting and therefore game for most any challenge I throw down. Hole-in-the-wall Indonesian food in Point Breeze is by far the most challenging food situation I have ever thrust us into. 
We walked in a little confused and a lot hungry. After an eternity of 60 seconds, we were guided through the selections and the process by a matronly and sweet woman behind the counter. "First time?" she asked. Clearly we looked like deer in the headlights. 
Plates piled high with more food than I would have thought possible for $6 per person, we sat down and dug in. I enjoyed my food, but some of the textures were foreign to me. I am spoiled by only having eaten better cuts of meat for the past two decades. The tempeh was fantastic, as was the tofu-and-egg curry dish. The lamb and chicken were too much of the dark-meat variety for me. Not complaining, just not what I am used to.
Amy did not fare so well. Holding up a misshapen cut of poultry she asked, "what piece of the chicken is this?" When I replied, in my best you're-gonna-be-sorry-you-asked tone, "the neck," she turned a deeper shade of green and threw in the towel.
I'll be back for lunch. By myself. =)Absurdly cheap. Absurdly delicious. That you're the only non-Indonesian person in the place confirms this. I can't even tell you what I've had there because I'm terrible at remembering the names of Asian dishes. Thank God for the sweet owner who piles food on your plate as liberally as your grandma.So I came back today after a visit 2 years ago. I didn't come back because they was a discrepancy with the price. I read all the good reviews about how good they were so when I visited the place I just thought the price had went up. That was 2 years ago.
Today, I came in and the price changed again. I thought it was $7 for 2-3 things but it is now $9  for 3 choices.  I really like the place because it is homey and cozy  but after the price discrepancy happened again, I don't think I'll be back. They don't post the price up and I felt like  because I didn't speak the language or looked like I was from the area, I got a different price. 
The food was good but I don't like the price variations.