Food: 2
Decor: 3
Ambiance: 2.5
Service: 2
Value: 2
I had high hopes for this place. Unfortunately, it has fallen flat like our visits to its sister restaurants, Barra Rossa. The meals were sub-par. The service was off. This place had less atmosphere than either Barra Rossa did, and felt decidedly chain-restuarant-like. The saving grace here is definitely their desserts, which helped bump this place up to a 2.I love that Harvest has seasonal foods coming from farms in the surrounding area. The food is always tasty and fresh. 
The salmon BLT on pumpernickel I had was delicious! I was a little disappointed with the Vietnamese chicken tacos though. 
The portions are small for the price you pay. 
Don't forget to check in on Yelp for a free harvest flatbread! It's got Asiago cheese and fresh herbs. Scrumptious!I wasn't impressed with the place the 1st time. But then i went back and had a long island iced tea. Damn. That's strong stuff! Like 3-4 shots in that glass. It tasted great. The interior was dim and cozy. I had a blast that 2nd time. 
The Yelp $4 flatbread was too thin and cracker-like with barely any pizza flavor. Not really worth it.I was walking by and decided to ho in. Pleasantly surprised by the food, service and presentation. Great selection of wines. Definitely a place I would visit againMy brother and I came here looking for healthy, wholesome dinner and was not let down. Harvest Seasonal Grill is a solid place for a casual dinner that you won't feel guilty about afterward.
Being a weeknight, even on a bustling college campus, seating was no trouble at all. We were promptly provided with menus, and the waitress kindly gave us a very extensive rundown of the specials. I decided to order the Harvest Moon Chicken off the special menu, and my brother ordered the BBQ ribs. 
I also used the Yelp check-in deal to get the free appetizer, which was brought out at once. It was a Harvest Flatbread, a delicious and large crispy flatbread slab lightly adorned with asiago cheese and herbs. It was delicious; not too rich or filling, but flavorful and light, the perfect start to our meal. Would absolutely order again, even sans-promotional deal.
The food came out shortly after, and we were floored! The presentation was beautiful, and the portions absolutely perfect. The chicken was very flavorful and tender, but my only gripe was it seemed a tad chewy and might have done better with 5 more minutes in the roaster. However, the delicious sides on the plate more than made up for this; the grilled apples were PACKED with delicious tangy flavor which was augmented by the delicious jus bath that the meal sat atop. The Brussels sprouts and the fingerling potatoes rounded out the meal very well. 
My brother was also wowed by his dish. The ribs were tender and served boneless for ease of consumption. The large slab of cornbread that accompanied the meat was fantastic; the bread was subtly sweet, with a slightly more sweet, crispy top. The jicama slaw was very colorful and also tasted very good, however, we both agreed that the real stars of the plate were the meat and bread.
As we cleaned off our perfectly portioned plates, we were offered a delicious-looking selection of desserts but regretfully had to decline because we were so stuffed. Next time, Harvest Seasonal Grill...because there definitely will be a next time.Harvest is a great restaurant. I won't say amazing but you will not be disappointed. I had a pesto flatbread  and artichoke dip for appetizers. The pesto flatbread was slightly cold yet still tasty. The artichoke dip was well seasoned. For the entree I had a filet mignon. The beef was cooked properly the sides had some snap peas and an apricot glaze. A mash potato should have been added to the dish but I had no complaints. The dessert was simple a mouse in a cup for $3. A steak knife should have been given to me and my party but I had to ask for it. Solid food.I don't know why this place has gotten mediocre reviews. It was great. I went with a group of six for my birthday dinner. Great appetizers--pot stickers, edamame, tuna tartar, mushrooms. Good vegetarian selections, good prices, and although we didn't go there for it--most things were under 500 calories. Plus a great, patient waitress for a picky group of six. Wouldn't order the flat bread pizza again, though.The service was to notch and the food was amazing. The autumn squash soup and the portobello mushroom "cheese steak" are well worth trying.First of all, it took 15 minutes for someone to come to our table. Lots of servers kept passing by but no one acknowledged our presence. Finally, after the 15 minutes of waiting, they apologized and a server took our order. She was friendly and the rest of the time the service was pretty good (we ordered and ate really fast because we wanted to get out of there).
The food was disgusting. The gluten-free flatbread tastes like an English muffin type frozen thing with lots of preservatives in it, like it could never go bad. I know gluten-free bread is not good in general, but this was especially bad. The toppings were sparse, which I guess is a good thing because the little sauce, cheese, and tomato that was on the flatbread made it super soggy. 
The corn risotto tasted and looked like rice with a can of condensed milk in it. It was super sweet and not savory at all. In fact, everything we ate - which was also supposed to be savory - tasted sweet and under-salted.
The Greek Salad had a super sweet dressing too. It tasted like stevia water. The only redeeming factor was the local feta cheese which was nice though very mild.
By the way, all of the "Mexican" stuff on the menu has hummus in it. Who puts hummus and apple slices in a burrito?
The unfried fries were boiled "al dente" potatoes. 
We would've been better of going to one of the chains across the street.Ambience: beautiful, brand-new decor. The outside seating area is very nice, spacious and has firepits!
Food: very fresh and healthy. They had a variety of options but their portions were not consistent with the prices
Price: overpriced. The cheapest option was like $12 for a small meal or appetizer and it was just average grill food. 
Happy hour: good specials, probably the only good time to come here is between 5-7pm on a weekday! 
Tip: check in to get a free harvest flatbreadOrdered the buffalo burger, medium rare. It came out a hard black brick, like the cook had forgotten it was cooking, noticed after it was ten minutes too late, and said, "Eh, customer probably won't even notice it's just mostly black carbon at this point rather than meat." It was inedible. It was a shame because the mushrooms on the burger were quite good. So if there were more mushrooms, more condiments, more veggies, and an patty made of meat, it would have been a good burger (the burger was dry as a toenail, and not just because of the meat). The waitstaff didn't bring a place setting with the food, which was challenging with the salad that the burger came with. I guess it's a hand-salad kind of place. The 21st century is so confusing. Server did give a good wine recommendation, though. I would have asked for my wine medium-rare, but they would have messed it up, so I just got it in a glass from the bottle.Wow, it just keeps getting worse and worse. Their staff and service is terrible, extremely rude bartender at the upstairs bar last night. It was not an isolated instance, she was extremely rude to me, and 3 of my other friends all individually, all separate occasions of going up to the bar to order. I am appalled by the state of her "services" and that she can even work in the customer service industry. 
Came last night for Quizzo, as it has become a weekly tradition for my friends for the last 4 weeks. but after yesterday, I'm not sure we will be back..
First instance: I go to the bar, order 4 Yuenglings and ask about the pizza specials. She responds " I need your card to start a tab". Me: okay no problem  * boyfriend hands me the card*. " Oh i'm sorry, can we add one more, i didn't realize we needed 5 please - ME" 
Rude bartender: (raising her voice) " I NEED YOUR CARD TO START A TAB"  ( umm first of all the card is in my hand for her to take). I really wanted to respond " I'M NOT DEAF, ARE YOU BLIND, IT'S IN MY HAND YOU RUDE HUMAN"  She pissed me off, I seriously hated her then and there already, what is your problem??  You work in the customer service industry and that's how you speak to someone, when your wage depends on your kindness to others? Or not even kindness, just being a decent respectable not rude human being??? 
Second instance: my friend gets up to order a drink. She interrupts him " HI you're friend in the green shirt, get her. " My friend kindly rephrases her RUDE statement and says " oh yes, you need to speak with her? ..."
3rd instance I won't get into the details, but it had to do with my friend in the green shirt that went up to talk to her. Whatever happened, it was not good. Because she came back and was like " WOW, that was unnecessary.. B*TCH". I raelly apologize for those rude words, but I am just saying verbatim what happened last night. My friends and I are very tolerant as we've all worked in the service industry. but we are not tolerant to unwarranted rudeness. 
Her service truly disgusted me. At the end of the night she did semi- redeem herself and said bye have a good night. Great job...I wish the star ratings were divided into sections for food, service, and appearance. They get 5 stars for trying so hard .The place is beautiful I had a tour the day after it opened. Handicapped elevator,winding staircases, patio, nice outdoor setting wood burning stove and booth seating.  But  the next time you set a table put the salt and pepper shakers  on the table.The server was knowledgeable.But really trying  to hard to please..Just get my food on the table steaming hot and the way i ordered it . Don't give me 65 choices of tea in box you have to lug out  and show me.Tea is tea.The wine service was decent  but  should feature more specials. My pom martini was ok but I've had better at regular bars during happy hour..Ok let's talk about the food . I get the farm to table concept everyone is going with these days  but how about adding some flavor to that food ? I don't need four leaf clovers on everything you serve or whatever that garnish was.Too much garnish indicates you are trying to hide something.Those very pricey  flat breads we shared were flat and garnished ! .Mac and Cheese at $5.00 a pot should pop with flavor and the cheese should be thick not soupy here's where that salt and pepper was needed while the food was hot.The food did not say hot long either How about a nice topping of bread crumbs? My  dessert  was a tiny cup of apple pie  crumb filling it should have been served warmer and need either a piece of cheese on the side or better yet some vanilla ice cream. Forty dollars later after dividing  a bill among 5 people lesson learned. Bobby's Burgers and the Tap House  right across the street and that is where you will find me. Getting tasty food  for half  the price.Came here while I was out working in Philly.  Good food and a patient staff.  My friends and I need up drinking here most nights due to it being nearby.  They didn't kick us out so it worked out good for both of us.
Do: Have the Asian BBQ skewers
Don't: Get wasted and demand the DJ play Boys to Men or do depending on your mood.Just Ok. I got the Italian Pizza and it was very good, but the cocktails weren't. In our group of six, two orders and two checks came out incorrectly. I liked the atmosphere though and the service was good. No wait on a Friday night.We enjoyed several delicious cocktails including Grandma's Candy Dish and Jack Rose. The Pear & Bleu flatbread was tasty and had well balanced flavors.  
Service was good, we had a friendly and knowledgable waiter.Yelpers have an offer of getting $4 off any flatbread at Harvest, and I've been taking advantage of this discount with abandon. I would definitely suggest the meat lovers' flatbread (it's $6 in the end) because it has a decent amount of sausage/bacon (?) and also baked cheese on top. I think the only reason why I'm giving Harvest 4 stars is because of its discount -- for the menu prices, the service is as expected (attendant, albeit sometimes slow at making rounds), and the food is quite average, particularly for brunch.
I do enjoy that they have seasonal menus though!So So about 1.5 stars
Loved the decor and atmosphere. I came here with a large group for a game night. We had an awesome time. Good drink specials but the food left much to be desired. It LACKED some serious seasoning. We ordered a pizza and several others purchased flatbreads, no seasoning whatsoever. 
I was also annoyed because the bartender upstairs would not use my yelp check in offer for a free flatbread. She wanted me to purchase something else with it when we just purchased a beer and cider. 
I'd probably come back but not for the food.It's about time!  I've loved eating at the Harvest in Glen Mills for years now, but always hated the long drive out of the city, I was so excited to hear they were opening up in the city.
I've eaten here twice now, once at a booth downstairs, and once at the bar upstairs.  The menu is the same delicious and eclectic samplings you'd expect to find at the sister location, with many 500 calorie or less options.  The flat bread continues to be my favorite.   This is a great lunch spot as you don't have to feel guilty about ordering a high-calorie meal when having a business meeting, you can still easily eat healthy.
I only sampled one of the special drinks on the menu, the Gin and blood orange one' a very nice balance of flavors.  Looking forward to trying other drinks on my next visit.
The decor is very casual but upscale.  I felt comfortable wearing nice jeans and a button down, a nice change from many of the newer places opening up in the city where you tend to feel under dressed if you don't have a suit jacket on.  I didn't get a chance to sit outside on the patio with the fountain, but I imagine it would be a great place to be sat on a date in the summer.
Overall, I was very impressed that they somehow captured the magic from Glenn Mills and recreate what I fell in love with years ago.  Farm fresh food, low calorie options and an abundance of flavor through a eclectic menu.So the 3 stars are for a few reasons. First let me say we had no issues with our food as far as taste goes. I thought my scallops tasted great and the short ribs my girlfriend had where very tender. The potatoes that came with the short ribs my girlfriend said reminded her of instant potatoes. They tasted ok ti me but she was the one eating them. The scallops I ordered tasted great. My concern is the fact that I had to wait 10 minutes after my girlfriends food came out before I received mine. Something about a mix up in the kitchen. They did cover a couple of my drinks which was nice but it doesn't dismiss the fact that I had to wait 10 minutes longer than my girlfriend for my food. 
At one point I knocked over a drink on the table and sat there for 10 minutes trying to clean it up myself before our server come over to the table, all this time while the bus person was 5 feet away but was more interested in flirting with the hostess at the front desk. 
Again I had no problems with the quality of the food it just seemed some internal customer service issues could be better.What a wonderful place! Having just completed a marathon medical test, my friend and I were looking for a nice place to relax and feed our faces. After a recommendation from our hotel front desk person, we walked to Harvest, and an amazing meal unfolded. We arrived during happy hour so partook of every appetizer on their comprehensive yet reasonable seasonal menu, featuring local and organic ingredients. The Chicken skewers, flat bread and edamame were excellent. We also enjoyed the porcini mushroom pasta. However, what made our visit so special was Timothy Wiley's incredible knowledge, attentiveness, service and drink recommendations. He took us through the entire drink and restaurant menu without batting an eye, customized beer selections from the extensive menu, and even handcrafted a cocktail based on a theme after we finished our menu favorites.  Come to find out that cocktails, especially Martinis, are his passion, and based on what we tasted his gift is considerable! The commitment to 500 calorie or less menu items was also appreciated. All in all, we could not have been more impressed by the food, service nor Timothy, and cannot comment Harvest enough.Never again.
This was my third and last time at Harvest.  My two friends and I tried to pay for a portion of our very expensive dinner with a Restaurant.com coupon, and our server and the manager made some lame a$$ excuse about not accepting them anymore because Restaurant.com had sold coupons to customers without their knowledge.  Then at some point in his lame story, the manager admitted that they had a contract with Restaurant.com but that too many coupons were issued at a cost to the restaurant.  How is that our problem? 
The server and manager complained that we didn't show them our coupon, although we are 100% certain that our server saw the printed 8" x 11" coupon on our table.  I'm sure she chose to ignore what she saw so that we could run up our bill prior to being told we couldn't use our coupon.  After asking to speak to the manager, she treated us like sh++, although we were perfectly respectful and diplomatic the entire time.  Is this how Harvest treats their customers? 
The manager said that there was a sign posted to customers that they were not taking Restaurant.com coupons anymore, but when my friends and I checked, there was nothing posted!  What a crummy way to run business.  Oh, and we'll never be back again.  I guess they don't understand the value of a return customer because they have lost our business for good.Last night my friend and I were here and the bartender told us that the drink specials were $3.00. It was before midnight when we ordered and when we got our cards back, my check was $8.08 and my sisters was $17. The bartender who took our orders and gave us back our cards was ignoring us purposely. The other bartender named Max came up to us, listened to our problem, and ended up being able to fix it. Thanks Max!I absolutely love Harvest!  From its concept to execution, it's a great replacement to Marathon Grill on 40th and Walnut.
I have come here for lunch and dinner and have always had an excellent meal.  I love that all the meal options are low-calorie...you won't be able to get a side of fries here!  The food is very fresh and flavorful.  I recently dined with 3 people and everyone loved their dishes.  The flatbreads are always a hit.  The miniature desserts are inexpensive and a tasty treat at the end of the meal.
The servers are well trained on the menu and have always done a good job.  Very nice atmosphere (probably great for a first date)...I just wish more people knew about this place!One of my go-to places for a nice night out. 
The food is very good and the wait staff are friendly. The menu changes every season, but not major changes. But still pretty good, none the less. 
They can be a little pricy, so watch out. I really want to come in for happy hour!Came here for a dinner with friends and family on a warm summer evening.  There were seats on the patio, but we sat inside, which was calm and comfortable.  Our waiter was attentive and friendly, and we all enjoyed the flat-bread and cheese plate appetizers. Steaks were cooked to the right temperature, and for our party of four, the small desserts were a hit for 3/4. 
I would definitely return here, especially with guests that prefer quality but comfortable fare over the international cuisine adventure of other West Philly restaurants.Service has always been consistently good. I have never had any staff that were rude or inattentive. Thursdays are pretty great, they have $3 long island iced teas. The only food I've ever really gotten here is the street tacos, which are pretty meh. They're nowhere near authentic tacos, or try to be, and are served on flour tortillas which was not that good. 
The bottom floor is a lot more quiet and nice to have a conversation at the bar if you're not hammered. Upstairs area is often pretty loud and host to student events, so typically there's a lot of grad students and med students up there. They have live music playing outside during the Spring and Summer months, often a local artist playing some original work or top 40 on a guitar. At night they often have an artist or DJ playing music upstairs.We had a party of 8 for a birthday and for the middle of the week this location seemed rather dead and not busy even being next to the university. That being said we had a fabulous dinner! This is definitely a place proud of their ambiance. We all managed to try something different and no one was disappointed in their meal and the service was excellent. The choices on the menu was very plentiful and the prices for some items seemed a bit pricey but that probably comes from the "local" factor. the food was all fresh and the presentation was appealing. I would definitely eat here again if I were in the mood for it.  the Chocolate & salted caramel mouse cake was to absolutely die for.The restaurant itself is very pleasant and if you just want drinks, then you will probably enjoy the ambience.  But, the food was mediocre. The four of us dining all had something different  to eat and each of us had a similar evaluation.  It's a shame that the concept of local farm grown food isn't carried out in a more palatable way.*Happy Hour Review Only*
I came in with a group. I had draft beers. They ordered a few flat breads. You guys definitely need more than one bartender upstairs. I felt really bad for the kid and he said it was his first night. Working alone on his first night? Yeesh. I liked the beer. I'll be back but I got 2 beers in a hour and I felt like I was still rushing the poor guy.A lot like seasons 52, seasonal food that's pretty tasty but not very imaginative. It's a normal stock restaurant that is pretty chainy.My wife and I ate here for a late lunch/very early dinner, so it was rather empty.  The food however was good.  
We started by getting a flat bread, which was free when I checked in using Yelp.  I had the vegetable soup which was fresh made and delicious and the Bison burger with a side of mashed potatoes.  My wife had the vegetarian tacos, which she enjoyed.I like Harvest, and have eaten there several times. It's better quality food, service, and drinks than say, Landmark. The menu has a lot of options and while everything sounds like something I would love to stuff into my face, I always get the pizza. Every time. The regular pizza is very, very good, and I love all the different combos you can add (the first 2 proteins you want are free, but an extra one is like a dollar or something so that's a pretty good deal, right?) and I can demolish an entire pie and not feel fat and gross like if I eat a couple of slices from another joint. Fresh, plentiful ingredients and I am about that.
The flatbread, however, is sort of hit or miss. I tried a piece of the spicy sausage flatbread a couple months ago and it was fantastic. Seriously good, and I vowed to get an entire one for myself next time I came to visit. A few days ago my boyfriend and I came here during happy hour and the spicy sausage flatbread I received tasted like printer paper. There was a small sprinkling of cheese, a tasting portion of sausage, and literally three of the kalamata olives. There were so few toppings that all I tasted was thin, crackly flatbread crust. 
It was happy hour, so the pizza was only $5 and I get they would skimp on the toppings. It still filled me up for the price. I probably won't get it again and continue to gorge myself on the regular pizza piled with shrimp, chicken, bacon, and garlic.
They have good cocktails, though. Lots of pomegranate, cranberry, fruity stuff and decent sangria. All for that happy hour price and really, can you complain about getting two flatbreads, two drinks, and an appetizer (we got the hummus, it was good) all for $25? Harvest has been a great addition to ucity and offers a nice sit-down dinner alternative when you want to get away from the usual classy fast food places.These guys are super nice! My boyfriend at the time loved coming here. His favorite dish was the ratatouille grinder. Since this place changes their menu based on the season they stopped serving it for a few months. I decided to try to make it for him for Valentine's Day. I called them with my plans and asked for the recipe. I didn't expect them to get back to me but a few days later they sent me the recipe. I already liked going there because of their friendly wait staff, swanky environment with out the swanky price, and their healthy food, but the fact they were so willing to help me bumped their rating way past 5 stars. Too bad I moved but if I'm ever in the area, I'll drop by for old time's sake.To start off, service alone would be given 5 stars- very friendly, patient and offered great menu advice.
The outdoor seating with fire pits was a nice atmosphere for a fall evening.  We visited on a Thursday and there was live music outside which was a nice touch.
The menu covers a wide range and apparently reasonably caloric meals.  Some of the entree prices look a little high. 
Happy hour and late night specials look like the way to go!
The option for flights of wine is so perfect and the pours for each wine is generous so definitely worth the money.Harvest, with a few outposts throughout the Delaware Valley, is a restaurant noted for its seasonal menus and local, fresh foods.  It should be known for something else as well - a great happy hour...at least the happy hour in the Harvest in University City.  This restaurant is extremely attractive with one of the prettiest flower bedecked outdoor dining terraces in all of Philadelphia.  Inside is also very good-looking and spacious as well.  There are bars on both the first and second floors so you usually can find good seats.  And besides the diverse beers that are on offer, happy hour brings $5 flatbread specials.  These are large in size and topped with tasty ingredients.  For desert they had a delicious deconstructed strawberry shortcake served up in a glass that I can def recommend. All of this is really a bargain.  So try out the happy hour at Harvest in University City.  Hey, did I mention that the service is friendly as well?!Hovered between two and three stars for a while... it's pretty much a 2.5.
This should be an awesome restaurant. Great wine list, interesting menu that changes seasonally, great space. 
And yet... 
We've eaten here twice, and both times, we've left feeling unsatisfied. Our last meal here, I had the chicken soft tacos, and it was very bland. My wife had a build-your-own pizza, and while she enjoyed what got brought to the table, the chef got the order wrong by missing one of the toppings. And while our waitress was very nice when she came around, the service was inattentive at best. 
The appetizers were tasty, and I had a three wine flute tasting where every wine was fantastic, but again, this should be a home run restaurant - we'd love to go here any time we wanted to see a movie next door and instead, we left here thinking, "Right... that's why we don't come more often."Visiting from out of town . Love the "local and in season " philosophy! Everything was delish!Hit or miss. After two visits, still not sure. 
First visit with two friends wad wonderful! Service was friendly & at a good pace. In addition to drinks, we ordered hummus, two flat breads, and a cheese plate to share. I also had the Salmon BLT with a side mac & cheese. Everything was good. We all wanted to come back for a deeper dive into the menu. 
I too that deep dive 3 weeks later. We noshed on the calamari & the salmon flatbread while sipping a bottle of wine. The calamari is served as a cold dish. It was edible for sure but not what either of us expected.  We would not order it again.  The mac & cheese just should be better - also a future pass. Same with the Salmon BLT. It was simply not as put together or tasty as the first time. Even the salmon flatbread was just plain flat. 
All in all, I will go back and stick to the happy hour flatbread, cheese plate, and maybe try the tacos.  
Harvest is on a tightrope between fresh foods, inexpensive campus eats, 500 calories, AND a world where everyone's a foodie.  I will go back but nothing so far makes it my 'go to' yet. Solid 3++!This place was amazing. I went here with my fiancé, sister, brother-in-law and 1 year old niece on a Saturday night and we were able to get in and seated immediately. The staff was extremely accommodating about having a baby and were generally very helpful. The food was actually much less expensive than I expected - the only other nice-ish restaurant we could get into that night was Penne which is way more expensive (their pasta dishes were more than Harvest's steak) and not half as good. Between all of us we had the hangar steak (delicious), sausage flatbread (great - going to try a new one next time though!), beet salad and fall salad (both quite delicious), and baked goat cheese. I actually couldn't believe how good everything was and we all decided it was the perfect place to take people who are visiting you in West Philly/University City, because really, where else is there around the area to get some good, healthy, fresh food in a really nice atmosphere? Will definitely be back soon!Was here yesterday for dinner. My wife had a salad and the ravioli which she enjoyed but was nothing special. 
My salmon was undercooked. The staff apologized and did try to fix the issue. Only to then have the salmon come out dry. Wasn't worth the aggravation to send it back again. Passed on the desert. Didn't have much confidence in them at this point. Staff was really friendly. 
Place was comfortable. Food was just ok. Won't be back unless someone in my party really wants to come here.I just had the yummiest bison burger here. I never had bison before and I loved it. My son had a seasonal burger as well and keeps asking to come back. My only complaint was that he bun got soggy towards the end of the meal. Would definately come back to Harvest Grill.Average food & on the pricy side for what you get. The portions are small and not filling. Started with a flatbread which was overly salted, then a bland bison burger. Menu is limited, wouldn't recommend.Absolutely love this place, the ambience, food and the friendly staff. Their menu changes every season and they are calorie conscious with majority of their dishes being 500 calories or under. 
Love the dessert selection and price point of $3.00 for any one. Happy hour is ideal because the flatbread can be addictive and you can't eat just one.We had lunch here twice this week. Both times I had the burger... I know, sounds boring but wow, what a great burger. I had the un-fried fries the first visit, but don't think I'll do that again. They tasted decent, but they had a soggy boiled kind of texture. My wife and I shared the calamari app. Excellent!! She had the salmon salad the second visit and truthfully I forget what she had the first time but she must have liked it because we came back and we generally only go where she wants!I came here for University City Dining Days and it was great! Everything was very solid and presented well. I sat indoors for the air conditioning but the outdoor seating looked beautiful. I'm not sure what their normal prices are like, but for $25 per person, my three-course meal was very worthwhile during Dining Days.Not bad overall. Had a late lunch here post- UPenn tour.  Small but decent craft beer selection. I was probably (negatively) subconsciously influenced by the fact that there was only one other party in the entire restaurant during our visit, although that was probably only due to the tweener hour...We had our rehearsal dinner here. We had reserved a private room, but then they told us that they scheduled us for the wrong day, so we had to have our group in the main dining room--which was extremely loud (due to a live music performance) and not ideal. The service was extremely slow. It took probably half an hour, at least, for a server to take our orders (including drink orders). The food was good though.
Since the food was good and our group had been so big, we thought maybe our experience had been a fluke and went back the next week. The waitress informed us that there was some issue in the kitchen and our food took FOREVER to come. Even our appetizer/flatbread took like 30 minutes to arrive.
Not impressed with the management/service at this restaurant.crap service by crap people...too bad because the food was great.This is a great place for visitors because if you ask for recommendations they will give you the highest priced items on the menu. With that said, glad I did my research. Great wines and awesome atmosphere with the fireplace pits burning after hours. This place is for couples and acquaintance. Parking is not readily available so be in the walking mood. So overall, this is one of those places where it's a toss up and depends on whom I'm with and if this is the only location in the area. It just wasn't a great experience but the wine was good.Ok so here's my 2nd review... and I'm writing reviews so people like me (who enjoy good food, good atmosphere, good times, and a good bargain- on occasion) can find reliable reviews for the hot and not so hot places around Philadelphia.  All that said lets start the review...
Can I review the HAPPY HOUR 1st and then do another review for an average night out at Harvest for dinner service?  Ok that's all right you'll allow me to do that.  Your mothers did raise you smart and right I guess.
HAPPY HOUR- I like a good deal.  I'm not cheap.  There's a difference.  
1/2 price deals are a value and are pretty damn good but not great.
1/2 price mixed drinks are pretty damn tasty and thats all I have to say about that.  Keep the liquor flowing!
1/2 price beer selection is limited but even beer connoisseurs and beer brats should be able to SETTLE for a beer such as a Troegs that is on special.
What did I forget....? Service.  Go to the bar and order drinks and food yourself unless you're sitting down for dinner.  Hey I'm a casual guy and they did give me plates and napkins when they delivered the pizza pies so I was happy,
Atmosphere is nice and the music they play during Happy Hour is great as far as I'm concerned and I know I have good taste in hip hop- you'd say so yourself if you flipped through my tape collection- jk I'm not that old but I did collect cd's!
Ok I planned on doing the sit-down dinner part here but it almost makes more sense to write a completely separate  review for the same restaurant (only not Happy Hour) and here it goes...
5...4...3...2...1...(vegan review)
they have a few vegan options. the boring-sounding stir-fry was actually probably the best tofu stir-fry i've had anywhere, ever.
the cool thing is it's right next to the movie theater, so you can bang it out: dinner and a movie, right there. makes for a great date combo one-two punch. it's also only a couple blocks from the el stop, as well as a bunch of different busses and stuff.
worth checking out, especially if you're going to see a movie or going for a stroll on locust walk after.Like many others, we wandered into Harvest post-movie to grab a drink and a snack.  We were happy to find that they offer a Late Night Happy Hour with $3 beers, $5 wines, and $5 Sangria as well as $5 Flatbreads.  I opted for the White Strawberry Rhubarb Sangria and the Rock Shrimp Flatbread.  The Sangria wasn't anything special and it was loaded with ice making the "$5" less of a deal.  The Flatbread was very interesting as it was topped with Ricotta, Rock Shrimp, Pineapple, and Jalepeno.  I liked the flavors but wish they would have cut the jalapenos a bit smaller and increased the amount of Ricotta and Shrimp to give it a bit more flavor.
The decor of this place is absolutely 5 stars but it's the service that brings this place down. The bartenders were not very friendly and at one point one of them even called my boyfriend "boss".  I was hoping that the service we received would be consistent with their yummy looking menu and great atmosphere but it was not.  I doubt we'll return mainly due to the rude service we received. It would be nice to see them hire some staff that are passionate about the concept behind Harvest and more in line with the inviting decor.This place was decent. Not over the top amazing, and not bad either. It was just good. And because it's across the street from my boyfriend's apartment, I'm probably going to go back. I enjoyed my cherry-ginger mojito, though it was a little too sweet. My spicy tofu stir fry, while very light and pretty looking, was kind of...too spicy and sweet. 
I really dig the atmosphere, though. And our waiter was pretty great. He was super attentive and sweet. I liked him a lot. Everything here is under 500 calories unless otherwise specified. The menu also focuses on healthy, seasonal and locally procured foods. I love that.Came here shortly after they opened to the public and we had a great table with a great view. The service was good, and specifically, our waiter was very friendly and knew the menu well. The mussel and flatbread appetizers were good - only complaint was that the mussels didn't come out with bread to sop up the soup - but the entrees were a little lacking. We went with the cedar roasted salmon and the pan seared grouper. The cedar flavor was not throughout the salmon and in general, the flavors of the fish were on the muted side. 
And then came dessert. It was really quite underwhelming. We asked about the desert options and what was brought out was a tray of little small cups filled with a variety of different things. Really looked like a good idea, but who knows how long they were sitting out and just waiting for somebody to choose one. The desserts were the weakest part of the entire meal - we almost wish we had just had more appetizers, because really, that was the best part of the meal.
Maybe next time, we'll just do apps and drinks.The food here is absolutely great and fresh every time and we have been here several times with our kids.  My wife enjoyed the wine list and I had some very good fresh cocktails - no Franklin-esque performance cocktails, but they were solid.  They love the sliders and kid friendly food while we can have some real upscale fresh food.  They always have some interesting twists on classics on the menu.  The beet salad is great - I just wish there was more of it.  AS mentioned by others, the main plates are smaller portioned to be 500 calories, so I found myself picking at the kids leftovers.  But they are upfront about it on the menu so there was no surprise.As out of towners, Harvest was recommended to us by a nurse at CHOP and we couldn't have been happier with our dining experience - feeling of an upscale casual atmosphere.  
I'm a sucker for any restaurant that supports local farmers so when we learned that their menu was seasonal to reflect that, they already had brownie points in my book. 
Our waiter Bryan was phenomenal... personable, extremely knowledgable about the menu, great recommendations, and attentive (without the smothering waiter feel). 
The Pear and Bleu flatbread (Bryan's recommendation) was unbelievable and we also enjoyed a new twist on edamame with the 3 way appetizer. The 4 of us all ordered different entrees and sides but our plates were all empty at the end of our meal!
The only complaint we have is that they don't have a location in New York! 5 stars :)Harvest is a great go-to spot for anyone who wants a healthy meal and a nice atmosphere. I highly recommend their veggie burrito and veggie tacos. Their menu changes every couple of months but there are some dishes that stay year-long. The pear and blue flatbread is delicious as well for an appetizer. Watch out for their specials on select days for their appetizers.The FOOD was JUST OK, most of the items are under 500 calories because the portion sizes are very small, even though the entrees are under $30, is way to expensive for the amount of food that you get . The place looks nice and the whole concept is a knock off from Seasons 52 (I prefer Seasons 52 by far)The Happy Hour deals (5-7pm) are so great! $5 appetizers and half off tacos! My friends and I got like every kind of taco, and I was able to try the braised beef and the vietnamese chicken tacos. The slow braised beef short rib taco could have used a little more seasoning, but the vietnamese chicken taco was great! Also, they have $3 mousse for dessert!!! (Unexpectedly, the waiter actually brought us all of the mousse on a platter when we asked for a dessert menu, haha.) So yummy; I would recommend the peanut butter mousse, though key lime is also good. Overall, a great place for drinks and fun with friends!I recently went to new Harvest Grill and Wine Bar for dinner. I was generally excited to hear that this restaurant provides all local, farm fresh foods. Also intriguing were the under 500 calorie menu items. I made a reservation after calling and asking the woman on the phone if she thought Saturday night would be busy. She was very helpful and suggested that I make it because she was filling up fast. I must say, from the second I walked in until the moment I walked out, every staff person I encountered was more than courteous. Everyone greeted me with a smile and "hello," while just walking to the table or bathroom. I must say, in my book, this goes a LONG way! We sat in a booth directly next to the kitchen (which doesn't necessarily bother me however my friend doesn't particularly like it due to smells from the kitchen while trying to enjoy a meal...understandable). I enjoy the open concept, dark wood, and relaxed feeling you get with the lighting. I ordered a red wine and water immediately after sitting down, meanwhile my friend came 15 minutes later from parking the car and my drinks had not come yet. I did flag down the waiter and point out that A. my wine was not present , and B. there was a new order to be taken now. He apologized and went to retrieve the drinks. 
After looking over the menu, the waiter RAVED about the pear and bleu flat bread, which we decided to order for an app. It was SO GOOD. We ate every last bite. For dinner I ordered the Harvest Moon Chicken and my friend ordered the Bison Burger. My portion was petite but just enough after eat all of that flat bread! The chicken was moist (I hate dry chicken and hardly order it out for this fact), the vegetables and potatoes were very tender.  I especially liked the incorporation of the apples on the plate which gave sweetness to the tang and acidity of the cider glaze on the chicken. Apparently the Bison Burger was "awesome." It was served with barbecue sauce and some form of crunchy chip on top which was a hit for my friend. 
We ended the dinner with their amazing mini desserts, we both ordered the chocolate salted caramel moose cake (which was way more moose than cake) and absolutely amazing! During our meal, one of the managers came to our table, David, who was extremely nice and welcoming. I noticed him going to other tables and having conversations with other patrons  and in the kitchen helping out, which is always good to see!!! All in all this was a successful evening and I will definitely be going back soon to try out the wine bar upstairs.
The only suggestion I have is that because the  ceilings are high, and the open concept allows for kitchen noises to be very loud, some background music might be nice?...not sure if  it would only create more noise....5 stars!
Made reservations here for Valentine's Day.. Since it was the only thing really available the day of. But what a wonderful surprise! Pre-fixed menu with wine OR beer pairings was amazing! Recommend the oysters Rockefeller, seafood dish with salted halibut scallops and shrimp with dessert! 
Great service too! 
Highly recommend!I didn't think it could get any worse!
Here's an update on the experience I describe before -
After emailing the General Manager as I was advised, I was looking forward to having this matter resolved. After all, I was embarrassed to have insisted on bringing my colleagues here for happy hour, and looked forward to letting them know that it had been made right.
Instead, I get radio silence from the GM for more than a week now after emailing him about my bad experience. I even emailed him a few days ago again in case he missed the first attempt, and got nothing. Looking at some other reviews (see Hali R.), I see I'm not the first to be ignored after being told on Yelp to email the GM after reporting a bad experience! What the heck!!This was my second time to Harvest for dinner. The first time I came here I paid $14 for approximately 5 noodles. Knowing that, I came back wiser and had a game plan.
Harvest prides itself on having "farm-to-table" seasonal meals that try to be under 500 calories each. So, 500 calories in noodles or rice is nothing. I would highly recommend avoiding any dish that is pasta/rice oriented at Harvest or else you will leave hangry and never want to come back. 
What I do HIGHLY recommend is coming to Harvest for happy hour (5-7 during the week) and grabbing a flatbread and an app. When I came to Harvest, I was able to score 2 flatbreads, a trio of hummus app, and 2 beers for around $22. HH special is $5 flatbreads and $3 drafts with a few other specials. I wanted the highest ABV for my $ and lucked out with Golden Monkey being a special draft for the day.
The flatbreads are very flat - almost like a cracker but have the most amazing toppings. I ordered the blue cheese and pear flatbread which was very sweet but also satisfying. My boyfriend offered the sausage one which he said was very filling. The hummus we ordered came with enough pita, carrots, and cucumber to be able to get ample tastings of all three hummus options. My favorite was the black bean hummus - wish I could have taken it home.
On a side note about the service, it was pretty slow and they made a few mistakes within the group I was with - about 10 of us. But we were upstairs in one of the private rooms. Someone in my party ordered steak that she claimed tasted like salmon - which is bizarre. My food was fine but I figured I would share the experience. Also, when they brought out the checks they originally didn't give us the happy hour specials which literally doubled the price of my meal. They fixed it once we said something though.  
Overall, Harvest is a solid choice for happy hour but anything after that you are going to be spending a pretty penny.My fiancee and I had to wait 15 minutes just to get some water... The restaurant wasn't even packed when we came in. We did come in 20 minutes before the happy hour came to an end though, so maybe they were hoping to charge us more by making us wait? After the meal was over, they charged us full prices for the drinks despite the fact that we ordered everything before 7... We had to wait over 30 mins before I just got sick of waiting and went up to the hostess to demand our waitress to come back. 
TL;DR - 15 mins to get water. 30 mins waiting to pay. Messed up our checks (probably on purpose). 
Yeah. Fuck this place.I've been waiting more than 30 minutes for a drink! Plus, the waitress made it obvious that she is not interested at serving at all.I have been here twice and both times thought the food was great. Staff was friendly and atmosphere was swanky compared to other places in University City. It is so convienient to the movie theater. I had the beer can chicken tacos and they were delicious. The cocktail menu has some great variety. The  only reason I gave this 4 stars is service was little slow especially when trying to make your movie next door but our waitress/waiters have been extremely friendly. Also I found beer list very limited and seem put off that a few items were out and it was only 7 pm on a Friday! But guess that is due to them always using fresh stuff, you could run out. Overall I liked the place a day will go back.Saw this place several times while walking around Penn Campus. It looks super inviting with a glass facade and large outdoor seating area.  So at  about 1PM on a Saturday  I walk by  and was drawn in by the sign that advertised mimosas and other drink specials.  Unfortunately I could not try the food or the drinks...
Walked in to see a crowd of people at the door and am empty host stand/desk.  No problem figured they were doing something. But then 5, 10 and then 15 minutes passed and several employees came to the stand rustled some menus made eye contact with me and didn't say anything. Companion went outside as she saw a waiter but they just walked by her without saying anything.
Finally after 20 minutes of being ignored I was ready to leave, companion really in the mood for mimosas so i say screw it lets just go sit at the bar... Now there are people sitting there waiting but no bartender, just someone that comes and goes from behind the bar and says just a moment.  another 20 minutes pass and still no one has taken an order or really even acknowledged us.  
Keep in mind a few people were there  eating so its not like they were closed, and there were a few people working there but they paid attention to no one. 
Last attempt to get some ones attention fails as i am told just a second for the 3rd time and i had been there like 40 minutes.  The entire time I did not see the waitstaff actually do anything, no food or drinks were served to anyone
Walk out and see that the special was actually for the next day, but the date was written in tiny letters.
The only explanation i could give was that the managers were not there because probably 15-20 people walked in waited and then left when no one approached them.  I don't like having my time wasted and as a result I will almost definitely not give this place another chance.I almost feel bad about going with three stars, so I'd like to point out that I mean 3* in the purest sense of the Yelp qualitative equivalence: A-OK. Harvest is an A-OK place to go. I actually conceptualize it as not a place that I go for lunch/dinner on any regular basis, but the place I take my parents when they come to visit campus, since it's an upscale atmosphere and the food is healthy and good. I think that, if you come here, you will like it. 
The wine list is very impressive, and they offer various and sundry flight options and pour sizes. The concept for the food is good: local, sustainable, most dishes less than 500 calories. I'm a big fan of the pear-gorgonzola flatbread the Kennett Square mushroom flatbread. They are both very tasty and work well as appetizers. I also got the tofu stir fry the last time I was here, which sounds totally boring but was actually delicious. 
The space is nicely decorated and has an upscale sort of feel to it. I would feel more comfortable here with a blazer than I would in a t-shirt (which is not a problem for me, as I like to wear blazers over t-shirts. best of both worlds, indeed). The service is usually very polite, if a little formal for my taste. 
So Harvest is a good choice if you're in the area, but not sure it beats out some of the other great places that surround it.Came here for drinks and a bite to eat on a Friday night. I was surprised there weren't more people in here but the winter has a funny way of keeping people inside their houses.
The food was the kind where it's smaller plated than you might find elsewhere but artful and delicious. Frankly, I'm supportive of this since Americans could stand to learn a thing or two about portion control. Go for a flat bread and a salad and an entree to share with someone and you'll walk away happy.
The drinks were pretty solid as well. My advice is to talk to the bartender about making something not on the menu. The bartender I chatted with lit up when I asked him to make me something with gin. He ended up making an interesting drink with a clove of garlic in it. It ruled though I definitely wasn't going to make out with anyone after that.The health nut and local food loving types might vibe with this place a lot. For me, it was maybe okay. I was not disappointed, but not overly pleased. I felt it was a little over priced for what you get. And, I am not the health nut type. Give me a McDonald's burger and fries over this spot any time.
I'm not saying I don't like expensive food, because I love it when it's good. But I am more the gluten type, than I am the healthy and organic type. But I also can like healthy food if done really well. Truth be told, it has to be much better than okay for me.The hotel recommend this place and the need to stop. It was ok at best, closest place from the hotel. Totally not impressed with the food . They call feta cheese over lettuce  a Greek salad and served pita bread with bruschetta. Very over priced. 3 stars for the cocktails cucumber basil martini very goodOh YUM!
I thoroughly enjoyed my lunch here on a Sunday afternoon. I had the salmon fennel cranberry salad which was SO SO tasty- light and fresh and YUMMY! My friend had the spicy tofu stir fry which did taste somewhat like your typical stir fry but SO much more exciting and colorful! 
Our waiter was extremely polite, as if we were at a fine dining experience!
I expect it could get a bit pricey with the addition of alcohol, but on occasion, isn't a light splurge worth it? :)This place is convenient for students and have pretty good happy hours throughout the week. $3 long islands and pints on Thursday's! It does get a little too loud for my liking during nights out, but it is a college bar after all. Great place to grab some cheap drinks with friends!Harvest Seasonal Grill & Wine Bar
200 S 40th St, Philadelphia, PA 19104 (215) 662-1100
http://harvestseasonalgrill.com/menu/appetizers/
Well, certainly an appropriate name for a  restaurant dedicated to bringing local farm fresh products to the table. The emphasis at this restaurant is twofold: 1) make most (if not all) the dishes under 500 calories, and 2) bring the green concept to a whole new level.  The bar glass table tops are recycled glass, the ink on the menus is green, they emphasize that they use green cleaning products as well as recycled paper products, per their website.
I started the meal off with the Butternut Squash Soup Toasted Pumpkin Seeds, Local Organic Honey.  Great start to the meal.  I love a good butternut squash soup. Was a perfect start to the meal. Rich and creamy and had a lovely sweetness to it with hints of pumpkin.
I followed this up with a house salad that had a nice mixture of fruit, but there was not enough dressing on this huge plate of greens.  After half the salad, I felt like I was just eating tasteless leafy greens.  While great for my digestive tract to add bulk fiber to my diet, it had little taste in my mouth and as such, was not the best of choices for a salad dish. The house dressing was not particularly impressive either and tasted like any old house dressing, nothing unique here.
Pork Ribeye Shaved Fennel & Apples, Quinoa Couscous Risotto, Cherry Demi Glace. Not bad.  Certainly a redeeming dish of the meal next to the Butternut Squash soup.  It was almost as if the butternut squash soup started so high that the following courses had nowhere to go. Need to build to a main course like this--not cascade down a hill like what happened tonight.
Harvest Moon Chicken Cider Rosemary Glazed, Grilled Apples, Brussel Sprouts, Fingerling Potatoes. This was not so good.  Chicken seemed dry but an acceptable dish none the less.  I wouldn't recommend it, but I wouldn't push it away in disgust either.  It's another one of those dishes that you just eat it because it's in front of you.
Of Note:
Outdoor dining area featuring beautiful floral displays and fire pits.My friends and I went here for early dinner and it was perfect timing for Happy Hour so $5 appetizers and half off tacos! We tried the Harvest flatbread (free thanks to Yelp!), Asian BBQ Chicken Skewers, Slow Braised Beef Short Ribs Tacos, Vietnamese Chicken Tacos, and the Peanut Butter Chocolate Cup. 
The Harvest flatbread was a little flat, both in appearance and taste. It was thin and crispy, but a little bland. The Asian BBQ Chicken Skewers were very saucy, but kinda cold. The dipping sauce for the skewers strangely tasted like ketchup. The Slow Braised Beef Short Rib Tacos needed some salt and pepper. It was severely under-seasoned. On the other hand, the Vietnamese Chicken Tacos were pretty good! I enjoyed the light, sweet taste. 
I asked for the dessert menu and the server came with a bunch of the desserts on a platter! He introduced each dessert and we were able to choose what we wanted. The Peanut Butter Chocolate Cup was creamy and the peanut butter was not overwhelming.The worse ever. Adam the general manger makes excuses for hit pitiful bartenders.  I will never go to this place again and I will make sure that my business will never have an event here again.  The realization is that there are so many good restaurants in Philly and this is a let down due to the poor customer service and bad staff. The only good thing about this place is the flatbread. Bye Adam and bad attitude bartender.When you search "Harvest" on Yelp, the "free flatbread" offer pops up. This might entice you, but I implore you to ignore the part of you that wants free food, for you will not find this dining experience to be a liberating one. My friends and I went to Harvest this past Saturday night in the hopes of having a delicious late night dinner/snack. Once seated, we waited at least 8 minutes before a waitress came to our table. We were quite parched and eager for water, and we also were very hungry! When she finally arrived, we placed our orders for water and three pizzas. When the pizzas arrived (after quite a long wait) they tasted like glorified cardboard. I'm not exaggerating, there was NO flavor. But we were famished so we ate it (which I regret). I even asked for red pepper flakes and after covering my slice in spice, it was still barely edible. I have a pretty low threshold when it comes to pizza satisfaction, and this is the first time it was not met. The combo of poor service and poor food made this evening both forgettable and memorable. Harvest has very good drink specials (such as $3 long islands) so I gave them two stars for that. If you want a cheap drink, by all means go! But don't expect any fresh harvested (pun intended) ingredients or flavors- you won't find them here.Pros:
Amazing happy hour. $4 house wines aren't too bad, and $3 Skyy cocktails provide good drunk-to-dollars ratio (try it with pineapple juice). Half price fish or veggie tacos are delicious, and they come with eggplant and guac! The $5 flatbreads are fantastic too (personal favourite is bleu cheese). Have never tried anything else on the menu. Low-calorie options are labeled, which is convenient. 
(and there's one Asian server dude with a great attitude who kicks ass!)
Cons:
The brioche French toast that I got for brunch today was quite disappointing and absolutely not worth $12 plus tax and tip, in either quantity or quality. Two pieces of dry bread, sliced on the diagonal, barely dipped in egg or butter - tasted rather like normal toast, dusted in a bit of icing sugar. Came with maple syrup as described, but the "fruit compote" listed on the menu was just a sad little bowl of strawberry slices and grapes.
I've made better French toast at home, and would rather go to IHOP or Greek Lady for better toast at half the price.
Would have given four stars if not for this experience.
Moral of the story: skip brunch (or at least the toast), and come for happy hour!Harvest has the same theme as seasons 52. That being they offer a healthier menu and a some what upscale atmosphere but with pretty reasonable prices. As with seasons 52 the Harvest food taste fresh and full of flavor. I had the lemon grilled chicken with carrots asparagus and potatoes. It was awesome. I finished my meal feeling fulfilled not stuffed like I do at other restaurants which allowed me to have desert. Their deserts come in small serving too keep calories low. I recommend this place to anyone who is on a diet but still wants to go out to with friends. You can have nice meal with desert and not feel like you wasted a weeks worth of workouts.