Sandwich and fried pickles were really tasty. However, there was no AC inside which was miserable. I'd definitely get the food again, but only as takeout.Hands down the best chicken sandwich I've ever had! The honey chicken sandwich was amazing and the fries were delicious. Just happened to be waking by and found this place!!! So good and cheap. Even better than Chick FilA!! Everyone was super friendly and greeted me with welcome and smile! Their tart berry tea was also amazing!!! HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!My first visit since the switch from jakes. I tried the 50/50 breakfast sandwich did not disappoint it was delicious also tried the potato pancakes very good. Will definitely be backSo I went ahead and gave this place a shot for breakfast. Ordered a bang bang on a roll and an iced coffee. The bang bang was quite disappointing, because it had already fallen apart before i unwrapped it. The egg was over cooked and extremely greasy, i had to eat it separate because it had all fallen out of the sandwich. But of all things the $3 iced cold brew was brown water. Probably watered down to increase volume or just brewed very poorly, took a few sips and threw it out. Lastly, the service was poor. The cashier was not attentive as he was having a conversation with another employee while placing my order.Very small menu option. My friends and I ordered the chicken sandwiches, coop and bbq. For sides we ordered house cut curly fries, popcorn chicken, and fried pickles. Sandwiches were kinda small for 6$. Most of the ingredients in it fell out. It was good though, especially if you like fried food. House cut curly fries is thinly cut and small, so it was annoying to eat. The sauce they had for the fries was good. The popcorn chicken is nothing exciting. Fried pickles was OK, but my friends like them. The pickles and batter fell apart, so it's better to eat them whole.Great Idea, Poor Execution.
Initial Impression:
I was initially thrown back when I had placed my order online during an hour that the store would be slow - only to show up on time and they had not noticed an online order had been placed - so they have to rush to throw the order together.
Fries:
I know that takeout / delivery fries always tend to end up on the soggy side - so I made sure to try some right when I got the bag.  They were already soggy, room-temperature, and looked nothing like the picture of the fries on the online ordering website.
Popcorn Chicken:
There were 2 legit pieces of popcorn chicken in the bag, along with several pieces of 95% burnt breading.  The big pieces of popcorn chicken were pretty damn delicious, though.
Crunchy H&C Salad:
Biggest disappointment.  There was only chicken, romaine, and tomatoes in my salad.  What happened to the parmesan, sliced egg, and croutons?
I would stay away until they fix their issues.
Just my honest opinion.Although owned by the same partners as Jake's Sandwich Board, this place pales in comparison. I was the first to review Jake's Sandwich Board at this location when it opened many years ago and regularly visited. When I saw the Instagram pictures pop up I knew I wanted to try them out. My GF and I went on Sunday afternoon and it was empty. We got the Honey Chicken and fries. The staff were very friendly and the sandwich was cooked to order in about 2 min. Fries were great tasting but were ice cold. My first bite was super disappointing, all I tasted was bitter burnt bread. Looked down and saw what you see in the attached pic. I don't expect this place to last as long as Jake's. I understand it was a profitability decision to switch, but the quality and creativity of Jake's didn't make it into Hatch & Coop.Been to this place twice already. The first time I got their Honey chicken sandwich, the second time I got the BBQ chicken sandwich with the Holy Habanero option. Each time I got a side of their potato pancakes. Both times,  they blew it out of the water. The Honey sandwich is the perfect balance of sweet and savory, the fact that they brine their meat in pickle juice, definitely takes it over. As for the BBQ and Habanero,  so good, the sweet and spicy strongly compliment each other,  but the spice is nothing to discount. The staff is super friendly and make sure that your food was tasty,  they also tell me that just about everything is housemade, sans the King Hawaiian Buns. However their housemade dipping sauce that comes with the potato pancakes is also pretty great as well.  Highly recommend this place.Left smelling like the bottom of a deep fryer. Recommend changing your oil...sandwich was burntTheir coop sandwich is petite but packs a ton of flavor. 
I opted for spicy which had a nice burn but wasn't overbearing. 
The fresh cut fries were sad, limp and still very oily but the pimento "house" dipping sauce that came with them was so good. It made the southern half of my soul happy.I don't understand the negative reviews, this place is DELISH!!! My family and I were exhausted after a day out and didn't want to pay the outrageous hotel prices for mediocre food. So we ordered from Hatch & Coop through grubhub. Our food came so much faster than they said, it was hot, and most importantly delicious! Everything was as ordered and best of all...our kids devoured it!! Can't wait to eat here again!Omg omg omg! This place is so good. Their original chicken sandwich is delicious. I'm excited to try everything on the menu. I got the potato pancakes (yum) and the regular chicken sandwich. I see a lot of people who complained about the price, but honestly it's the same size as a Chik-fil-a sandwich and WAY better. I think it's worth the price. My chicken was juicy, the slaw tasted fresh, and the Hawaiian bun perfectly complimented the chicken.Honestly 5 star for food. Soft eggs and chicken are amazing. 
But last time I went the dude was like eating out of my bowl with his fingers before packing it up and giving it to me. Made me uneasy.I went here to pick up a quick breakfast before work. I was the only customer there at the time and was confused on how to order since no one greeted me. Turns out if you are playing by credit card you can order through their monitors. Ordering was simple and perhaps the best part of my visit. I ordered the bang bang egg sandwich without bacon and a side of potato pancakes. I am a big fan of egg sandwiches and this one was one of the worst I've ever had. The eggs pretty much fell out of the bun and were too soft with no type of flavor. The whole sandwich was unappealing and I couldn't finish it. The potato pancakes didn't come with a dipping sauce as indicated on the menu and were too oily. Will not be going back again.Pretty hecking good food! Nice  and friendly atmosphere too. It wasn't crowded at all but the food is great, I highly recommend if you like chicken!It's good. The store has an interesting premise. You can basically get egg and chicken dishes. Really fast. They managed to get my order out on a busy weekday before I had the chance to wash my hands in their bathroom. I got their honey chicken sandwich, which I had mixed feelings about. The sandwich itself was great, but the chicken felt a little burnt, and dry. I think it's a great place to get fast food, but it was a little lacking for a place that specializes in chicken.Ordered delivery got the veggie sandwich and fries...wow! So impressed by the fries that were delivered crispy not soggy! And that sandwich was great! I will def be ordering more!Love this place. If you're not sure what to order... go with the coop sandwich. Always fast and amazing fresh foodThis spot is one of my all-time favorites. I get the chicken and waffle sandwich, my roommate gets the Coop chicken sandwich, we split some tots/fries/pickles and extra Hatch & Coop Sauce!! The breakfast bowl is pretty good also. Plus everything is inexpensive and comes quickly! Definitely one of my go-to's.This place had great taste! The food had great presentation. The food was made in good time. I got the chicken sandwich with a honey glaze, with a fried egg on top. They are getting a 3 star rating because the chicken had a big piece of fat in the middle and I had to throw away most of the chicken.We ordered a feast from here for a work lunch and it didn't disappoint.  Coop was great, house sauce is incredible.  Potato pancakes were great.  Honey sandwich was ok and the fries didn't travel well.  Go Coop + potato pancakes and you'll be on a one way trip to Cloud 9I was strollin' around downtown Philadelphia looking for some breakfast, my first time here..and stumbled on this absolute gem. 
May well be the best scrambled eggs I ever had, seriously. A diverse selection of several variations including veggie.
I can only recommend a visit here if you like a well made egg scramble.Ordered off Uber eats one night after indulging in some medicine and WOW. It slapped so hard honestly had no business being so delicious. Truly a special event. Had the 50/50 as I felt it was a staple. It did not disappoint at all, followed it up with the chicken and waffles sandwich. And again WOW. Get extra butter, trust me you want it. Don't need it but you'll wanna bathe in this stuff I'm telling you. Then as a side I got the fries and onions strings and even tho it was delivered via Uber, it was still hot and crispy!!! No soggy root veggies here. Sauce for dipping is bangin. 15/10 would recommend to a friend. Or foe. Honestly everyone should eat hereThis is one of my new favorite places! I have ordered on Caviar twice and everything was perfect. I love how they keep all the sauces/ toppings separate so the sandwich doesn't get soggy. The honey chicken sandwich is delicious and the popcorn chicken was good too.Had a coop chicken sandwich and fries  and it was soooo good. The fries were perfect, not sure if they're worth 4.50 but the dipping sauce is great. Best spicy chicken sandwich ever!Ordered sandwiches from this joint tonight on GrubHub. Boyfriend ordered the BBQ chicken sandwich with cheese, I ordered the Chicken and Waffles sandwich, and we split the fries and fried pickles.
Everything held up really well for being delivery. Boyfriend loved his sandwich. I tried a bite and I thought the mixture of flavors and textures was on point. Bacon would have been too much, but then again I don't usually get bacon on my fried chicken because I don't want it to overshadow the fried chickeny goodness. 
My chicken and waffle sandwich was perfect. The chicken was crispy on the outside and that pickle brine really shined against the sweet waffles. I am not a spicy kind of gal so I had them include the regular honey instead of the honey butter hot sauce that the sandwich typically comes with. With regular honey it was perfect for me. I think the fried egg option would be good on this one, but again bacon would probably be too much.
The fries had a nice crunch and flavor. The fried pickles maybe needed a little less breading or a little more time in the fryer to get crispier and that's the sole reason for not getting 5 stars. I think I want to try the little potato jawns some day.
BUT THAT DIPPING SAUCE. I want to bathe in that sauce and put it on ALL the things. It was the perfect blend of sweetness and savoryness with a tiny bit of kick at the end. 
I have been trying a bunch of fried chicken joints in the city to find my favorite all time Philly fried chicken, and this is probably my favorite chicken sandwich so far. Stay alive, Hatch & Coop!I had the BCR sandwich for lunch today. I was able to walk right in, order via the kiosk and waited less than 10 minutes for my food. The staff were very nice & the place looked clean. And now to the sandwich...even though there were greens on my sandwich when I had removed them from my order, it was still REALLY good. The bacon was just right - not too chewy but not so crispy that it cut the roof of my mouth. The chicken was tender and nicely done, very flavorful. The ranch dressing is sooooo yummy!! I would definitely get this again.Stopped in for a quick chicken sandwich and while it tasted good, after eating that and a side of potato pancakes for $12, I was still hungry and it usually doesn't take a lot to fill me up. The inside atmosphere was cold and not very comfortable, and you couldn't hear much else besides the employees behind the counter. Wishbone down the street is probably a better option, I doubt I'd come back.Best chicken sandwich ever. Popeye's who?! The honey chicken sandwich with a fried egg is my go to and it never fails. The chicken is always hot and crispy, the caramelized honey is a delicious touch and the fried egg seals the deal. They have a bunch of different variations but I have yet to try anything else bc the honey chicken is THAT good. Do yourself a favor and try it outtried hatch and coop for lunch yesterday and had a great meal!
the chicken was perfectly fried with this awesome pickle brine that i loved! the waffle could have been a bit crispier but it was still delicious. i wish there was something else in the sandwich, maybe some slaw or pickles but the syrup was delicious.
this time my fries were cooked perfectly!! and the sauce that came with it was so delicious, i need a bottle of that at my house.Kind of basic. I ordered the fries with the the spicy coop chicken sandwich. The slaw was nice. The chicken sandwich was okay though the bun looked like it was crushed/compressed. The fries weren't seasoned in a great way, I feel like there was just too much seasoning and I'd get a mouthful of it with every fry. I'd probably go again but no french fries. The accompanying sauce that was served with the meal was nice.Burned my tongue biting into the chicken sandwich. I think the chicken needs to rest on a rack for a few minutes to avoid that. Flavors were good. Didn't have the thick, crispy breading I was looking for. Slightly greasy probably because it wasn't put on a cooling rack. It's an ok chicken sandwich.Great chicken sandwiches with all the stuff I like on it! And for a great affordable price it's hard to beat for lunch. I got a chicken BBQ sandwich with bacon on top. It had cole slaw and pickles inside too, and overall my order was enough to make me full. I went there with two other people and the food was ready in a decent amount of time. It was a little noisy in there so it was sometimes hard to have conversation, but it was a nice kind of busy. Not packed, but not empty. I enjoyed the casual atmosphere, and the people were nice.This place was delicious! We almost didn't go in because it was empty but we decided to grab a quick bite and did not regret it. We got the original chicken sandwich, spicy, with bacon and it was great.Delish and fast! Get the BCR. The chicken is fried to order and dressing not too heavy. Great spot for a quick lunch or brunch.this place is SO good! the chicken was fresh and crispy, the homemade sauce was the perfect addition to the sandwich. I am super picky about fried pickles, but they were amazing too. can't wait to go back and try the breakfast options. clean & cute on the inside, promptly got my order, the staff was friendly too. great experience, great food, great price. will definitely be back !Stumbled on this place looking for Jake's Sandwich board. Tried the chicken sandwich. It was pretty good, id try it again if it wasnt for the dead cockroaches under our tableWe ordered take out: two sandwiches and fries. The sandwiches were small and came with no sides for the price. The sandwiches are tasty, but certainly not work the price. You'll save the money by going to ChikfilA.Ok listen. Full disclosure- I loved this chicken so much that I didn't brush my teeth the night I ate it for dinner, because I didn't want to replace the fabulous lingering flavor in my mouth with toothpaste. I'll take the cavity. 
There a few things I love more in the world than a good fried, white meat, chicken sandwich on a soft roll. Honey YES this it so good. 
I got the honey glazed for me and vegetable sandwich from my vegan daughter
This veggie sandwich is delicious even though I have no idea why any sane human would pick veggies over fried chicken -to each his own. 
I can't wait to try every item. Batter was light and perfect. Chicken was tender inside but crispy outside and perfectly done. Glaze was delicious. Soft Hawaiian role. Just a big fat hell yes.Stopped in for a quick to go dinner. As others have mentioned, the chicken sandwiches were small for the price. It was good (I got the BBQ) but I was still hungry after. I got the fries as well. Since they are cut so thin they aren't filling at all and kind of underwhelming and also over priced at $3. In the end I had. $10 meal and felt like I could have gone to chipotle and gotten a filling meal with a drink at that price. I'll probably try again for breakfast, maybe it's more a breakfast joint.
*the old place Jakes had this problem also, but it's way hot inside. Standing under a ceiling fan helps but I was the only one in there and it was an oven I can only imagine how hot it must be with 10+ human bodies in the space.Walked by many a time wanting to get a chicken sandwich and it finally happened .  Got the basic chicken sandwich and it was a 10.  Love slaw on my sandwich and their sauce was delish..,I got out of work later than expected and saw a text that the power was out in our neighborhood so I ordered (2)of the Coop chicken sandwiches, fries, and fried pickles via Yelp. The place was totally empty when I walked in so I was in & out very quickly and the guy working was super nice which is the only reason I gave 2 stars. 
The only thing that was even remotely good was the fried pickles which was a decent size order. The fries were ok but the order size was super small. The chicken was more breading than actual chicken and the breading was hard and burnt. With the number of quality food choices in the area I don't think we'll be back, even for the pickles. 
Side note: Yelp emailed my order confirmation, gave an estimated pick up from 10-30 minutes, and said to keep an eye out for order notifications that never came but that's a Yelp/Grubhub issue and was not considered for this review.Probably one of the best things I ate when I was in Philadelphia. I'll be talking about how great the breakfast sandwiches were for weeks.Absolutely love this place! Outside of the box thinking, and everything is delicious. I enjoyed a classic chicken sandwich and followed it with their dessert "chicken sandwich" with cinnamon toast crunch coasted ice cream with honey  I constantly rave about this place to everyone I know - its a must try!!!Fried chicken on Hawaiian Rolls. Cant complain with that. Not the best I have ever had but definitely not the worst either. Decent "go to" spot for a good chicken sandwich that isn't "empty fast food." Not that I wanted to put the sandwich together myself, but I did I appreciate that they separated all the sides so that my sandwich remained crispy upon delivery.Excellent idea, poor execution! 
So while walking towards century 21 I passed this place and few minutes later passed the brand new shake shack at 12th and chestnut! So I made a mental note, for lunch I ll pick up hot n'chikn at shake shack. 
Unfortunately they were not open yet (officially open on 22nd of October) so I decided on Hatch & coop. 
I don't know if it was an off day for them or because it was a weekend but they were struggling to keep up with the orders. There was an issue with online ordering and they were severely backed up. 
I walked in, used the tablet to place the order (spicy coop sandwich and curly fries) and took a seat. In the next 35 minutes I saw people come in for picking up their orders and the guys behind the counter looked completely clueless. 
Given they were getting orders through Grubhub, ubereats etc. But they lacked organization, I went up to the counter to ask about my order and he did apologize. 
They have an open kitchen and it was messy! Anyway moving on to the food. The sandwich was delicious but the curly fries were over cooked and even burnt, they had small pieces of popcorn chicken! Like seriously?!? 
The pimento sauce was good ! 
Maybe I ll give it another try.First timer and the chicken sandwich was great!! Nice crunch great flavor!!!! Thank you!!!I had high hopes for the honey chicken sandwich but it turned out a little weird. The chicken and bun were pretty good on its own but the honey sauce made the sandwich seem a little granulated feeling. But I gave 3 stars as the employees were super friendly and the fries/sauce were delicious.Waited over two hours for my delivery before I got a phone call, which I assumed to be the driver outside. The person on the other end said "Hey, are you waiting for a delivery? What's your address?" I told him, and he said "Yeah, that's too far." He just kind of trailed off and became silent, and I had to ask a few questions before I was finally certain they were just not going to deliver my food at all. Daylight wasted, stomach empty, and my money tied up for 3-5 days. Not great.Amazing wings, great veggie sandwich option, and caring staff! Ours went out of his way to make sure our takeout order was kept hot and ready for us. Great experience and will definitely be returning often.I wasn't sure what was so great about this place until I finally caved and tried it myself. I loved it! They have a good classic chicken sandwich and I like their special twist which includes slaw and a secret sauce that is amazing. I also like that they have fries and tots available - whenever you can, opt for tots! 
I've eaten here twice now and will definitely be back. It's nice to see a local place making a good, solid chicken sandwich. The chicken sandwich business is tough competition to be in, so definitely take a moment and try them out! Keep in mind, there are no indoor or outdoor seating options - it is just takeout and delivery available at this time.Please bring back Jake's!!!
I don't know what happened or why but to read that the owners are the same baffles me.
Nothing about what I just ate tasted fresh.
If I wasn't so hungry and cold and wet to complain I would have requested a refund.
I tried the special Thanksgiving sandwich on a semi-fresh Kaiser roll and the bang bang breakfast sandwich.
Both fell apart after the first bite.
Fried chicken wasn't very fresh or tasty and included some sort of breading, cranberry and requested fried egg. Meh.
The Bang Bang comes with "soft" scrambled eggs, sausage, habanero sauce and "frizzled" onions. Sausage was clearly previously frozen and The King Hawaiian roll couldn't support the sandwich and the sweetness of the roll didn't match any savoriness of the sandwich. Meh.
I should have went with my gut and passed on this place and went with Shake Shack down the street. Although I usually go with their burgers, Hatch and Coop could learn a thing or two from the fried chicken sandwich at SS!
Good luck H&C but I'm gonna fly the coop and never come back sorry
Prediction: Closed or Rebranded within a year or hopefully bring back Jake's or a version similar.Honey chicken sandwich was great. I wasn't crazy about the fried pickles. 
But do not order via yelp, the prices are raised when you order on yelp.., horrible that yelp and this company would do that to people.Their sandwich is definitely better than the highly overrated Popeyes sandwich and certainly have more flavors than Chic-fil-A. I had their Coop sandwich with fried pickles (my favorite), and I have to say, both were absolutely delicious. Then I treated myself to rather ostentatious dessert of ice cream rolled in cinnamon toast crunch pieces between two Hawaiian buns. Wow, is all I can say. I wasn't expecting to love it, but I did. Worth every calorie for that day! The service was great - we sat inside for about an hour and everything was spaced out appropriately. They also honored the Yelp coupon on their page. I will be back.I ordered through grub hub for pick up. When I arrived to get my food the restaurant was closed. An employee was outside telling me that the restaurant was closed. I contacted grub hub and got a refund. I will never order from hatch and coop again because they don't know how to run a business.Had the chicken and waffle sandwich the waffles were soggy and overall was messy. Chicken wasn't crispy at all.Nice place to get a quality chicken sandwich or salad. Very nice staff. A lot of different options of the chicken sandwich. I'll be back!!Was in the mood for something quick for dinner that was a step above Wendy's/Popeyes, so decided to try Hatch & Coop based on the positive Yelp reviews. When you enter, you order directly from an iPad. I ordered the honey mustard chicken sandwich ($8) and my husband got the classic Coop sandwich ($7) and we split an order of fried pickles ($5). The prices are very reasonable! 
Once we ordered our food was out in just a few minutes. My sandwich was good, not great. It came with that microwave style bacon, which was exactly what I was trying to avoid by going somewhere a step above Wendy's. So that was a little disappointing. My husband did not like his sandwich at all. He said the sauce they put on it was way too much and just made the sandwich taste gross. He also didn't like that the bun was a sweet Hawaiian bun. The fried pickles had too much breading on them, but I would also say they were solid and not overly greasy! 
Overall, was disappointed with our food. But the prices were very reasonable and we got our food quickly! I don't think we will come back though, this place just isn't our cup of tea.Got the 50/50 breakfast sandwich. Their sauce is amazing and it was one of the best breakfast sandwiches I have ever had. Great price for great food. Will definitely be back!Ordered online and just before arriving I received an email saying the order was ready, it was the start of a great day.
As I turned to go in and the restaurant had all its lights off. Stepped back to check the place was the correct place, it was. Pulled the door and it opened. Picked up my order and headed back to the hotel to enjoy.
I arrived back at the hotel, my mouth salivating from the smells that teased it all the way back. I rip open the sack in anticipation, giving my wife her sandwich (I opted for a bowl in lieu of a bun). I take my feast, set my place, and prepare to eat. I freeze in horror, they included no flatware in the sealed to go package. I watch my wife eat as I drool. 
I search the hotel room for anything I could use. I tried in vain to use two coffee stirrers as little chopsticks. Nothing managed to make it to my mouth. In final despair I eat as the cavemen from far back in my lineage did. 
Satisfied.The chicken sandwiches are amazing. Great flavor and spice (if you want spice). Only 6 bucks too so great place. Only thing I wasn't over the moon about was the fries were slightly undercooked and not crispy. Hoping that was just a one off mistake.I get that most companies are doing their best during coat and that there are bumps to be expected with everything I get it. What you're not though but what I won't accept is a refusal to make things right and blatant disrespect to the customer. I ordered delivery from them when I didn't need to because I live pretty close to them. Order delivery in order to save myself time while I was cleaning up my apartment. This backfired on me. The delivery time took three times the max delivery estimate which I understand I get it. But I had zero updates on the delivery app when I called the store they would not pick up the phone my delivery arrived ice cold with missing items and poorly prepared food items. The tater tots are the worst article of food I have ever seen they are greasy soggy messes that fall apart as soon as you pick them up the sandwich is okay at best the caramelized onions are a nice touch for an egg sandwich but again when it's ice cold it tastes disgusting. I live close enough that I was fortunate enough to be able to walk to the store. But when I got there I was greeted with a staff who quite frankly could not handle a medium amount of customers and instantly told me we're too busy for you use the app not even asking what I was here for well clearly holding a bag. I'd give them a pass because I know delivery services are pretty suspect at the moment due to the high demand during covid-19. But this store decided to use their own delivery people and still screwed up every single touch point of my customers Spirits from the time it took to get there to the quality of the food to the completeness of the order to the follow-up to the customer service to how I was treated and talk to you as a customer with an issue.  This is clearly a place that has checked out what was once Innovative and delicious sandwich place by The Neighbourhood AKA Jake's Sandwich Board has become a Popeyes copycat trying to cash in on the newest food Trends with zero creativity or anything original to say. It is a Soleus mummy grab that has mediocre sandwiches at best and the worst customer service ever experienced it's overpriced tater tots suck their portions are wack. Screw this place I hope they lose their shirts and go bankrupt.3.5 - A friend and I decided to get lunch at Jake's for the Monday pork sandwich deal and were thrown for a loop when we walked in and didn't recognize anything. I had actually never been inside Jake's (only walked by it), but my friend who was somewhat of a regular had to walk back outside to confirm where we were! The colors and decor had changed and they even upgraded to self service ordering. An employee let us know that a switch had been made and that Jake's was now "Hatch & Coop". We checked out the menu --which doesn't have any pork at all only chicken and eggs -- and decided to stick around to try it out. 
I ordered the Coop chicken sandwich while my friend had the Honey sandwich. The breaded chicken was hot and juicy and served on a delicious roll. Although delicious, I thought it was pretty small for the $6 I spent. My friend enjoyed his side of potato pancakes, which were little hash browns I believe. There's also breakfast sandwiches that I'll have to come back for. 
Overall, I would say it was a good experience and will come back! However, they have a very Chik-fil-A vibe that might make it hard for them considering there's already a Chik-fil-A nearby that offers more variety for less.Now this is a great meaty chicken sandwich. I can't wait to try everything on this menu. This is totally plus because it's right next to jefferson hospital. 
This place is pretty spacious with a bathroom. A plus for a single kids highseat. 
I ordered the chicken sandwich with hash browns. The coleslaw and aoli was perfect. 
Next time I will try the breakfast menu. The chicken sandwich plus side was nine dollars- it's steep but worth the sandwich 
In NY it would be $13.Incredible food. Crispy chicken, amazing sauces, beyond delicious. Also, quick delivery. I'd give them more stars if I could!! A+Pretty solid chicken sando. The chicken/waffle sandwich is worth a try but the waffle is a little on the sweet side for me.Ordered through Caviar.  I want a refund for my entire order!  They send me cold, greasy, soggy, old fries with no house dipping sauce as it says it comes with.  They also sent me a greasy, soggy, old, cold chicken sandwich without the cheese I paid for.  Unreal...this food isn't edible!  Disgusting! Literally McDonalds would have been better than this!Small made-to-order chicken/egg sandwich joint. Gotta say, the chicken sandwich is simple but pretty good. I haven't tried the egg, but definitely will next time! Ordering is mad easy as well via touch screen. Can dine in or take out. Not much more to say!
Rating: 8
Pros: Simple, tasty chicken sandwich
Cons: Not muchWorker there talking to each other with bad language. 
Didn't say Hi! or Thank you! 
Mask to only cover their chin (nose and mouth are exposed).
Nothing special about their sandwich. Just a piece of fried chicken slapped in between toasted buns.
Save your money and get Popeyes chicken sandwich instead, they are much better!I ordered the Spicy Coop Sandwich and fried pickles; The sandwich was messy to eat but very tasty! The sweetness from the buttery, toasted Hawaiian roll and slaw really compliments the saltiness of the fried chicken. The friend pickle coins were a good size and the spicy mayo complimented it nicely. I ended up grab ketchup for them instead because the mayo in the slaw from the sandwich, plus the spicy mayo for the pickles was an overload. 
The staff was extremely welcoming and nice. I ended up eating in the restaurant and without hesitation each new customer who entered was warmly greeted. The interior is small but very modern and clean. I would definitely recommend to anyone looking for a quick, not particularly healthy, but delicious bite to eat.Hatch & Coop is quickly becoming my favorite comfort food, go-to spot. Admittedly, I've only used a delivery service to enjoy their food, so I cannot comment on their store or its service. However, they do offer fresh and tasty food. The chicken for their sandwiches is always juicy and flavorful, and too much for me to eat. So far, have always gotten their fried pickles, which are my preferred pickle chips, rather than spears, and they're just as good as the chicken. Even having their meals delivered, it's still perfect, not soggy. Highly recommend their bacon and ranch sandwich with the fried pickles. You won't be disappointed.I ordered from this place over a year ago and it was great. They moved locations and I decided to try them again. It was awful! 
The chicken was thin and not the same quality that it used to be,  Chick-fil-A is better quality. I also ordered the tater tots and they were a completely different shape and flavor then they used to be. Also, they advertise a belgian waffle for the ice cream sandwich with Cinnamon Toast crushed pieces wrapped around the sandwich, that's not what I got, there was no crunchy pieces and the waffle was a cheap ego waffle. I'd save the calories and time and try something better. I was torn between trying this tonight and FUKU chicken, I'm going to try that next time. Hopefully, they have better quality.I think the fried pickles has a layer of...cheese? Pimento spread? Something. The "habanero" was a spicy jelly on the side. No sauces with either the fries (soggy) nor the pickles. Chicken was crispy but the rest...just "meh". FreeByrd at the bourse is much better and also available for delivery.Always delicious food from this place! Love the spicy Bacon lettuce sandwich! Soooo good and the breading they use is scrumptious!! I'd definitely recommend it. A regular staple of mine for sure! I'm gonna miss H&C when I go back home!I really want to like and support this place but we ordered chicken sandwiches and it was straight breading with a very thin piece of chicken. (See photo) Some bites were 100% breading. The roll was fresh and the dips & slaw are delicious but the chicken itself was....not good. With the cost of the sandwich I was left disappointed and hungry. Maybe it was just an off day? If I try them again I'll update with any change in experience!First time customer....tried the eggplant sandwich. I can be a bit picky as I prefer thinly sliced eggplant. This sandwich was perfection!  The seasoning on the eggplant,  the lightly spread sauce along with the slaw enhanced the sandwich.  The gentlemen working there were kind, friendly and helpful also. I highly recommend Hatch and Coop!  Try it. You will not be disappointed.Solid chicken sandwich. Ordered delivery and all of the sauces were on the side which was a nice surprise and ensured my chicken was still crispy when I received it. The sauce for the tots was good too. Will definitely order again.I stopped by Hatch & Coop for a late-night dinner. After looking at the menu, I decided on the chicken & waffle sandwich with fries. I also asked for the chicken to be spicy. The wait for my food was not long. After getting back to my hotel, I started to eat.
Here are my thoughts:
Chicken: It was fine. It was flavorful but not spicy. The chicken was in the form of patty which was a bit of surprise.
Waffle: Delicious!
Fries: It was okay. I would probably order the tater tots.
Overall, I would say a good experience.Solid spot for some good friend chicken sandwiches. Would be lying if I said these were the best out there in the area but it is still worth checking out. 
The chicken has a nice brine and the buttermilk batter has some flavorful seasoning, resulting in an overall tasty patty that has a good crunch to it. Only complaint with the chicken itself is thin and on the small side.
Coop - 4/5 stars - It was good but not a fan of the Hawaiian bread they use. The slaw was sweet and crunchy and went really well with the house sauce to make a tasty sandwich. Since the chicken is thin, the plush Hawaiian bun just becomes too much of the sandwich and takes away from it all. 
Habanero - 3/5 stars - They are not joking... it is HOT. I love spicy foods but actually was not a big fan of this sandwich. Like I said the sauce had a lot of heat to it but really lacked on flavor. In the end, I think the spice just overpowered everything else.
Chicken & Waffles - 4/5 stars - Definitely my favorite. Generally I thought the waffle was a much better combination than the buns they use and the honey butter hot sauce was delicious and went really well with the spicy chicken.
Definitely worth checking out and will be back. Really want to try their ice cream sandwiches that look amazing.I had a great experience with this place 2 weeks ago.  Today we ordered again and it was terrible!  Our order was poorly prepared. The fried pickles were way over bartered and doughy on the inside. The popcorn chicken was burnt and dry. The only thing that arrived well cooked was the sandwich. Never ordering from here again!