Meh. Was walking around reading terminal and wanted a place that wasn't super packed as I was in a bit of a rush, and ended up here. 
I was excited to try the buffalo chicken breast lunchmeat special, which includes chips and a soda for $9.95. Was a little turned off by the fact that I had to pay extra for lettuce and tomato. At most delis, this is included! Anyway, got the sandwich, which came with provolone and mayo on rye, and I added lettuce and tomato, potato chips, and a coke can. Turned out to be ~$12, which is a bit much if you ask me. I must say they did load the sandwich with lots of lunchmeat which I appreciated, though there was too much mayo. Bread wasn't my favorite. Chips were standard. Overall fine experience. 
Saw some in-house diners at deli counter with pickles on their plates. I assumed I'd be getting this with my to-go order, but I assumed wrong. I should have asked!Best Bacon of my LIFE! Get the black forest garlic bacon NOW! Your life has not begun until you've tried it.Picked up a Hatville Deli sandwich for lunch on my way out of town -- what a great decision! Of all the things I tried at Reading Terminal Market, I think Hatville might be my fave food stand.
I ordered a Roast beef & Provolone sandwich on Soft Rye with lettuce, tomato, & honey mustard. I mentioned that I wanted it cold, and she said, "That's the only way we make it!" WHAT A DREAM. I couldn't wait to get into the car & tear into that sandwich. And? It was just as good as I hoped it would be. Really amazing, flavorful, huge sandwich stacked with plenty of meat & cheese. Perfect for lunch! 
Next time I visit Philly, I'm not going to wait until my last day to stop by Hatville.Do yourself a favor and get the #3 Combo with a sweet tea. This is the best corned beef special you'll ever have.  I look forward to this every time I'm at Reading Terminal. You can thank me later!Love this place. Never had a bad meal, and the food is always delicious. The only downside is that it gets crowded during the lunch rush, so the trick is to get here before noon or after 1.Listen closely, because I'm about to tell you an amazing secret. 
Have some time during lunch to explore the Reading Terminal Market? Awesome! Don't know what you want? Short answer: Hatville deli.
While there are dozens of amazing food options in the Terminal, none seem to hit the spot time and again like Hatville deli. Maybe it's their Russian dressing, or maybe it's the fresh cut deli meats. I'm not really sure. But what I do know is that the turkey wrap with coleslaw and Russian dressing is the most satisfying lunchtime meal I've had. You've spent a good amount of time walking around the catacombs of the Terminal in search of the dream lunch. Now that you've found it, you deserve a little carbo-overload. Enjoy!
Caution: like many of the Dutch establishments in the Terminal, Hatville deli isn't open on Mondays. It took many broken hearts on my part before I learned this valuable lesson.Super fast service and great sandwich. Had the turkey breast and would recommend. Comes with chips and a canned drink. Worst thing about this place is no place to sit but that's just because it's so popularI had the corned beef special and my husband had the buffalo chicken special. Both sandwiches were loaded with meat and served on fresh sourdough bread. The corned beef came with a Russian dressing type sauce, which was not overpowering and the beef was prepared just right! It was not salty and was sliced nicely thin. Both sandwiches were delicious!It's tough to go wrong in general when it comes to getting food in Reading terminal. This place has a great selection of sandwiches and has a nice deli if you are interested in taking something home. My friend and I both got the pastrami special and were in love with it. I have had my fair share of pastrami sandwiches and I would  have to say this may be my favorite. 
You get a drink and chips with your sandwich. They have blazing fast service in making the sandwich and attending to your needs. They have a machine right in front of the counter seats that is just constantly cutting pastrami, it's pretty amazing to watch. The house sauce they put on the sandwich is legit. They even gave me an extra container of the sauce to use to eat my chips. Can't wait to come back here.I've never dined at their counter, but I always get a sandwich combo that comes with a drink and chips to go. They are ninja fast and seem to be running quite efficiently. The corned beef special and their turkey special are my go-to sandwiches. They definitely don't skimp on the meat as the portion size is pretty large for what you're paying. There's also a side of cheeses and various deli meats. I've had a couple of their cream cheeses and they're really good. I say grab some bagels somewhere else in the market and some of their cream cheese and you're good to go!Hooray! Delicious food! Get the turkey special, it's mighty good. The service is friendly, even though I was wearing a bright pink wig (I was in town for a convention). My sandwich was $8 and came with chips and a drink.Best prices for deli meats hands down.  We go for the hard salami, pepperoni, pastrami and honey turkey.  It's all so good.  They will provide samples upon request.  You go for the jewish style deli meats, not the gourmet salumis, and yes I love both.  Sure there are other gourmet salumis in other places, but you won't find a good hard salami there like at Hatville.  Diced cheeses in a box for $2.00 as well.Great service, affordable cheeses and meats--Hatville Deli is where I go to get cheeses and cold cuts at Reading Terminal Market. I would say its strongest suit is great customer service and local products--there are better places for cold cuts and cheese in the Market, though. But you definitely won't be saving much going there.Whenever you need a good artery-clogging, go to the Reading Terminal. My repast of choice is #3, the corned beef special combo, at the Hatville Deli. Only, $8.95; chips and drink included.So when I go to the Reading Terminal Market for lunch, I'd usually go to Tommy DiNic's. I decided to try something new and I was glad I made that choice. Upon arriving to Hatville's store stand, we noticed banners surrounding the counter featuring its "Famous corn beef" and "Famous roast beef" sandwiches, and they looked delicious. We decided to try this place instead of a place right next to it with a line, and it was not a bad idea!
The corned beef was good, but I think the roast beef even much better. Both are served on rye bread and smothered with a house sauce (tasted very similar to Thousand Island dressing). We were also given a drink along with a bag of chips. The pricing for the food was ridiculous. It is at least 10 dollars and all you get is a small sandwich with a bag of chips.
Finally, the service was pretty awesome. There was only one person taking care of everyone, but she was doing a great job. We only had to call her over a few times since it was busy.The sandwiches were huge and beautiful, service was quick and friendly. Pricing was fair, definitely a good eat if you're into deli meats that melt in your mouth.You know how I know the corned beef was good? I've never seen my girlfriend eat a sandwich faster.This is by far the best deli in Philadelphia.  My wife makes us stop her 2-3 times when we visit  This place is in Reading Terminal and is always busy.  The meats are all lean and fresh   I have to admit my wife always gets a corn beef special with all the sides on the side for our plane trip home.  The staff is friendly and always ready to take your order as soon as you sit down.  If you need a quick bite of amazing then this is a quick stop while shopping in the terminal.We did a quick tour of Reading terminal. The Reuben sandwiches here caught our eye. They were pretty good. Not nearly as heavy as ones I've had before. It was a good value too.I went for the cornbeef sandwich and it lives up the hype! 
Fast and friendly service! Definitely will be back for another sandwich in the future.
However, they're weak on the sides - only got potato chips.I've never tried the food here, but they have an amazing selection of cream cheese and spreads. Cream cheese flavors include pumpkin, strawberry, dill, and other more funky flavors, and the spreads are just as unique, with flavors like port wine cheddar and buffalo cheddar bleu cheese. I've had the pumpkin cream cheese and the Cajun crab dip, both of which were delicious and took a ridiculous amount of self-control to not finish the entire container in two days.I've never gotten a sandwich from here, but I've been coming here for cold cuts for a little over a year. My favorite is the roast beef. Everything's always been really high quality, with really great, friendly service, but I've seen a major decline in the quality of the rare roast beef. It used to be red and tender. It was easy to cut and eat since they kind of crumple it up instead of slicing it (usually a good thing),but over the past month, it's been pink and this sort of sickening undercooked color (it looked really gross in the case, different from usual), really tough, and in large slices instead of crumpled/cut up like it usually is. This makes it tough to cut and eat (you know when it's tough and you end up pulling half the meat off in one bite?). I hope the quality of the rare roast beef goes back to normal because I really like it here.Best sandwich in the city? Forget the usual suspects, and instead head to the Reading Terminal Market (RTM) Wednesday thru Saturday. 
Hatville slices your lunchmeat fresh and to order. You've never had smoked turkey quite like this before. My favorite sandwich is the smoked turkey special on rye which includes cole slaw and russian dressing on top of the turkey on fresh rye bread. I can hardly resist the freshly made potato chips or the sweet tea. I've never actually deviate from this menu, but I'm positive the other fresh lunchmeats are just as tasty. For some reason, I can almost always score a seat at the counter. I think this place might just be RTM's best kept secret.First and only sandwich we tried. Pastrami sandwich combo.
Sauce/coleslaw/pastrami combination is indescribably good! 
Would love to come back and try more! 
Chips were super crispy w/o being too oily.Ate there yesterday. Delicious sandwiches and great service. The meat was extremely tender. It was my 9yr old son's first time eating a corned beef sandwich on rye read with mustard. It was a big sandwich too and he inhaled it all. He wound up eating the other half of his sister's sandwich this morning for breakfast today.  The only thing I wished was that the meat isn't heated but it doesn't need itThis is one of my go to spots. 
Definitely here to satisfy all of your sandwich cravings. 
BEST CORNED BEEF SPECIALS EVER.
Not a fan of corned beef? They have a turkey version and it's great too. Order anything and I bet you'd like it. Everything is fresh and the area is clean. I love this place.Sandwiches are great.  Super thinly sliced, it almost melts in your mouth.  The sandwiches are huge too.  Bring your appetite.  There aren't a great many choices for your toppings but it doesn't matter.Corn beef special was great.  The meat sliced so thin, they had to use a laser.This review is for cold cuts only. I've never had a sandwich.
The relatively new "Italian roast pork" is amazing. I bought half a pound and made a sandwich at home that was better than some roast pork sandwiches I've had in the city (excluding DiNic's and John's). I'm going to continue buying this from Hatville Deli and making pork sandwiches at home.
They have weekly deals that are really great. I don't remember the exact prices, but I remember getting turkey bacon and one of the hams for significantly cheaper than elsewhere when they were one of the weekly specials.
One time OVER A YEAR AGO the rare roast beef was a tad undercooked, but it was ONE TIME. 
I never actually compared prices, but I think when I get one pound of meat and half a pound of cheese from here, I always spend less money than other delis in RTM.
I'm not huge on the only open until 3pm Monday-Wednesday because RTM tends to be busiest during lunch (and I'm not a morning person).
Try to come when it's not busy, though, because they don't take numbers like other delis.Hatville has the best looking and tasting sliced meats and cheeses and the prices are pretty good!After being in Denver for over two years where delis are hard to come by, the first thing I wanted when I got to Philly was a great sandwich.  I loved this place.  All I can say is: Fresh, fresh, fresh!  The turkey sandwich melted in my mouth.  The portion size was large and what I couldn't finish, my fiance polished off.  Delish!I am sitting in Reading Terminal Market right now, waiting for my wife to arrive. We're heading right to Hatville Farms. 
We get the same thing every time because it is just that good: the smoked turkey special. I'm getting hungry thinking about it. 
Their smoked turkey is top notch. All their meats are. Just get meat on bread and you'd be happy. However, my wife and I can't resist the special which includes coleslaw and Russian dressing. Sublime. 
I'd also suggest ordering a bad of their potato chips and having their iced tea. Both are splendid and remind you that you are eating in one of the best places in the whole world to eat: Reading Terminal Market. 
This place (especially Hatville Deli) has not been invaded by soulless over processed corporate food. 
Hatville Farms is my favorite merchant in the wonderful Reading Terminal. That's saying something.After walking around the RTM, the Hatville Deli's Corned beef sandwich caught my eye. In retrospect, its nt the best corned beef sandwich I've had, but for the price it was decent. 
The waitress was kind enough to split our sandwich for us when she knew we were sharing.What a hoodwink place. No wonder Philly gets a bad rap. Talk about oversell, $5.00 for a processed roast beef sandwich, half a leaf of lettuce $.40, 1 wafer thin slice of tomato $.40, $.20 for a thin slice of onion and $.60 for a slice of cheese. $1.25 for H2O. So this $5.00 Deli sandwich ends up costing you only $8.45 plus tax brings this puny sandwich to a whopping total of $9.13. What a rip off, I should have gone to Subway. This sandwich was nothing special and I got taken because our visitors didn't know better. What a shame. The guys pawing the meats should wash their hands more often after contaminating their gloves.I really enjoy my food at Hatville Deli.  It's always a treat to try the special of the week, and a great deal as well!  If you get a chance, definitely try their corned beef special.  The staff is accomodating, knowledgeable, efficient, friendly, and helpful.  I have been there enough where they know who I am by face at this point, and are always very kind and genuine to me. The food, though, is wonderful, since the ingredients are fresh and wholesome. I highly recommend this establishment.A deli with bar type seating inside Reading Terminal Market is a perfect quick bite place. With all the deli sandwich offering, we decided on the Pastrami combo with home made chips. The pastrami was piled high with Russian dressing on rye bread. An excellent and filling sandwich to hold me over before the next stall.Lots of piggy deliciousness to be had here!  
This deli stand at Reading Terminal Market has the best deli meats I've had in Philly.  The chipped country ham is where it's at - don't scrimp, load up on it.  They take credit cards too (unlike some of the other Amish/Mennonite stands here) if you have at least $10 worth of charges (not a problem - get 2 lbs of the aforementioned country ham).
I used to load up on the ham when I went to college in Philly some 6-7 years ago... get the Amish butter and some rolls from the Amish bakery in the back and you've got yourself an awesome meal.Great little deli counter in Reading Terminal. I love their cheese and the Bologna roll-ups. I get them almost every week!I know. I am going to sound like a food snob. But this stuff was just mediocre at best. Instead of slicing their pastrami or corned beef, it is "shaved". So you get these "giblets", for a lack of a better word, instead of nice slabs of meat. They don't toast their bread either. So you get this mushy sandwich, with too much dressing and fall apart meat. Bleh! Definitely won't be returning here.Was amazed at how a simple turkey sandwich could taste so good!  Plus it was huge.  Service was fantastic.  Ladies smiled all the time and were attentive. Super customer service.  Very clean too.  Would highly recommend. A+I love sandwiches, all types, besides pizza, its probably my favorite thing.  You can get good sandwiches all over, but and sometimes they are too much but tasty.  Hatville was excellent, for a simple, great quality sandwich.  Very satisfying, clean fresh feeling and simple.  Sometimes bringing it back to simple can be better, Hatville pulled that off.  Had the Corn Beef with slaw and 1000 island dressing, very good.  My wife's pastrami was very good too.This place is great - the meat is very fresh and their prepared dips are incredible! My favorite is the spicy artichoke crab dip...it is AMAZING! They have many different selections of meat and cheese and will allow you to sample if you can't decide which you want. If only they were open 7 days a week!Hands down: THE BEST CORNED BEEF SPECIAL IN THE CITY!!!  I've tried many now and no one else comes close.  In my opinion, this is the standard against which all others are to be judged.
Tender, delicious corned beef shaved in house and piled high on rye bread with coleslaw and russian dressing. Served with a bag of chips and an iced tea for around 9 bucks!  I swear, I've had dreams about this sandwich!  
If I ever had to pick a last lunch on earth, this would be it.A trip to Philly is not complete without a visit to Reading Terminal Market. Here you will find Hatville Deli serving up delicious sandwiches for those that brave the crowds. Today I was luck enough to stop by when it was not to busy, I got a seat at their counter right away. Be warned that they only seat about 8-10 people so come expecting to wait or taking your sandwich to go.
I went with the famous Pastrami Special. The sandwich includes a mound of pastrami on rye bread, stuffed with cole slaw and Russian dressing. The sandwich also comes with a side of pickle. From my first bite I knew I had fallen in love. The Russian dressing really brings out the flavor of the pastrami. The pastrami is perfectly sliced and tasted like heaven. The added pickle is a nice finishing touch for your taste buds.
Overall, great place for a delicious quick lunch. At $10 a sandwich it is a great deal. You can definitely catch me here again.This place was just OK to me.  Nothing special.  It is a sandwich with a piece of cheese and some sort of sauce.  Maybe I got the wrong sandwich.  I got the roast beef special.  The chips were good, the service was great, but their are so many more places to try in Reading Market that I would pass here.Simple, quick, DELICIOUS.
Take out counter on the side: Order, pay, get your sandwich within like a minute or two
Roast Beef Special, about $7-$8. Piles of roast beef, russian dressing, coleslaw, on rye. Meat is heavenly and thick, but thinly sliced (does this make sense idk), sauce has just the right amount of tang, not too much coleslaw so not overbearing, and bread...oh my the softest and freshest bread. I love this place. I had it two days in a row and wasn't even mad tho.
Service: Quick and friendly.
I don't think I can get another deli sandwich elsewhere without comparing it to Hatvile.I loved this little deli in the market - I went here twice! You can sit right there, order, and the service is fast & friendly. 
I had the roast beef; the meat tasted fresh, the russian dressing was amazing, and the coleslaw finished off the sandwich perfectly (sidenote: I am not usually a coleslaw girl). 
The pastrami sandwich was just as good as the roast beef. Good prices as well.This is surely a Reading Terminal staple for locals and probably a destination for out-of-towners. You cannot beat their reuben options (I usually opt for Turkey while my other half goes for the corned beed). Either way the dressing is delicious and the cole-slaw and meat plentiful. In fact, the same can be said about any of their sandwiches! They do not skimp on the protein. 
This place is also the speediest in the market! You will get in line, order and be happily enjoying your sammy in less than five minutes. 
If you are a local, don't miss out on their deli side where you can get cold cuts to go. I have never been disappointed by the quality, freshness, taste and price!Got their famous corned beef special combo, which comes with chips and a small drink for about $11. The corn beef sandwich is so good, you can tell the quality of meat just worth the steep price. Highly recommend!This was delicious! My sister and I were able to split the pastrami sandwich which ended up being the perfect size. The combo came with a bag of chips and a drink. The service was great and the sandwich was juicy and tender. I will definitely be returning in the future!A colleague told me about Hatville Deli and recommended we dine in at the counter for a quick bite to wait out the rush hour commuters. She told me stories of how her grandmother loved Hatville and used to bring her there as a child so I knew I had to try it.I learned during our visit that Hatville opened in the Reading Terminal Market in the early 80's. My colleague ordered her favorite - the corned beef special and I ordered the pastrami special. The meat on both sandwiches were shaved extremely thin which I hadn't ever experienced deli meat shaved so thinly before. The corned beef special and the pastrami special were prepared identically - served on marble rye bread with coleslaw and Russian dressing that is made in house. The amount of meat on each sandwich was just perfect - not too little and not too much.Stopped by recently at closing and spilt a Corned Beef special with my wife. It was good. Thinly sliced corned beef, Russian dressing, sweet Cole slaw and on rye bread. The staff was very kind to accommodate our order as they were closing up for the day.To me, the corn beef special belongs on the island of misfit toys.  Like the water pistol that shoots jelly, the awkward combination of corned beef, saurkraut, swiss, and russian dressing just seems put together by a committee chaired by Hermey the elf.
However, this Yukon Cornelius struck silver and gold at Hatville Deli.  After grabbing one of the few open bar stools, I asked for a menu.  Pretty much a waste of time, because my awkward, long glances towards my fellow diners revealed that everyone was eating...corn beef specials.  And all of them were in a zen-like trance...in some personal, far away, happy place.
So...I asked the nice Amish lass for this caloric nuclear bomb.  After my first bite...there I was, a kid again, watching the Rankin/Bass animation, cheering for Rudolph and friends.  All the parts of this conglomeration came together.  The corned beef was fresh and delicious.
If you are a Charlie-in-the-box in search of something "special", pull up a bar stool and join the other happy misfits at Hatville Deli.Stopped in here for a bite after the car show. The RTM was packed, so we found some open seats with these guys. The deli was clean, the staff was friendly and ordering was quick!  The food came out promptly as well. 
I went with the famous corned beef special which has, thinly shaved corn beef, Cole slaw and homemade Russian dressing on rye bread. It was sliced in half and came with a fork. I definitely needed the fork for the heaping portion of corn beef which wasn't overly salty, was tender and balanced well with the creamy sweetness of the Russian dressing. The dressing itself was not overly sweet and helped keep the sandwich together. The Cole slaw was a thin layer, the rye bread was a milder rye which helped balance the sandwich overall. 
I liked my experience here, it was of course a couple of bucks higher price wise because of the location. 
I rarely have a bad meal in the Reading Terminal Market and these guys kept that streak going!Other than Iovine Brothers Produce, there is no place in Reading Terminal Market I go to on more of a consistent basis than Hatville Deli. Sourced from Lancaster, the quality meats produced by the Esh family are affordable and convenient.
They've got delicious slabs of bacon - hickory smoked, pepper, or maple glazed. And of course, it wouldn't be Pennsylvania without some country pork scrapple!
Or you might opt for their bevy of freshly sliced ham, turkey, and chicken.
But that's not all! You've got homemade cheeses, which includes a slew of cheddar (try their maple bacon cheddar!) and mozzarella, among others.
They've even got a gamut of unique and creative cream cheeses!
On a recent trip, I picked up half a pound of country ham ...
Some of the aforementioned maple bacon cheddar ...
A little horseradish cheddar ...
And a half pound of that nicely marbled hickory smoked bacon ...
Also - it never hurts when a shop takes Level Up, while offering a $1 credit. And if you use this link - you'll get an additional $5 off! Be sure to check out Hatville Deli if you're looking for an affordable deli that offers quality meat and cheese.I went here with my sister and it was super yummy! We ordered the pastrami special to split. The portion size was great and it was a good size lunch for both of us. It was definitely busy on a Saturday, but we were able to find seats at the bar area. The service was great as well! I'll definitely be back!Their natural garlic & herb turkey is amazing!!I always get my deli meat from here, which I take home and make my own sandwiches. I stick to the honey maple turkey and it's always delicious. It's also inexpensive. More than worth the price you pay.I stopped by here after roaming around the terminal and Reuben seemed to look delicious. I have to say it was very good meat, excellent dressing, and coleslaw was just right. The only bad part for me was that I wanted the sandwich to be pressed and it came out cold. Nevertheless it was great food for the price and I would recommend this place to anyoneThey're the only ones I know who carry pepper ham, my favorite. Unfortunate error in my order today that I didn't notice until I was home. I called them up and without having to beg & plead they made it right.  Thank you, a loyal customer.Disappointed in The corned beef special as they raised the price but lowered the amount of meat by 50%. I gave them 3 chances over the last year but it hasn't improved. I believe it's under New Management these are not the Amish I used to see here for years. Damn I used to love this place. Sadly I'll never go back again. You can't go wrong at Tommy dinic's.My favorite sandwich in Philly! I recommend the smoked turkey special. Fresh, delicious thin-sliced meat, friendly service, and usually not overly crowded. The portions are generous without being unmanageably huge. I stop by whenever I'm near Reading Terminal!Wow. I just had the best corned beef sandwich I've ever had. Thinly shaved, slaw, homemade Russian dressing, chips and a pickle. Done! Doesn't get any better than this... next the the PA convention center in the farmers market. Check it out.Hatville ist eine Mischung aus Metzgerei/ Käseladen und Imbiss. Das Geschäft befindet sich in der Reading Terminal Market Halle. 
Eine unglaublich große Auswahl an hauchdünn geschnittenem Trukey, super lecker. Die Sandwichts sind absolut zu empfehlen. Sehr lecker! Könnte ich jeden Morgen zum Frühstück essen. 
Der Stand wird von Armish People geführt und viele Armish People, die ihre Stände in der Halle haben, kommen dort auch Frühstücken. Hat was Nostalgisches. Service ist super freundlich gewesen. Ware extrem frisch. Preis fand ich normal. Für ein Sandwich mit Chips und einem Getränk ca. 9US$.
Kann diesen Stand absolut empfehlen. Alle anderen Speisen, die ich dort sehen konnte, sahen super lecker aus.Simple Delicious Deli Sandwich. Get any 'special'(the corned beef special is my pick). Russian Dressing, Cole Slaw, and deli meat that is fresh with every bite and is so thinly sliced that you'd swear a samurai did it. Seriously...those amish must have a stash of katanas hidden around somewhere....
Served on soft Rye bread, and with just enough dressing and cole slaw to add a creaminess and tang but not overpower the meat itself(one of the cardinal sins of sandwich making). You can eat at the counter, or take a to-go order. In any case you'll have your sandwich in all of 30-45 seconds and devour it equally fast. At about $7.50 each, they actually stack quite a bit of meat so you are getting a great sandwich for a good value.Really good pastrami sandwich. Lots of meat with coleslaw. I got lettuce and tomato added and it was fantastic.THE BEST!!
I tried 3 of 'The Specials' - Pastrami, Turkey and Roast Beef. Every one was excellent!
You can eat at the counter or take the deliciousness away to enjoy away from prying eyes when you inhale it.
Fresh and delicious. Good customer service and prices are as expected $7-8 for a sandwich. No sides but who cares; the sandwich is the star of the show. If you finish one of these bad boys you'll be setup until dinner... Heck, go get one for dinner too. I did!
Nowhere else can you get these Philly sandwiches better.
Wish I had one now.
6 stars!!With so many choices to choose from at Reading Terminal, where do you go for lunch? On a Thursday, a little before 12 pm, my husband and I ended up deciding to grab a bite to eat here after walking around the entire market. 
There was a long line for to go orders so we opted to order at the counter (counter seating is only for those dining in by the way). We ended up ordering:
Roast Beef Special, $7.95 prior to tax ($8.59 with tax)- This signature sandwich comes with their coleslaw, made with their homemade Russian dressing, served on a nice tasty rye bread. And served with a pickle spear on the side. The roast beef was tender and just had that flavor that you would want in roast beef. But what I think what really sets this sandwich apart from other roast beef sandwiches is their cole slaw. Although a bit messy, the slaw just works well with the roast beef, making for the perfect sandwich. 
Since we had plans to try other food items at the Reading Terminal, we decided to just share this sandwich. But I think I would want to try the corned beef or the turkey sandwich if I was to come back here. 
Wait time for out sandwich to be made was really quick. The employee who was making the sandwiches was fast. She got the bread, placed the meat and the slaw with such finesse. And then sliced the sandwich down the middle and packed it for to go orders or plates it and delivers to the customer sitting at the counter. Although when we arrived there was a long line to make to go orders, the line did move quick (thought I would mention that in case you don't want to dine here). 
If you want a good sandwich, Hatville Deli will not disappoint.The Hatville Deli offers one of the best best corned beef specials in the city. The corned beef was lean and sliced so thin, and the rye bread was so fresh. The service was very fast and pleasant.My boyfriend and I stopped here for lunch while we were in Reading Terminal Market. We had the chicken salad and the corn beef sandwiches. About 4 hours later my boyfriend came down with severe food poisoning. Shortly thereafter, I did as well. We were both extremely sick for 24 hours. I would never trust this place again.So as you know there is no seating available anywhere within the Reading terminal.   However, tables are available outside (highboy tables no chairs) the perimeter of the Reading Market.  We bought a 1lb of the hickory bacon, very reliable and consistent quality product.  Every time we drive from NYC, we make it a point to visit Reading Terminal and come here.  We been buying bacon here now for the last 3 years but we been visiting the reading market for about 10 years and we truly love all the family owned businesses.  Thank you for your quality products,we will continue to support your business. Your products are delicious and all natural.Everybody flocks to Carmen's (cheesesteak) or DiNic's (roast pork), and that's just fine with me. I'll let the crowds gather and long lines form at those Reading Terminal establishments, while I post up at the countertop at Hatville. Fresh cuts of quality meat, super affordable prices, and generally, no wait. I also am a fan of their homemade potato chips!!
*Tip* Ask for a corned beef/pastrami combo, even though it's not listed on the menu. Thank me later!Great corned beef sandwich! Reading terminal has an overwhelming abundance of food options, but Hatville Deli is solid. My flight attendant friend stops by reading terminal often on layovers and recommended this sandwich, so spotting the sign felt like finding the promised land! Two friends and I had been eating our way through the market so we split one sandwich. We felt a bit bad about taking up three seats at their counter, but their service was so kind! They cut the sandwich into even thirds on separate plates and gave each of us a whole pickle! It seems like a family-owned joint and it was cute to see the kids behind the counter.At Reading Terminal Market, Hatville Deli. I ordered their corned beef special combo. It's a thinly shaved corned beef, coleslaw,  and homemade Russian dressing on rye bread. It's accompanied by coke zero, chips, and a pickle. It was delicious!!!! Additionally, they didn't skimp on portion either!! The best part is their service!!! I was greeted with a big smile  by Stephany!!!! Definitely made my day a lot better!!!!I never had a corn beef sandwich in my life until Hatville Deli. IT WAS AMAZING! The sauce was good, the beef was good, and the bread was perfect. Couldn't have asked for a better first time corn beef sandwich experience haha. Wish we had something like Hatville Deli in the DC area. 
The staff was so friendly even though they were busy!!Everytime I come in the city this place doesn't disappoint.  My corn beef sandwich is always on point.  Get extra coleslaw and you're in heaven.  I'm salivating just thinking of my sandwich again.  
Hit redo button at this place.  
Love sitting at the counter too,so Nostalgic.The only thing preventing this from being a five star sandwich was that some cruel person put mustard on this masterpiece instead of the mayo I requested. I devoured it anyway. Perfect piles of thinly sliced corned beef on beautiful rye bread.  Now I have no choice  it to go back for another one. The bag of chips were good as well. They weren't like regular chips, the texture was more like a Pringle/funyun.I ordered the corned beef sandwich combo. This came with chips, pickle and a drink. The sandwich had Russian dressing and coleslaw. The coleslaw and dressing really made the sandwich pop! 
The service was extremely fast! I had the meal in less than one minute. The servers were very nice as well. 
They have a bar for you to sit at and allow you to take the food away as well.We were overwhelmed with all of the possibilities at the Reading Terminal Market. We finally selected this counter. There sandwiches looked good and they had a small counter for customers to sit. We had the Lebanon bologna and corned beef combos. The combos included chips and a drink with the sandwich. The sandwiches were served with a pickle. Both sandwiches were good but not necessarily unique. The service was friendly and efficient. The sandwiches were promptly prepared to order. I'd recommend this deli to others.