Fire the cook this food was horrible....Mac and Cheese watered down with zero taste. I can't believe their allowed to serve food.Can I just say this place should consider shutting down. The food is delicious if it comes. I have had bad delivery encounters and like a fool I continued to visit. Today I sat for one hour waiting for my food . I finally decided to call and ask my food status and the girl says " OH I BEEN MEANING TO CALL YOU, THE FOOD ISNT COMING" huh !???? SHE PROCEEDS TO SAY TO ME THE DELIVERY GUY WONT BE IN UNTIL 12:30 WHEN DO YOU WANT IT? I said NOW (KEEP IN MIND ITS 12:12 18 MINS FROM 12:30 ) SHE SAYS WELL HE ISNT COMING UNTIL 12:30 I THOUGHT YOU SAID NOW? My thoughts were: Hoe are you being funny??? Where is Ashton kutcher??? I must be on tv. SHE THEN SAYS YOU WANT ME TO TELL THEM TO MAKE IT ? Ummm wait so Its been an hour and my food isn't even on the dam stove!! ??? I cant even finish the story or this will turn into a book. I was LIVID no food and out 38 bucks. They have no shame for their beyond terrible customer service !!!! They deserve NEGATIVE FIVE STARS! Im appalled at the conversation I had with her!!!Good soul food. I ordered via Uber eats and had the fried wings , Mac , greens and a ice tea! Food was very tasteful.. cooked just right. Taste great. My tea was a little sweet but I'm not a sugar person. I absolutely recommend them.I loved my turkey wings and greens there were so seasoned so well and made freshly, it reminded me of a home cooked meal. It was made before I got their and the cashier was great and kept me inform about my food! I really like this restaurant and I will be ordering from themLiterally just received my food Im pretty much livid. I was in the shower so my fiancé answered the door to receive our order. I come out within 30seconds only to see my large cabbage which was 5.50 was not delivered. I quickly looked at my receipt to see if maybe they didn't realize which is already impossible because it was placed via Eat24 so they receive what ever you click on and confirm and pay for. I had my fiancé rush out to see if the guy had left 5 mins later my fiancé returns with 3 bucks . I ask what that is for he says the delivery guy gave it to him after talking with someone at the store. My issue is just like they look up and prepare my order and charge my card for the order they could have taken the time to see I ordered the large. 2.50 is not going to break my bank but who wants to give out free money ???? Even worse WHY NOT have the guy go back to the store like I thought he would do and get my order???? I dont want a refund I want what I freaking ordered . I try to support local businesses But I will not be ordering delivery from here again unless I like paying for things I don't receive. On a positive note I am updating to say the food that did arrive was DELICIOUS. Definitely pick your items up in store if your order from here so that you can verify on the spot.This is my second time ordering from them and their food is DELICIOUS!!!! Delivery is on time.. Don't have to wait long.. Depending on what you ordered .. But Sweet potatoes are sweet.. Broccoli seasoned perfect... Cabbage (omg).. Turkey wings excellent not dry.. Bake chicken okay... Seafood Mac and cheese (OMG) I would recommend them to anyone who love that southern style soul food. I just wish I could try there banana crumble and banana pudding .. But they're always sold out when I order... But hands down.. 5 stars..I ordered a chicken wing platter with collards and macaroni and cheese. The food was reasonably priced and delicious. The wings were fried to perfection and the Mac and cheese was BAKED. I will definitely be back.I accidentally ordered food from here, and when I say accidentally I mean I added food to my cart unsure if I wanted to actually spend money and wasn't sure what I was in the mood for and wanted to just see how much everything came out to, and accidentally hit place order and couldn't figure out how to cancel lol. So I ordered lemon pepper wings collards greens mac and cheese and I am SO HAPPY I DID everything was soooooo good the cornbread was amazing I wish I got more but the portions were extremely generous, the lemon pepper wings were the best I've found in Philly so far and the collars greens were yummmm. Mac and cheese also orettt impressive and I will continue to order from here whenever I am craving soul food.OMG, this place is amazing. The food is just fantastic. I try not to effuse too often, but seriously this is the best soul food I've had in Philly.  The greens are fantastic.  they make this chicken with rice dish, that they call general Tao's chicken.  It's really good as well.  The whitting fish is thoroughly tender and juicy. Their chicken fingers are handmade. Their baked macaroni and cheese also fantastic. I was particularly impressed with the greens, because it's really hard to make them well. They are exactly what they're supposed to taste like: sweet, succulent, tangy, but not bitter. I'm still giving it 5 stars, even though the first time I ordered it took 2 hours to get here.  The food is that good!  
Actually,  the second order came right on time. And they were really nice when I dealt with them about the lateness. So stars.  Oh, and they deliver to Upper Darby and are on GrubHub.I just ordered from this place and the food was awful accept the cornbread the cornbread was excellent. The wings and fries were cold the breading on the wings was falling off they were greasy and rubbery like they just came out the microwave as well as our Whitting! The mac and cheese was edible but cold the green beans were from a can and were disgusting. I'm really disappointed that this place fell off. We won't be patronizing this establishment any longer.Total waste of money! My chicken was bloody and smelled weird. Macaroni and cheese taste like boxed kraft macaroni the yams weren't sweet and had a thick jelly sauce on them. This is me shredding threw the chicken with the fork. Was not edibleOrder from here regularly and never disappointed. The one time they gave me the wrong side, they refunded the price of my platter. Very happy with the service received.My first time trying them and I am so glad that I did! After checking out the pictures and reviews I figured they were worth a shot.
These fried lemon pepper shrimp are delicious! Well battered and seasoned! Nice big shrimp too! I tried their sweet potatoes and cabbage as well. The sweet potatoes are good and the cabbage could use a little more seasoning but still good. Nice size portions as well. I received my order roughly an hour after placing it. I did speak with someone from the restaurant and the young lady was polite.
All and all, I will be ordering from them again.My First Time, and I must say pretty good In spite of other reviews, I got the Lemon Pepper Chicken, Collard Greens and Mac & Cheese. The only request for myself is a little less of the  ingredients they use to create the Lemon Flavor, Oh!!! And a larger piece of cornbread, I like it better than most soul food restaurants so I need moreOrdered two platters via UberEATS food was hot and tasty .. both platters had greens which were tasty but tooooo salty !! I couldn't even continue to eat them .. all food was fresh and I'd def order again just skip the greens this timeTerrible delivery over an Hour food was ok at best Luke worm not worth the money go somewhere else just simply bad bad bad terribleAn updated review the food is delicious. When and if you receive it. I have ordered items that never arrived I have waited 1.5 hrs for delivery. The two stars are because of these errors that could easily be fixed if the establishment took the time to review the order before it leaves the kitchen. If you want to be sure you are getting what you asked for the best thing to do is to pick it up. If customer service was on point and managed properly this place would easily become a 4 or maybe even 4.5 stars restaurant.Ordered food. Called the restaurant after waiting 1hr. No answer by that time I hadn't realized the Restaurant was closing soon. Sent Yelp a inquiry twice no response within reasonable timeYet another business with good food and shitty service. 
Great. Just what the world needed more of. 
Decided to order from here based off recommendations from a few people who've tried it. Checked them out, menu was just meh in my opinion. Certain platters looked overpriced for portion sizes but I thought hey quality over quantity right? Then I saw that they sold this brand of banana pudding I'd seen on Instagram a few times and being the banana pudding connoisseur that I am that confirmed that I would be ordering. Yup, a whole meal ordered for me to meet the minimum to get this dessert. 
Shortly after ordering I received a order confirmation call letting me know the banana pudding was not in stock and they wanted to know if I'd like to switch it out for crumble. I toyed with the idea of cancelling the order altogether since the item I really wanted wasn't in stock but thought hey - I'll just try something new. At the worst it's just a 1-star Yelp review right? Go figure!
After giving me a really inconsistent description of what did not sound appealing at all I declined the crumble and told them they could just refund that portion. The woman then let's me know that since I prepaid they don't refund only exchange. Oh, well that's interesting because I've never been to a place that said oh hey-we're out of stock but you can take this or nothing. I politely informed the worker that if she did not want to reimburse the charge I would just contact eat24 to do it. No way am I paying for an item I don't want due to unavailability on their part. 
The nightmare continues. Ordered at 6pm. Expected delivery at 7pm. Jump forward to 7:30 - still no food. Receive an update and am ASSURED that my food is out for delivery and expected in less than 10 minutes. 8pm still no food. It takes 30 minutes to get someone on the phone to which the woman informs the eat24 rep that she "forgot" to put in this order and it was never actually made. Two phone calls for updates and you didn't realize that a hour + ago? Interesting. 
Like many other Black businesses, they fail to realize that customer service includes not only how you conduct yourself and your business but also how you manage the services you offer. The fact that I had no food after having my order confirmed via phone, "updated" several times and oh yeah even out for "delivery" for two hours is just completely inexcusable. Real time delivery: 9:46pm. Total time of this process? Pushing damn near FOUR hours. 
At no point did the restaurant attempt to contact me or reconcile the situation. I won't even get into what the food did or didn't taste like because realistically, there is no food so "good" that it's worth having to order at lunch time to be assured you will have dinner. I will not be attempting to try this restaurant ever again. Service this bad is just distasteful and undeserving of my little bit of coins.This review will be based off of multiple visits and different foods each time. 
The first time dining here, I ordered with a coworker and had the food delivered. Since it was the first time, I decided to go all out, went with the BBQ Short Ribs, mac & cheese and collard greens, and a homemade Iced Tea. The ribs were extremely tender, extremely flavorful, and fall off the bone. The mac & cheese was extra cheesy, just the way i like it. Honestly. I have never had collard greens before, so I had nothing to compare it too. but they were delicious. Just enough juices to not dry it out, and it wasn't bitter at all, very flavorful. Good enough for me to order yet again. 
The 2nd time was also an order with a coworker. However, this time I had gotten the lamb chops. Flavor-wise, it was delicious. The chops were on the smaller side, and they were a little well done and overcooked for my taste buds.  but still good. I went with the same sides as the previous visit.
The 3rd time was a pick up order coming home from work. I went with 2 order of wings, lemon pepper and garlic Parmesan. The wings themselves were a good size and fried perfectly. The lemon pepper wasn't overly seasoned or over lemony, it was just right. The garlic Parmesan wings aren't for the faint of heart. For me, It wasn't overly garlicly or cheesy, but those who aren't prepared for it should be ready for the flavor burst. 
Overall, the food is delicious and I enjoy everything I have gotten there. When I walk in, everyone is always smiling and very welcoming. The only thing is sometimes delivery can take a long time. I know they are coming to Ardmore, but it shouldn't take well over 1.5 hours to deliver.Placed the order at 6:20 with delivery time to be at 7:10. To say the least the order didn't arrive until 8:10.  Even after calling at 7:40 I was told the order would be  here in 10 more minutes.  It was 30 minutes.  It was reported to me the driver left at 7:20. To say the least my food was barely luke warm. I would not recommend delivery from them. The cabbage they gave a star for lacked seasoning of salt or pepper.  The mac and cheese was very soggy.I had the pan seared salmon with sweet potatoes and green beans it ok. The salmon was seasoned nice and cooked perfectly but the sides were very unimpressive. The staff were very courteous. I may give them another shot.I had the pan seared salmon with sweet potatoes and green beans it ok. The salmon was seasoned nice and cooked perfectly but the sides were very unimpressive. The staff were very courteous. I may give them another shot. ***UPDATE*** I called this place 20 minutes before closing first someone picks up and hangs up on me than I get hi yea we aren't taking anymore orders for the night. I just really wish places would say they are closed at 8:30 instead of 9!!! You guys have a page on every social media outlet why don't you updAte your hours. ThanksThe food was ok. I had the lamb platter with Mac and cheese, broccoli and rice with some sort of sauce. The sauce was meh but everything else was good. My wife had the fried chicken breast platter with Mac and cheese and sweet potatoes. She said that the chicken was cooked good but was a little on the salty side. Her sides were good. Overall it was a good meal. #meh #itsaightMy food was late. I called the restaurant to check on the status of my order and a very rude girl answered the phone. When my food finally arrived, it was cold. The fish was rubbery, mac & cheese had no flavor and worst of all the potato salad had hard uncooked potatoes inside! Don't buy anything from here except the house wings. That's the only winner on this menu. I'm only giving three stars because those house wings are amaziiiiing.Food is pretty decent
However, the customer service is horrible.
You'll get a 1 out of 10 chances of someone picking up the phone.
And if you want delivery they will have you wait at least  an hr and a half to 2 hrs. 
And for the price they should do better..The food was not great, the fried chicken wings look good but we're not fried hard enough. The macaroni and cheese was fairly good 2 maintain a business collard greens were not good sweet potatoes smelled very good yet the texture was not good. Pan seared salmon not bad at all nice and dark on the outside very moist on the inside. I guess what needs to be improved its flavor not one thing popped. Expected delivery time was perfect.I ordered  the half and half, wings and shrimp. My sides were Mac and Cheese and sweet potatoes. The lady that took my order was very pleasant and made it exactly how I wanted it, lemon pepper wings ( dry seasoning not the wet) my food was huge portions with plenty to share. The platter was almost 20.00 a little expensive but it was good. I would go back again and try other things on the menu.Food was really good and wait staff was nice and helpful. One recommend the salmon with Mac n cheese so I had that and I also tried the sweet potatoes. Salmon was cooked perfect and very flavorful. I am very picky about my Mac n cheese but this one did not disappoint and the sweet potatoes had just the right sweetness. I will be visiting again next time I am in town.After several visits, my feelings are the same.... Hit OR Miss! Unfortunately my misses outweigh the hits. Today was the last straw! I ordered my usual lemon pepper wing platter with potato salad and collard greens totaling $12.42. I feel like I paid for expensive collard greens as it was the only thing edible. The wings has TOO much salt on them! Too much salt! Did i mention that they had TOO much salt? I mean to the point where it was too much to consume. I felt my heart rate accelerate with each bite. The potato salad which is ALWAYS delicious in my opinion didn't quite seem fresh as usual. I didn't take any chances because I didn't want to get sick if the mayo was old :( I called to alert them before someone else experience the same thing. I didn't feel like driving back to get a replacement meal (not that it was offered) so I just took the loss. This will be my last time ordering.Order at your own risk!!! Bbq chicken is burnt, baked chicken tastes like hospital cafeteria food, cake was stale, and even when you call in for pickup you are still waiting for ever for their service. I will not be supporting this place. I will start going to Rose Petals or other black owned establishments in Northwest Philly.This one star is here by default however well deserved the food is pretty good for what it is. But this has to be the worst customer service I have ever received in my life. Instead of just being honest and saying they forgot about my order or it was mishandled, the manager of the establishment insisted that my order did not go through because I order online, and that perhaps E24 was having issues. I have both order confirmation via email as well as on the app. This is also the 4th time I've placed and order online, all of which have made it to the restaurant. The restaurant also updated the delivery time twice on E24.
In the 2 min of speaking with the manager, she gave me attitude for calling in about a order I placed almost 2hrs prior. Any manager would have been upset as well if their establishment did not receive a order on a service they use to run a big portion of their business revenue. Not once did she offer to make my food. I will not be ordering here again. If I could offer a suggestion, they shouldn't offer delivery. But then again when I order pickup it took just as long. Their unorganized and poorly managed. It takes them 1hr+ to platter-up reheated food. This place is a joke. Do yourself a favor and save yourself some time, go buy the groceries and make dinner yourself before ordering here. You can buy pretty good food anywhere, buy from somewhere with good service.I ordered turkey chops (see pic below)what I got was undercooked turkey wings , weird tasting potato salad and cheese less macaroni. Now mind you this was cinco de mayo so while perhaps being unable to legally operate a vehicle I was able to discern that this food was certainly not worth the $21.00 paid for it. Advice to owners, just stop.The food is really good. We had the whiting sandwich, greens, and seafood mac n cheese. They were all really good. Delivery came in 40 minutes. However, if you order online for delivery, call them first. The delivery person doesn't show up until 12pm. It seems that they don't know if they are going to come or not so they do not even prepare the order unless he comes. That's why they get 3 stars. You can't have the option for delivery and online ordering with the added option of specifying delivery time and PayPal payment and not even know if the delivery person will show up. They did call me and let me know the order was being prepared because the person showed up.This place is a hit or miss sometimes I order and I love the food and than other times it's horrible like today my lamb chops were pink inside and the rice was hard I was very disappointed.Delicious! Very impressed. I ordered delivery via Uber Eats and am so happy I chose this place! I ordered the fried chicken wings, broccoli, sweet potatoes, and a sweet tea. Everything was great. Chicken was cooked just right, broccoli well cooked and seasoned, and the sweet potatoes were perfect. The sweet tea topped it all off! Brought home cooked to hotel. Thanks :)I meant to post a review on Haverford Grill a few weeks ago, but today I found the time to do so. I happen to live in the neighborhood, and finally decided to give this restaurant a try. I Placed an order through Ubereats for a  baked Turkey Wing Platter with Mac & cheese, with Collard Greens. To be Honest, I never cared for Turkey wings since I was a kid, and shockingly I ENJOYED them !!! The turkey wings were tender & savory, baked perfectly. The Mac & Cheese, Greens were good as well. I'm not a big fan of cornbread but it taste pretty decent. I would have to give this meal a 4.5 Stars !!!    
Now I did make recent order & was so disappointed.  BBQ chicken Thigh & Leg Platter with Mac & cheese, collard greens with a side of BBQ party wings.  The Skin on the baked BBQ chicken was rubbery & awful. When I removed the skin, the chicken was extremely bland. Whatever BBQ sauce was used, was a little too sweet in my opinion. The sides were Okay, but not like my 1st experience. My Friend complained how her BBQ Party wings were fried too hard, which made them a bit inedible. This Meal gets a negative -1 Star from me. 
Not sure If I would give them another chance in the near future, anything is possible.Ordered food via door dash.     Order received without an item.  Restaurant wouldn't refund or send out item.  Two entrees received with order.
My order the Turkey wings weren't cooked all the way through...food not that great.
Won't refer or patronize again.Order the lemon pepper shrimp, mac and cheese, and sweet tea. Sweet tea was my favorite item.  Mac wasn't too bad but probably better if paired with a good protein.  Shrimp- skip.Just because you can cook for your family does NOT mean you should start a restaurant. We got 2 dinners, lemon pepper wing dings with 2 sides and the honey bbq wings with 2 sides. The lemon pepper wings was not at all seasoned, then got the nerve to charge $.50 for flavor ha. The yams was ard and so was the Mac n cheese. I'm big on presentation and it was not at all pleasing to the eye. The first thing I saw through the bag was the BURNT cornbread. It was small so I thought they were being nice and giving a sample slice of cake (I ordered grubhub) but it was that burnt ass cornbread. Aside from the side and bottom it was good tho, I'm no hater... The bbq chicken was good. O and they pissed me off giving me 2 flats outta 8 pieces of chicken especially when I hate drummies, but yea. My man got cabbage and potatoes as his sides and they were tasty. All I can say is, you get what you pay for. I won't be ordering from here again. I gave them a chance because sometimes online ppl knit pick bout the smallest things, but they were tellin the truth. You've been warned, order at your own risk.This is a small but delicious place not to be missed. I found this place last year & they have been very consistent w their food. Will definitely be a long time customer.Went here last week with my fam when we were in town for a funeral. We asked a local where we could get some good soul food and they recommend this place. We ate here two days in a row!
The wings and shrimp combo was LITTY. Party in my mouth. Get the shrimp in the garlic parmesan seasoning - straight fire.
The turkey chop was juicy on the inside, crispy on the outside.
Loved the mac and cheese, loved the yams + the cabbage was okay.
The cornbread tastes like sugary cake, but that's exactly how I like it! 
Dawn took our orders. She was so sweet and got everything right (we had a large group). The slim girl with short hair and tattoos was also super friendly!
Parking can be spotty esp at busy times!Food is reasonably priced and very good! The staff are very nice and offer good advice.Yummy! The lemon pepper wings are super tasty, the roasted chicken is satisfying, the collards are just the way I like them, tender but not mushy, the potato salad is worth saving for lunch the next day if you can, and the mashed  potatoes with gravy, well, don't try to tell me nothing tastes as good as being thin. Moist and sweet cornbread--save it for dessert. Delicious comfort food.Usually their food is great. I ordered double Mac and cheese with fried chicken wings,  beef short ribs and double potato  salad.  The mac and cheese  had areas that were cold due to not being warmed properly along with the cornbread being cold also.  The beef short ribs were cold and needed to be warmed, the potato  salad was not edible. My husband was not able to consume and he is not a picky eater.  I called the order in and drove 40 minutes to pick it up just to have to wait an additional 10 minutes. I was advised by the lady at the front desk that she would talk to them about properly heating the food and that the cornbread is cold because they don't warm it,  they just let it sit out.  I've ordered and had the food delivered and cornbread has always been warm and edible not cold. Even of they do let the cornbread sit out it should not have felt like it was straight from the refrigerator.  I paid this time but don't know when I'll be backOrdered 2 platters, very disappointed. The lamb chops were extremely over seasoned, the whole point is to taste the lamb. Then they had this brilliant idea to have a overly salted sauce on top them. Lamb was also over cooked. $20 for a low quality meal. That's not the worse part, the other platter was turkey wings and the wing tips were very rubbery and pink. They looked gross. I believe they thought the gravy would hide this undercooked poultry. I had to put the wings back in the oven to make sure I did not get sick. It's a wrap for me. I got cheated out of $40+  not everyone is meant to cook and sell their food.We usually order through DoorDash and over the past 4-5 months we can tell there has been a decline in the quality of food. The past few times I've order my Mac and cheese has been overly salty and not as cheesy as it used to be. The salmon platter was decent no complaints. The cornbread used to be so moist and buttery it was almost addictive but it's been coming to us burnt and dry. I LOOOOVE their iced tea but every time I order more than one I only get one with my order and it's a shame. Haverford has always been our go to for a home style meal when we're low on time but if we continue to see this lack of care we will stop ordering.So, we ordered from this place twice both through uber Eats. First experience was meh, because they did not add our Turkey wings. Sooo disappointed.  When we tried to call them, no on answered either numbers. However we emailed them and someone replied. But the situation was never resolved. Ugh. None the less that evening I just had my double side of cabbbage, cornbread minus the smothered Turkey wings  
So, after hunger strikes again, a short 3 weeks later, had a taste for some soul food, so we said what the hell,  lets try them again...ordered my smothered turkey wings, mac n cheese, sweet potatoes and greens with a cornbread on the side.  
The collard greens were slamming, the Turkey wings were pretty good, a few were dry but the gravy kinda saved it, the sweet potatoes were really dry (keep your water close, or omit altogether) I am thinking they keep this under a light or in the oven way to long, the mac n cheese had gravy in it, which some may like but I would not order again, cornbread was moist and good, but those greens were slamming 
Which was the reason for 3 stars. Will I order from them again ‍ um probably (just for greens and cornbread and maybe the turkey wings only), will I recommend, probably, but with caution. 
Hope this helpsI like this little place! I have family in the area and I first ordered from here a few years ago--large portions, good food, and the taste is consistent, which I appreciate. The wings are good and my son swears by their short rib. I don't recommend the mac and cheese, which is a favorite of mine, so, I had to give them 4 stars.The food was tasty but wayy too salty in my opinion, esp since I asked for not too much salt. Portion and price were good, but less salt is needed (esp for mashed potatoes)I've rated this place a 1 star due to their horrible sides it's 2020 you should always be implementing in flavor and well cooked food . Their baked MAC was served to me OVERCOOKED it was disgusting!!!! Their Yams DIsgusting!!! I'm here writing this to save y'all money !! They need to work on their recipes!!!!!No matter what delivery service a customer utilize, they are beyond late and wait to the last minute to tell you, their out of an item. They make it difficult to support black own businesses. I spoke to the staff on quite a few occasions, in hopes of improving customer service. Based on my history making purchases this merchant could care less. It was the door dash driver responsibility to tell the customer they were out of an item, with a 45 minute delay the merchant should've been calling because my number is in the system from previous orders. In honor of Black History month this merchant doesn't deserve the Black Excellence Award. My rating is based on customer service and the quality of old food disguised as fresh. So disappointed in the merchant in my community.I never come to Yelp to compliment or complain but my boyfriend and I ordered from here today via UberEats and we were both VERY pleasantly surprised. He got the General Tso Salmon w/ Mac&Cheese and Greens and I got the BBQ Chicken w/ Mac&Cheese and Sweet Potatoes.  We also both got iced tea. The platters were PACKED and piping hot. Each item was SO flavorful, perfectly cooked and overall delicious, including the homemade iced tea. I've seen other reviews regarding lack of consistency but I will absolutely be ordering from here again and I hope it's just as good next time!The food was absolutely horrible! Fish was dry & smelled weird. Cornbread was burnt, it was black!
The Mac & cheese was so dry. I would never order anything from here again!Where to start...
Me and my friend ordered lemon pepper wings, mild wings, smothered turkey chops with sides: mac n cheese, cabbage & collard greens, green beans, mashed potatoes with gravy, and sweet potatoes. This came with cornbread and we also got a banana crumble, a lemon cake and two sweet teas. NOT A SINGLE THING WAS DISAPPOINTING. I don't know what those beans were flavored with but damn were they delicious. I have never cleared a plate so fast in my life. 
We ordered via DoorDash and even with delivery pickup we still got everything pretty quickly and it was all cooked to perfection. 
I honestly want to call the restaurant tell them how good this was but I don't want it to be weirdThe food was okay. The one thing I didn't like was the potato salad. It was prepared and put in individual servings and placed in refrigerator. It seemed old. It was molded to the container, not very good and completely unexpected. I've ordered soul food from other places. The sides were part of the platter and you could tell it was freshly made. 
I'm a potato salad connoisseur. 
I won't order from there again.I wound up in this area recently on a Sunday looking for a bite. Yelp pointed me here. 
I went for the wings with the house sauce with sweet potato and collard greens. While I found the wings to be tasty and the sauce worthy, I thought the portion was a bit skimpy. 
The sweet potatoes were excellent though, and we might have the best collard greens I've ever tasted. 
I have a feeling I might have been more satisfied with another choice of entree.  But they are worthy on taste alone.Yesterday, I had a craving for soul food and this was my choice. It's kinda dark inside and the store front needs a make over. I've never seen this restaurant and I'm frequently on Haverford ave. 
You're more likely to get greeted by a fly before the cashier acknowledges you. The desserts are delicious, banana crumb... Yum!!! 
BBQ wings fall off the bone tender. If you like crisp skin, these aren't for you. The Mac & cheese had a even amount of cheese and macaroni, very good. The yams will burst a vein, there has to be 100 grams of sugar in one serving. Lol I don't know what it's called, maybe nutmeg. It overpowers the flavor of the yams. I'd go back but I'll avoid the yams.Food is inconsistent each time I order. Some days you get good food other days you may get dry hard food other days it's salty. If you like taking chances, you can order from here.I ordered thru door dash and one of my platters were completely wrong I ordered 1 dozen of garlic parmesan with 2 sides i recieved garlic parm wings .... Two total different prices ...... this is the second time I had a dilemma with this restaurant and door dash the first i was missing an item ... and since the food was tasteful I decided to order again for a second time .... i have not received an replacement order or has my money been refunded..I order from here at least twice per month. I love the general tso chicken (GT) but i don't order it much because it comes with two sides but i'd rather just have all GT. My go to is the chicken fingers or crab cakes. The french fies could be cooked longer so I don't order them. The cake is amazing aleays moist. I love their mashed potatoes and the greens also the greens and cabage mix. The sweet potatoes are hit or miss but overall I have enjoyed everything Ive eaten. Only had an issue once when I ordered 2 of something but only got one but doordash refunded my money.Some of the nastiest sides I've had to date. They don't follow instructions when ordering and evidently can't count when you order 2 if anything. How can you get the written word messed up but let's talk about those sides. The greens and cabbage was good. But the mac, sweet potatoes and potatoes salad disgusting. The turkeys chops were well seasoned but they forgot the gravy which was clearly printed on the menus along with 2 extra pieces of cornbread. My daughter enjoyed the fried wings but again I paid for whole meals not just meat. Never again. So sad when it starts out good and 2-3 years later it's nasty. I've stopped eating 15 minutes ago and I'm still picking celery seeds out of my mouth. Wasted almost 50$ on trash....I asked for my wings to be fried hard they came soggy and it's not fried at all. My turkey wings was overcooked.I just had the short rib platter with Mac n cheese and cabbage. Sides were ok. Beef ribs were disgusting. Rubbery, completely over cooked. Threw in the trash after one bite.Quickly becoming my favorite place for wings! Portion and prices are fair. Food is good. Sides are amazing. This southern guy is happy to have some comfort food that reminds me of home. Tonight I had teriyaki and they are a close second favorite to their lemon pepper!Today I ordered baked chicken platter with cabbage and Mac and cheese I like the food... however I ordered my husband Parmesan wings and he hates it he said it doesn't taste like Parmesan he also had Mac and cheese and mashed potatoes and he doesn't like it at all... 
My husband is not satisfied what so ever... 
This restaurant still needs help somebody please recommend him to a better cook! ASAPNot only does this place has some of the worst reviews I've ever seen on a restaurant, they get services done at their restaurant, and never pay the contractors. Over and over again this guy has had every excuse not to pay his bill HE IS A CROOK. Do NOT support this mans restaurant. The food sucks anyway, read the reviews.No matter what delivery service a customer utilize, they are beyond late and wait to the last minute to tell you, their out of an item. They make it difficult to support black own businesses. I spoke to the staff on quite a few occasions, in hopes of improving customer service. Based on my history making purchases this merchant could care less. It was the door dash driver responsibility to tell the customer they were out of an item, with a 45 minute delay the merchant should've been calling because my number is in the system from previous orders. In honor of Black History month this merchant doesn't deserve the Black Excellence Award. My rating is based on customer service and the quality of old food disguised as fresh. So disappointed in the merchant in my community.Okay, so I ordered from here again. Why? I don't know I guess hunger makes us do some strange thangs. As I was ordering I knew it was the wrong thing to do. Like giving that guy one mo chance when you KNOW he's gonna do you wrong. 
Once again I received the wrong order, restaurant was out of stock desserts and delivered me hairy chicken wings that I'm sure couldn't have possibly been cleaned well to miss such a large tuft. Burnt, dry cornbread it just seemed like everything was terribly rushed and mismanaged. Extended delivery times led to them being 40 mins later than the original estimated time. I ended up throwing this order in the trash. Luckily I was able to get my order refunded again (UberEats). I'm done. Like really done this time. I don't wanna hear no whispers of sweet nothings about this place. I can't be convinced to see the good in you anymore.  I know I deserve better and I'm leaving! No more HSG. No more.Food was very underwhelming not really good at all. The wings I had were disappointing and the lemon flavor sauce was overpowered seasoned with lemon no pepper! The garlic parm shrimp were caked up with parm. Whoever the cook is must be a neighborhood favorite and a few aunts and uncles said the food was so good and they thought it was good enough to open a restaurant. This seems to be the situation with my people. Folks go to culinary school for 6 months graduate and swear they're f'n chefs!! Please train your cooks read books or watch videos and serve quality food! I wasted $54 ordering from this f'n place! Small ass wings!!Wanted to support black owned during Juneteenth Celebration. Arrived at 7 because they were so busy and phones went unanswered. By 7:15 we decided to go in side to place order. Staff was very polite. We placed a large $80 order. Enough for the weekend. So assumed it might take some time. But after 2 hrs of waiting outside we had enough. They kept saying almost ready, but ready never came. We asked for our money back. They happily obliged. I guess business is good our business wasn't necessary.  Nice staff but every person who ordered waited an hour or more.I was not impressed by this place at all...& it's a shame b/c it's walking distance from where I live & I would definitely frequent it often if it had been good. I had the lamb chops, mac and collards. It was unremarkable. I've definitely had better.The food here is awesome. It is perfectly seasoned. My only issues is  every time I order, they forget something. Last time it was the sweet potatoes and today it was the cornbread.