This place is amazing and has delicious food, highly recommend! My friends and I enjoyed their mango lassi, chicken biryani, chilly fish, naan, lamb curry, samosas, and vegetable pakora. Everything tasted great, I especially loved the chicken biryani and vegetable pakora! This is one of my favorite places to get food from in Philly! The restaurant has a warm and welcoming atmosphere, thank you to Tina! Perfect for safe indoor dining or easy takeout!I ordered from here and came to pick up my foo on a Saturday night. And it was kind of a hot mess. I waited 50 minutes for an order that was supposed to be ready when I. Got there. There wasn't enough workers. And the waiters were all stressed and didn't know what was going on.
I think the bus boy was helping too. Don't come hereThis is my first 5 star review to any Indian restaurant in Philadelphia, Pa. I must say that every food item I ordered in menu was perfect and way far better than my expectation as it was my first time visit at Haveli Virasat and I must admit that it is the best Indian food I have ever had in USA. Service was excellent. Ambiance is classy. If somebody visit here will never get disappointed. We were 7-8 people last night and we ordered bunch of different appetizers and main course and everything was 5 star. My other friends were like wow and so delicious on everything we ordered. We all are food lovers and explore different restaurants but this is so far the best. Owner is chef and he is also very polite, humble and best cook.Yeah this place is solid, and beats all the competition in U City. Looking forward to ordering again soon.Wow-- food here is absolutely incredible
Ordered late on Friday for pick up. Yelp's hours were incorrect but they took my order anyways and I'm so grateful. Got samosas, dosa, lamb biryani, chicken 65, and fried fish. I also added a mango lassi. 
Everything was hot, delicious, and in big portions. I'll be happily eating leftovers for a while
So happy I decided to try this and maybe wait to go back. Not sure if they do catering but I'm definitely going to convince my office to order from here in the near futureAbsolutely delighted to find a local Indian restaurant that clearly labels every item to indicate whether it is vegan/gluten free! I found the rice to be a bit dry, but everything else was delicious. I will definitely be coming back to explore the menu further!Wow.  Just, Wow.  The flavor of this food, the spices.  Fresh. Beautiful. Dal Tadka, Saag Paneer, Paneer Tikka Masala, sweet and savory Kashmiri Naan, Indo-chinese noodles with chicken.... I live around the corner from this place - thank god!!!!  We have only ordered twice but so far have been blown away.  Even the chutneys.  Seriously, you have to try this restaurant.  And while you might not consider it after a potential heavy meal - their cakes are to die for.  Light as a feather and delicious.   So far we've had mango cake and pineapple cake.  Chocolate will be my next order....Order food from here, you will be SO HAPPY.It's rare that I give a 5 star restaurant review but this place was on point. Let's talk...
I ordered the lamb curry, that HUGE crepe in front called masala dosa and a mango lassi ( which didn't make an appearance in this photo because I drank it before the meal arrived).
The Lamb Curry: Ordering lamb dishes is always a hit or miss for me because many lamb dishes I've tried were cheap cuts of mostly fat. This dish was definitely a hit. The lamb was sooo tender and lean. The curry sauce was aromatic and well seasoned. The server even asked me my preference of spice level and it was perfectly mild. So filling that the other half was to go.
Masala Dosa: This big ol' crepe was way beyond my expectations. I wanted to try something new and this thing could feed 20. It's was light and crispy and the center was filled with potatoes and lentils. Chile...I did even make it to the center of the dosa. The rest was placed in a to go box.
Mango Lassi: I love this drink and they did not disappoint. It was cold, creamy, with hints of cardamom and fresh mangoes and just the right amount of sweetness. It was garnished with tiny pieces of mango.
It's been a while since I've been to a really good Indian restaurant.
I was contemplating going to Thanal but this restaurant right here got my business.This is the best Desi food I've ever had. Nothing was bad. A1 restaurant with A1 service. TJ was very catering and helpful. Definitely visit this place if have a chance.Had a beautiful traditional decor and music playing. Very kind service, and the waitress explained the dishes to us very kindly and took her time with us. We had a great time at Haveli as we got our food pretty quickly and well paced for appetizers and entrees. The appetizers and entrees were all very good, we had no complaints the food was VERY DELICIOUS, we ordered the Gobi Manchurian and Chicken Lollipops that were just mouthwatering!!!Amazing food, great service and beautiful decor!
I love that they serve food in earthen clay pots which literally enhances the quality of the food!I'm so glad I found this place, it's definitely been a go to of mine during the pandemic for takeout! The biryani is a staple order, no matter what kind you get, the portions are always huge and such a good deal. Not only that, it's so flavorful and well seasoned and it's the only authentic tasting biryani I've tried from an Indian place in Philly. I've also tried some of their other menu options, all of which were great and I love that they have Indo-Chinese options! Definitely worth ordering from here the next time you crave Indian food!I rarely leave reviews, but I had never heard of this place and we had such a great time! We ordered the masala dosa, malai kebab, and chili noodles. All the food was tasty and easily shareable, as many dishes come with tongs and they bring empty plates. Lots of variety on the menu, with everything from South Indian to Indo-Chinese to street food. Everything was well-priced, the atmosphere was great, and the service was also very friendly and prompt. We had a young male server who was so funny and made our experience that much better! He recommended the orange ice cream (orange peels stuffed with Indian ice cream), which was unique and really good. Such a great addition to University City--we'll definitely be back!Went last Saturday for the first time. It was excellent. We ordered Achari Gosht, Chili Fish (it's great to find a place for Indo-Chinese food!), and two breads. Everything was great, and the service was good too. We'll be back for sure, as they have a big menu with lots of stuff to try.Exceptional Indian food. Perhaps the best we have tasted in the region (greater Philly and mid/southern NJ). Each dish was as if I had visited a home of a family member in India. Had a virtual Ratatouille moment upon having the Lamb Saag. My mom had a catering business for 30 years where she cooked and oversaw every dish prepared for Indian events in our area. This place lives up to the standards that she had for her food. You could taste the quality in the ingredients and how they were cooked. Have found a gem we will be returning to as our go-to for an Indian fix. Thanks for the great culinary experience!So Philly folks in the know should know that West Philly/U City has the most authentic Indian food places in town. I've ordered in from here a few times now and I think there's a new contender for the best Indian place around.
First off these guys have a large menu. Normally that worries me but surprisingly multiple things I've tried have been very good! It's definitely more towards the North Indian side but they have some South Indian and Indo Chinese (!!) dishes too.
The chicken tikka masala is a bit on the creamy side but the chicken pieces were actual chicken tikka (unlike some other restaurants which skimp on this!) and were cooked perfectly. Delicious. The Chicken kadai is bone in and a bit oily - but reminds me of how these dishes are done in Pakistani style restaurants. Which is to say the masalas here were perfect. And the chicken curry has so far been my favourite - perfect in every way really. The chicken momos were decent as well (and great to see as not many places even offer this!). And coming to some of the kebabs...
The Tandoori Chicken seasoning here is legit. The kind you would get in any good restaurant back in Delhi! I haven't had Tandoori chicken with such good seasoning anywhere in the US so far. The catch and something easily solvable was that they sell the whole chicken - which means that cooking it just right is a bit tricky. The chicken I got was 95% done but there were some small spots which could have been cooked more. That being said the rest of it was cooked perfectly and it wasn't too dry at all. Offering half sizes could be a good option in the future!
Best of all - the Achari chicken kebab. Now I eye-roll when I see Achari (read: pickles) on menus cause they are usually very weak. The one here is outstanding. You get the achar flavour they went for with the chicken and I'd highly recommend that with whatever else you order.
This is the real deal if you're looking for an excellent Indian restaurant, with great pricing, portions size and most importantly - taste.
PS. If the owners read this - please offer butter chicken at some point? With your dishes so far, I have high hopes that you'd be able to do this dish true justice and not just make it sickeningly sweet unlike most restaurants in the country!This is without a doubt the best Indian restaurant in West Philly. Everything we tried, from the appetizers to the curries and Naan bread, was excellent. The restaurant is beautiful on the inside and the service was great. Highly recommended!Move over people! There's a new sheriff in town. I am so glad we decided to get takeout from this place. Our usual go to Indian places are Thanal and Amma's. But decided to try Haveli. The menu is quite extensive and we wanted to try everything. Definitely ordered for more than 2 meals- Amritsari fish -9/10, Malai Tikka - 9.5/10, chicken Momos- 5/10, Tawa chicken - 8/10 and dum biryani - 7.5/ 10
Packaging was 10/10. 
Can't wait to try everything from this restaurant.I like biryani from virasat and ordered so many times from the day the restaurant was started. This place was my favorite restaurant for egg biryani. My last to pick up for egg biryani was not spicy and felt like eating a plain rice without any flavor. My friend made fun of the biryani that it feels like the plain rice was mixed with oil and turmeric. I thought may be it was because I ordered during the closing time. But same thing happened second time. I was very disappointed.Absolutely delicious food!! Easily some of the best Indian food I have had in Philadelphia. The staff were so pleasant and welcoming. We got the pani poori, amritsari kulcha, garlic naan, masala dosa and goat rogan josh. Each dish exceeded our expectations but we particularly loved the masala dosa! Will most certainly be coming back again.BEST INDIAN FOOD IN TOWN!!!
We've ordered from here twice in three days and literally everything is delicious. Philly finally has momos!!! Their kebabs are amazing including their green chutney which seems to be tough to nail down for the restaurants in the area. Indian Chinese was amazing and so was the biryani, we got the dum option. So many of these things hard to find in the US especially all under one roof. This is our go-to Indian food spot now and I can't wait to try everything on the menu!
Food comes extremely well packaged which I thought was very thoughtfulAMAZING food. From a fellow Paki, I've been looking for that good quality, fresh and delicious authentic desi food.. finally found it and in my hood! Not greasy like other spots and the spice is just right, not watered down like other spots. Jagmeet is a dope waitress and had everything made/adjusted to our liking. My new fave desi spot!!Amazing Restaurant!! The food was fantastic and our server Tina did a great job!!! We will definitely be back!!This place is a new find for me. We live too far away for delivery so picked up. The DAL - TADKA was the best I have had in Philadelphia. The other dishes were great also so just order what appeals to you! Their website has great photos. We called in our order without no problem.
Nice to have this place here especially since Sitar closed.Such yummy, authentic Indian food! (Ditto'd by my South Indian friend as well :)) we also got a rich, creamy, and sweet mango lassi that was the perfect end to a great meal. Loved the decor inside as well!What a hidden gem! Surprised I haven't been here or heard more about it. I came here for a weekend lunch with a couple of friends. The place was pretty quiet and we were seated right away.
Papri Chaat - My friend described these as "Indian Nachos". It was delicious and tasted like chips with sauce, beans, and spices.
Garlic Naan - You can never go wrong with ordering these
Tandoori Chicken - The chicken was a little dry but liked the pickled onions it came with
Lamb Rogan Josh & Lamb Korma - Both delicious and flavorful. The meat was nice and tender.
We also shared a cheese ball dessert. I found it overly sweet and didn't like the consistency. 
Overall, the food was delicious and I highly recommend this spot for Indian food!Great new authentic Indian restaurant! Absolutely loved the food and the service. Be sure to try the Gobi Manchuran, one of the bests I've ever had. And the ascetic was so nice.Food is generally okay but the server is terrible - pure disaster. 
She need to watch how she talks to customer. We asked for boxes to pack the leftover food and she asked "what for"? 
Worst worst worst server. 
Based on food also, not sure how this place has this many 5-star reviews.After getting lamb biryani at 5ish places in philly, this is definitely my favorite one. Huge portions and great price and exquisite use of whole spices. Perfectly flavored and could not be better. The naan is also pretty decent.Delicious food and drinks. Great interior and ambience. We ordered several dosas, chaat, saag paneer that were all prepared quickly and tasted excellent. The chai was also delicious. Highly recommendI absolutely enjoyed every piece of food at this restaurant. The staff were kind and the food was well prepared. My favorite dish was the butter chicken which was perfect with garlic naan and rice. I recommend this to all my friends and family who would enjoy an authentic and delicious South Asian meal.I know I shouldn't assume things because then I make an ass outta u n me , but the man who took my order wasn't remotely Indian - Pakistani - Bengali - anything close - 
I ordered butter chicken aka chefs special - it was done in 5 minutes which was a red flag - he asked, which level of spicy - I figured hot would make me choke so I said medium - 
It tasted like they put ketchup in there to tame the spice which I've seen done at a pizza shop before when hot wings were ordered - I instantly recognized the taste - 
The dish itself tasted like meatballs. 
I knew this was a toss up - but man I'm disappointed. 
But I paid 16 dollars for what actually tasted like a meatball bowl from wawa , if I was blindfolded I would have guessed that. Not to mention I it came with 1 small sized chicken breast cut up. 
The rice was fine but it's not that hard to make rice in the rick cooker.I've been waiting for this place to open for so long! Got our first meal here tonight and everything is excellent! Highly recommend the samosa, chicken keema, mutter paneer and bindi masala. Welcome to the neighborhood!this place makes the best everything.i seen them on uber eats and that they are new so i figured i would take a chance.their chicken masala is delicious and i tried alot of indian restaurants in philly.this is the 2nd one out of all that makes the chicken masala very good.its the only one in university city that has the best indian food.i hope you stay around for a long time and pass out menus all over university city.try apt buildings 43 to 45th walnut to spruce streetsThis is the worst Indian food, or for that matter food that I have had in Philadelphia. Cheap sauce laden with food color, resued oil, and rancid papri in the papri chaat. My husband got a headache for eating it and we tossed out the Papri chaat. The oil in the cauliflower manchurian was resued and old. And th sauce was a cheap red color with aweful taste. Again had to toss it out. my kids would not touch it. The hakka noodle was dry and tasted like the noodle had been cooked and kept aside and just tossed in bad oil and sauce rather than freshly cooked for us. 
Simply saying you're short staffed does not excuse the bad ingredients!
SAVE YOUR MONEY! THIS PLACE DOES NOT KNOW HOW TO COOK FOOD, ,ET ALONE INDIAN FOOD.The best Indian restaurant in Philly!! All dishes are so delicious and you get the authentic feeling of Indian food!! The spices are mild and the consistency in flavor of food is observed whenever you order it, that's the best part of this restaurant! Thank you for your beautiful service.I brought my friends who were visiting from out of town to Virasat. 
The food was quite good! We ordered the samosas (6/10), gobi manchurian (9/10), tandoori chicken (7/10), chiken tikka masala (7/10), and channa masala (6/10). Samosas were good but served on a cold plate, and the samosas got cold quite quickly. The gobi manchurian was my favorite dish BY FAR -- I think it's a must get at this restaurant as the cauliflower and the sauce worked really well together, and even better with the rice. The Chicken tikka masala and channa masala are good, but nothing special. The tandoori chicken had really good toppings and flavor, but they were a bit dry unfortunately.
Definitely the best indian cuisine in university city, although it may be a slightly longer trip than places such as New Delhi and Ekta.So it's not exaggeration but this restaurant serves the best and authentic Indian food in town. Being from New  Delhi India, i can say that every single dish i tried is so amazing and you feel you are in India. Believe me all other Indian restaurants in town even upscale ones like vedas or indeblue are not even close to this restaurant. Most of the Indian restaurants are run by bangladeshi chefs, and apparently they can not cook authentic Indian food
Bottom line is this is one and only Indian restaurant in Philadelphia so farLove this place! I have long been waiting to find a good Indian place in Philly...folks look no more! This is it--the food and presentation are amazing. Flavors are to die for. You will leave happy.One of the the best Indian/Pakistani restaurants in Philly. I came here with a medium-sized group for dinner, and managed to try a lot of the different dishes. 
For the appetizer, we had the Chicken 65 and the Papri Chaat. Both dishes were really good, but the Papri Chaat was my favorite part of the meal. It just had such a diverse flavor profile that I always love from chaat, and the potatoes and wafers gave it such a nice crispy texture. I would definitely come back just for the Papri Chaat.
For entrees, we had the chicken tikka masala, the goat saag, the lamb curry, and the malai kofta, together with some garlic naan. Again, everything was so rich and delicious (which went perfectly with the garlic naan), but my favorite entree was the lamb curry. I'm just a sucker for most lamb dishes. 
The mango lassi was also phenomenal, and was a great way to top the meal. 
On top of the delicious food, this place is also a BYOB place. Must try here in Philly, especially for college students trying to have a good time.This is truly the best Indian food in Philadelphia...and I'm picky! The portions are big too. I love the channa masala, malai kofta, and paneer dishes. Also (plot twist) best  cake...I've ever had (the "mango pastry"). The owner is so kind as well, please go support this business!I forgot to post photos that I took of the food where it belongs: IN THE TRASH! 
This manchurian and hakka noodles (pictured here) was INEDIBLE, cooked with KETCHUP and REUSED, STALE, and smelly, oil. The noodles were dry.
And guess what the price was $11.99 and $12.99. I've had higher quality street food than this restaurant priced so high for  BAD FOOD and CHEAP INGREDIENTS.
I posted my review the other day but forgot to attach pictures.Highly, HIGHLY recommend this place. One of the best Indian restaurants in Philly. They have a varied menu that includes a Vegetarian, South India, & an Indo-Chinese selection. The chaat menu, specifically the Bhel puri, is to die for! Definitely looking forward to the next visit. You won't regret giving the biryani menu a try either: The goat biryani made me miss homeMy wallet and waistline are upset I live two blocks from Virasat. Since discovering it, my boyfriend and I order from here once a week minimum. The lamb bhuna appetizer is literally the best thing I have ever eaten. If I am put to death one day, this would be my last meal. If you're looking at the menu thinking "but it's $12", ITS WORTH IT I PROMISE. This and the naan is enough for me, but the chicken biryani is HUGE and absolutely delicious. Maybe one day I will try more things, but right now I see no point in veering from absolute perfection.Happened on Haveli Virasat when searching for a convenient spot, within walking distance of University City, to sit and lunch late on a Saturday afternoon. Thrilled to have found this stupendous Indian (north and south) and Pakistani eatery, with indoor and outdoor tables on Market. I went with lamb vindaloo and chicken tikka masala (i.e. the gringo special). Everything, including the garlic naan, roti, and mango lassi, was as good as I've had in Philly. Next time, though, I'll get a little more adventurous with my order. Some of the tandoor and veggie options look excellent. Thanks and kudos to the purveyors! Great food. Great experience!The food was delicious and the service was amazing! All the servers were so kind and attentive. I rarely expect to find an Indian restaurant extraordinary because I have been to so many and they are all usually about the same in my opinion but the food was actually so delicious at Haveli Virasat. I would highly recommend the masala dosa and the dal makhni! Another big plus for my family is that all the meat on the menu is halal (they do not have any beef dishes, FYI). Also, the presentation of the food was lovely. A clean, spacious, nicely decorated interior you can bring your family to for a nice evening out!This one of the best Indian meals I've had. Love that they have dishes from various regions of India and that all of it tasted great! We started with a couple of the chaats for appetizer - pani puri and samosa chaat both of which were very good. We had the Mysore dosa which was delicious and new for my friends. We also ordered the egg biryani (since I don't eat meat) and it was amazing (and huge - we took home leftovers and it tasted even better the next  day) and a couple of other veggies dishes all of which were good. Service was nice too. Can't wait to go back and try more of their dishes!Five star restaurants are so hard to find, but I finally found one! I wish I had the capacity to eat more because the food was so good. The decorations are very beautiful; the food seems authentic. Good service, sanitary, timely. We ordered lassi, samosas, chicken biryani, and shrimp biryani. The biryani portions were so big that I really could eat one bowl for four different meals. The sauces were amazing. While the lassi was too sweet for me, it was very interesting to try. Amazing dinner with the best dining partner I could ask for. 
I will be back soon. Thank you for the great dining experience!We ordered take out this afternoon for 6 people. This place rocks for Punjabi food.  Truly authentic fresh and mazaydaaar which means absolutely mouthwatering delicious. 
Daal Makhani 8/10 is heartwarming brilliant.  Typical Punjabi style as was the choley 10/10 and Panir Makhani 8/10. It has just the right amount of spices however the choley is the best of the best we had. The madras Chicken 8/10 smell soooo goood even the vegetarians were salivating. The chef than made the vegans their version of madras chicken with soy protein.  WTF moment it tasted as good if not better 9/10.  We washed it down with Punjabi Lassi.  He made us with black salt and spices.  Goodness Chef thank you.  Only problem we had was that we had to wait extra 15 mins for it to be ready as he had some take outs.  Will be back.Excellent food! Everything we ordered turned out delicious. Their Papdi chaat is a must try and a visual treat. Food is flavorful with the correct amount of spice level.Delicious! What a hidden gem! I enjoyed the lamb biriyani and the veg pakora. I'm gluten free, and they had plenty of options.I've only ordered delivery from here so this review is strictly for takeout/ delivery. Food is pretty good. Rates are amazing. It's much more economical than getting Indian food from Amma's or Thanal's. Spices are a bit on the lower side even after asking for spicy so make sure you ask for Indian spicy if you like your food like I do. You can get soooo much food for a $50. Portions are very good. 
Definitely a place that I will try again.Ordered twice from here -
First time, i ordered chole bhature and achari chicken both knocked my socks off. Authentic indian flavors
Second time, I ordered goat dum biryani and egg prantha. The biryani was okay but the egg prantha was undercooked. 
This place seems to have a lot of potential hopefully they can take care of these small things.Our first time dining here and can I say that the food is out of this world! Every single item we ordered was phenomenal and tasted beyond authentic. We ordered the papdi chaat (the best I've ever had), alloo tikki chaat, daal makhni, dum chicken biryani, Lahori charga, mango lassi, and naan. Every single item is a 10/10. 
Portions are amazing, we definitely had enough left overs for a few lunches during the week. 
Am totally looking forward to returning and trying their indo-Chinese and South Indian dishes!  They offer indoor dining, but during our time, they had a constant flurry of take-out pick ups!I recently went to Haveli after a long time. I have previously ate there 3 times and the food was amazing. As a Punjabi I hold Indian restaurants at a high standard since I can eat the same food at home. This past time it felt like I went to a whole different restaurant. The food was really bad make me sick for 3 days. For apps we got the mali kabobs which are normally the best. They are normally saucy but this time they were just dry pieces of chicken. We had also ordered samosa chaat which came out freezing cold. We told the waiter it was cold and than he goes on to tell us that it is supposed to be like that. And unfortunately he was wrong so after rude costumer service he took it back. So after eating apps our dinner came out and we asked what happened to the samosa chaat that they took out and they said it will be out in 5 mins mins you it's already been 30 mins since we went it back. For dinner we got chicken biryani butter chicken and naan. The biryani is normally amazing there but this time it tasted like garbage. I can't even put it to words how bad it was. You could tell that the saffron they used was really old. It was salty to the point where I felt my heart beating faster. And the butter chicken was just okay it was some how watery and had no flavor. As we where nearing the end of our meal they decided to bring out the samosa chaat like at that point we were full and it just went to wast. Haveli has really bad customer service and the food is one of the worst in the city.My wife, sister-in-law and daughter ordered from here for a very non-traditional Thanksgiving dinner. Me being the resident *expert* in quality Indian cuisine, my decision to choose this restaurant was based on its proximity to our residence, the fact that they were open on a major holiday, several glowing reviews, and that they have a very non-generic sounding name along the lines of "Passage to India," suggesting a potentially more authentic dining experience. 
Although it is true that I am a tall, gangly-ass honky, suffice to say I have eaten a lot of Indian food in my life, including at a number of the most renowned spots in New York. My two closest friends are both Indian and I have spent a great deal of time with them and their families. So in spite of my Wonder Bread appearance, I am actually a decent judge of authentic Indian cuisine, and Haveli Virasat delivers just that. I had the Lamb Biryani, which was prepared with a delectably balanced array of herbs and spices. The lamb was intensely flavorful, tender and moist. It was a perfect benchmark of what this dish is meant to be. Equally impressive was the gulab jamun I had for dessert. The taste was everything I expected and more, and was only surpassed by the texture, which had that nice crisp layer of caramelized sugar on the outside followed by a dense, moist interior. Yeah, I said moist again. Moist. Stick that in your eyeball. 
All of the breads were perfectly prepared, including the garlic naan, tandori roti and dosa. My wife had the paneer tikka masala that I sampled and thought was excellent, as were the samosas that my 22 month-old daughter ate to my delighted surprise. I forget what my sister-in-law had, but I think we can at this point use deductive reasoning to assume that it was outstanding. Pretty sure it was Matar Paneer, but whatever, I know she enjoyed it. 
I implore you to please do whatever is necessary to make Haveli Virasat your next Indian experience. If you're coming from outside the neighborhood, this place is far more accessible than you may realize. It's located at 40th and Market, right next to the 40th St. stop off of the EL. So, say you're a hipster named Jake living over in Fishtown and you're sitting at home twirling your moustache as you listen to your vinyl records wondering what to do with your Saturday night. You could throw on your skinny jeans, hop on the EL at Girard Ave. and be there in easily under thirty minutes. So stop screwing around and get over there, please! For my own selfish reasons, I want this restaurant to be around for the foreseeable future. It certainly deserves to be.We enjoyed a delicious lunch here today while visiting Philly. Saw the great reviews on Yelp, and easily walked from the U Penn campus. The papri chaat, chicken korma, and paneer Tikka Masala were all excellent and delicious. The food came out quickly, and our server Preet was friendly and attentive. Felt very comfortable with the social distancing indoors, and will be sure to return again when we are back in town again!I've had this Yelp account for over 6 years I've never felt the absolute need to leave a review. There's not enough stars to give this place. You can't go wrong with literally anything from them but the standouts were the korma and the fish rogan josh. Straight perfection.The food here was outstanding. Honestly it's draining to think about what to say after such a good meal, the moon looks like we're in another planet right now. I really just wanna go home and lay down it was that delicious and I ate so much that I am very fully satisfied. 
Time to go home and listen to Erykah Badu orange moon and vibe TF outThe Saag, tikka masala, naan, and roti are excellent. The baingan bharta was just okay--a little bit sweet, which was unusual.We enjoyed a delicious lunch here today while visiting Philly. Saw the great reviews on Yelp, and easily walked from the U Penn campus. The papri chaat, chicken korma, and paneer Tikka Masala were all excellent and delicious. The food came out quickly, and our server Preet was friendly and attentive. Felt very comfortable with the social distancing indoors, and will be sure to return again when we are back in town again!After recently being disappointed with Kabobeesh and Saad (eateries I've gone for years), I was kind of apprehensive to try something new. But to my surprise, Virasat surely delivered! So much so that I ordered from there three times in less than two weeks (please don't judge me). Their food is just THAT good! The first time I ordered, it was for dinner. They gave us two boxes of mini rasgollas, complimentary. The laccha parathas I ordered reminded me of the paratha my mom's Punjabi friend used to make when I was a kid. The tandoori chicken, dal makhni, and seekh kabobs were superb! We really needed a Halal Desi restaurant in this neighborhood and I'm glad they're here! 
PS: I have no pictures to upload because I inhaled my food and gave myself a food comaFIRE. The best Indian place Iv been to so far in Philly. Made with love and care. Prices weren't bad at all either! Good portions too. Overall DELICIOUS. Highly recommendSuper quick service, and the waiters were friendly and checked up a lot. The portion sizes are deceiving - they may look small at first but definitely are filling. We ordered two main dishes with one app plus garlic naan, and as two people we couldn't finish. So yummy!!really, really good. curries are pretty small portions (imagine a home corelle bowl and that's it) but they taste great so I'd order a few apps. there's this one app that's like a mountain of crispy chips covered with refreshing sauces that I have not had elsewhere. tandoori chicken and chicken 65 delicious. the dosa is massive and you should really only dip it in the sauce that comes in the little cup, not the one on the plate cause that one tastes like watery tomato.
i will say they are a bit disorganized and the food will come in whatever order it does so just chill out and enjoy - not for a meal in hurry.
we came as a group of 6 and total cost per person (everything included) was only $21.The rudest people you will ever meet. We were so excited to check out this new addition to the neighborhood, and we were met with a rude woman who would not even look us in the eye. We asked if we could be seated after about 5 minutes of being ignored. She looked up and told us there is no seating. And continued ignoring us. We pressed her and asked if there was a wait list we could add our name to and an estimate of how long it would take to be seated. She rolled her eyes and just told us she could take our phone number and then walked to the back leaving us standing. If this is the type of service they provide to everyone, then they do not belong in the west philadelphia community. Unacceptable.One of those places I'm kicking myself for not trying sooner - not that it's been open long, but I live a block away and pass by it EVERY time I leave my house and head into work, or anywhere east.
Then one night the munchy gods decided to cut me a break by making me too tired to cook a late dinner. I just stepped outta my house with Crown Fried Chicken dreams, and saw that Haveli Virasat was open.
"I haven't had Indian in a while" I thought while I ordered more than any single person should try to eat. Here's some descriptions for those of you who aren't quite as familiar with my favorites:
Saag paneer: creamy blended spinach with cheese cubes
Papri chaat: kind of a multi layer snack of chickpeas, potatoes, crispy wafers of 2 kinds, and lot of chutneys
Samosas: cooked potatoes, peas, and spices wrapped in a wheat pastry then fried
Lamb curry: lamb curry
They hit it out of the park so hard I had to order again the next day. Got their garlic and bullet naans, along with their chicken tikka masala, whose sauce was gloriously buttery.
In the two weeks leading up to writing this review, I think I've ordered various snacks and little dishes from here at least five times. It's that good.
A welcome addition to West Philly, and now I'm fighting the urge to get my doctor to have a conversation with me about my blood sugar.I would drive by this place often and wondered how it was. It opened during the pandemic, which I thought it was risky. Well, we finally tried today for the Father's Day lunch. It did not disappoint! The service was very good, and the food was so delicious. I am happy a very good Indian restaurant came in to West Philly. 
We ordered masala chai (very nice flavour of spices), mango lassi, samosa chaat, chicken momo, masala dosa, malai kofta, and goat curry. Everything was so good. It is difficult to eat good dosa, but this place filled my dosa craving! I got all the photos except for malai kofta, and goat curry because I got too preoccupied eating Highly recommend this place! You know that this place is good when 90% of their customers are South AsianHad the Chole Bhature and the Gobhi Manchurian and the Tikki Chaat.  They were fabulous!  Expecially the mango/mixed pickle they serve with the Bhature.  The decor was quaint and cute.  Service was very kind.  Better than traveling all the way to Edison to get some great food.  Highly recommend.Review is for take out order. The lady who took our order was very kind, she asked if we were okay to be on hold while we give our order on phone. When she came back on the line she apologized for putting us on hold. She deserves 5 stars for her service, she had a big smile when I went to pick up my order. 
Food was okay. We had great expectations after reading many good reviews. 
1. Chai - was below average. 
2. Mango Lassi- best. 
3. Goat biryani - was okay. Had more bones less meat. The raita was good plus they put boondi. 
4. Cholay bhatura - worst cholay. No taste in cholay - more like boiled. Bhatura was okay. 
5. Samosa - was good. 
They made sure the packaging was good to avoid any oil leakage or tea spills. 
Won't try them again.