They used to have gluten free beer for me but they don't carry anymore.   I was trying to contact the restaurant directly but couldn't find any contact info.  Please carry some gluten free beer for us celiacs.   It's hard to find a place that does and you were a great place that did.   Omission is not gluten free and still hurts celiacs.Went for the first time for lunch.  Food was great and the staff was really friendly.  They had no problem customizing my friend's order since she's on a strict diet.  Our food came out fast and everything was very fresh.  The decor and atmosphere was much classier than I expected.  Can't wait to go back and sample some of their extensive beer selection.Wow... and here I am thinking I've already had the best brunch in the city (Sorry Green Eggs, Sabrina's, and all the other kick-ass brunch spots).  Hawthorne's you are now my new favorite spot for so many reasons.  
I went on a busy Sunday afternoon, after stopping at Green Eggs but the wait was a little too long for my liking.  It took 10 minutes for me and a friend to be seated, and we were immediately greeted by a very friendly server who rattled off the specials and told us to help ourselves to their extensive "self-serve" beer selection.  And what a selection it is... and at such great prices, only $2.75 for Troegs DreamWeaver Wheat. (one of my absolute favorite beers).
After looking through the incredible variety of brunch options, I decided today would be the day I finally tried Fried Chicken and Waffles for the first time; and a special treat from Hawthorne's, they top each one with 2 poached eggs and Hollandaise sauce. (I also had the whole thing topped with Sliced Nova, it tastes great on Eggs Benedict).  
HOLY SHIT!  This was the most flavorful breakfast I've ever had.  The sweet syrup meshed so well with the extremely buttery texture of the waffles (which were cooked perfectly, I loathe burnt waffles) and the saltiness of the fried chicken.   I ate about half the fried chicken with the waffles, and the other half with the perfectly poached eggs and sliced nova.  I think mixing all these flavors together would have taken away from the individual flavors of the dish, and I recommend asking for the poached eggs on the side in the future to make it easier to split it up.  
I will be back for more Hawthorne's, I will be back often and eagerly awaiting your plates of greatness to satisfy my taste buds.  Can't wait to go to town on that beer cooler too!Hawthornes is a perfect Breakfast/ Brunch spot in the city. They have a WIDE variety of bottled individually sold beer. In fact wide would be putting it lightly. If I had to count I saw at least 10-12 coolers of beers with probably at least 40 different beers per cooler. So if you are looking for beer selctions this is the place for you.
As for breakfast it is a great spot for Breakfast, Lunch or Brunch. I recommend the frensh toast. The two peices they give you are huge. Filling for any one person, or the perfect side to order for a group of two. And at $9 its more then an affordable option for breakfast.
Our service was amazing. Our group of 4 went on New Years Day morning. Our server was more then accommodating when it came to our orders. She even went out of her way to put in an order that wasnt on the menu. She gets 5 out of 5 stars.I LOVE nachos so naturally I ordered the breakfast nachos for brunch and they were so terrible I barely ate them even though I was starving. The corn chips were completely soggy and everything was COATED in the same spice so there wasn't the crunch or the flavor mixing that nachos should have. The spice made the corn chips taste like doritos which was extremely off-putting. The staff was so busy, I couldn't get anyone's attention to ask for fresh chips to try to salvage the meal. I walked away 2.5 hours later, hungry, disappointed and then extremely annoyed that a 20% gratuity was added to our check. Ballsy move Hawthorne's... pretty sure 18% is the max allowed. Other meals looked good but the nachos thoroughly sucked, don't ever order them.Tried to make a reservation for 6 people for brunch on Saturday. The website let me make the reservation but they actually ended up calling me and telling me I couldn't make reservation for brunch. No big deal, we got there around 10 hoping to beat the typical 11am-ish crowd. We were very wrong. At 10am the wait was about 45min. For 6 people it's understandable but the place was packed nonetheless. It ended up being about an hour wait but the food was worth the wait. 
We started with mimosa's - at $11 a pop I was hoping it was going to be the best mimosa I've ever had... it was pretty close. They give you a baby bottle of champagne & a glass of orange juice to make your own. I thought it was a pretty cool concept. 
The food - I'm honestly not entirely sure what the rest of my party got because I was so focused on the Crabby Dick that I ordered. It's a bun with a crab cake inside & two poached eggs on top. It was served with homefries. Simply amazing. Some other table winners were the classic french toast & blueberry waffle with pulled pork on top. 
The wait is always annoying but the food is that good that it's worth standing outside for an hour to get your hands & mouth on a crabby dick. Yep.I'd call it poor service, but they didn't give me any. If I had to guess my baseball cap and oversized sweatshirt where a little too urban.We went here for brunch on a Saturday. It wasn't too busy and we were seated immediately. I ordered the breakfast nachos. They were delicious! They had WAY too much chorizo on them though. I finished the nachos and half of the plate was still covered in chorizo. I was a bit disappointed that the mimosas were 11 dollars. They were so tiny! I opted for a beer instead which were much more reasonably priced. It had a great atmosphere and the service was good.Stopped by as I saw per phillytapfinder that Hawthornes had Bell's Hopslam on tap.  It was pretty sparse on a mid-Saturday afternoon and we were quickly seated at the table of our choice.  
This was the first time I'd visited and wasn't entirely sure of the process once I entered.  There are about 5 beers on tap that you can order from the waitress or you can browse the 10 coolers of beer by the bottle and have it added to your tab at the counter (based on your table number).  It's a bit different and took me a few seconds to get it sorted but once I did it made total sense.
The interior was very inviting, rustic, bright, and laidback.  We didn't have any food but both the lunch & dinner menu looked amazing and I look forward to returning again to sample.  
The beer selection is quality and while some don't like the mason jars which are used for the beer I'm sure you can ask for another glass as they exist for the beers on tap.  There is also the beer takeout option with discounts on six and eight pack purchases; growlers are also available.  
This four star review could certainly turn into a five star once I sample the food, so don't take this four to mean its anything less than superb.  Enjoy!!Great homey environment and definitely in my top 10 lunch places. Can take a while to get a table, but is well worth the wait.
Vast beer selection, engaged staff, and wonderful comfort food. Great place to go with a group.I love the idea of Hawthorne's so much--great beer selection, solid location, diverse menu, and friendly staff.  However, I can't give it more than three stars because everything is just too expensive.
I've eaten here a couple times and like the fact that I can get a range of entrees from flavorful pasta dishes to gigantic sandwiches.  However, I'm always left feeling like all the items could be $3 cheaper.  
The same goes for the beer.  While the selection is quite varied and the staff are always eager to help, I don't understand why the beer is so expensive.  A few blocks away, Foodery offers the same selection at much more reasonable prices.Hawthorns is an amazing find in south Philly. The atmosphere is cozy and warm, the beer and cider selection is great. The menu is simple but delicious. The specials never disappoint and the desserts are top notch. Slightly more than I like to spend regularly on eating out so this is a "once in a while" experience for me. I get there as often as I can.Disappointed in this place.  I live a block away and was very excited to have a new neighborhood cafe.  However, the service and food has been disappointing.  The portions are miniature and pricey.  Still I ordered once a week or so on a busy weeknight when I didn't feel like cooking.  It was nice to phone in an order and run down to pick it up.  But tonight I called and was told I had to give a credit card to "process" my $12.00 sandwich -- even if I'm paying cash!?  Seriously.  Why would I give my credit card number for a $12.00 sandwich that I'm going to pick up in 5 minutes and pay cash for?  Hawthornes is just not customer service oriented.  (Also, I have a huge pet peeve about the filthy sidewalk outside their kitchen door.  It's covered in grease and dirt from the trash.  I don't even walk on that side of the street anymore.)  Overall, a disappointment to this "neighbor."I've been twice now since the reopening. The first time was egh  and not exactly as good as I remembered it. But I gave it a second chance this weekend and ordered the short rib omelette and it was great. Not huge portions but good. The grits were delicious, I substituted them for the potatoes. My husband loves getting growlers from here, the owner is very beer knowledgeable.Just wanted to mention that I have recently noticed that their horrible french fries received a makeover. They're now actually pretty decent with a good dipping sauce. Prices however, still remain out of control.This place is the birthchild of the God of appetizers and any person who wanted something besides domestic light beer with their meal. Was thrilled to be seated right away on a Friday night. Food was brought in minutes, a testament to their above average service.  Ordered seven dishes and truly loved 4-5 of them. Notables include a mushroom-based special, the shrimp guacamole (refreshing and the right blend of a ceviche style shrimp), and the spring rolls (wanted to buy the dipping sauce it came with). The wings were amongst the best I have ever had. The chicken was crispy yet juicy with a simple mouthwatering garlic buffalo sauce. The beer selection is fantastic and is rivaled only by places like the foodery. I definitely want to come back here for some of their special beer events.Move over mimosa! Beer is crashing in on brunch at Hawthornes. 
Occupying the corner spot on 11th & Fitz, the bright and open cafe offers your standard brunch fare.  I missed the specials on the blackboards above the register but I'll be sure to check that out next time. 
The cafe receives extra kudos for its beverage selection.  Aside from the various craft brews sold, they also offer a french press for one.  The coffee snob in me couldn't resist. It was a pleasant treat for today's frigid morning.As I peruse the Queen Village/Bella Vista area for the best spots for brunch, I ask myself after our visit to Hawthorne's: Why look any further?
Hawthorne's presented us with a comfortable walk from home, an ample outdoor section to match the gorgeous weather, and a super friendly staff who greeted us, took down my name, and pointed us toward their hundreds of bottles of beer in the cooler.
We were promptly sat outside, where we enjoyed several beers, watched the line for table grow, and received some of the best brunch food we've had in a while. Mine was a phenomenal plate of eggs benedict with ham, while my lovely lady had the S.O.S., the cream chipped beef on toast. Every bite was freakin amazing.
We really want to get to know this neighborhood, and not get stuck in a rut, going back to the same places all the time. But jeez oh man.Even though Hawthornes is less than two blocks from where we live, we don't frequent it much but it feels like every time we go (three times now) our experience has improved. 
I had the burger for the first time on the last trip and added a fried egg (love the option of adding fried egg and avocado if you want). I honestly think it's one of the best burgers in the area, which I understand is a huge statement but I really loved it. Some of their other food may not blow you away but the burger was really quite good. If I'm judging solely on this one trip which is only fair in an updated review, five stars. 
Service was also wonderful and has gotten remarkably better each time.
Points for: Burger and burger addition options. Good service.
No negatives this time around.We have been to Hawthornes quite a few times and it has been hit or miss but we kept going back because we really wanted to like it.  Tonight was the last straw.  We ordered wings tonight. When they came out they we all one piece (wing and drum bone still attached to each other) and still had the claw like thing on the end too. After deciding they were too creepy looking to even try to figure out how to eat them, I asked if they would cut them for me. What I got was a mangled  plate of chicken that clearly showed the chef's irritation at my request.  There were even bloody Bones on the plate. I asked the waitress to take them away because they were now creepy and disgusting. Not once was I asked if I wanted something else and they charged us for the food!  The quality of the food, the prices they charge and now, bad service are really disappointing. We really wanted to like you.I had a lovely brunch here last Saturday. We should up around 1 pm and were quickly seated outside. If you want to be seated inside, you need to have your whole party present. It was really nice outside, so we were happy to dine out there. 
Their $10 mimosas are awesome. They a actually give you a mini champagne bottle, so it comes out to two mimosas. Definitely with it. 
I ordered the breakfast nachos. They were more like chilaquiles with a lot of chips and less eggs. Nevertheless, they were quite tasty. The spicy chorizo is definitely spicy. I would watch out when ordering this dish because my mouth was on fire, and I usually can handle spice. 
The staff is super friendly and the atmosphere is cute and cozy. Try it out next time you're in the area!Of all the places that I have brunched at here in the City of Brotherly Love, this has to be one of my favorites for the shear tastiness of their food. My guest and I were immediately seated upon entrance indoors and noticed the wonderful and unique decor that was out. We both had a mimosa each, which was extremely tasty (kind of hard to mess up a good mimosa)! My girlfriend got the pancake of the day, which was blueberries and butter on top of a short stack. I got a waffle with plan butter and maple syrup. Both of these entrees were delicious and the service we received from the staff was excellent. We also were able to meet the manager/owner, who seemed genuinely thankful and gracious for our service. We will definitely be back to this wonderful Philly staple!Good food, simple menu, relaxed atmosphere, decent draft list, excellent bottle selection at their bottleshop thing and good prices.  I like that you can buy decent beer at their bottle shop for $2-$3 and drink it at your table.  
I highly recommend the pierogies and the fish tacos.Do yourself a favor and get the Drunkin Waffle- blueberry waffle with pulled pork and candied pecans. Great food, good atmosphere, fabulous service. Our table was a little cramped in a corner but I will sacrifice that for the delicious food.Imagine brunch with your favorite (super large) selection of beers - any beers - all beers. Wow. then imagine the service to be great (yes, even for brunch). Wow. Then imagine (wait for it) ... the food is good too! Comfortable, not pretentious, but good! 3 Wows!I had heard a lot of good things about this place and finally made it in for brunch.  We arrived around 11:30 and the place was packed, regardless we were seated in about 5 minutes.
Our server was very friendly and attentive, constantly bringing out water refills as it was pretty hot outside.  We ordered the Turkey BLT and Huevos Abogados (sp?).  Both were hearty portions and tasted great.  The menu had tons of food options at reasonable prices.  We didn't have any beers, but it looked like they quite the selection.
I'm sure we'll be back.Having heard great reviews about Hawthorne's, my boyfriend and I decided to give the place a try. Upon arrival, we were told by the hostess at the stand that it would be a 20 minute wait to dine-in. Twenty minutes? Not so bad. 
We eventually got seated and took a few minutes to look over the menu. My boyfriend and I usually order three items off the menu and share. We were indecisive between the Original Hawthorne's Baked French Toast and the Funnel Cake French Toast. Our final choices were the fried chicken and waffles, smoked salmon and asparagus egg's benny, and the baked french toast. 
When the food arrived, everything looked great, then came the taste test. The chicken/waffles combo was the best out of the three. The egg's benedict came second, nothing special. The french toast was the least fav. item that we ordered. It was basically hardened toast with a bit of an bread pudding texture when cut apart.
Although the first experience was just okay, I would like to come back and try the other sweet concoctions on the menu.Talk about brunch and beer! The longer I was here, the more I loved this place.  From the cozy fireplace to the rustic decor, this new brunch hot spot is a great addition to Bella Vista. 
The breakfasts were savory, there's not too many tables stuffed in a room so you feel like you are sitting on top of people, the staff was attentive but relaxed, and the owner was walking around making sure things were alright.
Best of all, after brunch, you can peruse their ORGANIZED display cases of imported and local beers... or if you're feeling toasty, buy a beer and have it for brunch!Been meaning to come here, mostly just because the name reminds me of the author. Finally came in Saturday for brunch because we were up early and didn't want to wait til 11 or later to eat (they open for brunch at 9!!).
I got the smoked salmon & asparagus eggs benedict. The eggs were poached perfectly, the sauce was creamy and slightly tangy with no separation or unevenness. The salmon was velvety smooth and had the right amount of saltiness. They also let me get a side salad instead of the home fries. The salad was light, fresh with a powdery lemony dressing. There were some very thinly sliced radishes in the salad for a little sweet crunchiness that I enjoyed. 
The Boy got the crab cake sandwich. It was a nearly 3 inch round disk almost an inch thick chock full of fresh and briny crab cooked to perfection. The crab was seasoned just so lightly as to bring out it's natural sweetness and savoriness, and it had the most glorious crust. The sandwich was topped off with a poached egg, the yolk being a great sauce for the huge lumps of crab.
He also got a single banana foster pancake as a side that had great flavor. It is lightly sweet topped with a tangy yogurt and candied walnuts. I don't even like nuts and I had to admit that it was the right answer to balance the sourness from the yogurt and heighten the slight sweetness of the pancake, and was just the right crunchy addition to the creamy and fluffy pancake.
I have my eyes set on the fried chicken and waffle for our next visit!I've had several lunches here but today was the worse.  I ordered the Sweet Rosie the prosciutto was thick, tough and salty it could have been wonderful if they had used Parma prosciutto  cut thinly with the fresh mozzarella and pesto.Love love love this place. Food is great, beer selection is vast and atmosphere is relaxing (except if it's packed). Wish I lived closer to go more often.Nice environment and service. They have a great collection of beer. The food is awesome and reasonably priced.Hawthornes is a great place if you want good food, a huge selection of beer, and a chill vibe. When we sat down we were first told about the beer list. You can either get one of the few beers on draft, or go to the fridges and choose one of the many beers.  We were offered some help and gave good advice. The beer with the owl on it is great. The food itself is tasty. The Mediterranean appetizer is an ample plate of yummy fare including falafel, pepper hummus, olive tapenade, and feta. It was filling, so if you get that get something smaller for your entree or share. The crab cake sandwich is nice, and was not stuffed with fillers. The burger is also very satisfying. Between the two of us, probably would have been enough just to have the appetizer and one of the sandwiches. It can be a little pricey, but will definitely be back. The wait staff is friendly, and the place is very clean, which is always a plus.This was a great place for bunch. Busy and a little noisy, but that lil' negative was far out weighed by the positives. 
Well above average on: menu, ingredients, services, decor, beer selection. 
... I must highlight service. Your party will only be seated once ALL are present. Once tucked into your table, mason jar water cups are filled with an icy carafe of water. The server gave excellent suggestions. And kept an eye on us for our 2+ hour brunch without rushing us out the door. 
I'd absolutely return for brunch and try dinner sometime too!Cozy atmosphere! Waitstaff was quite polite and attentive. Food was amazing! Espeically like the Cheesecake Churro! It's a must try dessert!You can't find a cuter and cozier place to enjoy some food and drinks during the winter.  I'm in love with Hawthornes.
Brunch time is always busy, but don't worry, you can sip on some coffee while you wait.  If you are of the impatient type, such as myself, get your name in before 11 and the wait won't be too bad.  
The S.O.S. is a solid brunch option and will leave you feeling full and satisfied.  Friends of mine got the chicken and waffles and the crabby dick, both of which were amazing, as their plates were licked clean.  
This is the type of brunch spot you won't tire of...ever.I can't wait to come back! After looking for a new brunch spot, my girlfriend and I made it here last Saturday. We had a 20-30 minute wait, but with ten coolers of crazy beer to sort through, the time went by so fast. After staying in that Friday night, we decided to treat ourselves to a beer, even though it was only going for noon...but if there's a place to do that sort of thing, it's here at Hawthornes!
The raspberry pale ale, my choice of cider, and a blueberry beer were all new to us and very reasonably priced (although some items are going to cost ya!) There's also a fireplace to sit by if you're waiting for your seats to open up.
The food was also good that we had and the portions were on the larger side, but I still think the price of the food is a little too high,  but that's my only complaint!Woah. I don't understand how this place only gets 3.5 stars. I've been here a few times, both times before I was a Yelper, and both times before they served food. Let's make sure we're on the same page here... 
Before they ever served food, the concept was simple. "Welcome, enjoy our amazingly broad selection of beer. Enjoy it to go, enjoy it here. Mix and match without fear... do what you will, just enjoy our beer." That could have been their slogan... instead it's just something I made up, but still, I think you get the point. 
BEER! Lots of beer. Delicious, less than nutritious, but yummy. And from all over the world! If you like beer, then even before this place served food, it deserved better than 3.5 stars. In the beginning, it was just bottles; now they also have draft. Pretty cool. 
That covers the "beer" aspect of Hawthorne's. A major plus, in my book. Let's talk about my most recent outing.
We arrive on the first beautiful evening of many to come this fall (also the first night of Monday night football in 2012). The tables outside are mostly  filled, which is a good sign. There are a few people seated inside, but well below full capacity. A few others are perusing the beer fridges, looking for their tasty treat.
Outside seems like a good choice. Server is friendly, articulate, and generally cool. I order a blueberry beer from one of the draft selections... don't judge me. She decides that in honor of the beautiful night, she'll go to the beer fridge to pick out a nice pumpkin beer. JACKPOT. Southern Tier's Pumking is INSANE. Get it and you'll know what I mean.
Appetizer: pierogie - what kind? Does it matter? They're homemade pierogies... and they were pan fried. D-lish.
Entrees: Hawthorne burger; short rib tacos
She got the burger... I think it was bigger than her head. Juicy and tender ground beef, with a fried egg, avocado, blue cheese, and a chipotle sauce on top... all served on a brioche bun. I shouldn't have to explain to you how amazing it was. Fries on the side.
The short rib tacos. Sensational. Next time I'm going to try the baja tacos (read: fish tacos). 
I hadn't eaten much all day, so I was a little buzzed after a few beers, but this buzz didn't impact my decision. The incredible weather, impressive beer selection and our outstanding choices, and dynamite food make this place a new Philly fave.
Get down to 11th and Fitzwater to visit Hawthorne's right  this second... why are you still reading? Leave! Now!Good Brunch- Good prices. 
Great Service.
You can get your beer at a beer bar- something really cool.I can't get enough of the brunch here. Anytime somebody asks if I want to brunch--I volunteer this spot.
Tbh, nearly every time, I get the breakfast sandwich with veggie sausage...it's THAT good. I can't stop. Veg sausage is made in house and super relish. Also, the home fries are probably my favorite. Ever. 
Every friend I've taken here, gets a different thing on the menu and every single one is blown away. 
Beer selection is amazing! Staff is super friendly, food is incredible, ambience is super chic. There's nothing bad to say about Hawthornes. Definitely try it out for brunch if you haven't already.This place falls right into the same category as Honey's for me, the food is good but it is really simple over priced diner food. Also, tried to go there for lunch on a weekday to do some work and they don't provide WiFi! How doesn't provide WIFI? Especially when you are paying $14 for a sandwich.This is a great brunch location. The ambiance is quaint and the service was attentive and friendly. There is a great selection of beers-with To Go options and even growlers. The food came quickly and was really delicious. My only complaint was that the music was too loud and did not match the setting (club/dance music did not compliment the cozy comfortable setting and was a little much in the morning). Otherwise a great spot to check out!Food : A House Burger and a pancake
Taste : Delicious
Service : Kind
Price : Reasonable
Revisit : Definitely yesIt's like being a kid in a candy store...except your an adult with what seems like an endless choices of beer!
Even if you're not a huge beer fan, the food here is really top notch. I've had quite a few things on the menu and I have to say I've never really been disappointed.
The staff is super helpful and really know their beers. It's quite and kinda has this "homey" feel (couches and a fireplace are a nice touch).This place always has great food. Unfortunately the reservation system and host staff leave something to be desired. We live a 10 minute walk away and called ahead to be told (1) there was no wait and (2) they did not take reservations. We left immediately and arrived at the restaurant 10 minutes later only to be told that it was a 20-30 minute wait because there were reservations in front of us. Low and behold several tables were empty with reservation cards on them. Since a 20-30 minute wait isn't terrible we decided to wait even though we were not given an explanation for how both things we were told changed completely. 
Then 24 minutes later we were called to the host stand to be seated outside which we specifically said we did not want when we checked in. We went back to wait longer and were told 5-10 minutes later that there were actually 2 large parties in front of us and it would be an additional 40 minutes. They suggested we eat at the counter if we want. Since we are a party of 3 we cannot have a conversation and I am using my free time while the other 2 talk to write this review.  Also I just overhead wait staff comment that the host staff accidentally entered the same party of 10 into the system. 
Good news my food is here and tastes good as always but this isn't the brunch experience I was looking for and I am very disappointed. I will think twice before coming here again with fears I will end up waiting 30 minutes for the counter.Fortunately, Hawthorne's is right around the corner from my apartment, so I'm always close enough to enjoy it as often as I'd like.
I'm going to keep this review short. Hawthorne's, in a word, is awesome. Kick-ass beer selection, awesome food, and a fantastic atmosphere. Being able to enjoy some nice, rich stouts in front of a real wood fire has been great this season with all the cold weather.
If you're going for food, I recommend the Hawthorne burger. So good.Go here if you want a good selection of beer.
Skip it if you want good customer service or non-overpriced food.Just move back to the neighborhood. Been here once. Trying it again today. Still really good! Music was so sound when we walked in but they turned it down after we mentioned it. They had like 10 speakers on the wall omg. Food is great. Their system is a bit weird with all the beer they have on the wall. They seat you down and serve you food but you pay at the register after they bring you the check. Hahhaha very interesting.As a beer establishment Hawthorne's is pretty good.  Pricey of course but that's how single bottles are in Philly and it's definitely the place to go in the area if you wanted to enjoy a nice Belgian or the like in the comfort of your own home.
As a food establishment it's fairly useless.  The sandwiches are OK but nothing unique, and nothing to go back for.  I ordered a Turkey BLT that was supposed to contain brie and mayonnaise (among other things) and it lacked both.  Of course it was corrected with the waitress' apologies, but you have to wonder how whoever is making those sandwiches can forget stuff like that.  It's a little stingy of them to charge an extra $1.50 to substitute fries or mixed greens for the usual potato chips.  It was also stingy of them to charge me an extra $1 for a little side of mayonnaise for my fries.
If this were only a place to buy beer I'd give it a higher rating, but one must consider the whole establishment.  And what's with the $15 minimum for cards?? (which I see I'm not the first to complain about)  Come on guys...this is a place where you're just as likely to spend less than $15 than you are to spend more.  Setting ANY credit card minimum is of course in direct violation of the agreement a business has with a credit card company.  If it's a $5 minimum at a coffee shop, fine, but this is really not normal for a place where you get a sandwich, or a few assorted bottled beers.  Knock it off, Hawthorne's.My fiancé and I love coming here. The Crabby Dick is a game changer. It's one dish I can have every time I'm there. Even when I try something else on the menu, it still doesn't compare. If you're a fan of potatoes like me, this place has cooks them
to perfection. But the reason I come in so often is the friendly staff that works there. Service and personality are key in this business, and this place shows it the best.I'm so glad i waited until now to write my review. I can confidently say that all the negative reviews from when Hawthorne's was new are obsolete. This place is a gem. I just wish i could transport it maybe 3 blocks closer to my house so i would go more often. 
I was always a fan of the concept of Hawthorne's. I loved picking out my beer and sitting down to a delicious bite. I love that I can drink away from home at fabulous, take-out prices. There were times where the service was regrettably poor or things were just confusing (like where/who to pay/order etc). But they've ironed out all the kinks. 
If you can get a table, you'll have a fabulous experience. If you don't know the ropes (your wonderful waiter will explain): you're going to grab a table first, then check out the beer cases, make your selection, take it over to the counter and tell them which table number tab to add your beer to. Other than that the protocol is standard. 
p.s. i started this review last summer and just now polished it off and posted it. i've since moved from Philly but i still brunch here every chance i get.After successfully dropping off a uhaul truck in So Phila, my mate and I decided to celebrate with a beer at Hawthornes.  We got a few snacks, too.  First, the beet fettucini (or linguine, I can't remember).  It was pink like a beet, but didn't realy have a beet-y taste.  The pesto sauce was, however, very fresh and flavorful.  We also got a cheese & meat plate.  The soppressata was awesome!  I just wish there was more of it on the cheese board.  They had some decent cheeses, too, that were distinct and flavorful.  
The beer selection was decent, and I love that you can shop for your own bottle among the huge selection.  I will say that some of the beers seem pretty pricey.  For example, a bottle of Bourgogne de Flandres will run you about $8, but at Eulogy, it's $6-7 I believe.  
I'd love to snag that fireplace seat with a group of friends; otherwise, the restaurant is a little bit cold, in terms of, not feeling as homey as those select few who get to cuddle around the fire.  Makes me jelly.While Hawthorne's has excellent food, if you are interested in a glass a wine, head elsewhere.  The two stars are not entirely for the lack of single-glass wine, but also for the strange, almost manipulative way the wait staff seem trained to handle requests for a glass.
"Oh, we only serve bottles, but if you want, we have single serving wine in the beer fridge.  Although, (condescendingly) it's not very good."
Regardless of whether this is true, the customer is now faced with a decision: buy a $40 bottle of wine or head to the beer fridge in a walk of shame for the "not very good" wine.  We overheard two servers give the same exact line to customers, both equally put on the spot.
Just keep this in mind.  If you're interested in a $40 bottle of good wine, great.  If not, head elsewhere, like Devil's Den, which has an amazing burger and an assortment of wines by the glass or by the bottle, in addition to a solid draft list.Maybe one of our new #1 brunch spots! I got the SOS which I am definitely a connoisseur of in the city and it was the best I've had in a long time. Alex got the open faced biscuit with sausage gravy and chicken which was also quite good. Mine was definitely a better value at $9 compare to his $15 but all in all very good! Love the atmosphereHawthornes is so fun with really great food. I had never been to a beer cafe before (basically you buy beer like you would at a take out beer place, but then pay for it and take it to your table and drink it at dinner.) I took my friend who is a very strict vegetarian and was very impressed with the mushroom risotto. Everyone that worked there was so nice even though we were a later seating. The place itself is cute: rustic and simple. I also think Hawthornes is great that they're so involved in the neighborhood; I just went to their Beer/Cider fest last weekend and it was a blast. It just makes me like them more knowing the participate in those kinds of thingsFood was meh. Service was okay. Way overpriced for what they give you. Wasn't impressed at all.Great beer selection and great food. This and Sabrina's are the two best places in Phily.This place is really cool. I love the fireplace and the microbrews and the decor. I wish I could rate the food higher. I got the falafel salad. It was not that good. 3 miniature falafels that were not fresh, and the plate was just crowded with lots of lettuce. It was not that good. We got 1 pancake to try. It was red velvet. It tasted ok, but it was not worth the 6 dollars they charged for it. One small pancake for 6 bucks???? Really? My wife's omelette was ok but the potatoes were cold. It is hard to put this place up there with honeys or lift. It looks great but the food is not good enough.It's my local brunch spot and I love it.   The heuvos ahogados are incredible, especially if you add chorizo.  It's like a spicier shakshuka and that's what I want all the time.Went there Sunday night for a small family dinner. Made a reservation for 6:30 and the table was waiting for us. Waitress was very attentive even though it became more crowded after we received our appetizers, which were excellent. We have the shrimp meatballs and fried cheese.  Entrees varies from salad to burgers to salmon to meatloaf.  Everyone was very happy with their meal and the fries were delicious. Is a great neighborhood jawn, in Bella Vista. They will see me again for sure.Great brunch spot, but prepare for a long wait.  Menu includes innovative, non-typical brunch items that won't be found on nearby menus, but I waited for over one hour for a table and the restaurant does not take reservations.  Furthermore, the restaurant has a limited number of two person tables.I'm not one to give a place glowing reviews after one visit but this restaurant is quaint. The atmosphere is quiet, with a working fireplace (this time of year it is lit with candles) and soft lighting. Not that I've ever sat down and thought, "Wow, this is cute." 
Wait staff was awesome. One of the hosts kept coming over and talking beer, veal, and french toast with me. The conversation was amazing and I am pleased to know that someone else thinks about french toast as much as I do. 
My friend and I split an appetizer (fettunta), which was perfect. Two of my favorite things (bread and cheese) and stuff. My friend ordered one of the pasta specials and I had short rib tacos. My tacos came with home made chips and pico, which made it a shame that I was going to follow this meal with a night of drinking. 
Really, the 4th star was from the young lady running the cashier who asked me if I was Annie Hall for Halloween. IF ONLY GIRLFRIEND, IF ONLY. I was Dr. Who...So far this is my absolute favorite brunch spot within the city. They serve beer, and wine, and cocktails. And I can get eggs. You can't beat any of those options. Oh but they did.. They added French presses. Mini ones at that! (Slightly obsessed with mini versions of any object.) 
Okay, so anyways, technically their wait time meter was off, but you can't anticipate when parties will finish their meals perfectly, and the wait was worth it. I only wish we could have sat outside, but first come first serve. The interior was adorable regardless. I was very content. 
I went with the Huevos ahsomethingorother. Basically two poached eggs in a roasted tomato poblano pepper soup.. Sound weird? Good. Get it. It was Bang. In. And the arugula salad on the side with chipotle lime vinaigrette, and their hashbrowns. Ugh. I don't even care for hashbrowns. But these were chunks of crispy and spiced up potatoes, and they were the best croutons I ever did shove in my pie hole. Everyone else loved their meals as well. I don't tend to give five stars, but I already want to go back, and that's saying something.Almost always perfectly cooked yummy meals and friendly service.  They are always busy.  They get away with seriously over-pricing the simplest of dishes because of their neighborhood location and beer selection.So surprise, surprise, I'm gay. Which means I don't take brunching lightly. I actually spend most of my time thinking about how I can fit brunch into non-traditional brunch hours (happy hour mimosas and omelets anyone?). You can imagine my delight when I discovered Hawthornes Biercafe. First of all, the name sounds like a place that French royalty could be found in all white after a quick sailing trip. But don't let that be the only reason you go. The food here is amazing. I've been several times now and have tried my fair share of the sweet and savory options from a cheese steak  omelet, to carrot cake pancakes, to breakfast nachos (um...yeah these are great!), to their savory breakfast potatoes roasted with peppers. So many amazing options! 
It's usually pretty busy, but I've never had to wait more than 15 minutes for a table. And it's well worth the wait. The only negative thing I would have to say about the place is how I'm expected to make my own mimosas out of a 1-serving sized bottle of champagne and a tiny carafe of orange juice, only to be left with a table full of empty bottles that could have been avoided by someone making my mimosas behind the bar. Hopefully they change this, because it is annoying! 
Overall, a fantastic brunch spot. And you can trust that I know what I am talking about.Cute place with good food and excellent beer selections.  Go for the ambiance and the ability to pick whatever beer you could possibly want from their fridges.   The appetizers are good and big enough to share.love their mimosas. so cute. the place is cozy and well set up. Food is delicious, best brunch i've had in a while. On par with green eggs, lift and aksum.So there's some kind of neighborhood issues with this place and the locals. I've heard it from a number of people and don't know the details but I can say the food and atmosphere is fantastic. 
Went for brunch on Sat and it was packed but we got a quick seat at the counter which was perfect.  Newly renovated since a fire, they put it together nicely and service and food was great and unique. Definitely worth a repeat visit.The burger is f***ing amazing as is the french toast and the chicken salad sandwich.Employees are greatDinner was great, got a grain salad with shrimp and tried a few different beers. Loved the atmosphere.The food was extremely good and I have been here several times with many different people.  The only thing that sucks is the cramped seating.  The last time I went the guy next to me kept passing gas and it was really uncomfortable because he was basically sitting in my lap.  They have a wide variety of beer and the coffee is THE BEST.  When we move closer, we will go here even more.  Breakfast/brunch is the best time to go but lunch is also stellar!  Cute fireplace waiting area, too.This is my new brunch spot. This has to be one of my favorite brunch experiences in the city. Service is phenomenal - the hosts/hostesses/servers are incredibly attentive and accomodating. The food is outstanding, huge portion for great prices AND the service is quicker than expected which is ALWAYS a plus.
The atmosphere is kick-ass as they certainly have the BEST decor that I've seen  and their setup is awesome. They're even a beer distributor which I thought was pretty cool because our bill included a coupon to use over the beer they had for sale.
Bf ordered a stack of choco chip and banana pancakes that he compared to eating a breakfast cake..I had the chicken waffles which were beyond amazing. Our only complaint was that they didn't serve espresso! But that was made up for through everything else a part of our experience
Soooo happy I finally listened to all of the recommendations and decided to check it out. Hawthorne's - get ready for another regular!We've known about Hawthorne's for years but never had the motivation to walk to the east side of Broad for breakfast. This morning, we were up early enough to get there before the brunch crowds so we went and arrived shortly after they opened. The space is really cute and cozy. It was wet outside though and the floors were insanely slippery. Between three of us, we ordered the Hawthorne omelette, the 11th Street omelette, and the special mocha chocolate pancakes. Unfortunately, everyone was disappointed. The omelettes were prepared French style, which is fine in theory, but they didn't taste like eggs at all. The filling for each omelette was tasty, but only one bite had cheddar cheese in it and the omelette itself was essentially wrapped around the filling almost like they were two entirely different components to the dish. The cheese failed to meld the egg and the filling together...perhaps because there was hardly any of it. The pancakes that weren't burnt were decent, but we were surprised that they served them given that the bottom was completely black. Not just overcooked. Burnt. The chef should have known better. In all fairness, the waitress, who was super sweet, appropriately removed it from our bill. Maybe the regular chef took some time off for the holidays.So glad this place finally reopened. The wife and I are regulars at The Cambridge (both owned by the same couple). Came here a couple weekends ago for brunch. The place was packed but we were able to get a table outside. Our server recognized us and spent a few minutes chatting with us. I had the rueben which was very good, not too greasy and the fries were also good-hot and crispy. I like their menu offerings a little more than those of Cambridge so definitely will be returning for dinner. 
Tip:  get here early it gets really crowded quickly on the weekends.I went back to Hawthornes again for Saturday brunch and it did not disappoint. I had the South of the Boarder again, amazing, and the Hawthornes shandy is a must, very refreshing. Everyone enjoyed their meals, the Crabby Dick is definitely worth it, I've never seen a crab cake that big. Our food came fast and the service was good too. If you are looking for a good environment and great food, this is a must.I just had brunch at hawthornes and loved it! 
I got a build your own omelette and my man the S.O.S... My omelette was perfect; an excellent combination of goat cheese, spinach and onion. The homefries were fantastic- wonderfully seasoned and included peppers and onions.. His S.O.S was delicious a step up from your average diner fare but still within the tried and true breakfast without going overboard. The only downside would be our side of bacon- it was burnt, some folks love it that way, i'm not a fan. 
Otherwise the staff was friendly, the ambience was cute and they have and INCREDIBLE beer selection... I can't wait to go back!i really enjoy hawthorne's brunch. i can have any beer i want, with delicious huevos rancheros. the specials always sound good too.. inventive but not too crazy.Be patient, grasshopper. If you want to catch the weekend brunch at Hawthornes, you've got to be dedicated. You've got to have time to kill, a spirit of unhurried-ness, which is sometimes hard to come by in a city dweller. But if you have a little time and a little cash to spend, Hawthornes is the place to do it. 
Despite my reserved feelings on the pretentious titling of "Biercafe," this is easily one of the best brunch spots in the city. Yes, they have an amazing beer selection - both tap and bottled. Yes, they have the right to be considered a cafe which serves beer; however, to opt for the "bier" spelling - I'm sorry, it's too much, Hawthornes. 
Though there's only a few true brunch choices in Philadelphia, Hawthornes is set apart by its healthy portions and unique flavor combinations. Their take on the popular "South of the Border" menu item combines the regular fare of beans and corn and eggs with delicious cajun-like home fries; fresh, crisp tortilla shells; and an herb sour cream that stands out. Their sweet menu options, ranging from Hawthornes's spin on French Toast to some good looking waffles, appear exceptional. 
What I don't understand are the negative reviews complaining about wait times or pricing. It's going to be near impossible to find a place like this that won't have at least an hour wait. Also, with menu items ranging from $8-15, this is well within average and reasonable. The coffee is a little pricey, but less than your Le Pain Quotidien (cf. my review of LPQ to see my thoughts on this place). 
Unique combination of beer selection and brunch, which gives Hawthornes an identifiable appeal, along with some varied and impressive menu options puts this little cafe at the top of my list.I live next door to this place, and therefore I frequent it. That being said- I live right next door and if I'm feeling particularly lazy I go there. Not much of a good review if you keep that in mind. 
It's less crowded than Sabrina's or Sam's for brunch, and the food is good. My complaint is that the prices are on the high side. My roommate got the biscuits and gravy last time we were there for brunch and it was one biscuit split open and maybe 5 pieces of ground sausage for the whopping price of $14! That's just silly. Biscuits are by far the cheapest thing to make and they're just making it overpriced because the neighborhood is up and coming. It's not there yet (which is why I can afford my place. lol) so don't have the high prices!So glad we stopped into this cozy spot in trendy Bella Vista. Heard it was good, but we thought it was great on all counts. The staff is friendly & welcoming & even though it was full when we arrived late one Saturday afternoon, we were seated almost immediately. Nice to see that the patrons were a mix of young, old & in-between. The burgers were among the best we'd ever enjoyed. My husband was most appreciative of the amazing selection of beers, while I enjoyed their steaming hot, black coffee. It's one of those places where you (we) want to go back again & again--casual, pleasantly noisy, crowded, good food & drink. What's not to like?