An obvious 5! Went back again last night and was overjoyed. Everything was satisfying, and I couldn't help but pump my initial review up. We ordered the shrimp roll (5 - loved the pancake outside and sweet sauce), the sushi and sashimi for 1 (5 - the perfect amount for the price in my opinion), and the joy (5 fun presentation and very fresh with all the cucumber) and american dream roll (4 - kind of bland somehow).
Service and ambiance was perfect, same as the first time. 
Give this place a try :)We came at 6 on a Saturday and there were enough people to make it cozy, but few enough that we had plenty of space and great service.
I got the vegetarian ramen with udon. Super satisfying and completely delicious. I had the meat broth base and it was rich and flavorful, not too salty. Also a bubble tea: yummy!
Friends got the eel sashimi and said next time they plan to get an entire eel boat.
Michelle said "it was good".
Come here! It's cute and a great addition to the west philly food scene.So excited to not only have sushi in West Philadelphia, but also to have such amazing sushi.  
We had stellar service and everything we ordered was beautiful, fresh, and delicious.
I highly recommend this restaurant!Really wanted to like this place. However, miso soup was tasteless, the calamari too deep fried and the agedashi broth was not flavorful. And, the sushi was not memorable.Food is great quality and service was amazing. Will definitely keep ordering from here in the future.Great restaurant! 
Flavor profile isn't necessarily Japanese but yummy. Hits the spot if you want better than average moderate price point sushi. Service was super great. Happy to have in neighborhood.Just stopped by for dinner , had the Hawaiian Poke Bowl and my wife had the Vegan bowl , both were good, we regularly travel to Hawaii so I'll say the pole was good for the East Coast-  this place shines  with their appetizers, Japanese Fried Chicken, Cajun Tofu and a few other dishes were all deliciousSushi is an excellent addition to the West Philly restaurant scene, and this place does it really well.  We got takeout so I didn't have much of a chance to check out the restaurant itself, but the ambiance seems good for a small place.  The food was great!  We got the chef's sushi and sashimi platter for 2 plus some kid-friendly dishes like chicken katsu.  It was a hit for the grownups and the kids alike (who went beyond the katsu to eat a bunch of the sashimi and non-spicy roles - who knew that sushi would be a hit for kids).  Definitely worth a try.I love sushi so I decided to check out this restaurant on the way to Philly and it was great! The waitresses were very friendly and the food was delicious. I ordered two random rolls and a few pieces of sashimi but I did not expect the design of my plate, it was really pretty! Definitely coming back if I'm in the area again :)Overall solid, and a great addition to West/Baltimore ave.
In the realm of sushi/poke, they are on the lower end of pricing. Considering a cost/quality analysis, I'd say they come out very well. If you're really picky, you may want to go to someplace more upscale.
Staff is super friendly too. I live nearby and have become a regular.Fresh and delicious sushi. Super friendly owners. I always go for the lunch special, which is always solid and affordable.
Only thing I would not recommend is the vegetable the tempura: the dipping sauce was flavorless and there wasn't enough tempura.Food was good honestly but the woman who answered the phone and took my order at the door was kinda rude. She got irritated when I asked for the top 3 rolls because I wasn't sure what to get. Then when I came inside to pick up my order the woman at the door asked me what I ordered and I only got 2 words out and she cut me off & flagged her hand at me basically telling me to be stop talking. I don't know if it was because I'm a young black girl but I was very polite. I won't be returning.Small place but the food was really good. We had the duck roll appetizer which was amazing and then spicy salmon, shrimp tempura and philly rolls and everything was delicious. The wasabi and ginger were very fresh and the fish wasn't the least bit fishy. Definitely recommend.Hayashi Sushi is by far the best sushi place I've ever ordered from. When I went to pick up my food, their waiter greeted me very kindly and you can tell right away they're taking their safety precautions very seriously. The Dinner Special Bento Box I ordered was extremely affordable for everything they include. I also ordered extra sashimi and it was very fresh, I would definitely recommend ordering the sashimi. Overall, great experience and will definitely be visiting again soon!The sushi here is excellent. There one special here, three rolls and soup for $13 or two rolls for $10 is a steal of a deal! The service is excellent it's BYOB, the fish is very fresh. Really impressed by The food it's time I visited, they also offer poke bowls! having the spot in the neighborhood is a real treat and it's about time!Were it not for the 2020 pandemic at my time of posting this, I would not have discovered this place. Hayashi probably has the best sushi in West Philly. The portions they give you combined with the freshness of the ingredients and the reasonable pricing just make it a super solid choice for Japanese offerings. I also get my orders from here fairly quickly and they're always well-packaged -- with good quality chopsticks, too!
The only reason I'm knocking off one star is that I remember that I got some eel-based roll with my first order here and it didn't impress me. Other than that first time? Every thing else I've gotten here has been excellent, with the quality of their salmon being a particular highlight.
Also, if you want sushi during lunch hours, their 2 or 3 roll lunch option is incredibly worth the money. They give you a fairly large percentage of the menu to choose from with no additional fees, whereas most other restaurants lock you into a set pre-chosen spread (that usually has really lame/cheap choices).The sushi, while big and fresh looking, didn't really hit all the marks for good rolls for me. There was a sweetness to the salmon and tuna rolls and a fishiness that you don't usually taste in fresh sushi, and the difference between the tuna fish in the tuna avocado and the plain tuna roll was extremely noticeable, with different colors and textures of fish, I've never seen that before. The salmon was tender though, and the place finished my order quickly.I'm so happy that Hayashi Sushi exists in my neighborhood and so glad it is back open for takeout during the shut down. Everything we have ordered here has been solid, from the appetizers to specialty rolls to ramen. Tried the vegetarian poke bowl with zucchini noodles last and that was refreshing and super fresh. 
When I picked up my order last night, it was very easy to be socially distanced.  They even gave us 2 free face masks with our takeout. Please give this restaurant your business!FYI THE CHEFS DO NOT WEAR MASKS WHILE
PREPARING FOOD. For the record we use to go here all the time (and LOVED this place) pre-covid, so just posting this as a general heads up (not an argument starter) and a disappointed [avid] former customer. Do with it what you will.Had a sushi craving. Quick search on Yelp - Hayashi Sushi was in the area. Stopped for lunch. Grab and go, eat in the car typa day. Very happy with the rolls I ordered. The miso soup hit the spot. Will definitely be back for more!It really is nice to have this cozy sushi place in the neighborhood. We ended up here on a sleety Saturday night. We brought wine, ordered a pot of hot tea and settled in. We started with the sashimi. It was very good and the presentation was just beautiful. It was dotted with flowers, greenery and even a glow-y blue light backdrop as well as fresh salmon and tuna. It was a star of the night. The miso soup was good...not so memorable but just fine. I ordered three rolls, spicy tuna, spicy salmon and jalapeño albacore. They were all fine but I didn't taste any difference in the spice level. As in no spice level at all. That was a bit disappointing. However, the presentation was lovely. Lots of attention to detail. ..flowers decorating the edge of the plate and greenery in the middle of the plate. It's also a cozy spot. Our server was attentive and kind and they allowed us to linger over our second bottle of wine and talk while the night outside was cold and icy. This is a really great option for West Philly.Hands down the best Sushi restaurant in the city. Beyond excellent service and the food is incredibly delicious and fresh.We decided to have a picnic in Clark Park and decided to check out Hayashi. Hayashi is rather inconspicuous storefront but has fantastic food. My partner and I ordered custom poke bowls (seen in the picture). Both of us loved our bowls, each selecting Tuna as our protein. The portions were generous and you get to choose 3 toppings and 3 finishes in addition to protein. Our favorites were edamame, seaweed (this is actually seaweed salad), and kimchi. I got the wasabi peas in mine - note that they are crunchy so keep that in mind if the rest of your bowl is soft foods. You can't go wrong between the wasabi aoli and spicy aoli sauces. Both bowls came with miso soup. We ordered on Grubhub through yelp and the food was ready within 20 minutes. Highly recommended, we will certainly be back soon.I have ordered from here multiple times and have not been disappointed yet! The order is ALWAYS made so quickly and taste just as delicious each time!Sushi was excellent. Spicy seafood soup was full of seafood and just the right amount of spice. Will definitely be back to try some more things.Wonderful sushi!! Raw fish was super fresh & it all tasted amazing. The rolls were not small which is always a plus. I am stickler for spicy mayo and the sauce was perfect! I will be coming back whenever I can!First time ever trying sushi was from here and have been ordering it ever since. Everything here is super fresh and the chicken and shrimp potstickers are AMAZINGGGG. The only reason I'm not giving 5 stars is because a couple times they've forgotten a couple minor things in my order but the food is so damn good i don't even care lolIf you wNt to find the world best sushi u can always go here. This is the best sushi in town and i love it. Food is so fresh and service was good i can wait come here again because this is the best place to be in town. Give it a try and you will like itOur new go to sushi place!! Came here for dinner on Saturday evening. We were greeted and seated promptly by the waitress/hostess. She was very pleasant and asked us if we wanted an ice bucket for our wine (FYI it is a BYOB which is awesome). We ordered the duck wraps for our app which were amazing--highly recommend! My partner and I each ordered the dinner sushi special which had a lot of awesome options to choose from and came with soup or salad--more awesome. The presentation of the sushi was gorgeous and the check came with pocky sticks. What an amazing new little place to add to our west philly community!So on my pandemic-2020 journey through the West Philadelphia restaurant scene for takeout dinner, I discovered a new favorite this past Friday. Now, granted, I'm not a connoisseur of poke, (yet), but the bowl I had for dinner from Hayashi Sushi and Poke was abnormally delicious for what was really just a bowl of seasoned and sauced vegetables and fish. My partner, who got a vegetarian version of such a bowl, was also quite impressed, so an excellent choice for stricter vegetarians as well.
I was looking for a dinner option that would be on the lighter side and inclusive of by fresh, raw vegetables. You would automatically think "salad" but I HATE getting salads as my main meal, so I wanted something more substantial. Yelp to the rescue - the reviews for HSP looked promising, and after my first ever poke bowl in LA last winter, I was curious to try more.
So glad I did. I did a custom poke bowl, and while I won't go into detail about all the options you get, the standouts were definitely the zucchini noodles and the spicy tuna. I think if I got just a bowl of those "zoodles" and fish, that would have made me perfectly happy on its own. Well, keep the edamame too - I really like edamame. 
My partner got fried tofu as his protein and white rice as his base. We were both surprised by how filling the seemingly small bowls ended up being. The awesome miso soup (which automatically comes with poke bowls) probably helped with that. Miso soup is another thing I'm relatively new to - I told my partner THIS IS SO GOOD, and his response was, well, yes, but also pretty standard for miso soup, which is always good. 
It's such a win when trying new foods and styles of cooking and your early attempts happen to be at a fantastic spot. Excited to come back for more delicious poke, and to explore more of the menu too!Their poke bowls are huuuge, you really get your money's worth. I liked the chicken teriyaki as well, the hibachi dinner was tasty though the portions of meat were a little small as I dont really eat too many vegetables. Bento box is also super good, lots of variety  though a tad bit pricy for the neighborhood. Overall I'm thrilled to have then in the neighborhoodThe food is good.  I had the chicken teriyaki and miso soup!  I appreciate the healthy portions they give you.Hayashi Sushi & Poke is really a gem of this area. There's a great ambiance to it. Most of the food items are magnificent, their menu is fantastic, I really like their Boston Roll. The team was very pleasant and service is fantastic. We can't wait to go back.Really solid and tasty sushi for a great price - going rate of other spots that I've seen, at least for the lunch 2 or 3 roll specials (11 or 14$) so definitely a decent deal. Comes with a soup or salad - the salad had a v tasty dressing tooFish was extremely fishy and didn't seem to be prepared properly. Difficult to eat without fear of getting sickA new favorite!
My partner and I are sushi fanatics, so had to try this new place. Hayashi is well deserving of the good reviews, as the service was amazing, the sushi was satisfying and the ambiance was inviting. 
We ordered the Kani Salad (5+, the best take on this simple salad I've ever had), the crispy salmon gyoza (4, unique, the gauc worked surprisingly well. I thought they were decent, but my partner loved them), 3 dinner rolls special (4.5, usually only a lunch option so, it's a nice, inexpensive option), the sunset (4.5) and the fox lady (4) special rolls. Both were bright and big, but could have used just a little more punch. 
This place was so close to a 5, I'll be going back soon for a second take for sure. Highly recommend!Yum! We ordered the Thai tea, Veggie dragon roll, and a few other sushi rolls. Everything was delicious. My only complaint is that the delivery driver did not notify me that the food was dropped off.Ordered take out:
Crunchy crab roll 
Shrimp and avocado roll 
Futomaki 
Fried tempura vegetables 
Very affordable price for the quality of the food. Would def come back.I'm really enjoying this place. They offer delicious sushi at affordable prices. I love the sushi lunch special. 
They also seem to be taking Covid-19 seriously and are always masked when I arrive. They even have new/used pens separated for signing your credit card receipt.Great spot! We went there on a Saturday night and it was surprisingly empty. My only issue was that we had slower service because there was seemingly just one server. Other than that it was amazing!! We got three rolls (the one closest is Boston roll) and they were all delicious!So happy to have good sushi in west philly  They are also very nice!!! We always get the spicy tuna roll, spicy salmon roll, yellowtail jalapeño roll, miso soup & the shrimp rolls are super yummy too!Have gone here twice and every time had been enjoyable. I really liked the Thai tea and the duck rolls.They have a pretty good set up for pick up that's mostly non contact, would have preferred to pay via phone but that wasn't an option.
A little pricy for what you get, BUT, the sushi pizza they have on the menu is AMAZING. Will always be part of my orders going forward, hope it never leaves their menu. 
Sushi is good. But the wow factor is the sushi pizzaThe food was delicious!! Ordered delivery and they were super quick to arrive too. This is by far my favorite restaurant in the neighborhood!How come we did not know this sushi joint around a corner in our neighborhood !? We ordered sushi deluxe, sashimi deluxe, rolls, and soft shell crabs. We loved them all.. Good variety of fish, nice package presentation with lily, and hot and steamy crabs!! We will be back, for sure. Thank you, Hayashi sushi!Very good!! Wish they had WiFi, my phone doesn't get good signal in there. Will be back!Hayashi Sushi is one of my favorite places to eat/get take out (thanks, Covid). The sushi/sashimi/maki is always really fresh with big pieces of fish, and all of the cooked food that I've tried has been great. They've gotten extremely busy lately so would add about ten minutes on to their estimate for pick up times.New Sushi and Poke restaurant recently opened in my neighborhood and I went for lunch. They have a big menu and are open for lunch, dinner, takeout and party tray! Tuesday through Sunday. 
 I ordered off the lunch menu- they have Bento Lunch, Sushi lunch and Lunch rolls special. I had lunch rolls special ( which comes with miso soup or salad). I had miso soup. It was very good and not too salty. My two rolls were vegetarian - Spinach Shitake and Cucumber Avocado. Both were delicious!! I also ordered a hot appetizer = shrimp shumai . Very good. 
Everyone very nice. Very clean. I will definitely come back! Welcome to our neighborhood!Hayashi Sushi never ceases to amaze me! Their sushi is so fresh and delicious and their delivery is incredibly fast. I just got my order in 25 minutes flat! Can't recommend this place enough.Bought a tasty little California roll for lunch, which came with a free package of Pocky. Fabulous asset to the neighborhood, which has lacked sushi. Would definitely trust these folks with a more sophisticated order. Staff was cheerful. Tipped well because I'm thrilled they are here and they deserve support.Solid neighborhood sushi spot for west philly.  We ordered the chef sushi special for 2 for takeout. The spicy tuna roll was surprisingly good.  The dragon roll was also good. The paired pieces were good but not all were hits. The yellowfin probably stood out the most.  All in all a good addition to west philly choices.Poke and scallion cakes are superb. I wish they put more salmon in their bowls, that's my only complaint but other than that, they're quick and it's a great place to eat.Hayashi Sushi & Poke is a good go-to sushi place in West Philly. I really like the sushi lunch special - it includes three rolls of your choosing and the choice of a salad or miso soup on the side. I would recommend the spicy tuna roll!!!I ordered two orders of their poke bowls. It was okay... I chose sushi rice as the base for the bowl but when I went and tried it, it tasted like plain white rice :/ they must've either gotten it wrong OR their sushi rice just did not have enough of the vinegar in the ratio. I was super disappointed to find that there were barely any salmon in the bowl. I barely even noticed there was fish in it. Although, I will say, they gave a good amount of seaweed salad in the bowl. Overall, the price was expensive for what they gave. Food wasn't terrible, just disappointed by the sushi rice and lack of salmon.