Great food and staff! As this is a new place to the area, the staff takes time and explains menu options.   I like having this option in the area for lunch.Don't think twice. Come to Heffe and order the hot dog sandwich. It's a hot dog, butterflied and grilled, on a bun with the most bonkers flavors and textures. Extremely messy. Insanely tasty. Oh God, so good.if i could give this place no stars i would.They over charged me and didn't give my money back!!  my burrito bowl was $15 dollars and only gave me 3 pieces of meat and it was disgusting tough. I ordered chips with pico and received guacamole instead which was 4 dollars extra than what I wanted. When I said why so much i was told it was tax. My chips where so stale it was hard to eat.  Overall do better PERIOD.Frankly, I don't understand how anyone has had a good experience at Heffe.  The staff was inattentive and unfriendly right off the bat.  That being said,  places can have bad service and still have good food, and we had been interested in stopping by the Fishtown location for some time, so we figured we'd give them a shot anyway.  I ordered the Almost Pastor tacos, my friend ordered the Fat Man burrito, and we got the poutine to share.  The tacos were bland and boring.  The pineapple was less than fresh, the pork was tough, and it seems they completely forgot any seasoning whatsoever.  I took a couple bites and just didn't feel like it was worth the calories, so I gave up.
The burrito was sizeable, so my friend suggested we just share that instead.  The burrito and poutine however, were completely the opposite.  There was plenty of flavor, and would be great if your preferred flavor is salt, and only salt.  The poutine was so salty that the other flavors didn't come through at all.  I think my blood pressure went up 20 points by the first bite.  The Fat Man burrito was just totally inedible.  Unless you happen to be a horse, or some other animal that enjoys a salt lick.  It was seriously gross.  After a couple bites, we actually decided to toss all the food and went next door to Stockyard to split a sandwich instead.  We didn't see the point in complaining since the staff was less than cordial from the beginning.   
I was hoping that maybe it was just an "off" night - it would be really cool to have a decent taco place in this neighborhood.  Unfortunately, based on the other negative reviews and how truly terrible our experience was, it's just not worth another try.  The tacos really do suck, and so did everything else about our experience.I was very excited for this place to open. I live down the street and mexican food is my favorite. There's not a lot of places within walking distance to even go eat at besides the usual pizza and sandwiches. However, I was a little disappointed. I'm a vegetarian so my opinion is a little bias, but the food was very average. You walk in and order on touch screens. They really need a "build your own option". The vegetarian options were very limited. I did however like that the veg options were pretty healthy. I went with the veg bowl which was average - filling because of the egg and quinoa but nothing special with the taste. Kinda salty too. We waited a long time for our food (considering it's supposed to "fast"). They didn't offer any hot sauce or anything to fill up on the side - instead they had ketchup and mustard which is just so strange for a taco place. There's additional seating upstairs, but it kind of smells like a bathroom up there. The wait staff was very friendly. 
I don't see myself trying this place again, it was nothing extraordinary at all.Okay so we were so hesitant to try this place but we are SO GLAD we did. The service was friendly and accommodating, the quesadilla with chipotle chicken was amazing! Guacamole is fresh and so so good. I literally can't be more pleased with this place. Five stars will definitely be back!!!This is an HONEST review from someone who enjoys eating delicious authentic Mexican tacos. I didn't know what to expect from Heffe in regards to their slogan "TACOS THAT DONT SUCK".  Let me tell you that the tacos are DELICIOUS with FRESH ingredients! And OMG, the churros are not that frozen crap you get from some Mexican restaurants in Philly.  In fact, they are homemade churros that are hard to come by. They also have good customer service with ample dining space. Kiosks are convenient so you don;t have to wait in line.I've gotten takeout from here a few times now. They are pretty quick, and the food has been excellent every time. The Diablo quesadilla is fantastic! The interior of the space isn't very inviting, but it's a great takeout spot!Not quite good, but not quite bad. This place fills a niche for tacos and burritos, but they're not very consistent. But they've only been open for a week, so I'll give them the benefit of the doubt. Things are usually either too salty, too bland, or too spicy. Not a bit fan. If you want a novel on why, read on, or else stop right here and move on.
I have personally never been to their Fishtown location, but according to the staff, this place has a more expended menu. The location recently opened up (last week as of the intial posting of this review) from the remains if a Chinese takeout place. There's two floors. The ordering area is on the first floor, additional seating is on the second floor, along with the restrooms. The entrance way is a bit narrow and the lower level can be a bit cold on wintery days as the doors can get open by the breeze of patrons opening the front door to go in and out. Second floor seating is recommended for those looking to eat in. The logo is apparently based off of Boss Tweed, if you are wondering. 
I went a few times before their official opening week (this week). I've tried their burritos, tacos, platter, and chili. Overall the taste is flavorful, not too rich (or salty). Your order is freshly prepared, so its nice and hot, if it doesn't end up sitting in the counter for a while. The overall quality varies. I've had the fish burrito and the beef tacos with hard-shell tortillas (very rare to have in most taco places in  the area). Sometimes the meat comes out all greasy. This affects the overall taste and is a bit of a turn off for some people, like me. The tortillas shells were also stale on the taco I got and the toppings were missing as well. I usually eat in, but this time I got tacos for take out, so I didn't realize until I got back of the problem. Needless to say, for a pair of tacos at $7, I was pretty disappointed.
I gave them another chance on their official opening week and tried their whitefish platter. At $11, it was a bit underwhelming. The platter came with two decently-sized pieces of freshly fried fish, on a bed of house-made rice, with roasted corn on the cobb, slathered with their special sauce. It tasted good and fresh overall, the fish lacked seasoning, but it's how I like it. Not to salty and not too rich (or greasy this time). The portions were sized well, but I feel that the kernel should have been portioned off the cobb, for easier eating.
This place has a chili as well. Its $5 for a cup, but it's more like a dry stew than a chili. Despite its name it very thick and dry, there seemed to be big chunks beef and there along with beans so its very hearty. It's not as soupy as you would expect from most places. The taste overall was a bit saltier and richer than I like it. The seasoning wasn't too strong, but the spiciness was on the low-end. Barely any kick, so it might disappoint those that looking for a bit of an edge.
One more try with the Tijuana Poutine. It was salty. Not just regular salty, but I-should-find-something-to-wash-my-mouth-out kind of salty. Not due to the fries or the pickled jalapeños. What was the cause you ask? It was the Macho Chili (it wasn't as salty the last time I tried it). If you get this starter, a drink is HIGHLY recommended. The saltiness wraps around your mouth so much that you can't even taste the rest of the stuff. The egg doesn't add to it at all, it feels more like a decoration than anything. The portion was big, but very disappointing. 
Their "Mexican Soup" or rather Minestrone Soup with Chorizo was overly spicy. While I can handle some spice, the amount of spiciness was overpowering and detracted from the taste of the soup. It's a spiciness that creeps up on you the more you eat it. It detract from the overall taste as the more you eat the less you'll be able to taste the soup. Soda or juice is not a recommended compliment to the soup as it ruin the balance, like if you tried to wash out the bitter taste of straight up spoon of tabasco with Coke or Sprite. This side is not a good paring with any dish or as a standalone. Milk Bubble Tea from iTea will help you wash the taste out, if the spice is too much for you.
Service overall is friendly, but the quality can be inconsistent, especially around the lunch rush. The taste varies wildly to the point that I question what the all those chefs in the kitchen are doing. The lead chef should at least taste a portion of what comes out. 
Those looking for good "Mexican" fare might be disappointed, but if you're looking for a somewhat healthy freshly made meal, and don't mind things things fried, this place is a decent choice. It definitely fills a niche for tacos, burrito, and the like. Worth a try if your hungry and want to try something different. It's certainly different from your typical taco/burrito place. I want to like this place, but I can't. There's not much consistency at all between menu items.This is such a great addition to the neighborhood! We got a few things and were really happy. The carne asada fries were so good; we absolutely wolfed those down. I also loved my polo yo tacos. My husband got the fat man burritos and the pickled jalapeños had too strong a flavor for his taste but overall we're very happy we stopped in here tonight  would definitely recommend.Good taco place. You get two tacos for about eight dollars. The girls in the back are very new. It was more like social hour.I've been a huge fan of the Fishtown location and was so excited to see we have this new location with an expanded menu and indoor seating. We got a few of our favorite things, the Mac Daddy Tacos (unmissable, these are delicious) and Kracken Tacos (my personal staple) and tried the Ridge Runner Torta hot dog sandwich as a new adventure. This sandwich was over the top good. Super messy, totally worth it. The spicy kick and textures and flavors were just so surprising. We can barely wait to make our way through the other expansions on the menu. The staff here was super friendly and we're glad to have them in the neighborhood. Give them a little bit to work out the new location kinks and this place will be your new favorite thing!Just ordered the Merman Taco and it was completely DISGUSTING!!! When this establishment first opened the food was good and fresh. I don't know what happened over the past couple of months but they have taken a total nose dive. I didn't pay much attention to the smell coming from my bag at first but once opened I knew something was wrong. The smell was obviously due to either the ancho mayo or pineapple relish going bad or a combination of both. The fish looked like a dried up chicken nugget and had that obvious frozen fish taste! YUCK!! Needless I threw it all away!!! Just throw the whole restaurant away!! Never againi was happy to see a taco spot open near my school. i ordered the "almost pastor" tacos and side of chili. i came out slightly disappointed though.
tacos tasted good however there could have been more spice. i like the pineapple component of al pastor tacos but these seemed like they were dripping in diluted pineapple juice.. also felt like they skimped on portions. & you only get one tortilla per taco. all real taco places use 2 per taco. for almost $8 for 2 tacos, i was disappointed. 
also there was no side of hot sauce or salsa verde or anything. just one slice of lime.
it was already a bad sign that each order just had 2 tacos in it. and no they cannot add more to make 3. 
the chili was alright, it mostly had chunks of beef in itOrdered a vegetarian burrito bowl here,  the staff was incredibly inattentive. More importantly , I couldn't even eat what I ordered because the bottom of the bowl was entirely filled with oil and water. $9 down the drain for inedible food.We were so excited when the spring garden location opened since we never got over to the Fishtown spot and we live a couple blocks away. We ordered a variety - tacos, burrito, quesadilla and the chips and guacamole. It was okay. Quickly after eating both my husband and my stomach was upset making a necessary trip to the bathroom. Overall, disappointed. Hoping things get better after they are opened a bit longer.Heffe was recommended to me from a friend and ever since I have visited multiple times. Located on the corner of Frankford ave in fishtown, the taco stand is accessible for both walkers and driving. The tacos are beyond delicious and the burritos come with very generous portions that you need to take it home most of the time. This is a great place to go for lunch or a late night snack since they are open until 3am!I'm not pulling any punches, this place isn't good.  There are 2 options in the immediate vicinity that deserve your dollars and serve much better food.  Complete Becky spot.  American cheese?  What are you doing?  Go away.  
#1 El Purepecha on 10th
#2 La Marqueza on the community college.  
This place makes me miss the dumpy seedy Chinese restaurant they replaced.Heffe is really going to need to step up their game if they want to be established in this neighborhood. The food I had was so forgettable I can't even remember it's name; some kind of quesadilla that was just...fine. Not really flavorful, but also not bland either. There are definitely better taco/Mexican spots in this neighborhood and from what I've had, they're not threatened at all by Heffe's presence.Are they for real? 
Please explain to me why is this place in Bussines? I went there and I felt like training the whole staff n costumer service. Let's cook!!!! 
Side note some places has food that suck, but man the attention is outstanding. I hope I can contact the owner and let him know how to turn this place into a great Bussiness!!!
They have such a great location and what are they doing????Decent food but really slow service. Expect to wait at least half an hour for anything on their menu.I have been wanting to come here and really WANTED to like this place. Perhaps I caught it on the wrong day so would be open to trying it again. It was a Chipotle-like set up but their set menu items were all things that I found to e strange combinations. I went in just wanting a simple burrito or simple tacos. A lot of their pre-set items included fried chicken. Perhaps it tasted good but many people are not into having fried chicken in their burritos. There were two young ladies behind the counter helping me. One was training the other who was presumably "new" but the one that was doing the training couldn't seem to enter my simple order in the computer the right way. On the third try I thought that she got it, but it wasn't until I got home that I realized that my husband was given beef tacos and not the chicken tacos that I had ordered for him. I thought about driving it back but I had already waited 20 minutes there risking getting a ticket since I only put 12 minutes on the meter and didn't want to go back again. I love Mexican food and supporting small business but given my experience here I will not be back.Wow!! Heffe's was great. The inside is brand new, but limited seating! I ordered the carne asada bowl, and it was absolutely delicious. The bowl was flavorful, the meat was juicy and tender, and most importantly it was a filling meal. 
I was so impressed by the food here I will definitely be back! 
Also the prices are very fair and the service is friendly and efficient. I wish there were more stars to give this fast casual gem!The other Heffe's is significantly better for some reason. This place is trash. Their rice is always hard and dry, service is the worst and unless you're paying for sauces or sour creme, you will be eating dry food. 
Gave it too many chances to always disappoint.Two great meals in this place which is an area that has no other Mexican food options! 
The keypad ordering system is easy to use, and the tacos are so tasty. The staff is really friendIy.
I ordered the Merman fish taco on the Wawa-like touchscreen. How easy! It was a perfect portion of nicely done fish and veggies. Not too spicy. You can always add hotter sauce, after all. The pineapple relish added a unique taste. I also tasted the Betty Won't vegan burrito which was equally yummy! 
You can add / subtract items if you want, which is good. There was a sign that build-your-own bowls are coming soon.
They have a small waiting area downstairs with a few hightop seats, and an upstairs dining room. It looks like they will have some outdoor seating in the front, eventually. The restroom is upstairs. The only thing is that it is pretty noisy upstairs with loud music and a high volume of people talking when it's crowded. Also, there are TVs. Not sure why they need them. I couldn't hear my companions that well during lunch. 
But, the food outweighs the noise level. I can't wait to go again and try something new.Tried to give them a second chance after terrible customer service first time around where the person forgot our order and then got angry that I had to remind them after waiting for 20 mins. Tried ordering takeout second time around but only got as far as talking to the rude manager for about 30 seconds before he started telling me as the "manager of the store that they don't have steak fajitas on their menu" no wonder you have such terrible customer service reviews. Will never bother to try again. Also, maybe you should update your menu because it clearly says steak fajitas.This place has been on a steady decline ever since Poe left to go open up his own restaurant.  They got rid of the touch-screen computers so you have to place your order manually now. This wouldn't be a big deal, except the service is slow, slow, slow, when both operating the cash register and cooking the food.  It's hard to go wrong with a burrito stuffed with french fries, but it's definitely not what it was when it first opened all shiny and new.My office is on Spring Garden and we've always had limited lunch options nearby.  Since Heffe opened, I've probably gone at least 3x a week.  It's a new place and it's working out its kinks, but the staff is nice, the food is good and the upstairs sitting area is the best on the block.  The "Willie Make It" burrito filled with chili and chorizo and WAFFLE FRIES (!) is the bomb, and it always lasts me two meals.  The tacos are also good too, although you may want more than one order if you're super hungry.  I also like that they now have a "make your own bowl" option in case you feel like pretending to be healthy.  Anyway, a welcome addition to the neighborhood.Spare yourself from ordering at this hot garbage place.
Yes there food is okay, but their service and management is as repulsive as a garbage baby baking in the hot sun. I can't tell you how much to not order here, unless you want to perptuate terrible service and awful atmosphere.
My friends and I had place nearly an 80 dollar order on their online website, and it was expected to arrive at 8:05. At eight thirty we called, and they stated that the food was on their way. And then at nine we called again, and then they stated they couldn't find our order. The change of information was mildly annoying, so we prodded further, and then they said the found the order and it was still on the way. The third time we called, it was 9:45. We stated we didn't have our order, and they kept saying that it was on its way if we ordered it, but they weren't sure if the order came through. The credit card was charged, and we had the order number and again they stated, Oh we have that order. Finally, we decided to ask for a refund, since if the order did by miracle come by it would be soggy and gross. They stated they couldn't issue a refund because the driver hadn't gotten back now. This is now two hours after we expected the order, and two and half hours after we ordered. Then we called again, and no one was answering, we called fifteen times and nothing. Finally we called the other location, and they stated that we should try them again. We did and they answered. The still refused to give us a refund because they couldn't confirm 100 percent that we didn't recieve the order. They didn't trust us. Because they thought we were just trying to get free food. (because that's how we wanna spend our friday night, trying to score free food by bothering a place of business.)
Then finally just before they closed, they said they would call us in the morning to issue a refund. They did not call, we had to call them ourselves. And then they said we would have to come into a reissue a refund. So we physicall reissued a refund, where the general manager of god awful service, gave us attitude called my friend a dick, and told us not to raise our voices.
In conclusion, Don't go here, don't buy here. Instead support authentic mexican food places, that care about their patrons. Otherwise you'll end up with service that would make you wanna get a lobotomy.I wanted to like this place, but I was disappointed. I had gotten the Fat Man burrito via delivery from the Fishtown location a few times (and it was decent) so I was excited when a Heffe opened up on Spring Garden! The new store looks nice and they have an intuitive touch screen ordering system to streamline the process. The service was fine and the place appeared clean. The problem was the food - we ordered the chicken bowl, chips with pico de gallo, the "Philthy" street corn. The bowl was overall super dry with the chicken and rice both far overcooked and dried out. The chips were fine but the pico de gallo consisted of chopped tomatoes only with very little else. Maybe we went at an off hour (7:30 PM on a Thursday?) and they deserve another shot - but until then, two stars. Unlikely to return.This place is called "Heffe Tacos That Don't Suck," yet, I wouldn't know if the tacos suck or not because there isn't a vegetarian taco on the menu. 
I ended up with the "Betty Won't" burrito, which was adequate at best. True to the name, it didn't suck.The fish taco and fish burrito were amazing. The sauces are a nice additional as well. Everything taste fresh and the cashier was friendly. I'm glad I tried this place.I would argue that a fundamental element of a burrito is that it is tightly wrapped to contain all of the deliciousness. Given that my Willie "Burrito" came precut in half, I would argue that it is actually a wrap. It was decent tasting, but at $8 it felt like a bit of a rip off and I left wishing I had gotten pizza or food from a nearby halal truck. 
The decor is cool, staff seem nice, and I think the touchscreens will be cool when there is a rush, but absent a fundamental shift in their definition of burrito, I won't be going back again.I stopped in on a whim a little after 8 p.m. on a Thursday while on my way home from the airport, having just returned from a business trip.  The moment I walked in, I was very cheerfully greeted, and the friendly woman working directed my attention toward their various menu boards and specials.  She remained exceptionally pleasant as I placed my order and even thanked me by name after I gave it to her (and she saw my credit card).
After I placed my order, I sat down to wait for my food and was surprised to see such poor Yelp reviews about the service since it had immediately struck me as so great.  As I was waiting (and reading Yelp reviews about the poor service...kind of meta), the woman working came over and offered me a free house-made sangria or margarita, which supposedly was some special that came with certain orders that evening.  That sounded fantastic after the travel I'd just done earlier in the day, so I eagerly accepted, and she brought me a little plastic cup of margarita that she told me she'd prepared herself.  It wasn't a large quantity, and it was a little thick and sweet for my tastes -- but it was boozy, and I certainly appreciated the gesture.
I don't remember the name of the burrito I ordered, but it was something made with quinoa and veggies.  For not containing any cheese or meat products, I found the overall texture surprisingly creamy and dense.  I was offered and accepted some house-made hot sauce, which was more like a very thin, very hot salsa, and I thought that was so good I'd almost consider going back to Heffe for that alone.  The burrito came with beans and rice as a side (though I also could have opted for chips), which were much heavier on the rice than the beans.  Despite my large appetite from travelling, I could not quite finish everything and was happy to finish the leftovers the next day.
I'm surprised my experience diverged so much from that of other Yelpers; it almost seems like we went to different places.  I'm curious to return to Heffe sometime soon to see whether there's any consistency to the great service I received.They got my order wrong. Soft tacos instead of hard. And each  which were supposed to be the same were made differently. The cheese was on only 2 of the 4. Much too much salsa on 1 and 2 had none. The order was placed when they were not busy and arrived quickly but looked liked they were put together by a blind person. The same tacos from the fish town location were the best tacos ever. These were the worst.I should followed my gut instinct and not go here. I got the merman tacos and as you can see these wet looking fishies are a disgrace. I already was Leary because it smelled  funny through the container and then when I opened it, i  see this mess! I am so annoyed I wasted my money on this foolishness! The guy at the counter said the fish was seasoned...lies!!! Never again! Moral to the story... follow your gut... it knows best especially when it comes to food
The churros were good though ... that's what the one star is forThese tacos definitely do suck. Not traditional not quality. Try any other place. Weird flavor options. Terrible sides. Cold tacos. Only one tortilla option. Crap burrito. I can go onThis place was awesome when it first opened on Spring Garden but just got dinner there tonight and it was very disappointing. The Kracken tacos, normally amazing, were dry and flavorless. The Guido nachos had soggy nachos and burnt to a crisp fries mistakenly in the dish. 
Not sure if it was because there was the dinner rush and only one cook working (the cashier had to go in the back to help him out). Regardless I'm hoping they can figure it outI create a veg bowl when I come here. It's very tasty just too expensive for the portion. 5 stars for taste...2 stars for the price. I also have experienced different prices and different portions depending on the employee. Sometimes I can make the veg bowl into about 2 meals and other times its just one expensive meal considering there's  no meat. They charge for the pepperonata (peppers and onions ) as a protein which it would be better if it was just one of the veggie options to  choose from when picking different items to put in the bowl.The burritos I just had for dinner were pretty loco. I lived within a block of like six different Mexican restaurants for two years so I kind of have this expectation for burritos that the fat man burrito didn't match. It was in a burrito wrap and had rice and chicken but that's where the similarities between the burrito and every other one I have had end. It had some weird stuff in it. To be honest I wasn't into it. It wasn't terrible but it just wasn't great. It was kind of dry. There weren't that many beans in it. There was some weeeeird pickled cabbage.
I should say that I thought the service was pretty nice. I ordered pick up and the lady who answered the phone was sweet. She kept calling me love but was very professional. When I went to pick up the food ten minutes later they were quick to get me the food and take my money.
I had "nachos" on the side which is code for fried tortilla chips with some cheese whiz on the side. They were ratchet. When did that become acceptable to substitute for cheese? The home made hot sauce also wasn't good. It was really vinegary.
Normally I eat my Mexican food at el Purpecha but I chose Heffe because Purpecha is closed on Sundays. Maybe another Sunday I will come back but I hope for improvements in the food quality.I went to this place right after class looking for something quick to eat. I didn't know what to expect, but it was worth it. The food was delicious and for a fair price. I believe I paid 5 bucks for my meal which was a steal. The only issue with the meal was some of the rice being under cooked. The service was great, the cashier offered me a beverage during my wait. The drink she served me was super sweet but tasty. I look forward to coming here again to try something else to boost the review rating.Went for lunch with co-workers on a Friday afternoon.  I had the Plain Jane tacos and they were tasty.  The meat was seasoned and a good quality beef.  The hardshell tacos did not fall apart and were crunchy.  I loved how the tomatoes were at the bottom of the taco so they didn't fall off the top.  Lettuce and cheese were very fresh.  The service was slow but they were very nice...it was busy on a Friday afternoon.  The seating area upstairs was comfortable.  I also ordered a side of guac and it was limey and tasty, nice amount of onion and red peppers.  Got some self-service taco sauce that was in a large pump and put it in a cup for sharing. Everyone liked and added it to their food. Overall good experience.I was in town for a business meeting and I decided to stop here with two of my colleagues. We originally wanted to order steak but they were out of it, so we ordered the same thing (3) chicken bowls and 1 order of guacamole. 
We completed our meals and we headed back to our meeting. Within 2 hours, all three of us were severely sick (I'll spare you the details). This went on for the entire night and into the next day for all three of us. 
The next day I decided to call the restaurant to inform them of what had just went on and the woman on the phone said the manager wasn't in but he would call me today. This is a SERIOUS issue and I was not contacted back! I wanted nothing more other than to inform the manager of this issue, in order to prevent other people from getting sick. 
STAY AWAY!!!!First of all I have never actually been to either location so I cannot speak to the service or the ambiance. What I can say is that they make pretty good tacos. We have twice ordered The Merman and the Polo Yo tacos for delivery. The whole family loved them and the quality was consistent each time.Last time I wandered in there, the place was smokey like when Dad burns the Thanksgiving turkey because mom got drunk and passed out mid-morning.
You never know what you're gonna get here - when it's good, it's good.  But during the aforementioned smokeout though...oof.  The familiar faces are gone, and now there's a banner proudly displaying "UNDER NEW MANAGEMENT".  No idea what's going on, but Sunday hours constantly change, and they never update the website.  I tried calling to order, and the phone rang twice then someone picked it up and hung up.  Closed on Sundays again?  Who knows?
I guess try it while you can (if you're a gambler)...they won't be around on Spring Garden much longer.  It's a shame, when the A-team was working the burritos were pretty tasty.Dang they no longer have the hot dog thing that I love so much. Anyways don't buy too much into the crappy reviews. A lot of them were written during the Heffe's first few weeks when they were figuring out how to properly run a restaurant. They've got it sorted out now and the service is just fine. More importantly, the food is excellent. Really innovative and delicious. Just go there and eat already.Regular tacos are okay, but won't be returning after the cold, cheeze-whiz nachos and freezing dining space. Seems like this place is doing everything they can to operate on a shoestring and it shows. Won't be going back.Pack it in, folks.  Spring Garden location is CLOSED.
Good to see they finally got around to updating the website...even if it was to wipe Spring Garden out of existence.I should have given it a 1 but I didn't try other things on the menu.  I had the chicken tacos and they were embarrassingly bad.  The one taco had a small speck of chicken and some mushed lettuce drenched in some sort of sauce.  Not a great experience.Unfortunately this is one of those wanted to love it but didn't reviews. We  ordered a ton of items to try out the menu and the only one we really enjoyed was the guido nachos. And they were really good, we would definitely return for them. The broccoli rabe and provolone were interesting toppings but delicious. We liked the chips as well, nice thick ones that didn't get soggy. 
And that's where the positivity stops. The plain jane tacos were inedible; the hard shell was STALE and chewy and the meat was nothing to write home about. The el pastor tacos just tasted like mango since they didn't have any really spice to them. The burrito tasted like a sweet potato in a wrap. And the guac seemed like it was scooped out of a commercial vat with absolutely no spice. They didn't even try to make it special. 
Overall all menu items lacked spice and seasoning. It's Mexican, play with the heat a little bit! Do yourself a favor and go next door to stockyard, one of the best options in Philly.Five. Freaking. Stars.
For so many reasons! I've been here a handful of times and recently had a kind of a bummer of a situation, but the owner, Anthony, was REALLY cool and went way above and beyond to remedy the situation. It's probably the best customer service I've had anywhere, and it goes a long way.
We got two burritos, both really awesome and definitely hit the spot for a post-workout dinner. We also had some snacks, a quesadilla (oh man, on friggin' point) and some chips and guac. All in all, stellar meal.
Keep on keepin' on Heffe. I'll be seeing you!I was excited to try this place because there's a serious lack of taco options on the Broad Street end up Fairmount/Francisville. Anyways, this place was really disappointing. The cashier seemed to be annoyed with our presence, but I pushed through the obvious disdain, and I ordered the queso fondito quesadilla thinking it was a cheese quesadilla. It listed on the menu that it had mushrooms, which I somehow missed, and was totally my fault. ANYWAYS, so I was surprised when I took my takeout order home, and my quesadilla was just packed with those slimy, canned mushrooms. Piles and piles of them (see photo). I did my best to pick them out, but yikes. I don't mind mushrooms, but never those canned ones. You expect that from fast food but not a small joint like Heffe. 
So, I go to dip my mushroom-scraped quesadilla into the "side of salsa," and it's... ketchup. No seriously. They gave me a side of crema and a side of ketchup. You know when you're expecting one flavor, and you get another? Ugh. 
Finally, I ordered the fries, which were probably the highlight of the meal; however, I paid the extra $1 for the cheese, which, surprise, I didn't receive. 
Sorry, Heffe: three strikes, and you're out. I'll just make the trek to Buena Onda when I need my taco fix in the area.THIS LOCATION IS NOW UNDER NEW MANAGEMENT. It's still a decent spot to get your fix, but the menu has been somewhat condensed -- very sad considering I came for the burger lunch special and they took it off the menu. *cries* 
I'm kind of surprised this place only has 3 stars. Although it's not "blow me out of the water" good, I've been very satisfied by every visit, from the tacos, to the waffle fries, to the burritos. 
I'm also a big fan of their chipotle hot sauce. It could be spicier, but it's got a depth of flavor that really adds to the meal.The hubby and I love this place!!! The price point is perfect and it is super affordable (the nachos are $6, the quesadilla is $8, the churros were $4 and the burritos were $8 I think)! The staff was very nice, the site was clean, and the upstairs was quiet with tvs. This is the third time I came here and they were on point every time!Place is at best mediocre.   I say "at best" because I'm assuming the peculiar metallic taste in my tacos was an anomaly and perhaps something to do with new equipment since place had just opened.   Anytime a joint has Pepsi only products you're eyebrows raise, after eating the food I'd say Pepsi fridge only is perfectly fitting.   Thumbs downmeat is dry, the beans are overcooked and dry, the taco shells are raw and dry. You could literally choke on the food. These are tacos that Do suckLast month, the service was fantastic. However, they got rid of some people and now both the service & the food are awful. I recommend going somewhere else if you want tacos. Do not go here.Skip this place. The tacos are far too expensive for what you get. I had the chicken tacos which were just ok.  The "nacho" cheese that comes with the chips doesn't taste like anything. Also, the cashier added a tip to my order without asking. Not worth it.The first time I ate there, I paid for my soup and waited 25 minutes while watching others who had arrived after me, recieve their food almost immediately.  I then politely asked if my soup would be ready soon. The man yelled to me with an annoyed look in his face. "It'll BE ready in a few minutes!"  Five minutes later he hands it to me, and it was 50% frozen. I politely sent it back, pointing out the problem, and he flipped out on me.  He yelled at me in front of everyone, giving others the impression that I was the one at fault and eventually he refunded my money.
Two months later I was walking by, didn't see the unfriendly man in the kitchen so i decided to order chicken soup, which I ate and even gave a piece to my small dog that was with me.  30 minutes later, at home, my dog and I both commenced a three day long food poisoning illness.  
I won't be returning to this place that doesn't even know how to correctly spell 'Boss' in Spanish. PATHETIC.Stopped in to try some things at the new Heffe location in Spring Garden. 
Atmosphere - small, but ample seating upstairs and hey have TVs up there which is great if you want to grab some tacos and kick it with your friends. 
Service - everyone was quick with the order and extremely friendly. 
Food- everything we had was delish! The homemade guac was AWESOME. Also loved the poutine with a perfectly gooey fried egg on top. The fat man burrito and almost pastor tacos we're both bursting with flavor, and the crispy chicken thigh tacos are not to be missed! For dessert- they have tasty churros for cheap and the flan is seriously out of the world (almost cheesecake like). 
Overall- would def recommend stopping in for lunch or dinner! The prices are low, the service is great, and the quality is spot on!Sitting around feeling like crap so I decide to enjoy my evening alone with some take out and Netflix.  The food was delicious. I hate myself even more. Cheap and dirty. But oh so good.Horrible food. Nachos were cold and missing several ingredients listed in the menu. i. e. Cheese!
Tacos were served with old beef. Location is freezing during colder months. They only use space heaters to heat. Good luck if you go here.Wow. What did I just eat? The chicken tacos were very dry and had no authentic Latin flavor, like what so ever!!  They were double corn soft, not heated or skillet warmed. So that was like eating a dry t-shirt with some fried chicken in it. The cheese overpowered everything else on the taco. Wait, I really don't want to refer to this as a taco anymore. The rice and beans couldn't have been more dried out and ZERO flavor. Like none. Some of the rice was not cooked so it was crunchy. Nice staff. They were nice.  Clean place. Small and cute. But the food I got today was horse shit. Not anything close to Latin America cuisine.Dudes, this was so bad I'm writing a review to help you out.  Because you have a good idea, great location, cheap prices and big portions.  But oy, the food.  Do any of your chefs taste what's going out to customers?  My guess is No.  Let's start with the seasoning.  There's none!  Look, I knew I wasn't getting authentic Mexican when I saw the playful Queso Americana on the menu.  (American cheese in 2018?  Really?). But no salt or pepper?  Let me backtrack.  The carnivore in the family ordered the chicken cheese bacon burrito.  The pescatarian ordered a whitefish burrito with aioli.  We got them to go.  We get them home.  They're not labeled.  Okay, should be no problem, right?  I mean, all we had to do was unwrap them.  Should be easy to ascertain chicken bacon cheese from fish aioli, right?  Err, wrong.  They looked exactly the same!  We tentatively sniffed.  Absolutely no aroma.  Finally, we dug into one with a fork and after digging and digging, we extracted a limp piece of fish.  "Are you sure?" I asked nervously, not having eaten meat in 9 years.  "Hope so!" said my husband, who is allergic to fish.  We took a bite.  "Ew," we said simultaneously.  "This has absolutely no taste.  It's rice and beans without even salt stuffed in a doughy cold burrito," I said.  "No flavor at all," my husband agreed.  Unfortunately, not the same could be said for the twice fried potatoes, or rocks covered in a container of dollar store garlic powder.  I can't even.  Suffice it to say that one fell on the floor with a thud and for the first time ever, the dog spit something out.  Dudes dudes dudes.  There is no reason for food this bad in 2018 and it's almost impossible to screw up a burrito.  Get your act together!Tacos and quesadilla were both delicious (although I wish I could get more toppings like guacamole, sour cream, whatever delicious sauce was on the quesadilla, etc) but expensive.
This review is mostly bring to attention their speed and accuracy in ordering. I went at 7 pm, waited 20 minutes for 3 items, and when I got home realized that they got my order wrong. While I was waiting, another guy went up because his order was wrong (that should have been my hint to check).
They still have some kinks to work out, but with time I think this could be a 5-star review. Getting orders wrong obviously slows down service. Hopefully they can get things going in that small hut cause I would love to make this a new place of mine to frequent, but it's not quite there yet.Important preface: I'm a vegetarian, so this review really exists for that special little group of eaters. Service is so-so--prepare to have your name screamed so loudly when your order is ready that you'll jump, even though you are one of four people in the place--but Heffe really falls apart when you are trying to order without meat. There are a lot of places that do vegetarian cooking well and understand that, you know, we appreciate protein and feeling full just as much as anyone else. Heffe is the place to go if you don't want that; you'll pay $8 for two small tacos filled with broccoli and onions. Tasty enough, but I was so hungry after this that I walked to Martha and immediately ordered a second dinner. I'd think this is something important for Heffe to figure out given the neighborhood, but if not...you know, there are plenty of taco places where I get more than 200 calories for my eight bucks.BLOWN AWAY! I have eaten Heffe every day since finally trying it out.  You can taste the quality in everything they make. Such a refreshing change from your bland taco place. Flavors are out of this world. A must try!It's Wednesday, and I had Tijuana Poutine on Saturday. I've been craving it since then, and it's what prompted me to write my review.
Their food is fab. Quick service, cute outdoor dining area, though I've usually grabbed it and gone record shopping.
I've had several items off the menu, but absolutely do not miss the Tijuana Poutine. Think about it: my craving has lasted since Saturday, with no end in sight.We came here for a second time because we live nearby and wanted to like it. Unfortunately they disappointed more than we thought possible. We waited 25 minutes for our food and when we got it it was cold. Not warm, cold. Soggy waffle fries that we threw out. The menu looks promising but execution is lacking.1. Cash Only
2. Tacos Overpriced for Quality (also...aren't these burritos?)
3. Tijuana Poutine is good
They did orders of wings around the Super Bowl for $5 that were really, really, good. If that were a menu mainstay at the same price & portion I'd go up a star.
For now the only reason that it's not a 2-star place is bc the Tijuana Poutine is something that I will order again.Cultural Appropriation and Kitchen Nightmares had a baby and named it Heffe.
The food was awful. The tacos sucked. Thanks for leading me into a false sense of security. I have questions. Why? Just why? Tacos are simple and pure and delicious. If drinking at my job weren't frowned upon, I'd be washing down what little I could stomach with a decent beer to save my poor tum tum some trouble. A Mexican Coke had to suffice though.
If you're wondering, I had the 'Fat Man' and the 'Mac Daddy'. I thought to myself, 'treat yo' self' I'm making it rain UberEats referral codes, so why not? Boy was I wrong. I could have made out better at Qdoba. Still White people Mexican food, but it's not terrible. Heffe's food..... That was so bad it's lead me to suspect that my arch nemesis may be working in that kitchen. Are you reading this Ocho Muerte?!
Don't get me wrong, I've had some great fusion tacos before. I wish I could remember the place I had those bangin Bulgogi tacos. Actually, I wish I could go back in time, not waste my free ten bucks and not subject my body to this disrespectful hipster nonsense. The only perk is that maybe this stomach ache that's coming on will get me out of work early.30 minute wait and my taco is still not ready. I had to walk away. If you want a great taco go somewhere else.We've been going to Heffe since they opened and they are the closest thing to the funky Austin, TX tacos we enjoyed before moving to Philly.  Last weekend, Heffe catered my wife's surprise birthday party and absolutely killed it!  Paul was flexible, accomodating, great at communicating, and followed through.  We ordered the Merman, Pole Yo, Betty Won't, Medigon, guacamole, and waffle fries.  Jake, the chef, came and personally set everything up.  Set up was quick and our friends who set up the surprise, commented on how nice Jake was.  They covered all details from serving utensils, plates, napkins, plastic ware, chaffing dishes, and sauces.  Everyone commented on how good all of the food was, but the stand outs were the Pole Yo (the chicken is amazing) and the Betty Won't (people were shocked by how good their quinoa is).  Super impressed with these guys and highly recommend them for a quick bite or catering!Being an outside taco shop that opened in the fall, I hope they make it through the winter. Everything I've had so far has been great. The Kraken, Fat man, and plain Jane are my picks. I'm not a fan of spicy and the Fat man comes with jalapeños, which weren't unbearably hot, but I could have done without them.It's true the food didn't suck ... but also not great.  For a main taco/burrito, they had just one vegetarian option.  It was ok, a little weird with raisins in it.  Not as savory as I would have liked.  My husband got a pork taco that was average.  
Nice outside space, though.Ordered through Uber eats last night...Never ever again...the shells were cold and the nachos were gross...Next time I spend $30 on Mexican I'll go to taco bell and get a feastI really don't understand how places manage to mess up tacos...like it's real easy to make just a good standard taco but Heffe seems to have done just that.  Went there for the first time today & ordered the Plain Jane set of two crispy beef tacos with lettuce, tomato, jack cheese & had them add sour cream.  I had to ask for the Rosa salsa that it says comes with it.  The taco was gross.  I only ate one because I was that hungry & threw the other one in the trash because it was that bad.  It was basically a weird BBQ tasting cheeseburger thrown into a taco shell.  YUCK!  Like you can go to the store and get taco seasoning out of a packet that tastes way better than whatever this was.  NOPEI checked this place out recently, and thought the food was very good. I got the Kraken, Fat Man, and Tijuana Poutine. The Kraken was awesome (make sure you try this), the Fat Man was decent, and I was so full by then that I don't think I can really say anything reliable about the poutine (but I still ate it). I will definitely be back again.Heffe delivers on both flavor and value.  I've only had the poleYO and the Tijuana poutine so far but I trust the menu completely.  The poutine was a generous portion that would be great to share with 2, 3 or maybe 4 people.  Even though it's cold that are still serving up hot food.Great food! Nice size portions! Only excepts cash! A little bit expensive for a neighborhood little taco tent! But, overall it's a good place to get a unique borrito or quesadilla!!!I just had the worst burrito I've ever eaten from Heffe Tacos on Frankford. I should have known, I mean they spell jefe wrong and instead of pollo, they call their chicken burrito "pole-yo" to be cute. It was close by and I didn't have a lot of time, so I took the risk. I expected it to be bland, not disgusting.
 I should have listened to the tiny voice in my head that told me to be a good girl and eat the soup I brought for lunch back at the office. I mean, the burrito was supposed to be a pork burrito. I am expecting rice, beans, pulled pork, cheese, etc. Instead I get a skinny soggy burrito with ham chunks, white rice, a sprinkle of black beans, some "queso" sauce, and MUSTARD. MUSTARD. I should have asked for my money back when I spied them making tacos with crunchy corn shells after I placed my order.
 Their motto is "Tacos that don't suck." I think they should change it to "Well, you could call them tacos, but they really aren't. And yes, they do suck." I am hoping my stomach learns to begrudgingly accept my awful lunch time offering, because I don't want to revisit the taste of that burrito monstrosity later.Good food, but the pricing really didn't make sense.
The cost for two very small tacos was $7 while a full-size quesadilla only cost $6; it just doesn't make sense.
Like I said, though, the tacos I ordered were very good.Another place which serves tacos in Fishtown... But can't give more than three starts, unfortunately ... We tried taco and burrito and none of them were worth it for $8 each... Sadly,there better places or even food trucks who does better taco and burritos. But it's always room for improvement! The quesadilla was good, the special fries(don't remember name) was good too! So overall not bad but lit bit overpriced... Nice spot to hang out outside... So hopefully they will overview menu and prices.Have been here a total of three times now. The first time, I got the Merman and the chips and guac. It was comparable to the tacos I had in Miami, which were some of the best tacos I've had in my life. My husband got the "Fat Man" burrito and he said that these burritos were 100 times  were better than Chiptole. This is a man that loves Chipotle, so this was quite the compliment from him. Needless to say, I definitely wanted to come back. The second time, they said they didn't have the Merman, so I got the "Betty Won't" burrito. It was supposed to come with guac, and while the burrito did have guac, all of the guac was on one end of the burrito, so when I bit into the burrito, I got a huge bite of guac (which was amazing), but then the rest of the burrito had no guac at all. Maybe because of that, the rest of the burrito was very dry and unappetizing. I went a third time, and got the Kracken tacos. These tacos were amazing as well and were delicious. Overall, I have had a pretty good experience with their food but had a disappointing experience with the "Betty Won't" burrito. Regardless, the service has been great and their outside area is very cute. I will definitely be returning.Heffe is a neighborhood spot that's super close to me, so I often stop by for a quick late night bite. 
The tacos are pretty good, I especially like the merman. The best thing here was the waffle fry poutine, but they're not on the menu anymore! 
A big letdown is that it's cash only and can take a long time, so if you're in a rush, definitely call ahead. As a person who NEVER has cash (and hates ATM fees) the cash only thing is super annoying. However, that's more of a me problem. 
Are they the best tacos in town? Not really. Are they good for a drunken late night bite? Absolutely.Rolled up to grab some take-out before a concert. There was no line and the turnaround seemed to be quick. We placed a large order for 3 tacos, 3 burritos and an order of the Tijuana Poutine. In about 15 min, our order was ready and we returned home.
Now for the bad part. Even though there was noone else in line and the place was not crowded, we were missing one of our burritos. We called back immediately and the woman who answered the phone said " Well, are you sure?', which I found to be very unprofessional. Once we returned to pick up the missing item, one of the other employees was much more apologetic and offered us complimentary scones in addition to the missing item (which were delicious, BTW).  
We tried the Kraken octopus taco, beef cheek taco, pollo taco, Fat man burrito, Bellissimo lamb burrito and the Poutine.
Overall, I felt that the tacos were way overpriced for the amount received. The burritos are definitely the way to go if you more bang for your buck.
Every item was cooked to perfection and bursting with flavor. I wasn't crazy about the sweeter flavor of the Poutine, but that was just a personal opinion as the rest of our party devoured it.This started as one of THE BEST taco places ever. We have been huge fans until recently, eating more than we should admit. Within the last two weeks both trips have been a disappointment. 
First trip my poleyo tacos were fried to a crisp. It doesn't sound possible but the chicken was so overly cooked that there was nothing but burnt breading left. I showed my husband as he couldn't believe it either. Both tacos included nothing but breading. 
Today's trip: cold, hard tortillas, missing items. My husband had items and sauces left off of his Mack daddy (whatever that delicious mango sauce is was omitted).  The merman was swimming in so much sauce everything was soggy. 
For a place that started so strong with such great service, it's sad that it's changed this much already. Today there was no less than 5 people in their tiny kitchen and it was pure chaos for all to watch. 
Bring back the old Heffe!!Not impressed.
Wednesday night, and we waited 45 minutes for three orders of tacos and a quesadilla. Everything came out cold, the cheese quesadilla being completely congealed and missing three key ingredients: tomatoes, mushrooms, and guac. It was literally just cheese. Fried chicken was chewy, beef was boring.
I brought it up to the window and they gave me my money back, as well as a "credit" for $6 at my next visit. I'm just not sure there will be a next visit. While I was up there, a woman who had been waiting almost an hour for her tacos was told that they had given her bag of food to someone else. Oops.
I know this place is quick and casual-- it's a taco stand, after all. But it would be nice if they asked "for here, or to go?" which might help avoid the insane amount of containers, bags and napkins wasted per customer. Lots of people opt to sit at the picnic tables. Just a thought.Great good burrito! I had the Betty Won't Burrito. It is naturally vegan. 
I enjoyed the mixture inside of quinoa, chickpeas, roasted tomato, chimichurri, guacamole, almonds and salsa Rosa. It was sweet and filling. The prices were hard to beat too! $7.50 for a big burrito. 
Great place to eat at after hitting the bar!Burritos are the way to go. Tacos delicious but overpriced.  Went with friends a few days ago, and we ordered about half the menu. The service was fairly quick (about 15 minutes for 7-8 items). The burritos offer about twice as much substance as two tacos and for the same price. I do have to say that each thing we tried was truly impressive. Some of the best counter service Mexican food I've had in the east coast. In my opinion, the bellicimo was the best burrito (but I really want to try the fat man and the Willie make it) and the kraken tacos are by far the best for the taste buds. The poutine is also a must order and is a sizeable portion for six dollars. They did forget an item that we ordered, but replaced it and gave a complimentary food item, which made us more than happy. Will be backRoutinely I drive out of my way to go get the Betty Won't Burrito.  It is vegetarian and amazing!!!  Quinoa and chickpeas are the main components which means it is filled with delicious protein goodness.  I really don't know how they make chickpeas and quinoa taste so good.  And I love the hot sauce that they have at the tables.  That hot sauce with the Betty Won't=amazing, maybe I will drive over to Heffe's again today :)Less than dismal quality & service for such a simple menu. Local late night kitchens have nothing to worry about in Fishtown.
If you're looking for authenticity, keep looking. 
Get ready to settle for underwhelming, overcooked, underserved food. Sorry.Ordered the Bellissimo burrito & was surprised when the 'crispy lamb bacon' was almost all fat & not crispy at all. Heffe employees were very accommodating & adjusted the order as needed to resolve the issue. Great service & food! Will definitely be back.Ordered Heffe in Grubhub tonight. We ate there once or twice when they opened, and I remembered it as being decent, but oh man, everything we had tonight was amazing. The Fat Man, the Wille, the quesadilla, and the nachos...dear God the nachos...so amazing. I am so looking forward to the next time.This is a good spot to hit up when you have late-night munchies, but otherwise it's just "meh." If you're going to get anything from here, you're honestly better off ordering from UberEats. Otherwise, you'll end up waiting 45+ minutes and paying way too much for "meh" food.My husband and I split the Mac Daddy (beef cheek) and PoleYo (fried chicken thighs) tacos. Very good and flavorful. Only 2 tacos per order. Tacos are around the same price point as a sandwich from Paesano's which are much bigger. Feel like there should be 3 tacos per order for the price.Delicious little stand to go for tacos. Has lots of outdoor seating, but does fill up quickly. The menu offers a very wide variety of tacos and burritos l, and some other very interesting things. My personal favorite is the taco that has fried octopus on it.I ordered from them twice and both times they screwed up my order. They have zero concern for allergies so if you value your life then you can't trust what they make you. When we called to try to correct our order the lady told me to deal with it. When I asked for her name, she told me, "I don't have a name" and then hung up on me. I called back and she answered the phone and immediately hung up and did this 2 more timesLol don't waste  your time.   It took about 30 minutes to get any food around midnight.  The guy in the window kept yelling at the cooks and telling people that GrubHub and Uber eats orders are more important than the people that were waiting.  Also they didn't have hot sauce or salsa!Food is horrible. From the sound of the Willie make it I thought I'd be in for a good surprise but instead got the opposite. There is no chili. It's shredded beef with sour ass cabbage that over powers the whole burrito. There's no cheese and the waffle fries taste old. I'm not sure if Heffe assumed I'd be drunk eating this but I'd notice drunk or sober this is horrible.Another place which serves tacos in Fishtown... But can't give more than three starts, unfortunately ... We tried taco and burrito and none of them were worth it for $8 each... Sadly,there better places or even food trucks who does better taco and burritos. Too much salt in burrito... 
Decided to give one more chance! I don't like give bad reviews...
Second time we ordered quesadilla and I asked to add beef, was great choice! Liked so much, and can't skip the customer service- the guy was great and attentive I twice forgot the ticket and he walked out of kitchen and put in my hands:) our friends got tacos and liked too! Poutine fries were flavorful and filling! Hopefully the quality will stay the same!So we stopped by Saturday night super late after the bar closed. They were very nice. And the food was amazing. I had chicken tacos and the plain Jane which is basic ground beef that tasted anything but basic. All super fresh ingredients and seasoned to perfection.  Coca Cola in a old school glass bottle and a place to sit and eat it. Can't wait to try other things on the menu!The Tijuana Poutine was awesome! Waffle fries covered in chili, queso sauce, slow cooked meat, pickled jalapeños and queso fresco.
The other food was more hit or miss:
-the mushroom quesadilla was just fine and the side of guac it came with was a little brown
-kracken taco was just ok, I didn't feel like I was eating octopus though
-the various burritos are hot and made to order, but nothing was particularly exciting
Overall, in a neighborhood with lots of food options, but not many faster, more casual options, this a good choice. Bonus is that many dishes have Vegetarian optionsAs far as taco places go this was less then expected. $8 (or more depending on what you get) for 2 small tacos is just ridiculous. Menu was pretentious and over hyped. We got the almost pastor which was bland and the pineapple Pico was about non existent. It was soggy and salty. Also got the kraken tacos which were actually pretty good, not soggy and the octopus was cooked well, nice and crispy. The fat daddy burrito was just ok. I've had better tacos that were more flavorful and filling as well as better priced. For the money spent I was expecting a much better taco. Also got the horchata which as delicious as it was, it was also $4 for an 8oz cup. Wouldn't recommend if you're looking for a decent meal but I would go there again if only for the overpriced horchata because it was that good.Very good tacos and guacamole & chips. This place was recommended to me since I was looking for tacos nearby to the tattoo shop that I frequent. I had el pastor tacos- very tasty. Would love to try the other menu items when in fishtown again!Fat man is pretty good.  Cheese fries are great.  Shame that the beer garden shut down this summer.  It was good while it lasted.  Annoys me to death that this place is cash only.  It's the year 2107... who uses cash???  Oh yeah, and there is usually obnoxiously loud music playing at the order window...Decided to give Heffe a second shot. Wasn't horrible the first time but just wasn't satisfied. This time, I showed up at about 10:30pm and got a special burrito, Fat Man, and a order of fries. First, I stood there for about 5 minutes while the 2 girls decided to argue about why they were mad at each other. I order and was told that the beans and rice were mixed together already so i could not have no beans. Whatever, I get it. Saving money or whatever, it was not a huge deal. That was not why I decided to give one star. I sat there for 45 minutes waiting for my food. As I sat there, I heard a massive amount of profanity. All 3 employee's were on the phone. After the 4th uber eats driver came in, I decided to ask if my food was coming. I asked and they instantly started arguing again. The girl who took my order, Indria, then just looked at me. Another girl who was working then asked where the food was and started cussing again. After they realized I had been waiting for about 45 minutes, she then asked who took my order. I pointed out Indria and she didn't say anything as she was on her phone still with ear buds in. The cook then started yelling saying he already made it. I never once received a "I'm sorry." They then found my food sitting on-top of the stove area and gave it to me and not a "sorry" or "have a good night" or anything was said. I will not be going back. As a customer, you spend money and expect at least decent customer service. All I received was foul language, constant complaining about the owner and how he did not care about the employees and cold food. This is not how a business is ran. Clearly since I waited for 45 minutes, food was cold.Loved the chili but the tacos were okay. The fried chicken quesadilla is great though.Garbage Burritos.
I'm sorry; but this place is a glorified Qdoba. Although I'm glad it's in Fishtown, as it serves as a quick go to fast food joint, it's definitely not good food. Mexican food should not rely on cheesy gravies to make it tasty. Everyone seems to think, "hey, Mexican food is simple. Meat, rice, beans, some hot sauce and cheese. Right?". Wrong. There's much more to it than that. None of the flavors in this food blend together seamlessly. There's no heart in it.
My Burrito had a thick piece of cartilage and the rice was incredibly bland. It was also half the size of a Chipotle or Qdoba monster ...
Bottom line, this food should be cheaper. It's not authentic, and there's nothing to it. If you want mouth watering food, better head over to La Raza (north 2nd street), Taco Riendo, or if you your looking for an ambience, Loco Pez. 
Heffe should change its trademark from "Tacos that don't suck" to "Tacos for the Desperate".Wonderful spot in the midst of the happening Fishtown Frankford area. Fresh yummy tacos, no frills, just honest fresh tacos.
My only criticism would be for the cash only policy, and sometimes they get very generous with the onion.Tacos that don't suck, sure, they're great... but way too expensive. 7 bucks for two smallish tacos. I instantly regretted stopping for a bite and left unsatisfiedHeffe is this little shack of a taco joint, but just as their menus read, their tacos for sure do not suck. Their burritos are huge and they're constantly adding new ones to the menu for us to try. Whenever I'm in Fishtown, I always make sure I get Heffe.Was studying in Fishtown with a friend and ventured here for lunch last month.
They've got the cool/hip vibe down (Fishtown, duh). Walk-up window w/ picnic tables, and when we went (in February!) they had a large temporary enclosed bubble thing around the whole setup to keep things slightly warmer than the bitterly cold outside. 
All the tacos/burritos have cool/hip names, in keeping with the general vibe. I had the Willie Make It (chorizo burrito), and my friend and her boyfriend had the Bellicimo (lamb belly + fried egg) and Americana (crispy pork) burritos, respectively. Each was $8-$9. They also have tacos for around $6 and a few other interesting non-standard things - poutine, if I remember correctly? 
Now, when I ate my burrito I could tell that it was composed of high quality ingredients, and it tasted fresh. Was it good? Meh. Kinda. The flavor combos didn't totally work for me - chorizo made the waffle fries in mine a bit of a goopy mess, for example, but the burritos were hot and I was cold and hungry. Gone in less than 120 seconds. They have some interesting sauces sitting out on the tables; I recall a smoky one that I was a pretty big fan of. 
Now, most burritos should be an auto-win for my affections. For whatever reason, though, Heffe doesn't quite reach the pantheon of Honest Tom's status for me. Maybe it's the price range (slightly too much for my desired cheap/frequent eats. yes, i'm that cheap), maybe it's the flavor profiles/combos. All I know is that If I lived in this neighborhood, I don't think I would be there that much. Not a three-times-a-week place for me, but probably once every couple months.Two positive things I can say about this place: first, is their hours of operation, nice to have an option late at night, or early a.m. after a long night out. Second, the friendly staff. The food is way overpriced, and it's not even anything to write home about. The food is always lacking in flavor, and their nachos taste like they make them in a huge batch before opening and then serve them all day. The nachos almost always taste stale.This is a take out with outdoor picnic tables. Its not a traditional tex-mex but more mex but not your traditional mex. Tacos and burritos filled with fresh and high quality ingredients. Not standard Mexican like no combo plates with beans and rice. It's more like foodtruck fare not on wheels. Excellent cook to order. Tried the Almost Pastor tacos and the Fatty burrito with very tasty chicken and accoutrementsTake out tacos!  I sampled a small variety of their current offerings and they were quite tasty.  The ground beef in the plain jane was far more flavorful than I expected.  Glad to see a new lunch place in the neighborhood!My boyfriend and I went to Heffe tacos 3x this weekend, and the 3rd time was to get our money back.
Day 1: we ordered the Almost Pastor, Mac Daddy and Kraken tacos as well as the Tijuana Poutine. The Almost Pastor were ok. They were generous with the meat, but it was dry. I only had a bite of the Mac Daddy but my boyfriend liked them. The Kraken tacos were thrown out because they were too fishy. The Tijuana poutine was amazing. It was a generous serving and everything about it was great, especially the egg, cilantro and onions. After Day 1, I would've given this place 3 stars.
Day 2: Since I loved the Tijuana poutine so much, we went back today. This time, we took it home to eat. Upon opening it at home, the fries were all extremely greasy and burnt, every single one of them. The poutine was also missing the cilantro, onions and radish toppings. Luckily we don't live far and after throwing out the $8 kraken tacos yesterday, I definitely wanted my money back for the fries. Heffe was nice enough to give our money back, but claimed the fries were just discolored from the chili meat. The guy at the counter tried it and realized, no they fries are actually burnt.
I know this place is new, but they should probably work on consistency especially in an area where there are an abundance of taco places. They should probably try to live up to their motto of "tacos that don't suck."Less than dismal quality & service for such a simple menu. Local late night kitchens have nothing to worry about in Fishtown.Queso Fondito Quesadilla
Jack cheese, mushrooms, cilantro, radish and onions. Served with salsa rosa, sweet pea guacamole and cream on the side.
$7.00
Heffe is one the easiest and best spots in Fishtown. Pistola's and Heffe have the best Mexican options over other places like Loco Pez, etc. 
I usually get the merman fish tacos but decided to try the quesadilla option this time. I would probably give it 3.5 stars. I opted for the Uber Eats option which is probably where I went wrong. 
The quesadilla was a bit burnt and cheese was a little gross and had been sitting by the time it got to me but it was super filling I could only eat half of it. They give you a lot here for their orders. It is cash only but they have an atm right by the window. I recommend eating there if you're going to try it and get the tacos or burrito over the quesadilla. 
Only giving lower stars because of this option on the menu -- service and quality is always great here just get something else over the quesadilla and you'll be pleased with Heffe.I had the "Fat Man" burrito from here- it was unlike any burrito I had had before. Crispy chicken,
Pickled cabbage, etc etc. Reminded me a bit of the type you get at California Tortilla. With unorthodox ingredients and recipes, it's not a pure or authentic kind of place. But I definitely want to go back and see what other kind of strange medleys they attempt to pull off. You have my attention, Heffe.The Mac Daddy tacos are ridiculously good. I was smiling after I ate them and had to try two of something else. I ordered the Almost Pastor as dessert. They were ok, not mind blowing. But slow roasted juicy pork delivered on tortillas should always be mind blowing. The meat was a little dry and personally I could do without the pineapple, but that's just me. The salsa on the tables is good if you like a little heat but don't like to go crazy. And the beverage selection (Stewart's, Hank's, and Mexican Coke) is world class.Enjoying the sun and Heffe's Mexican spin on the Canadian born poutine.  The Tijuana Poutine is a delicious medley of crispy waffle fries, pickled jalapeño, cilantro, radish and onions smothered in Mexican chili and queso Americano.  A perfectly cooked, over-easy egg on top provides extra gooeyness.  Nicely priced at $6, this heaping mound of spicy goodness is a great treat on a lazy afternoon.So we stopped by Saturday night super late after the bar closed. They were very nice. And the food was amazing. I had chicken tacos and the plain Jane which is basic ground beef that tasted anything but basic. All super fresh ingredients and seasoned to perfection.  Coca Cola in a old school glass bottle and a place to sit and eat it. Can't wait to try other things on the menu.
Three months later stopped by to see there new beer garden. Super cute. Had the Fatman burrito.   Tried the nachos on special. They were amazing!! Had a traditional Rita and it was super smooth. The bartendress awesome and attentiveIf I were to rate the food alone I'd probably give this place a 4 but they turn a simple order into rocket science.  A taco order takes at least 25 minutes.  They'll rifle off five names of people in a crowd of three before they even figure out one person who ordered.  I live 10 minutes away but I won't order here again unless there's an apocalypse and I literally can't find food anywhere else.5 stars every time. I promised the guys working last night I would write this because, as someone who has worked in food service, we discussed how we only hear how bad things can be in places like this. Outstanding food, stellar service. A perfect amount of selection with a medium size menu of crap that just makes sense together. I will never get over the Betty, nor my boyfriend over the Kraken.  We love the home made sauces with the right amount of heat.  The chemistry is unreal.    Can't get much better in a brick and mortar with the square footage of an oversized bathroom. I make sure to thank the kitchen each time before I leave. Thank you thank you thank youhonestly...i've had better tacos at a bowling alley. first they really need to serve their food in bigger containers instead of stuffing it into those pint size to go boxes...also why serve in a to go box if we are sitting there to eat..? because the tacos were hot and smushed together things got soggy fast. flavors were bland. proteins just fried, slaw just tossed in some vinegar. nothing exciting. octopus is like $4-5 more at the window which wasn't worth it...they should have called it a calamari taco not octopus. big difference. also no condiments in sight like some hot sauce or something!
i'm only giving two stars cause portions were respectable. also if i wasn't there for dinner but instead rolling out of one of the bars around there at last call and drunk...would have been a hit.....maybeSaturday 06/29. Heffe's tagline is "Tacos That Don't Suck". Just watched the "cook" take about five minutes to hand count about $100 in crumpled up one dollar bills, then grab a tortilla for one of my chicken tacos with the same bare hand and throw it on the griddle.  Sucked. Ate there when they first opened, and got one taco with nothing on it. Sucked. Hunger drove me back this time, but I'd rather eat cold Progresso minestrone out of the can than witness that again. That also sucks. Where are the adults?  Where's the health dept? And what happened to tacos that don't suck?  Walked away. 
*(Assuming that $100 was the day's take.)They're right. They don't suck. But they're not exactly great. Been here twice and first time I was like "sure!" Second time "ugh do we have to?" . They serve the kind of food that says "I ate" but nothing worth blowing your calories on. It doesn't taste bad but I've had 3 items and they've  all been so underwhelming. It's like they don't season their meats at all. I'd go back if someone else was paying. It's edible. Just not top of my list tacos, not by any standard.Seriously good and unexpectedly different twist on this kind of food.
I ordered both of the Vegetarian options they have, a quesadilla and a burrito, as well as the nachos (without the pork) and they were all veeeeery good. The nachos might have been that night's special. I was very surprised how different they were from what you commonly think of in terms of Mexican food. Much more modern twist utilizing some of the trendiest food items of our era, like quinoa, avocado, rabe, radish and more... All to create a mouthful of flavors. 
Very happy to have more Vegetarian options in my hood. Quick service with quality food. Will be back.
PS Maybe Gluten Free tortillas in the near future???Wanted to give this neighborhood spot a try. And I really wanted to give it high marks, but it was just ok. Not much in the way of vegetarian on the menu, and I can tell that they mostly cater to drunk, hungry hipsters. Sadly, it kind of shows in the food. I'll probably come back some time when I am drunk and hungry and/or hip. The staff seemed lovely, though.Tacos that don't suck... But service that does. I really enjoyed the food and the waffle fries are unreal. The staff however, weren't able to describe what their specials were and were rude. They ran out of forks and water and didn't have knives. Kind of important. The food is tasty but completely inconsistent day to day. We ordered the same thing one week later and it was totally different. Did I mention the staff is rude? Because it needs to be said twice. In sum, it's an awesome set up, the food is good, they need to work out their kinks.Delicious food, quick service! Went with my boyfriend, we both got the fat man, we both agreed it was awesome!This is a great late night option for those wanting some tasty tacos.  I like the Polo-Yo and the Merman the most.  Also the Tijuana Routine is to die for (I get it with an extra egg).Heffe tacos is now one of my favorite places to eat in the city. Chef Peter mcandrew's take on Mexican fare is refreshing and delicious and the staff is friendly, knowledgable and our food came out really quick. I love to smoke weed and eat and heffe is now my go to place for tacos in philly. For Affordable food in a great neighborhood, heffe is a welcome edition to Fishtown.My favorite burritos, EVER!! When they're crowded sometimes service can be slow but other than that this place is amazing. They're cash only but again, it's worth it. The Fat Man with no bacon is my favorite and it comes out perfect every-time, so does the chick pea guacamole! Highly recommend!After everyone saying how great this place was, I have to admit that maybe the build up was leading to a let down, but I was seriously disappointed in this food. We tried the americano, the poutine, and the pastor. All were no better than you would expect from a mid level chain in the 'burbs. The spices weren't well done; it seemed like "hot" was confused with "flavorful", the chili sauce tasted like canned, and the flavors in general were only slightly above what you would get from the "heat and eat" section at trader joes.These tacos were good, but not great. I made the mistake of going fancy and ordering the grilled squid. The sauce that was on the table made the tacos at least somewhat unique. But after paying $10 for 2 tacos, I would expect more. They didn't really nail the unique/hipster vibe or the authentic/cheap vibe. Probably would not come again.Tacos that do suck.
30 minute wait, tacos were soft from sitting so long so the shells cracked open, also forgot lettuce and tomato.
Taco Bell is betterThe kraken is the bomb.com, hot sauce selection could use a vamping and possibly a quantity selection on amount of tacos per order. Otherwise very good food!First visit, got the Plain Jane. Basically a sloppy joe with some shredded supermarket cheese in a stale corn tortilla (i.e. not crispy). Probably great if you're drunk. I wasn't.I made better tacos last night for dinner,maybe I should open my own restaurant too. I got the plain Jane because I don't really eat pork and everything seemed to be pork. And octopus. When I bit into the taco I didn't taste much. it tasted like a burger with no seasoning. barely any cheese and lots of lettuce. I think they made these tacos from the fat of the cow.The food at heffe has been great to say the least. Been there three times and it's been delicious every time. Love the Mac Daddy and The Pastor( pork).  Been dying to try the Kraken which is the octopus. Guess that's next time. I'd definitely recommend trying it!!!  The outside has a nice atmosphere. Great place to BYOB and hang with some friends.What's better than tacos on a sunny day?  Being able to eat them outside!  This place is super chill and has a small but delicious selection of food.  We had fish and chicken tacos plus a short rib quesadilla.  Fresh, big portions, full of cheese, delicious!  Will definitely return herewent back for the Lamb Belly Burrito =  bliss
*that banner still sucks though ;)