I basically created my account to talk about how much I loved this place. Everything we ordered tasted extraordinary and the staff was hella nice.  I had to change my reservation [NB: you should probably make a reservation if you want to come here because seating is limited] three times and they were super accommodating and friendly about everything (I don't even know if I would have been that friendly with me at that point).  The food was made to perfection.  I started out with the Burratta Cheese and Fried Green Tomato salad (YUM), which was a nice prelude to the Arctic Char and Lobster Fingerlings (which tasted like little bites of heaven.  I'm not even a big fish fan, but it is supposed to be good for you, blah, blah).  Did I mention it's BYO? Nuff said.Second time at the great restaurant. I liked everything on the very fresh menu. Great atmosphere,great service. More than two staff plus chef came to the table to check on our meal and if we were enjoying our meal.Perfect place to celebrate my birthday. Everything from the service to the robust/perfectly seasoned food to the warm and rustic ambiance... Simply amazing.Even though Heirloom is technically in a shopping center, the atmosphere inside is very quaint and authentic. With farm tables, crisp linens, and menus on cutting boards I definitely felt like I was transported a bit. 
We were a party of 6 and brought several bottles of wine. This is BYOB and conveniently there's a liquor store right next door!  My husband and I ordered the shrimp app, which had a refreshing and crisp flavor with the remoulade and slaw. He ordered the steak for his entree and said it was "cooked at the right temperature and very tasty. They trusted the meat and didn't go too heavy with a lot of sauces." I ordered the crispy trout and found it to be a little off, or more-so I was a bit off. At 5 months pregnant I've found my taste buds playing tricks on me. The trout was cooked just fine and the smokiness of peas and etoofee in theory seemed like a great flavor combination, but I was just not feeling it. The other members of our party highly enjoyed their dishes, so I think it was just me. I'd love to come back and give Heirloom another go once this baby is born and my palette returns to normal.
Also, our server was very friendly and informative. He also sold us on the brunch, so there's another reason to come back!MMM! Pork cheeks with candied bacon! What could be better? The spoonbread side was awesome in and of itself, but as a go-along - Yeah! Bittersweet Pots de Creme - need I say more?? Johnny DeeSummary: Quaint rustic atmosphere, good food, BYO, GREAT service
I had dinner here with a small group of my girlfriends and we all had a great dining experience. We were seated right away and the staff was very attentive and friendly. Our server was especially knowledgeable of the menu and did a great job being personable without being intrusive. 
Their cornbread and buttery biscuits are soooooo good and I would almost come here just for the bread! The Ginger Butternut Bisque - DELICIOUS, not as sweet as I've been accustomed to and more herb-y. Lastly, the Apple Doughnut dessert was deeeelicious topped with apples/berries and vanilla ice cream!
They have a gorgeous farmhouse table set up in the center for a larger group if you're into the rustic "farm to table" type atmosphere. Best of all, it's a byo restaurant with no corkage fee.
Lastly, it may be a little harder to find because it's tucked away on a small shopping strip facing the bus station. But there's a parking lot behind it which is nice.Our group of six diners had a very uneven experience. The restaurant air conditioning was not working. The service was very slow, with the whole experience taking over three hours. It took an hour and a half until the appetizers arrived, and then an additional forty five until the entrees appeared. The kitchen was slammed and never recovered. The kitchen may have suffered from the presence of George Perrier, as he visited the kitchen. The french press coffee was was my only highlight of the evening.A great meal every time we come; they use fresh, local ingredients, bake their own breads and have delicious desserts! It is cozy and welcoming...... Sort of like going to your grandma's house (if your grandma is a gourmet chef). Comfort food but with healthy choices.... Can't beat that.One of Philadelphia's best restaurants in my opinion. They offer a great food selection. It's a BYOB and probably for the best since the wine shop abutts it. MAKE A RESERVATION DAYS IN ADVANCE for dinner time.I could not have ask for a better dining experience! The food & service exceeded my expectations and I will definitely be going back.
The decor of the restaurant is beautiful... small, cozy and classy. Do make reservations, this place is making a name for itself in the Chestnut Hill. Our waitress was very friendly, knowledgeable and couldn't have done a better job. The manager also came out and introduced herself and welcomed us to the restaurant, which was appreciated because this was our first time there. 
There menu apparently changes during the season, so I would suggest going online and visiting their website to see what they are serving before making arrangements. Also, if you're a wine drink, it's BYOB... so pick up a nice bottle of wine on your way there!I had brunch here last weekend.  I started with the beet salad, which was very nice.  My friend got the potato pancakes and lox.  I tasted the pancakes, which were good, but could have been crisper on the outside.  I had the short ribs and eggs over easy.  My meat is sweet, it's cooked with some dried fruit, and I'm not a bug fan of sweet with my eggs.  
I'd go back, but I'd remember to bring some bubbly so I could have a mimosa (BYOB!), though there is a liquor store right next door which is super convenient.  
We had a weird experience at the end of our meal where we couldn't use the bathroom because out waiter had gone in and not come out (like at least 15 minutes).  It was a pretty uncomfortable situation.First impression - the place reminded me of a cozy dining room at someone's house.  When we walked in, we were greeted by a very friendly hostess. The place wasn't busy due to the weather, we got to pick a table.  We ordered the restaurant week meal and they were good. The first course was fish but it was very salty for my taste. The main course was a pork dish and it was delicious.  I wasn't a big fanboy the mashed chick peas. The desert was some sort of blue berry pie but the crush was a bit over baked and tasted burned a little. The service was top notch and place felt warm and cozy.A little overpriced. I took my hubby there around fathers day. We had the fish and the lamb. The veggies were good but overcooked. And the waitress spilled water on me when she was refilling our glasses. She was apologetic enough, but at that point I felt as though I was spending $80 on a meal I could have made myself.
On the up side, I totally dig the ambiance. The canning jar chandelier is very cool.I thought this place was pretty good. My husband and I went for brunch on a Sunday. The menu was fresh and diverse. I had an omelette and thought if was prepared well. I'd definitely go here again, when in the area. Service was a bit slow, though.we went here for our engagement dinner.  i had found it on the web searching for a good restaurant that served vegetarian as well as meat items as two of us were veg.
it had rave reviews, and the menu looked wonderful, so we made reservations for our special night with blind faith..
first off, I want to share that we had a wonderful evening and the food was really excellent!!  
however, we had a rough start, as the place was packed and though very aesthetically pleasing to the eye, our ears were miserable as it was so loud we couldn't here each other speak!  my father has a hearing aid, so it was especially bad for him.  we were hoping for a nice intimate dinner after our sweet wedding rehearsal and we were having to yell across the table to say anything to each other, then repeat it a couple times...  i asked if we could move outside, and the hostess said she would see what she could do, as they were fully booked. 
it took a long time, but eventually the manager offered that they could move a couple indoor tables that had just emptied outside for us and squeeze us into the outdoor seating area.  we opted for that as staying inside was so miserable.  they set us a lovely table and as we sat down in the peace and quiet of the outdoors, you could see the look of relief in everyone's face.  our food came soon after and it was absolutely delicious!  high quality, expertly prepared and beautifully presented.  our waitress was wonderful and took very good care of us and the manager was sincerely wanting us to have a good experience, which we did.  we enjoyed wonderful conversation the rest of the evening, and everyone went home very happy.
will definitely go back, but reserve an outdoor table every time!!  
*for vegetarians:   the menu does change often and was different from when we made the reservation where there were more veg dishes.  there was only one option for us that night, but it was an excellent option.  call ahead o see the menu choices for the current week.  I would hope the chef decides to put a couple more veg items on the menu regularly, as good veg restaurants of this type of food are hard to come by outside of the city ; )Heirloom surprised me.  I only realized it existed a couple days before actually going.  Turns out it's a polished BYOB right next to Wine & Spirits.  Dining room is obviously a complete overhaul and has a sophisticated outdoors feel.   
Menu casts an eclectic net of inspiration.  Some twists they had on southern cooking looked very good.
Short rib ravioli was a little different than I had envisioned, with one large pouch filled with short rib chunks among other things.  Cherry sauce and onion jam was very good.
I wanted the venison and chestnut crepe.  Actually, I really wanted it.  Unfortunately, others also really wanted it and it was stricken from availability.  So I was forced to get the roast lamb.  Life is hard.  It was only delicious.  Red honey chili glaze worked very well.  Eggplant and tomato stack was flavorful, and sauteed grapes are always hits.I loved the great service, BYOB, cozy atmosphere, and yummy food. I got salad as entree with cranberries and walnuts and fish with spinach. The dishes weren't fancy, innovative or earth-shattering, but it was delicious and I cleaned my plate. My friend got steak and potatoes, which was simple and tasty. 
Overall, a good place for a cozy date night, simple and to the point. Not for a fancy night out where you want to be impressed. It's the kind of place where everyone lingered around the table talking and leaving unfinished corks to the surrounding tables. Plus a place with great bread is good in my book.Excellent food, service and decor. I ordered the Red Brick Chicken, it was absolutely delicious. It was cooked perfectly and the flavor was out of this world.Quite good BYOB. Anne and I brought her mom. I really enjoyed the beet salad and the chicken. Anne got the duck for dinner - and that was top notch. This spot is right next to a wine and spirits shop so it makes BYOB easy. We'll be back for a quiet slightly expensive dinner sooner than later.Not at all thrilled with our most recent experience, very disappointed. They now charge you for parking? There was always a lovely, big parking lot. Never had to worry about finding a place to park. Now they are charging you to park?! What is the big idea? This place is too greedy for my liking. we will stay closer to home for that extra fee. It's just not worth it anymore.I could eat the entire menu. The food is fantastic. I rarely give 5 stars for anything. Plus its a BYO right next door to the liquor store!My parents and I ate at Heirloom this past Sunday. The meal was pretty incredible. My mother and I started the figs and prosciutto, and my dad had the oysters. I had the oysters as my main course. My mom had the cheddar omelette, and my dad had the crab meat eggs Benedict. I was a little bit disappointed by the oysters. I felt the cucumber was a bit overwhelming. Other than that, everything was awesome. The figs were really fresh and the prosciutto was perfect. My mother's omelette was perfectly cooked and very tasty. Although I did not try it, my dad's eggs Benedict looked really good also. We decided to try two of the desserts and were not disappointed.  My parents shared the Cabernet blackberry sorbet (which I tried as well), and I had the warm apple pie doughnut. Both were fantastic. You sorbet had great depth of flavor and the perfect consistency. The warm apple pie doughnut was phenomenal-warm, gooey, and sweet. The ice cream and mint were perfect complements.Restaurant Month. 15 diners. Some ordering off the regular menu, some off the restaurant month menu. Our server had no problems with handling us. In fact he did a great job and most tipped more than the 18% gratuity already assessed.
Imaginative, upscale preparation and presentation of fine farm to table meals.
Relaxing, beauitful decor.
Well worth the walk up the hill.
I'll be backI dined at Heirloom on Sunday evening with my husband. I thought I'd give it a try since there are so many positive reviews! It's a BYOB, which is always a great reason to try a new restaurant. It's a small restaurant, maybe enough for 40 people to dine, and the ambiance is nice. 
The waiter, Ian, was attentive and knowledgeable. He was also training another waiter named David who was helpful as well. When Ian saw that my husband had brought a beer and I didn't bring an alcoholic beverage, he told me about the other beverages they have. I got the unfiltered ginger ale, and it was delicious! It was a bottled soda, but I don't remember the brand.
They brought out a bread basket with two different kinds of bread, both tasty. For appetizers, I got the duck confit and my husband got the shrimp and crab chopped salad. Both were huge portions that could probably be ordered as a main dish. The ham jam on my plate was to die for, and the duck was a bit dry. It also came with a parsnip puree, but only a smearing on the plate. I could have done with more. My husband's salad was tasty, but I couldn't taste the shrimp or crab because of the blue cheese in the salad. 
On to entrees. I had the root vegetable strudel and my husband had the steak. We also ordered the fennel fingerlings as a side. When they brought the fingerlings out, they apologized that there was no fennel in them, and told us we didn't have to pay for them. Sweet! They were tasty anyway. My entree was good! Flaky pastry, yummy sweet potato mash, and a nice mushroom gravy. The gravy was described as truffle gravy on the menu, but I didn't taste any truffle. My husband's steak was done to his liking, and he really liked the potato/parsnip mash that came with it, as well as the pan sauce on the plate.
Overall, a great meal! I am excited to come back and try their spring menu!I go into most restaurant experiences with modest expectations, so when I saw that Heirloom had 4.5 stars on Yelp, I was skeptical to say the least. 
After dining here, I can say that while 4.5 stars is a bit of a stretch, it does score comfortably in the 3.5 to 4 star range, and is certainly one of the better options in Philly's northwest suburbs.
The restaurant focuses on locally sourced seasonal ingredients, and is a great option for a weeknight when you want to eat relatively healthy but don't feel like cooking at home.
We started with the cheese and eggplant salad, and moved on to the Carolina Swordfish with vanilla risotto, and the braised shortrib.  The shortrib was definitely the best dish of the night, and the other dishes were decent as well.  
They do a great job with plating here, and while I hate to admit it, food does seem to taste better when its presented the right way.  I found myself taking the embarrassing action of snapping photos of a few of the dishes we had just because they looked so great!
Service was top notch, very professional and courteous, above average.
There is a covered patio area outside where we sat (which btw is not listed on Opentable so you have to call to reserve).  It's BYO, with a wine store literally right next door, what's more perfect than that?Looks like fine dining, feels like fine dining, but unfortunately the food didn't match up to the beautiful setting and impeccable service.One of my favs! They have great service. The menu options are always tasty too. You can't go wrong with the duck appetizer and warm doughnut for dessert.Not as good as we expected.  My fiance and I went to celebrate an anniversary.  We had such high expectations due to all the reveiws we read on yelp, but left very disappointed.  It was a hot summer weekend, and this tiny restaurant was packed with people.  The first thing we noticed was how uncomfortably warm it was, and I am rarely warm.  Also, the noise level was the loudest I have experienced and we have been to plenty of other intimate dining experiences to compare.  It was not a pleasant noise level, I could barely hear my fiance, and we pretty much stopped talking, because it was very frustrating, Understandably, that is not quite the restaurants fault but, the temperature is. Please upgrade your air conditioning system.  On to the food, My fiance ordered the scallop with pork belly appetizer, which was great. I ordered the crab and shrimp salad which was pretty good, but flavors got boring after awhile. Then for our entrees he had the King Salmon, which he said was nothing special.  I had the duck breast with foie gras, lets just say I honestly feel as though the forgot to season my plate.  The foie was delicious, but the duck breast, which is a staple menu choice for me, was extremely bland.  We did not bother staying for dessert, because we were so uncomfortably warm, we could not wait to get outside.  There are so many restaurants to experience if one does not stand out we will not go back.  I think it is safe to say we will not be back here.Heirloom is an excellent restaurant. The new summer menu is awesome! Our server Miles was personable, informative, attentive and knowledgeable. A true professional!I am a big fan of this style of cuisine.  New American done very well.  The restaurant itself is very cozy.  Nice large head table for big parties.  Came on a snowy evening and enjoyed the homey vibe.  Our dinners were fantastic.  Short rib was fantastic.  Special of the night was some kind of wonderful fried pork thing which I've never heard of but was amazing.  Had a sweetbread appetizer which was just OK, I was trying to be a little daring with the sweetbreads, but wasn't a fan of the dish as a whole.  Really great service as well.  Chef came to ask us about our dinner at the end, a very nice personal touch that is missing at many places today.  Would definitely go back and bring friends!I went here for the first time today and it was FABULOUS. 
I had a large group of friends (11 total) for a birthday brunch and everything from the atmosphere to the service was fantastic. In the past I have occasionally felt rushed at restaurants when being in a large group, but didn't feel that way at all here -- which was greatly appreciated. 
The breakfast breads were delicious and served with whipped butter and preserves -- yum. I ordered the Heirloom Crab Benedict and it was to die for. I'm also a picky coffee drinker (I hate when it's too bitter) but Heirloom's coffee was delicious. So was the orange juice, and I'm not even an orange juice person (was great for making mimosas). 
I will DEFINITELY be coming back to Heirloom for brunch in the future, and hope to try it for dinner as well. What a great place to celebrate my birthday!Great place and great food.  unexpected to find it in a strip-mall.  service was excellent, only had to ask for a water refill once at the end.  The chef clearly knows what he is doing, each dish was well made and thought out.  My wife's favorite part was the chocolate mint they brought with the check (homemade). this was the icing on the cake, everything from beginning to end was very good.Heirloom is one of my favorite BYO places in the area. The restaurant is on the smaller side and reservations should be made pretty far in advance. It is well worth the wait. Once we discovered Heirloom, we went twice in 2 weeks. Once with a large group and once just my Wife and I. Both times we had incredible waiters/waitresses and the manager walked around to make sure everything was ok. She legitimately cares about the quality of the experience and made time to talk to us. When we went with a larger group, we tried a large cross section of menu items on their summer menu. Everything was top notch and the homemade donut desert is highly recommended. Heirloom and their staff were very accommodating for our friend with a severe nut allergy. I would recommend this place to anyone who likes excellent food and a quality dining experience.Seriously the food here was amazingly delicious!! I think this was one of my best dining experiences ever... I cant put into words the joy I felt during every single bite of my meal. I got the vegetable special that was  vegetables with pea custard and goat cheese. Sounds basic, but it was aaaaamazing! My husband is a meat eater and hates vegetarian meals, but when he tasted this he fell in love and said he could turn vegetarian. Also got the scallops with oxtail, the mussels and the pork belly- all equally delicious. Customer service was top notch. The manager invested time in talking with us about his food passions and also giving us tips on other great restaurants to try. Only pure confidence in your own restaurant would make you happy to tell customers about other good places to eat! And his confidence in this restaurant is well justified- overall a 5 star experience!I've been to Heirloom twice in the past month. The food is consistently good, though a bit overpriced, the fact that it is a BYOB makes up for the higher prices.  Servers are friendly and attentive.  Will be back!This was an amazing experience for our anniversary dinner.  The ambience is very French country, rustic.  I felt transported to a cozy, farmhouse somewhere in the Loire Valley!  The food was delicious, unique, fresh, and the presentation was beautiful! I really recommend this place for a special date night with your one and only!we have eaten here several times and love the staff and the food is way above par. this last time, though, was highly disturbing.  the temp was sweltering. granted it was during the first heat wave of the summer but still.....impossible to enjoy food when sweat is dripping down my back and neck. management needs to take care of this asap....we won' be back until it is resolved. the poor staff is running around in these ridiculous uniforms of long sleeves and full aprons...come on! i don't want my server sweating and looking like they just ran a marathon. the tables surrounding us were also talking about the heat and my guess is they also won't come back until the air conditioning is fixed.I absolutely LOVED this place!  The place is small and quaint, and although it is busy, it was not noisy!  We were a party of 7 and the server took care of us like a pro.  You ask why I say that? Because often, I have had servers who couldn't even take care of a party of 4 adequately, so when I see a server who can, I say so :)
We went for brunch, and were promptly seated.  I ordered the mushroom, brie, and truffle omelette, but I asked for egg white instead of whole egg. I also go the side of bacon. Both were delish.  The coffee I ordered was french pressed, hot, strong, and oh so goooood.  I splurged and got dessert of almond bunt with lemon curd, which was slap your momma good.  Everything is farm to table, you can tell. The ingredients are too fresh to have been sitting for long.  We didn't drink alcohol, but we noticed others did, and it is a BYO establishment. Don't fret with that scenario though, because it's in a strip mall right next to a liquor store :)  Will definetly go back again when I want a scrumptious treat of a brunch. Still drooling............Very first thing you notice is the drape separating the check-in desk from the dining room. First thing you notice once you are in the dining room is the cushioned seats! Lovely! Very inviting. That to me says, "be comfortable, stay awhile."
Another fine restaurant that puts out two forks for each place setting. What a lovely concept! I even got a second knife and the first one (which I used for my salad) was taken away. Our waiter just appeared, I didn't have to hunt him down. He just came over and gave me a clean knife. Love it!
Bread basket: corn bread muffins and butter biscuits. Not too many, one piece for each of us. Absolutely perfect, no waste.
We had Chantelle berry salad (one of the specials), cold soup with strawberry topping, short ribs, chicken and for dessert the creme brulee and tuxedo cake.
The soup was infused with something tasty, had flakes of red pepper. The short ribs came with peaches.
Tables very close, one long bench and the other side of the table had chairs. Tables were small but the attention was so good that we didn't have to sit long looking at dirty dishes. We put them on the table next to ours since we were so close.
Tuxedo cake: top good, white chocolate, must mix top and bottom otherwise too sweet, very complicate cake made very well. Not an easy cake to make.
Be forewarned, this is in the city so there is considerable tax. Heirloom: You've got to move out of the city.
I can't stop talking about this place.
Can't wait to try their fall/winter menu.This place is awesome awesome awesome. Eating here was one of my best dining experiences to date.  I went here with a long time friend who warned me before hand that if this place was awful she had no problem blaming me for the rest of the evening.  Its very classy and cozy on the inside. It's a b.y.o.b conveniently located next to a wine and spirits, what's better than that!!! Our server was polite, professional and friendly.  We each had the scallop bisque which was flavorful and warm.  For my entree I had the duck on a bed of sauteed spinach with seasoned cherries and mashed sweet potatoes. The duck was oooo so tender and seasoned to perfection and the cherries gave it that perfect mix of salty and sweet, The sweet potatoes were the perfect portion size and delicious. I am truly a stickler for portion size I believe that's what's wrong with the restaurants in our, rated 3rd ugliest city, the portions are meant to keep us obese. So a restaurant gets 1 automatic star from me just for exercising portion control. This is why I never eat at places like ihop, excuse me for saying, but its not normal to have pancakes, hash browns, two diff meats and a four egg omlette for breakfast.  But back to heirloom, this place was a refreshingly pleasant surprise in a sea of chain restaurants and processed prep cooking masking itself as fine dining.We  have dined here on 4 occasions over the last 3 months, each time with different persons in our parties, and each time raves all around.  Have not been less than very happy with any entree or appetizer which as been ordered.  Eclectic and well prepared offerings. Great service and very nice ambiance.  Reasonably priced for the quality of the experience.I loved the decor at Heirloom. I felt like I was in a french country home (sorry If I mislabeled the decor but that's what it felt like). 
I had the braised pork for brunch and it was excellent. Some of the other people at my table weren't as thrilled but my food was very good. 
Our server didn't seem to know the menu that well when I asked about an obscure items but she was friendly.This is a true gem off the beaten path in Chestnut Hill, in a quiet, unassuming location in the shopping center at the top of the Hill. The food was delicious and well-prepared, and the chef came to each table to ensure everyone was enjoying their experience. They try to use local, seasonal & organic ingredients which can lead to a changing menu, but it's well worth the trip at any time of year! I also require gluten free options and they were very accommodating. Everyone else in our party really enjoyed the regular menu items, too. 
I hear their brunch is amazing so we will definitely come back for that!Heirloom is one of those places that doesn't get a lot of buzz but is a top-knotch dining experience anyway.  I was here for Chestnut Hill Restaurant Month and was totally taken in by everything about this restaurant.  The food was great and totally artistically presented.  It's very much a restaurant that uses local and seasonal ingredients which I think is awesome.  The atmosphere is warm and modern at the same time.  And the service is great.  The wait staff was working as a team which meant interacting with multiple servers over the course of a meal.  Each was as friendly and competent as the other.  Outside of restaurant month, Heirloom is on the pricey side but it's definitely a destination restaurant at the top of Chestnut Hill.I went to Heirloom to enjoy quality food and have a nice dinner with my girlfriend and experienced everything I expected at dinner.  We started by sharing the Crab & Shrimp Chop Salad which was good, not my favorite as I was not in the mood for salad, but had half anyway.  She still enjoyed the salad, so the goal was accomplished there.  Then, she had the Crabcake Over Sweet Shrimp Gumbo which was good, but not her favorite though.  The Hudson Valley Foie Gras was very good, not as warm as I was expecting to receive it, but regardless delicious.  For entree, she had the Artic Char & Lobster Fingerling Potatoes in which the fish was very fresh.  I had the Berkshire Pork Cheeks ~ Candied Bacon entree which I found to be delicious and really enjoyed it.  Lastly, we shared the Warm Apple Pie Donut which was also very good.  Overall, I give this restaurant 5 stars and would definitely come back for dinner or even to try their brunch menu.This restaurant has a great ambience and great food.  I very much enjoyed the kale and short rib  and fingerling potatoes.  I am usually not a kale eater at all but i was actually thinking of ordering some to go as well.  I had the rack of lamb and my wife had the salmon and both were great.  Its a BYOB next door to a wine and spirits which is a great combination.  I enjoyed this place so much i posted on yelp, which i never doMy husband and I ate here this evening. We had an incredible experience -- service and food -- and left stuffed to the gills with a bag of leftovers. We couldn't figure out why people have said the portions are small; they seemed quite generous to us. AND, it's a BYOB.
The corn bisque was smooth and sensuous, and the foie gras was tender with a lovely watermelon side. The stuffed trout was very fine and the Purloo, with its lovely sauce and perfectly cooked seafood served over exceptionally well-seasoned farro, was superb.
For dessert we ordered a sublime chocolate cake and a delightful donut stuffed with apples and cherries. I also had a decaf coffee.
The atmosphere was understated and comfortable, and the noise level, while loud, wasn't overwhelming. (We ate at Alla Spina a few weeks ago and the noise was a din. This was not.)
Our check, including tax, was $120.00 and we felt it was worth every penny.Finally got someone my wife to trust to watch the kids, (the name is my mother), unclear about the bread starter.. very sweet.. too sweet.. my wife didn't like it and me, (as an omnivore), was ok.. but too sweet for me.. my wife started with lentil soup, (in her words: what's the big deal?? a lentil soup!!), I had the oysters they were serving at the time which were very good.. for main dish I had the Pennsylvania rabbit and my wife wanted the steak, (they were out.. and only told us once seated), but ended up getting the red fish if I am not wrong.. well... what can I say... didn't have any expectations from American "fine dining" and this place, (100$ for a couple WITHOUT wine), definitely stood up to my expectations.. I don't think you'll see me paying for dinner ever again in this place.. not because it is bad but it is simply not right for me..This restaurant had us at first bite!  It is comfort food for the foodie, with fresh in-season ingredients.   The  space is small and cozy with some  outdoor seating.  You can BYOB.  There is a Wine and. Spirits  store right next door which is very convenient.    The servers are very professional and efficient .  We brought friends once who aren't adventurous eaters and they were not as impressed as us.  Brunch is delicious too.  We brought our kids along to brunch  but had a date night for dinner.I'm so glad Heirloom set up shop in my back yard.
It's pricey, but worth occasional, if not frequent visits.
It's just good.
They have a 4 star approach to service, which compliments the unique and rustic haute cuisine nicely.  Menu changes frequently.
I've had duck at both dinner and a brunch and enjoyed both thoroughly.
Not great for kids, but they will accommodate them just the same.  I will enjoy my next visit with adults only.
Can feel crowded, but still comfortably.
BYO helps offset price.  It's not terribly expensive, especially when you see what you get.
Have a doughnut.My girlfriend and I visited Heirloom last night.  With this being a relatively new BYO, we figured we had to check it out.  We arrived slightly early for our reservation.  We were told we could be seated immediately outside, so we decided to go that route.  Inside it sounded very loud.  Outside was a nice volume, even with the occasional SEPTA bus driving by.  Since we were only inside for a moment, I really didn't notice the decor.
Our waiter, Mark, was incredibly nice.  He said he was newer, but his knowledge of the menu was excellent, including specials.  He was very personable, but not overwhelming.  His recommendations with the menu were spot on.
For appetizers we enjoyed the Carolina Crab & Shrimp Chop Salad.  The salad was great.  My girlfriend was happy with it.  I went with the Crab Cake over Sweet Shrimp Gumbo.  The flavor was great, especially the shrimp.  Will definitely have it again when we go back!
Entrees were a bit difference.  My girlfriend chose the Red Snapper special.  The fennel head ferns were amazing, but the snapper was not seasoned.  With no salt on the table, this made for some bland fish.  I chose the Road Berkshire Pork Tenderloin.  The meat was great!  I enjoyed it, though it could have used some salt or seasoning as well.  The Kale was decent, and the glaze & gravy were good.
Dessert was an Apple Pie Doughnut.  The taste was incredible.  The doughnut and ice cream together were spectacular, as were the other elements of this dish.  The texture was great as the doughnut was nicely crisped versus doughy.
Overall we enjoyed our experience & really loved all the staff which whom we interacted.  The reason for the 4 star rating is purely due to the lack of seasoning on the fish, and lack of salt & pepper on the table.  We will be back, even if we have to sneak in some salt!  The wait staff really helped push our rating from a 3 to a 4.VERY GOOD FOOD AND SERVICE..
The service is excellent and the food is very good. It is a BYOB but don't hold that against it.
I know that I mentioned the service but I have to mention the service again. The service is outstanding.This restaurant opens to the public this weekend and they will have to fight back the crowds. Chef Al Paris, who has worked at a host of Philly kitchens, goes traditional with classy comfort food. We both ate two homemade biscuts with real, fresh butter. They were warm and comforting. My husband had the pork loin after inhaling a salmon pastrami/sweet potato cake appetizer with a little maple cream cheese concoction. He's normally not into greens, but he ate all of the kale. I had a (three) beet salad with a breaded warm goat cheese topping that was killer. Ate the whole thing. I had the scallops with pork belly appetizer as an entree and couldn't finish my kale/pork creation and enjoyed some of it today. The quality of food, service and detail to attention will make this the 'go to' place in Chestnut Hill. It's right next to a liquor store at the top of the hill and it's a BYOB. We couldn't do desert. Pity.Loved the summer menu! Great service. Live that we can BYOB. Went back last week and had the fall menu...not sure I love that change. Always a great atmosphere.Our party of 4 really enjoyed our meals. The atmosphere is warm and inviting. Our server was attentive and un-pretentious. A chilled pea soup starter was refreshing and flavorful. My friends had the lamb and short rib entrees and the portions were huge! Both needed doggie bags. I had the bass and crab amandine, which was stellar. I could have licked the plate clean! Ended the meal with creme brulee and french pressed coffee. We spent $125/couple, left smiling and were full until the next day.Great addition to Chestnut Hill.
This small , but very good BYO is a place that Chestnut Hill has needed for quite a while. 
It's located in the Top of the Hill Plaza and has plenty of parking in a well lit lot so no problems there. 
The food is on a par with the likes of Sycamore, Fond and Lotus, but not quite as good as Marigold.
Whats nice about the new chefs is the interesting use of flavors in their dish's.
The heirloom tomato salad had great tasting tomato's and the dressing was light, and the greens were fresh and crisp. The salmon pastrami was excellent, but I love salmon.
FIlet Mignon with short rib gravy and local blue cheese crumbles was tender and very tasty. The short rib pepper pot stew was not as peppery as I thought, but the short ribs were extemely tender and the pepper pot sauce was something different than the normal sauces. 
The dessert menu is short at the present time, but the server said they are still deciding on what to have for staples for dessert. I can say that the cheescake with a thick balsamic glaze was light as air and the balsamic with the cheese cake worked very well.
For a place that hasn't been opened long, the service was prompt and friendly with no slip ups.
They take all credit cards and the bill for the above as only $78 sans tip.Great Food. Not so good service. Those were our takeaways from our dinner at Heirloom last week. I'd have given Heirloom 4-stars if it wasn't for that....
My biggest pet peeve when dining is being rushed at a restaurant that's not 100% packed, but is also not empty either, or being treated (and rushed) like we're the last reservation in the evening, when we certainly are not . 
Heirloom is a BYOB which is a definitely something that drew me to try this place, but I made it clear to the waitress that I had brought 2 bottles of wine for me and my fiancee and I intended on spending a nice, relaxing evening there. Our waitress came back to our table almost every 5 minutes asking if we were ready. I put in our Appetizer order, and then she continued to ask every 5 minutes about our entree order. That drove me nuts.
That's my rant about the service.
The food was very very good. I opted for the Braised Pork Cheek w/ Fried Okra, which was top notch and tender. My fiancee went with the Maine Lobster with the Zucchini Noodles which was delicious and fresh. For entrees, we went with the Creole Crusted Lamb Chop and the Duck with Foie Gras. Both was delicious and the right portions. The sauces on both dishes were exceptional ! The chef certainly knows what he is doing.
For dessert, we had the Apple Donut, which was Ah-mazing ! Definitely the perfect, sweet ending to a meal. They also had French Pressed Coffee which was delicious.
I think we'd give Heirloom another try. Since their menu is seasonal, i'd be interested to see what sort of creative things they come up with in the Fall. I just hope they hire some better staff by then...Just had an astonishing brunch at Heirloom. It was not my first time there, so I knew what to expect. My expectations were once again fully satisfied.
We had the crabcake benedict, and the skillet fried chicken and waffle. the crab cake was all crab, not much "cake." The hollendaise was perfectly balanced, and all served creatively on jonnie cakes. The chicken waffle was crunchy and crisp on the outside, moist and succulent inside. We also had a side of bacon, which was as good as any bacon I have ever had. All very tasty.
For desert, their apple pie doughnut. The doughnut is fresh, hot, crisp...cooked to order. It was served with diced, spiced apples, blueberryies and strawberries with a small scoop of vanilla ice cream and garnished with a wafer thin, sweet, oatmeal cookie.
One of the things that I really appreciate about the food at Heirloom is that the individual flavors in each dish are profoundly distinct. Clearly, their food is very fresh, and prepared in such way as to preserve the subtleties of the flavors.
The service was impeccable. Never do they expect you to start the next course with dirty flatware.
The decor is country rustic in a fun and playful way, while being a tad on the upscale side of rustic.Everything was delicious, the service was SO nice and the atmosphere was cute. 
I have a ton of PRO's but my two CONs (though not that bad) are 1) the fact that it is located in a sort of strip mall type building and not on the cute streets of downtown Chestnut Hill, and 2) the short rib side was disappointing. I love short rib and this did not have much flavor at all. It was a disappointment for sure, but at least it wasn't my main course or appetizer.
Now onto the PROS -- the rest of the food was delicious. There were 3 of us at dinner and we started with the scallop and pork belly appetizer, as well as the braised escargot and cavatelli. Both were delicious. There were two large diver scallops with a little piece of por belly for that dish, and the escargot was served on a bed of delicious cavatelli. The scallops was a much smaller appetizer but it was superb. Same with the escargot dish but this was a larger portion. 
They served us a bread basket with biscuits and corn muffins. The biscuits were buttery and flaky and melted in my mouth. I could not stop talking about them. 
For main courses, I got the swordfish and vanilla risotto. I practically licked my plate clean. It was one of the best fish dishes I have ever eaten. The risotto was sweet but not overwhelming whatsoever and it perfectly complemented the fish. I would highly recommend this dish. 
My boyfriend got the lamb shank and it was a HUGE portion. Get this if you are hungry and like lamb. I don't eat lamb so I didn't get to try it but he loved it. It came with a sweet potato puree which I did try and that was very good as well. 
My friend ordered the vegetarian dish, the "tart". It was like a big plate of vegetables with the tart in the center. It was tasty. It came with eggplant that I also tried and that was so savory and sweet all at the same time. 
We ended the meal with their signature donut desert which is made to order and it was sooooo yummy. Nothing like some warm, homemade fried dough filled with apple cinnamon and topped with sugar and vanilla ice cream. 
We will definitely be back!A friend and I went here for Sunday brunch. We started with "dessert" which was the apple pie donut. It took a while to come out...but it was absolutely amazing! It was served hot and topped with vanilla ice cream.
We shared a side of scrambled eggs and vidalia home fries; both delicious. For entree, my friend got the waffle and fried chicken sandwich. The waffle was made with corn meal; I felt like it was too dry and did not blend well with the other ingredients. The fried chicken, arugula, and sauce were all delicious, but it just did not go with the waffle in my opinion.
I ordered the peach pancakes. This is where they really fell down. There were no peaches actually in the pancakes. It was covered in a super-sweet peach sauce, made with what I can only describe as "candied" peaches (dried, chewy, super-sweet). The pancakes themselves were fine. Nothing special, but not bad either; just regular pancakes.
I will go here for brunch again because I loved the donut and sides, and there are definitely other entrees I'd like to try (hopefully better than the ones we ordered).We thoroughly enjoyed our experience at Heirloom Fine American Cookery. From start to finish the restaurant presented a great experience.On a snowy Saturday, my boyfriend and I drove down to Philly from the big A to go to the Rodin Museum & have an early dinner at Heirloom before heading back home.
The dining experience was wonderful. American fare with the farm to table philosophy. We started with the foie gras & crab salad, both divine starters. It was a wintry day, I had the short ribs & bf had the duck, both were outstanding, cooked to perfection. The duck was not gamey, served with cherries & sweet potato puree, a wonderful balance. The short ribs were not salty served with a Parmesan grit, & hint of sweetness with ginger orange marmalade. Both dishes were very good. And of course we had to try desert, so we tried the fried dough nut with vanilla ice cream.
The drive through Fairmount Park to Germantown was exquisite, and Chef Alan came to our table to welcome us. All in all, a really lovely dining experience. The prices were fair, portions healthy. Highly recommend giving this place a try! Well done.BYOB and conveniently located right next door to a wine and spirits store. They've just switched over to their spring menu with lots of fresh ingredients. 
- Morel mushroom and spring garlic risotto: Expected a creamier consistency, somewhat bland. The mushrooms saved this dish.
- Scallops and braised oxtail: A nice version of surf and turf. The scallops were seared perfectly, and the oxtail paired well with the scallops. The ginger sweet potato puree added just the right amount of sweetness.
- Creole short rib daube: Best part of this was the sweet potato tart. The short rib was lacking in flavor. 
- Buttered heirloom carrots: A bit overcooked and too sweet for my taste.Heirloom is a really nice addition to the neighborhood and I would say it's really good for Chestnut Hill.  
The service was good. Our waiter was lovely and chatty but not too much. Plates remained in the table too long after we were done but our server was covering inside and outside tables. The decor is nice and the place is comfortable. 
The bread basket is fabulous - sweet moist cornbread muffins and salty, flaky biscuits. We shared a salad that was delicious - beets with burrata. I had mussels for my starter which were delicious - the yellow and red tomato and raw red onion made them fresh and unique. My mom had the oyster stew which she didn't care for. At all. It was more like oysters in a sauce and the oysters were fishy. My mussels came out luke warm. The oysters were cold and had to be sent back. That said, the restaurant took them off our bill which was gracious. Entrees were one if the specials, lamb burger (very good but they didn't ask what temp I wanted it so it was a little rare for me) and my mom's chicken under a brick which was delicious. Apple donut for dessert was good and the French press coffee was strong and hot. Solid meal. A little more attention to detail and it could be fantastic.I went here with my parents when they were in town for my birthday, and it was absolutely incredible. The restaurant is located in Chestnut Hill, a beautiful town, and there is indoor as well as outdoor seating. The atmosphere is intimate, but casual. I had oysters for an appetizer and duck for dinner, my mom had a salad to start and fish for dinner, and my dad had a salad to start and a type of pork for dinner. Every course tasted like perfection, and portions were quite generous. In addition, I felt like I was on a food network television show because the presentation of the dishes were equally amazing as the taste. The wait staff was friendly and helpful in choosing dishes. I have been fortunate to have tasted some pretty great food in my life, and this restaurant is one of the best that I have ever been to. The prices are reasonable for the area and especially for the quality of the food that you are getting. If you looking for a special place to dine in the Philadelphia area, this is a must for you.Went here with a friend to celebrate a special occasion and enjoyed a phenomenal meal with exceptional service.  Tried hard not to devour the bread basket, which was an assortment of bread, muffins, and honey butter.  Every dish was perfect - we tried the pork cheek appetizer, sirloin steak, and shrimp, scallop and oyster purloo.  
The staff happily accommodated several modifications to the dishes.  Truly among the best service I have ever experienced anywhere.  Wait staff was attentive, but did not hover or rush us - and were very eager to please.
I could not have been happier with the entire experience and look forward to many return trips.Very close to 5 stars, only reason it's not is because nothing jumped out as spectacular, but all was above average and Heirloom is undoubtedly worth a visit.
First, logistics.  It's BYO.  Somehow I missed this before sitting down, but fortunately there's a Wine & Spirits literally next door, so I got up, grabbed a bottle, sat back down before our waiter even came back to take our appetizer order.  There's also a parking lot right behind the place, so no need to worry about street parking on Germantown Ave.  And lastly this is Chestnut Hill, so expect to be dining with a bunch a rich old white people.
The only other place I've dined at in CH is Mica, and if you read my review there you'll see I was less than enthused, particularly because I felt looked down upon by the aforementioned clientele, but also by the staff at Mica despite my classically good looks and proper use of dining etiquette.  As such I was sure to wear a yellow Polo sweater over a blue striped oxford, dark khakis, and desert boots on my next trip to CH.  Old money style.  The staff and crowd at Heirloom, however, never once made me feel like I needed to resort to these lengths to fit in.  Very comfortable setting.  Where old ladies go to cut loose with their best b*tches over a nice bottle of Bordeaux.
That being said, the food here is not an afterthought.  It's all damn good, well prepared, and well portioned.  It's currently Restaurant Month in CH and as such I went with that offering for $29.50 I believe.  (Heads up here, they did not supply a Restaurant Month menu, the server just brought up that option when telling us the specials for the evening.  Only one option of app, entree, and dessert but it was close to what I wanted anyway so went with it.)  "Twas a beautifully brown lentil soup with a thick creamy topped crouton, a tender as heck pork belly, and bananas foster.  Dope.  My lovely girlfriend had the short rib.  Again, fall apart tender and large enough to sustain as a meal on it's own.
Ya know what...screw it, 5 stars.Al Paris has done it again! We had a fantastic meal here several weeks ago. Service was extremely well trained and on their game. Definitely a special place to eat at.My boyfriend brought me here to celebrate my 22nd birthday. We went next-door to one of the larger wine and spirits in the area and purchase some wine for dinner (BYOB). This is fairly expected since the tables are set with wine glasses from the beginning.
They create an atmosphere of rustic elegance with wood, rocks, subtle lighting, and heavier cloth drapes. I appreciate their subtle inclusion of Mason jars, seeds and succulents into the design of the room. I feel like they should have a display at the Philadelphia Flower show next year. 
The hosting staff is very polite and attentive. I dropped my fork before our food arrived, and by the time I picked it up off the floor the hostess was standing there with a selection of new utensils.
We had the pork belly appetizer. It was perfectly presented with a smattering of coriander seeds and a spread of pea pure. My boyfriend order the short rib with sweet potato side. I ordered the duck with carrot polenta. We order a shared corn pudding dish too. 
There was a vegetarian dish and several seafood dishes for those who have restrictions about meat consumption. 
The waitstaff consistently checked with the chef about what contains gluten and what does not. They were very welcoming about altering dishes if necessary to fulfill my dietary needs. I appreciate  seeing good mind communication between the front staff and the background staff. 
My boyfriend and I thoroughly enjoyed our food from the appetizer to the last bite of our dishes. The seasonings were interesting, the utilization of vegetables was superior, and the meat was cooked wonderfully. I don't think I would change a single thing about any of the dishes that we had. There's a level of execution that only a small restaurant with a passionate staff can bring to the table.
I plan on coming back here in the future. The menu changes with every season incorporating the beauty of locally grown produce. Additionally, they are welcoming to those who are gluten free I have no qualms about coming back here because I know there's something wonderful I'm going to be able to eat. 
A hidden gem in Chestnut Hill for sure.The Good Doctor and I would be delighted to pass this Heirloom along to our kids.
Heirloom is Ameri-centric cuisine at its finest. Doc and I attended on opening night, and welcomed the Bynum brothers (Warmdaddy's and Relish) to grace the Top of Chestnut Hill. We enjoyed Chef Parris' company as he greeted us and shared his vision for farm to table comfort food paired with fine white linen table cloth service. 
This time, we sampled around the menu and enjoyed the salmon pastrami/sweet potato cake with a delightful maple mascarponi dip, the duck, and the diver scallop (perfect sear, perfect texture) accompanied by a unique pork belly. The crab cake appetizer was all meat, just as it should be, with a creole sauce just 'dirty' enough to make us blush.
The decor is cozy  yet the small venue can accommodate a large group of 10-12 at a table in the center of the room. BYOB - you can get a nice selection from the Wine and Spirit Shop, just next door. How convenient!
Welcome to the neighborhood, friends - we wish you all the best!Maybe it was an off night? Food was surprisingly bland (medium size group, so tried plenty of dishes). Fish, lamb, duck, chorizo, chicken, etc... nothing really stood out in a positive way. Just don't see the high ratings here.Overall the experience was very unimpressive. The food and service left much to be desired. The food was bland and not very flavorful. It was not bad  however nothing worth writing home about. While the staff was very friendly the time between visits was way to long. Although they did a great job keeping my water filled. The pecan pie desert was tastyExcellent service! The good was really good as well! I had the chicken and waffles with peach jam...yummmm!Really wanted to love this place, as it is walking distance from my house, but was a bit disappointed... The customer service was excellent, our server was very pleasant and attentive and the atmosphere was nice.  However, I was not "wowed" by the cuisine.  First, the bread basket: the corn bread muffins were nice, but the "rolls" were more like a convoluted half biscuit/half roll concoction that  just was not pleasing in texture.  Either make a real biscuit or make a roll, don't combine the two.  
For my appetizer I had the foie gras and watermellon gazpacho; really  not a hit.  Although it was a beautiful peice of foie gras, soup is just the wrong vehicle for a delicate protein which should be carmelized and crispy on the outside.  From sitting in the "broth" (which was really just juice from the watermelon), the foie was no longer crispy and this really took away from it's flavor and texture.  As to the "gazpacho" it was more like a fruit salad with some cucumber slices thrown in.  This dish could be reworked, perhaps by having the foie on a plate, with a cup of the watermelon salad beside it.  Do not call a fruit salad a gazpacho.
My boyfriend's appetizer was the tomato and mozarella salad and that was excellent.  The variety of different colored tomatoes added a lot of visual interest and the tomatoes were very fresh and flavorful.  The buffalo mozzarella was perfect.
My entree was the seafood purloo and it was delicious; the seafood tasted like it was just plucked from the ocean and it was perfectly cooked.  However, I must say: do not sprinkle garnish all over my food if it doesn't add anything but decoration!  I don't mind a bit of garnish on the sides of the plate, but this dish, as well as my boyfriend's entree, had a green herb scattered ALL OVER the food and it really did not add to the taste or texture, so we had to keep picking it off.  Let the food speak for itself, don't scatter garnish all over it.
His entree was the lamb porterhouse, and it was very nicely cooked and seasoned.  Although, he did remark that it shouldn't be called a "porterhouse" as it did not meet the definition of that cut of meat.
For desert we shared the creme brulee.  Although I was pleased with the freshly torched sugar, the custard itself was not deep enough; the serving dish should have been filled higher.  More importantly, the custard was somewhat overcooked; creme brulee should be perfectly silky and smooth-this was not.
Overall, I give this 3 stars; I want to be wowed when I'm paying this much.Fabulous dinner (short ribs) with amazing breadbasket by former owner of Cirque, among others. An awesome BYOB addition to Chestnut Hill dining at a reasonable price given the quality. Now we just need to get our waiter some diction lessons and this becomes 5 stars.What started off as a negative, became a big positive. We went to Heirloom for Mother's Day brunch this year and had a very frustrating experience (spotty service and extremely long wait times between courses). However, one of the owners (Andrea), really made up for it afterwards. 
After calling to explain what had happened during our first visit, Andrea invited us back to experience the restaurant again. The second experience was exactly what we had been hoping for on our first visit AND much more. All of the entrees were perfectly cooked and very flavorful. And the service was spot-on this time around. My favorite dish was the pressed lamb shoulder with grits, cherries, and balsamic... yum!
All-in-all we really appreciated how the situation was handled, and I would definitely recommend this restaurant to friends in the area.Everything we ate was delicious and well presented. I had the beet salad and crab cake appetizer and both were best of class.  The atmosphere is amazing, especially considering this used to be an unattractive food mart. only negative was the mumbling waiter!I have eaten here for dinner  several times and enjoyed it on each occasion.I recently visited Heirloom for the very first time (with high expectations) and was pleased with my experience.  As much as I adore food, I rarely frequent any kind of "fine dining" establishment or any restaurant where entrees cost upwards of $25, so I really had high hopes.  Overall, it was a wonderful experience.
I started with the oyster and tasso pot pie as an appetizer, which was jam-packed with beautiful salty, hammy flavor that complemented the creamy sauce and rich oysters extremely well.  My guest had the pork belly appetizer, which I tasted and found to be equally pleasing.
As an entree, I ordered the duck breast with a cherry reduction and sweet potato puree.  The duck was cooked to perfection but I was quite envious of my guest's short rib pot roast...it was both decadent and delicious.
For dessert, we shared the creme brulee which was quite cold but still yummy.  
Perhaps my standards were a bit high as someone not accustomed to spending that much on a meal.  The food was excellent...but a $100 bill for two people left me feeling like I didn't completely get my money's worth.  For that amount, I kind of expect a spectacular dining experience--and while it was great, I'm not sure I'd go back.  Sometimes a really great cheeseburger can top even the fanciest of meals.
The bottom line is: if you're accustomed to visiting these types of "fine" restaurants, don't mind the cost, and are looking for really good food, this place is for you.  I suppose I just expected more at the price point.  I feel like I've had meals just as good for half the cost.We had been looking forward to trying Heirloom and were not disappointed.  First day of their new menu and everything was excellent.  Food was great, flavors interesting and creative use of ingredients (stinging nettles?).  Enjoyed the salads, carpaccio, arctic char and pork tenderloin.  And the desserts were just as good.  Looking forward to going back again (and again).  Service was friendly yet professional and timely and the room is beautiful.