The two chefs are imaginative and creative and the food distinctive.  Every restaurant with pretensions of greatness offers dishes with multiple, exotic ingredients but these chefs achieve genuinely creative AND tasty results.
A few things induced me to give four rather than five stars.  The restaurant's layout is a bit awkward given the immovable walls.  A west facing window brings intense sunlight into diners'  eyes at sundown.  The music played is too loud.  This is not a problem unique to this restaurant and as an old foggy I recognize I am (pardon the pun) not entirely in tune with what young people want.  However, the restaurant was occupied by as many older folks as young ones and the music, played as much for the staff's benefit as the patrons', could be lower.  European restaurants rarely if ever play music.  They recognize dinning and conversation are the attractions.
The second reason I gave four rather than five stars is that the entre portions are too small.  One of our party was quite dismayed by the small amount of duck breast in her dinner.  I found the lamb portion also quite small, especially when I looked at the pile of fat that accumulated on the side of my dish.  The portions are reasonably priced but not sufficient.  
the Arctic Char was reasonably portioned.
The appetizers are the highlight of the menu.  Inventive.  Creative.  Unexpected (smoked carrots, clams in a tzatziki. 
The staff was very accommodating.
In the end I would certainly return, but I would not be impatient for my next visit if the same issues noted above persisted.Helm was really, really good! I personally love the relaxed vibe of a neighborhood spot; not too fancy for a last-minute reservation. 
We had the lamb, navy beans and a few other dishes. All of which were knockouts! Our waitress was also phenomenal. 
The reason I am giving Helm four stars is because I cannot rank it up there with some of my other mind-blowing culinary experiences that I have had. With that said, at its price point, I give Helm a 5/5; I'm just trying to be consistent: restaurants to restaurants, bars to bars. 
I will certainly be back!!One of the best places ive eaten in the city. Quality ingredients and attention to detail with their recipes makes for some delicious meals. great atmosphere. For the quality of the food, i think this place is very fairly priced. Would highly recommend this BYOB. Make Sure to reserve a table ahead of time.Creative menu. Really enjoyed the Pork/Buckwheat Noodle dish (the broth in particular), the Brussels sprout pasta dish, and the leek starter. 
The grapefruit/custard based dessert was spectacular as well. Top 2 all-timer.One of the most amazing places ...food...I've ever had!!! Really... you have to try the shrimp appetizer and follow your heart thru the rest! I can't say enough about this place. I have to go back and try everything on the menu!!! What a delightI was so disappointed with the much buzzed about Helm, that it's worthy of my first Yelp post, ever. Here's the brunt of it: we sat at the table for over an hour without any water refills, the fluke was not cooked, which is ok, but it was warm, creating a very odd consistency and it looked like a macchetti was used to prepare it. The chicken was medium-rare and the lamb dish, served with medium-rare pieces and sausage included two nickel-sized pieces of sausage. Overall, huge disappointment and quite pricey for what it actually was, small portions with fancy explanations and ill-prepared meat/fish. The service was really the worst though. My friend had made a comment about the fluke (appetizer), she wasn't mean or aggressive, she just called it what it was and they took it off our bill. But I think it scared the server away, we never saw her again and had to trace down the other server/manager for water, the bill, new glasses for wine, etc. 
Though my first yelp post, I'm a frequent BYO-er and have had a bad experience or two, but this tops the cake. I would not recommend Helm, to anyone. Come hungry, leave thirsty and a bit uncomfortable with what you ate.What a gem!  Food is so clean and delicious with simple fresh ingredients.   Menu is delightfully limited and it's surely because less is more.  No fluff or over describing on the menu items and it's surely because if you order monk fish and octopus that's exactly what you'll taste!   And it's super super tasty!    Good stuff Helm,  can't wait to go againThe food is fresh and seasonal at this charming BYO.
The space reminds me of eating dinner in someone's living room. It's got a homey feel to it - some call this cramped, but I call it quaint. My husband made reservations on a Sunday for the following Saturday and even that far in advance the only times that were available were 5:00 and 9:30. Moral - if you want to eat at Helm (and you definitely should), plan in advance.
The service was fantastic and I want to give a gold star to our server, who rattled off appetizer and entrée descriptions flawlessly. The food is probably some of the best I've ever eaten at a restaurant in Philly. Their menu changes based on what they retrieve from the farmers, so you never know what they're going to serve up, but it will most certainly be tasty. 
We specifically enjoyed the potato saffron ravioli appetizer. I got the lamb entree and the lamb sausage was exquisite. 
I can definitely see us coming back here, given the service and menu variety.Top 5 worst service experiences of my life. Went in with a party of six and had the tasting menu. The food was generally interesting and delicious, though some of my party felt it was over salted. However, the story is really around the service. We had a reservation on the later side on a weekend night, the restaurant was full but we were seated quickly at our reservation time, so far so good. It was an incredibly long time before our order was taken but we were having a good time so that was OK. The first two courses came out very slowly and after the second course our waitress told us she had to leave because she wasn't feeling well but the other servers would take good care of us (based on later events I suspect she just walked out). No other servers stopped by to check on us for a significant time until we called one over to ask for more bread at which point she told us pretty brusquely that there was no more bread. She said it so flippantly that at first we assumed she was kidding. After that a waiter arrived to tell us that our next course would be out soon but was delayed because our previous waitress hadn't told anyone she was leaving. The course did not arrive "soon" but the 2:30 mark in our dining experience our third course came out and one of our friends commented to the waiter that the delay was excessive at which point he snapped at her aggressively on a diatribe that included the following quotes:
"How many years have you worked in restaurants?" (Worth noting that at least half the people in our party have a fair amount of restaurant/food service experience in their lives)
"There is no manager here because the owners are too cheap. There is no one supporting us."
Clearly he was at his wits end at the end of a difficult night. He eventually came back and gave us a "non-apology" apology and as compensation he offered to not include the mandatory gratuity usually attached to a party of six which is no compensation at all. Eventually we got dessert with no offer of coffee or tea. There are enough other excellent BYOBs in the city that we won't be making the trip back to Helm.Seasonal menu. Fresh ingredients. Octopus app and lamb main was great! The service was casual and BYOB made everything ok!Overall, we really enjoyed it there. Atmosphere is vibrant and food is tasty, interesting and well thought out as well. 
Pros: 
*Cool place, not stuffy yet elegant
*Imaginative and interesting cooking especially with vegetables
* Great service
* Easy parking
* Very reasonable prices/ great value
Cons:
* Food was at times VERY salty. Not inedible but enough to take away from otherwise well prepared dishes. Thee were 6 of us who thought this. 
* The thing with the menus on the wall: it's cute a la Little Fish. But so inconvenient. The dishes are complex and the poor waiters have to recite the entire menu which is a time killer and somewhat awkward. From where we were sitting, we had to keep getting up to read.
Just print out menus, maybe?
* Loud - some ceiling cushions would go a long way especially...when your waiter has to talk a lot ^^Have been part of the Philadelphia dining scene for well over two decades it was with great interest that my wife and I first tried Helm during the recent holiday break.  Were favorably impressed on the first visit so we returned last night.  However, our dinner could not have been more disappointing.  Early seating (second table to arrive), which is why we were surprised (and a bit annoyed) to wait nearly 1 hour for the main course.  Service not terribly attentive and did not really acknowledge the situation.  Appetizers were only ok...the beet special was somewhat pedestrian and the carrots were unevenly roasted.  All of that would have been tolerable were it not for the main course - the chicken confit, which we both ordered because we liked it the first time.  This time, however, the chicken was extremely salty and somewhat dry, and the celery root side dish was inconsistent throughout and likewise uninspired.  Could not finish it...left 1/2 behind.  Given the heavy dose of "fresh & local" marketing, the ingredients may have been local but they certainly did not seem fresh or thoughtfully prepared.  We are normally tolerant of start up ventures but the bugs should be out of this one by now, given the destination-restaurant hype.  Probably would not return - too iffy.Pretty awesome food.  They were able to squeeze us in last minute.  Carrots were great.  Mussels were unique.I wish I didn't have to write this poor review.  We have been to Helm before and it was great.  Interesting, well-prepared food, great service, well paced enjoyable evenings.  This evening we took another couple there, excited to show them a really excellent restaurant near our new apartment on Girard Ave.  What a colossal disappointment!  It was a slog from start to finish.  Despite it being a light night, not at all crowded, we waited a very long time before someone came to explain the menu (the menu always needs explaining at Helm) and our order placed.  After a reasonable time, our appetizers appeared, and they were ok but not anything special.  Then came the long wait, over an hour before dinner showed up.  We had to hunt down our waiter at one point to ask if our order was lost; he was pleasant, and asked what he could do to make it right, but when you've got kids and pets you need to get home to, nothing makes it right except getting served.  He should have let us know he was on top of the delay, but he actually seemed less than concerned until we complained.  When the meal finally came, it left a lot to be desired; my fennel ravioli was sitting in a pool of oil and was unappetizing.  My friend's lamb was undercooked, and even though the waiter came by to ask if everything was ok, we couldn't risk waiting another 15 or 20 minutes (who knows?) to fix things.  He did comp us an appetizer which we appreciated, but it was a miserable evening.  We will not be back.We came for a special treat and were very impressed. We went all out and ordered 3 starters and 2 mains. It was F@&$ing fantastic. For real. All from a 3 man crew. These guys know what's up and how to present and deliver. I am so happy they came to the hood and I hope they stay for along time. Forget the No Libs hype. Come here.My boyfriend and I tried Helm for the first time last night. The food was amazing and the service was flawless. Everything we ordered was tasty to eat and beautiful to look at. I don't have one bad thing to say about this place. My boyfriend works in fine dining and he was beyond impressed.Four of us ate at Helm last night. We have been to several of Philadelphia's best restaurants so I believe we have a very good perspective. Helm's #1 quality is the imaginative and creative combination of tastes. The culinary skills are right up there with the best in Philly but it was the creativity that "wowed"us; in my opinion,unrivaled in the city. The service was excellent (4.75 stars) and the atmosphere was warm and eclectic (4.50 stars). Value was amazing - $50 per person with taxes and tip. Yes, it's BYOB but still, for this experience this was a steal. I had the octopus starter, daughter had the rabbit, mother-in-law had the carrots and wife had a salad. The octopus and rabbit starters were AMAZING. A mix of tastes I have never experienced. For mains, I had the veal ravioli. Ok, I almost licked the dish. Wow, wow, wow. Daughter had the lamb: again, fabulous. I understand Chicken was excellent; I wouldn't know because wife would not share. Desserts were incredible. (By now we were in a "food high" and had lost touch with reality.) 
Lastly, and with respect to the service: When we arrived I had a question about parking. A waitress kindly walked outside with me and showed me two good places to park. This same waitress cut herself later in the evening and was taken to an Urgent Care. Despite being down a waitress on a Saturday night, the place never missed a beat. Excellent teamwork. All in all a memorable evening. Helm deserves all the accolades.So, we won't be re-inventing the wheel here. It goes without saying that this was an exceptional experience in the increasingly crowded and diverse Philadelphia restaurant world. The question then is what exactly separates 'Helm' from the remainder of the quotient? Without spilling the beans to much, the answer is Hospitality. 
Their are many underlying definitions of Hospitality so if you were to ask The Duo, we'd tell you that is as simple as inviting us into your home for a good evening. This is exactly what we received as we sat enjoying our Valentines dinner with Bruce playing triumphantly on the record player and the swirl of hospitality bouncing around the room. 
I could tell you about the Mussels with a Shisito peppers that were delicate and full, the perfectly poached Squid with a hint of acidity and heat or the Chicken that was so perfect it made me question whether or not we were actually involved in a cookbook photo shoot, but no, you need to go and experience this on your own. 
It's the hospitality which will have us coming back for more. We will happily return with our favorite Mamas & the Papas record, a nice bottle of Bordeaux and a smile on our face -- only to be bested by the excellence which is the team at Helm.Helm is hands-down the best farm-to-table restaurant we've been to; and we like us some farm-to-table.  Helm received considerable press as of late and deservedly so.  This place on the northern edge of the Fishtown gentrification opened last year to great reviews from Philadelphia Magazine (#10 on its Top 50 list) and the Philadelphia Inquirer.  Almost more impressive than the menu and plates themselves is how this place was started.  The two chefs, Kevin d'Egidio and Mike Griffith (whose collective backgrounds include Lacroix, Stateside, Fork, Will BYO) opened the restaurant with a mere $10,000 between the two of them a and little help from their friends and family.  (This project involved renovation of the restaurant's interior, refinishing tables, as well as online deals for chairs.)  The result is nicely quaint with simple decor and a most definite "eat local" vibe.
Upon entering the place one notices two chalkboards which serve as the menu and the small yet intimate dining space, 36 chairs in all.  There is an old record player in the corner that was unfortunately not churning out tunes during our dinner.  The wait staff was very helpful and offer a detailed run-down of the chalkboard menu items.  This run-down is extensive and mildly over-whelming. The menu does have a considerable amount of non-conventional concoctions with very conventional, local ingredients.  Furthermore, one glance of the starters, entrees and desserts, we noticed not one item was valued over $24.  Toss on the fact it is a BYO, you quickly realize you will not leave your entire wallet with the bill.  This was a pleasant surprise considering this restaurant is quickly becoming one of the best in the city.
We kick-started our dinner with two starters shared between the two of us.  One of their appetizer specials was curry squash with goat cheese inside house-made ravioli, broccoli and fermented pepper paste.  Individually, the ravioli was creamy and tasted of fine goat cheese with the curry offering a fuller bodied punch to the creamy center.  The broccoli was seared and slightly crispy.  Finally, the fermented pepper added a strong kick.  However, combine all the ingredients and it tasted like a jalapeño popper.  This is not meant to be an insult.  You get the creamy cheese, the spicy pepper and the crispy bite comes from the broccoli.  
Our second was a dish piled high with Gettysburg apples, guanciale, and smoked shepard cheese. Guanciale is cured pig cheek (imagine a small piece of bacon with more flavor than a whole package of the store-bought stuff). The shaved cheese is a mix of sheep and cow's milk and tastes similar to manchego. The combo of these flavors with the apple makes the apple, while the most abundant part of the dish, just there for the texture and a little sweetness. Its a great result with plenty of dish to take in. 
Regarding entrees, the chicken with spaghetti squash and pilsner malt totally won our hearts.  The chicken was a juicy seared breast presented sliced.  However, the side that presented with the breast stole the show.  Spicy, creamy, spaghetti squash lay atop impeccably prepared greens.  Jalapeño was definitely included with the spaghetti squash and this little slap in the mouth was not too overpowering.  The squash was also lightly fried on the outside giving it a slight crunch. It actually did complement the chicken well but this savory, spicy dish of various textures was a great way to kick-start the new year.
The coffee-rubbed pork with braised cabbage (for 18 hours), house made sauerkraut, mushrooms, and arugula pesto was dimmed in comparison to the chicken. It was not a dish to be laughed at however. The pork was nicely done and the cabbage offered some amazing sweet and earthy flavors you don't traditionally expect with cabbage. The mushrooms rounded out some of the flavors, but there wasn't much of them to be had in the dish. Overall it was the weakest of the dishes, which doesn't say anything bad because it was still an impeccably done pork. 
Finally for dessert we had gateau basque (an apple tart with apple butter and buttermilk cream) which quickly translates to all that is heaven. The tart is crispy on the outside and the perfect mix of creamy and flaky that words just don't do justice. The apply apple butter has a distinct caramel taste to to it and the buttermilk cream is more like ice cream. So to put it simply-best dessert ever if I am being honest. The only downside to this part of the meal is the sad lack of tea and coffee options (basic english breakfast and regular or decaf, respectively). To be fair, we are kind of tea and coffee snobs and might expect the full array of options at most places we go to.Helm is your quintessential farm to garden joint, made sweeter with a BYOB option.
Must get: lamb, trout, cabbage
Meh: veal w/bok choy, monkfish
Missed: dessert
My wife and I were able to sneak into a reservation on a busy weekend afternoon here at the famous spot. As much as I hate to admit that some of the entrees were small in size and heavy in cost, I have to say in full retrospect, the food was top notch with some favorites and some small misses. The menu changes with the season, so I'm sure that many of my dishes may not be available, but I listed the favorites above. The lamb was served in two ways, both as a sausage, wrapped in intestines casing, and the cabbage w/romesco and feta was out of this world (in terms of uniqueness). I also enjoyed the trout appetizer, since the skin was perfectly crispy and countered well with the sauce and the shrimp. Unfortunately, the veal was tough and the monk fish with the octopus didn't really leave much of an impression and we were already full with multiple servings of the sourdough bread. I would have loved to order more food, but was limited by the cost. I would much prefer smaller portions with cheaper costs to sample them. Perhaps a tasting menu would be lovely.
Food: 4 stars
Price: 3-4 stars
Service: 3-4 stars
Ambiance: 4 starsPerfect. 
Beet/duck and crab and potato apps were amazing. My tortellini dish was phenomenal. Great service. 
We'll be back!Everything about the whole experience was fantastic. The mussels & Brussels sprouts appetizers were excellent. We had the pork & steak entrees and they  exceeded our expectations. Service is excellent & everyone who works there has a passion for their work. I made another reservation to return.What a wonderful addition to this neighborhood.  Service was amazing! Food was fresh. The  brussel sprout tortellini dish was ridiculous.  We ordered the pork which melted in your mouth and the skirt steak. I highly recommend this restaurant.  It was a wonderful surprise.Tonight I shared the apples, mussels, duck, cod, and, pears for desert.  What really stood out was how fresh the ingredients tasted, loading every bite with flavor, some very distinct while others hid around corners.  Everything was perfectly cooked and prepared.  My only contention -- one that I have at most restaurants -- was how some elements were overly seasoned with salt, masking some of the flavors.
I don't know why small spaces play music.  It's an unnecessary layer that competes with all of the conversations already bumping into each other.
Service was great.  Smart and attentive, not overly.I visited helm after they first opened.  It was eye opening.  Went back again, about a year later, and they were still holding it down.  
I went again last night, and all I can say is, wow.  
For the third time, they've knocked it out of the park.
Its very easy to forget what a creative kitchen is working in there.  Amazing.
I'm not going to go into detail, but I tasted the best octopus of my life last night.  And what kind of wizard can make a deep fried porkloin, stuffed with cheese, seem light?  These guys can.  
Just go...be surprised, and thank me later.Amazing food highly executed and seasoned. The polenta and brussel sprout tortellini dishes are ridiculous. This place is hitting on all cylinders and must try. Very accommodating host.The tasting menu was fantastic. The ingredients are fresh and everything we had was delicious. Very romantic atmosphere and BYOB to boot!Thank you Helm for helping to raise my property value! Without a doubt the best new addition to the ever growing Girard/Kensington area. Helm takes a great leap by opening in an area mostly void of any establishment...bravo!
The meal was remarkable! Starting with the amazing carrots with chèvre, and the pork with wax beans and egg. I've never had or probably ever will have better prepared vegetables. The mains were the perfectly crispy duck and the skirt steak with aged jalapeños. We also opted to share the aged corn filled tortellini as an extra added accompaniment. Yum!
Desert we had the famous gateaux along with some grilled haloumi. The peach gateaux was the stand out. Buttery and not too sweet. 
Reasonable prices, takes credit cards, and BYO along with the expertly prepared food and seasonal menu makes this a must go to!We liked it.  I got the chorizo appetizer and the chicken as my main dish and my husband got the squid appetizer and the lamb bolognese.  All the dishes were great.  A smidge overpriced but expected from a byob.Such a wonderful restaurant! It's a special spot. We enjoyed a great meal in a great setting. We especially enjoyed the octopus and the duck--outstanding. Enjoy and cheers!I was so excited to get a reservation at helm.
I had heard how amazing and quaint it was...
Walked in and I was wooed by the atmosphere and the chalkboard menu. 
It started out great. Our server was helpful and friendly and we each ordered an appetizer and entree. The appetizers were delicious we just had to order two more. That was our mistake. We called our server over to place the order.  She quickly informed us that it was fine but we needed to know that the apps and our meals would come out together as we only had 'just over an hour left on our table'. They had a reservation for our table at 9 pm. Can't say that went over well. We said ok but we were not happy. It definitely changed our view. The other two apps were fine and entrees ok. One of Party asked for dessert menu and our less than stellar server dropped off the check. Wow! Point made! I informed the lovely man that had opened our wine of the 'mistake'. He apologized, told us the desserts and took our bill away. When our bill finally reappeared we paid and tipped her way over 25%. Mistake made by one of Us.  We laughed as the rude server who wouldn't even come back to our table just received a huge tip. 
Loved the appetizers and the atmosphere. But I will never go back nor recommend to anyone.5 bells in my mouth!! This food was fantastic! Did a tasting of pretty much everything on the menu and it was all fantastic! Wax beans- omg! Arctic char- melt in your mouth! Sirloin was cooked perfectly atop the best potato I've ever eaten! Yum! Will definitely be coming back again. And again! Yum! :)My fiancée and I ate at Helm this past Saturday and had a great experience. We had a reservation for 9 pm and unfortunately arrived a bit late (it was my fault this time). When we got to the location around 9:20, we were immediately assured that it was no problem. That great service continued through the night.
The menu is on 2 large chalkboards at either side of the room and consists of entrees and appetizers labeled by their 3 featured ingredients, ex: lamb, polenta, bolognese. The server then comes through and explains in great detail everything on the menu. While I certainly appreciated it - it was a little hard to remember everything she said and I ended up relying on the 3 ingredient menu anyway.
Most importantly, the food: we ordered the skirt steak and sweet potato ravioli appetizers. The steak was bit to heavily salted for me, but my fiancée loved it. The ravioli was fresh, and had really well balanced layers of flavor. For entrees we ordered the tortellini and lamb. The herbed polenta under bolognese was the standout for me. SO GOOD!
Another thing worth mentioning - the place is small. So when the table directly to my left was fought the entire meal it was hard to ignore. The volume of the restaurant was loud causing them to yell louder. It was really distracting and unpleasant.   I imagine this was exacerbated because it was Saturday night as well. 
All in all - great experience!Exceeded expectations. Farm to table, BYOB, amazing flavor, fantastic service and overall one of the best dinners in Philly. This is a must go-to date night spot!Amazing menu. The food was so fresh and full of flavor. Farm to table concept. Portions seemed small coming out but were perfect. You will want and app and an entree. Small intimate setting, perfect for date night.After reading Craig LeBan's amazing review I decided to try out Helm in celebration of my husband's birthday.  I was glad thaI had made reservations because the place was packed on a Tuesday night!
We started with two appetizers: the smoked carrots and the mixed greens and rhubarb salad.  Both were absolutely delicious.  The complimentary bread was also quite tasty.
The three entrees we ordered were beautifully presented and also scrumptious.  I would recommend all three - the duck, the lamb and the skirt steak entrees.  My son thought the steak was a little overdone but still thoroughly enjoyed it.
My husband is very particular about his coffee but gave that a two thumbs up.  We ordered the only two desserts on the menu - the cherry tart and the chocolate mousse.  I definitely preferred the cherry tart which was very flavorful but very light.
The servers were wonderful and we never had to wait for anything.
The only reason I did not give this five stars was the very small portion size.  We usually share an appetizer when we go out and each have an entree, as well as sharing a dessert.  I am glad we ordered as much food as we did.
We ran into someone we knew at the restaurant who told us that they come at least once a month.  We definitely plan to return!Helm came as a recommendation from a foodie friend who lives in NoLibs. We will definitely be regulars. The squid starter was incredible and had us asking for more bread to soak up the sauce.  Never order chicken out since it can be done pretty easily at home, but really wanted a hearty dish and the smoked, roasted, lacquered and pan-seared chicken at Helm - tender with skin crisped to perfection. My husband ordered the Lamb, also delectable.  The rhubarb Gateau...there are no words - the couple at the next table over ordered a second helping. Scrumptious. Attentive, well-timed service. Definitely the best meal in many many months. This weekend, skip East Passayunk. Helm's got it goin on.Appetizer
Sweet potato + mussels
Dinner
pork + noodle
Brussel sprouts 
Dessert
Grapefruit dessert
Everything was 5 stars. Brussel sprouts was our favorite.Awesome dinner. Bring a bottle of good wine. The food here is a creative and refreshing--you won't find menu like this elsewhere! Everything was fantastic except the squid app was a little anticlimatic for me. I also love that there's an abundance of vegetables that come with meat dishes to balance everything out. It's rare to have that in my experience. Mostly restaurants just sell you the expensive stuff and you end up eating 5 different animals in one meal and no veggies. On my list of favorite byobs!So helm happened last night and it changed the way I feel about crossing Girard for byobs.
Dinner with the GoodMans could not have been better. Wine opened and menu reviewed with us by our server (audible menus usually aren't my thing but they also list them on a chalkboard)
Our server made everything sound so amazing we had a hard time deciding .
Eventually we went with the Brussels , carrots and a Ravioli special to start and we shared two entrees the duck ragu tortellini and the cod.
Helms pasta game is so tight our favorites of the night were the ravioli starter and tortellini . Both filled with the right amount of stuffing and cooked perfectly . I didn't eat any of the ragu but the Goodmans said it was bomb.
Desert changed the way I feel about saving room for extras the gateau was amazing Apple ,Carmel , and salt perfection . 3 apps 2 entrees and a dessert was the perfect amount of food to share between 3 peeps.
*protip helm is byo but in the event you forget you  have the option of ordering a beer or glass of wine gratis.Food is good but they seated us thirty minutes after reservation saying the table before us is not done. 
Hasn't happened in a long time. Threw in some free vegetables - fine with gesture but they need to do a better job honoring reservations.Having known Chef D'Egideo's work at Stateside and as a mentor to my own chef daughter, I knew I wanted to dine here. 
Nab: hopping NoLibs/Fishtown area, easy to find on street parking, felt safe
Atmosphere: unassuming signage on the door leading into a very homey, comfy, casual yet well appointed small dining area. Very inviting.
Service: extremely competent and friendly male server (forget his name), top notch
Apps: excellent, well prepared, very flavorful
Mid: chef sent out a small portion of the Brussels sprouts tortellini, instantly made me a fan of grilled spouts
Entrees: daughter's artic char was excellent, cooked perfectly, tender and flavorful. My entrée (skirt steak rubbed with jalapeno) was the only so-so dish we were served. On the slightly tough/chewy side and not as flavorful as I would have liked, I found it average. 
Dessert: Gateau Basque, Tonka, Grapefruit. Fantastic, light, citrusy and nice ending to an excellent meal.
Helm just misses 5 stars (because of the skirt steak), I will definitely be back as this is a place to be reckoned with!Have been there on several occasions 
Find the entire staff warm and friendly
Great appetizers followed with even better entrees
Desserts top off a great meal
Highly recommended for any occasionI impatiently broke my own rule and dined here the first week it was open.  It was just perfect timing and I love the idea of quality dining reaching up towards my neighborhood and within Kensington, at the same time!  My meal was excellent and made me wishfully flirt the idea of a group of foodie group dinner there in the near future.  My group tries some of the best places around Philly and Helm was happy to entertain us for an evening. 
In fact, the guys at Helm were enthusiastic about the idea.  We asked the local brewery, St. Benjamin Brewing co. which is just a couple blocks away, to join us and they paired the multi-course meal with their excellent beers.  
Everything was exceptional and my group of 30 had the best time.  The restaurant kept bringing out family style, shareable enormous amounts of food that included locally raised and foraged ingredients (so much, Im sure I'm forgetting some of it): 
leeks with tewskberry and goat yogurt, grilled asparagus with wild boar and poached egg, homemade pasta with spicy mussels, arctic char with broccoli rabe and wasabi sauce, aged duck breast on top of duck confit hash, roasted pork shoulder over a rich dirty rice, and amazingly, after all that food we had no resistance to the incredible dessert: Gateau Basque with tonka and grapefruit.
* there was a lot of delicious food to say the least and I was too busy enjoying the company and gorging myself that I didnt note what the vegetarians had offered for alternatives to the meat dishes. (shrug).
I can't simply tell you how great the food was; you just have to get there.My friends and I came to Helm on New Years Eve. $70 per person for 3 courses. Two of us got the lamb entree. I can honestly say that I have never in my life tasted saltier food. It was unpalatable. Both of us could not finish the dish, and we both informed the server. 
It was extremely disappointing given the jacked up price for NYE. I don't think I can return to this restaurant. (Disclaimer: this was my one and only visit at Helm, so I cannot comment outside of this one meal)
Paying close to $100 (including tip) should provide a memorable dining experience, and unfortunately, that did not happen.Nothing is perfect. Nothing.
Except our night out at Helm.
The service was exemplary. Knowledgeable, attentive, friendly, courteous, and all with a sense of humor.
The food was phenomenal. Not one bite left on anything from appetizers to desserts.
Seriously. 
New favorite for sure.
Thank you Helm Team!Some of the best dishes I've ever had! Attentive staff, unpretentious decor, no attitude anywhere, with really fresh ingredients and inventive approach to classics. 
But really really loud. They need to figure that out fast. Only thing preventing 5 stars.The most delicious meal I have ever had in the city.  Every dish we had was a homerun (lamb, ravioli ragu, carrots, asparagus).A BYOB with charm and elegance. You actually feel as though you are in someone's living room. 
The best dishes I had were a carrot appetizer, duck entree and blueberry tart for dessert. I say favorite meaning they were out of control delicious to me but the other things I ate were still top not delicious. 
The service was great and wait staff really needed to know all the ropes. It was great to interact with them so much. The menu is not handed to you, just posted on two huge chalk boards. So they wait staff needs to review and answer any questions. I thought it was great. 
The only con I would say is that it is small, reservations are a must. Not the place to bring a grandparent who can't hear and not great for kids. But oh well, more for you to enjoy!Pre-fix, party of 7. They served us the entire menu from start to finish, $55 per person.
The food was delicious and very interesting (creative). Our waiter was very nice and knowledgable, service overall was wonderful. 
Would definitely return when the season changes to try their updated menu. Great place for any occasion.Great new BYOB in south kensington. Very pleasant and comfortable atmosphere and friendly staff. Interesting menu consisting of locally sourced ingredients. We had the Arctic Char and skirt steak entrees and both were absolutely fantastic. Desert was great too. We will definitely be back!Helm is probably my favorite restaurant in Philadelphia right now. The food is delicious and memorable. We have been here four times and it is always great.Helm was one of the best meals I have had in recent memory. Service was extremely impeccable and friendly. The food was creative, approachable, and perfectly cooked. The place has a homey vibe. Loved it all! Plus, it's a BYOB.
Try the squid, skirt steak, and make sure to get the grapefruit tart for dessert!Recently had dinner for 4 at Helm on a Saturday evening. We had reservations for 630 and arrived on time. The food was good. We ordered 5 different appetizers to share and 3 entrees, also to share. 
Again, the food was good. But while we were still eating, the waitress started asking if we were done with one plate. 
We also ordered desserts. And after we finished the desserts, i asked if the waitress could get me another beer that we had brought. 
Then she comes back, asking if we could take the beer "to go", because we've been there for 2 hours and that they have another reservation waiting!!??
This is the first time ever I have actually been asked to leave a restaurant!!?? Weirdest experience ever!!! Total let down after a lovely dinner.Great service!  Jasmine was superb, except I had to ask for water refills and they substituted a different entree, but we are flexible.  Waited 15 minutes for our reservation, but we weren't in any hurry.  Food was very unique, bread came with too little butter for a table of four.  Dessert was delicious, ordered on of each.  Lots of grilled items,  uniquely prepared in an open kitchen concept.  Had a great dinner and will be back.comfortable, casual setting with visually stunning dishes. the components of some dishes were disproportionate, such as being too acidic, but otherwise was a fun, delicious dinner. byob is a plus as well!Inventive favors, friendly servers, and BYOB.  This is for the modern / adventurous eater.  There is nothing plain on the menu.  Highly suggest the carrots and radishes.Went to Helm last night with a group of 4. We wanted to try everything, so we split a bunch of dishes (4 small plates, 3 larger ones, and 2 desserts). Really creative menu, great service, and BYO!
We started with the leeks, sweet potatoes+mussels, butcher bloody polenta (colored with beets), and whole fennel+poached squid. The leeks and the squid were our favorites! So much flavor and really unique preparation for the squid. The polenta was good, but nothing too exciting about it.
Next we had the skirt steak, the pork, and the Brussels sprouts+tortellini. The skirt steak was cooked perfectly! Super tender and really delicious. The Brussels sprouts were really surprising and ended up being my favorite dish of the night! The pork was a good dish, but compared to the steak and the sprouts, just not as memorable. 
Desserts were great! I don't remember the details (we had 3 bottles of wine at this point), but I remember liking the grapefruit dessert a lot! 
Overall, I'm really glad this place exists and I'm excited to see how the menu evolves. The server was awesome and super knowledgeable about the sourcing of the ingredients (a lot of hyper local, urban farmed stuff). Great experience!There are few times in my life that I can remember having a meal as good as the meal I had tonight at Helm. Everything we ordered was 5 star and the service was excellent. We started off with a bang! The carrot and goat cheese appetizer set the bar high and is a must for every visit at Helm. 
For our main courses we went with one tortellini, one flank steak and one Arctic char. Every single one of the dishes were cooked to perfection. My only regret is that I didn't order all 3 for myself.
For their last trick, they served us up the cherry tart and chocolate custard. Each dish was masterfully done and tasted delicious. 
Upon delivery of each dish, chef Matt would explain how they were made and answer any question that came to mind with the utmost patience. 
MARK MY WORDS, this restaurant is TOP 10 in the state of Pennsylvania and perhaps the best meal for your money in the entire nation. 
When I die, I hope to be buried in Helm and have chef Matt explain how I died of an overdose in a decidedly timely death. 
If you are on the fence about where to eat, look no further! Call Helm and when they tell you that they're booked for the night, beg them to put you on the waiting list!I have been waiting to eat at Helm (and am lucky enough to live a block and a half away) since my birthday a few weeks ago. The food is INCREDIBLE and innovative and complex in the flavors but simple and precious and cozy in presentation. I'm so happy to have this little gem in my locale and have since switched my favorite Philly restaurant from Vernick to Helm. 
Congrats to these young chefs for a spectacular restaurant. Also thanks to Madeline, our server, who made each dish on the menu sound like poetry.A delicious and truly heartwarming BYOB. My friend and I had heard good reviews of Helm and decided to give it a try, as we are both foodies and are always out to adventure! It did not disappoint, from finding out that it really isn't located in Kensington (which was what was described on google, but surprised us by leading us to Northen Liberties -and thus even closer than we thought-) to the verbal explanation that details the full menu (it let us know where the locally sourced ingredients came from and showed us that our server really knew the dishes).
We started with the sweet breads....(recommended by our server Justin, who was outstanding) Each bite was more delicious than the previous, we both actually declared that at the same time. Our next selection was the  Rabbit Eggplant and Gouda (for me) and the Steak Jalapeño and Potato (for her - but of course  we both tasted and evaluated both dishes!). Ahmazing, the sauce for the Rabbit on the very first bite just invited me in... keep digging, it implored. The steak, cooked med - med rare, came with trimmed fat on... (that's when you know you are in for a real treat). We ended our dinner and long catch up girl talk, over one of the more savory desserts... a cheese peach sweet potato dish. It was a perfect finish to our meal as we sipped our last wine and appreciated the line that was growing at the door in wait for tables. 
Definitely go if you are considering a unique dining experience in a casual but "knows the importance of food" environment! 
We will be back!If I could replicate one restaurant and put it on every block in my neighborhood of Astoria, Queens, it'd be Helm. 
My darling and I decided to spend our special weekend in Philadelphia and we reserved a table of 2 for 8:30 at Helm. Reading the reviews, we knew we'd be in for some tasty food, but we were absolutely blown away with EVERYTHING the restaurant had to offer.
Upon finding out about our special day and reasoning for my sweetheart and I's visit to Philly, our server Justin bought us a bottle of champagne. REALLY GOOD CHAMPAGNE. We were absolutely blown away with how kind the gesture was and everything just went up from there! We ordered the brussel sprouts with hazelnuts and the root vegetables with duck confit to start. Incredible as expected - my other doesn't usually eat vegetables and he managed to finish both plates! Then came the chicken two ways (probably the moistest chicken breast I've ever bitten into) and the steak with jalapeno. Unbelievable. Extravagant. Over the top. 
All the while, enjoying champagne, each other's company, and the service of Justin. 
I'd come to visit just for this place. Thanks, Helm, for making our night one to remember.What a great experience at this BYOB in lower Kensington.  Though the street it's on is a little sketchy, it's only a block or so above Girard Avenue.  The ambience is exactly what Id hoped for-casual and lively but not so loud that one couldn't enjoy a conversation.  But the best was the food.  Each course an adventure in different flavors.  The cuisine is probably French inspired but definitely influences from Spain and the Mediterranean in my view.  Had the mussels, tenderloin and chocolate mousse.  Probably the best meal I've had at a Philly restaurant in years.One of the best meals I've ever had the opportunity to enjoy!   Menu may be overwhelming for those with a more "narrow" palette as it was for my wife.   However Helm provided her with the opportunity to step outside of her comfort zone and try things she would never try in a million years, and she loved it!   
From start to finish you can tell the entire team's expectations for themselves is top tier!   The restaurant though small is simply decorated and provides an intimate atmosphere for friends or couples to spend time together.   The service staff is very friendly and impressively educated by the culinary team on menu knowledge.   For food you can tell only the freshest of ingredients are allowed to make it into dishes and are prepared with a sense of pride-- no shortcuts are taken! No liquor license so make sure you pick a nice few bottles of wine, i would recommend bringing a variety because you never know what exactly it is you will be ordering.
As far as pricing-- this is not a chain, they do not use cheap ingredients from a mass distribution center, they have chefs in the kitchen, and you will want to order multiple plates and courses... expect to pay a decent total--- however expect similar quality of plates to that you'd expect in fine dining but nothing near the price.
To our experience-- we were having such a great time and enjoyed everything so much,  one of the sous chefs, Mark, came table side and educated us all on the dishes he had helped prepare, he was extremely genuine in his inquiries of our thoughts--- AMAZING touch!!!
The Helm was one of the most fantastic culinary experiences I have ever had the opportunity to participate in!
Tips:   
-Make a reservation (they are on open table). 
-if anyone in your party has any allergies or dietary concerns, let the Helm know a few days in advance so they can be sure everyone in your party can enjoy the ride!!!
-if your culinary experiences are limited, don't be scared! Be open minded!
Thank you entire Helm team!!! Hats off to each of you from start to finish!I'm probably somewhere between 2 and 3 stars but overall I was underwhelmed by my experience at Helm. About a year before I had an outstanding meal at South Helm so maybe I came on an off night even though it was a Friday? One starter dish with cabbage, romesco and feta was memorable but both main dishes I tried (lamb/grits/gouda and monk/squash/mussels) didn't have as much flavor as I hoped. Boring dessert options weren't able to save the meal so next time I think I will be heading back to the south spot.I came to Helm to celebrate my 30th birthday this past week and was absolutely blown away. I'd been meaning to visit for a while after hearing several positive reviews, I only wish I had come sooner. The atmosphere of the small restaurant is warm and inviting. Our servers we're on the ball throughout the meal. They explained the menu thoroughly and checked in often enough but not so often we felt rushed. The food...... oh man. Since the menu changes so often I wont go into detail but our party of three ordered 3 starters, 3 entrees and 3 desserts and shared everything. Each bite was better than the last and we left feeling extremely full and beyond satisfied.
My meal at Helm was one of the best i've had in years, maybe ever. Check it out, you won't be disappointed.Delicious dinner! We sampled lots from the menu but some standouts were the asparagus/bore/yoke app, poached artic char, and Brussels sprouts with tortellini. Service was fabulous and we were pleasantly surprised by so many layers of flavor on the menu. Great meal.Last night being my third time dining at Helm and I must say it keeps getting better.  The food is exceptional and hyper-local sourcing is a a great way to get to know local purveyors and what our city has to offer.  The service is warm, friendly and relaxed.
After several more time dining here since my initial review. Helm continues to improve on what was outstanding. Very attentive service and inventive well prepared dishes.Great cozy spot, but not cramped feeling at all. The menu was very inventive, and the waitstaff was knowledgeable and attentive.
Two of the appetizers seemed slightly "forced" in that you can only come out with so many ways to combine certain ingredients. For example, the buratta/corn/cucumber was good, but only because I enjoy those three things separately. I didn't really see why they should be paired together. The artichoke/steak app had nice flavor, but again, I don't get the pairing.
We also had the smoked carrot appetizer which is apparently a long-standing menu favorite. Would highly recommend that.  
The mains included duck, lamb and a pork and long-hot tortellini, which were all excellent. I liked that the portions were on the smaller side. Keep that in mind when ordering. 
All in all besides my nitpicking about the appetizers, this place is a solid BYO. It's really between a 4 and a 5 for me.i so want to love this place.   the appetizers were amazing.   the service was good, but when we ordered the monkfish for two and it showed up cold.   i tried to eat it and while the carrots were perfect, the fish was insanely cold.   we sent it back and they literally just put it under the broiler for 5 min and then reserved it to us.   i appropriately called bs to the chef.
though a 1 star review is harsh, its all based on how the restaurant responded to a quality control issue.   i literally have sent things back at restaurants 3 times over thousands of meals in my life, but this dish was not appropriate for customers.
the issues are:
1). served cold food
2). to solve the cold food issue they just cooked it some more, fundamentally changing the dish and not getting why we ordered it in the first place...their creative take on monkfish - not a reheated version of it
3).  when i complained about the solution i was told it was my fault the dish was cold because i had the nerve to take a bathroom break (120-180 seconds) literally 14 feet from my table
4).  then i was told it takes 30 minutes to cook the monkfish again, so would i like something else?
they sent chicken and arctic char and while tasty the poor service on the monkfish was tough to forget.   they didn't charge us for mains to make it right, but i insisted they  charge us because we weren't looking for a discount...we wanted a special experience.    
blaming the customer for cold food is not special in our opinion, therefore the 1 star review.    this is fixable, but they need to know that this is not how to treat customersThe food is fantastic and creative. I don't remember being so excited for an american restaurant in Kensington. So why the low review? Well unfortunately, my girlfriend and I went here the other night and the wait staff completely forgot about us.  When we did pull someone away to take our order, the food never came out (we ordered the burrata twice and they forgot both times). When we just asked for our check, the wait staff apologized and comp our apps, but after waiting for over 20 mins to even get our check.. well let's just say it left a sour impression on us. I reaaaally hope this is just a fluke, because otherwise its a great experience.While the three-ingredient listing of the menu items can be a little mysterious, you really can't go wrong with anything you order here. The Octopus-Squash-Olive appetizer was delicious, the Carrot-Chevre-Basquaise was perfect. The Cod-Squash-Caesar was amazing, but the real stand-out was the Pork Tortellini Long Hot--I don't eat meat, so I didn't order it for my entree, but I tried two of the tortellini on my gentleman's plate and they were something to write home about (The pork was served on top, not inside the tortellini.) The portions were exactly right, and we got both of the desserts they were offering--similarly outstanding. Being a BYO makes the final bill less shocking as well--two appetizers, two entrees, and two desserts for less than $100. Not only did I already recommend this place to four people in two days, I hope to head back before too long.Holy wow!! The food is ambitious and interesting and comes together beautifully. My favorites were the smoked carrot appetizer and the skirt steak entree.  Prices seem fair and portions are decent-sized. My neighbors dining to either side were raving about their dishes as well. The decor is cozy and casual, nice subtle lighting, little touches everywhere like a cookbook bookcase, turntable, and a small two person nook. I want to sit there next time. I made my next reservation before leaving the restaurant!  Downsides are minor - hideous bathroom and not so good chocolate dessert. Service was on point. I recognized some familiar industry faces from Fork and Stateside, to name just a couple. This is BYOB and when I decided I hated the wine we brought, the manager magically produced a lovely bottle of rosé and we traded! Can't wait to eat here again very soon!Flew into town yesterday and LUCKED OUT to find this gem AND get a table for 2. Absolutely impeccable service, caring staff, and STELLAR meal of smoked carrots and the chicken done  two ways. Don't miss this place!Banging . Stellar. They know what they're doing.  Unpretentious, knowledgeable and charming service! Each dish has layered tones of flavor and texture.  Slow cooked and innovative --- the love is alive in the food!  The vibe is warm. Love the open big windows.  Simple decor that is rustic and elegant.  Gotta love a restaurant that's got bookcases of records and cookbooks in the dining room.  Keep up the great work guys and gals!This is a hidden gem.  The food is all unique, and the menu frequently changes.  The menu is written on a chalkboard and features sides and food combinations I have never seen anywhere else.  It is a BYOB, which also is helpful because it saves money on booze!  You will not be disappointed.  This has been our go-to "special occasion" restaurant for over a year now.This place doesn't need another 5 star review, but whatever.  I guess I feel compelled to say that Helm totally lives up the hype.  Great space and superb service.  Every dish was delicious and well executed.  I would probably give this place 4 stars, but the prices are so good that it gets the bump to 5 stars.  One of the best meals my partner and I have had as a couple that was well under $100.Is there a 6th star? This place deserves it. The risk and guts that it took to open in this location was HUGE and it so paid off. It just goes to show that when the talent is there and the food is good, it doesn't matter WHERE you are. We took a gamble tonight and decided to wait for a late reservation...it was worth every minute of waiting and every dollar we spent! Philly is an amazing city for eating, and this place just adds to the list. Go go go!!! Beyond worth it. Food, service...BYOB! It's just different, fantastic experience that I will undoubtedly be back to enjoy :)An intimate BYOB with great food and friendly staff- I loved our dinner here last night. We ordered 7 appetizers to share. Loved the Brussels sprouts app and the steak with ricotta. Six small plates would have been enough for the two of us in hindsight, since we regrettably had no room for dessert. I'm glad we took the drive to check out Helm. I'd recommend this place to anyone.YUM! yum yum yum yum YUMMY! 
With Modo Mio Closing last week I was on the hunt for another neihborhood BYOB that would offer me extraordinary plates that would be always exciting, and sometimes weird. Found it! There were four of us and we ordered 2 entrees, six appetizers, 2 desserts and shared everything. This is the way to go folks!! We split our bill and it ended up being $50 per person including tax and a 25% tip. Even our least favorite dish was amazing. And yo, the carrots are no joke!