I finally just got a chance to head over to Hibiscus last weekend, and I'm ashamed that it took me as long as it did. This place is amazing. My husband and I went for lunch with our neighbors and between us we got: two jerk tofu wraps, the seitan fajita wrap and the chickpea and kale platter. Everyone thoroughly enjoyed their food (even my carnivore husband!) and we all vowed to not be strangers. The owners are so warm and friendly as well.
Seating was kind of limited (we had to push a few tables together to accommodate our party of four) so in the future we'll probably do takeout. So happy to have this in our neighborhood!I'm loving the natural vibe of this place. I've been here a couple of times and like that I can order vegetarian food. Unfortunately, I don't really like the food that much, but they're so sweet and the food is decent enough. I probably will return.The salmon wrap was excellent, I chose spinach wrap with teriyaki sauce , the most seasoned wrap I've ever had.  I will be returning, and the customer service was excellent, they even helped me decide.  Pure and relaxing environment.  And smoothies are also goodI usually stop by Hibiscus for a fresh juice. I love the atmosphere and was looking forward to tasting the food.  I'm so glad I did today. The coconut curry fish wrap is excellent. Everything from the greens to the rice is delicious and I'd love to learn how to make that sauce. I'll definitely be exploring the menu this summer. I wish Hibiscus ongoing success.I knew the food would be good when I walked in. Peanut punch with jerk tofu wrap! Yes laaaaaawd! JAHThis place blew me away.  The food is great with large portion sizes I ordered a salmon wrap with curry coconut which was perfect and it was big enough for me and my aunt to share without either of us wanting anything else.I love Hibiscus. My go-to is the curry kale wrap warmed on a Spinach wrap.
The owners are so friendly. They make your food to order, and it takes a few minutes to come out because they make it with care and attention to detail.
They are also very knowledgeable about health and holistic nutrition. I posted on their facebook asking about natural fever remedies, and they responded very quickly with a suggestion. They even invited me to come into the store so they could give me fevergrass- which they did for free.
I'm drooling thinking about this place... totally going there later for some healthy vegetarian comfort food!This place is a lifesaver.  Healthy food on the go. Plenty of variety on the menu and the staff are patient and very polite. Amazing smoothies and lots of vegan baked goods.Delicious! I had a vegan cheesesteak on Saturday night. Great texture to the seitan and it was very flavorful. Hibiscus has definitely earned that spot for their vegan cheesesteak to be considered one of the top three in Philadelphia. The staff was very friendly and the service was quick. I definitely recommend trying this place.I was in the neighborhood and noticed Hisbiscus Café across the street. The green storefront looked very natural, so I went inside to see what they had.
The menu is absolutely amazing. All of the options were appealing and I finally settled on a kale and chickpea wrap in spinach wrap.  I also ordered a fruit smoothie.
The friendly owner told me that it would be a few minutes because she had to turn on the panini press, so I spent the time talking to my friend and looking at the store's bumper sticker collection 
When the food came out, it was absolutely delicious. I definintely plan on going back. The wrap was warm outside, and inside, and beyond kale and chickpeas, had potates. The flavors blended together wonderfully. Perhaps next time I would order it with mozzorellla cheese, but since this place also caters to vegans, I wasn't partiularly missing out.
My friend ordered a pizza on whole grain crust, and she was given the option of regular or vegan cheese. She was a big fan of her dish as well.
Beyond the food, the owner was very friendly the customers all had a positive vibe.
Can't wait to go back!The pre-made food is quite good... but often not quite as fresh as it could be, which is why this place only gets two stars from me. Because I do not like wilted day-old kale. 
I've also had  a tuna salad scared me a bit.
Please do better with this Hibiscus!! We really need some healthy take out options on Baltimore Ave!
Pluses: Juice is quite good. Sometimes they sell the Samosas from the Indian grocery on Walnut, which are the best samosas I've had in the city.Huge plate! Love the portion size but too greasy and spicy, I had the seitan platter and nori roll. Didn't know there is chopped apples in the nori roll.SUCH A GREAT addition to this part of the hood.  Plus, it doesn't hurt that they're RIGHT NEXT DOOR to  Little Baby's :-P.
I'm not one to make sweeping comparisons....buuuuut.....in the all natural juice/small bites category, I have to go with Hibiscus over Atiya Ola's.   Prices are better, much more comfortable "feel", just a bit less....pretentious? I don't know if that's the word I'm looking for, but having a new option to choose from only seems to highlight the things about the  local competition that I wasn't a fan of to begin with.
Had the Tropical Rhythm - fresh pineapple juice, coconut water and pulp, lime juice.  The man had Roots and Culture - carrots, beets, yogurt, and cashews.    Both were delicious!! Next visit...the Jamaican Jerk tofu wrap.....WHAT?!?!??! 
At the end of the day, having more than one choice to satisfy your fresh juice and raw/natural food cravings is NEVER a bad thing, so give Hibiscus a try!!!!I usually stop by Hibiscus for a fresh juice. I love the atmosphere and was looking forward to tasting the food.  I'm so glad I did today. The coconut curry fish wrap is excellent. Everything from the kale to the rice is delicious and I'd love to learn how to make that sauce. I'll definitely be exploring the menu this summer. I wish Hibiscus ongoing success.Great experience.  So excited to see a vegan/vegetarian/health store in my childhood neighborhood.  Looking forward to visiting this spot whenever I'm in philly. The customer service was awesome, and the food was even better.  Got my family of carnivores to indulge and they are all ready to return for more good eats.Home away from home type spot. An oasis in the middle of a food desert. Good vibes and delicious wraps and smoothies. 
Had the salmon wrap which was on point and the peanut punch smoothie -divine!  Going back again to find some more gems on the menu before saying goodbye to Philly.This place really brightens up the Cedar Park area. Everytime I've been in here everyone is so friendly and helpful not like other places that I've seen be rude to juice/vegan novices. Staff is very knowledgable and besides food they also sell herbal products, soaps, oils, etc. I don't know what it is about the "Reboost" drink but it fuels and gives me energy. Highly recommended after a hangover or wild night out. Whether you're looking for great smoothie/juice blends or fresh vegan/vegetarian options this place hits it on the nail.Hibiscus is one of my favorite West Philly destinations - the food is healthy, delicious and they use lots of nutritient-dense ingredients like kale, beets and okra . The jerk seitan wrap with greens in a homemade tortilla makes for a nourishing and satisfying lunch. They have a good selections chilled beverages (guava kombucha - yumm) or the helpful staff can whip you up a powerful fresh juice. Service is fairly fast given that everything is made to order, but I'd recommend calling ahead if you're in a huge hurry. They also have pre-made foods or hot samosas and veggie patties ready to go. I highly recommend giving Hibiscus a try if you have not yet discovered this Baltimore Avenue gem.My most favorite place to come relax and enjoy the good vibes and most of all the music and food after a long day at work..food is fantastic just the right amount of spicyness love how the place is coming along as far as the update of the restaurant inside. an most importantly they are clean. place always clean walls no grease build up any where you can see your own reflection in steel panels in the back of the restaurant.  great job will diffinitlly come back always even thou i leave way across town.Went Sunday  (6/23/13) for the first time and it will not be the last!  For three people (and juice drinks) it was less than $25 and delish...wonderful to have (so many!) choices as a vegan.  One of the cooks also had us sample an oatmeal/green banana/coconut milk drink that was wonderful...hope this place's only problem is not enough space!I got the best juice of my life here. The Relief. As a vegan and a former vegan cafe and juice bar worker this place it great! They make your food to order and have a lot of options for such a small place. I've had the jerk tofu wrap and the seitan philly wrap and both were amazing. I love looking at all the African dry goods and health foods and supplements while I wait for my order. This weekend my boyfriend and I went in for lunch and there were quite a few people ordering and already eating. We received our food before the juice we ordered but I kindly reminded them that we ordered a juice and we were given two instead of one and and a heart felt apology for the wait. This was more than kind and necessary of them. I was stuffed half way through my wrap and kept eating it until my stomach hurt because it was that enjoyable. This is a small business and using what looks like fresh produce which I know cost more per pound  over canned and frozen options is more than likely why their prices seem a bit steep. I must compare that Satellite across the street (whom I love and frequent often) recently raised the prices of the vegan wraps to about $6-7 a pop not including tax and the only fresh produce in those is the spinach.
There was recently a parklet installed right outside of Hibiscus and Little Babies which is a perfect addition to the area. There is also Cedar Park right across the street that you can enjoy your wrap and ice cream at if the stores are packed.I LOVE this place.  It's so far from where I live, but I make the drive whenever I can.  The food is fresh and delicious.  The staff are friendly and happy.  The place is clean.  Good vibes all around.  I give it a 10 out of 5!Good vegan desserts. Friendly folks. Awesome wall painting. Looking forward to going back for a smoothie and/or meal.Delicious! From the smoothies to the spinach patties and curry chickpea salad. Oh and the cheesesteak. SOOOOOOO freaking good. It's an out of this world experience. 
Just try it. You won't regret it.The guys were real nice and the service was great. I'm giving 4/5 because there is no AC over the summer and that took away from the environment. I went on a really hot day (partially my fault) and I was sweating like crazy. They have two fans in there, but for the most part it just blows the warm air around. That's my only complaint.
The Pro was the Veggie cheesesteak!! So good!!! I chose the spicer between the two and it was spicy indeed. Not for those who are sensitive to spice, but I loved it! The melted cheese was unreal! Sometimes veggie cheese isn't that great, but this one here was a real winner! It's a little place that is tricky to find, but well worth a trip or two (just pick a cool day) :)Love this place. Delicious veggie and vegan food that is obviously prepared with love and is super fresh. I've had the spinach patties, veggie platters, juices and spicy popcorn. They are all amazing and have been lifesavers during this cold winter! The workers are very friendly and helpful if you aren't sure what to get. Highly recommended!First restaurant we went to in Philly. Great food, great people. What an excellent place. We would recommend this place to anyone and we are so glad to have found it.I've had the salmon platter, a smoothie and the chick pea kale wrap. All were delicious! The service was great as well. I will be returning very soon!This place is amazing. I had the best vegan philly cheese steak here. I'm a customer forever. The customer service is 5 stars. I'm always greeted by someone friendly. The vibe of the restaurant and music that is played makes me feel right at home. I love this place!!! The sweet potato pie is so yummy also!!! I might go there tomorrow for a tofu jerk platter. I'm a vegetarian and i love this place!!!!Pleasantly surprised! As someone recently transitioning to eating a mostly plant based diet..I was very happy to find a place with a very tasty menu and an array of options. LOVED the curry chick pea dish and jerk tofu! The platters were huge..well work the money. I will definitely be back!Good vibes, great food! I usually get the seitan quesadillas and they're delicious! The juices and smoothies are also excellent and they always have great desserts and food to go!I love this place! Everyone that works here is so awesome & helpful. I always get either the Salmon Wrap (Coconut Curry), or Garden Salad with Salmon. I definitely need to branch out & get other things. I've had the Philly Cheese Steak (delicious) & very Juice combo they offer.It's easy to miss this gem on hurried Baltimore Ave area.  I got the kale & curried chickpea Channa with black bean wrap and a beet juice based drink.  I was the only one there and the nice person behind the counter took over 10 minutes to prepare my wrap and juice while I waited; she actually got a pan out and sauteed the kale and warmed the prepared Channa.  No tables there to eat; so I took it home and my wife devoured half the wrap before I could sit down and eat my half.  But even half the wrap was enough for lunch; juice and wrap was total of $12.  As vegetarians living in West Philly, we are instant fans of this place.  Highly recommend and hopeful they can keep up the slow food quality as they get busier.I loved the food!  I'm not vegan but the cheesesteak vegan sub was very delicious!  So full of flavor!  We also had the veggie pizza which had kale and vegan cheese.  Great as well.  The chicken wrap was also very delicious.  I've eaten seitan since I was a child and I can honestly say, this is the best I've tasted so far.  The flavors are so good you don't realize you are not eating meat.  It is Jamaican flavors, which I do love.  So if that is not on your flavor favorite, you might not like this place.  There are some good spicy flavors going on as well.  But you can ask for not spicy.  If you are vegan, you definitely need to give this place a try.  If you are looking to give good meat alternatives a try, you need to try this place.  The prices, to me, are very reasonable.  Three meals with drinks was around $40.  I'm visiting from the Baltimore area and that price is very good.  The music was good, too!  We might have to go back before we leave.I had there salmon and brown rice wrap and it was delicious! The vibe is a West Indian feel which I love. The next time I go in I'm going to try the jerk chicken tofo.hibiscus is the best vegetarian restaurant I've ever been to. The best food in the world!! I bought the coconut tilapia with mixed greens & a kale salad on the side. While I was there I decided to buy a slice of pumpkin spice cake & some mixed popcorn. The kale said was so good that I bought another one for home. The people that work there are very friendly & welcoming. I will definitely be returning.I just moved into the neighborhood and was so pleased to discover Hibiscus Cafe. It's good to know that we have owners Sara and Jessica in our corner, working hard to whip out lots of great veggie eats, baked goods and delicious smoothies every day. I even learned about the benefits of Irish Moss from the Hibiscus Crew. I refer all my friends to Hibiscus and really hope its fame continues to grow so the store prospers and is in my hood for a long time. Check it out asap! :-)My hankering for a smoothie has come to an end. What a refreshing treat; the natural flavors of the fruit danced on my tongue. I even did my usual hum of joy as I walked to the trolley. I will suggest that they not only greet the regulars with excitement but also a newbie like myself.Love this place! Great, delicious food and nice friendly vibe. Recommend the spirulina and hemp protein bars, the goji drink and raspberry chocolate smoothies! Will definitely be coming back here.  Next time I'll get some of the boxes appetizers. They looked amazing!This place is awesome!  I ordered a garden salad with spicy seitan that was not only visually appealing but  was tasty too. I wish lived closer so I could stop by more often.Believe the hype! Hibiscus gets big points for their friendly people who know something about the veggies that they are juicing for you. The wraps are big & the beverages are totally excellent. When you're looking for healthy & filling food, go here.Having lunch at one of my favorite spots. This place has the best fish wraps ever. The smoothies are good as well. My favorite "Green Goodness". If your ever in the West Philly area looking for some healthy options, check out Hibiscus.WOW! I am legitimately fearful for my bank account after discovering this hidden gem. AMAZING options, sides, portions, atmosphere, everything..... I could go on and on and on but just do yourself the favor of giving it a try. I got the jerk seitan platter and theres soooo much food with soooo much flavor!! I saw a few reviews about the food being too spicy.... its Jamaican style food.... Its spicy? go somewhere else and stop leaving bad reviews because you bought spicy food but dont like spice, LOL!This was my first time trying a vegan meal and it was amazing! The staff was definitely helpful in helping me choose the right choice and I couldn't have been more satisfied. I will definitely be back for more!Heard about this place and wanted to try something different ... well I ordered the chicken cheese steak and was given what I believe to be salmon wrap . I took it because I had called ahead and didn't  have time for them to fix the correct item . It tasted good but wasn't what  I was expecting but the flavors were good I also ordered the tropical rhythm smoothie it lacked in flavor . I won't rule  out this place because I want to try the jerk chicken platter maybe then I will get what I ordered . StY woke and pay attention , it wasn't even crowded smhGreat food, great customer service and the atmosphere is friendly. I would highly recommended this cafe to anyone who's interested in great tasting healthy food.I loved the ambience of the place but the food was just ok. They were out of rolls so my cheesesteak was on a wrap. I would like to give them another shot when I'm in the area.The Vegan Cheesesteak is incredibly good! And the people working there are really nice. Slightly expensive but you are paying for top notch quality foodi love this place!!!
i stopped in here on a whim to get a freshly squeezed juice after chasing my son at Cedar Park in the hot sun. i should have never given him a taste because he drank almost the whole thing :)
the food here is so good!! and not just for veg folks either- my husband eats meat and he loves it! my favorites are the kale and chickpea curry and the jamaican jerk tofu.  they also have a lot of prepared foods which are the perfect size to feed my little guy. just FYI other parents, they don't have a high chair, so BYO. they also take cards.
if you check on yelp you can get a free patty!I've started frequenting this place and I think everyone should! They use great ingredients and offer a menu that truly nourishes your body. They seem to really understand the foods their working with, and have a nice staff. I usually get a wrap and I ALWAYS get a joint juice.The people who work there are incredibly nice and helpful! They have amazing samosas and veggie patties and cold noodles. an awesome and cheap option if you're on the go. I havent tried a lot of their other food but it seems healthy and delicious.Outstanding food and service! Jerk Seitan wrap with veggies and seaweed salad. Absolutely delicious!The vegan cheesesteak is soooo good here! The music, atmosphere and art is pretty sweet too. Good smoothie selection. The only downside to this place is that there aren't too many tables (about 5 tables that seat two people each). Such a nice Rasta vibe though, I would definitely recommend visiting at some point if you live in West Philly. A brilliant gem of Cedar Park!
Oh! I wanted to add-- the hot sauces here are DOPE. Try them.i've given this place two chances, but they failed me twice.
first time, i got a pizza. they didn't ask me what kind of cheese i wanted, and i wound up with a vegan pizza. i am not vegan.
today i got a chicken steak seitan wrap with rice. it just wasn't good lol. i didn't like the rice they used, and the seitan didn't taste like chicken. seitan isn't a good chicken mimicker because its too soft.
i wont be back!
ALSO the juice tasted VERY artificial i couldn't even finish itThis place melted my heart and taste buds! So good and healthy that I could feel the good energy revitalizing my body, mind and spirit. I had the curry chickpeas and kale, a kale salad and a vegetable cocktail of beets, carrots, cucumber and kale. This meal was my favorite in Philly and I wish I could take it back to Los Angeles with me.Great reggae vibe, very relaxing atmosphere and wow the food. Healthy but yet tasty. Keep it up guys!The seitan cheesesteak was better than an actual, "with meat" cheesesteak. I'm still not 100% sure how it was possible. Also great healthy smoothies. A little short on seating inside, but there is a parklet right outside for when the weather is nice!We accidentally stumbled into this place off a rainy street after deciding we didn't want to wait in the line at Cedar Park Cafe. From the moment we walked in we were enthralled with the place's rasta themed aesthetic and chill vibe. The menu is full of healthy and seemingly very tasty morsels, for a fair price. We got the salmon wrap with coconut curry and the curried kale and chickpea wrap. Both were perfectly spiced and cooked very nicely with satisfying texture. It was satiating and we felt great after eating them. Can't wait to come back and try more things like the smoothies. We hope more people find this gem of a place.This place is pretty neat! At first I was skeptical to try sea moss in a smoothie, and at first it tasted a little different but I quickly got used to it! I had the nut smoothie. The only thing is my stomach hurt a later on in the day, and I didn't know if it was because of that or not. Overall good food and customer service.
Side note: I tried using a restaurant.com certificate I got for this restaurant and they didn't accept it. Just a heads up!I truly loved the curry kale & chick pea salad. I appreciate the grab and go options available. Also got a mango Irish moss smoothie that I enjoyed a lot. Veggie pattie was seriously tasty as well!Great food! Vegetables patties were delicious and the mock tuna fish wrap was really good.Delicious smoothies, tofu curry, seaweed avocado wrap! Exceptional service - warm, friendly and informative staff. I wish I lived closer so I could be a regular!Chickpea curry was a little bland :/ their smoothies and juices are good though and the portions are good for the price. The curry chickpeas and kale I bought from the fridge was really good the first time. Was a little disappointed when I ate in. But still for vegan food it's a decent choice.Kristin H & I decided to check this place out because 1, it's around the corner from her apartment (she'd been here before), & 2, it was in the top 3 of the vegan cheesesteak contest. (Naturally, I have to taste ALL the vegan cheesesteaks!)
Really friendly service--I think this woman Sara is the owner, and she's amazing. We ordered vegan cheesesteaks, the new guy said they were out of vegan cheese, and Sara was like, "Oh no we are not!" and sent someone across the street to the co-op to stock up! Now THAT is customer service! The cheesesteak was fantastic, so was the smoothie...and the spirulina popcorn...and the hot pocket freebie with first Yelp checkin!
I highly recommend & I expect Hibiscus will be my go-to every time I'm in West Philly.The vegan cheesesteak is wonderful. I'm here craving for one since 12pm. I'm on my way now. Nothing is going to stop me. It's so yummy!!!!This is such a gem - esp for vegans !
There is an incredible, welcoming vibe as soon as you enter.   It's clear that food is made with Love.
I got the Jamaican Jerk seitan wrap and it was utterly fresh and delicious and was seasoned/spiced to perfection!   Kale and rice were added to the seitan to make such a filling wrap that I could only eat one half for my dinner.
I complimented the meal with fresh ginger brew (Real Deal).
I took home a vegan dessert that I couldn't resist - a raw pineapple-ginger concoction that was part pie and part cake.  It was lovely and light!
I will absolutely return!This place is a god sent for vegan like me. Near my home an easy bike ride to super flavorful vegan food. Vegan paddy delicious. Philly jawn amazing. Strawberry gluten free vegan short cake incredible. Do not get me started on their vegan chicken nuggets with vegan honey mustard sauce. I love them. I wish they would buffalo them..... OMG. !!!!FAT VEGAN MOMENT.... LOL!!! They also have smoothies and more. If your vegan  or not if your in west philly and your hungry get at dem..... you'll be irieI had the "philly jawn" cheesesteak spicy, I did the vegan cheese and not the mozzarella option, super tasty!!!! I can't wait to try all of their foods, Also had a yummy spicy ginger lemonade doesn't sound great but it taste really refreshing, also the place was clean with a nice vibeI would certainly come here everyday if I could afford to. EVERYTHING I've eaten from this beautiful place has been delicious. I've had the (veg) Chicken Wrap - it made me want to cry real tears. Curry Chick Peas & Kale - super delicious. I'm writing this review because I am craving some right now lol. The Spinach & Veggie Patties are so good, I am almost certain that this restaurant gets everything right. The vegan Blueberry Cake was delish too. Love is sprinkled right on into everything & always beautifully presented. Eating healthy never felt so right! 
Earl is usually chatting around with customers & at the register. Such a sweet soul. The energy here is great, the people are always beautiful. I can't wait to eat here again.I'm a native Philadelphia resident (born & raised) so obviously I was skeptical of a vegan version of one of our signature sandwiches. However after just one bit of their chicken cheesesteak I was hooked! I have no idea what their secret is but they've nailed the taste!! I've also had their salmon wrap which was another master piece. I strongly suggest this place to anyone seeking a tasty healthy option.I see this place all the time when I am walking around (aka going to little baby's ice cream) but finally went in there for lunch today. Food was fantastic, atmosphere was relaxing, and the food came out relatively quickly. Overall I'd say this a great new addition to the neighborhood.I love this place, the smoothies are crack-rock addictive.  The people who own the place are always in theer and super friendly and willing to explain anything to you.  The samosas are good too.Great find in the area! This place has a great vibe to it with good, cheap food. It's the perfect spot if you're in a hurry because they have food in the fridge ready to go but also has seating where you can order different items on the menu as well. You can't beat the prices and because it's small, and has a reggae vibe to it, I feel like it is the ideal place for hipsters to go on a date lol. It's low key, authentic, and unique.Just had this place for the first time and it was awesome! I had the salmon wrap with jerk sauce which was divine! I placed my order with uberEats , which is cool because it's uber drivers who now deliver food! The delivery time was only about 30 minutes, which pretty Normal for delivery. I enjoyed half of my wrap and can't wait to eat the other half later! I'll definitely be ordering from here again.If more people in West Philly ate at this place, imagine all the healthy people there'd be in the neighborhood. It's not expensive, either!! The ladies who work there are so cool and the kale salad is excellent!My fav place ever!!!! I don't know what the person was talking about but fresh juiced veggies and fruit don't get ice. The food is delicious love the fact that if you ask questions about anything they will help my fav snack is the popcorn the mixed bag and totally love the fresh selection in the fridge.Healthy food that is delicious, affordable, and in a great location. For us West Philly locals this place is a gem. Juices are freshly made and affordable- half the cost of some of the places I have visited in center city. The pre made selection in the fridge is a great to-go option if you need something quick. The wraps are pretty tasty as well. Top that with a friendly staff and awesome reggae/dub to nod along with while you food is being prepared.It's hard to find a good vegan place in different neighborhoods. But this place is definitely a gem. Im a pescatarian so I purchased the son wrap with satueed greens and brown rice...It was delicious and big. I also had the pleasure of experiencing the super powers smoothie, which was absolutely delicious. The meal was costly which is to be expected with real food!! Will be back when I'm visiting clients in this part of the city.. also great conversation and vibes with the 2 guys working!Stopped here over lunch because it looked like a quick healthy spot. I was disappointed to see that the fridge that was supposed to be filled with prepared food (which looked great in previous Yelpers photos) was almost completely empty. I managed to pick out a Kale salad, which was actually really delicious and the highlight of my experience here. I also ordered a smoothie, which had a slight artificial taste that I wasn't a fan of. Biggest issue was that after I had ordered the smoothie and it was already being made, I tried paying by credit card and they said their card machine was broken. I almost never carry cash. If I didn't managed to find a crinkled $10 bill at the bottom of my purse it would have been an issue. They should have told me this ahead of time or at least had a sign up.I've been passing this place for months and finally stopped in today.  The food was so so so good.  Really high quality, fresh, flavorful, delicious and satisfying.  I got a  kale and chickpea wrap with potatoes chunks in a spicy sauce. I ended up taking half of it home because I was so happily full after the first half and an empanada and veggie pattie.  Usually I eat all my food and everyone else's to, but this was just too good to gorge on.    
And the place was bright, clean and women there were both very nice.  One even gave me an amazing raspberry smoothie, I think my brain/stomach is still in shock from so much great tasting & healthy stuff.  I seriously cannot wait to go back and try more.