Hickory Lane was an unexpected surprise in every way. My friend and I made reservations for New Year's Day brunch. Neither of us had ever been here before, and in fact my friend didn't even realize the restaurant was there even though she worked nearby for a while. I became concerned when we first walked in because it seemed so crowded, but somehow the staff makes it work! Once we were seated, however (at a lovely, sun-filled table with a street view) the overall effect was cozy and we didn't feel as though the atmosphere was crowded or loud. I'm not sure how they did that, but that was the first surprise! The second surprise was their extensive mimosa menu: my friend got the blood-Orange and I got the pear mimosa. Finally, our food came very quickly (even though of course we are those people who start talking and forget to look at the menu so the poor waitress had to come back) and it was delicious! I got the berry French toast with mascarpone. Their portions are large for the price, too! I have no complaints about Hickory Lane, especially since I went in expecting a subpar experience and ended up having a stellar experience!I went to Hickory Lane the other night for dinner with a friend.  She raved about the place and so decided to eat there.  I have to agree with her, everything was very good.  The food is excellent, the service was great and the location is cool.  The only reason I didn't give it five stars is because thought the pricing was a tad high, but this is NOT a reason not to give this place a try.  
I'll be back and looking forward too it.We stopped in this morning for brunch, had some friends with us. We all traveled from different parts of the city and met up here. My wife and I have been there for dinner so it was our recommendation.
We were the first reservation today at 10am. Seating was no problem. My wife ordered the vegan Apple pancake, she loved it!! Didn't even need syrup. She was raving about it. A friend had the lox and bagel, she enjoyed it, the bagel was burnt and inedible. The sides it came with were very good. I went with the pork belly eggs Benedict. Perfect! I ate every bit of it. Another friend had the tex mex special, she said it was just okay, way too much tortilla. She said it took over the dish. Finally another friend had the French toast with berries and whipped cream. The cream was home made and the French toast was delicious. The ladies all ordered different mimosas, they loved. The coffees came out cold, we didn't say anything at first. When the second round of coffee came out we let the server know. She was great and got a nice hot pot. 
Overall this place is great for brunch and dinner. We will go back, maybe just a bad day? Solid 4 stars for brunchPretty good food - I got the veggie burger with sweet potato fries. the fries were a bit salty but the food was all very good, great service, cozy atmosphere.We were in Philly for the New Years celebration and this was our last day before heading home. My husband made reservations for 10 AM when the restaurant opened. We were greeted with friendly smiles by the hostess and wait staff. We were immediately seated. The restaurant had a warm and cozy feel to it. The decor was somewhat rustic with the beautiful natural wood tables which had the tree bark running along the edges. The water glasses were mason jars. The special boards could be seen easily on decorative chalk boards near the entrance. The restaurant is quite small so you'll have to make reservations. 
Now to the food. We tried a few different dishes as there were so many that we wanted to try. Chef Lisa sent out the Caramel French Toast. Brioche, mascarpone, caramel, fresh strawberries and whipped cream. My favorite! 
Fruit and Granola Parfait
Sweetened Greek Yoghurt, Artisan Granola, Fresh Berries and Fruit, Strawberry Coulis
Beets & Goat Cheese Salad
Baby arugula, red & golden beets, Chevre Goat Cheese, shallots, toasted walnuts, balsamic vinaigrette. 
Pork Belly Benedict
Crisp pork belly, poached country eggs, toasted brioche, rosemary maple cream, pickled red onion, breakfast potatoes. The pork belly alone was just amazing! 
Red Velvet Crespelles
Red velvet buttermilk pancakes, strawberry mascarpone, chocolate chis, whipped cream, fresh berries, pure maple.  
All the portions were very generous! The plate could be shared if you couldn't decide which one to choose. That way you could share a few different dishes like we had. The prices were very reasonable as well! 
Thank you for a great dining experience and we will definitely come back and try the other items on the menu the next time we are in Philly!Some of the best French toast I've enjoyed in quite some time. Crunchy on the outside and fluffy on the inside. Served with syrup on the side, you hardly need it, as the powdered sugar does enough. Topped with fresh strawberries and blueberries, in the middle of winter (HOW?), this is dessert for breakfast. 
Mimosas are generous and light, large pours and large glasses, keeps the champagne flowing. 
Pork Belly Eggs Benedict is generously sweet, savory, and oh so rich. The portions don't appear at first to be very filling, but a little goes a long way, particularly with those crispy house potatoes.
Recommendation: If you're going for brunch on a Sunday, they take reservations, and it's worth it!One of the best burgers in Philly! Such a cute little place on the corner across from Eastern Penn. The new chef is wonderful. Scallops- mac and cheese were awesome. All 6 people I came here with ordered different entries and drinks so we all tried each others and every dish came out perfectly. The place is a little on the smaller side with the seating indoors but we sat outside and were comfortable. There was a live band playing across the street on the night we went and we were able to enjoy that as well. Will most certainly be back.Stopped by before heading to the airport for some morning brunch & honestly they had Great service & food! Everyone was helpful especially because I had all my luggage with me, they stored them for me while I was eating. It's a gem in the wall! You can't go wrong with this cute little restaurant.3.5/5 Hickory Lane had a beautiful interior color scheme. The fresh flowers on every table was a great summery touch! The staff was exceptionally friendly. We loved the cheese plate. The burger was big and good -- best navigated with a fork and knife. The scallops and pork belly were well-plated and enjoyable. However, my drink experience was poor. I ordered the Veruca Salt lemonade and it didn't taste right. It was extremely bitter, especially for a pink drink. I sent it back. I have never had to send a drink back. I ordered a beer after the bad drink because it felt safer. Towards the end of the meal our server brought a smaller re-mixed version of the original drink. It was a lot better, yes. But the timing of the new drink was awkward because I had 3/4 of a beer left to drink. I ended up leaving half a beer but finishing the new drink. I was charged for the lemonade I sent back and did not ask to be replaced, which surprised me. I would expect a restaurant to comp a poorly mixed drink. Otherwise had a very nice evening at Hickory Lane.Great burger as always!!  My partner had the rigatoni which was well seasoned and perfect for a cold winter night.This place is a nice place to go if you want some great dining and service. It's nothing super special but they definitely know how to cook a good steakThey had me at "Mystery Mimosa"! 
I'm always looking for new brunch places and came here a few weeks ago with a girlfriend. Loved how cute and quaint it was, plus our server was very pleasant. I tried the eggs benedict and a few mimosas, haha. We will definitely be back. 
BONUS: someone on the staff was selling Girl Scout Cookies, so leaving with a few of my favorite boxes just made my whole day!I am not one for burgers, but it's hard for me not to get the burger when I'm here. It's delicious. I don't know if it's because it's grass fed or if its the way its cooked (or both), but it's the only place I'll actually get a burger out. 
The mac and cheese is insanely good as well - my friend and I once split one and then decided we needed another because sharing one just isn't enough. It's SO good. 
They have plenty of outdoor seating in the spring through fall months, which I love because I have a dog, but its also one of the few places I like the atmosphere inside as well. There's an ice cream shop walking distance ( like basically across the street) but Hickory lane also has some good desserts.
i love their wine glasses too !The food was very good. I would recommend the steak frites. They were accommodating because we were running late. However the service was extremely slow, I would not go there if I was on a time limit, luckily we were not.This is a great little place on Fairmount Ave. Seating is very limited, so make a reservation. The food was wonderful - the calamari was tender and lightly breaded but crispy, and the Mac and Cheese is amazing. Our waiter seemed to pretty much hate his life, but the food made up for it. We'll be back.Went for brunch. Unexceptional. Got stuffed French toast, one blueberry one was coffee. More like a cake than breakfast. Potatoes were not crisp. Burger grass fed, small portion. Fries were good.We sat outside on a Sunday morning with our dog.  The table was a tad small, but there was no wait and the service definitely was great.
My boyfriend had their french toast with fresh berries on top and REAL whipped cream.  I don't even like sweets but it was so good. It tasted almost like funnel cake and was a generous serving.
I tried the eggs benedict special they had on for the day.  It was pulled carolina pork over sourdough with poached eggs and hollandaise. I was worried the sourdough would be tough, but the entire dish was so flavorful and loaded with the pork.   It also came with homefries that were seasoned perfectly with a bit of spiciness.
 I would definitely go back there again.Hands down the worst veggie burger I've ever had! I pulled it apart and it had the texture of deep fried playdoe. Took one bite and wanted to spit it out. Butternut squash soup was way too sweet and the fries are definitely nothing special. Will NEVER eat here again.My new favorite spot to brunch. I've been to Hickory Lane 3 times for brunch now and each time it's been great! Food and service are very consistent which can be hard to find at times. They usually offer a few different specials in addition to their main menu. So far I have not tried something I didn't love. 
The atmosphere is really great-I love sitting outside on a nice day. Staff is very friendly and helpful. An all around great brunch spot.Where do I start? Now I realize this was one of the first nice days of the year and everyone is out looking to have brunch. What occurred here was unacceptable. 30 minutes to sit when told 5 minutes. We were told outside seating was an hour wait and there were 6 open tables. Then we wait 20 minutes to order and while we are 15 minutes into that our waitress comes out and tells us that two of the four dishes we ordered were no longer available. They were then baffled by us getting up and leaving. Like we had done something wrong. Awful service all around. Our waitress was apologetic but it was way too late.This is a wonderful neighborhood restaurant.  We are able to walk there.  The service is excellent and the food delicious.  Steak frites were the best.  All three of us devoured the meals.  Drinks are fun and wonderful too!This is one of my favorite restaurants in Philly!  Food is delicious and the drinks are amazing.  If you go here for brunch, order the bloody mary (you won't be sorry!).  Love the big patio area outside.Awesome brunch option in a great neighborhood. The staff was friendly and the food was delish. I had a bagel and lox platter (my go to at any brunch spot) and it was exactly what I was looking for.Quaint place with great cocktails! I've really been loving spicy drinks as of late and they had a fantastic jalapeño margarita.
Walking in I was greeted by the chef in the open kitchen design and the three servers. Friendly, relaxed vibe and with it being a Tuesday and extremely rainy, it wasn't busy at all.
I tried the Mac & Cheese with bbq pulled pork. It had smoked Gouda cheese and a homemade bbq sauce. It was tasty but super rich! I shared a decent size portion with my two cousins and the picture I included is what was left! It will easily feed you 3x.
My cousins loved their rigatoni and burger, too. With it being such a small room, I'd highly recommend reservations on the weekends. I'd definitely come back next time I'm in the city."I wish this burger would last forever" were actual words that came out of my mouth on my most recent visit to Hickory Lane. My husband and I dined with a mission: we were there for the Hickory Burger.
The burger is probably one of the best I've ever had in Philly. It's large, juicy and sits on a challah bread. It comes with cheddar cheese, lettuce, tomato and garlic aioli. It also comes with fries on the side, which are worth the indulge. I think it's supposed to come with a pickle but it was left off of both of our plates. Not a big deal, but it's just a nice side. But in any case, we were in burger heaven and thoroughly enjoyed every last bite. I'm skeptical about ordering medium rare out sometimes, but I had no worries about ordering it there. Made with multiple types of beef, it was flavored really well without relying too heavily on seasoning or other things that can mask a not so great burger.
My husband and I both went with the Lagunitas IPA to accompany our burgers.
I'm so used to draft beers, I was caught a little off guard when a bottle came out but it is what it is. I do miss their BYOB days. I hope someday they add draft beers to their offerings.
In any case, it was a perfect night to dine al fresco so we requested to sit at the outdoor table on the corner of Fairmount and Corinthian. It was the ideal people watching spot. The Eastern State Penn was our dining neighbor and a cool back drop to our meal. 
Our server, Harrison, was pleasant and did a good job. He was attentive but not overly attentive up until the end. He brought us our check then kind of dropped off. 
It has been several years since my last visit but I've followed them regularly on Facebook. They do some fun, creative things with French toast (think Girl Scout cookie themed specials). I need to go back to try their brunch!
I was on the fence between a 4 and 5 rating, however the price of the burger and a few inperfections with my experience would be the only reasoning to keep it at a 4. The burger is just really good and pushes my review up to a 5.
Thank you Hickory Lane for helping with my burger fix.It makes me so happy that Hickory Lane is in my neighborhood. I've been here for dinners, lunches and brunches and have yet to be disappointed by any of their offerings. 
I've also yet to meet an employee who has been anything less than extremely friendly. If they have room, they even let you sit down and wait at your table before the entirety of your party arrives. I think that's great.
Food Highlights:
- Hickory Burger. I haven't actually liked cheeseburgers for long (less than a year!), but in that time period, this one has soared to the top of my burger-list. It is so, so good. Made just right. Huge. Now I want one. Shoot.
- Cookies & Cream French Toast. This was a special during brunch earlier in the summer. Oh man. It was also huge, and creamy, and amazing. This should just stay on their menu always. Who doesn't love cookies & cream stuff?
- Grilled Chicken Sandwich. This has bacon and avocados on it. I realize it's a basic option, but theirs is pretty great. It's also a perfect choice for picky eaters.
- Red Velvet Crespelles. These are red velvet pancakes, rolled up with cream inside of them. They have whipped cream and chocolate chips on top of them. They are delicious and sweet. Also surprisingly filling.
- Tahiti Vanilla Gelato. Another basic offering but fantastic nonetheless!
Hickory Lane is also really welcoming. I've never felt rushed during any of my visits. Plus, they have a perfect location on Fairmount Ave. next to Eastern State!
Needless to say, I'll be back.We visited last night as part of a dinner package for Eastern State Penitentiary's Terror Behind the Walls event. I have to say that I was very pleasantly surprised!  Small, quaint bistro with a very cozy atmosphere. Service was very good as was the food. I didn't expect anything great from a prix fixed meal for this type of event, but it was quite the opposite. My son and husband had the burger and it was great. Cooked perfectly, just the way they ordered it. I had the pesto linguine with chicken and it was delicious. Appetizers and desserts were also very good. My only complaint was due to the bistro being very small the tables were very close together and we were pretty much dining with the people seated next to us. Other than that no complaints at all. When I return to Philly I would definitely come back!We stopped here for brunch and were pleasantly surprised at just how good the food was. Hubby had the burger that he just raved about so much I had to take a bite and it was indeed fantastic! I had the omelet with potatoes. The potatoes were not abundant but very tasty. They were also flexible and gave me a side of smoked salmon as my meat. Overall everything was very well seasoned and we will be back.Mediocre food that may seem for a brief moment better than it actually is--only because it compares favorably in the barren food-wasteland that is the art museum neighborhood.  French onion soup was sickly sweet and bludgeoningly one-note.  Tuna tartar reinvented the wheel for the kajillionth time, and still fell flat.  Braised short ribs were fine enough--if under-seasoned...a recurring issue--but sat atop a goop of ice cold (seriously, ice cold) turnips.  Service was attentive, but cold and aloof.  Way, way, waaay over-priced for what you get.  Sorry Fairmounters, but between this and the similarly lackluster Caca Feliz, we're still a cab ride away from a truly special meal.They wouldn't cut my burger. The chefs, with multiple knifes, refused to cut my burger.Just ok! We walked in about an hour before closing and got some dirty looks for sure. My pork sandwich was super fatty and sweet potato fries were awful. Overall I just wasn't crazy about the place. Our waitress was nice but did not know the menu at all.If you haven't been here for Sunday brunch yet, you are missing out! Their specials are always creative (churro French toast) and delicious.
Be sure to make reservations, as the place is quite small.As a local to the Fairmount neighborhood, I pass by Hickory Lane everyday and it is always packed. Now, after months of being opened, I finally stopped by with a friend for brunch and I see why!
The restaurant is small and charming. We went  early on a Saturday afternoon and were seated immediately. (Apparently the place gets a little more packed in the morning hours.) We began our meal with flavored Mimosa's, I got the mango and he got the peach.  We each ordered two more.
 For meals I decided on the Apple Pie Crumble French Toast (which was/is a seasonal special), and it was amazing. My friend was equally pleased with his dish the Red Velvet Crepes. The portion sizes were large and we definitely felt we were getting a bang for our buck.
I will be going back very soon and would recommend the place to anyone!This review is for their burger. It is the best burger I have ever had and is definitely worth the price for it. It is several different cuts of meat ground up that add to a moist and deliciously flavored burger.A good place for brunch drink connoisseurs. The mimosa list has probably 10 different options and they have pages of other drinks, if mimosas aren't your thing. Tight quarters, but a lot of outdoor space. Staff was friendly and down to earth. The food was okay too!Wow. We were very skeptical because the menu looks kind of mainstream and ordinary. But wow -- had some of the best food we've had in Philly all year. French cooking but I guess they can't put French words on the menu or the tourists get scared off. They build a new menu every day based on what fresh ingredients are available. Everything we ordered was really, really good. Like so good you use the bread or your fingers to get the last bit of sauce from your plate. There are a lot of hot kitchens in Fairmount right now but this place is among the best of them.I could have done without this experience all together. Heads up it's a date place, if, like me you're just going out for dinner and not making sexy time, don't go here. 
The food experience on a whole was one big disappointment. The local wild mushrooms were bland and didn't seem to be cooked enough for a textural contrast to the fried egg. Califlower gratin broke midway through eating it, but was the tastiest thing we ate. For being a bistro I anticipated the french onion soup to have a little more pizzaz, but it was pretty standard, nothing to write home about, unless you wanted to have your mom schedule a doctors appointment for a damaged tongue. :) HOT! For spending over twenty dollars on a pork belly dish, a little more pork would of been nice. As for the roasted pork medallions, over cooked to the point of a desert dry and not enough jus to moisten the piggy, side note the sweet potatoes were pretty tasty. The brussels sprouts, really? The lack of carmelization hurt my feelings.  
I thought dessert would compensate for this hot expensive mess, but sadly the smoked ice cream was so smokey it made my mouth dry. 
I certainly hope they were just on a really bad night, and that this is not the normal for this spot, but after all that I don't plan on heading back to check anytime soon.CHEESEGATE:  After trying this restaurant one more time after a disappointing experience (with service) we decided to try again.  Unfortunately, this time we didn't even make it past our drinks. 
Simply, The special salad which we both wanted included Mexican cheese.  On a simple request to just remove the cheese from the salad, the response was, "the Chef does not modify his dishes".  No, the salad was not pre made.  Really? Can't remove the cheese?!Went back after really enjoying my first visit there.  Well...  Sometimes first impressions are the best.  The place was over booked, literally the tables were on top of each other.  The couple next to my date and I started conversations with us because it was basically a table of four.  The people were nice but honestly I wasn't  trying to learn about them at the resturant.  The food was good but not as good as the first time I was there.  The service was good but the woman was way over worked and honestly had to pass our food over my new friends sitting next too me. 
I can't tell you how disappointed I was especially since I really liked the resturant the first time I was there.We live in Fairmount and had not been to Hickory Lane in a while. Last night, we were in the mood for a burger and fries and decided to walk over to Hickory Lane. The chef and staff earned this five star rating! In our estimation this is one of the best burgers in the city. The beet salad was fresh and fabulous. The wait staff was friendly engaging and efficient . Highly recommended!We stumbled upon this while visiting the Eastern State Pen. and I'm happy we did! We sat at the bar. The service was quick and the bartender was pleasant. We both had the pulled pork sandwich, which was so delicious. It's a really nice and relaxed atmosphere too. I wish we had more time to sit round and talk. I'll be visiting again.Our neighborhood favorite. It's cute, the location is awesome, and they've got great food. I'm tempted to get the Bacon Rachel every time we go, and the aioli that comes with the fries is awesome. They have fun cocktails, and a reasonable happy hour. Staff have been friendly and attentive every time we've gone. Love it!Been back 3 times for their burger, one of the best I've had!! Also like the BYOB factor, but I think they may have changed that by now.Ate here a few Saturday nights ago with 6 other members of my family and had an excellent time start to finish. They had a Cinco de mayo special soup that was some sort of chilli soup? Can't quite remember but it was full of beans and flavor and it was phenomenal. For entrees we all ordered completely different things, I had their grass-fed burger which was juicy and delicious the rest of my family did seafood related dishes that they all raved about. Our server was a young kid maybe in his early 20's with blondish  hair and was great all night. Informative, smile on his face, and not overbearing. If I remembered his name I'd give him a shout out unfortunately I do not. Anyways....great food, great service. If you're in the Fairmount area looking for dinner, try here first!That saying when one door closes another opens is true when it comes to Hickory Lane American Bistro! I am so glad that the establishment across the street was so rude that we left and found this gem!
Our waiter Sean was extremely welcoming, personable and knowledgeable about the menu. Along with other staff members being super cool. I had the beet burger which was amazeballs. I will definitely patronize this establishment on my next visit to PhiladelphiaAdmittedly, went to this restaurant because Zorba's (fantastic greek food two blocks away) was closed for renovations until September 10th, yea I was crushed when I saw that sign on their door.  
There are a number of restaurants  in the two or three blocks near the Eastern State Penitentiary.  In the summer/fall time like now, they have al fresco dining with a good ambience.  
We went around early dinner time on a weekend, and the place was busy.  However, there were a few seats outside that were empty, so we were seated promptly and served.  They had daily happy hour with 4 dollar drinks, which I took advantage of by ordering a raspberry cocktail, which was good if a tad too much vodka.  My pulled pork sandwich was delish.  The fried oyster BLT was ok (came with fries...yum...I don't get to eat much fries nowadays) but didn't taste the oyster as much as the bacon.  Overall, I quite enjoyed sitting outside in early autumn in the sunset having a minor European moment.A pretty good place in Fairmount for brunch. I've been here a few times and it's always delicious. It does get pretty packed for Sat/Sun mornings, but you can make a ressy on their yelp page. 
I usually get the eggs Benny, but I do need to try something else on the menu because everything looks dope. This morning my friends got the red velvet pancakes and those were to die for. I doubt I would be able to eat the whole plate of that because it is so sweet, but they are a good thing to split for the table. 
Service is attentive and quick. And the aesthetic is quaint and chic. In the spring/summer they even have outdoor seating right on Fairmount Ave. 
I love this neighborhood staple and will continue to frequent it.Came here for Brunch on Sunday... Based on the reviews from Yelp!
First... We made reservations for 3 at 12:30... Arrived at 12:20 and told we would be seated shortly and to have a seat on the window cushions. 
At 12:40. Hostess approached  us and said " we have talkers at your table". We will seat you as soon as possible.
At 12:50... I went up to Hostess and told her to inform the " talkers" ...people waiting to be seated.
1:00... The 3 of us get seated....but NOT before we realized the cushions on Windows seats were wet,,, so now we all have damp, stick to your skin asses!
After sitting at table for 10 minutes, I flagged down the Waitress and asked if we could order and she said " sorry, I thought you were waiting for another guest...( though the Hostess removed the place seating)... Ok.. It was crazy busy, so I got over the 40 minute wait BEFORE being offered water.  
Hubby... Returned 2 cups of coffee since they were both burnt.  Waitress not happy about that.  He ordered pork belly Benedict.  He wasn't crazy about the belly...but now he knows.  They forgot the sauce, so waited couple minutes and then I had to ask for it.  Potatoes were lukewarm at best.  Also has a beer. 
Daughter.... Regular Benedict with cool potatoes . She enjoyed it along with 2 flavors of Mimosa.  With a buzz... Everything is good!
Me... Red velvet pancakes... Flavor was out of this world, but they were COLD...though and though.  When I asked the Waitress if they were meant to be served this way... She replied, they were hot from they came off the grille and did I want them" warmed up"?   Again... Seemed quite annoyed.  If I wasn't so starving, I should have said I want a new batch prepared for me. 
But the kicker was went I received the bill and there was a misc charge for a dollar... I was puzzled by that, so I asked.  Are you really???
It was for the LEMONS I asked for with my water!   Are you kidding me???  The waitress said the cook had to cut a new lemon for me... There were 3 slices left,,,so I took them with me.  Haha. Unbelievable!   
Bottom line: go somewhere with less wait, less attitude, food served hot and doesn't charge for frigging lemons.  
Thank you.Adjacent to the Penitentiary you will find a lil gem of a space that bustles with the sound of chatter and the clinking of coffee mugs. Sunday brunch on an abysmally gray and dank winter afternoon made bright by the consumption of pork belly Benedict , onion soup and house burger eaten on natural edge exposed wood tables... yum. 
Sitting in expectation will be the worst part of your dining experience as you are forced to endure the parade of beautifully plated and food porny goodness.  The space is charming but small. The food and service is on point!I've been here a few times for dinner. The first two times I ordered the salmon because it was just that good! I branched out at my last visit and ordered the pesto pasta which was also awesome. Overall, I think it is pricey, but the food is fantastic the service has been great.two words...Duck Rachel....fresh crisp slaw with just enough juice from the pastrami, all made better by guyere and 1000 island....my  mouth is watering just writing this review hahaFood and service was excellent but the place was sweltering. If we were to go back it would be in the fall or winter.Hickory Lane is a fantastic little spot.  They hit all of the main points, and do so well.
Despite the small space, the servers move around quickly and are attentive.  The menu is really well crafted, and the food is simple but excellent.  Hickory Lane does "new American" without seeming tired.  
As for food, I had the burger, and it's excellent. I don't generally go for a burger at a place this nice, but it used a custom curated ground beef, and  was near perfect.  Just thinking about it reminds me I need to visit again.
It's a BYO to boot, and the prices are very reasonable for the quality of food and service.Really tasty spot for brunch. I had the eggs benedict and the bf had the pork belly benedict (maple pork belly with herbs on brioche... uhh what.). I had a bite of his and wished I had ordered the same thing - don't get me wrong, mine was good, but his was better. I wish it was less windy so we could have enjoyed a crisp autumn brunch outside, but I think my table would have blown away. Next time!Super cute restaurant! We came here for dinner and really enjoyed ourselves. The cheese plate was awesome and the waiter recommended a perfect red wine to go with our meals. We had a bunch of things for our meal most of them were specials like the salad and the crab meat appetizer. The service was great and we cannot wait to try it for brunch since the menu looks amazing!Excellent decor/space and outdoor seating. Good drinks and food is decent. A bit overpriced, but they can get away with it purely based on the location (that's what you're paying for here, not for exceptional cuisine...it's good, but not amazing).
My main complaint is that the music selection is pretty terrible. I've heard everything from rap (with the words b*tches/p*ssy, n***er, etc. being played out to the sidewalk as they were closing), "bad" top 40 (old and new...like Backstreet Boys, Britney Spears, and the newer versions of manufactured music), and other terrible, terrible music. I think they need to cater to their clients' musical tastes a little bit better. See who lives in this neighborhood. Note to owner/manager: if you need help with your musical selection, let me know.Amazing food, service is average. Recommend getting reservations especially for brunch.Holy wow, best buyers I've ever had. I live 1.5 blocks away and go every so often, never had a bad meal here. One little annoying thing, they don't serve their water with ice. But overall really really good food.Mediocre food and poor management. I am giving two stars because the bathroom was clean. I arrive with my entire party 5 minutes early for our reservation. We are told we will be seated "closer to our reservation time."  What?!  We then have to stand outside until 15 minutes past our reservation and nobody has left the restaurant...they simply decided they were finally ready to seat us. The biggest disappointment was a very limited menu of bland food. Too many good spots in the city for this place to last. Bye.Our experience at Hickory Lane started out with a hiccup.  Even though the restaurant is listed on Yelp, and even the Philadelphia Tourism Board's website as BYOB, it is, in fact, not.  Our hostess was a little bit thrown off when we pulled out some bottles of wine, which was awkward, but we decided to continue with the meal.  The atmosphere and the decor are nice enough, and the service was great.  Our waitress was attentive without being overbearing, and she's the reason I'm giving the place three stars in spite of the sub par food.  This is not a cheap place by any means, so I hoped that our meals would make up for the rocky start of our experience.  That said, my handcrafted farfalle pasta was way too spicy, which seemed to be in line with the rest of the food, which my friends reported was overseasoned and too salty.  Not the worst restaurant we went to during our weekend in Philly, but definitely not a must.Perfect brunch spot.  We reserved a table on Open Table, which I would recommend since it's small inside (went when it was too cold to sit outside but that would have been great, I'm sure!).  My friend and I ordered the pork belly eggs benedict, and it was outrageous.  The pork belly was cooked with a delicious maple glaze, and everything about the eggs benny and the home fries that came with was wonderful.  They have flavored mimosas (blood orange and mango were particularly great).  Cute atmosphere and friendly, fast service!Really disappointed (as were our guests) Food just ok- Drinks just ok. This is not an inexpensive restaurant so one would think the prep would be a bit better.
Staffers were courteous and attentive,
Little things like terrible water (change the filter!) or watery sub par after dinner decaf really disappointed.
We'd made a production of how pretty/tony both the area (and restaurant) were and had talked it (Hickory Lane) up to our out of town guests.
You know that meh/disappointed face that guests get when they know they could have picked some place better for a couple hundred dollar meal? 
Those were the faces at dessert looking at us across our table- Too late for the tasty profiteroles to save the day.
Bummer.After 3 visits, I was still unimpressed and will not give another try. The last visit was on a Sunday morning for brunch (popeweek). We were seated right away and drinks were served right away. When we ordered our breakfast, I asked for more coffee - I didn't receive a refill until after our food was brought out (and I told the foodrunner), there was still plenty of seating outside so being busy wasn't an excuse. My breakfast potatoes were cold (over seasoned I thought,  too, more like potatoes you would have with dinner), so were my eggs (and a little rubbery), but the bacon was crispy (if you don't like crispy bacon, definitely ask for less cooked). Their egg and potatoes special is a bit overpriced (under $10 most places in the city). So so food combined with so so service.Umm, came here on a Sunday before labor day. I expected it to be crowded so planned to order food to go but when we got there the restaurant was actually half empty with no one waiting. So we decided to stay to eat. Went to the host and asked for a table for two. The host responds by saying that it would be a 30 minute wait. I looked around the restaurant again at all the empty set tables and look at the host confused. I'm immediately annoyed. Why do I need to wait when there are several empty tables. I decided to go with my original plan to get the food to go. We were told that we need ed to order the food at the bar. So we did. The bartender told us it would be a while so we took a walk around and came back and the food was ready. Before we left we checked the food to make sure we had everything we ordered. Of course forks were missing had to ask for those. Then realized syrup were missing had to ask for that to even though we both ordered French toast. The food was good, very filling. I got the red velvet pancakes which weren't  really pancakes, they were more like 3 thick rolled up crepes. My bf got coconut stuffed French toast. He seemed to have enjoyed it. I didn't care for the service at all but the food was unique with good flavor.I can't get enough of Hickory Lane.  I've been dining here for almost two years and the service and food has continuously exceeding my expectations.  The last time I was in -- about two weeks ago -- my boyfriend and I opted for the bar to switch it up a bit.  The bartender, Henninge, was fantastic.  We were interested in trying some fun cocktails which she was very knowledgable about; she informed us that she "invented" most of them.  Even though the bar is very small, and we dined at a later hour, she didn't hover over us at all.  Toward the end of our night, she ended up chatting with us and was a pleasure!
We started off with an appetizer, the Smokey Mac & Cheese.  We had to make an effort to eat it slowly -- it was delicious!  The BBQ pulled pork was perfectly tender, the jalapeno gave just the right amount of kick in each bite, and the brown butter breadcrumbs on top added a little bit of crunch.    
While I usually order the Hickory Burger (I'd give the burger 5 stars if I could), I tried something new this time: Rigatoni Pasta.  It was a great choice in theory, not too heavy, a wide variety of vegetables, plus my added shrimp.  It was tasty but maybe just a little bit too spicy for my liking -- personal preference!
We passed on dessert and just ordered another cocktail though we've had dessert here before and weren't disappointed.  
Looking forward to our next visit!We drove for 45 min, ended up being 8 minutes late for our reservation. Our seats were given away we were told to wait in line.Wanted to try a new brunch spot and so happy I did!! We sat outside and had plenty of space even though it was busy. Both specials (sun dried tomato frittata and creme brûlée French toast) were delicious and cocktail menu had a good variety. I'd definitely go back! The service was pretty good as well!Went there for brunch and were  seated within a few minutes then sat waiting for someone to acknowledge us.  We waiting for close to 15 minutes and nobody came over to us let alone just let us know they'd be with us... even after 2 waitresses checked in at the tables around us.  
Never experienced this in our neighborhood and definitely will never return.Tex mex- great taste but gets a little overwhelming eating the chips. 
Tofu scramble - very well made and perfect spice level.
We reached just when it opened so had no waiting, good staff and reasonably priced.I have to say I never leave reviews but I have never had a worse experience in my entire life in a restaurant than I did at Hickory Lane this morning .  6 of us decided to grab brunch here and two people in our party were going to bring their babies.  Knowing how brunch can go in the city and that this place is small and probably not great for kids and we would need high chairs and room for the babies we decided to make a reservation noting that we had babies joining us.   WE DID THIS MORE THAN A WEEK IN ADVANCE. 
We arrived this morning ON TIME for our res and the hostess seated us with one problem. There was no room to accommodate the children and mothers in our party.  The high chairs would have to take the actual seats.  Which obviously didn't work.  The worse part is that we made this reservation noting how many adults and children would be with us and they didn't even set up a table that could accommodate and then acted as if we just sprung this news upon them and it would be a MAJOR inconvenience to do so.  I get it this restaurant is small but you had ADVANCE NOTICE and then the hostess wouldn't even accommodate us at all and actually said we had to leave.  I get it brunch in the city is hectic. But the way we were treated was appalling.  Luckily we found Fare across the street which took us last minute and accommodated our large party without even bating an eye.. 
I don't appreciate being kicked out of somewhere and treated like garbage on the way out.  The hostess actually said "it's like so sad we can't do anything for you".  
I will never come back here, your hostess was rude, your waitress was rude and I can only assume the owners are the same way if they allow their establishment to be run this way. 
End of the day there are plenty of other brunch places in the city probably more willing to accommodate you. Choose them over hickory lane.My wife and I went here this past weekend and absolutely loved it.  We're always so happy to get new restaurants in the neighborhood and decided to give Hickory Lane a try.  We're thrilled we did.  The decor was great and it created an elegant, but cozy and down to earth feel.  I don't know exactly what an American Bistro's decor should look like, but this seems to fit the bill well.  The menu had a number of well thought out items on it and we found it difficult to pick the few that we were going to try.
I had the squash soup and pork belly--both of which were amazing and just the right size (had room for dessert).  My wife had the califlower gratin and the butternut rosotto and enjoyed them just as much as I did mine.  If you're looking for a great BYOB (we hear that they are getting their liquor license in the spring when they put their tables on the patio for outdoor dining overlooking The Penitentiary) definitely check this new Fairmount restaurant out.They do not allow you to get a veggie egg scramble, or scramble of any kind. THEY DO HAVE an omlet and tofu scramble, yet you aren't allowed to have a regular egg scramble. Seems a bit ridiculous to me.During a recent visit to Philadelphia, my friend suggested we go to Hickory Lane, and I'm so glad we did.  I'm told that they've been rated the "best burger in Philadelphia", but if that's all you're going for, you could be doing yourself a disservice.  The rest of their menu is quite good.  
My friend, her fiance and I started with several shared appetizers, including the cheese plate, the wild mushroom bruschetta, and the watermelon panzanella salad.  The cheese plate was very nice - relatively well-curated with all of the delicious accompaniments you'd want, including fig spread, etc.  The watermelon panzanella salad was very good, although the watermelon wasn't quite sweet enough to balance the acid in the dish.  The real star was the bruschetta.  Delicious, sauteed mushrooms along with creamy chevre on crusty bread.  It was our favorite of the three.  
My friend's fiance had the burger, which he really enjoyed.  My friend had the boulliabaise, which she did not finish.  The mussels overpowered the dish, though she did enjoy the striped bass it contained.  I had the sea scallops with pork belly and charred corn snow pea succotash.  It was an exceptional dish.  Each element complemented the other, the flavors melded perfectly.   The fatty, salty crisped pork belly paired with the sweet, tender scallops was delicious.  
For dessert we split the s'mores lava cake.  The flavor was good, but the cake was a bit overdone.  Nothing lava-y about it.  
I have to comment that I'm a bit amused about the complaints of stingy bread.  I don't see any problem with being served a single piece of bread;  that's not what I'm there for, really.  If you want all you can eat bread, go to Olive Garden.I'm a recent Philadelphia transplant and have been searching for the foodie-mecca I was promised. It took me a while- but I finally found a restaurant with heart, interesting ingredients, and just enough personality to set it apart. My boyfriend and I visited TWICE in one day because we were so impressed (this is a first)- it helped that we were moving and had no food at home but still there are a plethora of places on Fairmont to visit and we chose Hickory Lane and here's why. 
The food was skillfully prepared and flavorful. Our first visit was for brunch and we split the pork belly benedict with a side of wheat toast. The pork belly was crisped with  that unique combination of unctuous and savory with a rosemary hollandaise and grilled brioche. Just the choice of brioche over an english muffin set it apart- but everything worked beautifully. Even the bread was hearty, large sized slices with real butter. It sounds silly but when a restaurant can serve up toast and have it actually pull it's own weight... I was sold. Also surprisingly affordable (granted we split the dish).
Drinks were delicious as well. The happy hour is very affordable ($3 beer, $4 wine and cocktails) and they boast several of the bartender/manager's own inventions. The Watchdog was made of a house-infused pepper vodka shaken with celery bitters, sage vodka and grapefruit juice.  Did not taste the grapefruit juice well next to the powerful pepper vodka but on the whole an inventive drink I would have again.  Douglas (bartender/manager) clearly puts work into his refreshments and the menu changes regularly.  His reboot of the classic Manhattan (the Cardigan) was also a stand-out. He was also a pleasure. Lots of energy and obviously passionate about bartending. Great respect for the staff and food of this restaurant and one of the few places I would go out of my way to try again.Lovely outdoor seating. 
Waitstaff was a little flustered. I don't think they were used to handling the volume that they were experiencing on Memorial Day with everyone wanting to dine outside.
The french onion soup was good, the fries were good and the chicken sandwich was nice. 
Totally adequate restaurant.This place is amazing! So accommodating and friendly. My fiancé and I moved to Fairmount this past June and ventured out to find our staple place to get a drink or grab an appetizer. We stumbled upon Hickory Lane and met the one bartender (Matt, I think). He made us the best drinks, we felt like regulars. We loved this place so much, that the night of our engagement in September, we had our friends and family there to celebrate. The GM set up two great tables outside on a Friday night and was so accommodating throughout the entire dinner. She made the night so special with her welcoming attitude and overall great customer service. Our family and friends are still raving about their DELICIOUS food and drinks. As if the night wasn't special enough, they really kept the great vibes going!Horrible, slow service. Waiter forgot our appetizer. Then only brought three of four entrees and two were cold. When the fourth entree arrived, a burger, the others in the party were done with their meals.We ate here one night before doing Terror Behind the Walls at Eastern State.  The place was really nice inside.  Cool wood tables, plenty of windows to let light in, and lights hanging from the ceiling.  Plenty of outdoor seating too if it were warmer.  Had the soup du jour which was a spicy butternut squash soup and loved it. For my entree I had the pork tenderloin with mashed potatoes and brussel sprouts with bacon.  My husband got the steak and fries.  Everything was very good.I went for a birthday dinner with my mom.  I have to say, it was a pretty pedestrian dinner, most dishes lacking flavor.  First, I hate it when they serve you one slice of bread at a time.  Like they can't afford to give you a basket of bread to start.  Cobb salad appetizer at $10 was tasteless. Couldn't taste the dressing. Bruschetta at $10 was three slices of French bread topped with mushrooms.  Not bad.   I got bouillabaisse for my entree. Expecting a wonderful flavorful French fish stew, it was bland.   Couldn't taste any saffron, garlic or fennel and mussels were not even fully cooked.  My moms scallops were better. 
Glasses of wine were stingy in quantity.  
At $50/person plus tip, I don't think I'll go back.Stinks.  Warm beer, crappy service.  Burger was good but not good enough.  Not returning.