This place really is a hidden gem!!! Their food comes out quick and the prices are reasonable! I especially love their chili oil(?). The owner lady said she made it! Well shes awesome!Enjoyed the milk tea a lot. I tried fresh duck noodle soup, instant noodle with spam and egg soup, Leek dumplings and ordered a couple items to go. This place close to my office, I would consider myself getting HK style milk tea every morning. This is a typical HK style comfort food that I have seen a lot in NYC Chinatown but not in philly yet . Can't wait for expanded menu, I really like to see baked spaghetti w/ cheese, stir fry instant noodle .Deserves no star. Didn't give me noodle broth when I ordered noodle soup to go. I can't even eat the noodles now. Attitude was horrible. Not sure how this place is still running. French toast is so dry. The milk tea tasted like water down Lipton tea. So disappointed!I was looking for something different to eat this afternoon and found this "hidden gem". I ordered Pork belly with hot peppers and boy is it fantastic! Great flavor, right amount of spice and quantity good enough for two people. Love that the food here is so great and inexpensive - do try it!Let me just say food is amazing, service not so great. I know when I went to Hidden Gem cafe I was one of the annoying customers that came fifteen min before the restaurant closed. However, a good customer service would've still give you the same service as customers that came an hour before me. I came in and got greeted with annoyed face, and asked if I'm just ordering to go. I felt bad so I decided to say yes I'm taking a to go order. Also, when I was deciding what to order, I felt pressured because the person that was taking my order was tapping her pen on the counter as if I was too slow. Anyway, after I got my food, I ate it right away and I understand why they don't have to take the customers that come in after me. The food was GOOD. I ordered the chicken stir fried Raman noodles. It was delicious man! Despite the customer service I experienced it last time, I will still come back lolSmall, quaint, nice simple decor with picnic tables sitting. Short menu but covers breakfast and lunch. We had the congee with chicken (only way it comes)  and seafood noodle soup.  Congee loaded with green onions and very flavorful.  Also lots of cut up chicken.  The soup had a very flavorful broth, perhaps a mix of broths since it was too heavy to be chicken or fish and too light to be beef or veal. Fish balls, two mussels in shell and some without,  three shrimp in shell, cuttlefish etcplus fried tofu.  Delicious and filling.  GF was at first apprehensive (down block from our regular place), but she really enjoyed the congee. Soup was light and filling in a scorching hot day. Very reasonably price.Hidden Gem replaced a fried-food place.  It's rather spartan on the inside (think plastic cutlery), cheap, and quick.  Sound appealing?  Then read on.  It's Hong Kong style food, so before you order "French toast", be sure to look at the pictures on Yelp or simply Google "Hong Kong French toast".  Here, you can order yours with peanut butter or Nutella (each option will be spread inside the French toast, not on top).  The Yelp pictures of the Taiwanese egg pancake looked appealing, so I tried that.  It's made to order so it's nice and hot and reminds me a little bit of Taiwanese scallion pancakes.  We also tried Set C (choice of meat [ham, sausage, or spam - yes, Chinese people do eat spam]), eggs, and Hong Kong style toast), which also comes with a drink (we chose the milk tea), for less than 7 bucks.  The food's served on an interesting dish that looks like it is made of woven reeds.  Much to my surprise, not a drop of food leaked through it and it's definitely a creative way to serve food (though I don't remember this sort of thing being used in Hong Kong).  If you want fancy dining, this is not for you by any means but if you want quick eats for cheap, check this place out.  They accept credit card so don't worry about having to scour for an ATM.A nice little hidden gem haha. Hong Kong style food. Taste amazing. Price is reasonable. It's a little small inside. Overall really good. Will definitely go backWould have given them a 5 star for their food - haven't had rice noodle for a long time and the soup and duck were tasty. Not salty, just really savory with the cilantro and lettuce. However the service was slightly disappointing. I sat there for a while without a menu or water, which was fine as there were only two staff outside during lunch time. It became a little ridiculous when one just asked if I'm really to order, and then upon realizing, gave me a menu(to be fair I think menus are usually on the table, but there was none on mine - should have taken one from the next table). Shortly after, the other one just patted my shoulder from behind and asked me to move to a smaller table that just opened up (I went alone, and there was only a big table left the time I went there). Only then did she give me some water. Service quality really affects the mood.Perfect place to grab a quick home cooked style meal for a very cheap price. The dishes are as authentic as the ones that you would get back from mainland or your grandparents cooking, definitely brings back the taste from early childhood memories.This place opened about 3 weeks ago and it is quite a gem! They serve Hong Kong style breakfast and other entrees mostly $7.00!The interior is clean, open, and pretty contemporary. The service is quick and owners very friendly. Their milk tea reminds me of what I had in Hong Kong; the aroma of tea is wonderful because they steep good quality loose tea leaves and sweeten just enough. My daughter ordered their HK toast with peanut butter, eggs, and spams (ultimate comfort food), and I got pork belly over rice. First of all pork belly was tender and and the sauce soaking into the rice was really nice. I put the shop's homemade chili paste (really good). HK toast (almost like French toast) was moist. Try the shop's homemade lemon syrup over the toast (love the lemony flavour!). Their bread are fresh daily and they do not use even a day old bread. I genuinely enjoyed the food and will surely be back again. We also ordered some food to go - pork chop over rice, and satay flavor beef over rice. Flavour bomb I tell you! I want to try all their other entrees! I heard weekends tend to be busy, so if all possible try going there during weekdays (I think you'll enjoy it more).Definitely a hidden gem. We ordered the thousand year old egg over tofu and the chicken corn rice dish. Thousand year old egg and tofu dish had this amazing sauce on it. The chicken corn rice dish was creamy and the flavors were all there. Can't wait to go back and try the other dishes.Waited for 20 minutes for my takeout food to come out. The noodles were cold and they gave me peanut butter instead of Nutella. Overpriced for little and low quality food, so I would not recommend.Great HK food and friendly service. HK style milk tea is a must, tell them sugar level if you don't want the standard amount. I enjoyed the baked salt chicken and Taiwanese egg pancake.Omggggg cheap and so good!!!! My favorite is the scallion pancakes and the rice noodles. Medium portions so I dont over eat yet it keeps me full and super super cheap. Will definitely be backThis place truly lives up to its name as a hidden gem in the city. Each time I am here, it really takes me back to Hong Kong. There's nothing fancy but this place, however the quality of the food and service is excellent. If you are looking for the traditional Hong Kong style macaroni soup, look no further. The macaroni soup is awesome for any time of the day or even when you're sick. It comes with a fried egg and spam too. The Taiwanese egg pancake and pork belly hot pepper over rice are amongst my favorite here. Don't forget to add the sesame peanut oil over it too! I will be coming back more often.Finally! A Hong Kong style Cafe in Philly. The food was great and authentic. The staff was friendly and attentive. The only suggestion I have is a bigger menu to include some more of the staples.This cafe is indeed a hidden gem nestled near the Chinatown gate. This place is reminiscent of Hong Kong 茶餐廳 which means tea cafe. The cafe is quaint, bright, and clean. For any Hong Kongers, you'll be thrilled to know that C-pop is playing in the cafe as well.
For a gauge of the authentic ness of its food, I ordered the milktea and set C which comes with spam 午餐肉 (HKer's favorite breakfast meat), two eggs over easy, and HK style French toast 西多士. My friend ordered the egg pancake and HK style chicken over rice 鹽焗雞, which is essentially spiced salt marinated chicken over a bed of rice with a spoonful of ground ginger sauce。
The egg pancake is a Taiwanese appetizer and it certainly didn't disappoint. The pancake has a wonderful scallion fragrance and comes topped with a generous drizzle of Hoisin sauce. It's crispy, eggy, sweet, and salty. Although the pancake is fried, it never felt overwhelming oily.
The French toast was crispy on the outside with a soft custardy inside. The sweet and nuttiness of the peanut butter (can be substituted with Nutella) perfectly compliments this sticky staple breakfast. Although I can't really tell if it's deep fried like the ones I've seen in Hong Kong due to the lack of yellow crust formed on the surface, it is nonetheless as authentic as one can get in Chinatown Philly.
Next comes the HK style chicken over a bed of rice. The chicken is perfectly marinated with spiced salt and gives the tender juicy meat a bit of a savory kick. The ground ginger mixes excellently with the bed of white rice. The meat is firm due to the salt marinates, but was not overly dried.
Lastly comes two eggs over easy and four small slabs of spam. The spam is pan fried and has a nice layer of caramelized crust. Pair this cheap lunch meat with eggs to give this simple dish a crispy and savory twist.
Finally comes the review on the milk tea. The jasmine flavor is strong with a nice milky kick at the back end. A bit more milkiness and sweetness would have made this better, but as evident from previous Yelpers, some complained about it being too sweet so perhaps the owner had altered the recipes when this review was made.
As an important note, the owner's parents are from Hong Kong and she's extremely friendly (unlike most restaurants in Chinatown). Be sure to check this place out!Hidden Gem serves Hong Kong style breakfast and cafe food in a modern and comfortable setting. So far, I have tried the Home Fresh Chicken Noodle Soup, Taiwanese Egg Pancake, Whole Fresh Chicken, Set A - Macaroni, Spam and Egg Soup, and Set C - Spam, Eggs and Hong Kong Toast. All were tasty, especially considering the price. I did find the noodle soup broth to be too salty and personally would have preferred a different noodle option; however, I must give them credit for making a true bone broth as my leftovers turned into pure gelatin in the fridge. The Whole Fresh Chicken was also too salty for me. While the employees are a bit frazzled right now, I imagine service and taste will improve over time. I am happy that this not-so-hidden cafe has opened on one of Chinatown's major thoroughfares, just steps from my home.This newly added restaurant is right next to the Hello Kitty store in China town. The space itself is very quaint, making the atmosphere very cozy and homey. The owner and the server were very friendly and accomodating. They always greeted with a smile on their faces. 
The menu is very simple and easy to choose from. The price is very reasonable as majority of the items is under $10, plus you get a decent portion that will make your belly happy! 
We ordered the Hong Kong style egg pancake for starter. The pancake was so crispy and flavorful. Then I got the ramen with ham and egg soup which also known as set A I believe. I was a bit disappointed that it was ramen noodle but egg noodle instead. The broth was chicken based broth. It was well seasoning cause I didn't need to add anything to the broth. The dish was simple yet flavorful. My boyfriend ordered the Beef Satay over rice. The beef seasoned to perfection and in combination with white rice. We both enjoyed what we got very much. In addition, if you order a set, you get a drink include. I got hot milk tea :) 
I would definitely come back to try the other breakfast items and entrees next time. I would recommend anyone to check out this hidden gem cafe ;)a small lil cafe hidden in the corner of the street!! truly a hidden gem, as the food is so authentic, cheap, and delicious! something similar to what you would ACTUALLY get in hong kong! also, love the sets as well, very moderately priced!Food was pretty tasty! We got the congee, pork belly hot pepper, Taiwanese egg pancake, and the HK chicken over rice. 
The congee was a sizeable portion! I just love warm congee done well. The flavor was rich throughout the whole bowl. 
The HK chicken was ok. It didn't have much flavor and there were a lot of small bones throughout. The sauce was heavy on the ginger, but with rice, it was much tastier. Some people love it- I think I might pass on this next time.
The pork belly over rice was SO GOOD. It reminded me of good home cooked pork belly over rice. We demolished this very quickly- portion size was a little on the small size in terms of number of meat chunks. 
The Taiwanese egg pancake was good as well, but nothing too special about it. Tasted delicious and would get again as an appetizer. 
Good tasty place we would probably go back again. We saw people bring out HK toast as we were leaving, and it looked so good! Would definitely want to that the next time back!Food selection is limited; and the quantity is small for the price compare to others near by. Quality is average.Just checked in today. Loved the amicable owners (I believe). I ordered the spam w. tomato over rice. Classic spam flavor and the tomato sauce was just a little bit sweet, and I thought it went well together. Reminded me of home-cooking a little bit :). The prices are pretty cheap, but the portion was not big enough for me as I usually eat out when I have a big appetite. That could easily be fixed with some side orders the next time I come back though!Went with a group of 4 - got the pork belly w/ rice, satay sauce beef w/ rice, Set B (toast + stir fried mi fen) and the chicken w/ rice. Plus the egg pancake to share for the table. Pretty standard Hong Kong/Taiwanese meals. Everything is super cheap and standard for the price it's set at. Pros of my meal, the chili oil at the table was deeelicious, too!! YUUM I'd buy a whole tub of that. There was also honey lemon syrup for the tea? or toast? It was pretty good too. Tasted like lemon curd/jam. 
The toast was also surprisingly good - you could choose to put a filling inside and it tasted more like french toast than regular toast. It also came with a hot drink. 
Very casual seating, clean environment, and knows-what-she's-doing waitress.Food was so good! Great service and affordable prices. It really is a hidden gem. Highly recommended. Also, the girl behind the counter is pretty hotFood is great. The host is hot. And very nice great customer service. Ambiance is a nice sweet spot in the heart of chinatown for a quick home cooked meal.Very authentic Hong Kong style  cafe food. They use pretty high quality ingredients and the price is very affordable. My favorite is their chicken rice.T wants Hong Kong style  breakfast set.  Yelp got us here.  
Good
They offers a few sets of HK style breakfast 
Beef with tomato over rice
HK style French toast with peanut filling (however they did not provide syrup)
One clean spacious bathroom 
Need to improve
Seating - this is a small place.  When we arrived, there were 2 sets of 4-person table occupied by one person each.  Even there were many people waiting,  the staff did not help to change the situation. 
Slow - I guess this is a mom and pop shop.  Pop was in the kitchen and the food came out one dish at a time.  Also they provided only plastic forks and spoons. I guess no one willing to wash dishes. 
Milk tea -  not exactly  HK style
Will definitely come back again when we are in Philly.First time in Philly and Loved this place! People are super nice and friendly, the place is very nice and the food is amazingggg!!! And prices are very affordable
Loved the dumplings, the pork chop w tomatoe and the stir fried noodlesNice spot to get HK style breakfast! Could add more menu items like desserts, but I like the food there in general! Recommend their French toast and chicken congeeVery friendly and informative staff. The chef is always happy and her niece is a great host. The restaurant is very clean. Best Chinese food I have eaten outside of China. If you are in Philly you must stop at this eatery  it felt like been home. Everything we tried was absolutely delicious.This place is a hidden gem! I got the leek fried dumplings  and they were very tasty just like how my mom makes them. I also got the Friendship noodle  which they made vegetarian. This place is pretty small so seating together may be a challenge. I can't wait to return and try some of the other dishes.Love this Hong Kong style "Cha Chan Teng" cafe! Tried the macaroni with spam and egg which comes with hk style milk tea. It's tasty, the milk tea is authentic and the price is very affordable too. I also got the pork belly rice to go and it blew me away! The pork was so delicious and tender. Would definitely come back!Very authentic HK food and I believe it's the only one in Philadelphia! The stay beef over rice's so good I was trying to find it around the area for a long time...it reminds me of my childhood when I was growing up in Hongkong. The milk tea's delicious too!
It would be even better if they use a traditional milk tea cup instead of a plastic one! Also adding soup of the day!
Recommend 5****!!!!!I've been coming throughout the months it's been open and honestly, I was ready to give a TWO star initially however with much patience... hidden gem has come a long way, to the point it's my favorite Hong Kong style breakfast cafe! 
My favorites are their preset menu for Set A, Set B, Set C, or Set D which includes either their noodles, Hong Kong pancake, dumplings, and congee with a drink included (HK milk tea highly recommended!) 
Other dishes not a part of their set menu are just as flavorful and rich in their broths! 
Service has gotten better as well, and the owners are extremely friendlyYum! Such a great little spot. Low prices, good portions, great flavors. 
We came in around 1:30 for lunch on a weekday. There was only one other group dining. Service was prompt and attentive. We got the Taiwanese egg pancake, Pork Belly Hot Pepper over rice, and Set B (stir fried noodles and HK toast w/peanut butter). As expected, the Taiwanese egg pancake was amazing. I would not skip this. I loved the HK toast as well, the peanut butter was an awesome addition and went perfectly with the homemade lemon syrup. The pork belly over rice was a nice portion and had great flavor. It was very good, but I would probably try something else next time. The stir fried noodles were a bit bland, and didn't add much to the meal. We were in and out in just 30 minutes. We'll definitely be back!After a delayed flight from Dallas I couldn't wait to eat and this place was perfect for a solo dinner at the window counter. I was starving and ordered two dishes, the duck soup and the stir fried chow mai fun. Both were totally awesome. Plus I was a little confused and everyone was nice to me.This was one of the few cafe/restaurants in Chinatown that was open early in the morning. Upon walking into the cafe, we were pleasantly greeted by the spacious and clean layout (in contrast to some of the more cramped and grungy interiors of nearby Chinatown restaurants). The menu was very simple but comprehensive, offering a reasonably priced selection of breakfast items, as well as both dry and soup dishes for lunch and dinner. We ordered from both the appetizer/breakfast menu as well as the normal menu, sampling a wide range of dishes from french toast to egg pancakes to noodle soups. Each dish was very satisfying and fairly priced. We particularly enjoyed their hot chili oil, which they were also selling for $5 per jar to take home. I will definitely come here again the next time that I am in the mood for a pleasant sit-down breakfast experience in Chinatown!Really good Cantonese style cafe food. Loved it and the food was very authentic. Staff were nice and engaging and loved to talk about where they came from. Would definitely keep on going to this establishment!We started dinner of with a crispy egg pancake which is very good and a great way to kick off a meal. Fried ramen and chicken fried rice were also both very good! Highly recommended!
Dinner was so good we came back again for brunch the next morning. We tried their Hong Kong style French toast which was kind of a let down since there was no fruit on it as the menu picture lead me to believe. Also there was no syrup so the French toast was just savory instead of savory AND sweet
We also ordered another egg pancake and pork chop rice (sooooooo good) and a side of noodles with the French toast
Somehow I did not see the syrup containers on the other tables until we were leaving. This would have enhanced my French toast experienceLove the Hong Kong French Toast, taste like what I grew up with. Not too heavy, not too light, it's just right. The popcorn chicken are pretty good. I thought the delicious smell from outside is the chicken but it's actually the French toast hahahah!
I'm excited to come back to try more!The food is good, i like their HK style chicken .but i don't like their service, sometime the lady on the front is not nice.i also think that they don't have enough staff.Everyone is talking about this place I have to try it.
Got all my friends together on Sunday...must said the food was ok ..the severs suck ..when he/ she take my order. He/she have no clues what I orders then he/she send the waiter to take my order .he is better at least he speak English and chinese  with no personality.. the waitress can't speak Chinese at all nor English well ... when she speaks  she had a deep voice...I thought she is men ...no judging...I will not be returning to this place to eat ..This food is magnificent, you will not be disappointed...excellent service and food at a good price pointI have been back a few more times and I must say every dish here is capital b-a-n-g BANG. The chicken fried rice always comes with tons of chicken on a mound of rice. The fried ramen is easily one of the best dry noodle dishes I have ever eaten. 
One small caveat which is not to come here for their breakfast foods. The Hong Kong style French toast really is boring. American style breakfast/brunch cafes are just light years ahead of the Hong Kong brunch game. 
Come here for lunch or dinner I promise you will not leave disappointed or hungry.Cozy little place right in the heart of china town. Hidden Gem was a real "hidden gem" 0.o. The menu was simple and cheap but most importantly, delicious. I had the friend's noodle, one of their specialties. The broth was very unique, it was a tomato base broth and was sweet and savory. I asked for spicy and it had good kick to it. The dish had beef and bamboo, I thought instant noodles would've tasted better than the rice noodles they served with the dish however. I will request for that next time. 
The restaurant itself was very clean-looking and modest. The menu offered other stuff like Indonesian fried rice and fresh steamed chicken. My hostess/server Sylvia was super awesome, so props to her. She was very friendly and informative with the menu since it was my first time there. I will definitely come back, and I will bring friends!I live in the area and I am a creature of habit. I wanted something basic for breakfast, Most places in Chinatown do not have breakfast aside from pastry and dim sum. I need something more solid with protein. This place was opened at 9 and had some traditional Asian breakfast! I decided to give it a try, and the food was excellent! I will be back on the days when I am not eating pancakes or waffles!Excited to have a Hong Kong style restaurant in Philly. It's small and cozy. The service was exceptional. There were two ladies who explained the menu to my boyfriend and I perfectly, and answered any questions we had. They were funny and almost motherly. You can tell that they care! 
I ordered the Friend's noodle. It was spicier than I had expected but not overwhelmingly so. My boyfriend ordered the Indonesian fried rice. It tasted like something you could make yourself at home but in a good way. The star of the show was the egg pancake, it's a must try!
I will definitely be a repeat customer.Hidden Gem Cafe has a variety of Hong Kong style foods. There are a few seats inside but the service is kind of slow, as it took a while to get the food even though I thought most of them were pretty simple foods. I came for breakfast and got their fresh chicken congee combo with leek dumpling and milk tea, hong kong french toast, and taiwanese egg pancake. The chicken congee was very basic as well as the leek dumpling, which had a nice crisp outer layer. The hong kong french toast had the option of peanut butter or condensed milk but I decided to get it without either but it was really tasty! The butter melted all over the top and it was crunchy on the outside while fluffy on the inside. The taiwanese egg pancake was also alright. Overall, there's a good amount of items on their menu that are signature Hong Kong items and worth trying. I would recommend to get the french toast!So the toast looks amazing, but it was just okay. I liked the Indonesian fried rice the most.
HOWEVER, the chili oil that's served on the side of the table, that's the stuff right there. I don't know how they make it so tasty, a perfect blend of chili, oil, garlic, maybe peanuts, and other spices for a flavorful condiment that I doused the rest of my meal in. Okay tasting chicken? Instantly great with chili oil. Yummy fried rice? 11/10 with chili oil. Would highly recommend trying it out, it isn't too spicy but it is very flavorful.
Prices were also great and the service was fast, I love this place.Walked in and walked out within 1 minute because of all the flies flying all over the place inside the restaurant!!We came in late on a Sunday night. Their hours are posted as closing at 9pm. When we arrived at about 8:20, they wanted us to get take out but I assured them we would eat fast. The Satay Beef and the Indonesian Fried Rice were both excellent. 
On the plus side, the food was delicious. On the negative, the menu seemed pretty limited. I would like to come back to try their breakfast. Solid choice for a quick meal.I am from China and I have been to the states for 5 years now. This is the best fried rice I have ever had, no jokes.Out of curiosity, I wandered into this new establishment for a late breakfast Saturday. Within seconds I was hit with an intense bout of nostalgia. I lived in Macau for some time and would venture to Hong Kong pretty often. And this place is the closest I've ever felt to being back. From the comfort food menu items to the super amicable wait staff and background Canto music, it all felt so authentically HK. 
We ordered two set meals: B (stir fried noodles + HK style toast) and D (leek dumplings and chicken congee), which also came with your choice of coffee, milk tea, or soy milk. We tried the soy and milk tea, both of which were a tad too sweet for my liking (though to be fair, the S.O. thought it was sweet enough).
The stir fried noodles were flavorful with tasty bits of fried garlic or shallots on top, and not at all oily, which is often not the case when you order from Chinese restaurants. Our HK style toast came with peanut butter filling (nutella is the other option). It was a bit filling and oily, but their delicious homemade lemon syrup helped taper it down. Leek dumplings were perfectly fried, though I felt they were a bit skimpy on the filling. The chicken congee was light, flavorful, and came out piping hot - perfect for a cold spring day (come on mother nature!! ). Also, an honorable mention to their house hot oil - so friggin delicious! I heavily doused it in my noodles and dumplings, and may or may not have impulsively eaten a spoonful.Wonderful addition to Chinatown!  Chicken congee had pieces of chicken that were fresh, not the usual dry slivers.  Leek dumplings were a great combo with milk tea.  Very authentic and reasonably priced!  Will be back to try everything else on the menu.  Decor is modern, clean, with bar seating overlooking the street:  good for solo diners.I would say this is a unique restaurant, and it's one of the newer restaurants in the booming China town.  Unlike American Chinese food, you will find very fresh and delicious Cantonese style home cooking here. I'm from that region of China and I think the cooking here is quite authentic.  Not only very tasty, it's probably the healthiest restaurant for us in terms of oil, salt and MSG content in the meals.  I love the chicken, satay beef, duck noodle soup, friend's noodle soup, stir fried vegetables (you might need to make special request for that) and fried tofu.  They also have quite a lot of special dishes for dinner as well. It's definitely a good place to relax and enjoy some home cooking!You are in for a treat!
This place has 老友粉, aka laoyou fen, aka old friend noodles, aka the perfect Nanning GX flavor bomb. 
My dad and I just planned on getting a snack in Chinatown, but after seeing the laoyou fen sign we made an about face. It is so damn hard to find Guangxi food elsewhere in China, let alone anywhere in the US. We are BLESSED to have this. 
So, back to the review. This bowl is equal parts savory, sour, funky, spicy, and a little sweet. Broth was bomb, noodles were a little softer than the fresh pressed stuff in GX, but not far off. To be 100% authentic they could remove the button mushrooms, provide more tender pickled bamboo shoots, add fermented black beans, and velvet the meat a little less. But unless you've lived in Nanning, you probably haven't had anything like this before. Having gained 15 pounds there in six months and dated a GX local (and excellent cook) for three years, I feel confident in saying they are as close as you can get in America right now. Give it a go! Try something intensely weird and flavorful and just plain interesting, because you only live once and you can only eat dandan noodles so many times. 
And if you're not into that, they seem to have a solid HK cafe menu! Toast with sweetened condensed milk, milk tea, some attractive rice sets, and staple congee options.
The people here are absolutely lovely. So friendly, enthusiastic, and just plain cool. According to the auntie chef, they'll be further expanding their menu in August/September 2018. I can't wait! Hoping for some other Guangxi staples like 老友炒粉 (dry fried laoyou fen), some stinky tofu with sweet and spicy chili sauce, and maybe 螺狮粉 (snail noodles) or 桂林米粉 (the best breakfast in the world! Guilin mifen, saucy rice noodles with cracklin and peanuts). 
Get here. 
Eat some truly unique Chinese food. Leave happy. 
EDIT: Just came back and had the Guilin Rice Noodle Soup (桂林米粉) and Dry Stir-Fried Friends Noodle (老友炒粉). The Guilin noodles were spot on, absolutely the way I remember my breakfast noodles back in Guilin but quadruple the size. Perfection! The dry Friends noodle was not as authentic. I ate this all the time in Nanning and my ex made it at home constantly, so I'm picky.  This needed narrower strips of pickled bamboo shoot, far less soy sauce, and some carrot strips to be perfect. But still, the closest I've found in the US so far! Thrilled this place exists for those days that I just need some solid comfort food.The best thing about this place is the price. You can get a lot of food for really cheap. Overall the food we got was okay - maybe we didn't order the right things. My boyfriend got the toast which was good but the fried noodles were lacking something in taste. My tomatoes, beef, and egg over rice was good but a tad too sweet. Chive dumplings were also ok. My favorite dish which I probably would get again would be the Taiwanese Egg Pancake. Great place for quick breakfast or lunch but maybe I'll have to try some other items next time.This place is great for a casual hang out. Food is no frills, and the description pretty much tells you what you're going to get.
Stand out for me here was the Taiwanese egg pancake, it's so nice and crispy for a snack! I also really liked the HK Toast, for me it was the right amount for a sweet treat. As others have mentioned, their house made lemon syrup is sooooo good. I'd buy a jar of that just for my tea! 
I have never been to a HK style cafe before, but I have been to Vietnamese and Korean ones. For me, my experience was a good sort of cross between the two. Tasty, cheap, hot food, with a more casual "feel free to sit down and stay as long as you like" atmosphere. It is a little bit smaller than most cafes, but the free wifi, no card limit, and cute little benches make up for it!Saw a review of this place on bestfoodfeed and had to try it! If I didn't see that review, I would have never thought to make a visit because this place is tucked in like a true gem on the corner of a street. They specialize in Hong Kong style breakfast foods and the place has such a homey feel to it. I got the spam and eggs on rice, nothing super special but I loved it! Spam was crispy and egg yolks were runny, I would definitely come back next time and try something new!I love this place! They have great portion size and affordable price for amazing quality food. One down side is that their tables and countertops are a little sticky, even after wiping (which is a little discomforting). But I am definitely going back for the food!This restaurant is really a hidden gem. The restaurant specializes in a weird hodge-podge of Hong Kong style breakfast items and quick stir-fries over rice AND a variety of specialty noodle dishes that brings me back again and again.
When I was a student in Guangzhou in the 1990s, "Guilin mifen" 桂林米粉 (or Guilin-style rice noodle) restaurants were popular just off campus for noodle soup cravings. In more recent years, "Yunnan mixian", "Guilin mifen", and Guangxi "snail noodles" have become very trendy in big cities all around China. We're finally getting some spillover in the US, and we are lucky to have Hidden Gem as our local purveyor for Philly's Chinatown.
These rice noodle dishes are part of a "rice noodle belt" that spans between Myanmar/Yunnan/Guangxi/Laos/Vietnam. That word "fen" is close kin to the famous Vietnamese "pho". The Guangxi varieties are really special though, served with fermented/pickled items making for a really intensely flavored soup. For the "snail noodles" and "best friend noodles", there is a unique funkiness than comes from fermented bamboo shoots--a little bit of a barnyard flavor (but intense and addictive umami) takes this soup noodle dish to another dimension. 
I'm so happy that we have these Guangxi-style rice noodles available in Philadelphia!
Added note: I highly recommend their house-made chile oil (which is also available for purchase). It is full of crunchy fried shallots, which is different from more commonly available Chinese red chile oils.This is one of the best Hong Kong style cafe in Philadelphia. The selection is good and the taste is very traditional.  Highly recommend their breakfast menu if you want to see a typical breakfast in Hong KongSadly this place will be closing permanently August 31, 2019... The owner told me that they're selling it and there will be some new restaurant in its place... I'm extremely upset by this, but, it was great while it lasted (Hong Kong style soup and food which was pretty rare in Philadelphia Chinatown)... If you make it here before they close I highly recommend the soup with the sour cabbage and add some meat!Hidden gem indeed. I came here for some congee and while it wasn't mind-blowing, it's probably the best congee I've encountered in Philadelphia. Big portion, nice thick consistency, and great flavor. If you're an adventurous eater, definitely try it with the thousand year duck egg, how I've traditionally eaten congee at home. The most astounding part about this cafe is its rock bottom prices. Like, I cannot believe how food can be this cheap in 2019 and still turn a profit, but somehow they must be doing it. Just a really cute, cozy spot for solid comfort food.TRULY A HIDDEN GEM! 
Philly Chinatown has lacked true Hong Kong style food for years now. When I heard this place was opening up, I was SOOO excited. 
The space has about 6 tables and a 4-seat window-side hightop. The place is clean and simple looking. 
The menu has a variety of appetizers, noodle soups, rice dishes, stir-fried noodles, and more! The real treat is the food and the AMAZING homemade chili. The Friend's Noodle Soup is wonderfully authentic, and the serving size is beyond generous. I had to call in my friend from across the table to help me finish it. She couldn't stop drinking the soup; incredibly tasty and addictive! 
The Taiwanese Egg Pancake was crisp and delicious. The Satay Beef over rice was heartwarming. 
The service was also impeccable. 
I cannot wait to go again to eat more!Vibes: simple, well-lit, relatively quiet cafe 
Tasting notes:
Taiwanese egg pancake: surprisingly thick scallion pancake rolled with egg topped with that sweet yet umami sticky brown sauce, cut into four pieces
Beef and tomato over rice: chunky stewed tomato with big, tender pieces of beef and bits of scrambled egg in a mainly sweet, subtly salty sauce; green onion is mainly there for color 
Chive dumplings: fried and crunchy exterior like empanadas, filled with chopped vermicelli and just enough chives for flavor without being overwhelming
Chicken porridge: consistency is on the thinner side, rice is very cooked down; just a hint of salt, otherwise mostly flavorless even with the sprinkling of scallions mixed in; wanted a little more of the soft slivers of skin-on chicken given how big the bowl was
Other thoughts:
-free WiFi, long tables, and quiet atmosphere make this a potential eat-and-work spot
-like that they have sets with choice of coffee, tea, or hot soybean milk
-fast service with thoughtful staff 
-menu seems to be geared towards breakfast/midday eatingSadly this place will be closing permanently August 31, 2019... The owner told me that they're selling it and there will be some new restaurant in its place... I'm extremely upset by this, but, it was great while it lasted (Hong Kong style soup and food which was pretty rare in Philadelphia Chinatown... If you make it here before they close I highly recommend the soup with the sour cabbage and add some meat!In general I would say this place is average. The food was decent, prices were okay, and service was okay, but the place didn't wow me or anything. 
We got the chicken congee set and a pork and preserved egg congee with the Taiwanese pancakes. The congee was pretty good, salted enough with a good consistency. They also give you a pretty large portion. The set came with three small leek dumplings which were good. The Taiwanese pancake was good, nothing to write home about. 
The coffee was most likely a three in one cause they have the sugar and cream already added. I wasn't too much a fan of the hot milk tea as it was really sweet and tasted artificial. Definitely not the smooth milk tea I've had elsewhere. 
Overall, nice place to try out. I may come back to try the other non breakfast items.Quick, cheap bite to eat. The Taiwanese egg pancake was delicious. The leek dumplings on the other hand were just meh. 
Not many other vegetarian options available.Small restaurant. Ordered Half chicken, pork congee, French toast, and cabbage beef noodle soup. All the dishes were so salty, except for the French toast. Waitress only came over for tea refill and nothing else. The guy at the register ( probably the owner) didn't smile or greet customers when they came in. Didn't have a good impression with the service.Indonesian Chicken Fried Rice is really good.
It may not be healthy, but this fried rice certainly fits the bill.  The fried egg and steamed chicken additions add protein, the strong spices including a liberal sprinkling of black pepper really come through.  There was much oil at the bottom but when is fried rice ever healthy?  
The order was completed quickly with the only holdout being cash for orders under $15.  That's a bit annoying but it is a small business.I called this place before I came there to asked if they take restaurant.com certificates. The guy said yes they do accept it. When I went to the restaurant I already told them my order, and showed the certificate but the lady said they don't accept it. She even redeemed my certificate and kept saying that she doesn't accept it. After they called restaurant.com they kept telling us they don't work with them. How would they not work with restaurant.com if there was a certificate available for this place online?! She asked if we still wanted to place our order while paying without the certificate. She has such an attitude.I came here to grab a quick dinner after taking a bus from NYC to Philadelphia. I was not sure on what to eat either because most stores here in Philly close early or it was too expensive. But this small restaurant caught my eye on Yelp. It is a Hong Kong style cafe, which I prefer more than most Asian restaurants. I ordered the dish spam and eggs with the yolk medium-rare cooked, which was perfect for me! The cashier/waitress was friendly. I forgot to take a picture because I only had like half an hour to eat, but I will be back here for a quick bite whenever I'm in Philly again!Everything I've tried here has been wonderful, and its name is so appropriate.
If I lived in Philly, I'd get Set B and some Taiwanese egg pancakes everyday.I wish the duck was less salty and the hot oil a bit more spicy, but it was still delicious! Loved the noodle consistency and the flavor of the broth.Authentic, tasty Hong Kong style cooking at affordable prices!  My Cantonese girlfriend and I come here almost every week, and she praises the ingredients!  Hen hao chi!  We like the duck soup, stir-fried vegetables (special order), the Car noodle soup, Hong Kong style chicken, Satay Beef, and the claypot dinner.  For a healthier, homestyle Cantonese option, I highly recommend this place.Pretty quiet breakfast spot in Chinatown with mostly solo diners (at least around opening). Cheap prices and breakfast meal sets include either milk tea or coffee. I got the pickled vegetable with rice noodle soup and milk tea and for $7.50, and I was pretty satisfied. Only thing to watch out for is they only take credit over $15.Had the Friend's Noodle Soup...fantastic! Great balance. Has a texture similar to a tonkatsu broth, with a lot of other things going on, like small slices of chili, pickled veg, chewy noodles.