We came here (with reservations) on NYE for dinner. We had a large group of 16 but the restaurant was pretty empty otherwise. There were only 2 waiters and neither of them seemed to have any intention in greeting us. We sat there for 40 MINUTES before simply having our drink orders taken. It was then almost an hour until we actually RECEIVED our drinks. Most of us ordered water, ice t, beer, and wine...so it wasn't like they needed to do anything other than open a bottle and pour!! We then had to wait ANOTHER 30 minutes until they took our food order. At that point we were all ready to walk out, but knew we wouldn't be able to find another place to eat on NYE.
We had resevations at 8p and ended up not leaving until after 11p (on New Years!). This is Hibachi...the only thing the wait staff needs to do is bring drinks... I will never go back and will certainly advise friends not to ever go to Hikaru.
Extremely disappointed.A solid three starts.  I've read complaints about the prices of sushi, but I have to say they give some generous cuts of fish.  Besides, their happy hour drink special (which was still on at 8pm on Wednesday) makes up for it.  I've also seen some poor reviews on their service, but have to disagree with them as well (at least upstairs, as I did not have hibachi).
I was a little disappointed miso soup and salad did not come with the sashimi for two, even if it came out well presented on a boat...Hands down my favorite casual, unpretensious sushi joint in the city.  Hands. Down.
They always pass my first test: service!  Solid, especially if you get Ken.  He sort of looks like a cartoon character and is very cool.
Second test:  Perfect sushi temperature...not too cold.
Love the seaweed salad- muy, vinnegar, so beware if that's a turnoff.I have been here before for the sushi bar and thought it was alright. Since I can always get discount vouchers online for this place, the price was right for the sushi. 
Tonight, my friend and I went for a girls night out and were extremely disappointed. She never had sushi so we decided to split a hibachi meal and a few rolls. That way if she didn't like the sushi she could still eat the chicken and steak.
The soup tasted like there was no salt, the salad was alright. The hibachi food was dry and bland tasting, with no traditional dipping sauces to help.  The vegetables weren't cooked long enough with the onions still being raw but the fried rice was burnt. The steak tasted like it wasn't fresh and the chicken was a little rubbery. The sushi was alright tasting although after how bad the hibachi was, I'm nervous to eat raw fish at Hikaru again.
The soda cups were tiny and we were never offered a refill. Even if refills weren't free, which I wasn't able to determine, they didn't even offer to sell us more. We seemed to be the only people in the restaurant at the time and when we first sat down the waiter was very friendly but once he took our order, he seemed to disappear. He was standing at the hostess counter the rest of the dinner and in fact the only time he walked close to our table was to hand us the bill.
They added a mandatory 20% gratuity that wasn't mentioned in the fine print of the voucher I had. The menu only mentioned 18% for groups over 6 (normal in the area). We did the math and they tipped themselves 20% off the original total WITH TAX so it was more like 22%. I normally tip 16% for bad service and 20-25% for good service and don't think that they should be allowed to force such a high mandatory gratuity. The voucher I had was for $25 off yet we each paid $30. $80+ for two people and crappy food and service?
Awful service, awful hibachi, ok sushi.  I don't think I will return to Hikaru again.This staple of main street has lost it's mojo.  When you walk in, the smell of old grease is overwhelming.  I've been walking past and can smell it outside.  I'm talking heavy in the air greeeeez from the hibachi.  
Last time I was there, the anglo/AA waitstaff was busy yacking it up and seemed to have forgotten I was there waiting for my food.  In an empty, smelly restaurant, they could at least remember to take out their earphones.
They used to have a green river roll, which was excellent.  They changed the name for some reason.I'm a little delayed in this review but it was an experience worth sharing.
Me and 11 other people booked this place for NYE this past year for an 8 p.m. dinner.  We arrived to find the place packed and no table in sight.  There were 2 Habachi chefs for 8 tables and we waited till 8:30 to be seated.
Upon seating we ordered sushi since some people wanted both.  The sushi came and went in about a half hour.  That brings us to 9 p.m.   
We then waited until 10:15....the only reason being that we were starving and on NYE at 10:15 it would be hard to find food somewhere else.
At this point multiple tables were complaining and it just turned into quite the scene.  They tried to offer our table free wine, which would have been great, but only brought out 8 glasses for out 12 person table.
I wouldn't recommend this place again and after reading the Cockroaches review below, I'm even less likely to ever return.I haven't had the sushi here, but the hibatchi was sub-par. We had a party of 8, and it was the SLOWEST hibatchi I've ever experience. The chef served us ONE dish at a time - we were there forever! And we didn't even get to all eat at the same time. Try somewhere else.Service was below par- and I hate to say that having worked in the restaurant industry- sushi was not high quality and made us queasy afterward. There was also way, way too much rice on the rolls. Below average dining experience overall.Sushi is my absolute favorite food, and really, I'm not that picky when eating it.  The rolls here, however, were bland and not at all satisfying.  They coated the outside of one with chili powder which I have never seen on sushi before in my life.  The drinks cost more than my meal, and the hibachi was less than entertaining.  Kind of a disappointment- I think I would have been better off ordering take out from a small restaurant.Ridiculously expensive for okayy food. Nothing special. BYOB CHARGE: $7.00 corking fee PER bottle. Not worth it.It's great there's a hibachi place in Manayunk.  Everytime I walk by the restaurant, there's not many people eating hibachi... More people need to go so the restaurant doesn't go out of buisness!  The food is delicious.  I was delighted that they gave us 3 whole shrimp worth as our appetizer!  When we went it was just us in the whole downstairs so we got a private hibachi session!  The chef was great and entertaining. The sushi bar and regular restaurant is upstairs, so you can go upstairs to eat if you are not doing hibachi.Good. Not Great. Not Bad. 
The fish is fairly fresh, but not the amazingly high quality fresh fish you'd find at a top end sushi place. The service is fast and our server was very friendly. 
The prices were fair. The sushi platter I got was $22, and left me very full.Very average sushi, seaweed salad, and desserts. Service was just okay, but not horrible. Prices are ok, but not great. The seaweed salad was $7.75, which is overpriced in my opinion. Cute booths that overlook Main Street. Also, it was dead quiet and no music in the background - very bizarre! Overall, I'd recommend that you spend you money elsewhere for sushi. I'm definitely not going back.My daughter and I went here for the Hibachi grill. It was a really fun experience and the food was excellent!COCKROACHES EVERYWHERE in Hikaru Manayunk!!!! I have been to this restaurant several times and never again. Upon sitting down a cockroach climbed up the wall next to our table. We moved to another table and yet another cockroach was climbing on the upholstery on the seat back. The restaurant staff did nothing except reset the table we had left for their next customers. We left without eating. Will never go back as there are many better and CLEANER sushi places in the city.Worst hibachi I have ever had. I am comparing it to some place amazing and this was a complete disappointment! Fried rice had absolutely no flavor, to me that is one of the best parts of hibachi. BUMMER!Was concerned about negative reviews. We sat upstairs on Sat. Night. Server was very attentive. When I asked about GF she offered me GF soy sauce. The sushi fish looked ok but had the chicken yakitori which was fine. Miso was good not great.I came here on a Monday around 6pm. It was quiet, but probably because it was a Monday. I actually liked the quiet nature of it all. The ambiance is pretty nice, offering regular seating, as well as traditional Japanese style seating where you can sit on the floor. The staff was extremely friendly.
Otherwise, I was unimpressed. I ordered sushi and gyoza (dumplings). The gyoza was excellent. However, the sushi was not. It's weird because the fish tasted fresh, but the roll just didn't blend together very well. It was uninspiring and a bit bland. The sushi list was small and uninspiring as well, not to mention way overpriced. (I don't know what's with Philly reviewers saying every suburban place is the best sushi around, but Philly needs to venture out and see what's really out there. Having sushi all over the U.S. (LA, Orlando, NYC, DC...), Philly is really lacking. Most establishments have two pages, front and back, worth of sushi roll combinations.)
While waiting for my take-out order, I saw a waitress doling out salad for customers. I almost walked out right there when I saw her using her hands to grab the lettuce - now this isn't the jarring part - it's the fact that she'd touched a host of things, didn't wash her hands, and then touched the lettuce. I was a waitress for almost 10 yrs, and I'd never do that!
I'm also not sure if they were short staffed that day, but everyone was running around like they were panicked. I'd see them package items then repackage them because it was done improperly (I am making an assumption here). Like I said, they were very, very nice but their actions outside of conversation with me made me feel like I was an inconvenience. I would have gave them 2 stars, but since they were so nice, I gave 3. Attitude goes a long way with me, and they were at least friendly.This place was an "alright, let's go here" because nothing really stood out from the pictures online or the menu. 
Bottom part of the restaurant is hibachi. Sushi is upstairs, and it's pretty cool because they have some traditional Japanese tables that you just sit on cushions on the floor but we ended up sitting in an unoriginal stupid table + chairs. 
Bad: bathrooms are on the bottom floor with the hibachi. I feel they should be on the top for how readily sick you can become from eating this shitty sushi.
Service was a tad slow... wine glass too small so you definitely had to get another. Sushi was eh..... their spicy tuna roll was just really bad and not the best. 
I could of ate a goldfish out of a tank raw and it would of had the same effect.Came here on a Friday night for dinner. Sushi is very average and overpriced for what is offered. Waited about an hour after we ordered for our food. Service is definitely lacking and the servers need a fire lit under their asses. Asked for water refill three times before it actually happened. My suggestion? Venture out of Manayunk and go to Center City where real sushi restaurants exist.Pretty good sushi. Ask for the old guy when you sit down at the hibachi. Great view upstairs, dark downstairs....The inside is decorated really cool with traditional (sitting on the floor) and modern seating. 
The staff was really nice and I have no complaints there. 
The sushi is really small, just ok, and overpriced.  I got green tea mochi for dessert and it was half melted and tasted a little off.  
I would go back because it wasn't terrible, but it's not my first choice and maybe not even my second.Recently my and I had cravings for sushi. We live in Manayunk and are about a 5 minute walk from Hikraru. Our roommate had eaten here before and enjoyed it so we decided to give it a go. We went around 6pm during the middle of the week and they were not busy at all. Besides the 2 of us there was a woman @ the sushi bar and another gentlemen @ a table. We each ordered 2 rolls. I had a sweet gourd roll and the vegetarian roll without mayonnaise. They were both delicious. My boyfriebd had an Alaskan roll and a green river roll. He loved his sushi too! The server(who was this real sweet younger woman) brought us cucumber and carrots in a vinaigrette as a small appetizer. That was gOod too. We were impressed with how inexpensive th
e meal was and how tasty and enjoyable it was. We have guest coming @ the end of the month who we will for sure take hereI've never done hibachi here but I've eaten upstairs many times. While the service is always good, I've found the sushi to be average. This isn't a bad thing, by any means, but it does mean that Hikaru isn't my first choice to satisfy my constant craving for raw fish. Sitting at one of the tables up front is fun (just make sure you wear clean socks as you'll have to take your shoes off!) and gives you the chance to people-watch over Main Street.There's a story that Andy Reid, the Eagles Coach, ate here and his only complaint was that there wasn't enough food for the platter he ordered. It's a shame that fat people, like myself, must be stereotyped and it takes a few "fat celebrities" to really seal the deal. 
I felt the helpings were fair, as I ordered a hibachi-styled meal, watching the chef prepare your authentic dish before your eyes as a show. I believe this place is more for the act and presentation then say a big steak and mashed-potatoes... ( If that was what you were hoping for Andy? ) 
I was there on a slower night, so I don't know how the weekend bunch goes. Manayunk, Main St. scene has taken on some many metamorphosis over the years, even after I left my old hometown back in 2004. I watched it change in the early 90s from a few restaurants here and there to what has become a prime time hip ave. for the rich and sophisticated alike. 
I've heard when the place first opened, it was really booming and the food was out of this world. So it's hard for me to rate when I was not really into the scene when Manayunk was at it's fame. The town for years has had small booms here and there and was even a ghost town twice in it's youth. 
It's been home for me for years and apart of me is still there. Places like Hikaru still make me smile that something this unique resides in my old hood. My sister and my niece go here often and I should do the same time to time. I was delighted by the eager servers and staff. 
Manayunk may not be "as in" but it's still got decent sushi!Love the product - hate the smell.  No, not of the food...the restaurant itself.  
First, the sushi is fantastic.  Best of the sushi chains in Philadelphia, and one of your best food options on Manayunk's Main Street.  Try the bunny roll - salmon with asparagus, egg and cucumber (I believe).  Whatever is in it, it's fantastic.  
Now, to the scent.
Hikaru Main Street has a hibachi grill at each of the tables on the first floor, and they're going to need to start deliveries..because the smell is so awful that I've barely been able to stomach picking up my take-out order at times.  But that is no reason to avoid the restaurant - they have plenty of seating upstairs if you're just there to get some sushi.  The service is good and efficient.  Parking can be a bit of a problem, especially on Friday and the weekends.  Be sure to note their hours as well.
If the smell is too overpowering, try Hikaru on 2nd Street off of South - just as good.The ambiance in this place is pretty nice. The upstairs (sushi bar) area was very quiet and subdued, especially for a Saturday night. The service was fast, and the servers were polite and attentive. Ordered the sushi for two; it's a substantial amount of sushi for the price, with a pretty good variety. The fish seemed very fresh. However, the rice had a bit too much vinegar for my liking, and the taste overpowered much of the seafood in the dish, so I have to bump the rating down a bit. Might just be my preference though; my boyfriend really liked this place.I have made every attempt to make this place my regular sushi joint. My fiancé and I have gone nearly every Wednesday night for many months. It's close to our house, and the sushi is reasonably priced and good. In return for my loyalty, Hikaru has done everything possible to drive me away! At first, things were ok. Although we were often the only souls in the place, our waiter Mike was great. One day Mike disappeared, by chance we found out that he had simply had enough of what he described as dismal management and lack of customers. Undeterred, we carried on coming to the restaurant and its now revolving door of servers. Sometimes a server was seen only once and never again. These servers all had one thing in common though, a complete and total lack of a basic understanding of what a server is. Add this to a severe deficit of social skills and you have yourself an unbearable restaurant experience. This time before even taking a drink order, our awkward excuse for a human/waiter says they only have one sushi chef so if we want sushi we should order quickly because it takes long, then goes to walk away. We order, wait a half hour for him to serve us someone else's platter. Seemingly an interminable time later, our order is served missing a roll and another roll being incorrect. From the minor not refilling our drink in anywhere near a timely manner to the more severe giving me gf soy sauce after I had finished my meal (I had asked twice in a borderline empty restaurant) we just couldn't take it anymore. It's sad but we're done. Don't go there unless you're looking for an amusing story of awfulness.We wanted something different (in Manayunk) so we strolled over to Hikaru for some hibachi. It was pretty disappointing across the board. The food was gross. The hibachi entertainment was pure cheese and not at all a demonstration of sophistication/talent. Booooooooo. On top of all of it, the restaurant had a stale gross air. It smelled pretty weird and was very off putting. It was WAY over priced! I'm sad we didn't go across the street for thaiSolid three stars, maybe 3.2. I've been to Hikaru five or six times, and I've never been disappointed or blown away. 
They have a hibachi area downstairs, and the sushi restaurant is upstairs. The hibachi is fine--honestly, I have trouble distinguishing one hibachi from another; most of them seem to have the same foods and the same general shtick. 
The upstairs area does have some fun tables where you can kind of sit on big pillows on the floor and eat a commensurately high table (i.e. about 2 feet off the ground). They also have regular, less fun tables. The sushi is just OK. I've had much better sushi for way cheaper. The star of the show, though, was the iced tea. It's ridiculous. I would come here just for the iced tea. 
Service is friendly and prompt. No complaints there.OK, it has been a while honestly...but...got disappointed honestly.
After a few years of absence from the scene (...I mean Manayunk area), my wife and I decided to visit there to see how things are nowadays.
Well, first off, there are quite change in the area restaurant scene; but Hikaru was still there.
With memories from years earlier, we visited this place.
Sushi...hmm, what happened?!
I could not believe such a change -  taste, freshness, selection and price. Nothing was like my memories, unfortunately.
I did Teppan Yaki, Sushi/Sashimi before...but nothing was similar to years ago. I really wonder what happened tot his place...
I cannot give more than two stars at this moment.I've been here a few times and while I'm not in love, I can't complain either. The staff is very, very friendly. They care about their patrons and are very attentive. I can't give 5 stars because the food can be hit or miss. It's rarely disappointing but it's not crazy amazing either. The best way to phrase it is probably that you won't feel ripped off but will feel full. One time we ordered a "cocktail" and it was just alcohol and soda pretty distastefully and disproportionally thrown together. I do, however, like the place. If you come at the right times, it's nice to sit upstairs and look over Main Street. I came once during REALLY heavy snow when pretty much everyone was closed and the manager was very kind to us. Just beware, it is possible to get some loud Manayunk bros at the table next to you. The staff is always really patient and courteous with them, but I guess my fuse is a little shorterNever had such good customer service by a server than Mike. It was my birthday and he really took care of us and made us feel at home. Atmosphere was unique. Volcano Roll was amazing and highly recommend their specials. I would go back again.Fun hibachi restaurant but just as pricey as Bennyihanna. Fun for groups. Make a reservation!
Also have sushi upstairs that is pretty good but not the best spot for it in Manayunk so I would skip that.My boyfriend and I went here after craving sushi all day. I LOVE sushi!! I think this is the only sushi restaurant on Main St. We were greeted and taken to our table. We ordered the Hell's Roll, Sashimi Roll, and spicy tuna roll. Two of the rolls were supposed to be spicy and I kept waiting...and waiting...and waiting...for the spice to creep up on me, but it never did. The rolls were just plain and bland. 
It was very quiet with no music. I asked if they had any music, because I could hear the other customers every word. I guess it is a cd and they have to manually push play. k...
We will be checking out the other sushi restaurantsin the area or in Center City. This was not bad but not our first choice to go back to again.Do sushi chef's know the size of a human mouth!? Why make one piece of a roll larger than my mouth? Just wondering.
The service was great. Went on a weekend for lunch. The lunch special wasn't so special. The food was "eh"... but we ate a lot because we were hungry.
Can't say I would go back. I'd rather stay closer in Chestnut Hill for better tastes and the same price. 
I suggest a complete and total makeover.went in here with high hopes because I love 2 things....soup and sushi so I ordered a small hikaru soup and a cucumber sushi roll...the small soup is basically a shot glass of soup!!!! the sushi roll was basically a nibble but the bill was huge!!! over 9 bucks!!! I left there starving will not go back the Acme on city ave has better sushiThe Sushi was okay, my cousin and I had split an order of the Sunshine roll, the Green California roll, and the dynamite roll, but just as one of the readers below had posted, there wasn't enough food... and NEITHER of us are big.   Our boyfriends had gotten the steak hibachi and the chicken hibachi, and in order to fill ourselves up, we had to sneak bites off of their plates! 
The restaurant was completely empty when we walked in , but it was also a Tuesday night.  We were catching a movie in an hour but they had accommodated to our tight schedule just fine! or it could've just been that the restaurant was empty
The hibachi chef's tricks were mediocre... didn't even actually catch the shrimp tails in his pocket! they just bounced down to the floor haha... and we even asked him if he could catch things in his chef hat and he just looked at us, smiled, and ignored the question!   When you're paying 22 bucks for a chicken breast, some chicken broth, and some rice, the remaining 8 dollars should pretty much be for the entertainment, and we weren't entertained!
we also got some sake, but paying 5 bucks for a small size is too pricey!
I probably wont ever go back, unless for some reason i'm craving sushi and dont want to drive into center city.
Though we weren't satisfied, we all concluded that Main St. at Manayunk needs to bring in more ethic restaurants like this! There are only so many burgers and pizza places we can take!I used to go here all of the time. The hibachi is great although they aren't the best at the 'tricks'. Really nice guys though who try hard!
The seafood hibatchi is my favorite - calamari, salmon, and shrimp. Their fried rice is my favorite - better than all other places I have been to for hibatchi. The miso soup and salad are pretty good too. You definitely go home beyond full. 
They also make pretty decent sushi. 
I have never had to wait and the service is good. Drinks are pretty cheap as well. I highly recommend this place!I feel bad giving this place 2 stars since the guy who made our hibachi for us (i think he's actually the owner) was such a nice guy. The reason why I can't rave about this place is because the food just wasn't good. We all had different variations of Steak, Shrimp, Scallops, and Chicken. Aside from the fact that the food tasted bland and lacked seasoning, it also had a weird after taste.. As if the grill hadn't been cleaned properly the previous time.
We also had an issue with the cleanliness of the place. It had a foul odor, like wet carpets and old fish.... It turned us off and it almost made us leave even before we sat down. Then when we did sit down, the tables and chairs were very sticky.
I hope the owner at some point reads these reviews he's getting. He could have a niche market on hibachi anywhere near Manayunk, but Hikaru unfortunately is as restaurant I will not be returning to.......With a prime spot on Main Street in Manayunk you'd expect a top-quality sushi place... Not here!! My first and only experience at Hikaru was not a good one! I went on a Tuesday night with a co-worker. We sat upstairs against the window looking down on Main St... so far so good! We ordered a bunch of polls and sushi items to share. We were highly disappointed with the quality of our order. The rice was dry as if they had pre-made the rolls earlier that morning and served them to us at 5:00pm. I can get better sushi at the grocery store! I think my expectations were much higher considering the location... and maybe they were having an off day, but I will not be back to figure that out!Decent sushi place in the heart of Manayunk. Teppanyaki/hibachi downstairs and sushi/traditional Japanese upstairs - they even have the traditional Japanese tables where your feet hang. Food and drink was pretty standard though - not bad but not great, but a fun time.They must replace the carpet as it makes this place smell dirty.  Also check your statement if using a credit or bank card as they didn't inform me that a mistake was made and voided until I called the next day.    Food was good, no roaches in site but service was slow.If i could, I would ask Yelp to subtract a star. Not to give no stars, and not to give only 1 star, but to take a full star AWAY.  Long review, I know, but I've been a customer and a staff member, and will tell you the truth of how this place is run.
This place is AWFUL.  When I came as a customer, I was disgusted by the fact that the soft drinks are not free refills, but charged for, and no one explained that to me.  So after 3 hot teas (teabags, not loose leaf), I get the bill and see I am charged $6 for tea at a sushi restaurant. Lovely. The food was okay, over priced, but okay.
But then I worked for the restaurant for 2 weeks. (i was desperate prior to starting medical school for money).  Now I will NEVER go back.
First off, it is the most unsanitary restaurant I have ever seen. They wipe down the tables with the same rags that are used to wipe down the chairs (including in the hibachi portion downstairs, which is covered in soot).  So the table you are eating off of could have been "cleaned" by the same rag that wiped down the seat of the previous patron. Gross. 
Then I found out more about the food. Is it refrigerated? Yes. Is the rice kept at the right temperature, along with the broth for the miso? Doubtful.  Now that I am a second year med student, I know that rice and broth NEED to be kept at the proper temperature to decrease the risk of foodborne illnesses.  Also, the sushi chef (who was one of the nicest people I did meet, along with some of the waitstaff) did a great job of the sushi, yes, but was re-heating the cooked ingredients that go into sushi (eel, tempura, etc).  Burnt pieces he was scolded and told to put in the rolls/sushi anyway, since it was a waste to throw away.  Food proportions were small, plates were stashed in a dusty and sooty old closet in the basement or in the hibachi section, and we were told to "wipe them down" periodically with the same rags as the seats and tables.  
Secondly, the management and the owner is by far the most stingy, unforgiving, rude, disorganized, and flat out evil person I have ever met.  I wasn't trained, was yelled at for not knowing what to do, charged if I forgot to add a refill drink to a customer's order, and was paid less than minimum wage (including tips).  On the first day of working, I was told to come in at 4pm, not knowing that I was expected to arrive 15 min. before the time that they told me.  When I arrived at 4pm, the owner, Fuji, said he was going to dock my pay since i was 15 min late.  At the end of a 6 hour shift, I got paid a total of $25 (including tips).  
              **For customers, realize this. When you tip your waiter/waitress, he or she does NOT get your tip. It goes to a big pool and the individuals who have worked there the longest get the biggest cut, irregardless of how their service was, how they treated the customers, or how long their shift was.  Since I was a newbie, after a 6 hour shift and waiting on tables that gave me a good $20 tip per table, I only made $25. HALF of what minimum wage is.
I wanted to work at a sushi restaurant because I love sushi and I knew so much about sushi in general.  I wish I would have never set foot in this establishment.  It is full of grime, soot, unsanitary and unhealthy food practices, is run by a stingy, mean, unreasonable, and greedy little man with sadistic pleasures of watching his customers eat off of dirty plates on dirty tables with dirty chairs to sit on. 
Oh, and one more thing.  ASK FOR WATER.  It is possibly the safest thing to consume here and if you don't ask for water, you wont get it.  We were instructed to not give water unless customers requested it, in order to save "water and soap to wash dishes, and cold tap water."
This is the truth, and I'm not some bitchy customer/former waitstaff.  I've worked at other places that serve food and it was a pleasure to work there, not a nightmare like here.I love hibachi and I am used to another place near my hometown in CT. I really wanted to try this place out and the first thing I noticed is that it is pretty expensive. My fiance and I ended up splitting the meal and the waitress assured us it would be enough food, which it was. They provide extra soup, salad, and/or rice for the second person for only a couple bucks more, which was good. However when the food came we did not think it was worth the price. It wasn't awful but I've been to other hibachi restaurants for cheaper and better quality of food. Also the person cooking the meal in front of us was ok but nothing spectacular. I would not recommend coming here, especially if you and your additional dinner partner/s do not want to share food or spend more money than usual. I recommend splitting the meal if you do go here.I had sushi late on a Wednesday night.  It was one of the better sushi meals I have experienced.  The sushi was very fresh and the temperature of the fish was perfect.  The service was good but we were the only people in the restaurant.I am not a sushi fan, so I can't comment one way or the other on what the sushi experience would be. I am however, a big fan of hibachi. I've been to loads of different hibachi places and I have to say that hands down, this was the BEST hibachi experience I've ever had. 
First of all, service was very good. The waitress was attentive and quick to get us our drinks and then food. I was very pleased with how quickly she cleared away our plates as well. In addition to knowing how to do her job and do it well, she had a great personality. She was also the hostess and the reason that we chose this place over other hibachi restaurants. We actually called another place before this one and the hostess sounded very uninterested in making our reservation. This girl however, she was friendly on the phone and made it a clear choice for us. We weren't disappointed in the least. The hibachi guy put on a wonderful show. I have never seen so much--he really put forth the effort to make sure we were entertained. He did all the usual tricks and more. He even made the fried rice into a heart shape and then made it 'beat'. Good fun.
Secondly, the food. Oh my God, the food!! It was fantastic! I got steak, chicken, and scallops. The steak was cooked perfectly and flavored just right, as was the chicken. What really blew my mind was the scallops. They were perfect. Not overdone, not underdone, with a delightful amount of lemon to give you the most savory scallops that you have ever had. All hibachi dishes come with soup and salad and while the miso soup was good, it didn't blow my socks off. What was excellent was the salad with ginger dressing--it was quite delicious and my boyfriend who does not eat salads most of the time devoured his. We also ended up getting a calamari appetizer which was different from most that we've had in the past, but very good. It came with a broth-like dipping sauce that was very tasty even though I was apprehensive at first. 
Really, the only complaint that I could make about this place is the bathrooms were not very nice. They were clean, but not really decorated at all and just plain tile. Boring. Although, they do get an A+ in the toilet paper department. No cheap tp here! That being said, the dining room was decorated very nicely which lent to a very nice atmosphere.
If you can't already tell, I would HIGHLY recommend this place. We will be going back soon.I'm a little surprised that Hikaru doesn't have a better rating, as it is, in my opinion, one of the few places that has a solid authentic Japanese menu made by Japanese chefs.  I have eaten at both locations, but I have been coming to the Manayunk location since I was 7 years old when it was the only Japanese place around.  
The appetizers and regular entrees are tasty, but if you're into sushi, the rolls offered on the specials menu are the best, and most delicious.  The prices are decent, and you can afford to get something more exotic than a couple spicy tuna rolls without breaking the bank. 
The atmosphere is also pretty rad - it has busy nights, but there is a good shot at getting a table either in a traditional tatami mat booth or in the window where you can people-watch everyone on street level.This place will be closed soon. The staff lack passion it is written all over their faces I'm here now and this place is dead at Saturday dinner . I'm not surprised. The superior Yanako is up the street and has an anaconda grip on sushi on the main street strip. Staff on there cell phones dirty menus uggghhh. Bo wonder the Thai guys opened a sushi joint they knew it was needed.Meh. I've been to the Manayunk Hikaru for lunch and dinner and their sushi (while attractive) has always tasted below average. I'd rather eat supermarket sushi, especially considering their relatively high prices.
It's not all blues at Hikaru. The tea they gave us was good, and our service (Ken, and others) never ignored us. Their tempura is good, and you can also request teppanyaki (table-side cooking) if you're into that. The venue itself is clean, and has two floors, not a bad date place as it's spacious and there's always a cozy corner to cuddle - but do you want to inflict mediocre cuts of fish on a date?
Desserts (not made in-house last I checked) were delicious: get the mud pie with mocha ice creme in cookie crust. Dessert and drinks might call me back, just not sushi. Maybe their Society Hill location is better?MF and I came here for lunch and it was OK.  The lunch specials (ends 3 pm) are decent.  You choose from their list and it comes with soup and salad.  I really like the Hikaru soup.   It's clear chicken broth with fried onions and mushrooms.  It's light and refreshing on a cold day.  
I also recommend the pan seared scallops with miso glaze.  It's 4 pieces for $6.95 and is really good.  The presentation is really cute.
The beef teriyaki was pretty good.  It's pretty standard.  The beef sukiyaki was pretty good too - very big portion.  They cut the carrots into little stars which was cute.
We did NOT like the Rock'n roll.  I believes it's tuna, avocado, spicy mayo, and red pepper flakes.  Although super generous on the tuna, it also tasted abnormally fishy. The texture was squishy and just by the look of it, the tuna just looked strange.  It's 6 pieces, we only ate 3 and could not even think about finishing it or wrapping it home.  This was actually my first time I did not finish sushi roll or didn't even take home left overs to finish later.  So.... That one I do not recommend.
The service was pretty solid.  Oh and I think kitchen closes at 3 and reopen later for dinner.  I'm not really in a hurry to go back  :-/