The food and service were excellent (they make it a point to buy quality fish so if they don't have a particular order available, it's because they decided not to buy lower quality stuff if they couldn't get the fish they wanted). Complimentary dessert too!Apparently under new management. I picked up the sashimi lunch special and its incredibly fresh , generous top cuts of 4 different fish. They arrange it beautifully even for takeout.  I'm looking forward to dining in for dinner soon !!My husband and I were just in the mood for sushi and this was one of the few places that was open on a Saturday afternoon around 3pm (others seemed to open at 5). 
Even though we came for sushi, the bulgogi looked really good, I couldnt resist and had to try it...and I wasn't disappointed. The meat was well seasoned and marinated, very juicy. A decent portion size and price. My husband tried some of the rolls including the Philly roll, crunch spicy tuna and sweet potato (I honestly wasn't adventurous enough to try a sweet potato roll) and he was impressed...also he's a pretty big, muscular guy and he was able to get a good meal out of those.
Staff was attentive and prompt about everything, refilling water etc. and one of the chefs came out to ask my opinion on the bulgogi (he put me on that spot, hahaha). 
Also, it's BYOB...I would definitely come back, and actually have some of the rolls, and bring some sake or something next time.Great experience. The Simi roll is fantastic, and the otoro was very, very good. Very high quality; very reasonably priced. Strongly recommend.Absolutely AMAZING! Not just the sushi but the service was phenomenal! The freshest fish I've had in the longest time! The chef owner came over to our table to check on us several times and explained the flavors and ingredients he used. He even gave us his special house blended soy sauce instead of the regular sauce. We ordered the blue fin tuna sashimi plate. It was a special but it was well worth it for sure. The salmon ceviche is quite different but the flavors were out of this world. Who would of thought to put blue cheese with salmon and mango?? Chef Michael made it work beautifully! The Philly roll was definitely the best in flavor, taste and freshness compared to any Philly roll anywhere!! The pork belly bao bun was super flavorful and melted in your mouth. My boyfriend who doesn't even eat pork loved it! I can honestly say this place was great everything I had expected and much much more. Wish there were more places like this that offered tasty, fresh food with great service!!Totally didn't think I could love sushi any more than I already did until I came to Hikari Sushi!!! Had a wine and sushi night with college friends and the quality of every roll was impeccable; just so impressively fresh. This place is BYOB which I actually prefer. Game changing sushi- do you hear me!? GAME. CHANGING. Just go there and enjoy it for yourself. I can't wait to go back! :)Sushi restaurants are often a dime a dozen in the city. But Hikari delivered on the sushi game, bringing forth fresh, delicious, unique sushi that doesn't compared to any other place I can think of. This place is also BYOB so I heartily recommend bringing a nice bottle of wine to complement the great sushi that is here. I ended up trying a variety of items from the appetizers to the various sushi and sashimi items they had. Don't skimp on some of the appetizers as they are absolute great bang for your buck. I'll have to make another stop once again when I'm back in the city!So good. Chic interior, friendly staff, straight forward menu. Most importantly, delicious high quality & fresh-tasting fish. I definitely look forward to coming back here again!I absolutely LOVE this place - it is my favorite sushi restaurant in all of Philadelphia. It was recently taken over by new management, and they're doing an excellent job on all counts.
The sushi is superb. The ingredients are high-quality, and the specialty rolls are always creative and delicious. So far, I've tried the Holiday, Naruto, Sprunchy, Simi, Baltimore, Fishtown, Cracker, and Polar Bear, among others. The prices are great for the quality of sushi.  
It is family-owned, and the chef and staff (some of whom are his sons) are always extremely polite, professional, and courteous. Although there are no white table clothes, you feel like you're dining in an upscale restaurant (they refill water frequently and carefully, are extremely attentive to your needs, and serve and clear the table with grace). The first time we went, the chef sat down with us at the end of our meal and talked to us about his family and his hopes and dreams for the restaurant. They frequently give out free desserts or samplers. If they are extra busy and anticipate the rolls taking longer to make, they apologize in advance, even though there is no need because the service is always fast. Even the menu is printed on high-quality, thick paper.
Everything about this restaurant is wonderful. It's the type of place that you want to be extremely successful because you can tell how much the owners and staff care about doing a good job.The 40 minute escapade trying to find a parking spot was well work it for the food and experience (will definitely Uber next time)! My boyfriend and I are sushi obsessed so I wanted to take him somewhere new for his birthday and left it to yelp to help me pick a place. Hikari has 5 stars and amazing reviews overall and now I know why! We had a reservation because I didn't know how crowded it would or wouldn't be on a Friday night. When we were running a few minutes late they called me to check in and confirm that we were still coming. I explained that we were trying to find parking and he said to take our time. I thought that was awesome as I totally forgot to call and let them know I was running late with the stress of parking. June was our server and he truly made our night! We started with a house salad which was big enough to share, the chive and pork dumplings which I could seriously go on forever about (and the sauce the come with- OMG), the Holiday roll, spicy crunchy yellowtail roll, and the rainbow roll with just tuna and salmon on top. The fish was unbelievably fresh and they were not skimpy with filling them generously. My boyfriend went to the bathroom and June came over and asked me if we could wait a minute before we leave because he wanted to bring something over. As soon as he sat back down June turned off the lights and had the whole place sing happy birthday with mochi and a candle! It was so sweet! The prices were extremely reasonable, we paid $52 for everything and left full and happy. It's also a BYOB which is great. It's a small place with the perfect ambiance. You could go casual or somewhat dressy for a date night. Overall, so amazing! Will definitely be back, just not driving next time, ha!Been waiting for a good sushi restaurant in nolibs/Fishtown and finally found it! The fish is fresh and delicious. We got a bunch of specialty rolls, but our favorite might've been the simple salmon and avocado roll. Huge pieces of melt in your mouth salmon. The rice is prepared the way sushi rice should be prepared. The crab Rangoon is some of the best I've had. Love this placeThe best sushi in Northern Liberties... maybe all of Philadelphia. GO here on a "treat yo self" night. It's worth going for their special rolls and appetizers.. not the typical sushi menu. The owner and chef is extremely personal and passionate. I HIGHLY suggest sitting at the sushi bar to enjoy his company. He'll take very good care of you.I haven't even had my meal yet and I'm raving about this place. It's a chill restaurant with a nice vibe, outside seating and very attentive staff. So far I've had the seaweed salad and salmon ceviche. It was just amazing so far, can't wait to get the sushi! Also good to note, it's byob!This place is AMAZING!!! 
Master chef came to our table for greeting and explain to us origins of the each fish on our sashimi plate.  
It made us feel like we were treated well. 
We had Uni from Hokkaido Japan, Salmon from Norway,  something from Greece and etc.. 
The food was excellent, service was great.As much as I love sushi, I've never been a quality over quantity person. However, Hikari definitely changed that rule. Their sushi is cut to perfection and amazingly fresh. The quality is great and worth going for. Service is friendly and quick. The place is small so it fits for a nice and cozy ambiance. It is definitely worth checking out and will become a quick favorite of yours.Amazing sushi. We're out visiting from California so standards are high and this definitely lived up. Would recommend the cracker and simi rolls. Delicious.My go-to sushi spot. High quality fish and they don't skimp on the portions.As a long time resident of Northern Liberties and a sushi fanatic, I must say Hikari is THE SPOT! 
When you walk in you are welcomed by the friendliest of staff and maybe if you're lucky you'll catch Mr.Sim, the owner and  mastermind behind Hikari. 
Crunchy spicy tuna and eel sushi are da bomb!
Chips pork dumplings ... YUM!Really hard to get 5 stars from me. These guys killed it. Service was better than the food and the fish was incredible. Bluefin tuna special ruined us for normal maguro. 
The salmon ceviche was perfectly condimented with a very light citrus sauce and Gorgonzola, yes Gorgonzola cubes and some other tasty bits. Had a bao too, very tasty but the fish stole the show. 
Run, don't walk to this place. The chef is the owner and he cares. Seems like family running it and it shows. Perfect meal.Hikari Sushi is amazing! The sushi is delicious and the prices are good for the quality of the fish they serve. I had yet to find a good sushi restaurant in the area and I'm glad I found Hikari Sushi. I will definitely be returning. 
The service is probably one of the best I have ever had. The restaurant isn't very big but that just allows them to make sure everyone had great service and you are well taken care of. The location is great as well as there are other bars in the area. 
The food was very good. The calamari salad was huge and the calamari was very good. The dressing on the salad was also very tasty. As far as appetizers go, we ordered the cream cheese rangoons and the potstickers. Both were very yummy and the sauces did them justice. The sushi was very fresh and had a good amount of fish in every roll. The presentation of all their dishes is also spectacular. 
All in all I will definitely be returning!I have given this sushi place so many chances to redeem themselves. Every single time I order something to be picked up it is either not ready, not started, or completely wrong. It is the closest sushi place to walk so I keep trying to give them the benefit of the doubt and then again tonight they messed it up. I called at 7:30 to order 2 cucumber-avocado rolls and was told it would take 25 min I gave my name and number and when my husband got there not only was it not ready they didn't even have my order in to be made. He had to order it again, then waited 15 minutes to get a cucumber roll. He then asked them to make it with avocado and finally received my order at 8:30 over an hour later. They have never offered us a comp meal or % off for their constant mistakes. I will not be going back to this unprofessional establishment again.I have been searching all over Philly for an excellent sushi restaurant with really personalized service. I am someone who loves sashimi and very basic sushi; where the quality of the fish really matters. They have excellent specials with fresh tuna being flown in from Spain. I also have a gluten allergy and dairy allergy that makes it difficult sometimes to have a wide array of options to eat. Not at Hikari. Hikari is also BYOB and a great local restaurant that really cares about its customers. I will not be going to anywhere else in the city for sushi.I recently went here with my boyfriend, and we had an awesome experience. The sushi was delicious, but the service was incredible as well. Our waiter was there for our every need, always checking in at the right times, and the chef even came by to check in. The staff was super attentive, and the meal was topped off when at the end they gave us free dessert. Thanks for a great night, we will definitely be back!Great food, great presentation, great service. I was very pleased with my experience at Hikari Sushi and will be back soon. 
The owner came out, introduced himself and was very polite and friendly. 
The ginger dressing for the house salad was very good, a sign that the restaurant is going to be delicious. 
Our rolls were made great and fresh you can tell they know what they're doing.Sushi is really good with big pieces of fish and fresh too. Exceeded expectations will come back again soon!I picked Hikari as the place to go for my birthday dinner with my husband and we weren't disappointed in the least. Our first time checking this spot out and we both agreed that it will be one of our regular go-to sushi restaurants. Between the two of us we ordered four of their signature rolls and one hand roll; Fishtown, Baltimore, Sprunchy, Vine, and the Spider. This ended up being a formidable feast of flavors and food. All of the fish was delectable and sweet, noticeably fresh and high quality. Our wait staff, June and Rose, were vigilant and very friendly, and offered many great suggestions as well as answering all questions knowledgeably. While I'm one not to make a scene about my birthday, my husband made sure everyone knew why we were there and as a result I was serenaded with a round of "Happy Birthday" and presented with their mochi ice cream (mango, strawberry, and green tea) which was a delicious surprise. We will definitely visit again.This place is a real gem - really high quality (and inventive) sushi (the riverside roll is a favorite), and great non-sushi options too (they use sushi grade salmon for their salmon teriyaki, and it's awesome). So happy to have an excellent neighborhood sushi apot!This is a most excellent restaurant. We enjoyed a very nice evening here. The sushi was all fresh-tasting. We had four of the special rolls, and each was creative and distinct, with great flavors. The nigiri sushi we ordered was well-made, on excellent rice and with fine texture and quality.  We will definitely be returning.Hikari is in that area of northern liberties that is becoming more of a popular foodie spot with plenty of dog watching as a plus. 
It's a cute sushi spot that is chef owned which was a major plus for me. The chef and staff welcome you like family too! 
As for the food, this place is a must for any sashimi lover. The fish is just as fresh and delicious as popular places like Double Knot (for a much more affordable price!) but also has great specialty rolls like Bubblefish. There are also specials like bluefin tuna for anyone who wants a very special occasion treat. Except at places where I need a reservation, I've rarely seen that offered in Philadelphia. 
Highly recommended for anyone who wants fresh fish without killing their wallet, or simply misses Tokyo's food scene.Friendly, Personable, Delicious. 
It has been the year of the Sushi for my GF and I. At least once a week we make it a point to get somewhere for some Sushi and Sake. We've hit at least 5-6 different places in Philadelphia over the last few months and both agree that Hikari is the most consistent in both service and quality. 
Our first trip was during the transition of ownership (6mo ago) and we've been about 5 times since, including once for my birthday. They plated the cake and sang for no additional cost. The place is small and cozy with the chef in eye sight of every table. He frequently makes rounds to have quick chats and gives off a genuine good nature and enjoyment of his profession. I believe he owns or co-owns the place and he's been there every night that we've dined in. 
The menu has a healthy rotation of Sushi rolls with creative new twists on the staples. Sprunchy being one of our current favorites. We'd recommened splitting a Sashimi platter and a few rolls. The specialty rolls deliver but don't discount the more basic ones as they are full of fish and not just a bunch of rice. 
Exceptional and consistent service, long overdue review.Very nice place, great food,good prices, nice service.  Great date night!  Only trouble was finding a place to park.  PS... get the mocci ice cream!Here's my long overdue review for the place.  I know the chef from B2 Bluefin, and had to try when I heard he opened his own place. 
The quality of the fish is great. Been here four or five times, and the fish was always fresh.  (But the best day to visit would be Friday).
The dishes were well thought, tweaked from tradition but did not deviate too far away.Hikari just might be my new favorite go to sushi spot. My group of 10 visited for my birthday, they were super accommodating for such a big party which is hard to come by anymore, especially for a BYOB spot. Our server, June, was a gem! Super knowledgeable and hospitable. The sushi chef (and owner, I believe) Mr. Sim, came to visit our table to make sure everyone was happy with their food, we really appreciated the gesture. 
The sushi, the sushi, the sushi. I seriously have no words. SO GOOD. Do yourself the favor.Came here with 2 other friends on a Saturday night. The service was very good; server was attentive; water glasses were never empty and the only slight delay was in waiting for the sushi but we were given complimentary seaweed salad. 
We ordered the fishtown, polar bear and hikari roll and all of them were delicious. The fish was fresh and the combination of flavors and textures came together in a way that left us wanting more than we could eat. The chefs do not use an offensive amount of rice like other sushi places do but they used tobiko, sauce and fish to allow the eater to enjoy the taste of fish rather than become distracted with the texture of too much rice. 
We also ordered the Kanpachi Carpaccio which was aromatic and also very enjoyable. To top everything off though, we had two helpings of their fried green tea ice cream which was OFF THE HOOK. Will definitely come back again. A+We were craving sushi and this place is in walking distance so we decided to give it a shot. Though the service was impeccable and the food was delicious, the prices are a bit high. 
I got a crunchy spicy salmon roll and an eel hand roll with a seaweed salad and he got a chicken teriyaki dinner and a spicy the tuna roll. The final cost was $52 which is higher than other places I've been, but if you really want sushi, this place was delicious.Really enjoyed diner at Hikari! I was there the weekend before their grand opening with a friend. We have a habit of over ordering and spending a lot on sushi and this place was no exception. Note to self: 2 bowls of miso and 4 special rolls is too much for 2 people! Service was attentive and the food was delicious. Hikari is dangerously close to my apartment - I can't wait to go back!Best sushi spot in Philly. I have tried many of the top sushi spots around(Morimoto, Fat Salmon, Umai Umai, etc.) but Hikari is definitely my favorite.
SERVICE was excellent all around. Servers were consistently refilling water and/or asking if there was anything they could help us with. Nothing is more frustrating than slow/rude service so this was very impressive to me. Everyone was very polite and carried a positive attitude.
FOOD was amazing! I don't remember all of the names of what we ordered but everything was fresh and absolutely delicious. From the appetizers, to the specialty rolls and sashimi...perfect. You can tell the food is prepared with the utmost attention and detail. The servers will also happily answer any questions about the menu! 
PRICE is good for the quality of the food you are eating. Of course it is not cheap..it's sushi. Definitely worth every penny if you are looking for great sushi and/or sashimi. I have dined at other sushi restaurants that were far more expensive but much less pleasant. 
Overall, highly recommend Hikari. I will definitely be coming back again!Hikari is definitely my new favorite sushi spot in Philly! When I tell you I am a sushi fiend I am not kidding (some of my friends tell me I have an unhealthy obsession) so finding this place was definitely a win! 
Whenever I check out a sushi spot for the first time I make sure to try their plain sushi or sashimi first because that is the real way to gage the quality of their fish. It's easy to mask the fish quality in rolls with the help of sauce and garnish. So I ordered the sushi dinner and every piece just melted in my mouth! It was so fresh and tasty!
Not only was the food great, but the owner and head chef came around to each table to see how our food was. It's the little things like this that make dining out great.
Definitely recommending this spot to everyone I know!Best sushi place in Northern Liberties! All their specialty rolls are amazing and the staff is super friendly. BYOB and they offered to chill our additional bottles in the fridge so that our table wasn't super crowded. Had a birthday here and they were super awesome about it! Super fun spot good to eat in and good to take out also!I had the sushi lol. Well for starters I had edamame, it came out hot which I loved. The sushi I ordered was crunchy spicy tuna, Philly roll, and the sweet potato roll. I loved them all. My wife had the bulgogi, I tried a little of it. As a person that loves Korean BBQ this stuff was well marinated and had a great taste. I would come back to this place. The staff was kind and very attentive.This place is phenomenal. Fresh fish, good starters, good quality. I am Japanese and I am quite picky about my fishes.Had a great experience here since it's under new management. Chef came over to visit us and explain his signatures dishes and the service staff was very friendly and attentive despite the place being 80% full. Sushi was very good and nicely plated. Would definitely go back!A great place for sushi!  Nice atmosphere. Great, Friendly Service.  Really good food.  My friend and I were overly ambitious and ordered 5 specialty rolls: Hikari, NoLibs, Sprunchy, Holiday, Rainbow
I loved them all!The sushi here is fresh, enjoyable, and delicious.  The service is amazing, the northern liberties is the place to be.freaking amazing sushi.  I believe Mathew is the chef and he previously worked at Morimoto. He's a great guy, very knowledgable of sushi and the fish is so fresh.  I wish they were closer and opened a shop in Fishtown... but close enough to walk to.  Their spicy tuna is to die for. I've had a lot of sushi and the rice and fish are just prepared perfectly.  Excellent!This place is simply amazing for the value. It's a BYO hidden in the streets of NoLibs (jk, it's easy to find here). I love the flavors and fresh quality in every item on the menu. 
It would be an excellent spot to go for all occasions - first date for sushi lovers, gathering of girlfriends, low key date night, etc. Friendly service, cozy environment... I mean, did I mention BYO? Wine store is just around the corner for your convenience. 
I've also ordered via phone for pick up in the past and was very happy with the matching quality on take out items. 
Go ahead and indulge in your sushi craving today! You can't go wrong with Hikari.So glad to have found this place because I've been looking for a legitimate sushi place in Philly forever. Amazing selections of appetizer, sashimi, nigiri, and chef special roles; modern, clean, and cozy ambience; friendly and professional servers. Come here if you want BYOB, high quality sushi and reasonable pricing.Excellent service. Food was very fresh.... bulgogi was VERY good. You MUST try it!!!!! Byob......sushi and byob you can't go wrong. I will definitely repeat this place.
Chef greeted my family and made us feel rite at homeAbsolutely incredible neighborhood byob sushi place.  Owners and staff could not be more delightful. Sushi is so fresh tasting... already craving for next time!We took advantage of the outdoor seating in this beautiful weather and we brought our new puppy with us as well.
The wait staff and Chef Sim were welcoming and even brought our puppy a little bowl of water. Everyone was attentive and helpful.
We ordered the edamame and the rock shrimp tempura. A lot of tempura can be heavy on the breading, but this tempura was light and crispy. The presentation was also beautiful! 
The highlight was definitely the two rolls we ordered. We ordered the Simi and the Fishtown rolls. When the rolls arrived we were pleasantly surprised to find REAL wasabi. None of that neon green mess that most sushi restaurants provide. You don't know what you're missing out on until you've had the distinct flavor of real wasabi with your sushi. 
The Simi was my personal favorite. Packed with delicious fish and balanced in flavors. 
The Fishtown was my husband's favorite because of the plentiful amounts of shrimp in the roll. 
All in all a lovely experience and we will surely return to try the spicy scallop roll our server recommended. We were just too full to order another one!A group of us went here last night for some late dinner. We were able to sit outside, where the hostess generously pushed together some tables to accommodate our party. The entire atmosphere was second to none, and the service was absolutely fantastic, very attentive. The waiter was extremely patient as he answered questions, and explained the different kinds of sushi. The chef even came out and made his rounds to the different tables, making sure everybody was enjoying their dinner. 
I honestly had a fantastic time at this place, and can't wait to go back!excellent sushi. very fresh with many tasty selections. This is becoming one of my favorite places. Good price and qualityIt was sooo yummy! Amazing service and amazing value. The Naruto roll is SO fresh Id come back just for that!I was nodding my head the entire time with pure joy as I dined here. Started with the lobster Rangoons - delicious mint pineapple sauce paired with the fresh lobster rangoons. Next I had the rock shrimp app- (homer Simpson drooling emoji). Then got the fish market specialty roll- was my Least favorite dish but was still damn good for a sushi roll. And finally, ended with the buttery smooth bluefin tuna taster- the chef gave me an extra piece. Just absolute perfection. Chef then sent over some salmon toro sashimi complimentary and that was Divine as well. Chef poured me some sake to enjoy with dinner complimentary. Great food and service deserved of 5 stars.Always welcoming, always treating us like a friend. Hikari is our favorite sushi spot in norlibs. Great quality!My new favorite sushi place in Philly! 
My fiancé and I decided to have an early dinner near our apartment and was in the mood for sushi. Googled a place real quick - and ended up at Hikari. I'm so glad we did. 
We ended getting two hot green teas (which was fantastic) and shumai to start. One of the best shumai we ever had. Then we ordered the Spider Roll, crunchy spicy tuna roll, and a special of Bluefin Taster (2 pieces of Otoro, 2 pieces of Chutoro, and 4 pieces of Akami) for $36. It was soooooo good, and definitely worth the price (2 pieces of otoro from the regular menu would have been $32). 
We ended it with the fried green tea ice cream, which was the sweetest way to end a fantastic meal. It was so good - we wished we ordered one for each of us. 
The staff was very friendly and attentive. 
Would definitely recommend to a friend.Hikari is under new management and it is now the best sushi in town! The staff are very friendly, service fantastic, and the sushi delicious! I highly recommend Hikari if you are looking for a great sushi experience!Run, don't walk, to Hikari Sushi.
I've had a lot of sushi in my days and I can say this sushi bar is top notch. It's a small, "mom and pop" type of place where the owner walks over to the table to say hello before you leave, which gives it a cool neighborhood vibe. His dishes are very creative and delicious. The quality of the fish was second to none. We were lucky to have Blue Fin Tuna toro last night which was amazing!!!
Hikari Sushi is, by far, my favorite sushi bar in Philly!! Super friendly staff and excellent food.This is the absolute best sushi place in northern Liberties. I ordered the edamame, fishtown roll, and cracker roll. The rice was so fresh, and the ingredients married together perfectly. I highly recommend you visit this place. 
Also their playlist is great, terrific ambiance!We had a wonderful dinner at Hikari. This is the best sushi I've had in Philadelphia, and the restaurant has great service as well. I very much look forward to coming again.(to the tune of "This Kiss" by Faith Hill)
I don't want another burger,
I don't need another cocktail bar.
Or another fancy coffee shop,
Sometimes, good sushi feels too far.
Until I finally found Hikari,
So I promptly ordered a car....
It's a BYOB,
It's a good dumpling dish,
It's the seaweed salad,
It's perpetual bliss.
It's that bright, shining moment
When... you see your food.
Raw fish, raw fish... (I'll eat it all)
Raw fish, raw FISH!
Sometimes, the idea of sushi feels a little silly, like a splurge I'd be better making on food that is heartier. But, when you take a bite of a delicate piece of sashimi, or pick up a perfectly season scoop of seaweed salad, those thoughts go out the window. Plus, considering Hikari is a BYOB, it's actually quite a deal.
We went in with no game plan, ordering an appetizer and 4 rolls (two specialty, two classic) and left with a bill in the low $50s (before tip). We were also both absolutely stuffed. Hikari doesn't skimp on the toppings and fillings, and the fish tasted fresh. The Baltimore Roll was our sneaky favorite, and we loved the combination of the crab salad with mango and honey wasabi mayo.
The service was kind of all over the place, they were mobbed, but we never had trouble flagging someone down when we needed refills. It's small, so make a reservation, and grab a bottle of something nice at the Wine & Spirits store by the Piazza!nice little spot. service was very good. triple play sashimi was great, so was the romantic roll.Great quality fish with interesting concepts. 8 piece nigiri included yellowtail, red snapper, tuna, and salmon. The Baltimore roll was recommended and nicely balanced with lobster salad inside and sashimi style fish outside topped with masago. The spicy tuna crunchy roll again, was fresh, but lacked flavor and texture because of the overwhelming spicy mayo, minced tuna, and lacking "crunchy" tempura flakes. I also enjoyed the "yellowtail scallion roll" tho it turned out to be a spicy yellowtail roll, which tasted very similar to the spicy tuna "crunchy" roll. I enjoyed the fresh quality fish but with the expensive price tag and few mishaps, I won't go out of my way to return.This place was soooo good! It's under new management and the sushi chef used to work at Morimoto. You can definitely tell the fish is fresh and the best quality.  The appetizers were all so good too! Definitely recommend the pork belly bao bun, salmon ceviche and the kanpachi carpaccio. We also had the Riverside roll and the chirashi bowl. SO DELICIOUS! will definitely be back.Really cute restaurant and location
Sushi was good, some rolls tended to fall apart and were difficult to eat
I also wish there was more spicy mayo involvedGreat experience for our first time. Went here on a Saturday night and got a table al fresco which was perfect.  The servers were very attentive- my water glass was never empty. It's BYO as well. 
We got three specialty rolls, seaweed salad and fried rock shrimp for appetizers, then finished it off with fried matcha ice cream. This was just enough food for two people. 
The fairmount roll was a favorite. I like how the seaweed salad wasn't "fishy" compared to others I've had. You HAVE to try the fried ice cream! It's wrapped in pound cake which makes the best crust.Amazing sushi! Extremely fresh and high quality. You can tell that extreme care and attention to detail is put into the food. Small, cozy spot that is good for lunch or dinner. Would highly recommend if you're in the Nor Libs/Fishtown area.I ordered Edamame to start followed by the Bluefin Tuna tester.
The Edamame beans wer perfectly standard. It was appropriately steamed and tender.
I ordered a Miso Soup. The soup has a very savory and substantial body for a Miso Soup. This makes in high quality in my book. The Enoki mushrooms were tender and yet had enough bite to them. The miso extraction process they are using is on point.
The Bluefin taster came with 2 O-Toro, 2 Chu-Toro, and 3 Akami. All the fish was fresh. The rice was well executed sushi rice: toothy but still soft enough. The rice had great grain individuality (it wasn't too sticky or mushy). The O-Toro was very tender and fairly creamy on the palate. The fat brought a very delicious flavor. The other two cuts were progressively less flavorful/creamy. But such is appropriate for chu Toro and Akami.
At $38, I think this was a decent deal for what it is. All the cuts and ingredients of the meal we're well executed.I didn't realize my rolls were gonna be wrapped with cucumber. It was the naruto roll I believe. Very cucumbery taste. It's ok though because everything else was really good.
BYOB?? No problem. Brought my bottle of H E N N E S S Y and they provided us with Japanese style shot cups. Bill came out to less than $50 between me and the person I was with so that's always a win. Service was extraordinary and greatly appreciated.
Most people already know if you're familiar with the area, parking can be a pain. For the Saturday night I came I got lucky and found a spot within a block but something tells me everyone won't always be this lucky.Super fresh: especially the fat ("toro") salmon and tuna. Check out their special bluefin tuna too. Super tasty.This place has changed my thoughts about sushi, its perfect! The chef is a real professional and you can tell this man is passionate about his cuisine. There is no fishy taste, just pure, clean, high quality ingredients. that is perfected by the master chef! I was just shocked how I enjoyed it too much! The pallet feel and the temperature of the sushi just felt natural to eat and not feel like you are actually eating raw fish, if that makes any sense! He was very nice to ask how was it and I told him about how I usually don't like it and he just changed it entirely!Good sushi! Only reason I'm not giving 5 stars is because I have had better sushi for the price point, but overall a can't-go-wrong sushi spot in Northern Liberties. Will order again.I don't often post reviews, but this place was amazing. Clean, prompt service, and the food was INCREDIBLE. We got pork potstickers, calamari salad and three rolls. So delicious. The staff treated my daughter and me with such genuine care and kindness, it was a joy to eat there. We don't live in the city, but we can't wait to make the trip back! Go here!!!This place deserves the 5 stars it's kept the whole time I've lived in the neighborhood. High quality sushi, BYOB, always good service in a comfortable environment. The outdoor seating is the best. The speciality rolls are always incredible and I appreciate that the simple rolls are extremely affordable. I always leave full off one specialty and one regular, which is a huge plus.Awesome food! Great service! And I absolutely love the outdoor seating with the great weather!!The service is awesome . In terms of food, the seaweed salad, the rock shrimp tempura with Parmesan on top, which sounds weird but is amazing are both great starters.
For sushi we like the Fishtown Roll and the Northern Liberties rolls but don't limit yourself to these. The Blue Fin special we had tonight consisted of sushi style pieces of Otoro, Chutoro, and Akami, and this was probably the best sushi I've ever had in my life.
So there you go, I said it, better than Nobu.This review is long overdue. A few months ago, I was in Philly for work and found this place randomly on Yelp. It's in a decent part of town, I think. I took an Uber here and had no problems finding it. 
The place is pretty small but feels cozy. The staff is extremely welcoming. I felt at home right away. I sat at the bar since I was alone. I had a tough day of work and was a bit out of sorts. The sushi chefs were really nice. I chatted with them and let it slip I wasn't feeling too well. They were so nice. Their hospitality was something I won't forget. 
The food was excellent. The sashimi was very fresh. I also really enjoyed the rolls. 
Overall, this restaurant deserves all the praises it's received online. I'd highly recommend spending your dinner here and getting to know the awesomest staff! 
Thank you!Such great service!! I just went for take out and they were so friendly. The food is great too! I'll definitely be going again. They even give you a little disposable soy sauce dish for dipping with your take out...it's the little things. 10/10 would recommend!The best sushi place ever!!! New menus are much better than the old ones. Ppl who work here are very nice. We started with shrimp tempura and cobb salad! The dressing is really good!! The cucumber rolls are unique and the holiday roll is full of salmon! If you are salmon lover, you will love it! I wish I could come here everyday!!!Northern Liberties has been needing this place! The sushi is AMAZING, the chef is so friendly, and the special rolls are really unique. This is the best spot around. We've been getting take-out from Hikari every Sunday during quarantine and it's the best part of the week!