Gotta say, I was more than a little surprised to read the reviews citing poor (or barely existent) service as the reason for the low star count.  When I visited Hikaru, we were seated with orders taken within the first 5 minutes, and didn't experience any of the wait times for food or service I'm reading about here.  (Thankfully too, since we were pretty crazy starving when we decided to stop in.)
In fact, one of our favorite things about our experience here was the waiter, whom we now lovingly imitate on a regular basis.  He was super-attentive, but not annoyingly so, and was soft-spoken and endearing.
The plum wine (though served in a smaller glass than I would like... but maybe that's just the alchie in me) is exquisite, and was just the right accompaniment to my deeelish tempura.  The sushi is, well, sushi; nothing spectacular, but definitely enjoyable.
Loved the decor as well - it feels warm, calm, and quiet compared to the South Street vibe just outside.  Definitely worth a return trip.The sashimi here is fresh and delicious! We love coming here! Staff is great. We come up from Wilmington, DE looking for new places to eat #foodies and always end up here at least once a month.Great sashimi lunch for just $13.95. Really good service - water refilled throughout the meal, table cleared efficiently. Rating - AColleague and I tried to look for a fine sushi place and found this. Place was great! They have traditional Japanese style booths if you opt. Service was amazing to be honest. Sushi was amazing!!!! Pricey but worth itAwful meal. Edamame was clearly microwaved and didn't even have salt. Salmon tasted frozen..and bad.  Waste of money. Overpriced. Also terrible customer service. Had to speak with owner and he was rude. Would have been more satisfied with a bowl of cereal.I would normally give this restaurant a higher score (though not by much), however, I was very disappointed today. My daughter and I decided to go for lunch at Hikaru after checking their website to confirm they were open. It clearly read "open," the lunch hours listed as 12:00 to 2:30. We arrived at around 1pm, eager for our sushi lunch only to find the lights out and the door locked. Making matters worse, this was the second time we experienced this with Hikaru.  This, I would say, is bad business. With all the Japanese options in the city, my next sushi lunch will no doubt be somewhere else.i frequently dine at the sushi bar, as well as get take out. service is very friendly, fish is fresh, prices a little high but not outrageous. i'm not a fan of their teriyaki dishes, but the sushi is great!Our favorite sushi place in Philly.  They treat us so well whenever we come in.  Great sushi good prices overall outstanding experience night in and night out!I am not, by any means, a sushi expert. In fact, I don't like the thought of raw fish wiggling its way down my throat. But I will still judge your restaurant...
I liked Hikaru based on the miso soup, dinner salad (w that really yummy peanut-y dressing). We shared a plate of shrimp and veggie tempura for an appetizer which also won my vote for using just enough batter so you could actually taste the vegetable beneath all that fried dough.  I ordered chicken sauteed in ginger sauce for my entree and it was all white meat chicken (yay!)and the sauce was so savory. 
My bro and his wife shared a bunch of different rolls and they weren't exactly jumping up and down at their deliciousness so sushi-eaters beware! Luckily, there are plenty of cooked items for those of us just wanna play it safe. 
What I didn't like about Hikaru was the fact that it smelled so fishy right when u walk in. That and, although our waitress was awesome with her service, I saw them turn down 3 other customers in a somewhat rude manner. Maybe they were just really anxious to get out but I didn't like how they treated potential customers.I went here for lunch recently and thought the sushi was very good. My husband and I decided to go out to dinner last Saturday night to try the place again. AWFUL. While the sushi is good, the service was terrible. We waited over an hour for our appetizer and the waitress didn't even fill up our water glasses more than once. For the entire restaurant, there only seemed to be two people working...the kitchen was backed up and it wasn't even at full capacity. 
I read other yelp reviews so I didn't expect stellar service but this was just BEYOND SLOW!!!! We were so hungry by the time we received our food that we scarved it down and couldn't even enjoy it. The whole experience took about 2 hours to get shrimp tempura and 4 sushi rolls. 
Also, as another review stated, children were everywhere - it seems like a family place which I don't particularly enjoy but could have looked past if the service was better. Overall review - don't dine in! I probably won't even order take-out from here just becuase the service was so bad and I don't want to give my hard-earned money to an establishment like this.  I would take a pass.what can i say .. wow.. the ramen noddle is soooo goood....i love it very much, i had one for take out last night and belive me.. it still good even after i heat it up on the microwave....even my friends and my mom say the same thing .. 
and with $10 a bowl is really cheap and worth to try ..I got Hikaru for take out since I live in the neighborhood and had never tried it.  I started with the house salad with ginger dressing. Normally I am a huge fan of ginger dressing, but this was creamy and almost tasted like it was made with mayonaisse. Then I had the gyoza with chicken, pork, and veggies. There were 4 tiny dumplings that taste just like the ones you buy frozen. Really salty. I finally had an Alaskan roll with fish eggs, which were bright red and slightly disturbing. The sushi was ok... Nothing special. I won't be going back, especially with Sushi Planet and Headhouse Cafe nearby.This review is for the food!!!  We tried several japanese restaurants in the area and they each left something to be desired as far as the sushi. That is putting it nicely. 
We ordered several rolls and some appetizers and they were all fantastic.    The place would get five stars for ambiance as well.   The employees were very nice, and while we were the only people there for an early dinner we still struggled to get their attention. Luckily we had time to spare. Overall, it was a five star experience.Honestly I'm surprised at all the good reviews this place has. The fish is OK, definitely not the freshest i've had and the presentation was nothing special either. Hikaru has lost its prime, i remember a time when the place was decent but with so many sushi joints around Philly, Hikaru has become outdated. If you look at the years when they got their awards you'll notice that there from almost 10 years ago!! If you're looking below average sushi at an above average sushi price, this is the place for you! Otherwise I recommend going elsewhere if you value your dinning experience.The food is three-star, and the service is zero or one star.
Yet another restaurant that pours all its effort into the decor, looking to lure people into a horrible or mediocre dining experience.
I went with a group of Japanese students years ago, and everyone remarked at how rude and inattentive the waitress was. I understand Japanese have much higher standards in this but even I was finding myself irritated and I'm very lenient with waitstaff.
Food was mediocre, especially for the price.
I'm not sure about Hikaru's other locations, but the one experience was bad enough that I don't care to give them a second chance.This is my go-to sushi place in the area.  For a restaurant off of South St, their prices are reasonable especially for sushi.  My bf and I come here a lot and we always receive great service.  The 2 waiters that are usually there are incredibly friendly and attentive.  They always seem to pop out of no where to refill my tea!
We usually get the sashimi appetizer which is always fresh.  I've tried so many rolls from here that I can pretty much say they're all great.  The only one I don't really like is the one with the hot pepper flakes.
I've also tried the Japanese garden dessert.  It has scoops of ice cream with little mochis.  The mochi is like the little packaged one you find in the snack aisle of the Asian supermarket.  It's not the ice cream mochi.Frequented this little spot off of South st many times.  First recommendation, get take out - on to that later.  I'm not a sushi expert but I do like their sushi even if it is a tad expensive.  I've ordered just about every roll but Hell, Killer, Eel, and (Crunchy salmon skin - can't remember the name) rolls are my favorite.  The gyoza is also good but you never get enough of those... why can't I get a dozen, like hot wings!  I've tried their banana dessert and green tea ice cream, both are super sweet and good.  
So here is why I recommend getting take out.  The place is quiet, which is fine, but I feel as if I'm dining in a Japanese ghost town (if I could cue the "Good, bad, and ugly" song on Japanese guitars I would).  I've actually been there, alone, and that just feels wierd.  Normally, I won't even try a restaurant that's empty but I know the food is good so I typically come back, and get take out.This is my favorite sushi spot in Philly. I love the ambience; it is quiet and intimate. Great for a date night or a small group gathering! Servers are friendly and very attentive. I love their rolls. I have tried all of their different rolls on the menu so far. Delicious food hands down!awful awful awful.  First of all, we order a bottle of wine from their very limited menu.  Waitress comes back and they don't have it, nor do they have many other bottles.  it was basically a choice of maybe 3 awful bottles.  After that we order our food..  She comes back and they don't have what we want.  finally order something some things they do have.  one order was the white tuna sashimi.  odd looking shape to it and i almost swallowed a bone!  what sushi place leaves bones in their fish??
 Everything else was sub par.  The next morning i still have a strange bad fish taste in my mouth.  never again!!!  stay away!!Very pricey but their Chicken Karaage WAS SOOO GOOOD, though it gets a bit salty if U eat too much of it.The best sushi I've had in Philly.  and I've had the Omakase @ Morimoto.  value priced, nice locale, great, friendly chefs.  Good eats.  3+ stars.This is traditional fresh sushi, not the trendy fusion Japanese sushi that seems to be popular lately. I come here at least once a month, and over the years, have developed my go-to order of: south street roll (salmon, fish egg, scallion, mayo), negihama roll (yellowtail and green onion), green river roll (eel, avocado, cucumber, eel sauce, seaweed powder), dragon roll and california roll (to balance out my palate in between the other rolls).  Their salmon teriyaki is also really good.  The waiters/waitresses are always very courteous, and the restaurant is child-friendly (which I appreciate).  My little ones love the tatami tables.my other local sushi go-to for special occasions...
i've always had fabulously fresh seafood, rice and veggies here, and they've always been delivered to my table quickly. i can dig that, especially on a busy friday night.
plus, they're always amenable to the fact that we bring the bug with us. actually, i think this might have been the first place he tried (cooked) rolls when he was just gone 2.I've been to a lot of sushi restaurants in Philadelphia and this is hands down the BEST one I have been to.I want quality, traditional Japanese food, and Hikaru delivers that and then some.  Everything from the complementary pickles to the attentive service was top-notch. I'm  not looking for some kind of fried-mango-dragon-flaming-roll, we actually want Japanese food, like a fresh and well stocked bowl of chirashi.
I was most impressed when the server was helpful and tolerant of our two young children. I wouldn't have called this a great place to bring kids before, but they didn't cringe when we walked in with the 2 and 5 year old - and went out of their way to make it a pleasant experience. Without prompting, we were brought chopsticks rubber banded together, plastic cups with straws, and they didn't seem to mind when the kids weren't always sitting perfectly at the little tatami table. Granted, we were there at 5pm and my kids eat Japanese food regularly, but I still was pleasantly surprised.Hikaru in Center City has a different feel from the Hikaru of Manayunk, as it lacks the fanaticism of the hibachi grill.  The lighting is low for relaxation and the service staff are soft-spoken, friendly and accomodating.  In my experience, the service is standard and friendly, all the while, they're wearing kimonos (rather difficult, trust me).  The setting is calm and quiet, which can be tough to find on South Street.
There never seems to be a long wait when I go, but it tends to be on a weeknight, when I'm having an unrelenting sushi craving (often!), when quick, fresh sushi is of dire necessity.  Granted, it's not the best sushi you'll ever eat, but it satiates the yearning without disappointment, and it's on our last-minute, "what do you want to eat?" sushi place list.  
A little on the pricey end for the entrees.  Last time I went, I enjoyed the seared scallops in miso glaze appetizer, as well as the Agedofu (fried tofu).  Next time, I'm going to try the Japanese Garden Dessert special.Initially i was surprised to see the low rating on yelp for Hikaru, but the restaurant is mostly empty whenever i have gone. It's a shame too because i really like it, and i hope it gets more attention. I dont want it close down. 
Being a vegetarian, i guess I am not too adventurous when it comes to sushi, my go to order being: miso soup, 2 cucumber, avocado, spicy sauce rolls. It's good. Good service. the waitress was a bit uptight but still no complaints. 
My tablemate ordered the Sashimi roll and Bunny roll. He likes salmon a lot and gave a big thumbs up to both rolls.My first experience with Hikaru.  It was very empty in the place(2 tables) I was craving some good sushi and was already on South street so I decided to try it. I ordered the Gyoza, Vegetable rolls and the Sunshine roll. The Gyoza was good but I got 4 tiny pieces for $6. I was definitely not worth it to me. The rolls were not great. 
My usual sushi place is in Liberty Place at 16th and Chestnut street. I honestly really like their food especially for the price. I was already on South street and was so craving sushi. It should have just order pad thai across the street or Steam shrimp and vegetables from South Garden.Smells overwhelmingly fishy when you walk in, but the sushi really is delicious. We do take out a lot, but eating in is fine, just as well. Service is what it should be, and the prices aren't bad, for fresh, healthy seafood options.First Mistake: A friend from Texas recommended this place and I did not question said recommendation. 
Lesson Learned: Never trust a Texan for a Sushi recommendation. Barbecue Yes. Raw fish. Never. 
Second Mistake: Putting even an ounce of credibility into the restaurant's "Zagat Rating"
Lesson Learned: Be sure to check the year that the Zagat Rating/Award was given before you dine. This one was done in 2006. It is absurd that the restaurant continues to brandish an award to customers 7 years after the fact. 7 Years! This is flat out deceptive and wrong. I mean It's like wearing your prom queen tiara to try to pick up at a party 7 years after graduation. 
Subtext Of Lesson Learned: No award during the past 7 years means nothing good has come out of here in the past 7 years. 
Third Mistake: The quality of a Japanese restaurants miso soup is a key indicator for the quality of the meal to come. After some rather lackluster lukewarm miso, I didn't hit the eject button while I had the chance.
Lesson Learned: Always hit the eject button when you have the chance.
This is easily one of the most mediocre dinning experiences I've had in some time. The waitress was very rough around the edges (did not know specials or really anything at all about the food, had no natural intuition or sense of timing, possessed very poor prioritization and multi table management skills) the service slower moving than a downtown Tokyo street at rush hour, and the food, while not a a absolutely horrible, is certainly not deserving of its seven year old Zagat award. 
-SZThis is a wonderful japanese bonifide restaurant. I was stationed in Japan for four years and came back to the states yearning for a great japanese restaurant. Hikaru definitely hit the spot. from the kirin, to the kitsune soba, to the spicy sushi. Everything g was great and the ambiance was perfect. Not too little and not too much. Hopefully everyone enjoys it as much as I did.I thought this place was absolutely great!  I went in on a Saturday, about fifteen minutes after they opened, around 4pm.  I was the one of few people in the restaurant and it was quiet and peaceful.  It smelled slightly fishy upon entering, but not in a bad way.  It smells like seafood.  Fresh seafood.  I was seated immediately at a round table near the front windows, which was lovely.  I got to people watch while I enjoyed my meal :) 
The decor is very classy, attractive, and relaxing, with low lighting.  My servers were sweet, respectful, and highly attentive, though not incredibly talkative.  I never found myself wanting for more water, which is a huge pet peeve of mine at restaurants.  As soon as my glass was about half empty, the server was back to fill it up!  Super!
I ordered gyoza (Japanese dumplings) as an appetizer and a California roll and zaru soba (a cold noodle dish) for my main course.
The sushi was of a good size and was extremely tasty.  And I was absolutely crazy about the gyoza.  They were light and crispy and the filling was deliciously flavored.  Having never tried zaru soba before, I wasn't entirely sure how it would taste.  Honestly, it was delightful.  It was a lovely, cool meal for a warm day.  And the portion was much larger than I expected! 
The server came by, offered to package up my food for me to take home, and gave me my check.  The next day, I sat down to enjoy my leftovers and they were just as tasty as the day before.  She had even put in an extra little container with more green onions and wasabi for me.  How nice!
I will definitely be returning.  I must have more of the gyoza!  And I look forward to trying some more of their hot dishes :)My husband and I have been looking for an authentic Japanese restaurant. We were stationed in Tokyo for 4 years and have missed the food greatly. We found one restaurant in San Antonio that was authentic, and moving here to Philly we thought it would not be difficult to find something authentic here. However it has taken us 6 months but in 6 months we finally found an authentic Japanese restaurant that has actual Japanese people working here. The service and food was beyond amazing! If you're in the area this is a great little diamond in the rough. I will be bringing family and friends here to give them a little taste of JapanCalled this guy for a pick up order and he said he " didn't want to". Nice.  This place is what we call in the industry, a s&@t show.It's been awhile since I had decent sushi in Philadelphia.  I stumbled across this place with a friend yesterday and really enjoyed their makis!  Good, friendly service and located in a hip neighborhood.  I would come again.I loved it then. I still love it now. Still great sushi at an affordable price. It has changed over the years but I can at least state that it is always very clean at this restaurant. 
Service varies depends on the server that you get. The older gentleman is really nice. I hope this restaurant never goes out of business it's a nice little charm down south street.Went for our Valentines Day dinner. It took 10 minutes to be greeted after we were sat. It was also empty at this time. We had one tasty dish ( Japanese dumplings). Otherwise our shrimp tempura app and sushi choices were not very good. Usually we can deal with that but the service continued to be horrible. We were never asked how our meal was or if we needed anything else. Then after we finished it took about 20 minutes for us to cash out. Sadly we will not be back.I love this restaurant!  It's a great place for authentic, traditional Japanese cuisine that's unpretentious and well-priced.  Service can be a little slow and the restaurant is in need of a makeover, but the food is fresh and absolutely delicious!  Some of my favorite dishes are the Hokkaido spring roll, live scallop sashimi, and Japanese salad with ginger dressing.  Yum!After leaving Hikaru, I had to take stock in why I go to eat out at restaurants in the first place. Yes, the delicious food plays a big part. Anytime you have a menu prepared by a professional chef, you can expect a break from the norm of eating at home. But I absolutely take value in the service aspect, the treatment of the staff, their willingness to take care of you and make you feel welcomed. Their eagerness to have you back. 
I got absolutely none of that at Hikaru, and that is why, after an hour of waiting for  food on Valentine's Day evening, I grabbed $5 from my wallet, left it on the table for the soup and edamame, and got up and left before my meal arrived.
I consider myself a relatively patient human being. But right from the getgo, I knew something was off. After first arriving, I saw a throng of 4 or 5 individuals waiting in the front, with no one there to greet anybody. After a few minutes it occurred to me that the greeting table is an extension of the bar. So the bartender doubled as the greeter. After another 5 minutes, the bartender looks at me quizzically and I mention that I had made a reservation. I point to my name on her list, she looks somewhat surprised, then finds a table and sits my date and me down at a table in the middle of the house. I show her I have a restuarant.com coupon, and she says she cannot accept it because it's a holiday. Fair enough, I say, as I noticed that it does say it does not work on holidays, albeit with smaller than usual font.
After ten minutes of waiting without anyone as much as pouring us water, I make a bet with my date as to whether we'll get served in the next five minutes. Sure enough, after 5 minutes, a server finally comes over to takes our order. I mention we waited 15 minutes, and she kindly but hurriedly says that she'll take our full order then, not just the appetizers and drinks. Gee, thanks. We order a soup, appetizer, hot sake, and 4 rolls of sushi. Easy enough. The waitress walks away, and the waiting resumes. 
Half an hour later, the soup arrives. Half an hour for the soup! Before I have a chance to ask about the sake, the waitress has already hurried off. Another 15 minutes goes by and we still wait. At this point I've had enough. I walk up to the back and ask for the manager. Of course, he's not in tonight, but the lady who seated us is, and I explain to her that I've waiting an hour since being seated, and haven't gotten any of our order besides the soup. She asks where my table is, but offers absolutely no apology for the inconvenience. I ask if she can at least honor the coupon as a gesture of consolation, and she says no, she absolutely can't, but then wants to know where I'm sitting. I point her to my table, and she walks away. Two minutes later, the edamame comes out. The edamame! Still no sake, still no apology, still no manager.
At this point, we leave. I have never posted a review here before, but I have never had such a horrible restaurant experience to warrant writing one. I understand a busy place, but this place needs to get called out on. With the lack of a greeter, the horrible lack of staffers, and the manager not being there on Valentines day, one of the busiest restaurant nights of the year, this place's ship seems to have sailed. With all of the other nice sushi places popping up everywhere, you can do much better than waste your time here.My friend and I had a pretty great time at Hikaru last week.  We found a coupon on restaurant.com, which helped us out a lot.  We had to order ~$40 food and then got $25 off that price!  So we definitely splurged on the amount of food, but it was tasty.  
The seaweed salad was really interesting.  Usually, other places give you about a cup worth of the neon green seaweed for $5, but at Hikaru their seaweed salad is $7.  I thought that was pricey, but when they came to our table w/ 3 different types of seaweed in a bowl I was pretty impressed.  Lots of different flavors and textures going on!  Win!
The sushi rolls were fabulous, especially the eel!Everything was delicious!  Great service.  We had the house salad, vegetable tempura, and several sushi rolls.  Best rolls were eel avocado, spicy tuna, and California rollService was very good. The fish? Not so much.  In some ways like an old fighter, the desire might be there but the ability and will for execution have fled.This is my happy place and the biggest hidden treasure in Philadelphia. If you happen to stumble in queen's village and craving amazing sushi, you have got to stop by. 
Order the following items from Abel and I promise I will turn you into a believer: sunshine king hand roll, south street roll, Monroe street roll (secret menu item). Sit at the sushi bar and watch a true master. 
If you are feeling adventurous, ask for recommendations and don't waste your selections on California anythings. Life is all about trying new flavor combinations and testing your palate. See you there :)My husband and I have been there twice, and both times food was simply delicious. I highly recommend the Dragon Rolls and the Green California rolls. The service is always attentive and nice. If you're looking for an authentic Japanese restaurant Hikaru is your place.Came here for the third time to make sure I didn't get the wrong first and second impression. This time was the last straw. I was very excited to eat sushi on date night in my neighborhood, and I ordered my two favorite rolls: spicy tuna and cucumber, and the soft shell crab "spider" roll. I think only two pieces of the spider roll had crab in it. I felt nauseous while eating these rolls. "Maybe it was too much mayo?" Is what I kept telling myself. I don't know what it was but it made me feel vile afterwards.First time here with a group of 5 friends.  We were the first ones in after the place opened for the evening. Even though we were the only ones in there for quite some time, service was extremely slow. 
We ordered Fried calamari as an appetizer and they lacked any flavor or seasoning. They literally just threw the calamari in a plain batter. 
The house salad was equally as unappetizing but I think they tried to remedy it by drowning the lettuce in salad dressing (still gross). 
Now, on to the sushi rolls-- I ordered volcano roll, and Rock n Roll. The volcano roll was another dish drowned in sauce. The flavors were muddled and it didn't taste fresh. 
The 2nd roll was ok but still, I've had far better sushi. My friends were indifferent about their meals. We all agreed we won't be back.Hikaru was a surprise. Friday night at about 7 and there was just  a handful of customers. Sat down at the bar and did our usual test routine. Ordered a small sashimi plate to see how good is the fish. Don't know if the chef saw that we are new customer or what, the plate was pretty full, and pretty damn good. Then an order of white tuna and uni, both are good. The white tuna actually tasted like chicken, seriously. 
Overall it is good enough that I am not be writing it off until I try a couple more times.overpriced gyoza, although tasty.
my real disgust with this place came from my experience i had with the alaskan roll. i had not noticed it was listed as being made with boiled salmon. i received what looked like cat food. recognizing that the mistake was mine, as it was apparently listed on the menu with an asterisk, i did try one piece and did not make a fuss. it was so bad that i would have spit it out had it not been a rude thing to do. 
once they checked on our table and i mentioned my error for ordering this item, and that i was not going to be eating the remainder of the roll, the server tried to remedy the situation by knocking off a buck or two from the roll price, since i only ate one piece. he did however make it clear that it would be difficult to remove it from the bill completely as the owner was around, and the owner would say that since i had eaten a piece, i could not have hated it. so i suppose i should have spit it out onto the plate to the dismay of my friends.
note that i did not ask for it to be removed from the bill, nor did i expect it, but i know i'll never come back.Staff is so pleasant and sweet! Food is delicious, I wish they had more specialty rolls to offer . Besides that, nice byob for friends and familyAfter all the reviews, I was worried about having dinner but I was so pleasantly surprised by my experience.  Service was good.  I ordered the Super Deluxe Nigiri which came with 7 pieces of sushi and one eel roll.  All tasted fresh, good, and not fishy.  Its a bit out of the way, but I'd go back if I'm in the area.Always fresh and always friendly. Undoubtedly some of the most delicious sushi I've ever had. Have been coming here for the past couple of years and have never had a bad experience. If you haven't already, you MUST try Hikaru!! Uni is always fresh.Hands down my favorite sushi place in Philly. I have been trying to find a place that has remotely as good sushi as Hikaru and still no luck. My favorite rolls are - Hell's Roll and Sunshine King Roll -- fun and unique combinations made with the perfect rice and the tuna is always very fresh in hell's roll. 
When I dine in, I usually receive great service. The orders are sometimes a little bit of a wait, but I think the sushi is well worth it. Restaurant is very quiet and clean. When I'm craving sushi, this place has always been my go-to. My only complaint are the hours. It closes pretty early after lunch (2:30pm) and opens back up again later (4/5pm).Fantastic sushi and really amazing for a large group. I've gone for both intimate Saturday night dates, and for large Sunday night group diners, and the space is perfect. A small, but perfectly designed, traditional seating area is really nice for a second or third date (not a first, the place is a lil too expensive for that).UPDATE:
Went to Hikaru for dinner last night. Sushi was good.  But something people were telling me about the service that I kept saying wasn't true.  What was this?   That the service at Hikaru is HORRIBLE.  And you know what ? It is.  They took forever to take our order.  Before we actually got our food, we were treated as though we didn't exist.  But once we got our food they couldn't wait to get us outta there.  Half way through our sushi they tried taking away our plate that still had food on it, and without asking she tried to take away our sake bottle.  how rude!       
Food was great like always though.  We tried the Killer roll, which had broiled salmon, salmon skin, avocado, and cucumber.  SO good.  For dessert, we had the Mississippi mud pie and the a la mode.  The pie was kinda sucky, but the a la mode, which consisted of fried banana with ice cream was SOOOO good.  
POINT?  Come for the food, not the service.  Call in advance and order take out.  Don't waste your money on tip for the "service".  Oh one more thing.  Scared of bugs?  Don't sit at the table in the back by the restroom.  The ones were your feet goes in the floor.  I wore flip flops so my naked tootsies were hanging in the whole in the floor, when we had a little dinner guest.  A cockroach .  Bon appetite! 
....................................................................................
I've only been here once, and there were definitely more pros then cons.  We went on a Friday night,  and even though we thought it would be packed because it was nice out, it wasn't.  Nice comfortable interior.  Staff was polite and efficient.  I loved that they were all in traditional Japanese garb.  Everyone looked clean and neat.  We started with the Gyoza dumplings and the special appetizer for the evening seared scallops with miso glaze.  The Gyoza dumplings were  a rip off just like any other Japanese/Korean restaurant that serves it.  They're overly priced considering they're frozen.  [Yes they are frozen.]  You can make them at home and  WAY cheap if you go to H-Mart  [ check my review on H-mart to get directions] .  The scallops were SOOO good.  but I wonder if the presentation was deliberate.  It was the two of us, and there were 2 nice sized [ not huge ] scallops, and then a TINY 3rd one.  and I mean TINY.  What was the point?
For dinner we had the Dynamite Roll, Bunny Roll, Green River Roll, and what normally is called a Spider Roll is named something else here which I don't remember [ haha sorry folks!].  The Dynamite Roll was not impressive, to the point I can't even remember what was in it.  Bunny Roll, had broiled salmon and egg in it.  I've never in my life had salmon till I had the bunny roll, and I have got to say it wasn't bad!  Green River Roll was SOOOO good, it was basically a Dragon Roll at any other sushi place, but they had this seaweed crumb they rolled it in, the flavor was all there, and it left the palate very satisfied, the spider roll was less then great.  The cucumbers were cut way too thick, and they definitely didn't have enough spicy mayo sauce in it, leaving it dry , and tasteless.
For dessert we had the Japanese Garden.  Basically Green Tea ice cream sitting on top of Red beans, served with what they referred to as mochi.  If you've had mochi before you will know that they are a nice size ice cream ball wrapped with a thin chewy rice flour concoction. Well these mochi was just the rice flour rolled into tiny balls, and completely tasteless. 
I would definitely try this place again, just to explore the rest of the menu, and see what they have up their sleeves for specials next time.Visiting Philly from NYC, I picked the place at random & absent any glances at reviews. Was cautious before entering given the handful of customers for a sushi place, but it was a cold, rainy, Tuesday night, so I figured it was the weather & day of the week. SO GLAD I DECIDED TO GO IN.  I had a wonderful dinner & service, and partook of both sushi fare, as well as, a fabulous grilled sea bass special.  My company stuck with cooked items and was equally pleased. I don't get the bad reviews.....my criteria is far simpler. Would I go back?  Definitely.This used to be our favorite sushi place!  Recently though, they must have changed owners or something b/c it is horrible now!  We were only one of about 3 tables sitting in the restaurant when in the middle of our night our waitress (who seemed like she never even ate a piece of sushi in her life) quit, the food that did come out was all wrong and the rest never even made it to our table.  The owner was in a screaming match with the table next to ours while about a half a dozen take out customers stood around looking pissed off waiting for their food.  While we were waiting to pay for the apps that we did get, a group of guys stormed out and said "run!"  Pretty much the entire restaurant felt the same way.  The owner was unapologietic and downright nasty.  We will not be going back!Hikaru used to be my favorite go-to restaurant in the city.  Excellent service, and wonderful food. However, the past two times I have been there I was displaced and unable to enjoy my meal because obnoxious couples with children deemed it a "family restaurant", meaning that they do not have to control their children a la Chuckie Cheese. 
Tonight for the second time in a row I tried to eat there and had to end my meal early due to "family dining." 
I didn't realize that after a 20+ year history of serving sushi to Philadelphia (and me) they had changed their way of operating.
I am devastated that I will never be able to eat there again.
If you have unruly children and don't care about other diners, Hikaru will cater to you. If you would like a quiet, rewarding dining experience, I would advise you to go elsewhere.
If you have any suggestions for friendly service, reliable food quality and excellent specials, I am open to them. I will miss you Hikaru, over 20 years as a customer, and you lost me tonight.What the hell happened between 2013 and now? They completely obliterated their cocktails menu (even though the menu says they still exist), so sake, beer, and wine were among the few alcohol drinks I could order. The menu only has rolls. A separate menu at our table had pricing for individual sushi pieces. After some decent hot appetizers (miso glazed chilean sea bass, scallops), I foolishly ordered a bunch of sushi off that menu (mackerel, red snapper, white tuna, salmon, yellowtail, shiitake mushroom). How surprised I was to find that Hikaru has turned into JASP (just another sushi place) by producing "he-man"-sized sushi. What happened to the small, delicate pieces of sushi, the little bite-sized morsels that I remember? Why are they replaced with big rectangular pieces of fish poorly attached to a tiny amount of rice? What happened to the artistry? My piece of red snapper was stringy and inedible. I had to spit most of it out. My white tuna looked old. My foodie friend's big sushi rolls reminded me of that crappy place that went out of business: Jay's Sushi on 15th and Sansom.  If Hikaru keeps producing sushi like this, they will surely meet the same fate someday. Their food is the reason why they have almost no business on Monday nights.We're suckers for trying new sushi places, particularly when they partner up with Restaurant.com, but this one was a disappointment.  This is a fairly large restaurant, and it was half full on a Friday night at 8:00.  We were seated right away and then ignored for quite a while.  We ordered the sushi for two and a green river roll as an appetizer.  I specifically asked for it to come out before the sushi platter....fail.  The waitress had a bad attitude, like we were bothering her all night.  I had to flag her down for everything.  The service was poor to say the least.
The food on the other hand wasn't bad.  The cuts of fish were a nice size and the rolls tasted good.  I'm glad we had the certificate, because for what you get, the prices are high.  We just couldn't get over the bad service, and the restaurant itself feels a little dead on the inside, needs personality.Personally I thought the food was incredible here. I don't mind paying a lot for food as long as it earns it. Which it did. But this place needs another $ next to it's info because we had 2 rolls, two al la carte pieces of yellowtail, and a shrimp tempura dinner with 2 drinks and left with a $70 tab. But it was worth it 100% and the service is incredible. The best part were the servers could actually answer your questions with a thorough explanation. A+Went to Hikaru with my hubby on Tuesday night.Food was good , but service was HORRIBLE ! We were ignored and it wasn't even busy. The waitress didn't know the difference between food items , never got back to offer more drinks, never checked how was the food  and it took forever to get the bill.The service here was quite good, but I didn't have the overwhelming response to the food that others here have had... the rolls were nicely presented, and though my "Hell's Roll" (tuna, red pepper, spicy sauce, and asparagus) was an interesting combination, some of my traditional choices, such as the yellowtail & scallion, was underwhelming. 
The two stars are not because of anything overtly unacceptable; it's just that there wasn't anything that stood out from the experience... meh.This place was amazing!! The service was attentive and the food and decor were perfect.  My boyfriend and I had the sushi boat and some saki and we couldn't have been happier."Unsung hero"
Never showy, always high quality. Consistently friendly, even genteel. Priced right. A mellow place to enjoy a delicious, easy-going meal of sushi, ton katsu, soba with tempura, etc. made by people who truly know what they're doing. They make every experience a delight.
HUGE BONUS POINTS FOR ALWAYS SERVING SOUP HOT. Why is this so hard for other restaurants to master???
DOUBLE BONUS POINTS for their dessert special of mochi with ice cream. I recently got the mochi with chocolate ice cream and it was presented in a mesmerizing lacquered box. It was like opening a present!I prefer the Manayunk location because of the Hibachi grill. But the other location off South Street is great for lunch or a sushi dinner, too.
The South Street locations has a great interior: pebble floors, private rooms where you sit on the floor, and a large sushi bar. 
They have great lunch specials, and I definitely recommend the Negimaki.Although I have to come back to try some more of their food. The place already sold me on the pillow seatings and scallops. LOL. I know. I just love the pan seared scallops, which were super delicious, juicy, melt in your mouth. Overall, a nice place to go eat. I would definitely come back.Truth be told I'm just not a fan of of sushi or most Asian food (despite being Asian). I will say however Hikaru is pretty decent. I especially enjoy their house rolls -- California King Roll, Hell's Roll, any of them. I'm fond of the spicy rolls.
The service is adequate, nothing spectacular and although sushi tends to be on the pricey side, I've always been comfortable with the check at the end of the meal here.This restaurant is a mystery to me. I started going to Hikaru in the fall of 2005. It was really great. Not only food was great, especially raw fish (they fly their fish from Japan) but the service, too, was personal and pleasant. The same waiters used to work all the time; they were Japanese (I think), they wore ethnic clothes and they remembered what their customers like. Then they gradually left about three years ago or so and, although the food is still good, the atmosphere is lost. The restaurant is indeed mostly empty (every time we pass we are happy to see at least some people). The neighborhood people continue to patronize it (I see many of my neighbors there) but the restaurant doesn't advertise or even post its menu on Menu Pages. They don't change their old fashioned menu and they don't seem to care about their image. At the same time, there are always fresh flowers on the tables and in a hallway (a mark of a classy place for me) and the fish is still fresh and good (we usually eat sushi and sashimi, rarely cooked dishes). We still go there at least once every month or two, and I'd like them to stay in business, although I wish they acknowledged that it's time for change and made an effort to improve service.I'm so surprised by the mixed reviews here. I can see why people wouldn't dig the semi-traditional service and decor which feels semi authentic, but aside from that, the food is killer... I mean, craveworthy, amazing. Some of the menu items may seem run of the mill, but I'll give you my tips on the bad ass dishe as an ex-employee who has worked here and morimoto, and would still choose hikaru.
Appetizer - hokkaido spring roll (order 2, you'll want more than 1 order), Agedofu
Lunch menu - RAMEN. GET IT. not sure if they serve it during dinner, but ask anyway.
Rolls - Hells Roll, Hang on Salmon Roll (with raw salmon), American Dream Roll
Cooked Item - Grilled Yellowtail neck dinnerThis hurts me to write this review. Truly hurts. I used to love Hikaru -- 6 years ago. I used to go all the time. The bright airy atmosphere was matched only by fresh fish. Tonight, after ordering toro, the steak of sushi, I was presented with fish I had to spit out and spelled sour, according to my waitress and like spoiled meat to me. As a result, I can only recommend that you avoid this place, for your own health. (I am a little queasy as I write this review.) Sam Z's remarks below are completely accurate.
Hikaru is located off of South Street. But what used to be a bright airy vibe has been replaced by a very dark restaurant -- i.e., no lights at all. Second, scary problem, there are no customers. None. None at all, and it's on South Street.
Our food included some very good Miso Soup, and excellent salad and foul smelling raw fish. After pointing out the fact that I had been served nearly deadly raw fish, all that was comp'ed as the fish. I couldn't stand to be in the restaurant any longer. 
(We also ordered tempura, which included onions and bell peppers -- who does that? and limp shrimp shumai. The Green tea ice cream was low quality and the hot sake had a sour note.)
Unfortunately, after that, the service, which was slow and indifferent to begin with, ground to a halt. I waited 5-10 minutes just to get the server to take my cash payment.
That means after $80 of sushi that made me immediately ill upon smelling and eating it, I had to wait to leave.  This could be your experience. They seemed indifferent and unsurprised about mine. As a result, you should avoid a place that used to be a favorite. (I know, I loved this place in 2006, when it earned that Zagat rating, but nothing about this place looks the way it did then.)
Avoid this place. Philly has too many great sushi restaurants to have a bad meal. And the current folks at Hikaru seem indifferent to what could be your bad experience. It seems that most of the Queens Village locals that crowded this place have voted with their feet and left, which should be your course of action as well.Although it describes itself as an authentic Japanese restaurant, I feel that I have had better sushi from those fake sushi-Chinese restaurants that are popping up everywhere. Came on a Saturday during dinner time, and the place is empty. Service seemed slow, and the food took a while to come out. This place might be good out of convenience if you live nearby, but not worth a trip into the city.
We ordered some standard rolls (Philadelphia, spider, eel) and they were okay. Note that their philly roll is crab stick, cream cheese, and cucumber. If you're looking for salmon and cream cheese, order the Scandinavian roll. We also ordered two special rolls that were again, just okay. Also had a teriyaki plate that came with salad and soup. Their teppanyaki (hibachi) experience might be better and they have cute little rooms with the low tables, but the dinner I had didn't impress me enough to make me want to go back.Before I became entranced with fusion Japanese restaurants like Morimoto and Zama, I was a very simple girl with simple tastes. I loved classic Edo-style sushi done well and this is what Hikaru gave me with every visit. There are no flashy cuts of fish, day-old fish drowned in excess spicy mayo, or mammoth nigiri pieces fit for a typical chunky-sized American. What you have at Hikaru is how sushi and sashimi is supposed to be done, I'm told time and again by people who've been to Japan. The Hamaguri Butter Yaki (butter-fried clams) were very, very good and the Negimaki (beef wrapped scallions) were excellent as usual. My Super Deluxe Nigiri platter contained a wonderful balance of familiar (tuna and salmon) to the exotic (sea urchin and salmon roe) with a wonderful little eel roll that is so much better than the plain tuna rolls in nigiri platters in other sushi restaurants. My friend Chris' Assorted Sashimi Combination was a feast for two even though it was meant for one. The octopus was especially good. Sometimes the classics are the best and Hikaru is truly a classic.I'm half and half with this place. really nice atmosphere and very sweet staff and the food is great when you dine in... but the food is a bit over priced for me and isn't always consistent when you get take-out. sorry