Stayed one night for business.  Wallpaper pealing, room was dirty, and noisy!  Door locks don't latch unless you slam them.  Dropped remote which fell under bed.  Wish I didn't look under there!  DIRTY, sock under there, and child toys.  Chocolate on desk and big chocolate stain on carpet (at least I hope it was chocolate).  Not impressed.Meh
Overall it's just nice 
Room is just nice
Gym is lacking
Breakfast is just ok
Bed-comfortable 
$1200 hold on my card that wasn't mentioned during check in??? That's cool, just tell me about it.
Overall decent value
Initial room was absolutely wreaked of weed, they put us in a new room right away. 
Housekeeping didn't do a great job cleaning while here.Stayed here late May 2015. We're getting married in 2016 & thought it would be a good idea to experience the hotel prior to booking a room block. We had housekeeping issues (garbage not thrown out, linen & coffee not refilled, & who knows what else). We didn't complain bc we figured people have their off days. However on Monday while attempting to shower, there was no water. There was no call to let us know they were going to shut the water off...eventually I had to call. That delay made us late for a wedding apt, which was upsetting. We rolled with the punches & was promised a free night for the water inconvenience by Brian Sheridan, manager. When I didn't see the credit on my bill I called Mr Sheridan & he called me back 2 days later on 6/17 letting me know that the credit will appear. I trusted him even after 2 weeks of not seeing the credit. I called back left my message, but didn't hear back. Finally on 7/31, yes it's July now, I spoke to the owners secretary, who was very nice, & promised to pass the message on to Mr. Sheridan. He finally called me back on 8/3, but I missed that call. Now it's 8/7, left two messages without a response. Any advice on how to proceed from here? I'm sure Mr Sheridan is hoping that after all this effort I will drop the issue. Yet, my extreme disappointment in not receiving a credit that I was promised is infuriating. It also makes Mr Sheridan not trustworthy. It's bad business to promise something that you will not deliver. Long story short, do not stay here...bad service, which starts from management and trickles down. It's worth spending a little extra to stay downtown. I gave it two stars bc the desk staff was friendly.Was there for an event just recently and was very pleased. The food was great , the staff was attentive and the libations  and Margaritas created by Vincent the bartender were the best I've ever had at a banquet event! Overall excellent experience!!!While staff is friendly and professional, amenities lacked. $9.95 a day for internet that did not work? Very disappointed. Even as a Hilton Honors member- ... would not stay again.uhh Foster K.. you dont stay here if you're trying to vacation in the city.. if you did your research you would know that its not in center city, if thats where you want to go.. its not supposed to be near anything touristy. the point is, this is the best hotel in the area of the main line/city ave. its great for staying for business, conventions... etc. the sixers training facility is right next door. when allen iverson played for the sixers, this is where he spent most of his time- he had his own room. 
i saw mike jones, the rapper once here
and cameron diaz and justin timberlake were here when she was filming "in her shoes", they did a scene in the bar. 
they just redid the bar and it looks cool and contemporary
its a great place for main liners to have bar mitzvahs because its very close to the main line but you get the big city hotel feel. 
delmonicos steak house is delicious, and you get a breakfast included
they also have the homewood suites for extended stay and make you feel at home.Ouch.  Not sure why the Hilton chain put their brand name on this one.  Definitely not up to the standards of a Hilton.
I don't want to be too hard on the staff - they definitely tried to give good service.  But you can see that they are trying hard to forget that they are in a crumbling, smelly, outdated version of the hotel that they thought they'd be staffed in when they got their degree in hospitality management.
The hotel is close to absolutely nothing (unless you count Walgreens and Target) and I don't even remember if they have a restaurant.  I spent the night in my room doing work, and not because I had to!
Definitely worth avoiding if possible.The view is of a concrete reservoir. The lights beneath the "Hilton" sign are burned out. The chandelier in the elevator is missing nearly all of its crystals, so it's literally just a couple flickering CFL bulbs. They charge you out the nose for WiFi (that's right, no free WiFi) and parking. 
Also, I stayed at a Hampton a couple weeks ago and they had a good free breakfast. This shabby Hilton charges you $15.
Nickel-and-diming customers is NOT luxury. Folding a triangle in your toilet paper and paying a poor immigrant minimum wage to open the entrance door is NOT luxury. This place is clearly phoning it in and trading in on a name.
I was hesitant to stay here in the first place because I didn't want to give more money to a certain sleazy spoiled racist heiress. But the main reason not to stay at a Hilton hotel is that it's a straight up ripoff.The rooms are nice, staff "friendly" but horrifically inattentive. For fun I timed my wait in a nearly empty Hotel bar - to get a second beverage and put in food order. At this point I am still waiting nearly one hour. Have been here a couple of times - same issue - different people. Have not stayed across the street at crown plaza but it has to be better. 
I recommend staying elsewhere - as the service is not worth the bar cost or room cost.Stayed at this hotel for the first time.  Would not stay again or recommend.  Due to the following reasons:
Checked in late around 1am, had to wait at the desk for 15 mins while the obese front desk employee  had to be called and paged repeatedly by the security guys.  When she finally showed up no apology that myself and another guy were left waiting while she wasn't at her primary place of duty.
Upon entering the room the TV didn't work, would have been more annoying if it weren't late and I was tired from traveling.
At 9:30am the house keeping lady annoyingly knocked on the door checking on my status.  Upon checking in I requested  a late 1pm check out since I was tired and was planing on sleeping as late as my body would allow.  Not to mention its a Saturday morning.  I guess I was partially at fault for not hanging a do not disturb sign but I am accustom to staying in places that when information is related to the front desk that that information very quickly makes its way to support staff so that a customers stay is convenient, comfortable and uninterrupted. 
The only reason I chose to stay at this hotel was based on proximity, limited personal transportation and based on where I needed to be that morning.
Bathroom and Bedding were fine.  Security guys were helpful - thanks.
Average hotel with BELOW average service.Hilton hotels are the standard that all hotels should live up to.  The rooms are exceptional, the entire hotel is excellent and Delmonico's (in house restaurant) is exceptional.This is primarily a review of the two-section restaurant housed at the hotel. My colleague and I had three meals in the restaurant: breakfast, lunch, and dinner, and the best word that I can think of to describe our experience with the waitstaff at each meal is *indifference*. Our dinner server had a flat, uninterested affect. His recommendations were particularly peculiar. For example, my colleague asked for a recommendation for the best side accompaniment, and the server recommended the broccoli. It turned out to be an enormous bowl of $8 steamed, unseasoned broccoli leaving us scratching our heads as to how it earned his recommendation.
At breakfast, it took forever for a server to come over to give us a check. I eventually needed to go to the front station and ask them to bring over a check. 
Lunch was by far the worst. It took 40 minutes to serve us. As trainers at an event that was also held at the hotel, we tried to explain to the server that we were on a tight schedule, but whenever we began to speak to him, or had a request to make, he walked away before we could complete what we needed to say.
We were left with the feeling that the waitstaff was completely indifferent to our patronage. I reported this to the Hotels director of catering, and he explained that the staff was recovering from a particularly busy weekend. I really don't understand; it does not explain the staff disinterest in our patronage and making us feel like a burden to the waitstaff at every shift. 
With so many other great dining options in Philly, it's worth it to look elsewhere.The hotel staff is always friendly, clean rooms, convenient to restaurants. My only suggestion is they need to open for coffee and breakfast earlier for those who hit the road early. The coffee is never out and available until after 6:30.I give this hotel one star ONLY for housekeeping.  And by that I mean our room was clean.  There were only two towels in it though, and we had two adults and two kids.
My problems started before I even got there.  We were travelling from out of town for a wedding.  There was a block of rooms we could reserve from at a discounted rate so naturally I took advantage of this.  When I called the Wednesday before we would be checking in (on a Saturday) to check on my reservation and request we be placed on the same floor as others, they mysteriously had lost my reservation.  So I did another one, but SHOCKER, the blocked room rate had expired.  So now I was having to pay $100 more a night.  I was seriously pissed.   My children were in the actual wedding and this is the hotel where all the getting ready was happening so I didn't have much of a choice to stay elsewhere, plus, everywhere else close was booked.  No apologies, I was even called "Cheap" and suggested I stay at the "motel 6 by the airport" and hung up on.  I finally got a room reserved at $239 a night.  Ugh.  
Upon check in, the valet guy was EXTREMELY rude to me.  I had my son with my and my daughter and husband were at a relatives home.  We had gone to check in and get everything settled so we wouldn't have to do it later.  I told him I was just checking in and would be back in 5 minutes, if he wanted to go park the car just to turn around and go get it then that was entirely up to him.  I was told that if I was checking in then I would need to stay at the hotel.   Excuse me?
At the front desk I encountered Jessica.  I asked about being on the same floor as our other family members and rather than admit  had made a mistake and had NOT noted our accounts as previously requested, she simply told me that my relatives had cancelled their stays.......   Whatever
The room was...ok.  The beds were comfy and things seemed clean.  There were only two towels.  TV worked intermittently.   There is no vent in the bathroom so when you take a hot shower everything fogs up immediately and gets very hot and steamy.  This is what we believe is the cause of the wallpaper we found in the living area to be peeling and covered in mold.  
I had called Saturday around 7:30 for extra towels and a couple blankets because my kids were camping out on the floor.   After an hour passed, I called again.  It took almost two hours.  Then the next morning I had a message saying they were trying to deliver my towels and blankets and that they got no answer at our door so they left them outside the door.  Which was just a straight lie.   First of all, why would you deliver those things the morning after I needed them?  2nd, there was nothing outside my door, and when you say you came by and knocked, we were all there.  They didnt even realize that, even though late, someone had made it up there the night before.   Again, whatever.
The pool......  Sure.  there is a cute little indoor pool.  It is tiny, which is fine.   People dont travel to this hotel to play in the pool.  It is a nice little amenity, but not necessary.  But if you are going to have a pool, for the love of Pete, take care of it.  Water was absolutely disgusting.  My daughter who is just over 3 feet was standing in the water and I couldnt even see her feet.  The pool deck is made out of the most ridiculous tile that might as well be a sheet of ice when it gets wet.  I cannot tell you how many people fell just walking on the surface, including myself, who didnt even get in the pool, and both of my kids.  Walking, not running.  The towels they leave out for you, which again, is a nice bonus, had holes in them and I am not sure the last time they had been washed was.
The hallways and lobby of this hotel are not air conditioned.   It was 95 degrees over the weekend.  Getting ready for a wedding, going in between rooms and getting kids ready, was a disaster in the heat.  Why on earth you can't spring for AC in the hallways I will never understand.   Also, the vending/ice room, hotter than hades.  
Checkout sucked.  They tried to charge me for things that were not mine, like bottles of wine, souvenir mugs, a bunch of crap that didn't belong to me.  Valet was rude, once again.
The final charge that came out of my credit card was over $600 and I am still not even sure what for.  What was supposed to be a $300 room stay turned into double that, and a horrible experience.  I think it is safe to say that we will never ever stay in this hotel ever again.  
Oh and we saw mice in the hallway as well.  :)The rooms are recently renovated to sort of look like W Hotels, with a glass half-door on the shower and waterfall head, etc.  As such, they are very nice, in a modern kind of way.  Overall, the facility is in very good shape, and the restaurant/bar is very nice.
The service, on the other hand, leaves much to be desired:
* The front desk promised (and charged me for) a "Deluxe King" room, but it was identical to the "Standard King" room in which my son was staying.  When I raised the issue, they reduced my rate to that of a Standard King.
* It took me three calls and two hours to get a TV remote that worked.
* The front desk rarely answers the phone, and when you go there, you find they are generally understaffed.  A manager assured us they are working on this issue and hope to have it resolved soon.
* The one bright light was the bellman (Thomas) and the valet parking attendants, who retrieved the car quickly and efficiently.Overall, a good stay. While my executive floor room was very nice and comfortable, I found the hallways to be a little worse for wear. The carpet, particularly was really old, and the walls had been scuffed by one too many carts pushed by one too many servers. 
The restaurant offered a solid, a little better than hotel food food. My first glass of wine was sour and came from a clearly aged bottle that was opened a while ago. The second glass was better, but maybe I was too tipsy from the first glass to tell the difference. 
One thing I did notice is that there is a pond across from the hotel. From my room it looked alright, and it even had some geese (Holden Caulfied would have been happy here.). However, when I went outside on the second day, the overwhelming sewer smell was impenetrable. After everyone in the car accused everyone else of being gassy, we opened the windows to get some fresh air. That's when we realized the fresh air was not so fresh. It did not kill the stay, but it was one of those powerful moments where it affects the experience. 
I will stay here again as the office is close by and I am a Hilton brat, but I do appreciate something a little more polished.PROS: Went here for a church event over the weekend and everything went well.  The hotel staff were helpful, lobby restrooms were clean, and valet parking $10 was fine.  The manager came in and asked how everything was going.  The food was prepared very well.  Chicken was tender and apple crisp with ice cream on point.  
CONS:  There is a small driveway and several steps to the entrance so people were crowded waiting for their vehicles if you paid for valet.  Also, we could hear another events music over the guest speakers voices at times.This is the worst, i would hope others in the Hilton Chain are better..but i would not patronize this named hotel esp at this location.. the parking area is a big issue..atrocious..as quite a few have said..the employees that they use are both demeaning, nasty  who i've heard saying hateful things about america and americans ... it in my opinion is the worst of the place. The facility is just ok..the parking is way beyond where the valets are and you just wait basically forever..and also i know that the Hotel does not treat their personnel well..so as bad as some of the services are in a small way i cannot blame them in that regard..the service is bad altogether attitude wise and more..but it comes from the top down..and reflects in their employees.   I would not go here or would hesitate going to any Hilton Hotel..I loved the hotel. The rooms were great, the bar was active and the restaurant was decent.
I knocked off one star for the Un-friendliness of the staff and another star for the valet guys.
Note to valet folks: the first guy to give you a ticket, should be the FIRST guy to get his car.......not the last. Excusing your lack of organization on being busy, holds about as much water as our California reservoirs!!!!
Not sure why I tipped the guy.....still pissed at myself!!
Note to Hilton  Manager who came out and asked the staff if they needed help....and was told no...... You knew they needed help and yet you allowed the valet to talk you out if it. You should know better. That's like asking a lion with a gazelle in his paws if he's hungry!!!  Being all about the tip is never good customer service!!We had a large family event going on from Oct 10-13, 2014 at this hotel , and we put about half the guests in the Hilton, and the other half in the adjoining Homewood Suites.  Folks who stayed at the Hilton all complained of appalling chairs in their rooms that I'm sure Conrad Hilton would roll over in his grave if he had seen.  Chunks of leather are missing from these ancient chairs that are all split and cracked - literally these were junk throw-out chairs, the kind you see in an alley someplace.  Just what is the GM thinking at this place? How can you have furniture like this out there with a Hilton name on it.  We were also billed at the Hilton for confirmed cancelled reservations from another family member and am still trying to get credit for that. Then the Homewood Suites gave me ZERO points even though I am a Hilton Diamond and booked the room at the double points rate on the Hilton website, and also paid for everything with the Hilton Amex card.Horrible service and very noisy.  I asked for a wake up call and taxi at the front desk the day before I was leaving for a 6:00 a.m. flight.  I then called guest services at 10:00 p.m. to confirm I had a wake up call and cab for the following morning.  Luckily I also say my own alarm because I did not get a wake up call and no cab.  I stayed here for 3 nights and could clearly here every conversation, t.v, etc. from the rooms surrounding mine.  I would not recommend this hotel to anyone.This hotel is great.
The staff is friendly, the rooms are clean and comfy, there was pineapple/strawberry infused water in the lobby and a continental breakfast!
I really enjoyed my stay here. the clerk even called after we had checked in to make sure we were properly settled. The one drawback is that there is NO parking. ALSO, the internet is not free which sucks.
all in all. great stay for the price.I'm pretty sure archeologists have discovered ancient caves that had faster wifi than this hotel.  
The hotel is nice enough.  So enjoy all it has to offer because connecting to the outside world is not going to be easy.  I can still hear netflix laughing at my attempts to load a movie.I spent my 100th night this year in a Hilton branded property at this one. 
So I have a few I can compare it to...
The service- definitely four stars, turn down service, helpful concierge, reasonable valet parking, and nice front desk staff
Amenities- The executive level perks are better than most domestic Hilton's these days as its one of the few I've been to lately that still offers complimentary happy hour drinks from 5-8 daily and a nice snack selection as well.  I had dinner at Delmonico and the steak was much better than average hotel restaurant fare!
The rooms- Mine was a nice corner room, a little bigger than average with a comfortable king size bed, good bath amenities, 37" flat panel TV, and a nice view of the reservoir and downtown. Ample plug ins, wi-fi, and of course Lavazza coffee maker.
This is a business hotel, so don't expect golf, spa, etc, but they do what they do well and the prices are reasonable all within easy reach of downtown.No rooms available when checking in - had bags held and they "lost" them and then found them. Very unorganized. I reserved a King Bed and got 2 Doubles?! I asked for a low floor and got one near the top of the building. When I tried to call the front desk - the front desk NEVER answered the phone. The best part of staying here are the bellmen and it's a shame they do not run the place! Kuddos to those helping everyone with their bags from the curb, opening the doors. They are a pleasure but otherwise the place is very disappointing.I'm reviewing the Hilton's events department only. I've attended several events at the Hilton City Avenue including a wedding and a few banquets and have been satisfied on every occasion. Most recently I attended a conference, which spanned several days and required the Hilton to execute quick room setups, continental breakfast, a buffet lunch and an evening reception. Randy, from the events department, is magnificent. He really helped to seamlessly coordinate our needs. The food was delicious. Breakfast was an average continental but the buffet lunch (chicken marsala, salmon and eggplant parmesan) and evening reception stations were fantastic. The evening reception included pot sticker, pasta, fajita, carving and dessert stations, which were also fantastic and still a cut above standard hotel fare. Well done Hilton.First let me say I've been to worse hotels with mice running around my feet. This place is not that bad. But it's basically a vertical motel. I'll just fire off my complaint: breakfast sausage so salty it raises your blood pressure. Bacon soggy and oily. Morning coffee bitter, evening coffee good, omelets made with horrible egg mix, and too dry. Served spoiled oysters at night, threw them up, offered nothing, had to fight for refund, no Americans working at the hotel, smeared dirt and hair on shower stall, everyone superficially nice without substance, just like Paris Hilton. Fatty filet mignon. Bogus 5 star eval of hotel steakhouse with only 9 reviews. You should have to have 100 reviews to get a 5 star review. On the positives room service was courteous and fast, food served quickly, valet service good, bed looked clean and comfortable. Renovated room. It's just a shame that you can't trust the food.Horrible. The Hilton's have clearly become more concerned with their own comforts than that of their customers. Never again. Self park is 2 blocks away, leather chairs are falling apart, chandeliers have broken bits of crystal dangling from the ceiling, theirs a giant construction site for a view, and I was put right next door to the electrical room. Wow. Total Fail. The only thing this hotel has going for it is there's bed where I can sleep. Not worth the $$$- stay at home wood suites next door. Their half the price and 4 stars. WTF.Called room service 10 mins before closing and no one picked up. Terrible customer service- called downstairs after the fact and they said it's closed. Bad service all around-I recently stayed here for 9 nights while visiting Philadelphia with my husband.  We stay at a lot of hotels and a number of Hiltons, and this Hilton was a pleasure.  The best part of staying here was the room and the staff.
The room is very modern, new and clean.  I was in the room a number of times when housekeeping was cleaning it and they did a thorough job.  
The front desk was very accommodating and took care of the couple of extra items I needed immediately. 
I highly recommend you valet park your car at the hotel.  It's really not that much more than self parking, and the valet staff is well worth tipping when they bring your car to the front door. I usually hate to valet at a hotel, but this is the exception.  These guys are wonderful.   Self parking is down the  street a bit and is an option.  
The only item on my wish list for this hotel is that they had fresh coffee in the lobby in the morning.  I don't want to go to the hotel restaurant and I don't like to use the room coffee pot.  This Hilton is leaving money on the table by not having a coffee bar in the lobby. Rooms do have a fully stocked coffee pot station however, and it isn't in the bathroom - always a bonus!  Also, if you take a left out of the hotel, there's a Starbucks down the street by Target.  
There are a number of good restaurant options nearby.  If you're looking for a healthy option, I loved Honeygrow, which is very close.  There are also a lot of chain restaurants nearby and the lovely Saffron Indian Kitchen.  We would definitely stay here in the future.In town for business and given this hotel as a choice due to location. Initially upon check in, valet service was poor. Unloaded my vehicle myself and had to wait for assistance and they were not busy. Room was okay. Fairly clean, but dusty. Had to have housekeeping come up and vacuum and dust my room. A little disappointed with that experience. One night while staying at the hotel, a big event was occurring so it made the valet service chaotic. Front desk service was okay, but disappointed in the valet service, considering some mornings they did not answer the telephone to have my vehicle brought up before I came downstairs, which resulted in me waiting in the mornings.Terrible stay here.  Valet/bellhop barely acknowledged our arrival.  Our credit card was declined at check in because the (civil but not friendly) desk clerk queued in an amount that was 100 times the bill!  She later denied this when asked about it.  
Room is fine, but basic/smallish for the price.  Dirty towels left on floor by cleaners.  Some towels taken and not replaced.  Coffee packets in room consistently only decaf.  No sound proofing - our room was near the elevator and there were people screaming right outside our door all night.
Filthy pool - literally a tampon floating in it.  Murky water.  Reported it and nothing done, manager not even informed.  
Wifi is really poor, very very slow.
Small lobby, always lots of events going on.  Our family sat quietly and tried to eat a small, neat takeout meal there.  The manager asked us to leave, offered nowhere else for us to sit.  
Also issues with tv - we don't usually watch but because we were kicked out of the lobby.... The signal was intermittent, causing constant distortions making it pretty miserable to watch.  This was consistent across channels.
Housekeeping literally entered our room when we were sleeping!  They did knock first but we weren't awake yet and we assumed they were knocking on another door, since we were scheduled to leave that morning.
I think the main issue is they don't have enough lobby space to accommodate both hotel and event guests.  There was a wedding going on while we were checking in, and it took a long time.  Kids were sitting quietly in lobby with luggage during that time and they said they got some dirty looks, felt like they were dressed inappropriately.  This seems to be what happened the next night when we were eating - there were event guests in formal clothing while we were in jeans, eating, which clearly wasn't the atmosphere they wanted to provide for their event attendees.Older Hilton and when I arrived, the self parking lot is not clear.  I had to valet, which was not a huge issue since it was only $10.  Restaurant was closed at when I arrived at 11:00 and not much close by to eat other than fast food.  The bed was fine, but really didn't offer much other amenities for the price.stayed here for an Osler General Surgery Oral Boards review course for 3 night.
staff was very gracious & accommodating.
room was lovely with an excellent view.
i particularly liked the option to use the digital key on my phone via the Hilton app to unlock the elevator & my room door.
if you'd like a nice view of western Philadelphia & the reservoir, take an odd-numbered room on the upper floors.Where do I begin to start with the saga of this past weekend. Booked this hotel through a third party about a month prior for this past labor weekend for 2 nights for the Made in America Festival. The reservation was confirmed through the third party a few days before arrival. I get to the hotel early before the usual check in time of 4 since I was anticipating a rush for the holiday weekend. I get there Saturday afternoon about 1:15pm. 
Get to the check in area are there is only 1 person working, Jessica. I give her my name and she proceeds to tell me that she doesn't see me in the system and am I sure I booked with this Hilton. I then begin to look at her like she has 5 heads as steam begins to rise out of my head and pull out my phone to show her my confirmation. I asked her to confirm this is the hotel and the address and she does. But she continues to tell me that she doesn't see me in the computer and that they are completely booked and there's nothing she can do. While she is doing this she is also answering several phones calls, writing notes, and trying to move on to the people behind us even though we are still talking. 
I call the third party and they confirm I have a reservation. They then call the hotel and speak to Jessica. We also send the hotel manager an email as Jessica requested, the manager never got back to us. After speaking to the company all of a sudden there is a room available even though they were supposedly all booked up. 
They give us one of the newly renovated rooms at least. It looks nice and it is clean. It takes me at least 40 minutes calm down from the whole ordeal. 
It continues. In the morning while still in bed we can hear housekeeping speaking loudly in the hallway. You can hear just about everything that is going on out there. When the room next door took a shower you could hear the shower loudly in our room right next to the bed. The walls are so thin. 
Upon check out they tried to charge my credit card again for the room. I had to remind them that I already paid prior to checking in. The staff is a mess. The hotel looks nice but it is a hallow facade. I won't be back. Not worth the aggravation.During our stay, numerous other guests and I experienced absolutely unacceptable customer service.  Our treatment was particularly egregious because we were with a wedding party that had a block of 65 rooms and arranged a private brunch for over 100 people, spending a substantial amount of money at the hotel.
First, before returning to the hotel after the wedding, the family of the bride called ahead to ensure that the bar would remain open for the guests to gather.  Despite assurances that it would, the bar was shut down shortly after everyone arrived, and the head of security unceremoniously kicked everyone out of the bar and then the lobby.  While we understood that a bar has the right to set its business hours and make poor business decisions, guests had traveled from around the country to spend time together, so the gathering moved to the guest rooms.
Shortly thereafter, a few guests picked up alcohol to bring to the guest rooms, but were prevented from doing so by the head of security.  Indeed, the head of security even searched some guests' bags to determine whether there was alcohol in them, which he had no right to do.  I want to be perfectly clear - these were adults, well over the legal drinking age, who had rooms in the hotel, and who were not behaving rudely or in an intoxicated manner.  Further, we were explicitly told that there had been no noise complaints in the hotel. 
Despite our repeated requests, we were never given a straight answer as to why we could not bring the alcohol to our guest rooms (and actually, another member of the security team acknowledge that this was inappropriate).  Instead, the manager called the police and physically barred us from returning to our guest rooms.  I'm told the police arrived later and immediately left because the call was ridiculous.  Meanwhile, the receptionist was literally screaming at the father of groom.  I was unable to ascertain exactly what she was saying, but it was extremely unprofessional and uncalled for, particularly because he was speaking reasonably with her and the other hotel employees.
Needless to say, I will never return to this location, and will think twice about returning to any Hilton hotel.Horrible service. Was unable to check in to room and ended up late for a wedding due to staff not letting guests into rooms. Computer system was down and restarted over 5 times, took over 45 minutes, and they refused to use a master key to let guests into room temporarily. Staff was rude vs. helpful and understanding when wedding guests showed their frustration.
Will never come back again.Had to stay for 2 nights w/ my mom due to an emergency at our home.  Room only had one bed, it should of had two.  I was tired and pre-occupied so I didn't complain.  I ended up sleeping on the chair in the room.  It was a comfortable chair, but no bed.  Our room did have a view of the water reservoir, which impressed my mom...but not me.  Now that I think about it, this place probably ruined Hilton hotels for me.  Not because of the bed issue, but because for the price I really didn't get anything special.Room is clean and quite.  Restaurant food was good.   Bar served day old wine from previously opened bottle and they opened fresh bottle with no pushback.  Gym got job done.  Downside-where is anything in relation to this hotel?  It's across from the water treatment plant.  Nothing is around here.I chose this hotel due to its proximity to the office I was visiting for work and because it is a Hilton. Unfortunately they did not live up to any Hilton standards.  At check in I mentioned I was here for two nights on business even tho the reservation said one. She said she would fix it. She barely spoke English and of course the next morning I get an invoice under my door showing I was to depart. I called the front desk and they said they said to stop by so they could take care of it. She took several minutes to check me out of the room re-ask me for my cc and then re checked me in with a new key.  Why?  I have no idea but I stayed in the same room. I get back from work at 4;30pm to find they JUST started to clean the room. I said to just leave towels and forget cleaning because I had to shower and change. They never left me towels. Again had to call the front desk and wait for towels.   If u have other options in the city...Take them instead. I won't be advising my co workers to stay here. They are just to disorganized.I booked the honeymoon suite in the hotel for my April 2014 wedding, based on their location, which was very convenient to our venue.  They were able to accommodate all my guests needing hotel rooms, allowed us to leave gift bags for our guests, and cooperated with our shuttle service.
There is parking on the premises, though there is an extra fee for this.  I wish it had been included.
The room itself was clean, very spacious, nicely decorated.  For a honeymoon suite it is actually one huge bedroom with attached bath, which then is adjoined to the next room, consisting of another bathroom and a large living room area.  For bridal parties wanting to get ready in one room all together, or have hair/makeup done, I could see this being a great option given the size of the space and the 2 bathrooms.
My critique is that, it was our honeymoon suite, and we paid a LOT of money for it, but weren't given any special treatment.  No sign on the door, no rose petals, no folded towels, no card in the room, NOTHING at all to acknowledge that we had chosen this hotel for our special night.  We just were spending our first married night in an extra-large hotel room.  Then, we had breakfast in the lobby restaurant in the morning, and again this wasn't included.  Especially being our wedding night the least they could have done was comped our breakfast, or given us some kind of discount, acknowledgement, maybe an on-the-house mimosa, SOMETHING.  
Again, the hotel itself is fine for a business trip or regular overnight, but for your special occasion I was really hoping they would treat us like we were special and not just regular guests.  We paid hundreds of dollars for this one night and it didn't feel like a honeymoon at all.This was certainly not a bad experience, but was in no means outstanding. When checking in, you are presented with a soft pretzel for each person in your room. There was also a cooler of strawberry mint water for "refreshing" downstairs. Amenities include an indoor pool, workout room, Delmonico's steakhouse, and a lounge/bar.
My bed was comfortable enough and the room was tastefully decorated. Interaction with staff was minimal but pleasant. The view is of the nearby reservoir and Center City from a distance. We ended up walking to the nearby Chili's since there weren't many other restaurants close by.
Cons: WIFI is not free, pool closes at 10PM, street parking difficult at times, valet parking is $5 or $10I attended a conference at this hotel, though I stayed at the adjacent Homewood Suites because it has far better reviews.   That said, the conference facilities seemed quite good.  The gym, which is shared by both facilities, was small but adequate.   My friend stayed here and said the chair in her room looked like it was an original, which is not only funny as hell but also consistent with the comments from other reviewers.   Looks like this place could benefit from getting rid of some of the ancient, antiquated furniture and investing in some updates.  
The bar was nice though the prices were high.  And the female bartender was pretty lame.   Frank was better, with a much more appropriate pour.  
All of the staff with whom I interacted were friendly.   But I wouldn't stay here, with the far better Homewood Suites next door.I wouldn't have stayed here but the party I came with already booked this location so I had to follow suite. I was fortunate enough to find street parking, even though I had to walk a bit. I wasn't able to get an early check in... that sucked. When I finally did get up to my room I had one queen bed when I asked for two! Double suck. After a long day out, I called and asked if they had microwaves... front desk attendant told me that they don't and they would be losing money if they kept a microwave on site because they have a restaurant on site. I'm pretty sure that wasn't what she supposed to tell me... I was disgusted. Smh. I won't be returning.Truly disappointed in our recent (almost) stay at the Hilton in Philadelphia. We reserved a crib and when we got there they told us they had no more and were first come first serve. This is not where on their website. After I explained to them I have a 10 month who needs a place to sleep they offered to bring in a twin bed and put it on the floor! When I said, for safety reasons, that would not work and what other suggestions they had, they told me they do not get involved in personal matters. They never once offered to check with a different Hilton in the city to see if we could move there. After I asked to cancel my reservation because I would need to switch to another hotel they said they could not do this because I needed to do it two days in advance. However, two days before I had no idea they would run out of cribs. I was truly disappointed in the customer service I received over the whole matter. I thought Hilton valued their customers but apparently money matters more. I will never stay at another Hilton and thought anyone traveling with small children should know their policy.Worst hotel I've ever been to! Everything is well over priced and tastes terrible.... Do not recommend!I've only ever been here for what is essentially a "conference" since I'm a Cadillac sales consultant and they host training events here.  I've been here probably about four times for various product launches.
It's a really tough place to get a signal with AT&T Wireless and they don't have any free WiFi options that you can join.  It seems like once you are away from a close proximity with a window you will lose any possibility to make or receive calls.By FAR the worse Hilton I've ever stayed at.
The parking situation is pretty bad - there's a crappy lot at the bottom of the hill the hotel is on to park in that is $5 each time you leave. Not terrible, but that's the first thing you encounter unless you do the $10 valet parking. Which is worth mentioning because valets will be bolting down the sidewalk with keys and then (seriously) nearly running you over in their rush to get people their cars asap on the way back. It's a curved road up the hill and they must hit 45. We saw a couple racing to see who could get their car up first.
But annnyway. You arrive at the front desk (after trying not to go into the first Hilton entrance you see, as this is a fine looking hotel with a courteous service desk. But you're not staying here. You're staying at the City Avenue. You poor, poor sap). The front desk will exasperatedly wave you over, ask for your name and a credit card and give you a key. They likely won't tell you what room you're in before asking for the next person, but the information is written on the card they've handed you. Try not to interact with them again.
There are only 2 (pretty slow) elevators for the hotel, so it might take a while, but eventually one will arrive to take you up to your floor. Once you get in your room, you will likely be pleasantly surprised with how nice it is in comparison with everything you've experienced up until now. And during the day it is quite nice! But whoever did their renovations neglected soundproofing, and the materials the've used in the hallways, combined with the 1 inch gaps under your door mean that you will hear EVERYTHING that goes on on you floor. Every person that gets of the elevator, every time a door opens or slams, every hot drunken mess that staggers down the hallway loudly looking to find their room. Plus some VERY loud random sounds (possibly from the plumbing???) that would wake the dead on their own.
But at least you're rewarded for staying out all day by both not needing to be there and not needing to pay another $5 to leave, so enjoy your time out and see the city, because hopefully that's what you're here for. If you DO find yourself in this hotel and are looking up reviews to see if your experience is just some Kafkaesque abberation, just remember not to let your hotel ruin the rest of your stay, because, even if a Red Roof Inn would have been an improvement, in the end you can't let this place win. So go out and have a good time. I promise - the city seems even more wonderful with this hotel in the rearview mirror.Sadly in need of a redo. Carpeting was filthy as well as the upholstery on the chairs. The bed was pretty mushy. Otherwise, roomy and the bathroom was very clean. A funky smell in the lobby.I just spent the night at the Hilton on City Ave, and while the rooms were decent, the customer service was atrocious. We had a block of 65 rooms, plus a private brunch for over 100 people. The servers and front desk were nice, but the management and head of security were horrible. About 50 of us arrived back at the hotel at 12:45am and called ahead to let them know we had a large party going to the bar, where we intended to spend a quite a bit of money. We arrived and were only permitted to order one round before calling "Last Call". That would have been fine (but stupid on their part for turning down the business) if we hadn't been given misleading information from multiple employees. When the group went to go back to the hotel rooms, security and management asked to search our guests' bags to check for alcohol. This is a group of successful business men and women from all over the country, and we were made to feel like high school children being disciplined. The management was rude and embarrassed our family, who spent a ton of money to make this a memorable experience for our guests. They even went as far as calling the police, who turned around and left because it was obviously ridiculous. No one in our group was even out of line, got loud or made a scene.
On top of that, when I handed the Valet my ticket in the morning to get my car, it was returned to me with my front bumper FALLING OFF, as well as dents and scratches all along the side. The head of security and hotel manager had the nerve to insinuate that I had taken my car out overnight and caused the damage myself. I was at a wedding all night and did not drive. The manager refused to apologize and just said that they would be in touch. 
I have been a manager at another high end hotel for the past six years, and would be absolutely appalled if my staff ever behaved the way that multiple managers did at the Hilton. They should be ashamed of their lack of customer service. I will not be returning, and the Hilton on City Ave can expect many of these kinds of letters from our guests, as well as a bill from my insurance company.Utter incompetence.  Waiting 40 minutes for my car at valet and missing my father's 80th birthday party.  Nobody at the hotel seems to care.  Don't stay here.As a DIAMOND Hilton member, I expect at least decent service and consideration.  Expect neither at this Hilton.  The views are horrible, the rooms inferior.  I have to insist upon BASIC services every week.
I wouldn't stay here again if it wasn't required for work.  Not recommended.Needs a serious upgrade! Stay at the hilton @ the airport--it's much better! The rooms here are super small and dated. The bathroom is so tiny you can barely turn around in it. You have to go on a scavenger hunt just to find the wash cloths & towels. The rooms are joined by doors heading into the next room which is very scary seeing as though someone can come in at any time. The chair & leg rest looks like someone's been living on it for years. The phone doesn't work and they don't even give you free complimentary water bottles and wifi internet. The four good things I can say about it is that the room is clean thankfully, the tv is an updated flat screen, there's a fridge in the room and the thermostat, though old, works effectively. Long story short, save your money at this high price location and stay at the Hilton International Airport location. It's cheaper, much better looking, bigger rooms & beds plus there's parking and free water bottles & wifi in the rooms! Only thing, they don't have a fridge in the room .I'm working for a few weeks at an office right across the street, so I was happy to find this Hilton when I did a search for nearby hotels.  The last thing I wanted after a 14 hour day was to have to take the bus downtown to my usual Center City Philly hotel.  I was actually going to stay at the HomeWood Suites (also a Hilton property) right next door, but I thought it might be nice to upgrade a bit to the Hilton.
I'm a diamond HHonors member so I get a nice deal here: I got a great rate through my company, a nightly reception with free drinks and snacks (I was only able to go once so far due to the fact that the manager's reception is 5pm-7:30pm) and the snacks are pretty good -I saw bacon-wrapped scallops, potstickers, little quiches, grilled veggies, and a cheese tray.  There's also serve-yourself soft drinks, beer and wine.
The breakfast is great.  It's also included in my rate and it's continental, but a fancy continental.  A chef makes your eggs to order.  There is also a pretty impressive selection of fresh fruit (I had pineapple, starwberries, blueberries and blackberries this morning - no lame-o melon for me, thank you) and assorted breads, pastries, spreads, cheeses, deli meats, cereal, yogurt, bacon, potatoes, etc.  I'm sure I'm forgetting to mention something.
My room is adequate, my bed is comfortable, and housekeeping left me a little mint on my pillow yesterday.
I'm satisfied.Worst hotel experience ever! Snobby staff who would rather count change than help you. Had a mouse run into my room!  Got an apology and offered a free glass of wine...really? NEVER again!  Bad food, bad service, bad attitudes!  Horrible experience!This is the preferred hotel of my employer when we travel from Chicago to Philadelphia. Last time I went to Philly, there was a conference in the area and this hotel was booked. So, my last stay was my first time staying at the Hilton City Avenue. I found the staff and the accommodations great! The staff was super friendly and the room was clean and quiet. It was also a mere 10 minutes from our Philly location as opposed to staying near the airport, which was awesome.
The only awkward situation in the parking. There is a garage a short walk down the drive for $5 or valet for $10, so bring cash -especially for tips! I did not know the parking situation upon arriving so I walked from the garage around 9pm and that was a little unnerving! Now that I know, I will gladly pay for the valet service next time. You can also park along the drive for free, if spaces are available.
Also, the food in the hotel restaurant, while pricey, was very, very good. My waitress, Michelle, was awesome and gave me a loaf of bread "to go" since the bread wasn't initially ready when I sat down!
Very pleased with my stay and looking forward to my next stay while in Philly!I only came here for an event and the parking situation didn't bother me too much. Although it wasn't a pleasant walk with the cold wind, in the 20-something degree weather. But I get it...most people on here are complaining about the parking issue. If I was staying here, and had to walk that distance from the parking lot to the hotel, with a shitload of bags and luggage...AND pay for it, I'd be pretty pissed too. 
Anyways...as I walked up the entrance, a door man ran over to open the door for me. That was nice. lol Even though I would've been fine opening it myself...he was just doing his job.
The inside is pretty and chic. Restrooms are clean and a plenty. No waiting. 
There's a bar/restaurant and when I went, it was pretty busy for a Thursday night. Probably because of the holidays. 
Anyways, if you're a smoker, they have a little patio area outside with chairs. 
There's a hallway you have to walk through to get to the event space...and I'm not sure if it was just me but it felt a little Stephen King "The Shining"-esque. Wait staff standing in the hall, dressed in their suits, with white gloves...dim decor and lighting...lol idk
The event space is pretty roomy. There were probably around 50/60 of us, seated dinner and a dance floor. And the entire staff are very nice. 
Like most people on here, and as I mentioned before, the only issue here is the parking. If you're ok with it, give it a try. Everything else was quite nice.Parking is a joke! I paid for it and then some asshole ran into me in the parking lot, when we were finally got done exchanging info the god damn electric parking booth made me pay again before it would let me leave! Come on Philadelphia!Avoid this hotel and if you do stay there avoid the bar. The staff is extremely unfriendly and at $20 a shot is way over priced. My girlfriend had a bad experience while in a bridal party and after she left, the staff was incredibly rude and openly mocked her in front of me. When we came back after the wedding the staff continued to be rude. A nice manager tried to smooth things over before offering my girlfriend his bed at his house. 
All around undertrained staff for the price of the drinks and all around bad service
Left feeling uncomfortable, belittled, and disrespected.We definitely had mixed feelings about our stay here at the Homewood Suites attached to the Hilton (which does not seem to have a separate Yelp entry, thus reviewing here, since it's basically the same building). 
The parking is atrocious: you park across the street down a block or so and the parking lot attendants yell at you you're going to the wrong place (it wasn't just me; it was also the five cars behind me!) because nobody has put up a sign dividing reserved parking from the "official" parking. Which is on a crappy old outdoor lot with no real security, for which you pay $5 a night for the privilege.
Add to this when I came into the lobby, there was utterly no security - had to wait for the desk clerk, I could've just walked into the elevator and gone up and done whatever I wanted upstairs. 
The rooms were fine, and we were in a special needs suite that was adequately-sized for ADA compliance. Some dirty bits around the edges, and annoying things like burned out light bulbs and a bathtub drain stopper that didn't work and a wall switch that didn't work speak of a declining maintenance profile for the place. They also didn't have light-blocking door thresholds, something that bothers me in hotels, where noise and light leak into the rooms. We had to call to housekeeping for extra linen for the fold out sofa even though we'd specified it on the reservation we had an extra occupant, AND checked at the desk when checking in; then the housekeeper didn't actually make up the bed but just gave us the linens and said she'd be back when she attended to something else. (We told her not to bother.)
It was relatively quiet for a city location, with no traffic noise since it's tucked in off the side of City and the vacant lot across the street has no construction on it, but future visitors may want to check to see if anything's going to be built there. The sound insulation was not great in the rooms and a lot of pipe noise came in, but the ambient noise from other guests wasn't noticeable and we did not have "annoying elevator ding syndrome" even though we were close to the elevator itself. The room itself was pretty large, actually almost a real suite, and the kitchenette was decent (but again, had some dirty corners to it). 
The breakfast was fairly standard, in a modern but very cramped and crowded breakfast room that is also all there is to the lobby.
The reservations staff here were super friendly, accommodating, and actually knew the local hotel layout, so they get a huge thumbs up from us on that front. The extra service wasn't entirely in evidence from the front desk staff, although I've come to expect a certain gruff standoffishness from everything in Philly (I lived here once, so I know of what I speak). 
In any event, I'm not calling it a bargain by any means, and for the price they really need to make everything from room decor to cleanliness to service quite a bit spiffier, but it was OK in the end and I've had a lot worse accommodations.My whole family convened at this hotel (the side with the suites, not just the individual room side, i think) last month for a few days while we had a shiva ceremony and funeral after my grandmother's passing. We had a suite and a few rooms on the same floor, and were happy with the amount of space in the suite for our large gathering. The hotel staff were kind and helpful in directing our guests up to us.
The bed was large and comfy, with tons of pillows of varying sizes. Large tv, but the remote was wonky and didn't really work. Apparently we got a handicapped room, as there was no tub/shower wall, so the water got all over the damn bathroom floor. 
The continental breakfast was large and had a good amount of food, including a waffle making station, fresh blueberries, eggs and sausage, etc. I was even able to get some tea on the morning I left from the buffet, even though it was before opening time.
Our only complaint was that the microwave in our main suite was broken, and there was no oven available in the hotel for us to use to heat up the 3 giant lasagnas we had to feed us all. This made us shuttle back and forth from one of our other rooms with a working microwave with hot servings every 15 minutes. Oh well :)This hotel is great. Its a great place to have a party. the food is great. I strongly suggest this hotel.This is a pretty typical Hilton that stands alone really on the outskirts of Phildlephia. If you're going to anything at St Joe's college, it's right nearby, and I'd reccommend staying here.
The things that are near by include: A Target, A Saks Fifth Avenue, a CVS Pharmacy and a creepy looking reservoir that looks as if it would turn your hand green if you stuck it in there (it's blocked off by huge fences, so don't try it). 
The rooms were nothing over the top, smallish TV's, but comfortable beds and fluffy pillows. There were no fans in the bathroom, which always irks me. There was a refrigerator in each room, however, and plenty of space for two people. 
Valet was reasonable at $10 a night, and there is free parking on the street if you can find a spot. 
The bus stop to take a direct bus (the #44) for $2 each way downtown is right down the block and easy to get it. So, if you want to spend your day downtown, and not pay the downtown hotel price, stay here!I'm reviewing this as someone who has planned at least 4 banquets here in the past few years.
Randy Schaller is our hero and Geraldo is his sidekick - as a team, they are superior in service.
They work with your budget and both buffet and sit down dinners, whatever you decide to choose have been delish, hot til it reaches you and very seasonal. The food (for a chain hotel and for large over 100 ppl events) is fantastic! Guests are always raving about the catering!
It's not your typical Hilton, it's clean, glistening in chandeliers, looks grand. They just renovated the bar and restaurant and it was a good move!
Parking is only $5. Coat check $1. Outside of the city, worth the drive due to the lower prices compared to Center City hotel banquet rooms.We have stayed at this hotel on several occasions since both our daughters attend St. Joseph's University down the street. The hotel is convenient how close it is to there school. That's the best part of this hotel for us. 
First off I totally agree with the majority of reviewers with this specific Doubletree Hilton Hotel. The Check-in staff have no clue what they are doing? I'm currently a Diamond Member and always receive complementary breakfast and a upgraded room. BEWARE!!!! The front desk clerks had no idea what a Diamond Member privileges were. Ok I would give them the benefit of the doubt, maybe their new? I had to explain to them I received free breakfast. Well, that didn't go as planned? To say the least a very difficult check-in process. The other problem is parking. My room package came with free valet parking. It's called Philly Overnight. Stay two nights and parking is free. They had no idea what I was talking about upon checking in. Probably the worst experience I've ever had staying at a Doubletree Hilton Hotel.I was not impressed with this hotel. The bathroom was gross and there was something disgusting in my shower that I wont even begin to describe. I went down for a meeting and was going to switch rooms after, but then all of my colleagues said that they found their showers to be very dirty also. Did their cleaning staff go on strike that day? No, they just dont do their job.
They do have a great breakfast spread which they give you a free coupon for as a Hilton Elite member. Pretty much everything you can ever hope for, both hot and cold with a cook taking egg orders. However, I got room service for dinner and it left a lot to be desired.
I did like the conference rooms here because there were a lot of rooms both big and small, which was perfect for our type of meeting. The bathroom was also large with a lot of stalls that makes it convenient for a lot of people taking breaks at the same time. Also, the hotel charged $9.95 for internet in the room, but at least that worked in the meeting rooms also (many hotels these days block out the room network and force you to pay a much larger fee to get internet in the meeting rooms). 
Also make sure to have the front desk call you a cab about 10-15 prior to the time you need it. Since the hotel is outside the major part of the city, cabs aren't just circling around like they are downtown. The hotel is about 10 minutes from the Amtrak station and 30 mins from the airport.Went here tonight (9/28) for a charity benefit.  This review isn't about the food or event itself (which was great btw), but about the parking.  Minor, but needs to be said.
Get there at 630 p.m. The hotel usher/employee, when I tell him what I'm there for, says parking is free, and I can use valet OR the self park.  I pull up to use valet.  The guy there then tells me it'll be ten dollars.  I tell him I was just told it's free.  He says no, ten dollars.  I pull back to the usher and tell him that, he says no, it's free, I say well that employee is confused, i'm using the self park lot.  Then, when I get out, I specifically ask the attendant in the booth if the parking is free--I tell him I'm there for the event, and he said yes, and gave me my ticket.
When i'm leaving a little after 10 p.m., the attendant--who I don't believe was the same guy--tells me I need to pay 5 dollars to leave.  I tell him that two different people told me it was free.  He continues to insist and I tell him he's dead wrong.  He then smirks at me, says hold on, checks his list when I tell him what I"m there for, and says that only the valet is free.  I tell him again that i was told self park was free, and that the valet told me it was 10 dollars, and he continues to insist.
I could have probably argued my way out of it and caused a scene, as this guy was obviously grifting me.  And if I didn't have the cash on me, I would have.  But i did, so I gave it to him after politely telling him this was ridiculous.  He then conspicuously didn't give me a ticket, smirked again, and sarcastically said have a great night.
The kicker?   You can park on the little sidestreet there for free, which I didn't know at the time.  I recommend doing so if you're there--don't give those thieves a cent of your money.  Hilton should do something about this, whether or not that attendant/lot staff are employees, contractors, or whatever.Over the years I have stayed here many times. Rooms are nice but not great. They have a breakfast buffet in the morning which is very good. The steakhouse is very good as well at night. Service was good.I have stayed at this Hilton 3 times in the past year.  I must say I like the hotel and the area and keep coming back.  It is so easy to get from this hotel to the airport and even in rush hour times no issues.  You are a few miles outside of downtown Philadelphia so not so crazy busy, but this area is super vibrant with lots of stores, mall, and restaurants within walking distance.  Area feels pretty laid back and seems pretty safe for a huge city like Philadelphia.  I plan to keep visiting this location, super easy in and out, and valet parking and pickup.  That kind of stuff adds up when you do this gig week in and week out and find the right places that make the little things easy as they should be.This is small for a Hilton and not as nice a lobby as most. The room was nice but we got an upgraded one at the end. Why do the high end hotels still charge for WiFi and the cheap ones don't. I guess because they can? Still pi$$e$ me off though. They charge $10 for valet parking, but you can park on the street for free if there is a space.We are here for a conference and are staying multiple nights. Our stay was not cheap, but we were paying the cost to stay on site. I have stayed at hotels that offer way more for a far lot less money. Housekeeping came today and made our beds and put new towels in our room. No cleaning, no restocking of supplies. We called the front desk for toilet paper 2 times and we still have not received any. I will not stay here again. Super disappointed.This was the WORST hotel experience of my life. I can forgive the hotel for giving away the fourth room we booked on accident because they fixed the mistake. What I cannot and will not put up with is rude staff. Mohammed (night shift) I told him that the rooms advertised two queens and it was two fulls. He seemed agitated already and told me that if we pushed the two full beds together that it would make a queen. Not only is that not scientifically possible but I was baffled by the suggestion. I understand that you don't need a diploma to work at the Hilton but this is common sense. I remained polite and asked for a cot to be brought up, he said we have no cots. I said okay can I get some extra pillows at least and he said you can't have five people to a room??? We only had four total. He was just insulting me at this point. I told him he was very hard to speak to and ended up walking away since I felt myself getting upset. If you don't like your job, don't work there. Sadly, we will never stay at the Hilton again.The service is terrible. Bartender took 15 minutes to finally come ask me if I wanted a drink. He was so slow I ended going to my room to order room service and it took over an hour and a half for a salad and wings.Stayed here for one night recently and there was nothing close to what some of the other Yelpers complained about during our stay.  Room was clean, AC worked just fine, Hot water was plentiful, TV worked...we had no issues.  The front desk staff could be a little more clued into what customer service is all about, but I've also been at worse places.  Even spent some time at the bar and the bartender made an EXCELLENT Perfect Maker's Mark Manhattan...
I will say this...but this is more an issue with Philly than the hotel...$20+ in city and occupancy taxes to stay here...that is unacceptable.  Parking isn't great, but it is plentiful - as long as you don't mind leaving it in the manned lot a couple blocks down the street...$5 each time you leave, or $10 to valet.
I wanted this place to be nicer, but I've stayed in places where I've been very unhappy-and I really don't have anything bad to say about this Hilton.  It's simply a middle of the road Hilton...and that's not too bad.Nice hotel stayed for a day...had lot of amenities(pool,gym,bar,restaurant,buffet)very clean hotel..the front desk was nice & professional..I enjoyed my stayClean, friendly hotel. I am not sure where all this complaining is coming from... Located in a safe neighborhood, near the Barnes Foundation, but is a bit far from central Philadelphia. If you want to check out old town and do some sightseeing, I recommend getting a car or know your bus routes real well. Cab service is almost non existent. Saks and Lord and Taylor are somewhat of a walking distance from the hotel.
As far as the hotel goes, it's clean. From the time you walk in, the front desk is on the right side, the bar restaurant is straight on down, and the elevator is on the left side. Ask for the odd number for the rooms if you want a semi decent view of the reservoir... not much to look at but sure beats having to look neighboring buildings.
The gym is clean with pretty modern treadmills and other work out machines. the pool is actually pretty sad. it's a size of a large tub... ok maybe a tad bit bigger than a tub but not by much.
I had 2 rooms reserved and they were both clean with all the amenities. I appreciated the fridge under the TV, without ALL the lil snacks, I was able to buy water and juice from target (next block) and have some regular morning juice before my day got started.
The staff seemed friendly. Front desk were extremely helpful in allowing us to check in early. The manager at the bar was extremely friendly and knowledgeable of their regular guests (even if they were non hotel guests). My bartender knew when to refill my wine and their caesar salad was actually good -- not drenched in dressing.
I'd come back here in a heart beat, though getting to other places was a bit of a hassle, but i can sleep comfortably at night that no one is going to break into my valet parked rental car and that i wasn't going to get mugged. sorry folks. it's still philly...Wasn't impressed really.  Called the night before and requested an early check-in, and the guy on the phone said no problem.  Arrived as planned and was told they wouldn't be able to accommodate me for at least 3 more hours.  I found a Starbucks and then just wasted time there until I could try again.
The room looked like it had recently been renovated, in fact they were renovating my entire floor.  Carpets were being ripped up, there were dehumidifiers constantly running in front of the restrooms (I was on the 3rd floor near some conference rooms).  The noise was not terribly distracting while I worked in my room, but a room away from the noise would've been nice.
The room itself was nice, as I said had recently been renovated.  My shower drain backed up and nearly flooded the room and I had to dig someone else's hair out-- kinda gross.  My room must have been turned over quickly as there were few towels and a few other things I noticed were off in my room.
The bar downstairs was nice, food was fine.  Room service pizza left a bit to be desired.  TV and WiFi were great.
Parking wasn't a big pain for me, I left the car and took Uber to my meetings in the city.  Location was close to shopping, restaurants and things to do so it was fine.  
I'd probably stay at another Hilton property as opposed to this one on my next visit to Philly.The help was courteous, the rooms were comfortable but the housekeeping was poor. I found a contact lens on the bathroom floor, not clean in the corners of the bathroom or around the bed.The hotel was beautiful and the beds were comfortable. However, I was disappointed by the customer service at both the front desk and the valet. The man at the front desk was a bit rude and the valet forgot to get our car (which we realized after waiting over 15 minutes). I saw some other interactions and the staff just wasn't as welcoming as I would have expected. The housekeeping was very nice, as was the lady in charge of housekeeping staff and arranging for rollaway beds. One point to mention is that housekeeping came around and knocked at 9am, which is a bit early, especially because we had specifically requested late check-out. We should have put a do-not-disturb sign on the door; however, we felt that housekeeping wasn't even going to come that early especially because we were checking out in a few hours. That wasn't a problem though, just something I wanted to mention.Staying at the Hilton Philadelphia City Avenue on a 5 day, 4 night business trip, I was very disappointed by the hotel's hygiene. I typically like to "go green" and re-use my bath towels and have my bed-sheets changed every other day, but I could not do so during this stay. Every time I received new "clean" towels and pillowcases, I was disgusted to find makeup (both mascara and foundation) on the freshly presented sheets. Gross!
Besides that, the hotel rooms are spacious. Be aware that there is not a microwave in the hotel rooms and that you must trek to an attached hotel to use their microwave in their buffet area. There is an average free breakfast buffet in the morning, with very helpful and attentive staff. My only other issue with this stay would be that this hotel is located far from many attractions and you must travel through rougher areas to arrive at the majority of attractive destinations.