Me and my girlfriend came  here for breakfast on a Tuesday morning, my girlfriend and I were seated instantly with no wait, our server was very nice and his extensive knowledge of the menu and food items was amazing! He talked us into the Challah French Toast which is amazing; a short stack will do just fine for any person, guaranteed leftovers! The food was amazing the potatoes, the eggs, and the turkey sausage. My girlfriend had the Challah French Toast with bananas and she thought they were amazing! The coffee was very good and freshly brewed. Lastly, the bathrooms were spotless and the decor was beautiful, like a small  up to date cafe. Our waiter made me a mocha walnut coffee to go which was bliss and bursting with flavor! I plan on coming back for breakfast again!I just threw a bridal shower at the Hinge Cafe for my best friend and it was literally the most amazing, perfect venue! The food, staff, location and all around atmosphere was amazing plus it's BYOB! You can't beat the Hinge Cafe! Five stars!My favorite place for a Sunday brunch! They always have the most delicious specials that change with the seasons. Great food and friendly staff!I always have a great meal here and the one time I didn't like it, they replaced it with something else at no charge!A great diner, the food falls short of other modernized diners in the area.  The decor in the place feels like it's a time warp to the nineties, but the food is good and not overly done.This has been our weekend breakfast spot for a few years now. This morning I noticed something new on the menu so I placed an order. Pork and Brie bennies, Mmm Mmm Good!!! Love this place!I haven't been here since it reopened.  The food was good.  A lot of the same things are on the menu. The mushroom soup was deliciously thick and creamy with lots of mushroom bits.  I liked the addition of fresh herbs sprinkled on top. The pear salad was also good with fresh ingredients.  The service was great.  The waitress was attentive but let us sit and talk without rushing us.The Hinge is right around the corner from where I live, and I must say, I'd usually rather make the trip and wait at Honey's Sit and Eat in NoLibs. The food at the Hinge is decent, however the potatoes have upset my stomach on more then one occasion (and I hear I'm not the only one). The dining room in general gets really cramped on busy weekend mornings, which I'm not a fan of. You get the feeling that you're in someones living room when you're there.  
All in all, it's not a bad spot, but there are better options not far away.I LOVE the Hinge and often go out of my way to visit.  The iced coffee in the summer is reason enough (and get something from the bakery.  You will never regret it).
I've only eaten dinner here once but I loved it.  The bowl of roasted brussel sprouts was hard to finish because the serving was huge!  My dining partner and I both got a bowl and couldn't even stop to take a breath.  We devoured them.  Perfectly pan-seared, not too oily, and just spicy and garlic-y enough without hitting you over the head.
The "Japanese Meatballs" or whatever it was called (the menu changes monthly) sounded risky but I went with it because they're vegetarian.  I was right to take the risk.  Imagine Japanese soul food... and you've got these.  They were everything you love about Japanese food, crammed into a ball, and lightly fried.  Served with cold soba noodles, I was in heaven.  My waitress provided some extra peanut sauce to dip the "meatballs" in and it was perfect.  My friend ordered some sort of fish dish and loved it, tho I don't recall the particulars.
Brunch, on the other hand, is something I frequently grab at the Hinge and LOVE.  The breakfast burrito will keep you full all day.  I don't have a single complaint or negative thing to say about the brunch here.
In short, go to the Hinge.  It's a BYOB with a diverse menu, friendly servers (one of them just won the annual  "Best Waitress in Port Richmond" prize according to the owner), and one hell of a brunch.One of my favorite restaurants in the city, very fortunate to live so close! Hinge always has different specials, and they're very creative.  Most of the plates are fairly simple but great combinations of ingredients and very flavorful, the service is great as is the coffees, the prices are reasonable, and the atmosphere is very fun and relaxed and well designed.  I've been here several times with different people and everyone is always impressed and leaves happy
The breakfasts are all good, one of my favorite things was only on the menu but would get it again if I saw it--beet risotto with scallops, it's also nice  they serve sriracha sauce and ketchup with everything :)The service and the food is out of this world. I've tried to get different things everything and they have yet to disappoint so please take it from some one in the industry that knows what to look for in good service and food and this place is spot onEver since I started eating at Hinge Cafe its become my favorite restaurant. I have had breakfast, lunch, and dinner at Hinge Cafe. Not to mention they have all kinds of great desserts. THE BOMB!!! Everybody is so nice and the service is top notch. I honestly can't pick a favorite dish to recommend because the variety and quality is so good you can't go wrong. I eat the food on a regular basis and its high quality food with affordable prices. So you have great food, great service, great atmosphere. Go check it out. I highly recommend it. DONT FORGET TO ASK ABOUT THE BOMB!!! BEST DESSERT IN THE WORLD!!!First time here for breakfast... edible food but terrible service. Waters were promised but never dropped, $3 coffee was served once and never offered a warm up. Food was dropped but never asked how it was. Two servers with 4 tables in the restaurant, servers were busy singing to the music playing over the sound system. Won't be returning.Very good food, reasonable prices. Only thing is the day I went someone's uncle or father was playing tunes on the keyboard from his composition book. The guy was going off all over the place playing the waltz to Fox trot off key... needless to say he distorted the ambiance just a little... but hey the food was great.Great service good food, nowhere to eat in the Northeast! Sorry northeast folks, The Dining Car-not a fan. The Hinge- Real quality food NOT your average diner.I have been here a few times for breakfast and loved it every time! The service is quick. The food is delicious - bananas foster, on the border skillet, and breakfast skillet and their lattes are amazing! My husband tells everybody to try their Irish Potato Latte - it was a special drink they had in March but they will still make it for him. I tell everybody that they have to go check this place out! We will be back!Good food, good value. We got the breakfast quesadilla and monte cristo; perfectly filling for brunch on a rainy day.I love this place. It has great food and amazing service. I'm happen to drink a lot of liquids and the sever is nice enough to leave a pitcher of water for me on the table.Their food was pretty good and there's a lot of variety. I REALLY loved the eggnog latte I had, but their regular coffee seemed a bit burnt the last time I had it. The seating is very cramped, but there's not a lot they can do about that and the wonderful staff more than make up for it. This is definitely one of my favorite go to places.Great Coffee, eclectic & gourmet selection of lunch, breakfast menu items. The food is legit. MMMMM
Never a wait, quick service. Go here for a change of pace from the usual Sabrina's, Honey's.I live in the neighborhood, and have been stopping in on almost a daily basis to get an iced coffee because it's just that good. I've brought friends here for drinks too, and they always end up raving about them.
Granted, I've never actually had their food since I'm vegan and there aren't a lot of options for me so this review is really only geared to their takeout drinks (please consider adding some actual vegan options to your menu hinge cafe!), but I bought a piece of cake for my sister in law and she loved it so much, she went back the next day just to get another piece.
It's a little hit or miss with servers though. Some are fabulous and make you feel extremely welcome, while others have asked me to wait while they finished writing a text or concluded a conversation before taking my order. It's not a big deal since I'm never really in a rush, but I think other people may be annoyed by that.
The reason they lose a star is because it seems to depend on what server you get as to the cost of your coffee which is extremely annoying the few times I've gone in with exact change and they've randomly upped the price on me. Honestly, I've been charged 4 different prices for the same order which I think is odd considering I'm not ordering a specialty drink.Delicious breakfast, great daily specials and the specials change based on season and it keeps the menu fresh !  I love it there.  I eat at Hinge at least 2-3 times a month !  Healthy options for those who want it (ME) and the heavy satisfying foods others want to.I have been going to the hinge since it has opened and the food has been better year over year.  Their coffee is great, service is excellent and the brunch is the best in the city.  They are also great neighbors.Hinge used to be one of my go-to brunch places. They had great food, good customer service, and parking around the neighborhood was easy to find. However, on my most recent visit, I found myself questioning this place. It could have been an off day, but everything was such a miss-- food and customer service. 
I came with a group of 5, which is a little large for such a small establishment. We tried to call several times houra beforehand to put in a reservation, but the phone kept going to an automated message and telling us to try again. With no luck, we decided to just go and try our luck. We found parking right away, but came in just after a couple of larger parties. We waited for our table with a couple of cups of coffee. 
By the time our table was ready, our cups were empty, but we were distracted by the menus. But our coffee was never filled until we prompted the waitress. Once filled, I had a steaming cup, whereas my friend had a lukewarm, almost cold cup of coffee. We brushed it off and just ordered our food. We noticed our waitress greet another table nearby and list off specials that were not written on the regular or specials menu. She had never recited them to us and they sounded more enticing than what we had actually ordered since the menu had changed since our last visit. The whole restaurant just seemed to be more chaotic and disorganized than ever before. 
Again, we had to prompt our waitress to fill our coffee for the second time, but it was almost already at the end of our meal. She had checked in with us once, but turned around before we had answered her and could ask her for something, which we then had to wait another 10 mins to grab her attention. 
As for the food, I have had way better from them and elsewhere. Everything we had ordered was really bland and underwhelming. The only people who enjoyed the food were my younger cousins who like anything sweet or with pancakes. 
I might come back again, but I am officially turned off and unimpressed. I am sad to have had such a bad experience when I have been 2-3 times before and enjoyed myself. Maybe I just need to find a new local favorite.My first time eating here.  I had the chicken with roasted reds quesadillas. Astounding taste.  Chicken grilled with awesome roasted red peppers and melted cheese. True deleite!!!  A little gem in the Port Richmond section of the city.  Will visit again.One of the River Wards' hidden secrets, the Hinge is a reliably great, quick brunch option in Port Richmond with hardly ever a wait.  Prices are reasonable as well!
My friends and I usually meet at this place at least once a month and are greated by friendly servers and quick coffee...as we all know that some coffee immediately served makes our friends more palatable.  
The menu specials never disappoint.  The portions sizes are very large...you will have enough leftover for your afternoon snack if you get an entree.  Just the perfect portion for breakfast that we've discovered is the breakfast egg sandwich on an English muffin.  It's about 50% larger and fluffier and 700% tastier than Dunkin' Donuts...served with a side fruit cup, it's pretty healthy and a nice brunch!
The pumpkin pancakes and the whole wheat pancakes are nothing to sneeze at.  The pumpkin pancakes aren't overly pumpkiny...just a nice hint.  The whole wheat ones will melt in your mouth.  The short stack is 3 dollar sized pancakes that could use a side...left me a little hungry at the end of the meal (or not stuffed...can't remember the difference anymore...oh sweet New Year's Resolution diet!!!).  
I ate dinner there once...and it was soooo delicious yet I forget they serve it.  I simply must get back there for that.  And one of these days, I'm going to try something in their dessert case.  Everything looks divine!!One of my "go to" brunch places. Delicious coffee,  tasty food, and the staff is always so nice. My only wish is they offered more lower calorie menu items.It's been far too long since I've written anything here.  Holidays, cooking in, cold weather, and nothing too exciting on the restaurant front have all conspired against me trying out new places. I'll definitely have two new posts for restaurant week.
I went to Hinge Cafe for brunch on Sunday.  I went to this spot months ago, and decided to try it out again.  Despite its location on a weird block on Port Richmond, this spot was packed for Sunday brunch.  We only had to wait a few minutes before being seated.  It's nice to be able to have a good brunch spot close by without epic Sabrinia's-esc waits.  
I had an omelet that was on special.  It was filled with cheese, and several kinds of peppers and onions.  It was a generous portion, probably a three egg omelet.  With the side of potatoes, it was honestly enough food to fill me up for the entire day.  Dining with my friend Bryana, she also ordered from the special board: eggs florentine.  She had a similar assessment as myself; the meal was delicious and served in generous portions.
There are two factors that impress me the most about Hinge: The coffee is excellent and served continuously, and the menu is extensive.  There were several great offerings on the board for specials that I didn't even take a serious look at the regular menu.  I could easily come back here several times in the future and have a lot of good, different options.  Hinge doesn't just do brunch, either, they have a good offers for all meals.
Bottom Line: Hinge offers quick service and meals at affordable prices.  It makes a great brunch spot that is (for me) close to home.  I've never been at night, but apparently Hinge also host small music events.  It would even make a great stop for a coffee shop, as it has a few small tables up front and a bakery case filled with mouthwatering desserts.  If nothing else, it's great to support this spot in a neighborhood that needs it.The two stars is for the food only. Portions are big and food was decent. In terms of service, I'd give it 0 stars. The food came out slow. Restaurant wasn't the cleanest. We had empty water glasses and no one came to fill them up. When the waitress came, she filled up one glass and walked away swiftly without making eye contact. After we paid, we walked by all the waitresses congregating by the counter counting their tips, and not one person thanked us for the patronage. If you like mediocre food and horrible service then this is the place.I live near this establishment and have to say i love it.  I go a few times a week for breakfast.  The multi grain pancakes are delicious.  The ice coffee and iced latte are to die for and you can have different flavor shots to enhance the taste.  I highly recommend this place if you are in the area or if you just want a nice breakfast.The Benny was really delicious. I wasn't too impressed with their menu though. It seemed pretty repetitious. I had a couple bites of the steak and eggs platter they were offering as well. The steak was good but nothing to write home about.Loved this place.  Went here for brunch recently with some friends and it was excellent.  I ordered a mexican skillet (I think?)  and basically it was eggs, corn, peppers ect ON a quesadilla .  The presentation was fantastic.  OJ and coffee were great as well.  And we were there on sunday afternoon and a little old man was rocking out on the piano.  I totally dig that vibe.  Will definitely come back again.This place is Awsome from the great coffee to the flavorful menu staff is friendly laid back but quick the food is unbelievable and reasonable.Hinge is great for more than just brunch, they change thier menu up regularly and deliciously. Hinge is relatively vegetarian friendly. It get sort of crowded on the weekends but you never wait as long as other popular brunch spots. 
Stop by for coffee, brunch or dinner and you will be happy.Stumbled upon this place on Yelp one morning when deciding where to go for breakfast.  Good reviews, close by, I'm sold.  On my first visit, on a weekend mind you, I was promptly seated.  There was a guy playing the piano.  Promptly seated and guy playing piano.  Need I go on?!  Ok so then there is this specials menu with about a half dozen entrees listed.  The next one was better than the last.  How is a girl to decide with this many fabulous choices?!   I ended up going for some sweet potatoes, kale, over easy egg, pepper and onion dish with GOAT CHEESE.  Delish!  I have actually recreated it twice since! 
So then the boo and I were hungry again, a few weeks later, and he says lets go back to Hinge.  Of course!  Why not?! We loved it the first time.  This time we were once again seated promptly, on a weekend, but no pianist this time  I went for lunch and got the pick two option with a salad and sandwich.  Delish. Everything was fresh and reasonably priced!  The breakfast specials menu once again boasted an array of specialty skillets and such and the boo got an Italian skillet dish that was fabulous, of course.  
So in conclusion; This place is our go to for breakfast/lunch.  We think the food is great! Service is wonderful! Atmosphere is fabulous! Prices are great!Port Richmond and I have a long, funny relationship. We like each other, but we're also quite aware of the other's limitations. While you may be de rigeur for cheap warehouse space, freshly made pierogies, and swarms of rowdy polish teenagers, you are not quite a destination spot for fantastic food.
Hinge Cafe practically spits in the face of that last statement.
I have been many times - Father's Day brunch, last minute breakfast, weekday morning bagel & coffee - and every time, Hinge delivers.
The space: Cool, low-key, relaxed, lovely. You feel like you're eating at somebody's house. Somebody's really nice house. 
The noise level: Even when it's packed to the gills, I NEVER have to yell so my friends can hear me.
The food: Breakfast Bruschetta is PHENOMENAL. The Salmon Benny is revelatory, the roasted potatoes are seriously addictive, the coffee is delicious, the Monte Cristo, sinfully decadent with its ham and melted cheese, gooses you on the way down thanks to the addition of raspberry preserves. Yum. 
The service: Fantastic. Attentive, friendly, no ass-kissing, no pandering, no ignoring. Nobody is better than anybody at Hinge. Everybody's family.
The price is right, and If you have ever sat outside of another more-popular brunch spot in Fishtown or Northern Liberties for 20, 30 minutes before you were seated, you owe yourself a trip to the next neighborhood north for a fantastic meal with no wait. Not even on Sunday. At 11 AM. 
Come to think of it - I'm glad nobody really knows about Hinge. Stay away, bastards. It's mine.Went today for the first time and my husband and I were very pleased with our (traditional) egg based breakfasts. Multigrain toast and the potatoes that came as a side with mine were both delicious. His omelette was exactly how he liked it. Plus, when we left - having left hubby's cell phone behind - our waitress came running after us, a block or so, and gave it to us. All with a smile. We rate it all as a great midweek brunch experience.Talk about hidden Gem! Feels like I am home every time I visit. (Often) The food is good along with the service! I always start off with a cup of coffee(so fresh you can taste it!) PLEASE bring the creme brûlée French toast/pancakes back! I go once a month from NJ and ask(finger ALWAYS crossed!) Cant go wrong with the breakfast selections but I recommend trying the specials! You won't be disappointed :)I love this place! 
The atmosphere is great, the owner is wonderful, the food is awesome, it's just a giant string of positive adjectives. They have the perfect selection in terms of teas and desserts, and their food has always been often. It's located in a convenient spot by my house. I just wish they still had live music here.12/12/11-Well, here's the synopsis.
Went to the Hinge.  My companion had the scallops, which were nicely seared, a nice size, and just about perfect.  The duck too, was excellent.  The maple and sherry flavor was not too sweet or overpowering.  The breast was cooked fine.
I have a problem with the sides.  Risotta was just rice.  I got a thing about risotto, and I watch enough food porn to know exactly what it should be like.  Creamy, not just a pile of rice.  Tasty rice, but plain old rice. (Ever see the movie "The Big Night" with Stanley Tucci and Tony Shaloub...it revolves around making risotto, great film.)  Parsnip potatoes were iffy.  I never had a  parsnip, they sound like something my grandmom would make if she ran out of rutabagas.  But they must be very mild, because I couldn't taste them.   My mashed potatoes stand on the plate like clay after five minutes, I don't expect theirs to.
And the next time someone throws some wilted baby spinach on my plate, and calls it a vegtable of the day, I'm gonna freak.  Its wilted spinach!  Its sooo cheap.  You can't throw a couple of asparagus spears on there instead? For a $22 plate?
The dessert was probably delicious.  By then, I had some early signs of alcohol poisoning, so it went into a styro box and home.  It didn't last in my fridge longer than 5mins, so I will assume it was good.
I really like the Hinge...the staff is nice, the food is generally very good, and its comfortable. I will be back again, many times I'm sure.  But I'm just wondering if the bloom is off the rose.
UPDATED 7/20/12
In the past, I know I have doubted whether or not they were still on their game.
Since then, I've been back monthly, and I have to retract that statement.
I really think this is the hidden gem of the area.
Went last night, and it was really, just unspeakably good.
Grilled watermelon with bacon and feta cheese.
Tempura fried asparagus,
Bronzino with tropical fruit salsa with coconut rice,
Chicken Grand Marnier with mandarin oranges and cranberries.....
Delicious desserts.
So, so, very good.
http://www.hingecafe.com/Hinge cafe's brunch food slams the door on all of its competition.
Only 70 reviews show that this place is a true hidden brunch gem in Port Richmond. If you don't feel like waiting in those long lines at Honey's, Cafe Lift, or even Sabrinas, I guarantee if you head to Hinge's, you'll get a seat immediately. 
The portions here are astronomical.  You'll most likely pack your leftovers home (Unless you're a piggy like me). I've tried the breakfast burrito and Monte Cristo. Both were delicious. Perfectly made. Also loved the crispiness and flavor of the potatoe sides. 
Service was superb. All the servers were extremely friendly and accommodating. Prices were also reasonable.
Philly is truly a mecha for bruncheries and Hinge is one of the best. (I secretly want this place to remain fairly unknown so I don't have to wait in line.) But as a loyal yelper, I guess I'll share Hinge with you guys... :)Omg...I took my husband here for Father's Day breakfast. I was unaware that I needed to make a reservation but we were seated pretty fast even with other people arriving with reservations. My husband got a Benny (eggs Benedict over fresh crab cakes that sat on English muffins with a side of home fires) and Apple crumble French toast. I only had a piece of his food but oh my word it was awesome. I had a breakfast skillet with scrapple which was awesome as well. Wonderful ambiance wonderful staff. I'm going again for sure.OH nom nom! The food here was delicious. First time today with my husband and 3 year old and i really enjoyed my "Super spicy burrito". My husband loved his monte cristo and of course my 3 year old loved her eggs and sausage. I only have two complaints. Reading reviews on yelp is what got us here, I read that it was family friendly but did not feel like it was kid friendly at all, i for sure worried about my childs  voice the whole time there.
 Also, The breakfast burrito, which it was indeed wonderful, i feel everything should have been mixed better. half of the burrito was the egg, chorizo and bean mixture, and the other half of the burrito was peppers and eggs. Very odd for sure.. But delicious regardless.
I will be back here for sure though, sans children, just to try more delicious food!Food was great. Service was awesome. Food can out super quick. After living a few blocks away from this place for about a year I'm really just upset I haven't come sooner. Ill defiantly be back more often!Breakfast all day! Great food friendly service. There is plenty of space I would definitely visit again.I went to Hinge for the first time today, after searching for a breakfast burrito close by. We were very warmly greeted by the staff, and we sat on the cozy bench in the front as we waited for our food- it is such a cute place. The coffee is delicious, fair trade, organic, and probably shade grown (o la la). There is some construction going on in the vicinity (right outside the door), but don't let that deter you. The burrito was delicious and contained potato, which is a little different, but indeed a comfort food delight. We're definitely going back to try their dinner offerings, which I'm told change every month. I recommend.The food and coffee here are both excellent! The service stinks!!! Don't get me wrong, the staff and servers are very friendly but it takes FOREVER! You wait for a seat, you wait for drinks, you wait for food, you wait wait wait for everything! Honestly, we have gone elsewhere to have not so good food just to not deal with a breakfast or brunch that takes 2 hours start to finish! I love Hinge but they need better management of the front of house!The Hinge makes me proud to be a Port Richmond kid.  Whenever I walk in here its like a grade school reunion. ..it really embodies the community feeling that I love about my 'hood.  I know im getting deep here,but I truly love it! Anyway I felt compelled to write an update after having one of the best breakfasts of my life, Brie stuffed French toast with apples, walnuts and craisins.  It was nothing short of a culinary masterpiece.  The cappuccino was the perfect addition to a perfect breakfast.  
In addition to amazing food, the ambiance can't be beat. Recently I went to a rehearsal dinner in the little upstairs room they have, and it was beautifully decorated and perfect for the occasion.  I'd highly recommend Hinge for pretty much anything, but especially breakfast a d small gatherings.Friendly staff. It is the Gold Standard in which I compare breakfast/brunch places. Can't go wrong with anything here. Eggs Bennny!!!!!!!!!!! Best I've ever hadSuch a great gem of a restaurant.  I've only been here for breakfast but their menu and prices are perfect.  I love that I can get breakfast and vegetables in the same meal.  They had this skillet special once that was packed with mushrooms, brussel sprouts, and eggs and it blew my mind.  I love that I can go out to breakfast and not feel totally guilty afterwards because most places don't give you too many vegetable options when it comes to the most important meal of the day.  I love hinge cafe and we will keep coming back.First of all, make sure you bring cash because you have to spend at least twenty to use your card. 
So I don't know if it was just because it was a busy Sunday, but this was some of the worst service I've seen at a restaurant. We were there for over an hour while eating and talking and our waitress never came back to ask for drink refills even as she brought plates to the tables next to us. 
However the food was pretty great. I got the super spicy breakfast burrito. And although it wasn't super spicy, it was definitely delicious and a good portion for the cost.I drove two hours from New York to come to Hinge! Okay, granted it was to meet up with some friends in Philly who I haven't seen in a while, but what a good choice. I picked this place on a whim after searching Yelp looking for a place where parking would not be a hassle and transit would be easy (it's right off I-95). I didn't expect excellent service, gracious hosts, and the fluffiest french toast I have ever had. 
The restaurant is on the corner of a bunch of row houses. Driving through, you would hardly expect there to be a cute brunch place in the neighborhood. Walk in and you'll be pleasantly surprised with a bright and cozy room that looks like it could be your living room. Coffee comes quickly and is nice and strong. 
In terms of the food, there's a large selection of omelettes (either with predetermined combinations or make-your-own), skillet bakes, eggs benedicts, and pancakes/french toast. I got the Luigi omelette (italian sausage, provolone, peppers and onions): a perfect ratio of egg to filling with the egg very nice and fluffy. The plate was huge and I took half of it home to eat for lunch the next day. The home run, though, was my friend's pumpkin french toast, which was made with real challah bread, sliced thick and extremely moist and fluffly. The mountain of whipped cream on top helped too. 
The waitress was very accommodating as she let us sit there for 3 hours while we yapped away and kept on offering to refill our coffee and get us drinks. All in all, worth the drive down the turnpike... Didn't think I could find a brunch spot so good in Philly.We have gone to this place several times due to its close proximity to a friends house, and have experienced consistent long wait times.  We waited 45-60 minutes from ordering until receiving our food.  Our waitress was very nice and attentive, but I suspect this restaurant is under staffed in the kitchen or lacks the capacity to cook for a 20-30 seat cafe.    Menu is diverse and cost is in line with similar establishments.  
Good food, extremely slow (but polite) service.  
Management could use a visit from Jon Taffer!I like this place a lot but was a lil disappointed when I went last time because I ordered a skillet special and it was a bit on the greasy side . I'm guessing the cook might've been overwhelmed because the place is mostly always packed. Hoping the next time I go my food is better . The drinks are to die for and the staff is absolutely amazing!The Hinge is one of those  places that you cannot adequately describe in a review.   While it  doesn't seem to be anything special on the outside, it is like nowhere  else on the inside. Take  your first few steps into The Hinge, and  you'll think you are in a neighborhood coffee shop. By the  time you pass the front counter, you may hear someone on the piano (yes, the piano)   as aromas from gourmet coffees, desserts and even wonderfully prepared hot foods, compete for your attention. If you accidentally turn-around to face the door at this point, you may accidentally forget where you are and suddenly think you've stepped into a great cafe in a far-off place. You'll look around, and you'll swear that the place is not big enough to have the atmosphere that it emits. The Breakfasts at The Hinge are like nowhere else, and their dinners  and desserts are well  worth the trip as well. It may very well become your hideout, in plain  sight, as t has become one of mine  :-)I loved this place after only one time of going there. My girlfriend Amanda C. had been trying to get our friends to venture to Port Richmond to go here for ages and I am SO glad we did.
The food is phenomenal, both the breakfast stuff and the lunch stuff. I got a veggie panini which I thought would be pretty standard but it was just great - the bread, vegetables, and condiments were spot on. My friends got breakfast dishes which looked great too, and everyone left really full.
Coffee is refilled practically the moment that it's empty. The wait staff is super nice. The decorations are really cute. Good mix of neighborhood people, families, and 20s and 30s types.
I understand it gets a little crowded on weekends, but I do not care at all.Coming home from a long, exciting  weekend, my husband and I were looking s good old fashion breakfast . He recommended Hinge. It was so worth it. Eggs over easy, bacon well done and breakfast potatoes with onions ... it was the perfect breakfast ... we will definately return for more :)The food here is super fantastic and I love the fact that it is out of annoying Northern Liberties with its throngs of penquin hipsters who all seem to think and act the same way. I love the fact that The Hinge is a jewel island tucked away from annoying Hipster Land. Linda the waitress is the best; who doesn't love her? I wish the owners were more friendly--too often they seem grumpy and unsmiling and they never say hello even though they "know" you. What's up with that? I will continue to go despite this, however.We brunched at Hinge Café on New Year's Day. It was great that they were open and we were able to call ahead to check on the wait time and put our name in for a table for four. I scored a parking space directly across the street, which is always a good start to a new year! We only waited about 5 minutes for our table. Business was brisk also.
As other Yelp reviewers have mentioned, the portion sizes are pretty large and everything did taste very fresh. The menu had a neighborhood diner feel and the staff was pleasant and attentive. We had pancakes, French toast, and Eggs Benedict. The only complaint was one person in our party abhors powdered sugar and they put that on her whole wheat and nut pancakes.  In the rare case powder sugar is not your thing, let them know when you order pancakes or French toast, as it will come with this. Hinge Café's brewed coffee from Greenstreet Coffee Roasters was excellent. 
We had a very nice brunch at Hinge Café and would definitely come backI may be completely biased because I work here, but I'll just say it means I get to taste lots of the menu and am a very thorough critic of this place!
The Hinge Cafe is comfort food through and through, big warm portions of gooey eggs and hot coffee will definitely keep you happy through the whole day. I've had quite a bit of the menu but my recommendations include:
1) Anything grits! Buttery, salty, and peppery, oh my!
2) Anything pancakes: fluffy and usually are transformed into some delicious special (i.e. lemon ricotta pancakes right now)
3) The ceasar dressing: this is clearly homemade dressing. The flavor is amazing and it's a creamy ceasar, which is my favorite
4) The chipotle mayo: I have so many people ask for a side of this because it is simply divine!!
5) The breakfast burritos/quesadillas: you will have a second portion that you can eat for a snack/full meal depending on you!
All in all, the Hinge Cafe is cheap, run with pride, has great turn over with specials (weekday specials almost daily), and the food is amazing. There may be times where you'll have to wait on a weekend, but what's new? This is Philly and we get serious about brunch.I recently moved a couple of blocks away from Hinge and it is my absolute favorite spot for brunch. It is absolutely adorable. The staff is always friendly and I have yet to have anything less than a wonderful, fresh and tasty meal here after trying about ten or so menu items. 
The cinnamon bun french toast is a favorite, as is the chocolate covered banana latte special they had last time I was in. My boyfriend loves the meatball skillet, and we both love all of the options they have for breakfast sides (it can be hard to find turkey bacon out). Lunch has also been stellar. They have this great panini with chicken, basil, tomato and balsamic.Excellent food, good service, big portions, fair prices, cute cafe.....Is a local gem...I work near by and wasn't familiar with any good neighborhood spots for lunch. Tucked away and off the beaten path but well worth the effort of finding on Yelp! Brought a colleague here for lunch, as he loves discovering new, small neighborhood spots. He doesn't like chains!! Hinge is a winner! Our waitress, Bridget was awesome, offering a friendly and welcoming atmosphere. Great food, tasty and reasonable. I would recommend this place for anyone looking for good food and great service!Love the Hinge!  Very trendy, cute spot in the neighborhood.  Great staff & excellent food.  Their menu rotates from time to time, so there is always somethign new to try.
For the record though, this is in PORT RICHMOND not KENSINGTON!!  Port Richmond kids are very careful about this distinction.1st time at this Port Richmond establishment. I came for the pancakes but the pear and fig oatmeal jumped out at me. Definitely a great choice. I still ordered the pancakes, multigrain with pecans.  The oatmeal came 1st and the pancakes 5 minutes later. I'd like to think my waitress was watching me and wanted to wait until I was close to finishing my oatmeal before bringing out the pancakes. But is all good. I noticed the other patrons around me, most ordered eggs and potatoes and bacon. Healthy portions with some not able to finish and asking for a doggy bag. One female patron who was wardrobe challenged complained her potatoes were too greasy.  Tasting like they were made yesterday.  Her partner enjoyed whatever he ordered. Definitely would go back for more oatmeal and to try an omelet. Go early as I was leaving at 10 there was a 20 min wait.Great food. Great service. It's a little on the small side but I guess most would say it was cozy. I like to spread out though so don't go by me. It's still a wonderful restaurant.I know that if I'm going to update my review, I should do it because my opinion changed, but GUESS WHAT? I still think this place is the best, I just have more reasons to think so now. 
I've gone to the Hinge for years for the best (THE BEST) brunch in Philadelphia. I rarely wait for a table, or coffee, the waitresses are awesome, and the food is top-notch. In 5+ years, I've had one less-than-awesome experience, and it wasn't even worth mentioning.
Last night I came to love the Hinge in a whole new way. We planned a party for my parents' 60th birthdays and the Hinge made the whole experience fantastic. Simone was super responsive over email, and helped me plan a great menu AND stay within my budget. On the night of, I hooked up my playlist, set out flower arrangements, and welcomed my folks into their favorite brunch place, which was now our private party space! My entire family was so impressed with the decor and the service. Our waitress Jill paid very close attention to everyone's orders for food & drink. After we sang and blew out candles (that Jill brought out because I forgot them!) they took the cake back and portioned it out into individual slices, half on plates and half to go! Everyone ate their faces off AND took goodie bags home. 
The hardest part of this entire experience was keeping the secret from my parents. The staff @ the Hinge made everything so easy! I can't thank them enough for taking a lot of stress off my shoulders so I could enjoy the party with my family! If you are looking for a cozy, comfortable space for a party, where you can play your own music, get served amazing food, and enjoy stellar service from awesome people, my recommendation is to get on the horn with Simone and reserve the date NOW! You won't be sorry.I would start by saying: please don't come here - but there's more than enough seating for all of us, so please, do, come here! The food on this menu is crazy. If you want a simple breakfast sandwich, you got it. But if you want some fancy french toast with peanut butter cups, you can have that too. You want a cup of black tea? OK - no problem. But if you want a fancy custom iced coffee, you can get that as well. The only problem I have with this place is it's method of payment. If you go with one other person you probably won't get to the $20.00 minimum needed for a credit/debit card since the prices are super reasonable. In the end, this is a definite go-to for breakfast/lunch, for sure.if more stars were an option, i would rate hinge higher.
picture it: 
port richmond, wednesday, late into the afternoon, and needing a cake for the girlfriend's birthday by friday evening.
entered "birthday cake" into yelp's "search for" section, then proceeded to call every available bakery for the next several hours. hinge is number 50.
after calling dozens of bakeries, i learned that some places were either closed by 5p (which is interesting to note) or had closed entirely (which is entirely sad to know), or, simply could not manage a cake with only two-days notice; fair enough on all accounts. by this point it was 8:30p, and it felt like my hand was going to fall off.
and then there was hinge. 
i spoke with a super friendly server who immediately put T (not sure if its an initial-only deal so we'll just go with that), the head dining and pastry chef, on the phone. we decided to meet in person, it honestly could not have been a more pleasant experience.
T was so receptive to what i wanted. she didn't talk over me, question the flavors i had chosen, or show fear in the face of a two day deadline (primary responses from the calls that afternoon to appr. 30 other bakeries). 
the result was.. amazing. remarkable. truly inspiring. she created exactly the flavor combination i was seeking: a summery blend of lemon, coconut and fresh strawberry. 
one layer of frosting consisted of their limoncello cream and another of delicious coconut. strewn atop were perfectly ripened strawberries and edible white chocolate leaves (some colored green, how cute!) for decoration. the cake itself was a delightfully dense, moist cake with loads of flavor, coupled with a pretty red/orange icing for the inscription. T, hinge, and the cake not only met my expectations, but sincerely exceeded them.
this cake was full of delectable, discernable flavors that felt light on the tongue and yet full in the mouth. i have now put hinge on retainer for all my celebratory cake needs. 
speaking of which, my mother's birthday is in a week and a half and i'm seriously putting my order in monday.Ive had so many great meals here.
Recently I introduced a friend to this place for lunch and it occurred to me that it's been way too long since I've been there.  Then I wondered why I hadn't yelped it!
Food's great, atmosphere nice, service excellent.  Really, I hold it up as equal to Honey's and Sabrina's.  It's location makes it better in that there's never a wait for a table like there is at those two spots.  If you've not tried the Hinge, well, get there.
Breakfast and brunch are super but I have never been disappointed in their dinners either.  Their prices are made for this economy, trust me.I love the hinge! Great grits. Great service! Cinnabon pancakes are amazing!On a bike ride through the area last weekend looking for new places for breakfast, we decided to stop in and give Hinge a try.  Though the restaurant was busy with weekend brunchers, we were quickly seated and offered water and drinks.
We started with some coffee and tea as we looked over the menu.  As we looked up from our menus, we also noticed how much fun this place is for people watching!  We loved the atmosphere.  The Huevos Rancheros were excellent.  Served on tortilla chips, the balance of black beans, runny eggs and cheese melting over them was perfect.  My wife had the two-egg special.  They were perfectly cooked and served with home potatoes and bread.
We liked the friendly and efficient service too.  I can't wait to go back for a stab at the lunch menu.  There are lots of interesting selections on both the brunch and lunch menus that I am sure will add stars to my reviews for Hinge.
Keep up the great work!Great coffee. So good, I bring a pound of their blend home (whole bean). As far as the food goes, I only got the French toast here, and it is very good.The boy and I have been looking for a new breakfast spot, and having lived only a few blocks from this place for YEARS, we began to kick ourselves for never trying Hinge out.
And ohmygod. The place is adorable. The service was super fast and friendly. And the food? We were those people walking out the door, passing by customers waiting for a table, proclaiming "That was awesome! Holy crap!"
The boy got the Italian skillet with andouille sausage, broccoli rabe, and potatoes. He's got a crazy appetite but announced mid meal "I think this is going to be the first dish I actually can't finish." What he couldn't eat he excitedly packed away in a to go box. I had the two bennies. It was cooked perfectly. Flavor in every bite. I'm the opposite, notorious for never finishing a meal. Well, yesterday morning I actually finished my entire plate.
Long story short. It was awesome and we'll be back.Group Fun at the Hinge!
I organize a group of foodies and the Hinge agreed to host our beer tasting event.  The chef offered a 4 course meal, with delicious offerings like hinge-made pirogies, lollipop lambchops, beef bruchetta and (my fave) a great sampling of three desserts.. to name a few items that still get me hungry at the slightest thought back.   The food, service and atmosphere were perfect! I highly recommend the Hinge for anyone wanting a great spot for a group!  Ive been a big fan, for years, of the downstairs cafe but the upstairs was very nicely finished and appropriate for both formal or casual occasions.
Feel free to see my extended review of the menu at: http://foodie-group.blogspot.com/2011/02/foodie-event-15-tasting-menu-beer.htmlCharming place with good service and a serious brunch menu. Definitely leans toward the carnivores. My crab cakes bennies (a special today) were delicious except the eggs were overpoached. I am picky on breakfast potatoes and these were cooked to give a good mix of soft and crispy and were well-seasoned. Would go back for sure if we end up looking for a good bite in the area again.Absolutely love the french toast here. They have the best Bananas Foster French toast and Monte Cristo.Firstly, GREAT COFFEE!!!  We had breakfast here on our way out of town, and it was lovely.  Fresh fruit cups and breakfast burritos hit the spot the day after running a half marathon.  The food was fresh and fast, and the service was amazingly friendly.  A little out of the way from center city, but a great stop that I'd happily recommend.There is a reason there are so many positive reviews, so stop reading and just go. LOL But if you want more details...
Eight of us celebrated a friend's birthday and she could not have found a better venue. Charming with a separate area for large groups, free parking, cost conscious, delicious fare (I had turkey chili!) and BYOB where they opened your bottles (we had a few!).
EVERYONE enjoyed their meal and it was cooked to order (very important for the birthday girl to have a light and fluffy omelette).
We were serenaded by Mr. Piano Man "Tommy" (loved him!) including a Happy Birthday tune. An extra bonus was the owner/chef Simone was also present and came out per our request (did I say the food was awesome?). Linda our server was efficient and very nice. Could we have wished for more? Bigger stomachs. LOL I guess we must just go again...soon.My Daughter & I had Valentine's Dinner @ the Hinge, the 4 course meal was phenomenal, the ambience remarkable, & the staff extremely cordial. I had such a great experience I followed up with their exceptional brunch. I could only wish that Chef Stanley & his Sous Chef Amber fed me everyday.