Ordered from grub hub. Time for delivery was about what grub hub said it would be. That's my only positive. 
$35 for a chicken parm sandwich and a cheeseburger both with fries. Outrageously over priced. 
"I wanted chicken parm NOT jerky and sauce" was my boyfriends reaction. 
My cheeseburger was disgusting. Overcooked and didn't taste like a beef burger..... the lettuce tomatoes ketchup & mayo that I requested turned out to be a handful of onion filled salad mix and one tomatoe slice.  The "burger" was maybe 1/3 the size of the bun. 
Everything was cold. 
I understand we placed our order at 1am (they are open till 4am), however that is no excuse for the level of disgust this food brings. 
Will never eat this $#%@ again!!They ran out of entree food at about 6pm on a Saturday night. Lamb was slightly overdone. Food ok. We had Groupon so it was OK but if it were full price I'd be pissedI attended His & Hers for a birthday celebration (group of 10 ladies). The variety of entertainment including the hookah was great for me. The area I sat in was very cozy and comfortable. We all enjoyed the music, drinks and food. The drinks were reasonably priced and the D.J. in my area was very up to date with his music choices. Overall, it was a fun enjoyable night out. The customer service was not the best but it definitely wasn't bad either. I would absolutely visit again.Worst place ever. Ordered food it arrived three hours after it was supposed to, cold and disgusting. Don't eat here, ever.Last week my girlfriend and I stumbled onto His and Hers while walking down South Street. It was nearly midnight and they were still open.  We were greeted by the owner, who was absolutely wonderful and made us a drink from their Happy Hour list.  I love sweet drinks, so I had a Woo Woo, but made with Apricot juice... Yuuuum!  We sat at the bar, while music some nice music played in the background.  The vibe there was awesome.  George, one of the managers came and talked to us.  He is GREAT!  He then showed us the upstairs, which had a cigar bar, a jukebox and Hookah!  If you love to Hookah, this would be the SPOT!  Total different vibe than downstairs, but just as good.  
We had such a good time last week, that we went back tonight.  Another great evening.  If you are in Philly this is definitely a place you want to go.  The people there are GREAT!  I live in Cali, but I will be back in again the next time I am in town.  His and Hers is my new Philly go to spot!  :) I haven't tried the food yet, but I intend to... Turkish and Italian, plus some American.  Hence, the name HIS & HERS!Angi is an amazing server.  Very attentive,  polite and engaging.  For three hours,  she ensured that our drinks were replenished,  our hookah coals stayed lit and our food orders were correct.  She helped contribute to a great night.  The sad part is when telling Selcuk Sal Kucuk, one of the owner/managers about her exemplary service,  he didn't want to be bothered as he watched the ladies walking along the sidewalk outside. He was curt and dismissive.Kinda ratchet but chill. Bathrooms are always gross. They updated the chairs to be more comfortable. Service is so-so. Way over priced for the atmosphere. DJ is usually goodNever been In the area but  It took me 2 hours to order food. Never received the food.  After calling three times for a delivery Deja apologized saying that I had to call seamless to make a delivery despite the fact that we had called twice and their restaurant confirmed they would deliver within 20 minutes. Worst experience I'd ever had as someone who told them I would pay *cash*.
If you're new, not around the area, or familiar just don't order from here. Worst experience ever.Ate here for the first time with a friend. The place is huge, newly redone and clean(apparently there's an upstairs too for hookah). We sat at the bar. They offer a great happy hour(half-price discounts on food and drinks). We had dinner and drinks. Salmon was reasonably priced(~$20), fresh and perfectly cooked(came with potatoes, salad). The bartender/owner was great too. We'll definitely return!This was the worst experience i have had in 2 years of living in the area. i waited over and hour and half to have them call me to ask me if i still wanted my order? order arrived over two hours and  it was terrible but what would you expect from a place that runs it self like that. the  pasta was terrible cold and  the baklava was literally for the birds. i would never go back there.I went there for nice night out with my husband just on Friday and when I got my drink half way through it was a bug in it! Then the waiter brings me another one as if I want another one! Would never go there againOh wow got my delivery order and I order Wings and a Chicken Wrap combo with fries was the worst ever...
DELIVERY CHARGE IS 5 BUCKS WTF the wings were fked up sigh.....Horrible service. Overpriced food. The servers were flat out rude. The owner was even worse. The food was okay but definitely not good enough to excuse the behavior of the staff.Hello everyone i ordered a meal again last night after giving them a second chance and i ordered a filet mignon and it was the worst filet i have ever experienced. First of all, the piece of meat was cut in half; it was also so dry, i never had a steak that was a medium and wasn't juicy. it would recommend not giving this place a chance please save your money and use it at another restaurant. this place is not worth itMy first time here was 7/29 and I had a very good time! Drinks were reasonably priced, the hookah was fun. Didn't get a chance to try the food being as though me and my friends just had a bday dinner! But I will be back very soon!I gave this place 5 stars ...... 5 negative stars that is.   Took the family, looks nothing like the pics online..... 3 tables, poor service, some food under cooked some over cooked. Used a groupon  (got scammed), had to pay additional. What a mess of a place............ We will never go again, do yourself a favor go to McDonalds instead.We got seated off in the corner away from the music and crowd in the hookah lounge with a new waitress that had no clue what the hell she was doing drinks were tiny as hell and watered down. Might try food idk
So I tried the food. Just as bad as the service not to mention they applied 22% gratuity to the total bill they were lucky to have gotten 5%. Our hookahs didn't work even after they switched it twice took half the staff to figure it out and still not work. Waste of money hire new staffThe hookah and the drinks are good! Service by tory is excellent!! I ordered the chicken kebab and they have me bland boneless chicken thighs and it wasnt on a stick. It was horrible. I would just stick to the bar food. Wings, fries or quesadillasFormally "Istanbul Lounge" This review goes into great detail, so it is extremely lengthy! Since there is a character limit, there are 2 parts--reposted since management is the same, just new name and Decor.
PART 1:
VERY unprofessional. The owner "Sal" is a very outgoing, colorful/friendly character-- but is usually drunk and unable to resolve issues. I visited this place on South Street a few times in the past and only dared to order hookah. 
The last time I visited with friends, it was fairly empty with about 5 other groups of people throughout the night. We each paid a $5 cover charge and were seated upstairs in the hookah lounge. After being greeted by a server, we ordered a hookah and, after a food menu was offered to us, decided to take a look and order! 
They offer a pretty good selection ranging from chicken tenders and fries to lamb gyro wraps. A friend went on and ordered a chicken quesadilla combo and, since I had only tried a lamb gyro wrap once before in my life and Istanbul Lounge offers genuine Turkish cuisine, I decided to order the gyro with "the works" and couldn't wait to try it!
We were shocked when our server came over with receipts-- apparently we had to pay for everything before we were serviced (which was odd, but understandable because some people take full advantage of their lack of customer service and just walk out on their bills)-- but that should never be an issue when an running any business. Needless to say, we paid before service without questioning.
After paying for our hookah and food, we waited patiently, chatted, and observed the atmosphere. After 40 minutes of waiting, our hookah came out. An hour FOLLOWING that, our food came out. We were so hungry by then and everything looked delicious! My "lamb gyro wrap" was well seasoned and beautifully presented on a plate of white rice with lamb, lettuce, radish, and onions on top. I assumed that the wrap was beneath it all-- sort of like an open faced sandwich/wrap. 
I took a few small bites of the food. However, I didn't find a wrap beneath the rice, so I went over to let an employee know that my order may have been wrong. I also looked at the receipt (which I should have reviewed before endorsing) and saw that I had been charged $16.99 for "lamb" as opposed to $10.99 for what I requested. Sal, the owner, was lingering close by so I decided to let him know. However, he was too drunk to resolve it as he talked in circles with very slurred speech... he eventually referred me to his manager...I've ordered delivery from here dozens of times. The food here is a hit or miss, it seems, based on which chef is making the food (or one chef has crazy mood swings).
Take for example, their falafel platter. Sometimes the falafel is delicious and crispy. Sometimes it's a bit bland. Last night, however, tasted like something that came out of the microwave / frozen food aisle. To add insult to injury, the lettuce, onions, and carrots had absolutely no dressing whatsoever when all other times they did. 
Also, I sometimes ask them to add an extra pita, and they'll do this correctly only half of the time. I'd rather they charge for extra pita, so they remember to put it in my order.The happy hour is one of the best in the city everyday from 7-9pm everything is 50% off drinks,hookah, food. I ordered the BBQ wings and they were amazing. 
The owner is a very hard working guy and ensures customer service and satisfaction of his customers. 
I have been to his previous establishment when he had another middle restaurant on South street over 4 years ago. He is always very friendly, approachable, and talks to all his customers.
I have never had the Italian food at His and Hers yet wonder what the Lasagna and Fettucine Alfredo taste like. His and Hers is very interesting due to the fact the food menu is a fusion of Turkish,American, and Italian food. 
The server I had was very unprofessional and her service was very slow. 
Yet, what made that up was the management is very stellar and does a good job responding back and correcting problems when you speak to them. The manager is very improvement focused and cares about his customers.Great atmosphere, food and service. The hummus is great. And love the outside seats on the sidewalk. Oh and the owners. What great people!owner called me back the next day and offered me to try the place again with credit i used to purchase last order. customer service is very good, very nice person thank you George for the call and i will either re order or come in and i will re review your restaurantIf I could give this place zero stars I would. Service is horrible, they have pregnant bartenders working here, they're slow, no one knows anything. Completely ridiculous!!! Never coming back, don't come here! And here are bugs, I've been here 4 hours and my hookah still isn't working!After seeing my review I was contacted by the owner with an offer to refund my money and redeliver my order. 
Tonight we received the redilvery. The food was reasonably warm considering the distance of delivery. 
The chicken parm sandwich now came on a hoagie roll which made it more food for the money and was a huge improvemet. The burger had no lettuce or tomatoe and no condiments  but much better peopoetion to the roll and dwfinitelt better flavor. 
Honestly still not overly impressed for a $35 bill, but a definite improvememt over our last experience.UPDATE:  
OK!  So, since my initial review, my girlfriend and I have made HIS AND HERS our weekly go to spot while I am in Philadelphia.  And they just do not disappoint.  We love the environment, the people are so freakn awesome and we finally tried the food on a couple of different occasions.  I would recommend the Salmon or the Brozino (which I learned is a fish from Turkey).  They both were just delicious.  My girlfriend had lamb chops. She was mad I don't eat meat because she really wanted me to try them.  She said they were to die for.  You can say, I am SOLD on this place.  When I am back in Philly, I will definitely be back at His and Hers!  Oh and based on another review from Yelp, I tried the Baklava... Just DO IT! ;)We were expecting to come to Istanbul restaurant. They have changed the name. We were expecting a BYOB experience but the place now has a liquor license. The manager/owner was very accommodating. I added a few pictures of the meal we had. The Baba Ganoush was not for me but their Hummus was outstanding. I enjoyed my lamb kabob. This restaurant is very confusing. You can tell that they are trying to change things to make it more South Street friendly. Half of the menu has a moustache which is supposed to represent authentic food. The other half of the menu has a pair of lips which is supposed to represent American food. The Turkish decorations mixed with a girly Ikea apartment feel is really confusing. They have all of these cool Turkish decorations with 90's music and colorful vases with flowers. I don't get it. With that being said... we loved the food and will be back.WAYYYY too expensive. 5 tablespoons of hummus for 6 dollars and 5 small grape leaves for 6 dollars. Disappointingly overpriced.Was meeting a friend in the city and had no plans as to where to eat. Literally he passed it and took a look at the menu and suggested it once I arrived in town. Took a walk down the street and to take a look at the menu and agreed that he had found something great/in our price range! Depending on what you get for entrees it's average $15-$25 
We were greeted by the owner while walking through the door. Then were able to pick wherever we wanted to sit. (There was also a huge chance of rain so not too many people out).
Our server Mike was new but don't be turned away by that because he was very attentive through out the entire meal! I'd have him again as my server in a heartbeat!
The menu is is a very interesting concept. It is split up into His and Hers section for each food (apps, entrees, etc). His take is Turkish and Hers is Italian/American. We had a few questions and our server was unsure about a few things and actually brought the owner over to discuss all the dishes we had questions about. Very helpful with our selections and made inexcellent recommendations! 
We started off with the hummus.  I am very picky about my hummus, but this was delicious. The texture is very smooth. Went with the his selection and it is served with warm pita. Next time I'd try the Hers - there's more garlic in it.
For my entree, I ordered the the His Lamb Amadad kebab by recommendation. I was not let down! Quite a plate came out of the kitchen. You get two lamb kebabs, yogurt/dill sauce (don't knock it until you try it), two different rice/grains, shreded lettuce, shreded carrots and red onions. The kebas on their own are delicious. Then there is option to mix and match flavors with everything on the plate. It is one outstanding dish!
Finally, we finished off with baklava. I've had this many times but this was great. It's not overly sweet and the pastry is flaky not soggy like others I've had.This is was my first time ordering from here I feel like it took too long for the food to be ordered then the driver never came and called me from the first time he called me the second time and I had to call them to figure out what was taking so long for a small order be more professional and more time consumableI ordered food from here (via grub hub) and it never arrived. When I contacted them to inquire, they would not refund me.. and said I would get store credit.
I called back a few days later to use the "credit" .. but they said they couldn't authorize anything without a manager on staff. I had given them my grub hub order # to authenticate the credit and everything. 
I waited for 3 hours.... They promised to call me back, but never did. Disappointing.(PART 2):
The manager seemed bothered that there was an issue and was very snarky. In my most polite, business professional demeanor, I let him know what the issue was and offered several solutions which included keeping the price as is, but replacing whatever I had been given with a lamb gyro wrap (I had a taste for it).
He began to behave defensively, with an erratic temper which he seemed to tame through sarcastic smiling, laughing, and facial expressions; leaving me confused and very uncomfortable.
He then began speaking very aggressively to me as if my agenda was to take advantage (which was not the case at ALL) saying things like, "what do you want from me, huh?... You got your food, it's delicious isn't it?... I saw you picking at it!". After that point, it appeared that I was dealing with someone who may have had a history of aggressive behavior and/or anger management issues, so I quietly/calmly explained to him that I had only tried a lamb gyro wrap once before in my life and that I had no idea how they would present. He then accused me of lying and at that point, one of my friends (a very business professional MBA graduate who supervises a department at a large financial institution) came over to see why I had been taking so long. 
After she witnessed the manager's erratic behavior and noticed the look of concern on my face, she became a bit flustered and explained the situation a bit more assertively than I had and went on to report about the lack of service and the fact that our table had been brought complementary drinks (for the long wait)--which we had later been charged for.
The manager then stated, "well the kitchen is closed, so now what?" and began speaking extremely loud, claiming that my food had been picked over and so there was no way he would solve the issue. He even took the liberty to storm over to our table, looked over my full plate of food and yelled across the room, "eh? yea it looks like you picked over it so, no."
It was very unprofessional for the manager to bicker with customers and to cause such a ruckus over a wrong order. 
I then politely let the man know that perhaps he could reverse the transaction and charge me $10.99 for a gyro wrap instead-- because there is a huge difference between whatever I had and what I had requested. I would have never ordered food from a hookah lounge that cost over $11-- so it was very inconvenient.
At that point, all 4 of my very patient/understanding, MBA graduate, business professional friends were at the counter giving the man a piece of their minds regarding his lack of customer service/business ethics.
We gave up on the issue and walked out of the establishment without any resolution because it was clear that we weren't making any progress. As we were leaving, the Manager exclaimed "I'll remember your faces!!"-- which sounded more like a threat.
UGH!! Long story, I know! In conclusion, Istanbul Lounge on South Street in Philly is a no-go in my book.Ordered a ranch wrap and spagetti and meatballs, food arrived two hours later, pasta was mushy (verge of inedible) and ice cold. 
My "ranch" wrap was a ceasar wrap. When i called and explained the situation, the employee said that " since i touched food he cant do shit" i asked for a managed. After 10 mins on hold, he told me very swiftly, without an appology, that it would be refunded, and without asking any information, he hung up.
This establishment has terrible food and service. If i could do 0 stars i would.Cool place to go to on South St on a Saturday night. Hookah guy was very attentive, even though he was super busy. Plenty of seating. Hookah was very good.So i went on a Friday . I like the atmosphere but the music was way to loud you have to scream to be heard. there is a upstairs. The female bartender with the short hair and glasses is the BOMB!!! she makes the drinks so fm awesome.This place is a lifesaver when you get serious munchies at 2am and you don't wanna leave your bed. The food was delivered in less than an hour and everything we ordered was as expected. The chicken parm was good. No complaints here. Just thankful that this place caters to the night owls.My friend and I decided to try this place out because we were looking for an inexpensive hookah lounge. This place is perfect to just chill and hangout with friends. It is also BYOB which is a major plus. They also have a pool table and a bar. Our waiter was phenomenal! Make sure to ask for Mike when you go there. You will not regret it. He is very attentive and friendly.My husband and I feel more at ease now that that the business owner contacted us and apologized, i feel sorry that this took place due to the laziness and ignorance of these two workers, and if I'm able to taste their cuisine and appreciate it, i will be happy to write a positive review.This place use to be the spot for my friend and I. Their first time opening was amazing. We discovered this place when they sent out flyers on south street to attract new customers. My friends and I always come here for some billiard fun and drinks. Met the owner once when he allowed to us to smoke by the pool table. I come here every time I visit Philadelphia from California. My last encounter was on Friday the 27th. Not sure if there was an event or not but the capacity wasn't the issue. We sat at the bar for 10 minutes trying to get the bartenders attention to order drinks. The bartender noticed us but was not attentive at all. She was conversing with her coworker but none of them addressed our presence. I am giving a one star because customer appreciation was not accepted here as we felt that we did not fit their demographics for them to serve us to stay. It was very discouraging as we left feeling discriminated. I guess they wanted to keep public image rather than serving loyal customers.Went here on a Friday around 11pm for a friend's bday. The cover charge was $20 to get in at that time. It was a few people downstairs playing pool, we headed upstairs as my friend was told she would receive a free hookah b/c it was her birthday. It wasn't too packed upstairs but a nice amount of people were there so far. I did like that we were able to pick our table and the music was lit. Now on to what I didn't like...sigh...our waitress was the slowest person on earth!! What she was doing with her life when she should have been getting our drinks, I have no idea...mind you, we didn't order any food, just drinks and we were waiting for over a half hour...I finally spotted her and she immediately seen my face and asked what was the problem...I told her we hadn't received our drinks and of course she responded that she was getting them right now...(this slow process continued all night)...the drinks came (first time)...mind you I ordered a double shot of Jameson with peach snapps and sprite (which came in a little plastic cup) I tasted nothing but snapps and sprite...I swear on everything their liquor is watered down because although we weren't trying to get trashed, we proceed to take shots all night and left feeling completely sober...PROS: Good music and nice set up...CONS: Slow service (better off ordering from the bar) and weak drinksI can't get enough of HIS & HERS for happy hour! Great service. Great specials. There is something for everyone and... they are building a roof deck! :))I can't believe this place still exists. My most recent experience with them was a phone call to check how long delivery would take. They said 30-40 min.  I then placed the online order (keep in mind this was for 8 people at 1 am). I get a call from Eat24 30 min later (so we were just waiting) that the restaurant just called them and no one could deliver. Just insane service and subpar food. 
Stay far far awayOrdered during the jonas storm and the delivery driver had to walk down my entire street to finish the delivery (i live at the end of the street). I wish I had more cash to have tipped him more, because that is pure dedication.If you are looking for the best palace on south shorter this is it.  Every time I come it just gets betterI found this place at first hard to find but we were determined to go there because we has a 15% off coupon. 
The menu is split up into His and Hers 
His, being the Turkish food and Her's being American fair
We had the best Baba Ganoush I have had in a restaurant or store (that might sell it). Just in case you don't know what this is... Baba Ganoush is a mash of roasted eggplant, garlic and tahini (sesame butter). It's the same concept as hummus but instead of chick peas (a.k.a hummus) it's roasted eggplant. It was the right balance of eggplant, tahini and garlic. And we had some wonderful warm bread to dip it into. 
We ordered the roasted eggplant dish too. I guess we were on an eggplant kick that day. It was melt in your mouth delicious. I highly recommend it. I think it might convert people who are not sure they like eggplant to like it. Each plate comes with rice and bulgur wheat (which is a flavorful grain). The rice was nicely seasoned and so its a nice accompaniment for the eggplant. Then a light salad with a light dressing. I thought the dressing was also well balanced. Not overly tart or oily like in other Middle Eastern restaurants I have been to. 
The Samsun kebabs were not my favorite but it was good. Its spiced chicken wrapped in thin bread and then sliced in bite size pieces, with red and white sauce on top. The chicken was flavorful but I could do without the bread. Maybe I just don't get this dish. We should have listened to the waitress who recommended the Adana Kebab which had more meat. 
They also offer American fair so if you're not up to trying something new you can still order pizza (Her's). But I recommend trying one of the Turkish dishes (His)
The service was awesome. Our waitress was so wonderful in answering all our questions and the food came out quickly. The ambiance was comfortable and nicely decorated. I like that there was live music too.The service was great but the need to play more African music because all they play is hip hop and RnB.Shout out to the bartender Mike, he looks out and is mad cool. I highly recommend coming to this place and being served by this guy. 5 stars thanks to this guyDelicious, fresh, well priced food(Salmon) and really nice bartender (Sal). Will definitely be back!Ordered from here twice via a delivery service and it's a favorite!
The food is delicious. The manti are amazing--as good as Mom makes! The lamb kabob is moist and flavorful. Hers Hummus is fresh and garlicky. Their salads are so good you'll be dripping bread in the dressing after! I also really like the spicy sauce.
Last time I ordered, the delivery service took nearly two hours to pick up my order. The manager called to explain the situation and to apologize. That was a really nice gesture. 
We'll keep ordering from here for their delicious and extensive menu.Great Happy Hour deals every day of the week! 50% off of everything between 7-9pm. Monday and Tuesday hookah is $5. The owner is awesome. This guy is very attentive and made sure that my friend and I were good. Cool dude
A dj came on about 10pm. They actually have an auxiliary cord for you to hook up your own phone and play music. The dj was pretty good.
There's a lot of seating upstairs. Two floors, upstairs is hookah downstairs is pool and food ordering plus a bar.
I haven't tried any food yet, but my drink(Georgia Peach) was pretty good and only cost $5. Arrive early 7-9 remember everything is 50% off. Just make sure you check your bill for the 50% off lol.I've gone to this place a few times before with no complaints but tonight the service was horrible. It smelled inside and the menus were sticky. We waited over 20 minutes to get our drinks before we dipped. No one was paying attention to the customers, they were just running around probably getting high in the back cuz all I could smell was skunk . Never coming back again .Great, loud music and strong, reasonably priced drinks. Came in here on a Wednesday around 8 p.m. and there was a decent sized, fun crowd. People were up dancing and everything. I gave it three stars because 1. The hookah wasn't that great. It was ok at first but went bad quickly and became very harsh to smoke. 2. Shots were very expensive. Hennessy was $10 a piece. Other than that though I think it's a decent place to come and chill out in for a while on a weekend.Saw a Snap of my in-law smoking hookah, so I decided to stop in after work! First impression , super chill. Bartender Brittany, super chill and cool. I asked her to surprise me with a drink, drink was super good! Service is superb! Food, great ! Hookah, best in the city ! I'll defiantly be back !!It's nice if u like the loud, ratchet, hip hop scene. Great for hookah, drinks and bar food.This place wants a $20 cover but they can't even keep their restrooms up to par! No toilet paper, doors don't shut & lock.It seemed like a low key spot and we hung out for hours. We ordered drinks before happy hour 7-9 ... it was just house rum and pineapple juice. We then ordered 6 drinks during happy hour .... and a set of drinks after that. The service sucked, it was like 3 different servers who couldn't get it together and so I would never leave an open tab with them because they definitely overcharged me. When we were questioning it. The bartender was like oh well u guys been here since 4:30... which isn't true but regardless you were getting paid and we ordered drinks. When our family arrived my cousin ordered a shrimp Caesar salad which the server forgot we ordered and it sucked. Will not visit and don't recommendLove this place the happy hour includes 50% off from 7pm-9pm. The service is always nice and the people are so social!Solid 3 stars. One more star for their happy hour everyday from 7-9! I would recommend trying their "trash can" drink it's great. Also the "Georgia peach" is also delish. Hookah is also juicy. I wouldn't recommend the cheesesteak as mine was burnt and kinda dry. Music is hip Pop and everyone turns up as it gets late. Great place to chill and turn all the way up philly style but not a good place to have conversations because their music is very loud.Jon Taffer would say that this is a bar with an identity crisis.  It doesn't know what it wants to be a hookah lounge, a sports bar or a night club.  Walked in on a Saturday night at 7pm when just about every other bar on South street was packed this place was empty.  When we walked in it was eerily silent.  We're weren't greeted with a smile but silence and the woman behind the bar finally looked over after a minute and said she'd be right with us while she fiddled with her phone.  Avoiding waking out making it more awkward we ordered drinks which were half price, the only good thing about the visit.  Upstairs entirely empty as well.  There was one other guy at the bar and a couple others playing pool.  This bar doesn't stand a chance.Interesting experience! Was surprised to see the new name and setup of the venue, although I haven't dined here prior to this meal. The garlic hummus was incredible... I'd come here again just for bowls of that with the warm pita! I ate the lamb gyro and bf had a different lamb dish. Both were delicious! My only disappointment was the entirety of their bar. They didn't have a drink menu so we just picked out some drinks... then the wine they offered was not cold so they offered to bring out a different one, but that other wine was no good and pretty much undrinkable so we nixed the wine altogether.
They definitely have a few kinks to work out for their bar system, but other than that - great experience. Good food and good service :)Brought my whole crew from the Denmark Mafia here tonight and we had a great time! Best bar in philly by far. The owner is mad chill and will be big on youtube in no time.Mike is the best bartender he is very attentive, and caters to customers... Mike made sure I was satisfied with everything I ordered I can't wait to come back..Lexi was da BEST!!! Changed our hookah out to hit the best!!! Lived the service. Give her a bonus!!Great Hookah and Food was on point They alway show me love when I com ThruCame for the EVERYDAY 7-9pm happy hour! Mike was the BEST bartender! Great time I highly recommend coming here! Not to crowded for a Wednesday! Check it out!!!Bjorn (Danish Mafia) - OnlyUseMeBlade - You showed them hospitality so we show you love.Okay so where do I start.. the cover charge was 20 which was expected but we got a hookah that was barely lit due to the fact that they were using recycled coal and the bartender/hookah girl just look at us like okay what do you want me to do she did not want to give us fresh coal to light the hookah that was 25$ but wanted our money up front couldn't get a refund or a lit hookah so yeah don't waste your money at this establishment.mike is the best bartender around he hooks it up fr go visit!!! great atmosphere and place to come hang outThis place sucks. Bartender did not know what a white russian was or how to make one. Then tried to give my friend a beer that was 70% foam must of been an issue with the tap system or near empty. My next visit a few weeks later the cashier tried to add $4 extra on my friends bill because he probably thought we were drunk idiots. Took forever for him to finally get to me and placing my order. He was running around doing multiple other things. I went to the bathroom then returned where he finally took my order. Food was ok to good but ketchup bottles were empty and only had 2 napkins. This place has potential but they waste it on other meaningless crap like making sure your 20 feet away from the place to smoke a cigarette.. they literally have a guy hired to do only that. Bathrooms are clean though. Just hire better people that know what they are doing.best place ever... everyone is humble and very friendly.Came here early on a Saturday. Waited 20 minutes for 1st round. Still waiting on the second an hour later. Wings were tasty though, they came in 15 minutes. Waitress showed no remorse. Customer service training definitely needed. Shady practices at the bar during "happy hour".This place is so ghetto. The bathroom, at 4pm, has no soap and no toilet paper. Doors don't lock. I ordered a shot of dragon berry Bacardi.... $11!!!!!! Ciroc is also $11 which makes no sense. The bartender said it's because it was flavored! They see Franzia box wine! Wtf I'm completely annoyed by this and I have no issues with paying for drinks but that is price gauging!!!!Do not get the lemon pepper chicken, extremely too salty!!! Couldn't even finish it. Fries were good.The cocktails are strong and yummy. There is a nice selection of hookah flavors. The staff is very attentive! There is usually a DJ in the evenings that I'm there.I've been here 3 times so far. The first time was on a weekend it was super busy the service was absolutely horrible and they charged an insane gratuity charge when our waiter barely ever came back to check on us. Nearly a year later I came back and it was a great experience. One of the guys in there (don't know his name) really hooked us up. The drinks were strong and he gave us a discount on our bill. The third time sadly was Also horrible. I got a strawberry margarita and the cup was filled to the top with ice and I could not taste a drop of alcohol. My friend kept getting pieces of black (god knows what) in her mouth from the hookah and the waiter yet again was very inattentive. They hit us again with a high gratuity charge for poor service. If you luck out and get a good waiter you will have a good time but if not you will leave feeling like you wasted your money. I am not willing to risk it I will not be coming back.Wack! Wack! Just wack. The cover charge is $20, the space is completely overcrowded, food is average at best, drinks are extremely weak, yet extremely overpriced; overall, I would've saved more money and had more fun with drinks, food, and music at my own house. Maybe if I was 18-21, I wouldn't mind it, but for an older/mature crowd(and I'm only 30) I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND. Save your money and time, and go somewhere elseOk this place is REALLY cool. Great atmosphere and  vibe. The food is outstanding.  Very friendly staff. They deliver  now which is great but I enjoy going out. I definately recommend this place. I will be going back soon with a bunch of my friends.the service here is horrible.  it took over an hour for our party to receive our 1st round of drinks. then the food order was incorrect and the drinks weren't even worth the cost for the size or the flavor. Would not recommend.  Very ghettoThe happy hour is cheap AF and the energy is great. I didn't go upstairs. The bathroom was GROSS but a hookah and cocktails during HH is worth it.Music is good! We didn't try the food or drinks. Really just went there for hookah. Hookah is $40 but you get your own personal vessel and you get to take it home with you. It's a tad expensive but whatever.