Love this place. The Sushi is always fresh and well made. I especially love the Miso Manila soup. In the winter, they have a great fireplace which I like to sit near. They do a great job overall.When Hokka Hokka opened, I stopped going to Osaka. 
Delicious, fresh sushi, casual atmosphere and solid, friendly service.  Particularly faves:  
*house salad with ginger dressing (huge salad of fresh mixed greens)
*shrimp shumai 
* sweet potato tempura roll (unusual, and delicious)Ohhhhhhh the negimaki changed the rotation of my universe. It was PERFECTION. Like I purposely chewed each roll at least 32 times just to savor the flavorful tenderness of that steak. Divine.
I also treated myself to Chestnut Hill and Sunday Morning rolls and they were also delectably fresh, crisp and flavorful. Takeout sushi is a bit of a new thing for me so pardon me if I'm still impressed with the commitment to presentation. I've always loved this spot--it's still quite intimate but large enough to come with a few friends, and the service is always impeccable.Meh. the place is a medium sized establishment with a tight parking lot however street parking is available. Service was interesting, apparently they have a 'japanese' greeting of yelling a phrase at you when you walk in the door and it is a japanese custom too. I am not familiar with that and was a bit uncomfortable. The soda was diluted and flat and for 2 bucks I would like that back. I ordered the California Roll and the Spicy Tuna roll and to my disappoint I had to Hokka Hokka loogie. I didn't want to waste food so I dealt with the nausea. I also shared the tempura and teriyaki with friends which was better than the sushi. This place must not be known for sushi. 
The waiter was interesting, he was a bit too energetic and had a 'fake' presentation. He was trying a bit too hard to appear friendly. 
I would come back only for the teriyaki not the sushi.I have been here several times.. The food is very fresh, and the drinks are good. I think the portions could be a bit bigger for the prices.. The outside seating is wonderful when weather permits. Spacious dining and beautiful decor.. One of the better sushi joints in that area.Today, I stopped by Hokka Hokka for my sushi fix during lunch hour. I ordered the Chirashi bowl from their lunch special menu. Now, I've been here before for the same meal and I was pleasantly surprised previously. 13 bucks for a Chirashi bowl seemed pretty reasonable because there was a substantial amount of decent sushi. TODAY however, I was so, SO disappointed. As I opened my to-go container, I was so sad to find a ton a rice, sprinked with very meager portions of PAPER THIN sushi cuts. I still can't believe I paid almost fifteen dollars for this... I could have gotten double the amount and quality at Wegman's. Grand disappointment, Hokka Hokka.Just popped in for lunch--everything was excellent.  Service, atmosphere, greeting, presentation, and sushi.  Reasonable lunch specials abound.  I have been here multiple times for dinner, as well.  The sunshine roll is one of my favorites.  Many years ago, I had a server that was subpar--and a friend of mine had to force me to go here again.  As I write on, I realize that Hokka Hokka is now my preferred Chestnut Hill sushi spot--Came here for a quick bite, so only got to try a couple of things but enjoyed the experience just the same.  We shared a Rainbow Roll, Chestnut Hill Roll (as per James S's recommendation), and a plate of Teriyaki Chicken. The rolls were delicious, if not prone to disintegration as noted by Nicey J. I'm usually not a fan of Teriyaki anything, but this one was pretty good. 
A lot of places load you up on rice and skimp on meat, which Hokka Hokka did not do. Instead, they provided only an ice-cream scoop sized ball of rice.  I'm not deducting anything for that since I'm sure they would have given us more rice if we'd asked, but we were a little pressed for time.
Although the atmosphere is much more casual at Hokka Hokka and food prep lacking, I found the sushi was much more flavorful than at Osaka, and the service more genuine. I'll probably come back for their happy hour.Love the environment at Hokka Hokka, not to mention their impressive array of tasty sushi rolls and sashimi! While I primarily order take out, the staff are always pleasant and professional.Great sushi!  Very chic and casual inside.  They seem to have traditional menu items, but also some different, really creative things as well.  I've always had a great meal here.I really enjoyed this place.  We split several rolls, including the sweet potato tempura roll, avocado, and spicy tuna, as well as gyoza.  Everything was really tasty, the service was friendly and prompt, and my mojito was delicious.  This really hit the spot after a long day of moving.We went there tonight for the first time. Service was decent and the place looked nice, but the sushi and teriyaki chicken was really sub-par especially for the prices. Hikaru (either Manayunk or South St) provides much more quality for the money.This is my go-to sushi spot - seriously, I'm here once a week and would be here more offen if it was financially feasible to live on sushi alone.  This place never disappoints.  Always great sushi at reasonable prices.  Friendly staff and good atmosphere.  Has a fireplace which is perfect on winter nights.  Somehow they manage a versatile atmosphere - totally appropriate for a date or a night out with friends, but also did not hesitate to take the family for post-Broad Street Run dinner.  The only unfortunate aspect to the place (like many others on Chestnut Hill) is the sparse parking.  But not a reason to be deterred.Cozy little restaurant with good sushi and great service. We ordered the Spicy love roll, chef spec. Lobster roll (fried), spicy hamachi, sake maki and spicy tuna. Not a huge fan of the spicy love roll but the lobster roll was excellent. The best part of this dining experience was the service.
There are also small parking spaces on the right side of the restaurant which helps a lot.I really like the food but the customer service has left a bad taste in my mouth. I made a takeout order and specifically requested that one on my rolls be made with no sauce. When I got home with my order, it was incorrect. Upon calling the restaurant to let them know the error, I was told that they were sorry, my name would be given to the chef and then bye....How about offering to fix my order to my specifications???? Luckily my daughter loves sushi and was glad to have it all to it all to herself. Hokka Hokka will not see a dime of my money again.  Check your takeout order before you leave!Hokka Hokka beats Osaka in my book.  I actually like the open restaurant layout.  Their decor is really nice, and it's clean, and smells like a sushi restaurant (see my review on Osaka).  
The server was very friendly and knowledgeable on the different sakes.  Service was prompt and efficient.  Sushi is never cheap, so we expected to pay a lot, since we also ordered a lot.
The sushi was rolled perfectly, not too much rice and lots of goodness inside.  My husband's sashimi was fresh and cleanly cut.  Everything was delicious.
We also order from them regularly for take out.  They are great about ordering in advance.  I can order earlier in the day and ask them to have it ready by a certain time so it's fresh when I pick it up.  Great all around.I simply order 3 rolls over the phone. Nice woman answered. I asked to sub brown rice. Some places it is no cost. Some charge a small fee. Usually not a big deal. However charging $4.00 per roll for brown rice is absurd. I paid $12 for rice?  The rolls  with white rice would have been $18-19.We eat here a lot- did I mention a lot?? And we like it very much. The staff is incredibly helpful and polite and not overbearing. Your water glass is low- suddenly it's filled and you didn't even notice! That's the way I like my wait staff. And the selection is large, fresh and yummy. I crave the Hokka soup with soft pieces of shrimp and crunchy sliced snow peas. My other half enjoys the sweet potato rolls to no end. Salads are huge (we joke and say it's the unending bowl of lettuce). There is an amazing fried tofu appetizer- lightly fried, tangy dark sauce. The atmosphere is comfortable but warm ( I like the touches of candles on the table, fireplace). Just added a full bar and gave ot free samples of saki. How can you beat that? This place works hard to provide excellent and fresh food and service without you feeling like they are working hard. Love it. Go there. Relax.Hokka Hokka is the most comfortable sushi spot I've ever eaten in.  You feel at home.  This is due to the beautiful decor and the big fire place they have going during the winter.  More importantly, the food is delicious.  Possibly my favorite roll of all time, The Chestnut Hill Roll, has become something that I often crave.  It is a must try if you come in.  Also, this may sound weird but I had the best edamame I ever had last time I was in.  I don't know why, but it was just so soft and perfectly salted.  For dessert, they also have the best fried ice cream I've ever eaten, and I've had my fair share.  I think they put cinnamon in the batter or something, but it's amazing! 
My only issues are that the specialty sushi roll menu is a little small for my liking and for some reason my rice seems to fall off in excessive amounts when I dip it in soy sauce. Others I've dined with have not had these problem though.  Maybe I'm just an aggressive dipper.
Overall, place is great. I definitely recommend it!Hands down the best sushi in Philadelphia! Quick service and the sushi is delicious! Wonderful customer service, reasonably priced food, and nice atmosphere! Looking for a quick lunch? They have great lunch specials. Would highly recommend for all sushi lovers!We love the sushi at Hokka Hokka! The Chestnut Hill, the no name are our favorite rolls. The salad is huge with delicious dressing. On a recent visit for take-out, they forgot something in my order. They quickly prepared it and didn't charge me because they had forgotten it and were late with the order because they were so busy. Not all places would do that but I consider it excellent custom service to offer something for free when they mess up. My only complaint about Hokka Hokka is that they don't have a children's menu. My daughter doesn't like sushi so I have to pay $14-$16 for a cooked entree that she'll eat.The quality of the sushi is shameful. It was obviously frozen, thawed, and possibly refrozen at some point. It was rubbery and tough in texture. I was very disappointed. There are better sushi options in the area. Save yourself the stomachache.Did a take out for my wife today.. had Salmon, (sake), and Tuna, (maguru) nigiri and two rolls.. one of each.. I also took the steamed shrimp gyoza.. everything was great but just a big pricey.. the guy at the front was great and very helpful and although he told me it might take 15-20 minutes I was out after ten.. overall.. if it wasn't 3$ per ONE nigiri I would've have been a very happy customer.. most likely I'll be back in special occasions..I went to Hokka Hokka twice recently. Both times, the food was good. The miso soup was tasty, and the first time I had the Philly roll (smoke salmon and cream cheese- $6.50) and a shrimp tempura roll ($7.50). The Philly roll was on the small side. The shrimp tempura pieces were larger, but you only get four in a roll (whereas the Philly roll comes with 6). Regardless, both of the rolls were on par with most sushi I have had and I definitely don't have any complaints about the taste. 
The second time I went, the food was equally good. I got the sweet potato tempura roll, which was flavorful and had a good consistency (it came with 6 pieces that were roughly the same size as the Philly roll- $6). I also got the Chestnut Hill roll (tuna, tempura crunch, spicy sauce, avocado). I was a big fan of the later. The tuna and the avocado made the roll creamy, yet it was not too creamy because the tempura gave it a nice contrasting crunch. It was also bigger than the other rolls I have ordered, but it was more expensive ($12).
I also got the mochi for desert ($4?). Mochi is ice cream wrapped in some sort of thin rice patty, and it was tasty and had an interesting texture- the rice patty gave it a slightly chewy consistency, which was pleasant. You get six pieces of mochi- 2 green tea, 2 red bean, and 2 vanilla. All of them are good. By the way, the hot saki is excellent. It has a slightly sweet taste and doesn't have an overly strong alcohol taste (some saki I have had at other places has tasted like rubbing alcohol). 
I only have two complaints about the place- the second time we went the service was pretty slow. We got a seat immediately, but it took about 30-40 minutes to receive our food. Also, my sweet potato roll was relatively cold. I realize that sushi generally isn't hot, but I like it when my tempura is at least warm. But, as already stated, it was still good. The first time we went, the service was much faster, so the slow service the second time was probably just because they were busy (we went at 7pm on a Friday). 
My second complaint is that the second time I went, I was still hungry after leaving. This might have something to do with the fact that I hadn't eaten all day prior to going to Hokka Hokka. But, as I and others have stated, the portions can be kind of small. 
Pros:
-Good food
-Nice servers 
-Price of sushi is average
-nice ambiance 
-Hot saki is good
Cons:
-Service can be slow when it is busy
-Some of the rolls are smallAbsolutely delicious. We went with a party of four and between us had a really good sample of different things on the menu and everything was consistently excellent. 
Firstly the restaurant is beautiful - spacious and airy but the decor gives it a nice warmth. The staff were attentive but unintrusive. Never had to think about asking for water, things would just magically appear throughout the night. 
So the food. We started off with beef negimaki, beef was moist with a blush of pink wrapped around perfectly cooked asparagus. Then white fish carpaccio which was garnished with jalapeno which worked really well. Mixed tempura and avocado tempura, which I'd never tried before - all light and crisp and great. 
Mains we had a sashimi and sushi platter, soft shelled crab and king crab rolls, and a big seafood stew I can't remember what this was called but it was fantastic. The fish was beautifully fresh and really well prepared. 
Finished off with coffee and green tea and red bean ice cream. 
Really lovely dining experience, we will definitely be back with friends and family.well, i was VERY impressed the two times i went.  teble service once and sushi bar the second trip. 
the sushi is very good quality & fresh.  the menu was varied, which i really liked. not the "usual" run of the mill japanese.  loved it - in fact i'll be going back tomorrow evening.  ENJOYDescriptive positive statements can't begin to describe the excellence of Hokka Hokka.  Every visit to this spot ends with total satisfaction and delight.
Decor: simple yet classy and tasteful.
Food: authentic, fresh and well prepared.  Their special rolls are incredible.  The sushi chefs perfect their craft and provide innovative and tasty items that are always leaving me wishing I had one more piece when the meal has completed. 
I continue to go here time and time again because of their service, quality and attention to detail and consistent amazement at the skill and abilities of their team.Dinner here is always delicious! Staff is so helpful and accommodating. Food is delicious especially the tempura specialty rolls. Definitely get the mochi for dessert.I went here with my family last night and enjoyed some good sushi and a delicious scallop appetizer! This is one of our go-to Japanese places for the fresh food, reasonable prices, and pleasant ambience. The aesthetic is a classy twist on casual, and makes for both a fun experience of going out to eat and a relaxing dinner. 
The house salad with a ginger dressing and avocado is a perfect, light and healthy-- yet flavorful-- way to start the meal. The miso soup is also very good. We usually go for the grilled scallop appetizer; the peanut sauce is great. The sushi is good too -- I'm not much of a seafood person, but my mom loves the Hollywood Roll and Spicy Love. 
The service is attentive, and the waitress was prompt and happy to answer questions about the menu.We are locals and just love this place  It is usually just the two of us so we sit at the sushi bar.  It is not a hip or atmospheric as Osaka, but the service is, as a rule,  fantastic, and the prices are much better.  The owner, Grace, is delightful.  We love everything- last time we had the sunshine and Mr. Hokka roll.  This particular Friday, the waitress took a couple minutes to get over to us and after we ordered cocktails, she took her time getting us water before she even placed the drink order so that was weird.  maybe just inexperience or else she just missed the GET US WINE NOW look in our eyes......This review is long time coming...
Hokka Hokka (HH)is a really good restaurant. I will comment on the sushi bar as this is where I always sit.
When you first arrive at HH, there is a charming feel to it...like walking into an English cottage. As you enter HH, the vibe of cool Eastern washes over you. The colors, decor, music and vibe all come together well together.
I like sitting at the sushi bar as the owner is the primary chef. He takes great pride in making very tasty and artistic presentations. I generally ask for modified menu items and he always delivers. For example: a white tiger roll with jalapeño mixed inside and topped with bonito.
The fish here always is fresh and savory. You will be completely satisfied whether you order sashimi or nigiri. The sake sashimi and tako sashimi are my personal favorites.
There is a full cocktail bar at HH. The bartender is talented and personable. The staff is always engaging and genuine.
Parking is easy if you don't park in HH's very small lot.So-so lunch. Good miso, rich, warm enough, not too salty. Sushi rolls very ordinary at best. Rice ok but not great. One special roll was not that special.Of the two excellent neighborhood Japanese restaurants in the area (the other being the also really good Osaka up the hill), this is my favorite. The service is always friendly, the food fresh and excellent and the space is bright and inviting. Sure, you'll find better food at a super-fancy place downtown, but this is as good as it gets for neighborhood sushi. 
I especially like going on a winter night and enjoying the fireplace in the center of the room.I travel a lot for work and I always try to find a good sushi spot. I still have yet to find somewhere better than here. This is by far the best I've ever had - hands down. Service, food, atmosphere on point!This is our new sushi place in Chestnut Hill. Great ambiance -- there is even some bistro style seating, weather permitting of course, fast efficient service and above all, excellent sushi and sashimi!  Unlike a couple of other sushi places in the area, this one is not pretentious or even that expensive. Service is courteous, efficient, and helpful making for a great dining experience!Well-run Japanese restaurant that consistently draws us back.  Nice setting, great rolls (love the Spider - my favorite!), decent prices and efficient, pleasant service so you can enjoy your meal but not feel rushed. Reasonable beer and wine list.  Just tried them for take-out, and got a feast for 2 for under $40.  Draws families, dates and groups of friends. Overall a nice vibe and good food.The rolls are definitely on the small side.  I had the spicy tuna and volcano, and while I appreciated the scallop topping on the volcano, the rolls were just okay.  They weren't bad but not really memorable.  The spicy tuna wasn't exactly spicy.  Service was friendly and prices aren't too high.This place is truly great. Their food is remarkable quality, and a fair price.
My only complaint is the service. Maybe it was a bad night, but it felt like the service was not nearly as quick as it should have been.
I will definitely be going back! Very good place.It's a nice casual place in the neighborhood for me to get good sushi at a fair price. Never had a bad experience here. Their service is good and they have a nice selection of special rolls as well as standard. Everything tasted fresh. I like that their standard rolls aren't overpriced for their location (Chestnut Hill). I also enjoyed their fried oyster.Based on the many glowing reviews on this page I can only assume we hit this place on an off night. A very off night. 
Service was great and I really liked the layout. But the sushi just wasn't good. My fiance had miso soup, an eel roll and a yellowtail roll. He said the miso soup was the same as it was everywhere else. I tried a piece of the yellowtail roll and it was VERY fishy, which, as you know, should not be. He ate it but his stomach wasn't right for the rest of the weekend.
I got a spicy tuna roll and a spider roll. First problem, it fell apart the second you touched it. I'm a sushi novice but I know that's wrong. I've never had softshell crab before but I thought it tasted "off." But, again, never had it before so I'm not sure if this is what it takes like or if there really was a problem. The spicy tuna was all right ... not my favorite kind of sushi and I don't think I'd order it again. Didn't really taste like anything. Needless to say, with all the amazing sushi places in the area, I don't think we'll be back. I think we'll try Osaka next time ...We were I n the mood for Japanese- not in the mood to drive to Center City & search for parking, so it was totally convenient to stay in the neighborhood. It wasn't very busy and the vibe was very low key. With the exception of the fellow diner facetiming and talking loudly, the atmosphere was fine. We sat at the sushi bar, and took advantage of a few Happy Hour specials. The sake drink special was very good. The miso soup was as expected, however the veggie spring rolls cane out lukewarm. The Dragon roll was fine, but the Chestnut Hill roll was my favorite. Downside The parking lot was very small.We have made it a tradition to go here every Valentines Day! I must say this is probably one of the freshest sushi places I have been to. They offer everything from sushi, sashimi, noodle bowls to crazy sushi rolls. Most recently we were blown away with the lobster sushi roll so good! Lightly fried wrap topped with lobster. This is a must try. They also offer cocktails, wine and beer. They have a happy hour Monday to Friday 5-7 but does not include holidays. This is a cute quaint place to go to for sushi especially in the winter when they have the fireplace going.The place was nice enough.  Almost entirely empty, fireplace, nice ambiance, nice service.
As for the food, I am a vegetarian.  When I go to a sushi place, I want options.  I know this is possible because I've seen them, eaten them, and loved them (*cough* Vic's *cough*).  I would like more than:
avocado roll
cucumber roll
sweet potato roll
and the always enticing, "mixed vegetable roll" with no explanation
It's kind of bullshit but it's pretty common in meh sushi restaurants.  As it turns out, most sushi restaurants are meh and Hokka was no exception.  A great list of exciting specialty rolls but not a single one that's vegetarian.  Shame.
So I ordered the mixed vegetable teriyaki.  I guess they replaced the tofu option that I had seen online.
It was as you'd expect: boring.  A pile of vegetables (broccoli, carrots, asparagus, peppers) in teriyaki next to a scoop of rice.
I guess I can say that I was disappointed but not surprised.I'm usually all about Hokka. There is an undeniably incredible atmosphere and food. However, tonight was unusual. Maybe it's because of the upcoming holiday, but either way, it was unacceptable in my opinion.
The food was great, but the service was extremely poor. It was clear the waiter and chefs were overextended. It took extremely long to even get water. 
My friend ordered a teriyaki dish - typical menu item. After waiting an hour for our food, the waiter came out with sushi rolls, but no teriyaki. He proceeded to tell us it would be right out. 10 minutes later, he came up to us and told my friend that it would take another 10 minutes. 
At this point, my friends and I were already finished our meals. We cancelled the teriyaki and got a check. Normally I would understand, but a manager did not come up to us. Asking for a comp on something might be overextended, but I believe we should've gotten an apology.My boyfriend and I went here to celebrate our anniversary and were very happy with our decision! The atmosphere is very relaxed and comfortable. Although we were dressed up, there were people wearing t-shirts and shorts and both types of dress were equally welcome. The service was phenomenal, definitely one of the best waitresses I have ever had.
We shared the fried oyster appetizer and it was absolutely delicious-perfectly cooked and full of flavor. We ordered the lobster roll, shrimp California roll, and teriyaki chicken to share as well. The lobster roll was one of the best meals I have ever eaten. It was a perfect combination of flavors, especially with the lobster salad on top. The California roll was excellent as well and really satisfied my craving for sushi. The teriyaki chicken was well cooked and the sauce was delicious. We ordered more food than we thought we could eat with the intention of bringing home leftovers, but everything was so good that we practically kicked our plates clean. We finished off the meal with Oreo mousse cake that was even better than it sounds. We also ordered hot saki with our meal. Normally I don't particularly like saki, but this was so good that we ordered another one.
This was one of the best dining experiences I have had from start to finish. I will definitely be returning at every available opportunity!I love it here.  There is a small parking lot and the atmosphere is warm and cozy.  There is a fireplace in the winter.  The designer rolls are delicious and I always see something new i want to try that is innovative and different.  I have been going here for years and have never had anything but great food and service.best sushi hands down in the greater Philadelphia area! Their happy hour is great too! Favorite spotThe sushi is the freshest fish I've had around here. Good service and delicious food.Totally decent and well priced. Service was a bit slow. Cocktails were weak.I live fairly close to Hokka Hokka and each time I got I'm pleasantly surprised by something they've added to their menu. I'm an avid sushi lover, but am a bit particular as I am always on the lookout for fresh, cost friendly sushi. HH fits both of these criteria.
The menu at HH is expansive, including many typical delicious foods:  Sushi, speciality rolls, udon, teriyaki, etc. Their No Name roll is awesome. Spicy, fresh, and beautifully crafted.
The hidden gem of HH is their speciality cocktail menu. They have a handful of carefully crafted delicious cocktails. I'm a fan of their saketini. It's delicious.
The staff at HH is friendly, atmosphere nice, and (most importantly) they have great Happy Hour specials!Pros: 
-The nigiri sushi was tasty and fresh, and the rice was properly cooked and seasoned. The cuts were fine, but appropriate size.
- The server was very polite.
- It was very family friendly.
Cons:
 - The menu is very limited, really focusing on the special rolls, with only a couple of sushi assortment options. Other than sushi, udon or teriyaki is really the only other option, none of the other basic Japanese items I'd like to see like donburi, tonkatsu, etc. I particularly missed a chirashi bowl, that's only a lunch option.
-My husband's chicken udon was just plain bad. As he described it "When I chewed the chicken, it was so dry and cardboard-y, it seamed to suck all the moisture out of my body." Stick to the sushi.
- It's very pricy for what you get. I ordered the chef sushi assortment, and it was basically sake, hamachi, and maguro. I was hoping for tako, ika, ikura, or unagi. The absence of unagi was particularly glaring. 9 pieces of nigiri and a couple of tekka rolls was $27.
-The happy hour? They knock $1 off the price of a couple of menu items. Considering a spider roll was $13, that's not much of a discount.
- Every one of their special rolls seemed to come with the spicy mayo sauce, even though it was not mentioned on the menu. I was a little surprised when they came out that way, since I had talked with the server about making the sushi without wasabi and spice for the children. The server very politely and eagerly offered to re-make the rolls, but we were done with our meal by the time the rolls were done.
- Lastly, this is only a little pet peeve, but when told the server it was our daughter's birthday, he smiled and nodded, but that was it. Other reviewers noted that this was a nice place to come for a celebration, but I guess they don't do anything for birthdays any more.Great good, stylish decor, top-notch speed-of-service.Never disappoints. Hokka Hokka keeps getting better. Great specials and nice variety on the menu. Waitstaff is awesome. This is our go to spot in CH.Although I am not blown away by the sushi, I love the bar.  They make great cocktails. The bartender Jesse makes a delicious Mojito.Whenever my besties & I are in town at the same time, Hokka Hokka is our go-to spot to catch up! Last night was no exception. 
We started our evening with some wine (BYOB on Mondays, and some other nights as well, but you'd have to check on that) while we perused the menu. Not sure why we had to peruse, because we almost always order the same thing.
SHUMAI: 5 steamed shrimp dumplings. There's nothing exceptional about them, and are exactly what you'd expect. 
HOUSE SALAD: Not your typical house/green salad. This salad is a huge portion, and a lot fancier than your typical iceberg salad with probably just a radish slice. A large bed of mixed greens, topped with cabbage, sliced tomatoes, spiralized carrots, and slices of perfectly ripe avocado on top, dressed in a really delicious miso dressing. Definitely worth a try!
CRAB SALAD: A heaping pile of crab meat on a small bed of shaved cucumber, and again topped with avocado slices. The crab is ogod, but I personally would prefer if it had some sort of sauce to go with it (perhaps a spicy mayo!). We love being crabby though so this is always on our table. 
SPICY TUNA SUNDAE: A martini glass filled with avocado, tempura flakes, and spicy mayo, topped with raw tuna and roe. I always love this, however... I feel as if each time the portion gets smaller (while the price goes up!). 
SALMON AVOCADO ROLL: This is my go-to order at all sushi places. The salmon is always fresh here, but the roll was lacking avocado last night. There's not too much rice at all (which is a good thing in my opinion). 
KING KONG ROLL: This is my friend's absolute favorite. She never even opens a menu when here. This roll is on the bigger side and is filled with crabstick and cream cheese, then deep fried and topped with seared crab salad, spicy sauce, and ell sauce. She swears by it. 
LOBSTER ROLL: My other friend is the unpredictable one when it comes to ordering, and likes to try something different each time. She opted for the lobster roll this time.  Another one of their larger rolls, filled with snow crab and avocado, wrapped in soybean paper, then deep fried and topped with lobster salad and sweet miso dressing. Can you tell we like #crab? She enjoyed her roll, but said it was nothing she was dying to get next time.  
In other news, the service can be unpredictable at Hokka Hokka. On some nights, requests are met immediately, and other nights it's hard to get a waiter's attention, or it takes FOREVER to get some extra spicy mayo, so prepare to be patient. 
Will I go back though? Absolutely. 
P.S. I don't care for their cosmopolitans.Came here for dinner randomly as my friend and I were walking by.
Place was a bit empty but it was sunday night. I got my default Spider roll, we had the minced chicken with lettuce wraps and also shrimp shumai.
I enjoyed the shumai. The chicken with the wraps needed a bit more flavor...like some more pizaaazzz.
My spider roll was a disappointment. I had to bare down and eat it because my guest (who is new to eating sushi type meal) was there and I didn't want to leave a bad impression on her. Something abut the seafood in my meal tasted really nauseating. Eck..not sure what they used but they need to not use it anymore.
Have def had better meals elsewhere. Not sure if I would return.
Staff was pleasant. I enjoyed the drinks I had though.Love love love hookah hookah! Wether dining in or picking up for a nice romantic dinner at home, it's always a great choice. Most important the food is spectacular and the staff is always respectful and curious. Just Try the King Kong roll!!Good enough sushi -- miso soup less warm than i like.  friendly service.  nothing wrong, nothing spectacular.Hokka Hokka lounge is one of the treasures in Chestnut Hill. The sushi chefs are among the best there is from New York City to Boston. We love just plopping down at their 'bar' and indulge. their standard roles and fancy creations either way stay true to Japanese tradition. One thing that was new to the scene during a recent visit: maitre d' / manager. An unfortunate choice, as she caused disruption of the serene atmosphere one is used to dine here. Her self absorbness, and disrespectful treatment of  other personnel makes one feel uncomfortable and embarrassed as a guest.You can not help but compare Hokka Hokka to Osaka, which is right up the street. While I love Osaka, Hokka Hokka won in some categories. I was hesitant to try since Osaka always seemed like the clear winner, but I think Hokka Hokka actually is worth the trip. The service at Hokka Hokka was better! Maybe because it was a slow night, or maybe because they know they need to compete, but we were offered a free appetizer of mussel stew, which was delish and had just the right amount of spice to it. I tried the dragon roll here again and also salmon make ( I am predictable with my fishys) but we also got a scallop roll, shrimp tempura, and a crunchy tuna roll. Everything was good-Osaka's dragon roll is better, but Hokka Hokka's salmon roll was better, so like I said, they both win. I would definitely go back to Hokka Hokka. They have a lot of imagination with their rolls, which means more opportunity to break my predictability.The staff were nice, but the food really isn't as good as Osaka up the street.  
We went on a weekend night and it was empty.Love the sushi here. The best on the hill! Specialty rolls really are great. Service is always good. Fish is fresh. Ginger salad is a favorite. Also a good place for lunch!We had the filet mignon, the new chef didn't use teriyaki but instead a red wine reduction that was wonderful!! The meal was perfect. I will be back. The wind selection was also very nice. Overall I was completely satisfied.Honestly, we still drive from South Philadelphia for this sushi. Best sushi place outside of NYC. I'm never disappointed. Great cocktails. Great service. Great speciality roll selection. Try the chestnut hill! My favorite.Gave Hokka Hokka a shot after living in West Mt. Airy for a while.  The service was excellent and the staff was very attentive.  Visually the restaurant is very nice and airy especially in Chestnut Hill.  They have a parking lot which again is very rare for the neighborhood.  Our dinner, which I did take out, was fine but not as good as I hoped it would be.  This was my first visit and I am willing to give them another shot give, after all they have great service.On a rainy gross night, this place was utterly inviting and a great break from the rain. The service was WONDERFUL, but the fish was just so-so. My sweet potato roll was amazing, the Chestnut Hill was about adequate, but not very exciting, and the yellow tail with scallion tasted bad. And a little old. My fried bananas were mushy. I'd go here again if invited, but it isn't on my list of "must-return-to".Great sushi and fairly priced.  I thought the service and atmosphere was very nice.  We just moved to the area and haven't tried Osaka yet (which I've been told is better but more expensive) but we were definitely happy with Hokka.Really good soups and interesting, savory sushi combinations. The lobster roll is particularly nice. Never been disappointed.Hokka Hokka is a perfect place for an impromptu meal, quick date, and cheap dinner. However, I would not suggest it to be a romantic evening stop, or a fine sushi experience.
With its competitor, Osaka, right up the hill, I believe that Hokka Hokka is viewed more as a backup plan than a desired destination for dinner. While the menu does not contain any special or exotic roll, I always seem to leave desiring something more. It's up to the manager and sushi chefs to have specials to keep people coming back. 
While the fish isn't as fresh as it once was, I feel the restaurant has gone downhill the past few years, which is never a good site to see. However, I recommend this to young people who like sushi, but don't want to pay the sushi price.
They do provide decent sushi for a lower price than most other formal sushi restaurants. A few years ago Hokka Hokka was a 4 star establishment, but they can't keep running on the same 6 rolls. They need to impress me with something new and interesting.Tried this place for the first time, was pleasantly surprised by the spectacular service and cool ambiance. My husband and I ordered a calamari appetizer and Chef's special of assorted sushi and sashimi. He was very accommodating in letting us request certain items from the menu we wanted to try. The sashimi was better than the sushi rolls but overall was pleased. Loved the avocado dip for the calamari!Came for lunch based on recommendations from you Yelpers.  The place had a huge party just finishing up and one other table sat for lunch.  Service was attentive.
Had a couple of problems...one was that they had a "check in special" through Yelp and said to call.  I did, and the staff said he had no ides what it was and the manager was not there to say what it was.  When we got to the place, the special was a dinner one only for $19.99 from Restaurant week.  He said it could be lunch sized, but the manager said it would be the same price.
I also asked for a substitution in the Bento Box which was not accommodated.
My guest and I had miso soup (average), dumplings (me steamed shrimp, guest fried beef), and the main part of the meal was the Chestnut Hill roll (tuna, tempura crunch, spicy sauce, avocado) which was very tasty and the best part of the meal.  You get 8 pieces in one giant roll.  I think my guest and I paid $17-18 each including tax and tip for lunch.  
The place was clean and tidy, and I would come back for more to try other options, too.Really good Japanese food at a great price and in a cozy environment!
We had their bento box lunches and they were absolutely delicious and big in portion. In particular the Beef Negimaki Teriyaki bento were sooo good. The beef is wrapped into the shape of a sushi with some vegetable and sauce inside. It was so tender and juicy. We were absolutely blown away with this dish! Our regret of the trip to Philadelphia is that we did not get a chance to return back to this restaurant to have this bento again!
The other bento was a  salmon teriyaki bento. It was equally good, a very well pan fried salmon, crispy skin and soft tender interior.
Great great Japanese restaurant. Highly recommended!Went here for lunch with my darling daughter and was really pleased with the customer service. Our waiter was crazy nice and our orders came out like lightning. 
Great value for lunch - I got the three roll maki (salmon, spicy tuna and california with a salad and miso soup) for $11 and she got the dragon roll lunch for $9. I had enough left over to have dinner a few hours later. Epic win!
Hokka Hokka, I I like like you you a a lot lot!There is nothing special about this place. They have fair sushi and it just didn't seem very clean either. The only thing good was the service.ok so .. your sushi is ok.. it was actually very tasty, and fresh but poorly made.. I mean why was it falling apart when I picked it up ? theres no reason for that .. that bothers me more than anaything..
also had the shrimp shumai.. it was not bad.. it just had absolutely NO flavor.. and that weird super sweet dipping sauce didn't cut it for me.. had to scratch that and use soy sauce just to get some flavor.
Everything was cheap.. with 4 rolls, 1 drink, and the shumai it only came up to 36$... but I've had better quality for less 
The service was great though, and the decor and layout was nice.. it seemed like a nice quiet place to go with family or a date but still be super chill and casual..This place is literally right across the street from us so we were hoping it would be great.  Unfortunately, the sushi was disappointing.  I'm not sure if we'll try it again.I love this place.  The service is excellent, they always make you feel at home.  The food is fresh and reasonsably priced.  I usually get sushi, but have had the tempura and teriyaki and thought it all very good.Definitely cute, romantic and a warm date night vibe. I waited to come to this little spot before reviewing it. After my third trip I came to a conclusion. The quality of the maki rolls could be a lot fresher. The drinks at the bar are also made extremely lazy.. a college freshman could mix a martini the way the bar at Hokka Hokka does. Not worth your money. However, this place slides by with mediocre sushi by having dimmed lights, candles, and a very American staff. Drinks suck, Miso soup made with far too much water, Dumplings are usually a bit cold and the maki rolls... not too fresh.My husband and I came here for dinner over the weekend, and we loved it! The ambiance was nice - they have a fireplace and twinkle lights, which I always find charming. For appetizers we split the shrimp dumplings and vegetable spring rolls. Both were excellent. For dinner, I ordered the yaki udon and it was amazing. My husband ended up sharing it with me because it was so good! We also shared the veggie special roll and my husband ordered a spicy tuna roll. Both were delicious. For dessert we got the fried tempura with green tea ice cream. Yum! Also happy with the hot sake and wine selection. We will be back!The establishment is very nice and the atmosphere but the menu is lacking. Good service but when its all said and done it comes down to the menu and there's just not enough options.