If you have not had their cream filled donuts then you simply have not lived, my friend! Incredible! I came to Philly to visit my sister and she brought us here on our second to last day. The cream filled doughnut was so incredible that I drove all the way back here on our way home to get a half dozen of them for the drive back to Michigan! And if you're wondering...yes, yes I crushed all 6 of those delicious pieces of heaven and I won't apologize for it!Great choice in a small shop. Worth the drive. The wine cakes are excellent! Just went here for first time based on yelp reviews and will definitely be going backAbsolutely the BEST vanilla cream donut I've had in over 10 years!!! Lucky for me, all they had left at 2:00pm were the cream doughnuts m....so I did what any person would do; I bought them ALL. They were a very busy family bakery.  They had sold out of everything else by noon.  So the requests from my children for chocolate covered, Boston cream and jelly would be disappointing.  Thankfully they had no interest In trying mine!!! (YAAAY) so I scarfed down two in the car and one when I got home.  Leaving one for myself to finish Mother's Day morning.
I saw a news anchor post about this place on Fat Tuesday the freshness of their products ! I'm going to have to take up jogging from S Philly to the Northeast so I don't start looking like an Oompa Loompa 
My bday is Friday and I already hinted that we should order a dozen cream doughnuts in lieu of a cake!! Cookies were good to as was my daughters muffin.I went here to order a few trays of pastries for a fund-raiser I recently threw.....they were beyond helpful. So, w/ the sweet-tooth I have, I spied the last jelly doughnut they had (white powdered). I've had a few JD's in my time....but by far, this was the best I've ever had. Not kidding, no exaggeration. They are famous for the crème doughnuts...I won't be able to tell y'all about them.....don't like them from anybody. But their JD, however, will bring me back. Sampled some of the pastries too....top notch. If you need pastries or any baked goods for a function you are throwing, go here. You won't be disappointed.
Oh, & the woman who complained about not getting their #1 seller @ 1 in the afternoon? Ummm.....get your butt here earlier. OR pick up a phone & order some. Duh.I wrote a review last year and want to update it.  This is my second time getting a cake here and both times I have found that Evelhyinne was a pleasure to work with - she was kind, accomodating and willing to work within my budget.  The cake she made was amazing.  I was really so happy with how my order turned out, and it was very reasonably priced.  My son loved his cake and cupcakes.  This place is definitely a hidden gem.  Thank you!Had an apple strudel from the Hop Angel Brauhaus restaurant near 5 points . The waitress told me that it came from the Holmesburg Bakery . 
It was the best that I ever had. the crust was flaky and the filling was perfect. The Filling was not too sweet and not too spiced. I could still taste the apple.This is one of the best bakeries in Philly with the BEST creme donuts in America.  The butter cake melts in your mouth. I always enjoy stopping in and smelling the fresh baked goods just out of the oven.So I picked up the cake I ordered last week and it was amazing! Exactly like the picture I provided. Everyone loved it- especially the birthday boy!  The Oreo icing in between the 2 layers was perfect. Very pleased. This is my go-to bakery from now on.I think things have changed here since my initial review.  Sometime in the last year or so they were part of a TV makeover show and now the bakery cases are filled with pasties, cakes, doughnuts and other goodies.  Very different experience from our first visit.  I was drawn back to try the bakery again after we had some zappoli from there given to us by a friend.  They were pretty good.  A few months ago, I stopped in and picked up a selection of doughnuts, a few cannoli , and a few pieces of cake slices/minis.  All were very good and the prices reasonable.  The only thing lacking a bit at this bakery is the customer service.   It's fine, not at all rude, just a bit lackluster and not very welcoming.  Effort goes a long way in customer service.  We will be back for the baked goods, but not as frequently as we might if we thought our patronage mattered.I have great memories of Holmesburg Bakery, growing up in that neighborhood.  The buttercakes and cream donuts (my personal favorite of ALL time) taste the same as I remember.   The place is sooo small, but produces amazing baked goods.  Brought a dozen cream donuts back to Arizona with me - and when the feeling strikes for one - I simply grab one from the freezer and wait for it to thaw.  It's the next best thing to living next door.After reading the reviews I stopped by to pick up some goodies.  The shop is small but I was the only one in there so I had time to check out the selection.  It smelled great and the cookies were calling my name but I was on a mission: cream doughtnut and buttercake!  Check and check.  I couldn't even wait to get home and dove into my doughnut in the car.  It was good but I like another local bakery's better.  Later on I tried the buttercake and it was too sweet!  The filling was gritty and just way too much sugar, I could feel the cavities forming.  I'd rate Holmesburg bakery as average.  I might be back to try a few more items before I write them offI picked up some donuts around 10:30a on a saturday and the place was pretty busy with what seemed like a lot of local regulars. The cream filled were amazing, just like the other reviewers said. We also tried the glazed, old fashion & Boston cream. They were all super fresh and tasty. The staff was friendly and quick. 
The exterior of the building was also recently updated, so if ur new to the place the long red sign has been replaced with a smaller sign and more trendy decor. 
I placed an order for a birthday cake while I was there and I was given a book with ideas. The girl that was helping me ended up just taking a picture of an idea I had on my phone. She was patient with me and explained that most people find design ideas on Pinterest and they take it from there. 
I'll update my review next week when I see how the cake turns out.This bakery has been around for a long time and their creme donuts are still by far the best ever.but make sure u get there early because they sell out fast.The customer service is horrible!!
Possibly the owner who knows, got upset with us cause we didn't like the cake they made. Would never go back and would recommend for no one to ever go to this bakery. They seem to only treat people well if there spending over 300 $ for a cake...Cream-filled doughnuts. Get them. But only a few per trip because you won't be able to stop until the bag is empty.  The buttercream is very addictive. Add a pastry shell to the creamy filling and you have doughnut magic.BEST BAKERY EVER!!!!  There apple clams can put my apple pies to shame (and I make a good apple pie).  Once I had one of their chocolate frosted doughnuts, I kissed Dunkin Donuts good bye.  They butter cream filled doughnuts are to die for.  Get their early because they sell out fast.  And they are insanely cheap!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Buy a lot for a little.  Can you say addicting?Sadly, I felt customer service on the phone and in store when trying to place my order wasn't the greatest. I called a few times and each time felt as if I were annoying them.  I also got that impression when I went in the store.  I probably would have gone with another bakery had I not known what a great job the cake decorator, Evelhyinne, did. She was absolutely wonderful! She responded patiently and kindly to emails.  Thank you, Evelhyinne, for executing what I asked for and making such a delicious cake!!I really love this end of the city, where people still live like my parents did in the fifties and corner bakeries like this still get by. 
Little ol' Holmesburg Bakery is sooooo tiny and insignificant-seeming compared to those great-big super bakeries that they have in all the Super Freshes now, but you need only try one of their butter cakes to understand how this place stays in business, for they are deliciously imperfect, buttery and terrible for you.
They have a pretty nice collection of cookies and cake offerings, some fancy, some with that baked-at-home look. I'd suggest going with the latter. I definitely don't bake myself, so Holmesburg is the closest I get to that old feeling of taking a baking sheet out of the oven and grabbing something delightful.If you are a carrot cake lover, this is the best place in Philly!! Try their carrot cake with butter scotch cream and you will never eat another from anywhere!! Slices also available at Al's Corner!!(3) ~ ok overall food & service.  Note: $15 minimum for Credit Cards.
ITEMS TRIED:
** Powdered Cream filled = (4) very good...my fav:)...although it tasted a little too salty?
* Sticky Bun = (3.25) pretty good
* Birthday Cake(slice) = (3.25) pretty good
* Coffee = (3) ok
* Butter Cake = (3) ok
* Glazed Donut = (3) ok
* Chocolate Mousse Cake = (2.5) meh...
* Jelly filled Donut = (2) not for me...
* Honey Bun = (2) not for me...Picked up doughnuts and Danish for co-workers and received rave reviews.  Cream donuts are REALLY tasty!  Danish are huge and delicious. All was fresh.  Cashier was very kind and professional.  They are now in my bi-weekly rotation for work pastries.This is based on those enormous, awesomely stuffed donuts. My boss' family lives in the area and when they come into the office, they bring like 3 dozen of these bad boys. OMG. They're really good. REALLY REALLY good and I don't even have that big of a sweet tooth. The one day they came into the office with them, i skipped lunch and had one of these insane donuts. I have never had anything like these. One of these days i'll stop in the bakery and check out their other items! Oh yeah and these donuts did not cause any GERD, repeating, or indigestion like other donuts have.Ordered two cakes on Friday from a very helpful young lady and picked them up Sunday morning. Great service and reasonable prices! I wish I had tried them sooner but they now have a customer for life!The baked goods here are second to none which is why they are so popular and so well reviewed. The cakes and doughnuts are excellent. I got my wedding cake here recently and I go for doughnuts and butter cake often. The shop is very old and not pleasing to the eye but that's a minor flaw. The glaring problem here is the service you get there. The staff makes it seem like such a chore and an inconvenience to wait on you. They are very unfriendly and I am speaking of all the times I have been there and not just one or two. They really need to get a grip on this if they want a truly superior rating.This place has been a staple of Northeast Philadelphia for over a hundred years now, so you know they have to be good. I haven't yet had anything besides the gooey butter cake. People tell me that their other cakes, cookies and pies are great too, but whenever I'm in there my knees go weak at the sight of the butter cake and I am helpless to select anything else. If you don't know what gooey butter cake is, or perhaps haven't been impressed by it in the past, you need to go to Holmesburg Bakery ASAP and shove your face into one of theirs.I went in Holmesburg Bakery to get a cake for a bake sale I was committed to participate in but had no time to bake.  When I got in there the chocolate chip cookies seemed more fitting.g because they coduld be bagged in smaller bags and sold....Needless to say they never made it to the bake sale table!  It was mutually agreed that we needed to eat them ourselves!  And we did!  They are the best!  And I bake awesome cookies!
Ooh....let me tell you about the cream donuts!!!  Don't ever taste one!  They will haunt you until you find yourself in front of the bakery when you intended to be someplace else!!!Maybe you have to get here early, but on the day we walked in the shelves seemed empty.  It really is tiny and so seemed their selection of pastries.  We got the cream doughnuts and they were ok, but other than those and pound cake, which we did not try I did not see many choices.  We may have to make another visit to see if we can find the bakery that everyone else is talking about.This bakery has only gotten better with time.  Doughnuts and danish are still tasty and expanded offerings of cakes are very good, I particularly enjoy the strawberry shortcake.  Service is always with a smile, you just can't go wrong with Holmesburg!I have been a loyal proprietor of this fine establishment ever since I was a little boy. I grew up in Holmesburg which may make me a little biased. They have an old school charm to the place when you walk in. Everyone is very willing to help you find what you are looking for too. Now to the good stuff, the doughnuts! They have amazing homemade doughnuts they aren't too sweet and have just the right amount of filling. The cakes are great too! They will also go out of the way to make your entire family feel welcome by doing little things such as giving free cookies to your little ones. If you are in the area and craving a doughnut this place should definitely be on your radar. It has also just recently been renovated.Went to this bakery this weekend and bought 8 butter cakes for a party and stuffed my kids full of the best doughnuts we have eaten in a very long time.  I grew up on Bauer's Bakery over in Bustleton and once the old Bauer family sold the bakery and it finally burned down, I thought I would never eat a good butter cake or a good doughnut again. Wrong. Holmsburg bakery was like going back to Bauer's. The butter cake was exactly as I remember it and the powdered cream doughnuts were amazing confections non unlike eating a sweetened cloud. They were light and delicious--they had almost no weight to them at all--which is exactly how a cream doughnut should be!
I hope this place stays open forever! I will happily return to this bakery every time I am in Philly!Picked up a birthday cake from here last week. Everyone raved about it. It was super fresh and tasted great. Ordering was easy and when I ran into a problem the day of pickup the staff was very accommodating. I would definitely recommend this bakery.The Best Strawberry Shortcake in Philly!!! Noone does Strawberry Shortcake as good as Holmesbutg Bakery! Its incredibly tasty. I had gone there quite a few times and I always left pleased with my purchases. I had the butter/sugar cookies, and they were soft, freshly baked and delicious. I am such a sweets person and love desserts, and they definetly made my list of top bakeries. 
I also had the cream doughnuts which are really good. Id suggest anyone to come here for the cookies and the strawberry shortcake. they also sell slices of the shortcake so you dont have to buy the whole cake if you want to try just a little piece.GREAT donuts, BUT the one lady working the counter in the morning was pretty unfriendly. I have friends that have been there and had the same experience. (So it wasn't a one off) It's a shame, just a little more courtesy and they'd be a 4.5/5.This bakery has to be the best bakery i've gone to in philly! the sugar cookies are amazing! they're also a bit big too! the chocolate chip cookies are good, but i've had better ones before. my family had gotten a plain cheesecake but they gave us coconut custard instead. they also ordered the cream doughnuts. i didn't have any but, they said the doughnuts were good, but better in july. However, i think the price was pretty reasonable. in conclusion, this bakery deserves a solid four star rating. (out of five)I have to give one to write review I gave them a weeks notice told them make cake colorful for my sons 8 bday and I get a white dingy cake for 35.00. that's outrageous I shouldn't of paid but I promised my son black panther and I'm not looking around at last second! They offered to spray paint cake at the last second like really you had weeks noticeDry and without flavor. Eat fruit and exercise you will live a better life.Great local small business.  Bakery staff is extremely friendly and helpful.  Best cream donuts and strawberry shortcake in the northeast!Today was my lucky day... I've never been inside of this bakery because I pass through before they open. 
My eyes told me to buy everything in the shop, but I hadn't eaten breakfast yet. After deciding on a mini pineapple upside down cake and a cheese danish, I had to change my mind. I couldn't pass up on having to try the sugared cream donuts and the Boston cream donut. Both were nothing short of great. 
Glad I stopped, and ill have to mold my schedule so that I can stop in again.I have never encountered a staff so rude in my life...I walked in with my mom the women took me first as I placed my order the other women says whose next, so my mom says that's me. The lady begins to argue with my mother saying ummm no that's not true you were not next. I turn to the other lady that is arguing with my mom and say she was next we walked in together. So the lady that was helping me rolls her eyes and says oooo so your saying you're paying separate..(ummm yeah since were two separate people yes we are I thought to myself), I just say yes cause I didn't want any more hassle. So the lady says to my mom ok than what do you want I guess I have to take you than, so my mom begins to ask how the dunking sticks are purchased per stick or pound, so the lady gets frustrated and says everyone knows it's per half or whole pound.  So my mom continues with her order, I continue with mine. I ask my lady if she could possibly split the dozen of donuts 6 and 6 so I could take 6 to a party I was going to and leave 6 at home. She rolls her eyes and says you know what now I got to charge you per pound for the donuts, like how much of a hassle could splitting the dozen up be???  I say never mind sorry to be a bother. My mom is now paying for her order and the lady helping her gets nasty again and says since your order was under $25 we have no choice but to run it as debit saying it in a way that it felt like that lady didn't even want my mom's business, my mom says that's perfectly fine. I get done my order and give the lady my credit card and she rolls her eyes YET AGAIN and says we now need to wait cause this lady (meaning my mother) is running her card first and is taking too much time...I hate to even put out a review like this as I do like this bakeries pastries...but the staff needs to GOOOOO!!!! I asked a friend of mine that was there a week prior and she said they were ignorant to her as well...It's a bakery how can you be so rude, usually bakery staff are so helpful...I WILL NEVER GO BACK HERE...NO WAY!!! THERE ARE PLENTY OF BAKERIES IN THE AREA THAT DO NOT HAVE RUDE PEOPLE WORKING FOR THEM!!!The bakery is easy to find, small and a little cute. Customer service is nice. But.
There are no price tags on any items, what's up with that? Prices are decided on the customer's appearance?
So. Let us get down to the brass tacks.
The touted clotted cream donuts are nothing special, if not to say slightly gross. Bavarian cream donuts are virtually indistinguishable from their Dunkin Donuts counterparts. The individual Jewish apple cakes are 6% apple and 94% dough. The raspberry jam and cream cheese parcels are tolerable,  but nothing to write home about. The red wine cake is almost all dough and a tiny, thin layer of raspberry jam. Every item was cloyingly sweet and bland. And there was only one loaf of bread there for purchase. Is this a bakery or what? 
I am not going back here.While I grew up in the Holmesburg vicinity and lived in the area for 35+ years, I didn't frequent Holmesburg Bakery.  Back in the "day" there were many other choices for bakeries in the area, and Holmesbury seemed so small, so old and not the kind of place you go to (unless someone tells you about it or makes a recommendation, which in my case never happened).  Well, I no longer live in the area, but I was at a birthday party where the cake came from none other than Holmesburg.  What had I missed all of those years, but I never knew!  
The cake was Strawberry Shortcake and honest to God it's the best I ever had.  The cake is light, but dense at the same time.  The savory creme and strawberry layers, yum-yum.  I dream about this cake.  I also discovered their creme donuts and they are not to be missed,  They sell tons of them so there is always an ample supply on hand.  Hubby and I liken them to "fluffy white pillows" and will drive over 45 minutes just to savor one (OK, we pick up some of that dee-lish Strawberry Shortcake while we're there!).
They also make a wonderful homemade German Potatoe Salad (yes, potatoe salad in a bakery!) that reminds me of what my dear old German grandma used to make.  I always load up on it when I'm there and when it's available.   
Holmesburg Bakery - I will follow you anywhere, just never leave me!My son loved the creme donuts, I love the danish, this place is great! Definitely recommend!!Outstanding first rate bakery.  Delicious cream-filled powdered donut.  Amazing butter cream cake.  And cookies were freshly made, quality taste.I know every review is raving about the cream doughnuts but I have to rave too. The cream doughnuts are like creamy clouds of heaven. When I need a sweet treat I have to have one of these doughnuts. Also, the strawberry shortcake is to die for. Have one of theirs and once you taste homemade whipped cream you will never buy a store bought one again.Their cream donuts are by far THE BEST EVER!!! I've tried cream donuts from numerous places and by far Holmesburg bakery has THE BEST!!! I used to think their buttercake was average, but they must have improved it because the last time I got it it was out of this world!!!!I AM SO UPSET HOLMESBURG BAKERY MESSED UP OUR BIRTHDAY CAKE!!!! Then the manager had an attitude because we wanted them to correct it!!! They put the wrong names and color on the cakes. When my son told her it was wrong she said, "So What Do You Want Me to Do About That?" In a very nasty tone. My son said "We want you to fix it." My son is usually very laid back got really upset and bothered by her attitude.  So, I said "They probably put me and my son's name on somebody else's cake. I called the manager to see if the cake was corrected and ready to pick up and the manager got an attitude with me and hung up the phone on me. She refused to answer my question. She said, "are you the person that came to pick up the cake because you need to come and get it" She still didn't answer my question. I very nicely said I'm the person that paid for the cake, it's my cake and can you tell me if you corrected? I very calm when I was speaking to her.....I get a dial tone!!!! I called back Five Times she Refused to Answer the Phone. I sent my son back to ask for a refund and to look at how they corrected the cake. I didn't want to go because, I Didn't Want to Go To Jail on my birthday. Because I'm not as calm as my son!!!!  I would've been ready to lay hands as soon as she popped fly. I have to pray.  My son went to pick the cake up and he said it was a mess!!! He said after she corrected the cake she just threw the decorations back on the cake and it was a sloppy mess. Also, the cake didn't look like the one my daughter ordered. . I didn't want the cake anymore I don't know what she might have done to that cake. I called my bank and reversed the payment. I just started going back to Holmesburg Bakery because I had stopped dealing with them for several yrs for the same reason. I'm done with them and I would not recommend them to anyone. They are cheap and their cakes are good but their attitude is horrible especially when they make a mistake. We needed the cake for a birthday party. We had to postpone it. We ordered a new cake from Oteri's Bakery and the staff was very nice.Get the cream filled donut.  It is perfectly coated in delicious powdered sugar and filled with the most perfectly salty buttercream.  Salt and sweet is my favorite!  And its about a buck.  DO IT.The office manager from another business brought us doughnuts from here! Spectacular!!! I had a chocolate doughnut with chocolate glaze. My co-workers enjoyed the jelly and the cream doughnut with chocolate glaze.I dream about the cream donuts and the butter cake. It's not nearby but it is definitely worth the trip.Great Bakery  good prices they have the best cremed Filled  donoughts and everythig else in the bakeryTried a chocolate covered cannoli, it was incredible!! 
Had the signature powdered sugar cream donut- delicious donut with lots and lots of icing!
We have yet to try our remaining treats of a churro donut and a chocolate brownie but we are very excited to try!!
A nice afternoon treat, not to mention the prices are great!Tea biscuits are made in small odd shaped blobs.
If they were made slightly larger and in a somewhat flatter,
more symmetrical shape, I would buy them.The creme doughnuts, a others have said, are totally sinful and addictive. They are really beyond description.I made a quick trip to Holmesburg Bakery to satisfy my doughnut craving. Finally, a place that carries powdered jelly doughnuts (glazed and sugared seem to be the standard in jelly doughnuts these days). The raspberry jelly was definitely homemade and oozing out my doughnut like I like it. Although I can't make this a regular spot, I'll try to get back real soon for that wine cake.Everything was stale , very disappointed bought cinnamon buns hard as a rock, the cream doughnuts were good. Everything else very old and stale.
Not going backWe did a fund raiser with holmesburg for our school and buddy did a wonderful job. Everything was amazingYUMMMMMM! This is a tiny, neighborhood bakery with incredible options. Great service no matter what time you stop by. Definitely try the cream-filled donuts - super light with an occasional highlight of salt. Some people prefer them on the second day once the cake part firms up a bit. (Though I'm not sure how you can wait to eat this delectable great.) You can also order a cake for your next celebration from Holmesburg.Their famous donuts are what donut dreams are made of!  You will not regret going early one morning to get a dozen-give done to your neighbors so you can all start your day off with a smile!I love the cake for my daughter and her best friends combined birthday party!!! I had someone else making it and they had to cancel because they weren't going to be available and Holmesburg bakery pulled through for me!!! The pound cake with buttercream frosting and is absolutely delicious!!!I purchased a Red Velvet cake on Saturday, 11/09/19. The cake was one of two available for purchase. The cake was a waste of $25! It was extremely dry and lacked flavor. I served 5 slices and they were all thrown in the trash. One guest at our Friendsgiving noted the cake reminded her of red carpet from the 70's. 
I bought my wedding cake from this bakery 11 years ago; it was amazing. Please find your former bakery or stop selling old cakes.We order our birthday cakes from them all the time.  They don't have their email to order on their website so wanted to post it here so I have it for future reference: holmesburgbakery@yahoo.com
Just pricey - $65 for 8 inch round or $58 for sheet cake - we go for the sheet cake bc the round has a fondue type style and we prefer the pound cake with buttercream icing
We usually get the 1/2 sheet although last time she did a fondue design (see troll cake pic) and cake was $75 so we won't do fondue again. 
Pound cake comes in 1/4 sheet (9x13 feeds 20 $27+; 1/2 sheet feeds 35 $49+; 2 lb, 3 lb etc)I purchased an Elmo cupcake to take to my grandson for his birthday! To say they sold me a stale cupcake is an understatement, the cupcake was so hard the candle could barely be put on it. The girl behind the counter should have known  not to sell it. I knew the moment I lifted out of the box. Maybe they just don't care.  If your buying ask if the product is fresh!Holmesburg Bakery is one of the better bakeries located near me. They have been there for years. They always keep the shop clean. They have a professional staff that is friendly and helpful. There is plenty of street parking. They have an array of baked goods but I suggest the powder cream filled donuts. They are Amazing. Go check them out for yourself. You will not be disappointedGreat cakes, cookies and donuts I always get my cakes from Holmesburg Bakery. I never had a bad baked item everThe girl at the counter is super rude to old people. No empathy for people. Older lady was asking two simple questions, and she gave the old lady attitude.
Your donuts are not that great for you to talk to people like that. Super sugary & texture is trash. Don't understand the hypeThis is going to sound dumb, but try their Washington cake. It looks like it's just going to be a generic spice cake, but it's so moist and loaded with flavor.1st visit and definitely not last.
My wife and I wanted to try something other than stocks bakery for a change.(you really can have too much of a good thing) well anyway,We ordered a birthday cake for my sons 1st birthday at the last minute. figured by the yelp reviews how could we go wrong ? yelper's were on point once again. 
I Ordered a 1/4 sheet cake for my sons 1st birthday and not only did it look good ( i posted pics ) but it tasted awesome. Moist,buttery,sweet deliciousness...needless to say the cake lasted less than 10 minutes. Kids and adults were going back for 2nd pieces with the quickness.
I also bought 1/2 dozen donuts since I couldn't help it. You guys talking about that cream donut ? Man, you guys ain't f'n around. That donut needs to be given an award or something.I saw it as an omen to come here, when I arrived 30 minutes early to an appointment, and checked out all the raving about this place on Yelp. I was surprised that you do have to get buzzed into this tiny place, or maybe there is a butter cake thief out there. And this place is tiny! If 4 customers came in, 1 would have to wait outside. 
Thankfully the girls behind the counter, although teenagers, are extremely sweet and helpful. I kept asking about the cream donuts, and then Boston cream, and then something else they were also out of (it was 3 PM on a Friday) and she patiently waited as I tried to make up my mind for something else and apologized for not having what I wanted.
Finally I picked up a mix of donuts, some cinnabuns and this butter cake that Joe D. was raving about. I was happy with all the pastries, especially the cinnabun, but I was so NOT happy with that butter cake! You see, I am a person that eats with my eyes, and this cake looks like the most boring, ugly pasty cake you will ever see. For a small baking plate (like where you would make 6 brownies) you pay $7 for a butter cake that is essentially a dry thin cake with a thick layer of butter and cream on top. The top part is a strange texture and wayyyy too sweet even for someone like me that loves sugar. I was extremely disappointed and threw out the entire thing after one bite (my beau did not care to even try it).
Needless to say, I am willing to try this place one more time to attempt one of these highly sought after cream donuts, but I'm"m not exactly racing back. Also, bring cash, there is a $10 min for plastic.I'm so upset. I ordered a cake for a person who is leaving our company picture will be enclosed. I'm giving bakery three stars because to me their customer service was so wonderful; the girls were very pleasant and the cake is fantastic and so were the flowers it's the writing that has me so upset; the price for the cake was fine I ordered it 3 days ahead so I'm not sure what happened. I asked my husband to pick it up because I was stuck in traffic and he picked it up when I got home I actually cried. I'm emotional to begin with but I can't understand why someone would think the writing was acceptable. I think I would go there again everything else was perfect and I hate the fact that something seemingly so small did make such a dent in the "stars" but people get cakes and pasteries for a reason; we're all in a hurry and overwhelmed. That is life. But remember what you're putting out is representing the quality of your company. On the front it says Holmesburg Bakery since 1900; when you open up the box the quality should represent the words and most unfortunately it missed the mark here and it's a shame because everything else was perfect.First timer. Take out donuts for mi padres 58th birthday. Excellent cream filled donuts. From what I've heard, they were on the food network. I will go back to try different assortment of donuts.I learned about this place from a fellow patron, in a diner, who said the cream filled donuts were the best they ever had.
So I just had to try this bakery.
Some reviewers said this is a small place; yes it is, but I wasn't there to camp out so who cares?
Some reviewers found the staff nasty.  I disagree !!
To me - The staff (the girls) .......... Super friendly.
The Cream filled donuts............ THE BEST
The Jelly filled donuts............ THE BEST.
Holmesburg Bakery is THE BEST !!Easy to order over the phone and schedule in advance. Cake was ready on time. 
Everything tasted delicious!
Asked for some decorations on cake, it met the minimum explanation I provided, but design was a little underwhelming (I felt like it could have been a little more decorated given the directions and overall price).Ever since I was a kid, I have LOVED the cream-filled donuts from Holmesburg Bakery.  After being away for almost 20 years and re-visiting this childhood memory, they do not disappoint.  Clearly, one of the best cream donuts I've ever tasted.  I just ask that you save me at least one when I am in the area and need my fix.Yooooooo!!!
This baby place is AWESOME!
Okay so listen, they have this doughnut that reminds me of a Gordita but with cream inside and powder sugar on the outside. My woman bought three (coworker, sister-in-law and ours) HELL TO THE NO... WE KEPT ALL THREE!
You heard!?I've been a long time customer of Holmesburg Bakery. I've only ever purchased their donuts. They have the best cream filled donuts, anywhere! It's not like any cream donut you'll find elsewhere. The filling is a bit thicker, similar to a cake icing. The donuts are always fresh and delicious. A dozen will run you roughly $12.00. The bakery has been around for over 100 years and that alone should show they offer a quality product. They have recently remodeled and the place looks good. I did prefer the old school bakery look though. My only complaint would be the girls working the counter. They aren't always the friendliest nor the most personable counter girls I've met. Solid 4 stars though.Disappointed with the birthday cake I purchased for my daughter. It was supposed to be two layers however that was not the case when we cut into it. It was more like a layer and a half. Half of the cake had a layer of icing to replace the top layer of the cake. This was apparently a mess up cake that should've been tossed.I ordered a 2 tier birthday cake for a surprise party and when I gave them all the details I said I needed a black and silver cake. When I picked the cake up the day of the party it was 2 different shades of GREEN. And not like it would be a different tone in certain lighting because everyone asked why the cake was green. $180 for something that was obviously wrong. If I didn't need it for a party that day I would have never paid for it!!The cream donuts.  I don't know what else to say!  No words can describe how freaking amazing they are.  
This place is so small, but the magic happens there!The cream donuts.  They're insane.  Huuuuge.  Stuffed with creme.  The best, Jerry...the best!
No funky aftertaste like at Dunkin' either.  I've had other delicacies there but creme donuts are the superstar.  
Nice people there too!Came here because I was in the area and wanted a cake for my wife's birthday. The small customer area was filled with all kinds of pastries and cakes which I wanted to try them all.
The strawberry shortcake slices looked good and I asked if they had a full cake of it. The friendly counter staff checked in the back and I was good to go. They wrote on the cake for me, and I was on my way after paying $21.
The strawberry shortcake was delightful with many slices of strawberries and a light and airy whipped cream frosting. The vanilla cake was not too dense and everything just complemented each other.
I so wanted to get some of the cream-filled donuts but had to back off otherwise I would have broke the bank and also my calories for the whole day! I've had bad luck with some bakeries where items looked much better than they turned out to be when you actually ate what you bought. Truly disappointing. However, this was not the case with the strawberry shortcake from Holmesburg Bakery.