Honest Tom's was gone for a long time --apparently they spend summers in town, but it's back at 33rd and Arch again. For a while. They're going to open a restaurant at 44th and Locust and that will keep them too busy to run the truck for a while. So Drexel guys, get your tacos now, while you can!The sweet potato tacos out of the truck are wonderful.  Two small tacos for $6 seems pricey to me, but they're unlike anything I have had elsewhere and give them a big ole two-thumbs-up.  They also have interesting teas and the outside of their truck is super fun.  
Their truck has disappeared for the winter, but I hear they have a new storefront to which I will drag my husband at our first chance.You guys are slooowwww. Also, why is the guy taking orders asking me how much stuff costs? I just waited in line behind 15 people - you should have the prices memorized by now and not make me read them off of the sign for you. Your sweet potato tacos are pretty good but I think I'm done with you guys. Standing around your truck for half of my lunch break kinda sucks.Not only is this some of the best truck food I've ever had, but it's some of the best breakfast tacos.  The guacamole on these things alone is worth five stars.  The food is never too greasy, the eggs are always perfect, and the accompanying coffee lives up to it's hype.  I've only had the breakfast tacos in Clark Park, but I may have to take a day off and head to Drexel to try the chicken.Hmm. After reading some of the previous reviews, I'm thinking my experience with Tom was a bit out of the ordinary. Mainly because I waited approximately 45 seconds for my delectable tacos.
I found this bright tie-dye truck amidst the haven of vendors at Night Market Philly and, after hearing all the buzz surrounding these scrumptious tacos, I just had to sample them myself.
One chicken and one sweet potato taco, please. Add hot sauce. Squeeze onto a sidewalk edge between other street foodies. First bite. Love.
You can criticize the flour tortilla/size all you want but c'mon these tacos are freaking good!
Needless to say, I am now a believer.Their menu is short.  Real short.  I think that's a good thing.  The menu today: chicken taco with homemade guacamole; sweet potato taco; breakfast taco (eggs and cheese).  I got the chicken taco.    The chicken was tender and well-seasoned.  It came on a soft flour tortilla with the guacamole and chopped tomatoes.
My only complaint is that it took longer than I wished it had, about ten minutes.  But the time investment was paid back: they cooked my taco to order and it was hot and fresh when I got it.
Addendum 2009-08-24: Got a breakfast taco here on Saturday.  It contained onions, tomatoes, guacamole, fried egg, potato, and cilantro.  It was excellent; I should have had two.  But I found the iced coffee undrinkable.  Someone scorched the heck out of those poor coffee beans.  It was similar to drinking charcoal.  Upside: taco was delivered much more quickly than I feared.I was on a quest to hunt down the Cupcake truck...so figured I would grab some tacos since they were parked next to each other.  I'm SO glad I did!!  The menu consisted of fish tacos and plantain tacos.  It was the first time they attempted plantain so they hooked us up with a free one!   Plantain?  Ewwwl.
It was DIVINE!!!  It was gobbled up right on the spot!!!  I ordered two fish to go and was so scared of it...fish on a taco?  Ewwwl.  Got to work looked at it - poked it  -f rowned at it - closed my eyes and took a bite.
SOMEBODY SLAP ME!!!  I've died and gone to heaven!!!  That's it - I'm a fan.I literally just finished eating my tacos and OMG they were amazing and so worth the wait. I have been waiting to eat one of these tacos since last summer and it just never worked out...The walk in the heat was so worth it...I had a chicken taco and a sweet potato taco(which i would never normally order but i wanted to be daring) BOTH were unreal....the guacamole and salsa was so fresh and they had Valentina hot sauce which is my fav! I know that several people complained previously that they used flour tortillas well now they give you the option!  I will definitely be making it a point to go there more often...although we had to wait a few minutes and walk there in the sweltering heat it was sooo worth it:-)It seems I'm one of the few and proud to have made it to Honest Tom's before the famous taco sell-out. I rode my bike up to Clark Park this morning to check out two markets (the Farmer's and the Uhuru Flea Market) and stumbled upon Honest Tom's food truck. The sign read "Breakfast Taco" (something about giving your taste buds a treat) and "Iced Coffee." I paid my $2.50 and waited for 30 minutes to receive my taco. I sat in the grass; I talked to an anarchist; I ate a peach; I read the City Paper; I ran into someone I met on a dance floor...finally, my taco.
It came with the freshest guac, little potatoes, chopped tomato, white onion, and an egg. Next time, I'll order 4. You've got to get here early and try one for yourself, they're right, your taste buds will be pleased.$8 dollars for a burrito is seriously silly. 
It was a delicious burrito, but come on.Clark Park every Saturday morning.  I wake up craving Tom's breakfast tacos.  On days off I find myself driving to Drexel to get the lunch taco's.  See you all on line next saturday.I've only tried the breakfast tacos at the Clark Park weekend market. The tacos are pretty good, but my biggest complaint is that there's no meat in the tacos. From the other reviews it looks like they have meat in the lunch tacos. If they had meat in the breakfast tacos and charged $5 for 3 tacos I'd  give them 4 stars.
Don't understand why people get so angry that they are called wrapped in a flour tortilla and are called 'tacos' and not burritos or wraps. I usually don't like corn tortillas so I'm glad they use flour tortillas. Also, if you go by the folding method (folded in half), they ARE more similar to tacos than burritos.Just an update after Tom stopped by Broad and Lombard to do breakfast the other day.  $1.50 for Stumptown iced is a great deal for good coffee, even if $5 might be a little high for 2 veggie breakfast tacos.  Throw some chorizo on them!  Even if that just increases the amount of juice/grease on my shirt when I'm done.FRICK this truck is amazing.  Even though we waited in the mess of a line for like 10 minutes in the rain and then the guy (Tom?) stuck his head out the window and said, "For anyone who hasn't ordered yet, we need to take a little break to go get more supplies," and even though when we came back 20 minutes later he hadn't returned, and even though we came back 15 minutes after that we still had to wait on line awhile before our food got to us... I am still a fan.  
The breakfast tacos were delicious-- hot scrambled eggs, freshly cut tomatoes and onions, cheese, and awesome fresh guacamole, piled atop a little flour tortilla and not at all greasy.  Brings you to that perfect level of temporarily-sated, for $2.50, mmm.  We also asked for the french press coffee but were told that they didn't have any (it was just too hot that day to be boiling water?).  So he gave us a cup of their iced coffee (NB: good stuff), for free.  Aaaugh!  Can they just attach a little tag-along to the back so I can follow them on their area food-ventures?  It would be a jolly good time.Like Jamie L, I too just literally finished devouring tacos from Honest Tom's. To this point, I had only had their fish tacos (which are phenom).. today I got 2 sweet potato, and 1 chicken (Im a growing boy).. all three on corn tortillas with hot sauce and the works. So goood, so muy mucho bien bueno. Also, went with the Horchata.. still unsure what it is.. thinking milk, and coconut stuff.. good. 3 tacos = $8 , 1 horch = $2 not bad lunch.*muted trumpet*
I hate to say it, but this is way overrated.  Totally hyped up to me, and did not live up to it.  I made the trek over from Penn to Drexel to try out the truck, excited for my taco feast.  I should have known it was all wrong when I let myself break my $5 lunch rule to get 2 tacos.  Let's be real, I can get 2 tacos with waiter service plus tax and a 20% tip (I think, I forget how much meal tax is here) that are damn tasty, come with a mini side salad, and I can have a beer while eating it too, elsewhere (Sidecar), so that should have been a red flag too.  But alas, I ordered 2 chicken tacos from the blank-faced semi-surley guy sitting there.  Maybe that's why they're pricey, since they have a guy to just sit there and take orders while other people cook.
I appreciated the guac and pico, which were both good, but the chicken?  Holy crap, it was completely flavorless.  Like those first few times in college cooking on your own when you just threw chicken in a pan and expected it to have flavor.  Nope.  These are tacos!  I want FLAVORRRRR!  Such a disappointment.  I'll be sticking with cheaper trucks closer to home base in the future.Great sweet potato tacos! And awesome staff, guacamole is always just right. And the price is right too. Thanks Honest Tom.I've gone to this truck a couple of times on Saturday mornings in Clark Park. Both times were this winter on freezing days so the wait was relatively short, but I've seen the long line on nice days. The tacos are uncannily good. You know the story: eggs, potatoes, fresh guacamole, tomatoes, cheese, onion... it's a masterpiece. This may be the shortest yelp I've ever written. There's not much more to say other than these tacos are awesome.To be completely honest about Honest Tom's, it's pretty average. I came here because I read these Yelp reviews and ordered a breakfast taco and a couple chicken tacos. The people who run the cart seem pretty nice, and the service was pretty reasonably fast. But when I got the taco, I was kind of disappointed. While the ingredients seemed fresh enough, the flavors didn't blend very well and the taco just came off as bland. Like if I put scrambled eggs, cheese, salsa, and guacamole on a tortilla it would taste the same.
Walk a few more blocks and go to Tacos Don Memo. Cheaper, better, and actually run by Mexicans."Welcome to Honest Tom's. We have one thing on the menu. And it's so good that it keeps us in business."
That's not what Honest Tom said to me when I ordered a taco on Saturday, but he easily could have. Honest Tom runs a lunch truck off of Clark Park that serves up tacos and iced coffee. I didn't have the coffee, but it is supposed to be excellent.
Tacos come in two varieties, breakfast and chicken. In order to get the best experience, I simply asked for "Two regular tacos with everything," which meant I would be getting them just as they're meant to be eaten.
The wait was longer than expected, but that's okay.  It's really a testament to the quality of food.  I received two delicious looking tacos. Scrambled eggs were topped with potatoes, homemade salsa, guacamole, and cheese. They were delicious.  The proportions of everything and ratios were great.  My only complaint is that was when my plate was empty.
Bottom Line: As far as lunch trucks go, these are excellent.  Even just as far as "fast food" goes,
 these are great.  Even just thinking about them now makes me wish I could have one for lunch.
 Definitely check these out when you're around.  Lunch trucks are easily one of the hidden gems
 of Philly food.An update for the new year about why this truck is totally freakin' awesome.
The guys had a vinyl coating adhered to the sides of the truck in a sick psychedelic motif. 
Also, for being a loyal customer, they gave me a cool coffee mug. See pic.
For your information, they are not selling fish tacos right now. Still producing sweet potato tacos. Still got the breakfast till about noon (he used blue potatoes when I got one last week, which was pretty rad.) Still with the chicken in the afternoon. Still serving Stumptown from a French press, currently sourced from a grower in La Libertad, Guatemala. If you haven't come to Tom's yet, you haven't had the best damn truck food, period.So glad this truck parks on Drexel's campus during the week. I've only been once and I only got 1 chicken taco, but I have to admit that it was pretty darn good. Chicken was great, guac was a bit bland, and everything else was above average. Having tapatio right there is +1 legit in my book. 3.50 for one taco though is a bit too much in my mind. New paint job is a little iffy as well, but hey whatever.The hunt is on!  Food truck tracking via FB and twitter.
Tom's had eluded us time and again.
Finally, Tom's landed in the UArts area- a 10 minute speed walk from work.  
Chicken tacos!  The guac was creamy and plentiful.  A great deal.  L ordered me two- definitely a lot of food.   Not greasy at all.  I actually sort of felt virtuous...
Check it out!I would eat here every morning if I could! 
Breakfast tacos!!! I never would have come up with it myself, but the breakfast tacos are amazing! Scrambled eggs, cheese, salsa and guacamole! 
SOOO GOOD!After having tried both the breakfast tacos and the chicken tacos, as well as the iced coffee, I have to say that I am kind of in love with Honest Tom's.
My one qualm with the first time I tried it was that it was a little messy and hard to eat, but that was either a fluke with the portioning or they've gotten larger tortillas. Either way, oh man, this place is fantastic. Even with Drexel kids starting to trickle in and a huge line at the lunch truck 25 feet down the road, there was no wait a little before noon, and they are efficient as always.
As for the food, the breakfast taco, one of them, with iced coffee, is exactly the right portion for a quick breakfast on the run. A satisfying combination of spicy potatoes, fried/scrambled/messy eggs and salsa and guac, it vanished all too quickly. A squirt of hot sauce added the extra heat needed to put it over the top.
The iced coffee was good as well. Normally I judge the quality of iced coffee by how drinkable it is without any additions. It was still good with cream and sugar, but perfectly fine without. 
My true love, though, I think is the chicken taco. Biting into it, you can enjoy the various layers: the fresh salsa with hearty chunks of cilantro, the smooth, fresh guacamole, salty cojita (?) cheese and the seasoned chicken and juice at the bottom, which may have been my favorite part. Today I remembered my previous mistake and bought $6 with me--and it was DEFINITELY worth it.Not sure how I lucked out, but Honest Tom's set up shop just a block away from my place one Thursday.
Choices were sweet potato or chicken, and I went for the orange.  One with the hot sauce, one with the "not sauce".  Tasty, and they were both gone before I got home.
I'm loving the food truck renaissance in Philly.Two breakfast tacos (scrambled eggs, bacon, tomato, cheese, and guac) for $6.  You can't beat that!  The tacos aren't extraordinary in any way, but it's the convenience, quick service, and cheap prices that will have you coming back!  If I lived in the area, I would definitely make it a morning tradition every now and then!
Walk through the park or the farmer's market while you eat too!Simple menu (just 2 choices), friendly order taker girl. Great value. Amazingly tasty fish and chicken tacos!!I went to Honest Tom's for the first time last weekend in Clark Park.  My girlfriend, my friend, and I were the last ones to get served before they ran out of food and boy were we lucky!  The food was incredible especially the homemade guacamole and iced coffee.  They use Stumptown coffee which is probably some of the best coffee I have ever had.  Tom waited on us and he is very friendly and let us know that he only uses top quality fresh ingredients and he buys local.  
If you see the "Brown Demon" (which is what I call his food truck) you gotta check it out.Here's the thing...Tom's Tacos are satisfying, but really aren't worth raving about.  But...the alternatives in this area kind of suck, which is why they get 4 rather than 3 stars. The tacos are grilled fresh to order, which is nice.  But its really the TOPPINGS, not the filling that make Tom's tacos so tasty (guac and salsa are delightful!).  Which...is exactly what a taco *shouldn't* be.  
If you really want a delicious taco where the *meat*/filling is the exciting part of the taco, go to an authentic place like taqueria veracruzana (food is better AND cheaper!).  But if you're choosing between the assemblage of gringo taquerias this side of the river, Tom's is the clear winner.Every time I see this truck I find myself buying their tacos.
They have a two for $6 deal. Which i think is pretty great.
I always get the chicken tacos so I dont know how the sweet potato or the breakfast tacos are but the chicken are good. Real good  :)Honest Tom's tacos are honestly delicious. 
So fresh and tasty - practically nutritious!
Chicken, sweet potato, steak or fish,
Corn or flour - what's your wish?
Add some hot sauce for some kick,
Tom's a.m. tacos are a perfect taco/breakfasty mix!
Honest Tom's tacos are honestly the best,
It's becoming a problem - I'm totally obsessed!
Alright, obnoxious poem aside, these tacos are delicious. Don't listen to the haters and give them a try, you won't regret it!After Viva Las Vegans left, I didn't think it would be possible to fall in love with another food truck ever again.  
Enter: Honest Tom's.  Like a khaki-colored beacon in the stormy April weather, their delicious breakfast tacos have saved my stomach from suffering through six hours of class.  Home made guacamole, home fries, and two cool homies, there's nothing not to love about this new joint.  For two dollars and fifty cents,  I implore you to meet me in taco heaven.
And what food truck do YOU know that brews their coffee with a french press?  Honestly.  Give it a try.This truck is awesome!
They started showing up at Clark Park on Saturdays.  I've always been a little leery of eating food off a truck, but the fact that they had a line, used fresh produce and were cheap made it a place to check out.
Their breakfast taco was awesome!  It was the perfect size.  My wife said wisely "You want more, not because you're hungry, but it's just that good."  I have to agree.  I might have to start avoiding the Farmer's Market, I'm not sure I could ever resist the temptation to go back to this place.Not sure what all the fuzz is about. 
Went up to the farmer's market and saw the famous Honest Tom's at the corner. Long line in front as always. Gave in and bought a couple of breakfast tacos and a lemonade. The food was pretty good, but honestly it is not taco. More like a breakfast wrap. And damn expensive too. The lemonade is a rip off. Pretty much a cup of ice water with a squeeze of lemon. You get that for free in the restaurant.10 AM + Monday @ 33rd and Arch = no line. 
One breakfast taco fills me up, but luckily, I had a buddy so we got the 2/$6 deal. 
I was thrilled that bacon, gauc, scrambled eggs, crispy potatoes (are those fat fries?!) were packed into my soft, warm tortilla. Like Annabelle D. said, the culinary concept isn't mind-blowing, but it's simply good and satisfying.You can certainly get cheaper, more authentic tacos almost anywhere in south philly, but i really liked the Chicken Tacos i had at the Honest Tom's truck.
Honestly, i know corn totrillas are more authentic, but i simply prefer the texture of the flour tortillas that HTs serve. Also, the chicken was so flavorful and moist. I usually shy away from chicken for meatier options, but i was not disappointed. Sometimes they are at Broad and Lombard, which is still quite a walk from my job, but i plan on making the trek again soon.The tacos are whatever, think "mom just got home from work at 9pm and needs to make something fast, so kids, don't complain" and overpriced. To add insult to the injury of actually waiting in line at a taco bus, they gave me a half filled cup of lemonade but I was too annoyed (and hot) to bother saying anything, not that I should have to in the first place. 
And just an observation but, if you need - after serving at least 30 people in front of us - to ask what the items on your menu.. a menu of *3* things.. cost, and then spend 2 minutes trying to do the math in your head, you are a fucking doorknob without a keyhole.*
Also, tacos should be in the following standardized format:
1 - double CORN shells, not "El Paso" flours
2 - served in threes, not two
3 - cheese should be chihuahua or similar white cheese if at all, not Kraft shredded out of a bag... you gotta be fucking kidding me. 
Not to mention the whole point of a taco bus is that they are supposed to be cheap and these weren't, at all. Some white motherfuckers stole some immigrant's idea and jacked up the price because dumbass hipsters and yuppies on Twitter will pay white people more for sub-par, unauthentic food. Totally overrated hype driven bullshit. The bus isn't even painted, it's a vinyl decal of what a hand painted bus would look like! I mean, I couldn't illustrate what this taco truck represents better than that.
But ok, ok... I know I need to say something positive... so... they put guacamole on the tacos?... and that is always a good thing. Unless you are allergic. 
* Note: I heard him ask the next three people the same thing.Luckily there were no lines around 12:30pm on a weekday, despite the heavily trafficked area by Drexel students. My guess is the $3/taco was too expensive for students looking for something more substantive.
Since they were out of breakfast tacos, I got 2 chicken tacos. The tacos were more California style - fresh grilled chicken (though a tad too salty), fresh guacamole and salsa. Delicious, but not sufficient to fill a hungry student - or this eater.
Note - you will probably see a line at the truck diagonally across the street and in the interest of research, I decided to investigate - after a long 20 minute wait, it was really not worth it. Stick with Toms - order 3-4 tacos.I agree with the praise of all the other reviews to date -- this is one wonderful truck. I just wanted to add some praise of the sweet potato tacos -- they are flavorful and not greasy. They make a nice accompaniment to a chicken taco, or are terrific just by themselves. You don't have to be a vegetarian to enjoy them."You go on, like, missions for your lunches."
That's right, co-worker, I do. Because I don't eat garbage. "Sorry that I only like good shit." 
Today's mission: walk from 16th & Walnut to Broad & Pine for tacos from Honest Tom's. In 95-degree heat and 37% humidity. So I did it. And it was worth it. To the tune or $5, I got two sweet potato tacos. They were heavenly. Lots of fresh guacomole and perfectly charred sweet potatoes. It was a satisfying yet light lunch. I ate them while walking back to my office and found them to be quite portable, as well. 
I overheard that they'll be at this location near UArts every Thursday and I plan on returning on Thursdays to come and perhaps stalking them on the weekends. Yay.Delicious.  Picked up a few breakfast tacos on a sat. morning outside of clark park.  One of the best parts, free for that morning!  and also great guys working in there.
keep doing what your doing honest tom.  cause its straight up good.Thank god! Honest Tom's finally started showing up in center City this summer & I've been a fan since first bite! The chicken tacos are great, although small they are stuffed with goodness: chicken, cheese, pico de gallo, & guac = YUM! I wish the tacos were bigger or priced a little cheaper. $6 for two little tacos is pretty steep but I see why since they use fresh & quality ingredients.Honest Tom's are one of the better food trucks around Drexel's campus.  This is because their tacos come with fresh guacamole, fresh cut onions, and freshly grilled chicken with your chicken tacos.  It is expensive because it's 6 bucks for two tacos that take a bit to make.  I do not go often since I am an average student who does not make enough to afford to expensive meals and not be full.  If you want quality come here, but you can get a nice chicken cheesesteak down the street for $4.50 which will keep your hunger satisfied.  Cash only.Eggs, fresh guacamole, sausage, crispy potatoes, soft flour tortilla, and two big bottles of hot sauce - nothing says good morning better than Tom's breakfast tacos.  I don't know what makes Tom honest, but they definitely don't hide anything by way of ingredients.  Each ingredient is fresh and made with care, making a combination of heavy ingredients taste light and guilt-free. 
This truck gets a lot of attention at Clark park Saturday mornings so come early.  It's a bit slow as is, but come after 11 AM and you may need to crowd surf your way to the window to order.Pretty good. I didn't like the steak taco (very salty), but the chicken with corn tortilla is the way to go.Hands down, THE BEST burrito around Penn's campus. Their breakfast stuff is amazing too. Also, I really want to buy the hot sauce they use for my home. I'm very happy with this place.
I would avoid the beef burrito because they used ground beef instead of chunks of meat. I personally haven't tried it but people have said it's not the best. Order a chicken burrito with everything and be amazed.Haha, luck is on my side.  While walking, minding my own business to work I happened to see Honest Tom's setting up a couple of block from my job.  I have been meaning to catch Tom's for awhile but it was never meant to be.  Today however, it's my day.
Even though my lunch break was not until after 2PM (when the food typically runs out), fortune was still with me.  When I got to the colorful food truck, I just barely made it before all of the food ran out.  The chicken taco was mouthwatering, finger licking delicious.  The fresh guac really enhanced the flavor.  It's just like what you would typically find in SoCal.  I can't wait for when fate allows us to cross path again.
FYI You can follow Honest Tom's on Twitter or Facebook.  Just Google Honest Tom's and you are good to go.Yesterday I was finally able to see what all the fuss was about! 
For lunch a friend and I wandered over to Honest Tom's, parked for the day at 18th & Vine. It was a beautiful day and my stomach was rumblin'. Unfortunately a lot of other office jockeys had the same lunch plan. The guys at Tom's were swamped and it took about 25-30 minutes to get our tacos. That was annoying but it seemed to be more a result of the crowd than an inefficiency of the "kitchen" system so whatever...
I got three sweet potato tacos and a lemonade. Hot damn those were some terrific tacos! The sweet potatoes were cooked perfectly and the other ingredients (especially the guac) were fresh and tasty. Would love to try Tom's for breakfast sometime.
4 stars due to the limited lunch menu (tortilla chips would be a nice addition) and the long wait. See you again soon!I heard all this buzz about this truck so I decide to trek a couple blocks to go eat it for lunch with a friend.
I got the 2 chicken tacos for $6, which was kinda expensive for the small little tacos I got. It woulda been reasonable if it was $1 for a taco. The taste was just okay, nothing really stood out except for the price which like I said is pretty pricey for two small tacos.  After lunch I was hungry after like two hours, honestly I could of made the same thing at home.  I will not be going back.I work right around the corner from this lunch truck. I eat here at least once a week. It's great because the food is fantastic and fresh, and I share the same first name as the cook. I would echo the issue with the lines, but when food is good, you are willing to wait, right? 
It is a modest menu: breakfast tacos until about noon, then either chicken or fish tacos until that runs out. There is a schedule for this, something like Monday and Thursday it's fish and Tuesday, Wednesday, and Friday it's chicken. The tacos come with fresh salsa (usually with corn) and guacamole. They also have sweet potato tacos on occasion.  Also, they serve stump town [iced] coffee, and I had a cup of that today and it was mighty fine. Also, the guys that run the truck are friendly folks so stop by and say hello.Tried them out at the night market and wasn't too impressed...great staff though.Grilled fish, pineapple, and guacamole tacos make a summer afternoon. 
The End.I had a fish taco for lunch. I would have gotten two, but was, alas, two dollars short. No matter: one taco was still tasty, and delicious. I was a little leary of the sweet potato taco and instead went for the fish taco--and was v. glad that I did.
Made to order, it was lightly grilled, moist, and delicious. The fresh guacamole and corn salsa was a great accompaniment, and I didn't even think that I liked unpopped corn---it added a nice contrast of texture, heat, and taste when you bit into a cool, slightly sweet kernel with the steaming hot fish and a drizzle of hot sauce atop it all.
I ate the taco in about five bites on the walk from the truck back to the trolley stop, kicking myself that I hadn't had the extra $2 that would've netted me another one!I love HONEST TOM'S TACO TRUCK.  I'm  only reviewing it   in regards to the Saturday breakfast taco at Clark Park because that's when I  have experienced the  wonderfulness  that is Honest Tom.  For $6 you get two fresh  corn tortillas filled with scrambled egg, fresh guacamole, fresh salsa and roasted potatoes ( I think  there  used to be cheese   last year).  It is a heavenly quick,fresh,tasty, healthy and affordable  breakfast  and I wish Honest Tom had a breakfast truck at the Bryn Mawr Farmer's Market .  Yes long lines await  but things move quickly.  I like the fact there is only one item on the  menu.  It always  tastes great and satisfies me.  HT is opening up  his restaurant  soon and I am hoping  the truck will still be there.    Vive La  breakfast taco!WOW -- I didn't know it was going to be that small!
(the taco)
I've been meaning to write this review ... I went to this place about 5 months ago and I vaguely remember feeling very hungry after having 2 very small tacos that took A LOT of time to prepare. Perhaps if I had more time to waste while standing in the rain or ordered 5 or 6, I would have been fine, but seriously who wants to wait that long?
It's not the best truck I have been to in Philly, but it is one of the better ones.
Food - 2.5* -Average, nothing special but I'm sure it would hit the spot if I had a lot of time to kill
Service - 3* - Slow yet friendly
Location - 5
Extra thoughts - I wish there was some diagram or chart showing the size of these bite-size little things... and at $2.50 for ONE taco, it would take at least $10 to fill up a regular person.On my visit fish tacos were the special of the day and they were blinkin' delicious. Two tacos, plus honest-to-goodness cold brewed Stumptown coffee for a mere $6. Heaven.Checked out this truck when it was visiting center city from west philly.  it took me a little while to find it (18th and vine) but I'm glad I did--the chicken tacos were super good, with chunks of grilled chicken, generous amounts of guacamole, and very good, fresh pico de gallo.  I was also really happy that they held together well--not too messy  or soggy (after ordering I looked down at my white shirt and sighed a little.  cheerfully it is still white!!!).  the lemonade was tart and refreshing and super good.  I would definitely go back again to try the sweet potato and the fish tacos.This has go to be the best breakfast taco I've ever tasted.    
Eggs, potatoes, bacon and amazing guacamole.  2 for $6.  If it wasn't so far from South Philly, I'd be here all the time.I saw a line outside the farmers market so I thought "I've been hearing a lot about this truck, let me give it a try."  I ordered the breakfast taco thingy and waited in line.  The nice young girl who accepts the money with no gloves, helped to assemble the taco for a lady in front of me, scratched a mosquito bite on her arm, and continued to put things together.  She seemed like a nice enough gal and service with a smile and friendly conversation.  Working in a hospital and seeing preventable infectious disease at a climb, it grossed me out a bit.  I'm sorry Tom, you may be honest, but that was not great hygiene.  hopefully it was a momentary lapse in thought, but that was not cool.after many years I've come to the conclusion that there just aren't to many honest Toms. Edison comes close but since Tesla was better it's open to debate. Tom Hanks pulls it off so well on film that he can't be in real life, and we all know Cruise is too much of a basket case to be honest.Tommy Lee might have proven to be honest about some things that I'd rather not visualize (we all at least heard about that video), but he's also too much of a rock star douche to be honest. Fact of the matter is, aside from my cousin, and Yelp's own Tom C., I've never met an honest Tom. At least that was until Honest Tom rolled into Clark Park with all of his wonderful tacos and coffee.
Tom and his Tomettes are honest enough to let you know when they stop serving breakfast tacos (one day I might wake up early enough to try one!), and when they only have coffee available after a long day. But they're also honest enough to let you know what hot sauce is hotter and what coffee blend they have for the day. And it's things like that that have given them an honest following for a food truck.
And honest to god do they know how to cook a taco! whether it's chicken, steak, my favorite sweet potato, or the ever elusive breakfast taco, it's always tasty and filled with fresh ingredients. and you can load them up with plenty of extras including cheese, veggie cheese, sour cream, fresh guacamole, and the abundance of hot sauces that they offer. toss in the fair trade and inexpensive coffee that it hooks up and it makes for one pretty amazing food truck!I had begun stalking Honest Tom's one week before the planets aligned and my schedule allowed a schlep to their chosen lunchtime locale.  I placed my order ahead of time via telephone(because efficiency is the most important human emotion) and headed down.
I was greeted to a colorful food truck in a relatively sparse area of Center City(18th and Vine) where a crowd of about 18 people waited for their tacos.  We received our orders quickly because waiting in line is for fools and calling ahead is great.  
If you're going to spend the effort stalking a food truck on Twitter and facebook, you might as well just put their number into your cell.
I respect Honest Tom's a lot - they restrict themselves to two menu items per lunch and, by limiting the variety, they are able to focus all of their energies on making what they do have extremely good.
I had a chicken taco and a sweet potato taco and an Arnold Palmer to drink.  It was all excellent.  The sweet potato taco is great and the chicken taco was tender and bursting with excellence.
These are some serious freaking tacos and the guacamole is the reason why.  If you don't like guacamole, then eat one of these tacos.  If you still don't like guacamole, then there is no hope for you.  You have caused a rift between yourself and the avocado and nothing will heal it.  
Oh yeah, their hot sauce is really, really, really great.
Props to Anna Marie C. for joining me on this trek for tacos.
Protip: If you are a big guy, order 3 tacos for maximum satiety.I've only had Honest Tom's once, but once was enough to know that I need more of Tom and his honest ways in my life. Breakfast tacos are just perfect. Eggs, bacon, guacamole, breakfast potatoes - what more do you need in life? Maybe a little hot sauce. Get it, in several different varieties, on the ledge of the truck. 
I'm sure the regular tacos are great too, but I'll likely look for Honest Tom's during breakfast hours for my next visit.