Best bakery store in Chinatown! Love the food and customer service. Felt so comfy! It opens till 2am!So I got there Asian buns and honeydew bubble tea...there buns are reasonable for there prices.. Pastries weren't to dry or thick the filling inside the bread has a decent amount... There honey dew bubble tea was kinda bland ...loved the fact they put fresh fruits but they should add some cream or sugar to sweeten there bubble tea.. The bubble tea cost three bucks the Asian buns were 60cents-one fifty depending on the types of buns you chose... They have good customer service..they even have free wifi thought that was pretty cool ...never really been to an Asian bakery that has wifi lolWent in here in the morning on the last day of my vacation. The trip was a gift for my daughter's birthday. We had tried to get her a bubble tea at some other places but either couldn't find the time, didn't like how the restaurant looked or the line was too long. We went in around 930 and the lady behind the counter was so sweet. I didn't have a lot of cash on me and she said she could take my card. After she wasn't able to swipe it through her machine, she suggested I just pull money from the ATM. I didn't want to pay $5.50 in fees on $6.00 worth of food and she said it was fine. Took all the rest of my cash off of me and my daughter got her bubble tea and I got my char siu bao.
Little old lady! Thank you! You made our trip!No, no, no, no. 
Now, although some people may find my 2 star review unjustified, but I believe that products should be consistent, and that one bad experience is a reason to judge an establishment's products. 
Ham and Egg Bun. 
Bread, a bit burnt. Cold. Ham, thin as a slice of deli, and egg over hard. Every other ham and egg bun I've tried had a thicker slice of ham (and bigger, too), and a more substantive egg. If Hong Kong Bakery is trying something new or homemade, I don't think it works. It's just that the proportions were entirely uneven. Sometimes I would be eating only egg. Sometimes, only ham. In addition, there was mayonnaise. Was not expecting that. If a little, fine. However, this was a big sludge! nu-uh!I live in Chinatown and there are a lot of pretty good Asian bakeries here.. Hong Kong is NOT one of them. The other day was the first time (and most definitely the last) I bought something there and this is what happened... It was a cherry danish, which did not have a price marked on it. When I asked how much it was I was told $1.25, which is about average for something like this. I handed over $1.25 and was told it was $1.50. I handed over another quarter when it suddenly went up to $1.75. I was tempted to just forget about it, but nevertheless handed them another quarter. I guess it would have been ok if at least the pastry was good... It turned out to be about 3 days old, dried out with no cherries inside, just a bit of some kind of dried up jam smeared inside... Not sure where all these good reviews come from, maybe this was just a fluke, but I am definitely not a fan of this particular bakery!Decided to stop in here because yay Hong Kong bakery!
The lady who owns the shop is super friendly. 
I ordered a taro bubble tea. Delicious. The pearls were the perfect consistency. And a decent price.
Sadly, I had gotten egg tarts but I forgot about them in my hotel room and didn't get to try them. 
Next time I'm in town, I'll have to stop back in!A good variety...they had a nice shrimp rice roll.  The egg custard tart was really good, light and just the right amount of flake.
Steam buns need some work and so do their sticky rice wrapped in lotus leaf but the sugary stuff rockedWith a great selection of pastries i simply cant resist giving this place 4 stars.
 all i can ask for is a great hot dog pastry and my day is set !!!
they even have an awesome "poop" shaped pastry which i thought was really funny and cute ^_^.I Love Hoong Kong Bakery and since I am in chinatown mode it gets 5 stars but seriously their rolls are delightful even my son likes their cookies!! woohoo good bye Nabisco!!! Go for the rolls and the Triangle Sponge cake and the awesome pork buns. Hong Kong Bakery goodies are a staple take home on a visit to China Town bad thing about em is that they do not accept plastic but its only 70 cents to 80 cents worth of dough bread so its fine with me .This is currently my favorite chinese bakery in Philly. 
They have great bubble tea made from fresh fruit or tea. The fruit they use depends on the season, so don't be put off if they can't make the flavor you want. I can usually get cantaloupe or honeydew year-round. Otherwise, I love the almond tea variety. Their bubbles are usually what I (probably inappropriately) refer to as al dente. They aren't soggy, but they are cooked through, with a nice chewy texture.
And they make my faaavorite snowballs in Chinatown- not too sweet and plenty full of coconut, sesame seeds and peanuts. They also have pretty good almond cookies, which are usually a crowd-pleaser. The melon cakes shrank quite a bit recently, so they lose a star for that. I was pretty sad since they're my favorite pastry here. I have no idea how they hell they make them (dried honeydew? maybe winter melon? and, like, sesame seeds? coconut?) so I'm at their mercy until I figure it out.What this place lacks in glamour, it makes up for in atmosphere. Hong Kong bakery has been my late-night refuge for quite some time. I honestly have no idea when it opens or closes, but I've gone here at 3 am and have been greeted by the very lively owner. Her English is as broken as the Juvenile Judicial System, yet she is able to effectively communicate her thoughts and ideas better than many of my professors. Like I mentioned previously, the real selling point of this place is the atmosphere. Very cozy and pleasant, particularly late at night. As far as the food goes, I've only ever had the sponge cake roll. They are cheap and delicious! However, I can't say I come for the food...
This place is ideal for small, late-night meetings that you need to keep private. I rate this establishment awesome and give it seven rainbows, two crescent moons and one gold star.Here's a good bubble tea stop- fresh and fruity, is my report. The first time around we just going to stick to the cold refreshing drinks, but the eye starts to wander to bakery cases. Constantly. 
The nicest lady, who's always there, suggested that I try the coconut bun, as I couldn't decide. Good choice! These days I can't walk by the place without considering it. I've returned for that very pastry. Or the coconut pineapple one. And then there are the egg tarts; egg custardy little devils. 
Inexpensive sweet snack stop! Hong Kong Bakery Shop!
(I just started chanting this. I like to chant.)I've gotten dan ta (egg custard tarts) from Hong Kong Bakery since I was a little kid. The crust of the dan ta is the best in chinatown. Flakey and light. Other bakeries don't know how to make them like this; theirs are always heavy and dry. 
My mom and grandfather always got baked + steamed buns and all the other requisite sweets from this place, and they still do not disappoint!
The bubble tea is also great here. My favorite is the green tea bubble tea. Not too sweet, and the green tea has a nice tea-bittery kick. They use crushed/slushy ice with the bubble tea, which I prefer over other bakeries that use huge ice cubes. (You can never get all the bubbles out when you're finished the drink!)
I think it's cash only, so keep that in mind.
My mom loves the coffee roll cakes from this place too.
Their traditional fruit cakes are great for birthdays, etc. We always used to order our bday cakes from them, but I've recently switched over to Sweet Eats in south jersey--because the strawberry + banana cake is to DIE for.
Bring some cash and pick up a bun, egg custard, and a bubble tea. You won't be disappointed!This place is slowly becoming one of my favorites (along with its cousins Mong Kok Station and Zhong Gang). The owner is really friendly, and the prices are modest. They are happy to make many drinks with Sweet 'n Low, if that is your thing. I ordered a Thai Iced Tea there yesterday, and was pleasantly surprised to find that they used real tea, and not a powder. Since real tea was used, they were able to make the drink sugar-free. For whatever reason, I like their coffee better than the coffee of most of their competitiors.
The pastry selection is a bit small, but perhaps that is because they also serve inexpensive "real" food. I've never tried it, but they have a menu of heartier fare that is all around $5.This review is only for their bubble tea: it's good here. The tapioca "bubbles" are soft yet chewy. The "bubbles" themselves are nicely flavored: not too sweet, not too bland. My only wish: I wish they put less ice in the cold bubble teas.  Perhaps, I can ask them to put less.. It tends to make the bubbles too hard. I miss Ten Ren from NY...Coconut bun was really good. The sesame ball really thick and doughy, but still good. Usually, the dough is not as thick so there's a better balance of filling (mung bean or taro, etc.), crunchiness, and chewiness.
I would go back just for the coconut bun though!I love this place for coffee and pastry.I am always go there for coffee and have some nice and tasty buns, the people who work there are  very nice and friendly! last week we ordered the birthday cake for my friend son's birthday, it was so delicious! I highly recommend this place for every one.What's the deal with Chinese bakery shops you ask?    They're sweet, but they're not so sweet.  Sweeeet.    Nooot so sweeet.
What's the deal with that?
You know, if you've ever eaten a cake from a Chinese bakery, you know what I'm talking about.   The texture of the cake always seems to be a little bit off, a bit spongier and denser, as if they used somewhat of a low-gluten flour to bake the cake.   Icing is almost always heavy on the whipped cream, and low on the sugar.   And as a whole, there seems to be about half as much sugar dumped into the batter as found at American, Italian, and French bakeries.   This results in a cake that tastes uniquely its own, and if I were to describe it, I'd say it tastes like cross between a low-sugar pound cake and sponge cake.
To be honest, the taste of a Chinese-style cake takes some getting used to, and as a life-long American with a sweet tooth and the fillings to prove it, I actually think I prefer the sweeter versions.   But I do know that there are at least 1.2 billion people in the world who prefer this version of a pastry, so Chinese bakeries everywhere rejoice!The food here is alright. I came here today to grab some breakfast because I love my rice noodles for breakfast. Unfortunately the rice noodles must have been lukewarm, because I literally walked 2 blocks and when I sat down to eat it, they were cold :(
Also, the rice noodles and the few pieces of slices ham and veggies were burnt, which didn't taste good. The lady who works here is really nice though they could improve on their food!Long, long ago my friends and I came here. One of them ordered an avocado smoothie and it was watery and she made the lady redo it. :/ My friend still wasn't happy. She got what she paid for. It was like two or two fifty.  I didn't order any so I don't have much to say.
Recently, I came back and ordered curry fish balls, which I was expecting to be on sticks. They had heated it up, placed inside a plastic to go container and poured curry sauce on it. The fish balls were ok, not a favorite.
I don't know this place seems dead to me and a bit gloomy and rusty. But until I fully experience it more, I'll give them the benefit of the doubt with three stars. I mean I hardly give two stars unless the place really pissed me off or is completely run down.I love this bakery, it is definitely my favorite! I am extremely loyal to this place. It has become the only place that I will buy my bubble tea from. They serve a variety of things from dim sum to the normal cakes and bakery items. I would highly recommend this bakery if you are in Chinatown, definitely stop by.Hong Kong Bakery is one of the few places in Chinatown where you can sit inside and enjoy your boba. It's also the only bakery selling sweet moon cakes all year long that I know. The moon cakes come in green bean and green tea fillings. The owner is so nice that she offered to warm my moon cakes to eat there. I also tried a green bean and lotus cake, which I disliked because the pastry tasted weird. But I definitely would go back here to satisfy my craving for moon cakes.Awesome place. Went with my boyfriend and the staff was really friendly and pleasant. We ordered a pastry and frappe. The atmosphere was very casual and laid back and felt as if I was at a friends house where I could just enjoy a quiet evening. 
Wonderful place if you just want to get out from the cold, have amazing sweets, and a quiet time with the person you love.Loyally serving delicious bubble tea and buns, even at 2:00 in the morning. I love the staff, too - very friendly!Not really sure why a bakery served noodles in the middle of the night.... But found out they shouldn't. Period. Our waiter was our server, AND cook. From a microwave. Our wontons weren't even nuked enough and still raw in the middle. Maybe they should stick with what they know like bread, but now this experience has totally ruined it for me. 
Update: my brother ended up getting food poisoning later that night. ..... Enough for me.This is the place in Chinatown to get egg custards (aka dan tat.) 
The custard itself is hard to mess up and the bakeries around here all do a fine job with it, but more importantly, Hong Kong Bakery dan tats have crusts with the requisite amount of flakiness. This isn't true at, say, K.C.'s Pastry.
I haven't sampled many of their other pastries, but the "cupcake" (zee bao dan go) was just fine -- i.e. tasty. The milk tea could have been a little more bitter, but I like my milk tea on the bitter side in general, so that's not really their fault. It's still pretty good. 
Also, they have Ovaltine and Horlick on the same menu! That's pretty Hong Kong.
I'm pretty sure they only take cash, but don't quote me on that.I love this place! I go here with my friends and alone ALOT because I live around here. Their buns are good, their mai fun noodles are awesome, their hot chocolate doesn't taste awkward like ones other bakeries offer.
LOVE THIS PLACE: I recommend the large hot chocolate, and the ham and egg bun, also their fried noodles...yes theyre a bakery and they offer noodles.I never realized that Chinese cake was such a mystery before reading other Yelpers reviews. Growing up we had this kind of cake at most festivities (birthdays, holidays, weddings, etc.) so I guess I'm just accustomed to it's mild taste. 
Ever wonder why they don't serve dessert at Chinese restaurants other than the American-born fortune cookie or, if you're lucky, orange slices? Because Chinese people (I'm generalizing) aren't into sugary desserts, as anyone who's tried red bean soup can tell you.
Of course, there is a difference between good and bad Chinese cake. I recently tried a small cake from HK Bakery and would say it's mediocre, but what do you expect for $6.50? The cake part was fine, but the whipped cream frosting was too heavy for my taste and the fruit cocktail filling was a bit odd. My favorite Chinese cake uses canned peaches and/or fresh strawberries with much lighter whipped cream. I'm not sure if I'll be able to find this with the limited amount of bakeries here in C town though...Got ripped off, I know it was mainly because I am a westerner... Never experienced that in NYC though, and I used to live in a Chinese neighborhood. Disappointing, won't stay in business long.Came here for bubble tea only - we ordered durian, honeydew and mango. The nice thing about this place is that they make all of their drinks from scratch (REAL FRUIT, not powder). However, this also means that the drinks aren't always consistent - mainly because ingredients are measured by eye and certain fruits may not be in season.
Out of the three flavors we had, honeydew was definitely the best. The mangoes they used for the mango bubble tea weren't at their peak, so the drink tasted like unripe mango. My friends, who ordered the durian bubble tea, both said that it was somewhat watered down. The tapioca balls in the bubble tea were perfect though (not too soft, not too hard).
They also sell a bunch of different Chinese pastries - including egg tarts!I always go to this place to get my favorite milk tea and. The lady there is very friendly to me. Calling me 'leng jai' everytime lol. Price is slightly lower then others too i believe. Cant be more happy about it.Don't come here. Went last night and got 4 pastries (2 bean cakes, 2 snowballs) and guy charged me $9.50. Receipt says "Custom Amount". Definitely got the tourist price.called and ordered here instead of the place next to it by accident. cake cost $33 and tbh its not even worth it. The birthday cake was dry, wrong spelling, frosting taste like its whip cream. Not being mean but cake looks unappetizing Just a big disappointment.Solid pastry shop with decent milk tea options as well.  The manager is friendly and helpful, though the downside is that their prices seem to be ~20-30% higher than neighboring pastry shops.I love coming to Hong Kong Bakery during the summer to get their delicious pineapple smoothie! I absolutely LOVE the fact that they are probably the only Asian bakery shop that DO NOT put condense milk in their  smoothies. The owners are extremely nice and helpful! On top of that, their smoothies are only $2.50! :)
They do not use fresh pineapples to make the smoothie. Instead, they use canned pineapples but it's still so delicious! It tastes so much better than those other bakeries that use artificially-made powder in their drinks.
I know they do, in fact, make some smoothies with fresh fruits including papaya and mango. As for other flavors such as almond and taro, they definitely use the powdery substance.
I highly recommend this place on a hot summer day, and if you're fed up with all these other Asian bakeries putting condense milk in your drinks!!!Wide selection of bakery products, hot and cold drinks, and one of the two places I know of in Philadelphia  where you can get a cup of natural 100% certified organic coffee.
The beef noodle soup here is banging, too!I'm begging to notice a lot of places in Ctown do not have AC. It is sweltering inside. 
Nothing really eventful. We I came here to get a decent taro bubble tea for my gf.The woman working the counter argued with me about heating up my sesame balls and pork buns- then proceeded to microwave the shit out of them. I wish I hadn't paid first: now I'm hoping she's not in the back microwaving my soup. Coming from the east Bay Area where Chinatown (even at the late hours) steams or fries your dim sum when you order it- this is extraordinarily disappointing. What the actual fuck. And I'm spending 21 dollars for two pork buns, two sesame balls & some soup? 
I don't even want my food anymore.Friendly, clean, and cheap.  This place is probably my favorite Chinese bakery so far in Philly.  I stopped by after reading some good reviews of it on Yelp and picked up a couple of egg tarts and pineapple coconut buns.  Both were exquisite.  
The egg tarts were the best I've had in my life.  Unfortunately, they were a little mushed on the walk home.  They didn't seem as firm as at other places, but they did melt in your mouth and that was worth way more than holding its shape.  I'd recommend getting a bunch of those if you come by here.  They're addictive and only 70 cents each.
The pineapple coconut buns were also ridiculous.  Soooo good!  Flaky, soft, and sweet, these buns were delicious, huge, and 80 cents a pop.  I couldn't even wait to get home with these things and started to munch on them as soon as I walked out the door.  
The service was friendly too.  I have to give props to the lady behind the counter who suggested the coconut pineapple bun.  She guided me well.   
The only thing I wish was different is their raisin bread.  It's a little more expensive than at other places and comes in sliced bread form, whereas I like mine more in bun/roll form.  I'll probably have to pass on it here but that just gives me an excuse to hit up multiple bakeries and that's never a bad thing.    
Go here for yumminess!After stopping off at two other Chinese bakeries this evening looking for a pineapple bun to no avail, I was pleased to step in to the HK Bakery Shop and find that there was one remaining bun prior to closing for the day. 
I snatched it right up and took it over to Franklin Square to munch on while enjoying the water fountain and the cooler weather. 
The bun was just as I remembered from my time living in Hong Kong--perhaps a little on the dry side given it was end of day, but just as airy inside and flaky outside. 
Plenty of other baked goods to choose from but I was a man on a mission and paid little attention to anything else. Would come back and try more of the menu in the future.On my quest to try out every bakery in Chinatown, this place unfortunately did not make it amongst the top contenders but it wasn't bad either. This shop is certainly a lot smaller than most of its competitors but it did have a lot of heart. I only tried one of the fluffy white pastries, the ones that look like a fluffy eggy ice cream cone and it was... Not bad just a little bit on the cold side. The prices were comparable to the other bakeries, but I think that if they somehow were able to show a frequent exchange of fresh bakeries coming in and out of the ovens, that'd enhance its appeal.it's an amazing place. food and drinks were great along with fast service. would come back again for sure.I've been trying to get myself to become more comfortable to Chinatown. Simply because it's a different environment (and language) for most people. And I'm glad I'm trying. I seen quite a few people walk in to this little bread bakery and tea joint. So I followed. It's just an average place but their rolls were absolutely succulent and tasty. I only asked for one roll from the window, but she threw in a different flavor for free (very kind gesture, and noticed). Each one is about a dollar, so walk in and try something! Ask for something sweet. Many people take breakfast items for next day. To the woman behind the counter, Thank you for being so kind!I came here while I was wandering around Chinatown. I came across this place and was surprised that it was still open. A lot of bakery places had closed already. I wanted to give a try and got 2 buns - taro and red beans. I love the taro one, but i didn't like the red bean. The red bean paste inside was dry and not a lot. The staff was nice and welcoming. I wouldn't mind coming back to try other items here. I would give a 3.5 stars but I only tried 2 things and their service was nice. So I rounded up to 4 stars.I really enjoyed this place. Their bubble tea is soft and not overly sweet. I ordered the avocado smoothie with boba. I like how the drink was so smooth, they use like sushi ice or something. There weren't chunks of ice or anything in it which was awesome. And the avocado was strong. They also have a cute Pina colada in a whole pineapple that they were trying to push, which seemed too intense for me. And everything is really affordable. The guy in the front was very nice and personable. He seems to be an account in the area, and offering to help people open bank accounts. Their pastries are bit ordinary, but you can tell they put a lot of hard work into their pastries by how they look. Overall, not a bad experience. If I'm in the area I'd drop by again....probably my least favorite bakery in all of Chinatown. Stuff here is more expensive than surrounding bakeries/cafes, and the stuff that is similarly priced is definitely subpar. With so many other options, I don't think I'd come here again.
The few plus sides are: they're open later than other bakeries (that was the reason I ended up eating here - evening noms), and the owner is really friendly (at least, if you're Chinese). Also, their stuff isn't exactly OMG-type expensive, only maybe a dollar more so than other places. The lady who runs the place seems really genuine and made all of our food fresh for us.
On the downside, the food here was not very impressive. Ordered a noodle soup, and the lady had to call in her disgruntled daughter (who sat in the corner ignoring us and playing on her phone while watching a Korean drama at the same time - huh?) to go out and get noodles and fish balls from the market next door. It was a decent soup, and obviously made to order, but considering my other options in Chinatown, it could only be described as average.
I also ordered the red bean ice fruit shave. Can I say...worst decision ever? Not only did it take forever to make, my fruit "shave" consisted of: sweetened condensed milk, ice CUBES, red bean, strawberries, two cherries, and the most rock-hard and unsweetened honeydew I have ever had the misfortune to come across. The slices of the honeydew were gigantic, and it was so hard that I had to eat it with my fingers - it bent the fork more than any psychic pokemon. Oh, and did I mention that my fruit shave consisted of ice cubes? How was I supposed to eat that? 
I ended up asking the lady for a cup, and poured the whole thing in. On my way home, I waited for the ice to melt, and ended up with a really weird tasting red bean+water drink thing.Boba review only: I read on Yelp that this place had almond milk tea, so I had to stop by and check it out for myself...I come from the west coast where shops dedicated to just boba are pretty common, but I seem to be having a difficult time finding any place that offers something as simple as an almond milk tea out here. The lady who greeted us upon entering was friendly, which was a nice change from a few of the other Chinese bakeries I've been to so far. Since I'd just had lunch earlier, I didn't have much of an appetite for any of the pastries, so I just looked them over while I waited for my drink to be made...the Mr. Poo Cake was funny, but none of the other pastries really stood out. The almond milk tea itself was good...I'd tried one previously at Greenland Tea House, and I prefer the one here at HK, so this will be my go-to for almond boba fixes. Nice almond flavor and boba that's chewy and not too squishy (all the boba I've had in Philly so far has always been too squishy, what gives?). Next time I'm back, I'll try the egg custard tart per others' reviews.Friendly lady at the register, but unfortunately, the egg tart here is incredibly subpar. The custard isn't terrible, but the puff pastry is supposed to be flaky...
But the word 'flaky' has lost all meaning here.
I hope their other offerings are much better...It was a very expensive $2 steamed bun. For that size, it should be $1. Plus there was more bread than filling.Tasty and quite reasonably priced Chinese pastries.. the grean tea/lotus/red bean pastry is pretty good. they make Vietnamese style coffee. very friendly people! a simple place with a few tables.The owner here is so sweet. My students came in to try pastries and she brought over one on the house for us to try, all warmed up and everything. We really appreciated her kindness. Delicious pineapple buns.Just bought half a dozen baos from this place and they are all spoiled. Annoyed I didnt check prior to leaving.This is my favorite bakery in Philly's Chinatown- I love their bubble teas, egg tarts, congee, etc! 
I think they switched owners in the recent years and the new owner is such a nice guy. I see him working behind the counter every now and then and he's always so friendly & down to earth. 
A few times I dropped by when they were about to close shop and was able to get extra egg tarts on top of the ones I already bought. 
All in all, this is a great place to just swing by for some tasty pastries and a nice cold bubble tea!