first time posting on yelp and will only post on bad establishments to warn people. i come here when driving to downtown philly is not an option. came here almost all the time between nba finals and world cup: everytime it gets worse. the only thing good they have on tap is Guinness but unfortunately they do not know how to pour it. . i mean they may know how to but they just dont take the time to do so and the last time i was here they poured my guiness like they pour a f***ing bud light. ordered five rounds they messed it up 3 out of 5. she got the last two order right just because i had to tell her how it should be done and the last time she had to rush it. food wise is a disaster if any yelp readers want to know a much better place for wings respond to this post and i will get back to you. the last time i was there which is today, 7/9/14, to watch argentina vs netherlands, the girl in the bar spent her time on one side of the bar and could careless about other customers. i mean ive been coming here giving 50%, 100% tip and the best she could do is pour that wonderful Guinness straight down to the glass,then leave while its pouring then come back in a  rush to pour the rest. i mean really. look i dont need any servers to talk to me or even ask how im doing but come on, pour that great guiness properly so at least i can enjoy it. i guess she's just too busy entertaining one customer out of 5 in the bar. there are much better places to go to please i warn you do not waste your time in here. unless i guess you have absolutely nothing better to do and no other choice of place to go to then go ahead just make sure order a soda or iced tea, they'll probably get that right. even better i would come back here again and take a video of how disastrous how they messed up your drink who ever is in the bar. maybe management will read this post and train their servers properly.Nice Staff, and a very pleasant barmaid.
The wings took awhile to reach the bar, ( only a few customers) and they were just OK and my ginger ale tasted like fruit punch
If you wanna drink and catch a game, it's ok...but if your hungry, and want descent food...skip this place!
The only reason I gave 2 stars because of the pleasant barmaid.I decided to stop in for a quick lunch on a Saturday afternoon. The place was pretty empty. The service.was okay. The waitress checked on us regularly.
The poor rating is for:
The menus were sticky. Gross! 
I was served salad in a visibly cracked bowl. When I returned the salad, they had ran out of spring mix and had to make the new salad with romaine. They did apologize profusely but how can you  serve food in a chipped bowl?
The highlight for me were the Daytona wings which were very good.
I will not be returning.Went for.the 80's throwback  menu during lunch. $3.95 instead of $10.00 for 10 wings. Wings took about 15 - 20 minutes to come out, a little long because the place wasn't crowded at all. Asked for sauce on the side and was charged $1.00 for 2 oz side of sauce! Even if the wings were regularly priced,  that's high in my book. My wings were hot and done when they came out. Food was good and my Hooters girl was great but they need to speed up the service.African American bartender with black rimmed glasses on entrance was extremely rude and condescending, and argumentative.
I have been here two other times and the food was horrible both times prior.  I decided to give them another try because kids eat free on Saturdays.   Food is still poor and overpriced.
Only about 5 other tables had patrons but it still took over 20 minutes for food.  
Waitress was very nice and pleasant.
There are plenty of places to eat in NE Phila.  This was third visit and third strike.   Will not return.Not what I expected. The wings were ok. I also ordered a side of chilli fries, which were very salty. They also messed our order up so we had to wait 40 minutes (maybe more) for our food.The girls are not all that. Might pretty but ugly inside. Service won't be good. You will regret it . Go to other bars and you will have better time .1-18-16 Greg n. I went to eat lunch last Thursday at Hooters on the Blvd. in Philadelphia and the food was spectacular as usual!! It was made even better by the fact that my server, Amberly, who was just such a ray of sunshine, and so cheerful that I was just bowled over with charm!! She knew how to make me feel welcome at the Hooters chain for sure and she was as fast as greased lightning when it came to getting the food out and she was totally accurate with the order! I hope to get Amberly to wait on me again because she was so amazing and fun loving it wasn't even funny!! Oh, I forgot to mention that Amberly is incredibly beautiful beyond all measure and I highly recommend this awesome girl to anyone who comes to Hooters on the Blvd.Took an hour for our wings to come out only to have them be cold and the wrong sauce. Need to hire a new kitchen staff.The food was excellent, staff was pretty good. We couldn't seem to flag down our waitress to get refills on our beverages until right at the end of our meal but other than that I thought that this Hooters was pretty good.This was my first ever visit to Hooters. The food overall was very good. I will say our waitress was kind of neglectful to our table. We waited a long time for our food and she did not check on us after our order came. I will cut her some slack because it was sort of busy. The wings were very good. I tried the honey chipotle sauce. I would definitely go again.So came in and sat here for about 10min without being served or acknowledged. Food came and drinks came in a decent amount of time, when we did finally order. But they forgot our silverware. Waitress seemed like she just wanted to chit chat it up with co workers and not do her job. And I know what hooters is all about but seriously her shorts were up her crack. So they get two stars cause the  service really sucked tonight.This was my first time at this Hooters location and I'm happy to say they met my expectations based on visits to other Hooters restaurants.  There's a pretty relaxed atmosphere on a Friday afternoon, so we were free to sit wherever.  The waitresses were patient as folks in my party changed their mind about where to sit several times.  Once we settled down our waitress got our drink orders, then food, and everything came out as we asked.  There's nothing about this restaurant that makes it stand out in my mind from other Hooters places, but they did a good job of providing what we expect of this chain.  I'm still missing the Maple Shade restaurant; now this is the next closest place.Self seating leads to self leaving. If no one knows you're theyre how do they know to come serve you?! After a half hour of being ignored we left.the boneless pepper wings were great. waitress Dee is pretty and quick to serve food, take drinks orders. she knows the regulars. blonde bartender nicole is great at handling customers while keeping the drinks filled. nicole looks like a natural model. plenty of tvs for wide variety sports.In a word YUCK. Food was slow coming out and when it did we realized that was a good thing. Food was soggy and Luke warm. Server came to our table once without being asked to come over. We specifically sat at a table to watch the Yankee game and when the manager switched it we were told he wouldn't switch it back. He wasn't even courteous enough to come over and discuss it with us. Just a very disappointing experience from start to finish.Haven't experienced Hooters since my college days and based on my most recent experience, I haven't missed much. This location in particular was a hoot (no pun intended). Place is nearly empty (except for a family who bought in about 26 kids for the kids eat free promo). Plenty of waitresses just standing around while we wait to get our drink order in. Daytona style wings were so-so considering they take longer than normal wings to cook. The Hooter girls looked like this place was the last place they wanted to be at. Trust me, I felt the same way ladies!Kids eat free on Saturday, that is all that mattered. It was a group of 3 families and it was a deal we cannot pass up.
The place could be a little cleaner in appearance. 
The waitresses were friendly and ok, not great as there was too much wait at times.
I would like a better beer selection and food selection. If you don't want burger or wings there is not much else there. 
The burger I had was ok, sub-par. 
But, did I mention the kids are free? That is all that mattered.
Waitresses sit at some tables which seemed odd to me. I guess they knew the customers and could be that friendly.I wish there wasn't a stereotype for the women that work there and the atmosphere. They truly are one of the greatest sports bars I've ever been too, and I solely believe it is not based on the way the wait staff dresses. Their food is really really good, and they have great specials during sporting events. The waitresses are extremely nice and attentive. I just wish they would come up with a different method than ice bags in your beer.Went on a lunch date with my son (14yrs old) as he requested Hooters. Blonde haired waitress brought my water out with a long strain of blonde hair on the lemon. I looked at it and said is that hair? She looked at it and put the glass down.  We placed our order and she began to walk away. I called her back and said, "Are you really going to just leave the water here with your hair on the lemon" she said, "oh." And took the glass.  That was so dumb of her. I guess you only have to have the "look" and not the "brains" to work there. She seemed nice but her service was horrible there on out. The food was ok. They don't have a special lunch menu. I asked it there were any special she said, " If there are they didn't tell me." Duh!!' 
We asked for the check but had to wait too long for her to come back to get my card to pay we put our coats on and just waited patiently for way too long. I would say almost 10 minutes. My son went to the restroom and when he returned he couldn't believe she still didn't come to the table to take my card for payment. We noticed another waitress getting her attention to pointed over to us and she sat with our coats just looking waiting for her to noticed.Food was pretty bad. The wings where full of grease dripping grease. The wings had them black blood spots. Im assuming though im no professional chef the grease temp wasnt high enough. The loaded taters also not good. The cheesed used was that cheap squeeze cheese and barely had any bacon. The burger was the only decent thing here. The burger and the service was pretty good. That is the reason for the 2 star rating. Other wise i would avoid this place. Hooters you can do better. Say aint so?Hooters like most franchise places are overrated. And you can see why this place draws customers. But the experience once you are there is quite calm, especially during the day time. The food is just average. You have to know what to order and stick to the basics. Overall, it is a good concept for guys, sports viewing and late nights with no where to go.I have been to many hooters, even in different states. Bottom line is that it's a restaurant chain and there is not much I expect from it, seriously. I expect average tasting wings, fries and everything else. They provide exactly that, and it tastes very decent. I love the intensity of the spiciest wings they have, because I still find them tolerable enough to eat without quitting on them. I go there mostly for BRO time to catch a game, grab beers, and the good old typical wings. If you want to watch a game with some typical game food to eat, be assisted by sort-of hot girls, this is a good place, just don't expect anything to blow your mind.My wings are red inside and I'm eating on a paper towel because the plates that they brought out had previous costumes grease all over the plates there was 5 plates and each one of them had hot sauce and oil all over them. I am disappointed this is the most disgusting experience I've ever had.3-15-15 greg n., hatboro, pa. I took my friend over to Hooters last night for dinner on our night out and I was happy that  Hooters has such atmosphere on Saturday night. It was very pleasant weather wise to be out on a Saturday night after the tough winter we had. It also helped that I was fed with the usual awesome cuisine that Hooters usually serves and the server we did have was very well mannered and polite and sophisticated and intelligent and prompt!  She made me feel welcome and comfortable last night at Hooters. I want to go there again thanks to her graciousness! I think she had a lot to talk about and she was fun to talk to for sure! She gave my friend niceness and politeness and prompt business-like service with his drinks and that's important to me! Her name was Erin and I told her boss she was a great waitress and I myself think she was stupendous and beautiful beyond all measure and highly recommend her as a server if you're looking to get fine service and highly intelligent conversation and the red carpet treatment at Hooters on the Roosevelt Blvd.Nicole D. Was the worst bartender I have ever been around. She was very rude, short not appreciated when I asked a query about changing a channel for a primetime game and very racist. I paid my bill and left before finishing my drink. I will not be returning to hooters Northeast Philadelphia for any event.I love hooters. The food is always good and the waitresses are nice. Usually the food comes out really quick. I would of given it 4 or 5 stars if it wasn't for my last visit. My daughter and I went with my parents for dinner. The place was empty. Other than us there was maybe 3 other tables. It took 45 minutes to get our meals and 2 of the meals were salads. Also the waitress kept coming to the table to talk to us while we were eating. It was past the point of annoying. I hate when I'm eating and there is someone standing over me. I feel that this last time may of been a fluke so I'll definitely return for another try.Awesome Bartender!! Great food timing and presentation for a to-go order.  Everyone is GORGEOUS by the way!First Review from first time Hooters goer.
My impression: Really good wings!
Definitely recommend the honey thai or chipotle honey breaded wings. They were suprising really good. Much better in taste and size compared to buffalo wild wings.
Also tried the buffalo chicken sliders. Also surprising really good. I guess my expectations for Hooters were pretty low. Lol.
Lastly, unlike Buffalo Wild Wings, if you order 20 wings, you can't select 3 or 4 different sauces. They do not have as many sauces to choose from compared to BWW. 
The service was great though! Solid 4 stars.Was visiting in town and had a taste for wings. I am a hooters fan as I really enjoy their wings so I figured I get some from here. 
We ordered an order of medium boneless wings and a 10 piece bone-in wings. Both had absolutely NO sauce on there. That was a huge disappointment. Worst off, they shorted us on the order of boneless wings. 
Don't waste your time and find another place to eat at.The food was excellent service was impeccable one bar tender named Rachel had a positive attitude and greeted us like we were friends already I highly recommend coming to here and seeing Rachel and Bridget was another bar tender she also was an awesome person who  treated us with the upmost respectToo many blondes. LOL Every girl working today was either a woman of color or a blonde. Nothing against the woman of color, but how about some variety? Mix in a few brunettes and redheads, please.This is, by far, the worst Hooters I've ever been to or interacted with. My job requires me to travel across the country alot so I've visited plenty of Hooters in the past. I called to place an order of over 100 wings for the Cavs and Warriors game. After three attempts, I finally got to speak to someone, and then was put on hold for another 15 minutes. I hung up, called back, and was greeted by the same woman. After explaining to her that I was just put on hold for 15 minutes and was just trying to order because I was already on my way, she said "well we're really busy, what do you want?" I then told her that I wanted Buffalo Wild Wings up the street from them. That's the worst customer service I've witnessed from ANY restaurant. I will never drive the 20 minutes that it takes me to get to this location and will now always take the 40 minute trip to the next closest one. Sorry for the hour long paragraph but I download yelp for this one review and will now be using it lol.First timer here. I held off going to this place b/c I just dont agree with the boobage being all out and about. I think if u got it- flaunt it- I'm jealous - but....I dont think flaunting it means popping out of your tee shirt. Wear a super tight tee with a push up bra that is 2 sizes too small- IDC but keep it in ur shirt!  Anyway- aside from that....The food was good, prices were reasonable, staff was nice and service was fast. It was funny to see my husband and son avoid looking at the boobs and watching my husband actually smile at the young little chippy when he paid the bill. LOL I will return to try something new.I really don't know what's happened. Maybe it's because it's a brand new location.... or maybe it's been 6-7 yrs since I've had Hooters wings. I haven't had wings in such a long time and I was driving up the blvd yesterday and decided to get an order of 10 to go. I've always dined at their Bensalem location and was never disappointed w/ their wings. 
I was excited to get home and dive into these big, fat, crunchy, hot wings. Well... we can add greasy to the mix. I've never encountered so much grease in my LIFE! I know wings are fried, I'm no dummy. But this is the first time I've been so disappointed with wings from Hooters. But then again, like I said in the beginning of this review, it has been close to 7 yrs since having Hooters wings and this IS a new location. Maybe I need to go back to Bensalem!!!Stopped here for the first time with a group of 7 people.  The waitress was friendly but slow.  We had to specifically ask for silverware and plates.
I ordered 20 wings for $20.  I didn't have the option to mix and match flavors so I tried the chipotle honey.  They were crispy but a little drier than I'm used too.  They should have been more generous with the sauce.  To my surprise you have to pay extra for bleu cheese and celery-this was disappointing.  For my drink I ordered a tropical Long Island iced tea which was amazing!
Overall it was ok.  I would eat here again but for take out.You're probably not going there for the food. Wait staff was great... it's Hooters. If you are going there for food don't get your hopes up and make sure you don't have plans after you eat there.Great wings and pretty good service. They have a great special on Thursday  where food is at a reduced rateTried this location for the first time...food is good. However the entire service crew needs to be trained properly.(from another server) backs to the door when customers enter in?(#1 no no) additionally having a seater. WOULD MAKE ALL THE DIFFERENCE. The more the customer feels like they don't have to work or even get attention the more tipssss.This place is nice. Able to sit wherever you want. Fish and chips were not good at all. But the shrimp was awesome. Very happy they had the terrakyi sauce. Drinks are made well.Hooters ..if you want decent Hooters wings go to another location..2nd time at this location. The wings have a funny after taste..like old grease.. I won't rule Hooters out and will eat at another location.. but will not return to this location ever again.So, here's the thing. The wings are excellent, and the fish and chips were good but a restaurant is so much more than food. The service staff, while nice, need to be sped up for sure. 
We got here at 7:00 pm on a Thursday night, and there was only 2 other tables here. It's 8:30 pm, and we are still waiting on our check. There were 3 of us, and there's really no excuse for how slow this was. Everything was excruciatingly slow in coming out. We had to ask for things to be brought out as they came, but everything still came out together after 45 minutes (except the oysters).
The food wasn't all great, either. The people I was with ordered oysters on the half shell, and it took 25 minutes for them to come out. 1 of them was bad apparently (I can't eat shellfish, so I could not verify). They also were not properly shucked, and they were served with butter and horseradish, no cocktail sauce. My burger was served with strange baked beans that were cold. 
We had to get a completely different waitress to bring our check so we could leave. Unacceptable.Horrible horrible horrible!!! The wings my wife ordered were the worst, uncooked,  and with So much sauce it came looking like chicken wing soup. I ordered hot buffalo wings and they didn't have a drop of sauce on them. Longest wait for some under cooked chicken wings in history. Sorry, definitely do NOT plan on returning.Gorgeous, intellectual staff. My bartender Rachel was great and Eileen was awesome company while there. I definitely recommend this location for good food and great service.The wings here are Bangin! However the service here is unfortunately crap. I've been going to this place for a couple years, since it opened. Although the food is good, the waitresses are terrible at time management and the bartenders aren't great at prioritizing as well. It is even worse when they are busy. A couple times I was here with friends, and the wait was ridiculous; not the wait to sit down at a table, rather the wait between ordering the food and getting it. My advice - order takeout, call in your order. That way it'll be ready to pick up when you get there. Their buffalo shrimp is very good, sliders, fries, onion rings, as well as their Chipotle honey wings. Fried pickles are okay, they would be better with more breading and less salt.Came to dinner tonight with my family and what a terrible experience this was. Ordered 50 wings and a chicken tender kids meal and it SUCKED!! All the chicken was chewy and not cooked right some of my wings were still bloody in the middle. I'm so annoyed and disappointed that we couldn't enjoy our dinner and wasted $85 on dog food tonight. Guess my dogs are gonna have a good dinner tonight. Well looks like I won't be coming back here for a long time. Very upset and pissed off about my dinnerThe bathrooms smelled so bad that I didn't want to take my time to wash my hands in there and I'm not sqeamish. Dirtier than most truckstops.  Wings took forever and were so undercooked and bloody, i couldnt finish them and almost every bone was broken into shards. They charged me full price despite their advertised happy hour specials. This is just flat out a bad restaraunt. Way too much salt and the place is filthyNormally when we come here the service is never that good there's maybe 2 waitresses who are on the ball and really take of the patrons however tonight was the worst service I've ever had in this restaurant. We sat in the booth for a half hour without being acknowledged. The waitress Emily finally came over to ask what we'd like to drink which at that point We already knew what We wanted so we ordered and it took another hour before we even got our food. My friend had ordered an appetizer which when the waitress brought it out with our food my friend no longer wanted her appetizer since our dinner was now on the table to which we were given an attitude,not once were we asked if we needed anything I could understand if it was busy but it wasn't at all. If you're going to be a waitress and want to make a living maybe you should actually take care of your tables I never tip less than 20% so tonight was a first ,I will never eat at this location again.This place could be so much better than it is. 
The wings in my opinion are the best you can buy(had a few varieties and enjoyed them all)
Thats basically where the positives end ...
Beer prices,service,atmosphere vibe or whatever you want to call it is just bad... could be due to the uncomfortable chairs or the fact that you have families mixed in with partiers/drinkers. 
If they could add better drink specials, improve the horrible bar stools, Upgrade the picture quality on their televisions and have faster service. This place would be one of the best bars in the NE. Even better and more popular than chickies and petes IMOSooo... walked in here after work STARVING because it's the only spot SIRI tells me is open only to walk in here at 12:15am and have the bartender tell me everything is closed and this is last call for alcohol only. I explain that the door clearly says till 1am.. she reply's 'not on UFC night' not a  problem except for maybe that should be posted?...  Could have saved me time. I could have gone somewhere else!! Just sucks when employees make there own rules... I'm still hungry!!! Even right now because the kitchen is open I can see one of the line cooks making themselves something to eat  grill still going...Went there last night and won't be going again. One waitress started waiting on us then another one came over so the first one moved on. The waitress was nice and did a good job but the food just sucks. We ordered a bunch of stuff- buffalo shrimp, boneless wings with two different sauces, the lots of tots, the fish and chips sandwich. My son got grilled cheese and a bowl of clam chowder. The only thing I like was the shrimp. The wings were super hard and not even covered in the sauce all the way. My boyfriend likes the lots of tots. The clam chowder was overly thick it and way too salty. My fish sandwich was all crisp and like no real fish. The manager came over and asked how everything was and I responded good which I guess was my fault but we only had the lots of tots and shrimp by then. People are nice there just the food sucks!So they closed the one in Bensalem and moved here, interesting. Obviously, the product hasn't changed. How about its other qualities?
I've only been here for a few brief  visits (eat, have two beers, leave) since this location opened. After some careful scrutiny I've concluded my current issues aren't with the establishment so much as with the clientele. 
You have to ask yourself, who is the Hooters bar regular? It's not like we're in the sticks and Hooters is the only bar in a thirty mile radius. What is the draw here for some as opposed to say, a neighborhood corner bar?
The obvious answer of course is, the girls, but isn't that also the weakest and creepiest answer as well? After all, there are places specifically designed for adult men to view partially clothed women, most notably, strip clubs. If you are the type of person who instead, chooses to get those kicks at Hooters, then being in your presence would likely be an unpleasant experience for me. 
Two recent highlights: 
A while back I saw a middle-aged gentleman, an apparent regular, at the bar objecting to the way the cook shouted the server's name to alert when an order was ready. I actually watched him erupt into a tantrum each time it happened. It would have been hysterical if it wasn't so asinine and uncalled for. He called the manager over to talk about it. Apparently they had this conversation before and nothing was done about it and he was pissed at him too. If that's what they do, why should they change to accommodate this dope's inexplicable and bizarre oversensitivity? What is it, ruining the Hooters experience for him? Does it detract from the "ambiance"? It probably didn't help he chose the seat closest to the kitchen. Ass. 
Another time - I was busy running errands one Fri or Sat night (exciting weekend, I know). It was getting late and I hadn't had dinner so I decided to make a pit stop for some wings. "It can't be crowded", I thought, "There's probably a few losers in there watching basketball.". I couldn't have been more wrong. There was some kind of half-assed pageant going on. There was a DJ booth set up right at the front door, you had to walk through it to enter and the place was packed to the gills. Sure, the girls are all hot....I get it, but they're just pawns in this larger no-frills and pathetic circus. I sat taking in the rest of the scene as a whole: aging men way over-dressed for where they were, young thug-types trying to look hard while drinking girly mixed drinks, gross fat people eating at tables. "Where the fuck am I?" I thought. It's like a whole subculture that fortunately never intersects with the world I live in. I found it all, in one word, disturbing. 
The place was so packed I didn't feel comfortable eating at the bar. I didn't even attempt to get take out. I finished my beer and left. 
Look Hooters, I know you're not all this way. It's not completely your fault. When you set up shop in a place whose indigenous population is largely classless and brain dead this is bound to happen. I love your wings and I think it's great that you serve alcohol and give sexy ladies jobs but I can't deal with the freak show.Well this hooters is a hit or miss. When I eat in the food is great but every time I order take out something is missing or not cooked right .,,,well tonight my shrimp was so small I ate them all in one bite lol the butter was all that (meaning very good for those who don't know what all that means )and so was the fried pickles which I always love! Don't get me wrong the shrimp was great I guess my greedy butt should of order more (shrugs) now I know!!!I have nothing but positive things to say about this place. I walked out of Miller's Ale House twice this year because it did not have the Temple basketball game on  ... and didn't have Comcast.
Not only does Hooters HAVE Comcast, they will put the Temple basketball games on if you ask.
Both times I walked in, asked the bartenders to put Temple on and they dropped everything and put the Owls on TV. First was Temple vs. Buffalo in December.
The second game was Temple's win at UMASS in Feb.
Both times the Flyers were on EVERY tv, but they asked me which one I wanted the Temple game on and I appreciated that.
Also, the ending of the Temple vs. UMASS game was so exciting, a good portion of the Flyers' fans flocked over to the one TV to watch that ending.
I might have converted a few hockey fans to college hoops that night.
Needless to say, Miller's Ale House staff got not tip and Hooters girls got both a generous tip that I would have given them anyway and the tip that I was going to give to Miller's.Worst experience and food ever. Daughter chose here for her birthday and left crying. Couldnt sing happy birthday cause they were to busy . Also wings had no sauce on them and the waitress said thats normal. No its not. Worst sports bar in NE Philly.The end of an era. Why would you change something so great? Hooters breaded sauced wings compared to none for most of my life. That is officially over as their wings have changed. They are now a thick hard crispy coating that tasted like they are from a frozen bag. They used to be a light breading with the tips still attached. That isn't the worst part.
We ordered the sliders and they came out very burnt. After sending them back, we waited almost 20 minutes for our new order. 10 minutes into this wait the manager came over and said he was sorry and removed them from the bill.  Finally we just asked that they be put in a to go box because it was taking so long. 
The only reason they get two stars is that the waitress was very apologetic checked on us numerous times and was very understanding.