What a cozy and fun place! Have been there a few rainy nights. Servers and bar staff are friendly, the food is comforting and you can't beat the potato pancakes! NOM!!!!! Also, it is in a building originating from the 1600s so it has lots of cool historic character.I love this place. A great beer selection for beer lovers that's always changing. My husband likes to get his growler filled here. 
I lived in Germany for 6 years- I think it would be better to call this American/German cuisine and that would solve all the little nit picky complaints about the food.
With that said- if you're not in to counting calories, you'll love the food. Everything is good. I love the spaetzle, I prefer it with out cheese because they can get this perfect crunch on it. I can't wait to go back and build my own pork sandwich- I sat in jealousy as I watched a friend eat his. 
I did try the scrapple snack. I didn't really care for it but that doesn't mean it was bad. My husband started to eat it. I was told they make it from scratch for any of you scrapple snobs out there.
I can't wait to go back. Service is always good and parking is free. We were last there on Wednesday 2/29/12 and they had live folk/German music upstairs. The bartender said they come in once a month on Wednesdays. I'm guessing its the last Wednesday of every month.3.5 stars, really. This is the craft beer oasis in Fox Chase and the surrounding area, and they do have an impressive rotation of local, German, and other creative beers.  
Their vegetarian menu is limited (extremely limited) but the macaroni & cheese is so good it's probably the only thing I'd order anyway.  My husband is always happy with whatever he orders - brats, fish & chips, scrapple, whatever...
Service is what you'd expect for the neighborhood.  The waitresses aren't always knowledgeable about the beers available, so it's a good thing that whoever writes the beer list knows what s/he is talking about.
It's a really cool, really old building that could use some TLC to show off its character and history.As for "SPIKE" being a food snob, I don't know about that, but he is most definitely a SNOB! At the Hop Angel Brauhaus, he couldn't figure how to enter the building. Must have been embarrassing! Most people use the front door. And he must have been embarrassed again when a server had to actually mention that his tip wasn't sufficient. He must have finally realized that he was cheap. Now it's understandable why he prefers the Brauhaus Schmitz down on South Street.I had been to this restraunt in the summer, I did not know it had changed hands, When I was there in the summer the food was wonderful. We stopped there last night before a function we were going to and the food was o.k. I have never had cream of potato soup and never will again. The soup was hot and the food was warm at best. The potato with gravy was horrible. All the food tasted the same ,too much garlic. The service was o.k. , the servers seemed nice. Would not stop again!!My work and I went here for dinner to say goodbye to a fellow employee that was leaving. The waitress was really nice and we enjoyed sitting outside eating and chatting. I had the turkey avocado club and it was delicious. The price was great too. I look forward to going back and trying their other food. From what I hear their pirogies were good also. So many things on the menu looked yummy and I had difficulty choosing. The waitress kept all of our glasses full which is important. I give them 5 stars.I love this place.  This old fashion high-end brahaus is where I spend a lot of my time with friends, and sometimes a whole bunch of family.  Their IPAS are nothing less than delicious and refreshing.  Each week they come out with a new special IPA that will make your mouth water and give you a fantastic buzz.  Enrique the main bartender is personable, professional, and has a great way with peopleVery cool german theme bar restaurant! It felt very quaint and welcoming inside this place. Free parking is in the back of the restaurant where they have back entrance. I came here for quizzo on Tuesday night so I can't comment on too much. The menu looked good but didn't have too many items that I would eat.  A very glutenous, carb, cheese, meat menu but I guess that is what German food is like. But everything else and service of this place was great!So, after living in Fox Chase forever, I finally bit the bullet & ventured into this "Haus". The decor is definitely authentic/old. We were seated upstairs, which is very "Flowers in the Attic". Complete with old dusty wood scent. We changed tables twice bc they were ridiculously wobbly. The upholstery is gnarly & just plain old dirty. The server was in an anxious rush..made us feel uncomfortable @ times. From the overpriced menu, we ordered a couple of "authentic"  dishes..overall the food arrived hot & well seasoned. Just nothing I would absolutely "have to have" again. The best part was their beer list. The dessert choices were literally store bought American cakes & pies. We hoped to enjoy a genuine Austrian Danish or strudel. Needless to say we will not be returning.This place is out of this world awesome!!! I got the the Schnitzel BLT!! It was delicious!! My mouth is watering just thinking of it!!!  I went with 4 other people and everyone really enjoyed their meal and had absolutely no complaints at all!! Great places would recommend them to everyone.This place needs a good cleaning the place smells like deep fried grease and tables are sticky.German bar. Not bad for a rainy night out in a neighborhood type bar. Not the best beer selection, average liquor selection with a wide variety of Svedka for some reason(for those of you who like Svedka).  Updated beat box which was cool. Will come back to try the food one day.I totally dig Hop Angel. When we go up to visit family in Fox Chase, Hop Angel is my favorite thing about the neighborhood. It has a great rotating selection of beers, both German and local craft brews, and all the food I've had here has been really good. During Oktoberfest, we went for Sunday brunch several times, and I really couldn't stay away from their truffle egg toast. Many of our favorite dishes have been one-time things from the specials board, such as bacon-wrapped, gorgonzola-stuffed figs, so be sure to check out the specials. From their regular menu, I really enjoy the weisswurst with some nice seedy mustard. The lentils with spätzle is an excellent vegetarian dish, and their hop tots are pretty decadent (stuffed with Hungarian and Munster cheese). Everything here seems to be getting better over time, so if you haven't been for awhile, you may want to give it another chance. Enjoy!We had great meal at this restaurant! They had a special that day with a sampler of different wursts, which was a big hit with my husband. He had the Schnitzel a'la Holstein, which he really enjoyed as well. The trout I had was just perfect. I couldn't stop eating the potato pancakes. The kids loved the macaroni and cheese too.
Of course the selection of beer was excellent too! Overall, it was a great experience!I saw a mention of an "Applefest" here in October, so I thought we'd check it out.  Applefest was pretty much just a couple of extra ciders on tap, but it was a nice night in the biergarten so we stayed for a pint and a couple of appetizers. The kasespätzle were homemade and very good with the caramelized onions, though the portion was rather large for two as an appetizer.  The Hop tots disappointed.  They promised potato tots stuffed with hungarian bratwurst and Munster cheese.  I saw no sign of bratwurst, and only vague notes of cheese flavor.  This is my opinion based on only two appetizers, so if I'm in the area again I'll try the Brauhaus again.I love Hop Angel! When I moved to the Northeast I was a little afraid there wouldn't be a good local beer bar or brunch spot near me, and Hop Angel is both! Good food, decent beer selection, brunch, optional outdoor drinking. AND it's in a gorgeous historic building. What more could I ask?Definitely a neighborhood spot and finding a seat at the bar on this rainy Wednesday afternoon was hard. Great rotating selection of beers, including local crafts on tap. I took it easy this time, trying to eat a little better while on the road, and had an apple and cherry walnut salad with grilled chicken. It was huge and the chicken was delicious. Also had a cup of potato soup that was amazing. I'd love to take the chance to come back here again when I have more time to have some beer and schnitzel and dessert. The staff was great, especially Agnes, who made me feel at home. So if you're in the area and looking for some wurst and bier, stop in and Prost!After driving by a million times (give or take a couple), we finally stopped here on a Friday evening for a quick dinner, and we are now fans. 
Based on Yelp reviews we ordered the Bavarian pretzel with Obatzda, the wurst platter and the mussels in beer.  The house-made pretzel had a thick, chewy exterior which was the perfect foil for the richness of the Obatzda.  The deliciousness was further enhanced by Mr. M's micro-brew and my light and bubbly hard cider.   I would have been content to stop right there.  
Mr. M ordered the wurst platter, which he declared excellent (not a surprise given the distinguished pedigree of the wurst).  What really sold him on the meal, however, were the handcut fries and spaetzle, which recalled Mom's recipe.   The mussels were uber-delicious (and comparable to Monk's), and only the rules of decorum prevented me from slurping the remaining broth. 
We loved the intimacy that the low-lighting created in what is not an intimate space.  The service was attentive, efficient and patient with newbies.Hop Angel is in walking distance, so we walked down there last night to grab a pumpkin beer (as advertised on the signs outside). When we arrived we found out that they don't yet have any pumpkin beers, so we ordered the one Oktoberfest beer on the menu. The server informed us that the beer company sent the wrong keg, and instead they were serving a lager on this tap. Instead, I opted for a hefeweizen, only to be informed that this beer was not available either. I finally got a beer they had (at this point I'm not even sure I wound up with), but it was a good summer wheat beer. We ordered the garlic fries and pretzel. The pretzel was ka great snack! The fries were good, but could have been a little crispier and had way too much cheese. Despite enjoying the beers we finally received, we wound up leaving after one and going to the bar across the street because the bar was BLASTING gangster rap. The music was way too loud and definitely not the atmosphere I was looking for in a German beer hall. We plan to come back when more seasonal fall beers are available, and hope to have a better experience.i Really enjoyed this place a lot. Felt like i was in Germany! very cool looking . Many good German beers on tap .Mainly i loved the food. i had the the scrapple which was really delicious and fresh which i was told was the chef's own scrapple made from a german recipe. the breakfast potatoes were hands down the best breakfast potatoes ive ever eaten. Service was great. place was cool. the chef knows what hes doing. love it. definitley going back.Hop Angel...you have redeemed yourself.  Two years ago I "boycotted" this place due to a few bad experiences.  It looks like you have worked out the kinks.
I've been back a few times now and really enjoyed it.  Had a bacon cheeseburger and fries one of the times, and the burger was cooked exactly how I wanted it.  I know that's not rocket science but so many people overcook burgers.  Also had the macaroni and cheese...creamy and delicious.  I Went back yesterday for the lobster festival.  I'll be honest I was totally skeptical...but the twin lobster tails were amazing!  Also ordered a filet and it was cooked medium rare just like I wanted.  
Only complaint is some of the server and the hostess kept us waiting and forgot some of our food/drinks...but it was really busy due the festival so it's understandable.   
It's nice to have you in the neighborhood!Another beer haven brought to you from the folks @ Grey Lodge. The beer selection is not as adventurous nor is the food as good as at the Grey Lodge.You can always find something great on tap; the emphasis on German and local craft brews.I like the fact that you have a choice between .3 .4 & .5 liter pours. You can get a liter stein also.
The building dates back to 1683.The interior is a bit run-down, but I do not come here for the atmosphere. You can also sit outside during warmer months in the biergarten which is kind of in an alley and not too nice either.
Never had much food from here. The mac n' cheese was bland even w/bacon. They have a happy hour on Fri. from 4-6 which features select $3 pints (yesterday it was Spaten Lager and Stoudts Pils.)They put out a bunch of free apps around 5.The stuff I tried was actually quite good.. Bavarian pretzels, wings, fries, cheeseburger sliders, some kind of unidentified fried things(Fish cakes?) were very tasty indeed.They have some interesting vegetarian options on their lunch menu that I will definitely try.
Service here is good; at the bar at least. This place can become very crowded and unnecessarily noisy(loud music) on the weekends. Plenty of free parking out back.While not as good of a culinary and beer experience as The Grey Lodge this remains a great place to have a beer and some free eats @ Fri Happy Hour.I'm still not even sure where Fox Chase is at - though I was there all day. This place is an endearing hybrid of your Grandfather's basement bar in suburban Ohio, and a potentially-hipster-driven dive bar. The food selection is pretty small and not for vegetarians or people who care about their cholesterol score - but it's great tasting and cheap. Brats-a-plenty. 
My one complaint was being teased at the bottom of the beer menu with a list of beers on tap... next month. It just made me disappointed I couldn't have them. Alas.The Hop can be hit or miss unfortunately.  We've gone and asked to be sat outside, and then we literally just sit and wait...and wait...and wait...and then we left.  This has happened several times, even when it's pretty empty.  We went the other night and while we did wait longer than necessary, the food made up for it.  We split the frickles and the short rib tacos.  The frickles were lightly breaded and fried- very delicious without being too heavy.  And the tacos were awesome!  The short rib was tender and flavorful.  I'm hoping that this positive trend continues because we are locals and would love to support local businesses.Very Satisfied Indeed !
Food Quality & Taste B
Presentation  B
Service A
Décor B-
Cleanliness B
Five of us showed up without a reservation on a Friday evening and were seated in 5 minutes without a hassle. Very shortly afterwards our group grew to 10 and still not a bit of trouble joining tables and seating more friends. Our server was really attentive and friendly. We worked her pretty hard between several food orders and quite a bit of beer. Eight craft beers were offered and since I only drank the IPA I can tell you that it was very nice. I had the "butchers plate" featuring meats from the German butcher across the street. Great assortment of German offerings.
If you like craft beer in a casual atmosphere try this place and don't be a sissy, go for the half liter over the pint........Food is great, great beer selection, bartender could use some attitude adjustment. The bartender is supposed to be the coolest guy in the place, not arrogant and condescending.BEST GERMAN FOOD I HAVE EVER HAD! Their Su Chef is always coming up with these creative concoctions that are simply delicious (i.e., apple & mushroom pierogies) MmMm... Get the the pork shoulder! You won't soon regret it..It's like having a beer in a hobbit hole, which in my world is just fine.
Beer selection is always good with a great variety of local and imports. Their choices are always good. Same ownership as the GREY LODGE on Frankford ave so you expect they know what they are doing. 
The food is delicious. All meats are purchased from Rieker's Prime Meats, right across the street, and it doesn't get any better, fresher, or quality than there.
They have a beer garden tucked between them and the neighbors when the weather is nice. 
They always have the game on behind the bar.
The bartenders and servers are always friendly and knowledgeable.
Any night is the best night to go.
The last time I was there I had the homemade-cheese-filled tater tots. need i say moreI have been to the Hop Angel a few times since it opened and I have to say it is improving.  At our last visit, everyone in the family was impressed.  The potato soup is wonderful. Also they have a gluten free menu, which satisfies our needs. And the beer is always good.Food is good.  Draft Beer selection is quite good. Service absolutely sucks. If you dare to go alone and sit at a table by the bar prepare to be COMPLETELY and TOTALLY ignored.Beer? Great selection on tap - best around this area, poured and served properly. It's all about the beer because the food? Not so great. We've eaten here twice and both times the food was passable but nothing I would recommend. I hate to say that, really, but food is just not their strong point yet. 
The first time, we got a basket of good rolls for the table. Tonight? 4 stale slices of some kind of unknown type white bread just sort of tossed into the basket. Probably one of the most unbecoming bread baskets ever. Seriously. 
We've had several apps including mac and cheese (meh), meat plate which was supposed to include fresh fruit and toast points. Reality? Some lingonberries scattered around, 2 orange wedges and, literally, 3 little dried out bread rounds (same bread that was in the basket), but the grilled sausages were pretty good; potato pancakes (not bad - a bit greasy) and a few others that were obviously not very memorable.
Onion soup wasn't too bad, again a bit greasy.
Meatloaf, which others have raved about, I found was fairly awful. Listen. I'm a meatloaf lover. If a menu has meatloaf on it, I order it. Theirs is prepared with a fried egg (what is up with the fried egg on top of things these days?) which I scraped off and gravy, that I got on the side, thankfully. Gravy was terrible - greasy and bland. Come on, people. Even I make good gravy! It's fundamental! I didn't even bother taking home what I didn't eat. 
The wursts were okay. A steak special was cooked just right and was very good but the artichokes as veggie were decidedly weird.
The menu is quite nice, on paper, but so far the execution is way off the mark. Maybe the chef on tonight was the stand by guy or something, but this was just not a good meal overall.
Prices are reasonable for a restaurant, high for a pub, and service both times was friendly and competent. One time was busy, tonight only a few tables occupied.
This could be such a great place to have a few terrific beers and some hearty fare but until they improve the kitchen, stick with the beer.
I wonder if Martha H was at the same restaurant we were? If we had driven 10 hours for our meal, we'd have been mighty pissed.Enjoyed an authentic, wonderful, delicious dinner last evening, Oct 17, 2016. Would definitely return here next time I'm back in Philly!Where to start.  Just left.  Service was awful!!  And the place wasn't crowded!  Food...ugh!  Fried dried up pickles with way too much Panko crust.  My fried shrimp was too soft-not sure it was cooked all the way.    Onion soup had a metal after taste.  Cole slaw tasted fishy(?).  Fries were ok-that's why they get 1 star.  My husband had schnitzel. Said it was dry...even the mushrooms for top were too dried out.As someone who has been to Germany and had real German food (there, and at other places in America), this place really didn't do much for me.
Went to the Hop Angel for a birthday with a large group (first mistake).  Our waitress was definitely not happy to have the group of youngish people.  She was irritable and didn't do a very good job of taking orders for the whole group or communicating.  Wish I could remember her name so I could put her on blast.
I order (second mistake) one of their "specialties," Jäger-Schnitzel, which in opinion was awful.  It was chewy and very think and smothered in the sauce that reminded me more of a smothered pork chop than a schnitzel.  Their potato pancakes were very greasy and the wurst were... Well they just were.  They're not made in house; instead  they're from the German place (Rieker's) down the street.   The food pretty much sucked.
The beer selection is nice, and would probably be the only reason for my return.  The building itself was in a delapidated state, seeming rather dirty, and I couldn't figure out how to enter the building.  When we finally did, we walked through a very messy and dark entry with no signs.
At the end of it all, we had a problem with the bill because people don't know how to pay and the waitress had the audacity to stop me and tell me the tip wasn't sufficient.  I was miffed to say the least...
Third mistake was not making the reservation early enough so we could head downtown to Brauhaus Schmitz instead of this dive.  I'm sure it's great for locals who don't know what good German food is and expect crappy service, but I know I'm neither a local, nor willing to accept crappy and rude service.  I know I won't be returing.Great little spot in Fox Chase. They have a good selection of German beers, as well as some craft drafts, all for a very reasonable price. Most pints are $4-$5, or you can get huge steins to drink from if you are going big that day. Any food I've ordered always is delicious. Highlights for me are the pretzel with the Obatzda dip (cheese, onion), the burgers, the wings, the German fare...actually just order anything and you won't be disappointed!This is my third time here. I couldn't tell you how we ended up at a German bar on St.Patty's day but it happened. Bar area was crowded which slowed Dow service. Waitress was nice and she had lots of extra help running drinks, clearing tables, and getting food out. Large draft beer selection that chanted often. They recently changed the menu. Prices went up. Portions are large but food is just ok.  Best dish there is the bacon mac and cheese appetizer. It's supper rich and creamy white cheeses that are perfectly sprinkled with bacon. I like what I ordered today better then the food in the past! Corn-beef Reuben in honor of my love for the Irish! Good. House and the reheated leftovers tasted even better today!Hop Angel is a rare jewel in the otherwise underwhelming (at best) culinary landscape of Northeast Philadelphia. Although best known for their extensive and ever-rotating draft beer selection, Hop Angel truly distinguishes itself with delicious, although somewhat inauthentic, German fare.  Schnitzel multiple ways, Bavarian-style pretzels with obatzda (beer and cheese dipping sauce topped with red onions), wurst and spätzle headline a menu that encourages patrons to sit, stay and sample.  Great dinner specials including steak, salmon and roast chicken provide enough variety for even the most discerning of diners. Service struggles to keep up on busy nights (Friday and Saturday), but it's nothing a frothy IPA can't fix.  Do yourself a favor, make the trek to Fox Chase, and stop in for a pint and some grub.  You won't be disappointed.What a great place. I went there with a large group on a Saturday night and the service was pleasant, the food was diverse and good, the beer selection great, and the price was exceptionally reasonable for Philadelphia. The menu is eclectic with an array of German selections and other fare such as duck, smoked fish appetizers, and salads. Because of the diverse menu, it's a good place to split appetizers and then get stuffed on an entree.I have never been to a German Pub and I have heard great things about this one. I ame here for my birthday dinner with my parents and I have to say I really like the old German Style of the place and the dark mellow atmosphere. The food was amazing, which I knew it was going to be, we started with the Fried Pickles, on the menu their called "Frickles", these were amazing I would totally recommend if you like pickles. Their beer selection consisted of some German beers and also some of today's craft beers, no argument there, and the best part is there is a detailed explanation of each one. For and entree the Schnitzel is totally recommended, I ordered the Westphalian Schnitzel,   which is Schnitzel baked with Westphalian ham & Swiss cheese, it was amazing another great recommendation, I also had a side of Spatzle with green beans and carrots. If you like German food and great beer, I would totally recommend it to anyone. One final note which really made me want to come back was the fact that they pratically give away a growler and a fill for a few extra bucks! This is awesome because  the growler has no logo or name on it and to think you save yourself money here then you would going to a craft beer store. I think when I come back next time it will be for Brunch, Dinner, and a nice fresh growler fill! Cheers!I went here for mothers day brunch as a gift to me from my daughter who saved up her allowance to treat me to something nice....never again will I step foot in this establishment. The only reason I'm giving it 2 stars and not one was the food was ok....not amazing, but not terrible. It's the atmosphere and wait staff that...well....sucked. we were sat on the second floor....next to a window that kept opening itself up. The waitress shrugged it off as if it wasn't a bit breezy right there and I kept getting hit with the shutter. It took over 20 mins just to get a damn coffee. Talk about annoying. When I got the coffee, I didn't get an apology or anything....especially since I asked about it 3 times before it was brought to me. The food like I said...was ok...except they put alot of garnish all over the eggs...so of course I had to spend a half hour picking that off my 8 year olds eggs so she would eat it. And after we had finished, we felt rushed because a large group had just come in and they needed our chairs...the ones we were sitting in. Just a generally unpleasant experience.This is a 3-4!! The first I was here was not a great experience but I came again for a friends birthday. There was nine of us and the waitress seemed busy but did she needed to do.  Sorry I didn't take any pics but I tried a lot of things between all of us. The potato pancake can't remember the name of it tastes like a glorified hasbrown nothing too special. We also had wings which were dry and hard- over fried for sure. The pierogis were pretty yummy but the best thing that we had were the frickles(fried pickles) and the garlic fries. The garlic fries are so freaking good it would make it worth the trip again!!!! I know they have a good selection of craft beers but I'm not a beer drinker so unfortunately that means nothing to me but if it does to you, you should give it a shot. If u just have the beer and fries it'll be good!!!I've gone here about 5 times and it was in my top 3 favorite Veggi burger spots.  Last night i was served store bought veggi patties  with cold fries.   My son was the one that asked to go there as he wanted the giant fried chicken sandwich with bacon only to get what looked liked 3 breaded chicken nuggets on a bun :(   Not sure if they lost their cook, or someone called out but I spent 70 bucks on the not homemade food in the pictures.  I will probably give it one more try in a few months but after that may only go there for a few beers after mountain biking in Pennypack.Hands down the best bar in the far Northeast (Fox Chase to be exact). The atmosphere is cozy and warm thanks to the fact that the building dates back to 1683 (how crazy is that?). It truly feels like what I would imagine a classic bar in Germany or Bavaria would feel like. 
The beer selection is diverse and constantly rotating. The service is always good and I usually go on a busy Friday night. The crowd is eclectic and tends to consists of both younger and older adults from the area that dont like the dbag crowds you tend to find at places like Paddywacks. The jukebox has a massive digital catalogue and you wont hear bullshit rap or junk pop like Miley Cyrus or whatever the new flavor of the month is on Q102. Most importantly, the food kicks ass. The Brauhaus Mac & Cheese with bacon is the best mac & cheese ive ever had. The wings are perfect and the Oxford Burger is the shit. Everything is made with top quality ingredients and preparation and the menu doesnt stay stagnant. The bartenders are great guys and its never a problem getting a drink in a timely fashion. Ill continue to frequent this joint on Friday nights until they give me a reason not to.Post baseball game dinner on Friday night was pretty good. Seared quickly, great service and good mussels and burgers. The only reason we don't go 5 stars is because the mushroom schnitzel was so over cooked it was hard and tough. The fries were also well done. We'll try it again and hope for better cooking.Great beer pub with a fantastic beer menu. Nice, welcoming interior and awesome food. Only been there a few times but I always came away really liking the food. The burgermeister meisterburger (on the Anytime menu) was killer, "best I've ever had" my picky friend said. Can't wait to go back.One of my boyfriend and I's favorite place to go in Fox Chase.  They have an assortment of craft beers and great descriptions so you know what your ordering.  The service is very friendly and attentive with a comfortable atmosphere.  Hop Tots are addicting...cheesy goodness.  I also like cheese spatzel.  You never can go wrong with a burger and their prime rib sandwich is delicious too!  Only thing I wouldn't suggest is their meatloaf, kinda dry and bland.Had a very good lunch at the Hop Angel today. Tried some wings, pirogies, brats, asparagus and german potato salad. All were exceptional except the german potato salad. It didn't have much of a taste to it. Everything else was delicious! I would definitely be back for more food and delicious beer in this beautiful establishment!I don't know what happened to this place. Our large party arrived on time for our reserved table, and were seated promptly. Sadly, that was the high point of the evening. We had all gotten together for a party complete with a cake we had brought. We handed that to a server who left it on a counter in the dining room. She took our drink orders, helped one in our party with beer selection by providing samples, and brought the drinks after 15 minutes. The draft beer varied between OK and too warm.
The appetizers came up 10 minutes later (25 minutes!) and the dinner order was taken. The appetizers were poor, perogies that were bland, with grainy filling and tasting as if they had just been boiled, not seeing the saute pan at all. The mussels tasted frozen, in a bland warm tomato sauce.
Then we waited...and waited..and waited. Finally, almost 90 minutes after ordering, the dinners started to come out. I ordered the Jaegerschinitzel, a dish I'd had before and liked. Well, no more! The schnizel tasted like stamped, frozen packaged cardboard! It was even cut into a square shape, lke somehting from McDonalds! To top it off, it was overcooked, dry, and tasteless. The "hunters sauce", all 2 tablespoons of it, was a dried crust on top of the meat. The spaetzel was hard and crunchy...yes, CRUNCHY noodles! Other dished on the table were much the same...the broiled flounder was seasoned OK, but it was only one 3 ounce fillet swiming in brown butter. The scallops were similarly scanty.
After service, our waitress vanished...literally. A member of our own party had to get the cake (left on the counter, remember?) slice it and serve to everyone else. The table was never cleared properly, no after dinner drinks offered, and the check was never presented. During this time the bar started its "Trivia Night", which started at 9 pm, so now it was noisy and crowded...keep in mind we had been seated at 6:30. Finally, after going to the bar and complaining, our check was brought to us. Again, we waited until finally we took the check back to the bar so we could pay it. The management did compensate a portion of our bill, but I'd rather had the dinner I was expecting instead of this travesty.I've been to this beer garden several times and was always happy with the food and service but something must've been off because my husband and I just had the worse experience. The table we were sat at was extremely sticky, and dirty. Our beer was warm, which blew my mind because it's a beer garden and they should have a higher standard. Then my burger, which I asked for it medium was uncooked completely in the middle. The waitress once told about it at the end apologized but didn't take it off our bill, knowing I didn't even ate half of it. So, not going there ever again.Warning - if you are into healthy food you might find this review revolting as I believe we managed to order every delicious carb and fat laden item on the menu.  
The outside is very "Ye Olde Ale House" and inside quite reminiscent  of that restaurant where Jenifer Jason Leigh goes on a date with the nerdy guy who forgets his wallet in "Fast Times at Ridgemont High" (anyone?) - all darkish interior with 'they were cool in the 70's' wooden captains pub chairs. A 70's soundtrack was playing overhead and I looked at the menu suspiciously, expecting to see Pasta Primavera or some other 70's dish.  
Happily there were many German specialties and lots of things with cheese - I was so in.  They have both a Dinner and "Anytime" menu so if you are in more of a sandwichy mood you can ask for that.   In spite of being in a place that specializes in beers  -and they seemed to have lots of interesting brews - we just weren't in a beer mood so actually started with gin and tonics which were nice and strong.  Being slightly tipsy and really hungry are the only excuses we have for the delirium that took over when we ordered.
We got the mac and cheese as an app (yes, an app!).  And it was awfully good in a terrible hot melted cheesy, bacony carlorie laden way.   The bread basket was a little bit of heaven as it contained very delicious freshly baked herb bread that I slathered in butter and ate way too much of.  
For my meal I had the Philly pork sandwich which turned out to be a mistake as it wasn't that good.  The waitress heard me saying I wished I had gotten cheese and she brought me a little cup of yummy melted cheese out which helped.  The pickles were so nice and sour and the fries were fresh cut and soooo good - when I got the cheese cup to dip the fries in I was in heaven.
Hubby had the "Holstein" which is fried veal with capers, anchovies and a sunnyside egg on top which he enjoyed along with delicious homemade mashed potatoes that were accompanied by a pitcher of some kind of gravy with wine (yum).  Our server was excellent.
We saw a lovely Crème Brulee and some nice Apple Strudel go by on the way to another table but feared they'd have to get a wheel barrow and roll our groaning bloated bodies to our car if we ate one more fat or dough loaded item.  
Luckily my husband remembered his wallet so he didn't have to go call his cool, ticket scalping friend who looks way too old to be in high school to bring it and pretend he just happened to bump into him (anyone?) and we paid and waddled out, vowing to return the next time we feel the need to deliciously self induce a pair of carbohydrate comas.Food at this place is good... and I enjoyed myself at their bar.  It's got the kind of vibe where anyone is welcomed like you're a guest in someone's happy home.  If it weren't so out of my way, I would definitely visit this place more often.  But no matter how far it may be from you, it's worth at least one try!Great bar and beer hall. Good selection of German beers and local craft beers. The wurst platter was excellent. Schnitzel was authentic. Red cabbage and spatzle were fantastic. Reasonably priced.The food here is great with an American German cuisine. Great beer list as well.I'm a fan of this place. It's a nice historic building, with a good American Craft beer bar that also has some German beer choices thrown in to fit the overall decor.
I really like they give you a bunch of different size options for beer (.3 .4 & .5 Liter, or 1 Liter pours). I got Truffle Egg Toast for Sunday Brunch, it was awesome. One of the best brunch foods I have ever had. Highly recommend it.
Parking lot is a big plus in my book, making it an easy spot to visit in Philly for people not from the neighborhood.I love the atmosphere of the place.  Very nice for hanging out with friends on a cold night at Christmas or a warm afternoon in June.
As long as Scoats makes the beer calls, I will forever be a fan.  The man is a damned beer genius, and he is always approachable, and encourages requests.  He gets beers locally, across the country, and across the world, and it is always a good adventurous list.  
The food is overall pretty good for me, but my wife is not a big fan.  It's a little too inconsistent for her, especially the burgers and sandwiches.  
I'd recommend the Spicy Fish Sandwich, the Homemade Pretzels with stone-ground mustard, and the mac and cheese. 
If I had to knock it for anything, it's the service.  Bartenders get swamped easily when there is a healthy amount of business, and the day-time service has been hit or miss, erring on the side of miss.
I think if they train up their staff, they will be able to churn out a nice steady rush during lunch and on the weekends.  Until then, they'll have to settle for losing some repeat business due to the slower service.
They'll never lose me, however.  The beer choices are just too good!This place could use a little work. Food was mediocre and the table I was put at was probably the worst seat in the place. I could understand if it was crazy busy, but it wasn't.They have great German beer and food. Plus, they have great specials on weekends. It has a nice outside bar as well. The bartenders are extremely friendly and take good care of you. The crowd can be hit or miss at times though. This place is definitely recommended for those who love German food.Recently dined on a Thursday evening with two companions and we were all very satisfied with our experience.  The service was very good.  We were seated immediately and I was brought samples of two beers. I chose what turned out to be the Bitburger Pilsner and it was perfect with my Schnitzel, Spaetzle and Sauerkraut.  My companions opted for the Prime Rib special and Wurst Platter (chose Knockwurst and Bratwurst) with fries and grilled veggies respectively.  Polished it off with German Chocolate cake-delicious!  We will be back...The girlfriend and I sauntered in here one day for a late weekday lunch/early dinner. The place was pretty empty but a handful of assumed regulars hovered around the bar. We had never been here before and our waitress was bubbly, polite, and helpful! She helped us navigate the menu and made excellent recommendations. The garlic fries are a definite MUST have. The $9 price tag had us taken aback (for comparison our favorite local spot the Blue Duck has fries covered in duck confit for $9) but the portion was very large, enough for at least four people and they were crispy, fresh cut, and delicious. I had the braised short rib sandwich and gf had a burger. Neither of us could finish our food but were extremely pleased with the flavor and expert cook on everything. We will definitely be back!The atmosphere is whatever, but the food is what's up. I got the haddock sandwich Andy boyfriend got the meatloaf sandwich- both were delicious. Loved trying the different beers on tap.This review is for take out not for eat-in. 
Got an order for takeout and were told they didn't have plastic utensils, a disappointment but no big deal. I was given the wrong sandwich, a good sandwich but not the correct sandwich. The fried pickles were... not good. They were thick cut, not well seasoned, and not a good portion for the price, less than 8 slices of pickle. My girlfriend loved her burger and the garlic fries are delicious even though they forgot the ketchup and aioli that accompany them. We probably won't get take out again. But definitely great for eat-in. If we weren't picking up and driving so far away we would have brought the food back for a refund or exchange.Love love love the Hop Angel! Perfect atmosphere for anything. Whether it be a date night with the hubs, drinks with my friends, or even a delicious family dinner; this is the place to go! The crab Mac and Cheese is without a doubt, my favorite dish! Probably the best Mac and cheese I've ever had....and then topped with fresh lump crabmeat? Omg, pure heaven! My husband loves the beer selection, both on tap and bottled. He loves to try the new craft beers whenever we go. I'm a Riesling gal, and the Hop Angel always has that on hand....perfectly chilled of course. This place is super cozy on a cold winter night. You immediately feel a sense of comfort and relaxation upon entering. And as for the rest of the 3 seasons, the Hop is always holding events outdoors with live entertainment. And better yet, usually these events are very family friendly. I'm so happy the Hop Angel is located just a hop skip and jump away from my house. A wonderful fixture to have in Foxchase!The Beer here is excellent. Unfortunately, I did not get a chance to try the food. After being told that our table would be ready in 20 minutes, my wife and I watched as the host went around to most tables and helped clean and set up the tables. 50 minutes later he came back and sat us. After being at the table for 10 minutes and no server to take out order we left. The place is pretty cool, the beer is good, The food looked pretty good. Unfortunately, we had a bad customer service experience, everything else was cool. Maybe make reservations if you go! They will have to do something big to get us back.This establishment has authentic German food and beer. I recommend order the sampler and German potato. They have live music and a nice beer garden when the weather is nice.I don't understand why when you have take out the portion is very much lower than you do at the restaurant when you paying the same price....the German potato salad is an embarrassment. They really need to get their heads out of their asses in this restaurant ,Good food and a great beer selection. They have fresh cut fries and chips that come with all sandwich orders that are delicious.Great setup, plenty of unique drinks and food to choose from.  Tell them your favorite beer and they will give you the German equivalent.Just opened Monday 9-13-2010. Great crowd for the soft opening. True German menu. Awesome beer selection. The second offering from "Scoats" and Pat from the Grey Lodge Pub. If you like the Grey Lodge Pub you'll love the Hop Angel Brauhaus. Zum Wohl!!!Great beer selection.  And a little more refined then its counter part the grey lodge.  Food is rustic German style.  I had the meat loaf.  It was. Moist and the sauce was very comforting.  If you where there when the place opened... and had a bad experience... give it another try.   They have really gotten there act together.This place was ok. I kinda expected a little more.
First off, the staff is very nice. I walked in with my date and we were immediately greeted and told to sit where ever we liked.
I sat down and saw my water glass was very dirty. Well...not dirty....but it looked like they dried it with a paper towel. So there were bits of paper all over it and inside.
I ordered a beer from their impressive beer list. Prices were a lot lower than I had expected. 
We started with the deep fried pickles. They were very tough. Like, the pickle skin was very chewy. It tasted like they were either frozen or cooked too long or something. But they were not good.
I ordered the Frikadelle burger. I asked for it cooked medium...and it was! A lot of places don't know how to cook a burger made to order, but this place did. The burger was super tender and very very good. 
As my rating states, this place was A-OK.At here recently for the first time since the restaurant changed its name and updated the menu. The food was good and the service was good. The beer selection was awesome! Lots of variety. Will definitely be back.I only had the oatmeal fries and some beer but will be going back because I'm interested in trying some German food. They also have quizo which was fun. We won most creative name and it got us a round of free beer (;Loved this place great booze , great food and great service all around!  I had a Long Island iced tea and it was really good and very stiff just like I like my drinks. My brother had a burger  and he thought it was amazing. I had the famous garlic fries and they are really a must . A big portion enough for like 4 or 5 people. I would definitely come again.I've been here twice since discovering that a German bar and restaurant was so close to you boyfriends house! Each time we were very pleased with our meals. When it comes to choosing a beer the staff is very helpful in selecting something that is to your liking, even allowing you try before you buy. Will definitely be back!Scoats and Patrick have done it again with a German-centric menu and killer - often local - beers. It's great, enjoy.First time here. Staff was nice. The decor is interesting, but the food was just okay. Fries a little too greasy and not crisp. Salad bar is minimal.Excellent beer selection, great ambiance, and tasty bar food.  Service can be improved but this is a great local spotMet up with some friends on Saturday night. The bartenders aren't very attentive, waited longer than I feel we should have for drinks. Messed up our drink order more than once. Also, sitting in the beer garden is anything but relaxing, as it's at a major intersection. I felt like I couldn't relax while sitting out there, because cars literally speed around the intersection from every direction. Maybe it's just me? But I kept envisioning cars jumping the curb and coming right at me.I usually don't get to this part of the city but Monday I was across the street on business.  A quick check of my Yelp Mobile App showed me "great beer selection" and 3  1/2 stars.  Sounded good to me!
I stopped in around 2 pm and the place was dead.  Not a surprise for a Monday afternoon.  I sat at the bar and chatted about beer with the friendly bartender.  I must admit I was slightly disappointed.  These folks have 12 taps and one was down with problems.  They also have just a few bottles.  In today's market there is no way that qualifies as a great beer selection.  Without thinking I can name twenty or more places in Philly with a much better selection.  Don't get me wrong; my beer was fine, the prices were fine and I loved the choice of three different sizes.
GROWLER ALERT!  These folks offer the nicest growler I have ever seen.  It's very heavy and has a solid metal handle.  It also has a beautiful porcelain top that's seals tightly.  There are no logos of any kind on it which I really like.  You'll pay a little more for it.  It goes for $17 empty but it's worth it.  I've got mine!  Check out this picture-  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/hop-angel-brauhaus-philadelphia-2?select=LVeSkgOmq2n35GGpJAxMAA#lNlN7Wb47ixd7bBA-q1MSA
As I was quaffing my beer I needed something to nibble on.  I chose the Hop Tots ($7). They are Hungarian and Munster cheese stuffed potato tots.  They were large, beautifully plated and delicious.  I was surprised how light they were.   I perused the remainder of the menu and there were definitely some other dishes I would like to try.
I had a nice three star visit.I'm first going to say, if you're looking for a good beer garden, this is not the place. They unfortunately do not have the open space, and you're essentially in a parking lot off of a main street, and last night there were an unusually large amount of young children running around. But go inside, you will find multiple indoor seating options, inclusive of sitting at the bar that are quite nice. Depending upon where you sit, you get the feel of either quaint cozy inn like, to friendly neighborhood restaurant. 
I have been here multiple times and never been disappointed. The käsespätzle is light and delicate, with Caramelized onions. It's fantastic!!!! 
This last trip they had a pumpkin themed menu, and although not a German dish, the gnocchi with pumpkin sauce was out of this world!!! 
Not sure who the chef is but kudos to you, for the outstanding complex specials, I was quite impressed.
I forgot to mention the beer!!! Wonderful selection of German and craft beers.