My wife & I, we headed down to the restaurant after a long day at work.  It was pretty easy to find the restaurant, of course we used the help of a modern technology (GPS).  
The restaurant is nicely decorated with a contemporary setting and the music (jazz) is very suitable for a peaceful evening dining.  
We had fried calamari & salmon salad for appetizer and crispy duck with green curry & Tilapia for main course.  The foods were fantastic and the dessert (fried banana) was delicious.  The service was exceptional.  
I would say this is a gourmet restaurant, not just any restaurant.  Thank you for all the good foods.Great food and excellent authentic Thai Tea makes this an excellent choice for when you want to spice up your lunch or dinner however bring your wallet because they are expensive. If they would offer early bird, lunch or any type of special it would be the first.Food. Having access to dozens of Thai restaurants throughout Manhattan and Queens, the Thai food here is mediocre by comparison. We ordered Beef Salad (not spicy enough and barely any red onions), Papaya Salad (potions of the papaya itself was a bit lacking), Curry Puffs (delicious and fresh), Silver Noodles (good) and Pineapple Fried Rice (good). 
Service. The lady who brought our coffee at the end of the meal was much more friendly than the male server who took our order. The waiter was not mean, but not friendly either, which is typical of many Asian restaurants. 
Decor. The decor was more elegant and modern than expected of most restaurants in this price range.Had to drive 20 minutes to this place yesterday because the Thai places close to me sucks. I'm talking about you, White Elephant. 
Anyways on to the food. I ordered two things for take out and I don't know if the portion sizes are different from takeout than eat in but the curry puffs were damn near highway robbery. 6 bucks for two tiny puffs the size of my thumbs? Are you kidding me? Good thing the pad thai was a good size and fairly tasty or I woulda flip my shiet. 
No House of Thai, you are not Morimoto, up your damn puff quantity.There should be more publicity about this place.  We yelp and went for it and loved it.  The coconut chicken soup was so good.  I love the ambiance too.  My friend and I were just talking about this will be our hot pot.Pretty good! Probably the best Pad Thai in the area. Unfortunately that's not saying much considering there are so few thai places in the northeast. Overall I thought the main dishes were very good. I wish there were a few more appetizers to chose from. Also, the bathrooms are pretty gross, so I'd try and avoid it if possible. Otherwise, all was good.After seeing the great reviews on Yelp, I really wanted to try this place out, so I decided to order take out. The food was promised to be ready in 15-20 minutes and by the time I got there it was ready. Upon pickup I noticed the very beautiful dining room. Everything was so clean and pretty. I ordered the veg. dumplings and chicken pad Thai and they were both delicious. So glad I found my new official go-to Thai place in the Northeast. I'll definitely be back.It's our first time here . We ordered spring rolls, chicken satay, red curry beef and chicken pad Thai. We enjoyed everything. We also orders mango with sweet rice and fried banana. Desserts were delicious. Will Definitely order the desserts again! We cant wait to return and try other dishes .I was really excited to go to this restaurant after reading the reviews, but I was sadly disappointed.  The atmosphere was cute but small and since it was a slow night you could hear the whole conversation of the only other two people in the restaurant.  I got the mixed seafood dish.  I love seafood, but was disappointed in what I received.  The seafood was over-cooked and the sauce was ok, but I wouldn't recommend it. 
Maybe I just got the wrong dish here, but I won't be racing back to see if there is something better here.This place is definitely under rated. I'm a flight attendant and I travel the world for a living. I've tried Thai food all over the country and this place has the best Thai food BY FAR! The waiters are very attentive and the food is super fresh, every time! If you are visiting the city and are a tourist. This place is about 15 minutes northeast of center city. Definitely worth the ride! 5 stars all the way! :-)This place is a hidden gem. Amazing ambiance, friendly service, and fantastic food. It's BYOB with a liquor store right across the street.
If you go, get the veggie dumplings, which are freshly made. Their drunken noodles were great as well. I ordered mine with shrimp and the shrimp were a great size. Can't wait to go back here!Satay and chicken red curry Togo.  The food is good. Satay a bit under season and could use a little bit more time on the grill for more color. peanut dipping sauce was ok and was ice cold. The most exciting part of that apps was the pickled cucumbers veggies.  Didn't even know it came with the satay apps. The red curry was flavorful and very aromatic.  Love the coconut milk flavor and the fresh Vietnamese coriander they put in it. Could use a lot more heat though. It wasn't hot at all. Overall, very good. Will definitely come back but this time to dine in. The restaurant is small but it is smart, sexy, and very intimate.The pad Thai noodles was overcooked, but the fried calamari and Panaeng Curry Fried Rice made up for it.  Don't forget reservations or they'll put you at the table by the door.  There's a draft.I LOVE this place. it is soooo good. It has all the right flavors and balance of sweet, spice, sour, etc. All the salads are flavorful, get two and share. Drunken noodles and curry, you just can't go wrong. When I want Thai, I go here. Also a BYOB and great service.My GF and I came here on a recomendation from a friend. They were right! This place is very classy inside. The food was wonderful and the service was fast and friendly. The prices were extremely reasonable. 
We found our new Friday date night spotBest Thai restaurant in NE Philly.  I have eaten here many times and have not been disappointed. Cute and cozy place for date night. Some of the Thai dishes that I have tried in other places are normally spicy.  The dishes here are served relatively mild. So if you like heat like I do, make sure to ask for it.Spotted by this place yesterday, and to my surprise the food and ambiance was very nice, the dumplings were on point and the chicken thia pad is second to none. I would suggest this place to anyone"If you hadn't taken me here, I would've NEVER thought a place like this would be HERE." Those are the words of my co-worker on Friday when we took a trip into Mayfair to eat at House of Thai. Nestled along a strip of closed down stores, a corner store, countless neck tattoos, and an 8 year old walking a 75 pound Rottweiler, House of Thai DOES seem a bit out of place. You walk in, and its a legit sit down restaurant; small, but nice. Clean tables and soft music playing from the over head speakers. We sat down and were greeted promptly and placed our orders. I went with the chicken pad thai (duh!) with the salad and coconut chicken soup. The salad came and was tasty; properly dressed with a peanut dressing. The soup was next and was DELICIOUS. This is from someone that doesn't even LIKE coconut. The soup was perfectly balanced, with this lemony kick that complemented the soup perfectly. Then the main course, the pad thai. Again, delicious, and with a heaping portion size that filled me up. My two co-workers, one that "didn't like" pad thai and one that never had it, were both converted. One went BACK to get a to-go order to take home, and the other wouldn't shut up about how "pleasantly surprised" he was, since he thought he wasn't going to like it. 
The one knock on House of Thai, besides being in Mayfair, is that it did take a while to get our food. While the dishes were spaced nicely, it took a lot longer than expected to get our main dishes. We actually asked for the check when the pad thai's hit the table so that we could hurry up and get back to work. 
I totally recommend it, and will definitely be back. Lunch (salad, soup, pad thai) and tip came out to about $14 per person. 
OH, also, BYOB!I ordered the red curry sauce with chicken and I didn't expect much due to so many Thai places lacking the right flavors. You know what I'm talking about such as the thick milky red curry sauce that I was used to getting ..lacking depth  and substance. 
When I had my first spoonful I swear I saw fireworks. The sauce was perfect and I admired the red oil floating in the sauce instead of that thick yogurt looking crap I got at south Philly (ameri Thai ) the list goes on. 
Point is, this place cooks from the heart and it may be empty at times but don't let that discourage you from eating there. Best Thai I've had since baan Thai down northern liberties.One of the best Thai restaurants in Philly,  hands down. The food is consistently well prepared. My favorites include lemon grass soup or coconut soup, spring rolls, drunken noodles, Phat Thai, and fried rice with Thai sausage. Also curry is great. So lucky to have this gem in the neighborhood!This was a pleasant surprise of a restaurant. Nice atmosphere and friendly wait staff with good food. Drunken noodles, red curry, and shrimp pineapple fried rice were all cooked perfectly.This small restaurant, run by very friendly and solicitous folks, is a comfortable place for a meal.  We had lunch there today when the restaurant offers a good set-up of soup-appetizer-entree for a shade under $10.  The soups and appetizers showed careful preparation with quality ingredients, we especially liked the clean and tasty broth of the vegetable soup and the greaseless fried tofu.  
Of the main plates, the green curry (with pork) was our favorite but the drunken noodles (redolent of Szechuan pepper) also pleased.  I found the Pad Thai (with shrimp) too cloyingly sweet, a pity since the toothy noodles and the shrimp were good.
The food offerings here do not differ from other area Thai places but you will find well-done renditions of things you already know.This is a hidden gem on you got it on 3500 of Cottman Ave.....you may have passed it and never noticed it.....by the review a lot of people are noticing it........if you like Thai or your open to new experiences go here.... Jump in you car now.  The inside is very cozy........quiet...very nice place......excellent service......outstanding food......we start off with the salad with peanut dressing and the party begins on out palettes......then we move to the Shrimp Lemongrass soup.....very tastey.....then the Drunken Noodles.....light spice.....all sort of flavors going off......all for $21.00 per person for dinner........plus tip and tip well they work hard......an outstanding meal...... the Northeast isn't known for there restaurants and there are a few......this is one of them........go with an open mind and enjoy.....This place is truly a hidden gem. Part of me does not want to write a review because I want to keep it a secret but another part of me wants to shout how good it is from the rooftop! Everything that I've had here has been very good. I would highly recommend the fried calamari, the drunken noodles or any of the duck entrees. The prices are appropriate, the food is delicious and the server is friendly. What more could I ask for? I am very excited to grab a few bottles of wine and meet my family at H.O.T. tonight for dinner!The 7 years I've dined here, I've never had an issue with their food or their service. 
At times, the owner gives me Thai tea on the house. 
I love their thai sausage fried rice, chicken satay, and lemon grass soup! The flavors are never off. 
Honesty, I don't think I've never had a bad time here. 
One time, I was charge more than what it was supposed to be. Well, my girlfriend had picked the food up. So, I didn't know what it was supposed to be. The owner had called me and stated that he overcharged us, he kept sincerely apologizing. I started to feel bad instead. He told me he'll credit me next time I come in (it was about a $20 difference). However, I didn't dine in or order out in a couple of weeks and when I did, he remembered about the credit. 
That right there shows how much he loves and enjoys his customers!!! You'll forever have a customer unless I find something in my food (which I hope will never happen).Love this place, everything I've had has been so yummy and they hit the perfect amount of spice. My fav dishes are the shrimp in garlic sauce and the stir fried veggies, extra spicy for that extra kick!My first time here tonight and I absolutely enjoyed it. I had the green curry with chicken. The broth was thick and creamy and sweet and spicy. My boyfriend had the shrimp pad Thai and the shrimp were a good size and the flavor was on point. I'm glad to find good eats here in the northeast. I will definitely come back again.Going to a Thai restaurant, it's a must to order Pad Thai. So I got the chicken/shrimp combo and it was so so. It was just sweet & sour but not really packed with flavor. I've had wayyyyyyy better
Golden Bag: 3 out of 5 (had better)
What to order: garlic w basil stir fry, we got beef and it was absolutely amazing. My mouth is still drooling!!! Oh so good! 
Ambiance is cute, not to shabby :)Came here with two girlfriends about a year ago and thought the food was great.  I don't know why it took me so long but I finnally came back tonight with my husband and had another great experience.   We had the tai dumpling appetizer which was excellent.  For our main course I had the panang fried rice and my husband had the spicy eggplant.  I had no complaints as far as my meal was concerned although I think my husband made the better choice.   I'll probably be ordering that the next time.  We don't go out to eat to but I think this place will be on our list as far as local places to go to when we want to eat out and they offer take out too when we just want to stay at home.  You can expect good food, good service,  and a good value here and it's a byob which is always great.  I think we would definitely come back and maybe even bring others here in the future.This place is AWESOME!!! The food is great. I have tried a few different dishes all have been wonderful. The best thing is that they deliver.Tonight was my first night ordering take out from there. And it was fantastic! It is so easy to mess up thai food and these people surely did not. I ordered chicken pad thai because it was safe for my stomach right now. But in any case is delicious.
It was delivered fast and everything was hot. The other people who ordered with me ate beef pad thai, drunken noodles and pork red curry. There was no left overs. And that was not because the portion was small. There was a ton of food. 
The next time I order from there (which will be very soon) I will be ordering the duck. I am so excited that I can get thai duck in Mayfair. 
You must try this place. Like now.Worth the 20 min drive from the city!!!! This cute Thai place is a definite hidden gem , I cannot wait to come back here again!!! Everything was simply deliciousAbsolutely amazing! Atmosphere, service, food.5freaking stars. BYOB (liquor store across the street ).I got the Thai tea, pad thai 2meat combo and the crispy duck salad. I now am obsessed. They deserve all the amazing ratings they are given.Why don't more people know about this place? It's a hidden gem. The decor was surprisingly stylish, given the location, and an unexpected treat. The food - glorious! One of our dinner party members was a vegetarian and she found a selection of dishes on the menu that were both delicious and exotic. My 9 year old loved the Pad Thai and vegetarian dumplings.
For dessert we sheepishly ordered the mango sticky rice, which we had never even heard of - it amazing. 
Service, pricing, atmosphere, menu selection and food did not disappoint. Please patronize this Restuarant, as it would be a shame to see it have to close it's doors.I come here often, whether it is to dine in or take out. Either way the food is still ALWAYS so fresh and delicious. I've had a variety of different things on the menu, including the specialty dishes and I've never had a single complaint. My go to is the Ginger Sauce with chicken and shrimp, and of course, spring rolls. Consistency in restaurants is difficult, but here it's of no moment - it's always so good. Come here, you will not be disappointed.Quaint little Thai spot nestled on Cottman and Frankford. The food was fresh and flavorful as expected and the service prompt and polite. Tried the Tom yum soup, mango salad, and panaeng curry; all of which delicious. The decor was great, much nicer than I expected before walking in. Great to find a delicious Thai spot close to home in the NEGreat food, but if you want to dine in they will not seat you close to 10pm. I would even bet 9:30. After then, it's take out only. They should probably list this in their information.I was ecstatic to find this little gem close to where I just moved. The decor was really modern and tasteful. Beautiful floors and although small, it was a very quaint spot. I ordered the Tom Yum (lemongrass soup) and it was yummy. It wasn't the best I've had but it was a close second or third. I also had the mango salad and that was so deliciously refreshing and filling. I was disappointed when it ended. It was so crisp and the dressing was absolutely delicious. My husband ordered the Penang curry with steak and he thoroughly enjoyed it. It had a nice kick but after the first bite it just kept getting better. 
We will definitely be returning and frequenting this place. Service was really good and friendly as well.Excellent Thai in Philly. Spicy, fresh, delicious. Nice jazz playing softly in background. Clean bright and well spaced tables. You wouldn't expect to find s7ch a n8ce place based on area. Try it, you will love it.This is a lovely little oasis of calm and excellent cuisine.  It's a terrific date night spot. However, I did not know that they also deliver. My husband and I were both sick with colds and the one thing I wanted was their shrimp lemongrass soup. The service was excellent, the food arrived exactly when they promised, and everything was as fresh and savory as it would be if it were served in the restaurant.  I feel better already!Had out of town guests & didn't want to drive to the city for dinner so I came across this place and I'm really glad I did. Small and clean but really a hidden gem. A very under appreciated place tucked away in Mayfair. I got the Pad Thai and it was so tasty and delicious!This was my first time trying Thai food. It was delicious. We had the drunken beef noodles, sweet sausage fried rice, dumplings,spring rolls. I ordered it for take out but the restaurant is very nice and clean. The lady was very nice and greeting. Definitely going back. Glad I found this place !!!This place is not only amazing with the presentation of the food but the taste of the food is pristine as well. The nice ambience of the staff and scenery is just what you're looking for when you show up to eat at a lovely restaurantWe were lucky on a rainy afternoon, not that many patrons, and quick service. I was promised Golden Bags of Delight, and my skepticism was unfounded, as they were delicious. The fried shrimp appetizer was also delicious, as was the red curry we had. Great service, poured our wine out for us and very helpful with suggestions. Get those bags.Picture me rolling . . . or rather scrolling, down my iPad screen looking for healthy take out options in the NE Philly area. Am I a spoiled little LA girl? I never thought so until now. Where is the Thai food in Philly !!! 
Oh that's right it's at the House of Thai. They don't deliver but it's a cute little restaurant and very nice decor - no hole in the wall here. I really wanted yellow curry but they only had green and red so I went with the Pad See Ew instead. It was delicious ! 
It tasted completely different from any pad see ew I've ever had - it wasn't spicier but there was more of a peppery taste to it which was super good. Thai tea met all expectations as usual. Took about 15 mins for take out and there is ample metered parking outside.Amazing restaurant! The food is delicious and the service great. A hidden gem in the Mayfair section of the city.Very quiet and small place but it's set up and decorated very formally. I had went for the first time during lunch (which lasts between 11am-3pm) and For 2 people we payed $21.49 each person was able to get a soup, then a choice an appetizer and of course and entree. I thought the food was satisfying and tasty and presented really nicely...I probably will return when I need a Thai food fix.
oh! Also much of the menu had a vegetarian option so you veggie people out there won't have to miss out! :3This was my first experience with Thai food and it was delicious!!! It's a small restaurant..  And the service is okay... But the food is amazing!!House of Thai is one of NE Philly's most consistent restaurants. That's why it is rated so highly. A majority of the time, we have gotten take out of HOT but have also eaten in a few times, as well. 
Food: The food is always the same. That's always very important to me. If you like a fish, you want to get it again and you want it to taste the same. The food is very consistent, tasty and fresh. 
Price: This is also a BYOB, which is a huge plus if you're looking to save some dough... The food is slightly pricier than the usual take-out Asian fare but it's worth it because it is good and the portions are sizable. 
Service: always have had the same pleasant gentleman serve us; this has never been a problem. 
Ambience: it's a surprisingly quiet spot off of a busy street, but as far as decor it is pretty sparse. Not that that that matters. It is MUCH nicer than, say, a Chinese restaurant take out place. 
All in all, I highly recommend.This is probably the best Thai restaurant in all of Philadelphia (especially in the NE). Every time I come here for dinner everything is rated 5 stars..  The food is extremely flavorful and the service is really really good. Also, this restaurant is a BYOB, so you can bring a bottle of your whatever you want to complement your meal.. definitely stop in for a meal whether you eat in or takeout the next time you are around.So decided to try some Thai food and being disappointed and dissatisfied with most of the Thai Joints in Philadelphia I must say I felt as though House of Thai cuisine really came through. So as far as the inside dining I really wouldn't say it's that big or nice. It's actually quite small and not children friendly, which was kind of a bummer since we brought our baby but my biggest judgment when it come to ratings is the food and price, atmosphere children friendly is just extra and isn't the make or breaking point of my ratings. The food was very good and I mean just really flavorful, good portions and flavored accordingly. My wife and I ended up getting 3 appetizers, the springs rolls, golden shrimp, and Thai dumplings and all were very good. I got the curry duck which was superb with green curry while my wife got some awesome chicken Thai fried rice. We ended up taking half our food to go because our little one was getting fussy but as far as the service, price, and quality of the food, this was perhaps the best place for Thai food that we been to thus far in Philadelphia. I mean they were a lot of people coming in and out picking up to go orders and by the flavor of the food I don't blame them, it's really tasty. However, the inside was pretty small and not that inviting, I mean it's ok, it wasn't bad but if you plan on a big party or bring kids this is not the place to go! Anyhow really enjoyed the food and will be back for sure to pick up an order! 3 appetizers and 2 big entrees for $60!including tip, you really get a good value.Carry out Chicken Pad Thai - Heaven.  Lovely noodles - order ready on time - lovely little byob.Lovely ambiance - romantic but not. Food is delicious served hot. Server is friendly and full of information.Great quality and delicious food! Friendly service and nice ambiance! Highly recommend this place!This place rocks! I live in San Francisco area and get good thai food and this place is as good if not better.It's a nice space too,a great deal for quality of food & ambience.
I recommend this restaurant highly! It makes my list to return to next time I am in Philly.The food is amazing here.  Service is wonderful too. I had the Spicy Basil Fried Rice with Chicken. Delicious!!!! A definite must. It came with a salad with peanut sauce that was great and Vegetable Lemon Grass soup. Fresh cut vegetables in the soup and the broth was so tasty. Definitely come here. Not too pricey either.Remarkable to find such cultural and intimacy dining on a little corner in the Northeast.  Excellent service, expertly prepared cuisine, great portions. BYOB with a Wine & Spirits directly located across the street. Perfect for first dates.This place is a truly a diamond in the rough!! Every meal is delicious. I love that it's BYOB; and there is a Wine & Spirit across the street if you forget. My fav dish...Mango Curry. #Addicted. You absolutely must try this place.We ordered out. It was a large order with many items. Honestly, everything was excellent! Prompt and polite service. This is the best Thai food, in our opinion, in NE Philadelphia.Best Thai food in NE. Reasonable prices, relaxing atmosphere, and quick take out. I absolutely love this place!!Very great place for lunch. $10.95 for lunch combo crispy duck, fried tofu and soup... Will definitely return. Great service also.Excellent location for aficionados of thai food in the Northeast. I take all of my out-of-town friends to this restaurant; it's wonderful. Dumplings and golden bag are especially delicious. Service is attentive; the place is never too crowded. BYOB only, but the Wine & Spirits shop across the street takes care of that problem. I've taken friends here who are more than passingly familiar w/ good thai food and they all agree that the House of Thai is truly authentic.I wish there was a six star rating. Pad thai was fantastic, but once I had the garlic duck I never went back. That dish will make you forget your problems. So, kids, stay away from drugs and enjoy the garlic duck instead.  
I went here a few times with a lady friend and can't believe I didn't review until now. Just took a friend here and he just sent me a text saying he's taking his parents there tomorrow. So, count this as two rave reviews.
Plus, it's BYOB and across the street from a liquor store.  
SIX STARS!I'm never disappointed with the good and service here. I'm typically here for the lunch specials during the week and always get the spicy basil fried rice as my main course. Great food, friendly waiter and fast service. I'm surprised there aren't crowds of people there on a regular basis but I'm also happy, because it makes for s nice quiet lunch spot during the week.Wonderful little 12-14 table restaurant that has fantastic food and an elegant dining experience.Toady, I went to House of Thai and I can say it's a very good Thai place in the Northeast area. There are not many good Thai places in the area, but this one is definitely the top of the chart. We walked in and we were greeted by a gentleman we did not sit in, but we did get take out. We skimmed through the menu and we found a few platters that looked very appetizing and even after asking the gentleman about certain dishes, his knowledge was extensive and he did a very good job in answering my questions. My girlfriend order the Chicken Pad Thai and I ordered the Drunken Noodles, because I wanted to try something different. My girlfriend ordered a Thai Tea which was definitely something she nor I have ever had; it tasted very good and refreshing. I also got a side order of Sticky Rice and also the Lemongrass Soup. Our meals were amazing and we both enjoyed the food, I think next time we are going to dine in and bring a bottle of wine since it's BYOB. We will be back!I just ate here today and it was so good! The owner was so sweet and provided great service! I had the vegatable dumplings, spring rolls, and the garlic sauce chicken and beef with white rice. It all tasted so great and all the ingredients were fresh. I would reccomend this to everyone!This is the go to for Thai. Thankfully it is in my neighborhood.  I haven't had a bad dish here. Dave even loves it.  The thai icetea is a favorite. I truly enjoy all of the small plates they offer.First off, I do love this place, but I have to knock off a star for the change to their delivery policy. When I called up this afternoon to order delivery (as I have done many times before, even as recently as three weeks ago), I was informed that they don't deliver anymore. I asked when this started, and told that it was months ago. Huge inconvenience. 
Ordered my gang's standard lineup - the honey duck, the red mango curry, and the pad thai - and everything was delicious as usual. Our order of the chicken coconut soup was SO much spicier than it usually is, so much that no one could stand more than a couple bites. Spring rolls were good, as are the fried calamari. You definitely want to try the green curry with your protein of choice, and the shrimp lemongrass soup, both are delicious.
Shame about the delivery, I don't know if I'll be ordering from here as much, but I recommend it wholeheartedly.Looking for some great Thai food? You have found it! Do not look any further. Pad Thai is to die for Thai ice tea. Believe me, you won't be disappointed!Very good food and great service. There is a Wine and Spirit shoppe across the street and they are BYOB.Food and service were awesome. 
Heard about this place online and been wanting to try it for a while. Great lunch specials, we ordered the Pad Thai and duck. They both came with a salad and choice of appetizer for about $10 each. Inside the restaurant is really clean and nice.I never write reviews but this restaurant deserves the credit. I came here twice and received great service both times. Pad thai is one of the best I've ever had. Vegetable dumplings and massaman curry are also my favorites. Best thai food in the area.This place is small, elegant, and a true gem of the Northeast.  I don't think it's Hipster anything, just because it's in Mayfair and if you're from Philly you know that NO Hipsters live anywhere near Mayfair.  My parents recently moved back home from Florida and have been searching for a new Thai place to eat, after going there last night...I think they've found it!  It's BYOB...AWESOME!  If you go and forget to bring a nice bottle of Sake there's a most convenient liquor store directly across the street!!  
I'm a vegetarian and they had a great selection for us non-meat eaters.  The prices were fair, the food was impeccable, and the service was outstanding.  Their Panaeng Curry was amazing, but I had the sauce from the Mango Curry as well as the Curry Duck and it was equally as good.  
They also have take-out which is all kinds of awesome and dangerous as I will be ordering from them most likely on a weekly basis.The owner is so nice and the food is delicious and reasonably priced. Love the vegetable dumplings and the spicy eggplant.Happen to get to meet with the owner and decided he was such a great guy and his wife I tried the shrimp fried rice.. gave some to my lady and we both thought why we would ever go any where else the food was fantastic. I will return to Thai foods are really great dishes to try.... and don't just take my opinion stop by and try it out.What a delight! This cute little BYOB seems quite out of place on a NE Philly block primarily containing hair salons and bars. The decor was classy and modern, and the food was by far the best Thai I've sampled in a long time. I had the vegetable soup and the mango curry, my husband had the spicy seafood soup and the drunken noodle. Dee-lish-us!! A combination of great flavors and spices in each of our dishes. We were only sorry we hadn't found this gem sooner. Our server was friendly and attentive; and the portions and pricing were what we would expect at any finer restaurant. We can't wait to tell our friends!This is a great local Thai spot! It's def a competitor of Thai chef noodle fusion. The food was delicious and the atmosphere as well. We ordered the steamed veg dumpling which were amazing (5/5) and the pad thai both chicken and tofu were well made also (4/5). Parking is a bit toughA nice byob ..food was great ..service was friendly and fast. Small and quaint restaurant.We were in from out town and saw the great reviews on this restaurant. It did not disappoint. We had the spring rolls, pad Thai and chicken in basil sauce. Everything was absolutely delish. Atmosphere is quaint and byob.