Don't be deterred by the low rating, this is a great spot with quality coffee and great service.
They used to be a "coffee truck" near the Penn campus and with growing popularity became a well frequented spot near campus.
They coffee is on the pricier side (4.35 for 12oz latte) but worth the money. They are known for their cold brew. Good spot to also pick up a toasted bagel. 
The ambiance is great for having a conversation or being heads down and getting work done. Light music in the background and the hum of the espresso machine.The coffee here is overpriced and terrible to boot. Avoid it at all costs. We ordered a small iced vanilla latte and it was close to five dollars! The taste of the coffee was off. Not worth the trip.Stumptown beans, Trickling Springs local PA grass-fed milk, and La Marzocco espresso machine = these folks know what they're doing. The espresso and cappuccino are excellent, free wifi, comfortable and roomy environment. An excellent new addition to the city new wave coffee scene in Philly.
Also, free charging stations with special lockers!Such a great little coffee shop and a good place to study. The atmosphere is awesome, they have tons of tables/bar settings to work out and everyone is really nice. Their coffee is fantastic, way better than starbucks or other local chains. They also have really great food. Their bagels are fantastic. Definitely recommend this place to anyone in west philly looking for a good study coffee shop.This excellent cafe in University City has everything I'm looking for - lively atmosphere, hip decor, and great coffee. It sports the typical word and oversized incandescent bulbs that has become all the rage in modern loft-esque style like this. This place is great for either studying or socializing. I can't comment on the food, but I've never been disappointed by the coffee.This place is a clear winner.Definitely the best coffee at Penn. Probably not the best in all of Philly, but it's close.I had high expectations for this place after my experiences with the truck. I was very disappointed. I got the drip coffee and it was terrible, bland and burnt tasting. I'm pretty sure the student baristas at the student-run cafés around Penn have made better. Maybe it was a bad brew, but at $2.50 for drip coffee, I expect a solid cup. Their truck used to have great tasting drip coffee for $2 so I don't know what happened. I'm sure their pour-overs are decent, but those are also quite pricey. At Joe down by Drexel, all pour-overs are $3 so I'm not going to pay $4-5 here. Plus, Stumptown is overrated anyways. They only get two stars in my book because they're local.I was a huge fan of the truck when I was in school.  I stopped through the new Spruce St store on a recent trip to Penn and an pleased to say that my experience was very positive.  I love Hubbub's drip coffee and found the store to have a very similar cup to the truck (in my review of the truck I touch on the distinctive taste that comes with elevated caffeine levels).  I also had a bagel that was very usual- would have been better it came with cream cheese already spread but whatever. 
The woman at the counter couldn't have been nicer.  She said they have been in business for 7 days and was very thankful when I wished them luck.  The inside is very modern and spectacular.  Wish I had Hubbub's Spruce St Storefront to hang out and study when I was in school.Hub Bub is a great little coffee shop if you're looking to get away from the Starbucks. All of their coffee is Stumptown, and they have a fancy espresso machine, so all of the coffee tastes and looks good. They also have almond milk which I always thinks adds a nice touch to coffee! 
It's also a great place to work on Penn's campus - when it doesn't get too crowded. There's free wifi and lots of place to sit. Definitely very hipster/modern cafe vibe.
The only thing is that it's a little expensive, but hey, they do have punch cards to get that free drink once in a while. It also can get crowded at peak times so you won't always necessarily find somewhere to sit.HubBub is one of my favorite places on Penn's campus! It looks really cute on the outside and has some fun tunes playing inside. They have Stumptown coffee and use a fancy espresso machine which together make delicious coffee. 
I usually order a Chai Tea Latte (they use Oregon Chai!) or a regular Latte. I love that they have almond milk as an option. They also sell Umpqua Oats and Sugar Philly Macaroons which are fun quick eats. 
I also love doing work here - the fun decor and the casual atmosphere make it a great study spot. They have wifi but I wish they had more power outlets as the seats with power outlets always seem to fill up fast. The only problem with this place is that it is a little expensive but they do have a punchcard that gives you a free beverage every 10 orders.I had a pour over the other day. The barista did not know what she was doing. She poured too much water into the chemex, my coffee was very watery as a consequence. She proceeded to dump the rest into the sink. They need more training. Good coffee beans cannot save poorly trained barista. Pro: Great décor, great benches but cannot handle a simple cup of pour over.Literally my go-to place for all things. I study here, get my caffeine fix here, set ALL of my meetings here, and I'm even sitting here typing this right now.
Being right next to the Quad on Penn's campus, Hubbub is incredibly convenient. There is so much seating with access to plugs everywhere. The employees are fantastic to chat with, they are people through and through- they don't put on a fake customer service front- they are genuinely cheerful at almost all times, but if someone makes them mad they do not try and fake it.
Almond and soy milk available in all drinks. But my favorite is their Chemex options. They use Stumptown and Reanimator here, both great coffee roasters. Today I had Stumptown Ethiopia ( Pineapple, strawberry, and black tea). These are the only coffees that I can drink black. 
Drink-wise, this place is a win. They could work a little more in terms of food though and that is the reason for the 4 star rating. The peanut butter that they use is not vegan (made with honey) and they have desserts/yogurt parfaits/biscotti- none of which are vegan. 
It's frustrating but I have a lot of hope for Hubbub.I love HubBub (and probably come here too often for my own good). 
I usually order a Latte with soy milk or the Tropical Hibiscus Tea. When in the mood, I also sometimes order an everything bagel. They use Stumptown Coffee which is absolutely delicious and is a good start to my day. My favorite for the summer is the tropical hibiscus tea, which I mentioned, because it's not too sweet but still delicious and a nice cool treat on a hot day. I'm not usually a fan of iced tea but HubBub's is definitely the exception. 
The baristas are always friendly and I enjoy talking to them when I drop by. They do cute things like offering free cookies on HubBub's birthday if you wish them "happy birthday," which I think is a nice way to interact with their customers. HubBub is also a great place to meet with friends or study - both of which I do regularly here! During finals, they also extend their hours so you can study longer.Hubbub Coffee attaches quite the price premium to their iced coffee. Its $4.50 small iced coffee is just about double the price of its competitor Starbucks, which sells its tall iced coffee for a mere $2.25. Now, I know many coffee snobs, yuppies, and English majors love to hate the corporate mass-produced Starbucks brand but even they cannot dispute that the marginal difference between the quality of each brand's most basic product differs enough to warrant such a difference in price. So what gives? Maybe you're willing to pay a bit more for local in-house production of your coffee. I can understand that. Economic voting is an essential part of our 21st century capitalist society! Without it, how could we have knocked Ivanka out of Nordstroms?! If you're like me, and want to feel like a mix of Maureen Dowd and Bonnie from Big Little Lies  then maybe the "local" coffee shop flavor is enough to make you willingly swipe your card for that price premium. But this is where I take issue with Hubbub. I would happily pay a bit (lot**) more were the service friendly or maybe even helpful. But they're not. These wannabe hipsters are condescending, rude, and ultimately faker than my privileged HBO watching, local coffee shop seeking, Wharton studying capitalist self. Not to mention punk metal music is probably the antithesis of conducive for an environment suitable for working. Let's not even get into the "summer weekend hours" of a 2pm close. So why pay twice as much for their coffee? I can't answer that. Just don't. Xoxo capitalist CarrieI love the simple descriptions of each coffee that they do pour-overs for, although in my experience I've never really gotten the full extent of flavor notes listed for each. The staff are friendly, and it's cool to be able to see them prepare the pour-overs (which is actually Chemex?) in full view on the counter. 
I like that they sell Sugar Philly macarons as well, and the yogurt parfaits are also delicious - creamy and not overly sweet, fantastic crunchy granola.I've only had their drip coffee but it was pretty bad. Their signage says they roast it in small batches which could be why. A lot of small roasters over roast their beans so maybe that's why? Not really worth it to me when you can get La Colombe coffee at the end of the block for less $$. Staff was friendly though and everything looked clean.Came here two days in a row recently because I loved it so much the first time! Everyone who works here is super friendly and very quick with service. There are plenty of places to sit -- two tops both by the windows and further inside of the store, higher-up communal tables in the middle, and counter space in the back. Even during a seemingly busy time, I didn't have trouble finding somewhere to sit with an outlet for my computer. The noise level is surprisingly low for how many people are inside, which I appreciated.
I had an amazing latte and a decent cup of tea. They serve tea but they only have two herbal blends (mint and an herbal chai), which would be my only complaint!Great location across from the Steinberg Conference Center. 
Dottie's vegan cinnamon rolls get a A+ in my book. Drip coffee was also solid but the star of my morning was definitely the cinnamon roll.
I came in on a Saturday morning to kill time and do a little studying and there were plenty of seats. People are friendly without being overly so (I mean, come on, I'm there to study, not to make friends). The noise level was very manageable, which makes it a great place for coffee dates or study dates. There are only a handful of outlets, which really isn't a problem in this day and age with 15 hour battery lifes on laptops.Who would have guessed that I would find one of the best philly cheesesteaks here?  The bread was soft and the seasoning was perfect.  I've found my new spotMy week-long stay in Philadelphia required coffee shop-grade caffeine jolts for my very early morning starts. They offer the standard choices of independent coffee shops and food selection . One unique aspect of HubBub Coffee is that they write the business names of everything they sell on the wall for their customers. This is a great place for Penn students and hospital employees to get work done or get their coffee fix.Hub Bub is okay. I got an iced coffee, and it seemed overpriced for what I was getting. It was good though. Some of the staff seemed standoffish and i felt kind of uncomfortable in there.The staff here are quite rude, snobbish and not very friendly. As if giving good service was some sort of CHORE for them instead of their actual job! I will go to any other place before I go here. Not worth it. They also crank up the music to an absurd volume which is a bit intrusive for people trying to read or chat.This is my favorite place to get coffee on Penn's campus.  The coffee is amazing and the service is great!I love HubBub. They make and sell some of the highest quality coffee out there (Reaminator just won a Good Food Award, and Stumptown will always have a place in the hearts of third wave coffee lovers). Also, they package everything nicely in an awesome setting. No complaints here except for Reanimator's recent hike in prices.I didn't get coffee here, but I did get an iced chai tea, which was excellent. Plenty of seating, and the service was fast and friendly. My tea was ready less than 30 seconds after I paid. 
There are free charging stations for phones here (that look like old post office mailboxes, where you can put your phone in and take a key with you to ensure your phone isn't stolen--- cool concept).Solid coffee choice close to the UPenn campus with plenty of seating, pretty good turnover, good wifi, and good people-watching opportunities. 
Drinks are about standard for high-end coffeeshops in terms of pricing with espresso options under $4 and pour-overs going up to $5. The espresso drinks are solid and usually pretty fast. They can get a bit backed up with the pourovers sometimes, but they're also decent options. I've been unimpressed with the Stumptown ones (very pricey), but I like the Reanimator ones. Not the best coffee drinks I've had, but solid and reliable. 
Best part though is there's actually some room in there to sit in a variety of environments (the new "Coffee Bar" is pretty cool), although the setup of directing people all the way to the back to place the order is a bit odd. There are some outlets scattered around too. I'll be back.Nice atmosphere, bold (in taste and price...) cold brew. Very tasty but it's so expensive. Definitely a treat yourself spot, rather than an everyday stop.
Good setting for studying or meeting a friend for coffee!While I don't stop at HubBub for coffee on the regular, I will occasionally come in if I'm in the area and have time to spare before work and want a place to sit down and leisurely enjoy my coffee and/or bagel (or some other baked good that strikes my fancy).  The cafe itself is huge and spacious with ample seating, bathrooms are clean, and they even have a phone-charging station if you're not able to find seating near an outlet.  I also love that they acknowledge where they get everything from their coffee to their baked goods (donuts are from locally-owned Dottie's in the heart of West Philly!) to their spreads (butter, peanut butter, jam, and cream cheese)--most of the ingredients are locally sourced!  Nice to have a spot like HubBub in the neighborhood among the many options in town.HubBub HubBub HubBub.
There is a lot to like about this place!
Most importantly, they have great strong coffee that hits the spot when you really need it to. I usually get an Americano, but on days that I need a special treat, I'll get a Cappuccino (almond milk) or a mocha (also with almond milk). I am usually not a fan of sweet espresso drinks in general, but Hub Bub's mocha is VERY good - not too thick, not too sweet. It's kind of a problem for me now that my lab has moved to a new spot just around the corner from HubBub. Oh, and did I mention almond milk?? I am not a regular milk drinker, so non-dairy milk options are such a plus as well on those days that I want to venture out of my black coffee norm.
They also carry lots of goodies from local vendors such as Weckerly's ice cream, Dottie's donuts, and Sugar Philly's macarons. I'm always a fan of local businesses supporting one another, and the plus is that you know it's freshly made!
And another plus for stamp cards!!
Now. I actually don't like the spacing, mostly because it feels very crowded. There aren't enough spaces between the tables (which might not be a bad thing for some people, but I tend to easily feel claustrophobic when there are a ton of people in narrowly spaced furniture). It's also a very 'happening' undergrad scene, and if you squeeze in a lot of recruitment events that tend to happen here, then it's usually too much chaos for me to try to focus and write.
Also, it feels very very expensive (almost $5 for a small almond mocha :( ), but I am usually ok to overlook that on those days I need a pick me up.
Hub Bub also tends to get super crowded (as in, very long lines), but usually I am ok with that since I just stand at the end of the counter and become easily mesmerized watching the baristas at work. There's something about watching/smelling the wonderful aroma of the espresso machine that soothes me...or maybe I am usually in such need of a break when I step in here...The coffee is amazing. The staff is great too, very friendly and fast! I suggest coming early in the morning- the everything bagels are awesome and they sell out quickly.Still on my quest to find the best espresso in Philly. I had high expectations for HubBub, because I liked the cappuccinos I ordered here in the past. But their plain espresso shot, while strong, was watery.The coffee? Strong. They take pride in their coffee and you can get some pretty exotic blends from Latin American countries. The location? Less than 5 minutes away from the hospital and basically in the Penn undergraduate campus. The price? Average cost. The ambience? Sleek, clean, and spacious. Busy? Usually is. Wifi? Free!
Great of a burgeoning coffee snob? You know it.May students at Penn- both undergrad and graduate- have raved to me about HubBub and I was happy to finally check it out! The space is pretty large with decent seating but arriving at 945-10am on a Thursday, all the seating was taken. Fortunately, I was able to grab a spot at the counter area though and it seemed like people were circulating in and out. When I arrived, there was no line to order, but while I was sitting later, I noticed the line fluxes, so it's pretty much luck of the draw on how fast you can get your drink! I ordered an iced chai tea latte and an almond croissant. The croissant was delicious and I learned from the barista it's one of (if not the most) popular items. I would also definitely recommend it. The chai tea latte was good, but not the best I've had in Philly- I thought it was a-tad heavy on the milk and I noticed that all the spice in it quickly sank to the bottom, diluting the flavor. When I come back here again, I'll probably try a coffee drink instead. I think HubBub is a cute coffee spot for studying for meeting a friend to chat. Can't wait to come back again soon!Why does this place have some bad reviews? I got a Soy Cappuccino from here and loved it. It was smooth, no bitterness, and did not taste burnt. 
I will be returning!I ordered Chai Tea latte and saw them using boxed cooking spicy chai water to make the drink. The worst chai tea latte I have ever tasted- bitter and rough. Dont order the chai tea latte!HubBub is a great spot on campus for coffee dates with friends, study sessions, or even just a quick and delicious cold brew to go. The space has lots of seating, outlets, wifi, and an endless supply of coffee and snacks! What more could a girl ask for? I'm a big fan of their yogurt and fruit/granola cup, although it is quite pricey, and they carry macarons from the Sugar Philly truck! The cold brew and iced lattes are also very good, and if you purchase a bag of their coffee beans (which I often do for my drip), they grind them up for you and give you a free drink on the house!Definitely the cutest coffee shop on campus! It's very... hipster. The whole place looks like a transplant out of Williamsburg if you ask me. If you like that aesthetic in a coffee shop, you'll love HubBub. Great iced lattes!The coffee here is way weak, like think Wawa coffee, but twice the price!
Also, the Chai latte is straight out of a container. Go to Lovers & Madmen on 40th if you want the real deal.
Definitely botttom of my list of coffee options in West Philly.A steep in the right direction.
I stopped by Philly for an also event and decided to spend a Friday working from the city. A fan of the truck before they opened up shop, I decided to give the cafe a try.
The atmosphere is everything I could've wanted in a cafe: lots of seating, big windows, nice interiors. However the noise level got to be a little loud around noontime, and there are only a few outlets throughout, limiting the time I could stay there.
I settled on the Papua New Guinea single brew, as I didn't really want to drink Stumptown when we have so many locations in NYC. It took about 5 minutes for the coffee to be ready, which I understand for single brew takes longer, I awkwardly waited for the coffee, getting in the way of many people.
The actual brew was great, lots of flavor and a solid single brew. I paired it with the chocolate croissant and had a great start to my morning.
My only other complaints besides the noise and outlets is that for what is was, it was pricey. Coming from NYC, $7 for a cup of coffee and a croissant is fairly standard, but as I student, I don't think I would've frequented much, especially when money would be tight.Really good coffee and pastries (though the pastries are rather expensive). Also a great place to hang out or do work, but because of that, it's always so crowded.The newish HubBub cafe in University City is a great spot to kill some time or hop on your laptop to do some work. I had a few minutes to kill before meeting up with some friends after my work-day, so I ordered a hot chai latte and sat down with my phone as entertainment. 
I probably won't order the chai latte again, because it's from a mix and overly sweet. But I would certainly come in for a cafe au lait with either soy or almond milk available for vegan options. The servers are very friendly here. It is definitely a student-friendly establishment as well.Great coffee. Affordable pour over ($4ish). Lots of seats. Well staffed. 
I came here while visiting UPenn and found this place on Foursquare (gasp!). Glad I did. They're currently playing lots of Modest Mouse, which is A-Okay for me!I love their espresso drinks and the fact that they serve Dotties (vegan) donuts everyday! This is a good spot to study but it does get crowded as it is near the freshman dorms. I typically go very early before 8 am in order to secure a table.Pretty mediocre coffee - definitely overpriced. Also, the nearly $4 for a bottle of orange juice is a bit ridiculous. The ambience is hit or miss. Sometimes they play really loud grungy-type music - which makes it really hard to focus. Greenline cafés are usually better than this place...HubBub has the kindest baristas I have ever met, as well as amazing coffee. Great pastries (cinnamon rolls especially) and bagels as well!Some real quality espresso made with care &  craft. My latte looked, felt &  tasted real good with a slight tangy citrus/dried apricot aftertasteI wanted to spend some time here to get some studying and work done. However I had a very bad experience given their hours of operation. Simply put, I would not have bought a coffee only to be kicked out in 10 minutes. The staff did not communicate this at all and were all too happy to take my money and tell me after the fact. I was expecting to stay for 1-2 hours but I got zilch. Hours listed on yelp say closing at 7. I came in 10 to 5. There was no closing time listed on the door. 
While the coffee was ok, is not worth the price. I've had better cold brew coffee elsewhere. The croissant I had was fine but also too expensive. The environment was very cold and drafty.
I feel like I wasted money coming here. Stay away from here, you can get better coffee from the Wawa next door for cheaper. I will not come back.Great latte's the last two times I've been here. I have yet to try anything else. The foam and espresso combination is perfection and borderline inspirational. I just felt so amazingly happy and content despite that day being monday or hump day or whatever misery I was temporarily trapped in (puppies cause a lot of sleep deprivation!)..  complete evaporation of those negative feelings at the first sip of their latte! I love that they still make pretty foam even if you take it togo.
The prices are a bit steep but worth treating yourself out every now and then for sure.
Also, they have this really cool phone charging station where you can plug and lock it up safely in the locker--- for free! How times have changed. I remember the old school cafe's back in the day where using outlets was actually frowned upon! Now it's definitely the reverse. Is there a catch at all to this? My phone doesn't seem to be bugged or anything from using that charger last week.
Can't wait to visit again and try other things. I would definitely be back more if it didn't cost/add up so much.Over priced but good coffee. Way better than Starbucks. Good place to SABS if it's cold outside.Good, but wow this place is even more expensive than most NYC places. 6.75 for a small dirty chai. crazy. Definitely a treat yourself place.Good coffee. Always packed (be prepared to fight for your seat). And generally bad food. I had a doughnut once, which was the last time I'll try that. Also, I think there are zero people on planet earth who appreciate being given their cream cheese in a container on the side of their bagel. And whenever a place does this, they NEVER give you enough cream cheese for both sides of your bagel. From now on, I'll just be sticking to what they do well, which is coffee to-go.HUBBUB !! This place has a great, energetic environment, with consistently quality drinks. Their espresso drinks are some of my favorite on campus, and their almond iced chai is my *favorite* chai within walking distance of my classes, and during finals week I'd walk all the way to Hubbub, even though there are plenty of places along the way.
The baristas are cheerful, accommodating, professional, and from what I can tell, have a lot of rapport with each other and like to chat about their lives when they're not serving people. 
For those looking for a study spot: the music (which is sometimes country? oh dear) will pound through basic earbuds, so anyone who studies here needs to bring quality noise-cancelling earphones.  
I'm the type that gets motivated by looking at someone in concentration mode with a coffee off to the side, so I love coming here in the morning to get revved up for my day, and their counterspace is fun to sit at, but definitely not a place I can stay for long for work.I'm not one to hang out in coffee shops, but I like this place. I just want coffee. I go in, the staff is courteous and fast, and I get out.
Since it's on Penn campus, inevitably you will run into long lines of bleary-eyed students studying for hours. And good luck trying to find a seat! (you won't)I am a student at UPenn and I just moved to a new house making HubBub on my way to all my classes. Boy was I missing out before! I had this place pinned down as just a more hipster version of Starbucks that is overpriced and just has too many people I don't need to see but boy was I wrong. The coffee is delicious and the atmosphere is just what you need to have a productive, caffeinated, brightly-lit study sesh. The decor is very tasteful and the fancy red espresso machine adds just the right touch.
I usually opt for a latte or something fancier but the coffee here is so good that you really don't need to. Since it's still summer my favorite is the cold brew. The coffee tastes robust but not overbearing and is just the right amount of bitter and flavorful.
Once the school year gets going I am pretty sure the seating in this place fills up fast, so you have to get there early if you wan't a spot but there are plenty of outlets and lots of places to choose from so if you get a spot it is a nice place to just sit for a while. Free wifi is great too, especially when AirPennNet doesn't work or you don't have access.Lovely service and atmosphere, but very bad coffee on both occasions I've tried it. The first time I got drop coffee. It was acrid and thin, barely drinkable. I wanted to go back and let them know, in case it was just a bad batch, but I was running to a meeting. My colleague came to the meeting with a cup of the same and agreed that it was pretty terrible. I decided that a bad batch of drip can happen to anyone and that I'd give them another go. I got an americano and found it again to be sour and thin. Sometimes acidic can be nice, especially when it's fruity, but that was not the case here. The price was a full 50% higher than Metropolitan's very good americano (Starbucks too). Gia pronto next door also has excellent espresso at a good price.
I will keep an eye on them and may give them another shot since I hate leaving a negative review for a new local place. Lovely people and I wish them the best, but they've really got to get the coffee sorted out - especially if they are going to charge so much more than the competition.HubBub is my go-to study spot if I want a place to sit and enjoy a quality cappuccino. The ambience is pretty nice - just be prepared for afternoons and weekends, when the café becomes packed with college students.Lol! They've been playing Drake the whole time i've been here.
Very college-y feeling...
The cold brew is fantastic though :)Very strong espresso! It was quite smooth (smoother than other espressos I've had) but also had a strong, almost overwhelming bitter taste. Really cool, modern interior. Hipster, and popular spot for Penn college students. Not a lot of power outlets though (only in the very back). And it's nearly always crowded, so it can be hard to get tables.I'm not a coffee drinker, so I'm limited to tea and cold drinks when I meet friends at a cafe. I once ordered a chai latte at HubBub and my soul died a little inside as I watched them remove the carton from the fridge and pour it into my cup, I paid around $3 for it. The TAZO chai latte runs for 4 bucks for the entire carton; needless to say I was severely bummed. I most recently opted for a hibiscus iced tea, which was very refreshing. It can get very crowded during peak times, but HubBub is a nice place to catch up with friends now and then.Coffee is ok. Not amazing. My main rub is the customer service. Baristas are not very friendly and almost have a bit of a snobbish attitude. You're a barista making mediocre coffee, not a brain surgeon. Drop the pretension.My 4 star rating is mostly attributable to the experience of just sitting in the coffee shop. Everything is beautiful. I've tried the cold brew, hot coffee and iced tea here. All are good! The wifi works really well, but it's hard to find a spot to sit. The pastries are tasty-- especially love the huge almond croissant.HubBub gives off a really nice, chill, and casual atmosphere that is great for getting some solid work done. I love coming here to study because HubBub offers a lot of spacious seating and long tables where you can enjoy a nice cup of coffee and talk with friends or meet those assignment deadlines. During exam periods, this place can get extremely packed, but there's usually one seat open if you're lucky enough and willing to squeeze in between some people. You'll be fine as long as you don't hit anyone with your backpack!
I've tried their house coffee and I really like it! Unfortunately, cappuccino tasted really bitter and burnt in my opinion. I even had my friends try it and they agreed. I've tried two different pour overs from here which was pretty good. The latte may be a better choice because it's the least bitter out of all the different drinks I've tried here, unless you like your coffee more on the bitter side of course. If not, definitely go with the house coffee! On the upside, I love the almond croissants though! Also, the baristas are really friendly and they're fast on getting your coffee/tea ready. 
Come here for a great and causal place to catch up with friends or to do work!This place has a cool set-up, and upon my husband's suggestion of going there I was happy to try it out. I ordered what I typically order from any coffee place, an iced chai latte, fully expecting it to be fresh brewed and awesome. Unfortunately it was literally the refrigerated boxed chai mix and whole milk, with way too much whole milk. I was actually quite surprised at their lack of detail to this normally delicious drink; I definitely expected more considering it took about 7 minutes for the barista to painstakingly pour small drips of water through the paper filter for my husband's Indonesia blend coffee (which he enjoyed, and that is the only reason for the two stars). I may go back to try an actual coffee drink but if chai is your thing you're better off going elsewhere.Nightmarish! Chaotic and simply for me.... Not worth the wait or the hassle. 
The espresso was meh... And on the super acidic side(which I personally dislike) the service is practically null because they are so overwhelmed that is very little that they can actually do. I think is time for this coffee Shop to put in an extra machine so that can take their time and deliver an excellent product. 
It's better than Starbucks and La Colombe I must say. But I don't think I'll be coming back again.Stopped by early morning to get some breakfast and the place was still empty - score!
I was jet lagged so I asked for earl grey tea with steamed low fat milk. The quality of the tea leaves were pretty good.
For food I got an everything bagel with cream cheese and a fruit cup with strawberry and blueberry. Not sure how fresh the fruit cup was though because by the middle of the day I noticed the fruits were moldy on top... Good thing I didn't really eat them! 
Service was fast and friendly. It seems like it would be a good place to just hang out since they have ample table and chairs.