The best hummus you will have in the US! Authentic Israeli food and excellent hummus, burkas and shakshuka   A casual place for lunch or quick bite after office. Service is great! A place not be missedReally great food. Ten items on the menu, all humus or humus based but creative and fun. Probably the best humus I've ever had and pretty authentic. Pretty good for groups for such a small place. Could use more drink selection, and there's even dessert.Cute little spot for lunch. Hummus is on point and delish.!  I would def come back again! Prefer here over Dizengoff. Service was excellent, greeted warmly and with a smile.This is no-frills, basic hummus place that delivers a great lunch for a good price. The hummus bowls are solid, delicious bowls with great ingredients and a great portion size. The mushroom bowl (#5) rivals anything from Dizengoff. The flavor's great, the mushrooms are plentiful, and the pita - which you can get in wheat, unlike Diz - is just right.As someone who never had hummus that wasn't store bought before, I was surprised at just how good and filling hummus can be! GREAT vegan options, yummy flavors, and awesome pita. Will definitely be going to Hummusology again :')The seating is open with view onto the gardens next to the restaurant. The windows allow for beautiful natural lighting. I ordered the Shroomed Hummuus. The hummus was fresh and had tons of flavor. You can definitely share it and be full from it. The pita bread is so fluffy and was perfect with the hummus.The hummus is excellent, tastes like what you would get on the streets of Jaffa. I actually prefer this over Dizengoff and it's a bit cheaper. Highly recommend!The hummus of your fantasies can't possibly live up to the smooth, mellow stylings at Hummusology. I will never put that Sabra stuff in my face again.This was a casual dinner that I had with my co workers. My friend who absolutely needs extra salt and pepper in every meal she has, loved her hummus. And my other co worker who is Israeli was a fan too. Good spicy food, with a lot of food for the price. It's a little run down but good nonetheless.Always fresh and consistently delicious. I was never into hummus till I tried hummusology. It is nothing like the store bought hummus that has become very popular recently. I think every item on their menu is fantastic, but my favorite is the vegetable hummus and the 2 eggs duet. Also their borekas are excellentDefinitely the best hummus in the city. Having lived in Israel for many years and experienced the authentic experience, this feels like home. Unpretentious and yummy, there's something for everyone. The sabich and the borekas and perfect for a smaller meal, but get any of the hummus platter options if you're really hungry! You won't regret it!If you're looking for authentic Israeli cuisine in Philadelphia, look no further than Hummusology! I went in last week after a couple of friends were raving about it and I was not disappointed. I ordered the vegetables rave hummus and a cheese bureka, both were delicious and I was blown away by the serving size. I will definitely be returning soon!Best Hummus in Philadelphia!
I love hummus and have tried all the local hummus places in Philadelphia. Found this one by mistake and it has by far the best hummus. Smooth and creamy. The fava been are great and they are using high quality tahini from Israel which makes the difference.  They made the hummus fresh while I was waiting so it was still warm.
ExcellentPlaced a delivery order at 8:25pm for 2 salads. Confirmation said delivery would be at 9:04pm. At 9:15pm I called the store with no answer. At 9:20pm I called Gubhub and they had no explanation except that they would refund my money. Awful service, if they were not able to make the delivery I should have been called instead of waiting and then having nothing to eat once the time got to late for other options.We ordered lunch catering for our 60-person office in the heart of Center City. I always tell restaurants to deliver half an hour earlier than needed, because nine times out of ten they are late. However the Hummusology guys were early! They set everything up beautifully and even stayed the extra 45 minutes to keep the hot food in insulated boxes until we were ready to eat. The two men who delivered were extremely friendly and accommodating. It was easy to tell that they truly care about the quality and presentation of the food. Everything was delicious and we had zero complaints from our occasionally tough-to-please crowd. I would highly recommend their corporate catering to anyone. Thanks again!Not familiar with this place, ordered to go bravely with help. I ordered the signature salad. Yum, sweet and crunchy and a bit of spice. The size of the salad is just right. Easy and refreshing light meal before a lecture in a very warm space. I will give a 5 star recommendation.Their hummus was to my liking. My preference is smooth & creamy & I am a fan of tahini so this was a great meal for me. They will definitely be added to my lunch spot rotation.Delicious! I got the hummus with shakshuka and substituted my pita for cucumber slices (their gluten free option). The food staff was polite and the restaurant very clean. Food came out quickly and I loved it! Will definitely go back to try more on the menu.This place is fast healthy and has well seasoned tahina. I've had it twice in two days. Less salty hummus than Dizengoff. Also like that they have heathy options like salad and whole wheat bread. I'd give it a five star if they had soft boiled eggs instead of hard. Would come back again!Great experience. Everything we ordered was absolutely delicious!!! Hummus with mushrooms was awesome and so was the burekas with cheese. The pitas were so fresh. I will def. be back.Holy crap. I'm not a huge hummus person but my vegan friend wanted to try it and I have to say THIS IS THE BEST THING I HAVE PUT IN MY MOUTH FOR A WHILE. The mushroom hummus was life. The owner was friendly and helpful.I ordered no. 3 on the menu for take out. I was impressed by the combination of the ingredients. It was just what I wanted, clean tasting food that's not too greasy or salty. It was served with warm pita bread. The bread was on the doughy side. Seems like they microwaved the bread so I skipped it. I was not impressed with the small israeli salad.  Its nothing but pickle and I'm not a pickle fan .  
The main meal was filling and I had it as my dinner and a th left over for snack the next day.This is the best hummus I've ever had. My parents live nearby and they never have food I can eat when I visit (I'm vegan) which is what brought me to try Hummusology. Before actually tasting my food I thought the price was expensive for what it was, but I regret ever thinking that. Not only does it usually last me at least two meals, (for a $12 veggie hummus plate) but its also delicious. I actually dream about this hummus when I am home in D.C.Hummusology is really good and authentic! I personally like them better than Dizengoff. The service they provided for our school event was really good also!Simply the best hummus after Israel. There's NO better place in Philadelphia to get hummus than Hummusology. The portion is perfect and it comes with salad and a pita. My only complaint is that you need to pay for more pitas ($1) but the selection is great. It's a very small place inside but the hummus is worth it. The staff was friendly and helpful. Definitely found my new lunch spot.The place is very cute and the staff is friendly. You pass a garden and can clearly taste how fresh everything is. The menu is small but you are full between the hummus, cucumber salad, and pita. I would suggest that you pay the extra dollar for more pita. I think the dish I had just was not for me (shroom hummus) and a little on the bland side. I would give it another try but order something different.I ordered the go hard or go home: hummus topped w fava bean spread, chickpeas, scallions, a hard-boiled egg and tahini.
I could have made two meals out of it but it was so tasty with their homemade hot sauce and unbelievably fluffy pita....I ate it all!
The staff are super nice, offering free tastes when you walk in and checking on you during your meal.  There is a bare bones but very clean seating area and spotless public restroom.  Eating before noon and eight people are already here.The place has a chipotle setup feel to it with the fast and prompt service. The counter is around the corner from the table set ups. There's a beautiful garden to face while you sit in to eat. 
I ordered number 6 with the shakshuka, which is the egg presented on top of the plate. I have to admit it was by far the best hummus I have ever tasted. As per the price and service, the range was $8-12 and Rahim was such a pleasant greeter. I am so glad my friend recommended me this place. I will definitely be back to try other items on the menu.Decor: It's a nice, casual, bright space, with cucumber water near the counter. Their takeout brown bags feel upscale for bags, although larger than they need to be for most people. 
Food: Not a ton of variation, but it's tasty. Hamshuka is supposed to have minced meat, but instead has egg. I'd be glad if I ate vegan though, I suppose. I tend to order the hamshuka (although I've gotten the veggie one before), and it makes great leftovers (I eat half and save the rest for the next day. The hummus with the green sauce on it makes it amazing, and the stewed tomatoes are also tasty. I don't know if they've rolled out the falafel yet, but when I had it, it was pretty dry and flavorless. You might as well go to a halal truck for your falafel and save a bunch of money, to be honest. 
Cost: Overpriced, in my option. If they dropped everything by $2, then I'd say it'd be where they should be. At least they have a loyalty program that's 1 free for every 10 visits (if you use the same card to swipe with).Enter this place without hummus expectations. I've had a fair share of hummus dishes in Philly (Dizengoff in particular), and some set the bar high. I was very satisfied by this place. Hummusology is in a league of its own. It's so much thicker and denser than any I've had before, including the pita. All of the flavors are there. The only thing my fish needs (and just about every time) is salt and extra paprika. Other than that, this is a FILLING meal. The hummus toppings vary. I get the veggie every time, although the shakshuka is delicious too.This place was great for a vegan like me, we had it for lunch and was so full we had to eat dinner after 9, lol. Nice spot with big glass wall overlooking a cute garden, highly recommend it!Great place to come for hummus! They have all sorts of toppings and the hummus can be served hot or cold. I tried the veggies one and there was a great assortment of grilled vegetables. The service was great and the manager was explaining their concept. They had also fresh baked falafels which he let me sample. It was crispy and fresh without being fried! I'd stop by here for again for a snack, but purely hummus for a meal wasn't  completely satisfying.Went here for lunch. Small-ish seating area. Terrific hummus! A tad on the blander side but great overall great taste and texture and definitely made fresh. On par with much that I had in Israel. Would like a slightly more varied menu but it isn't bad. Note they are completely vegetarian (except eggs). Overall, really enjoyed this place.I read reviews from people who said they checked out Hummusology and it was so good that they went back the very next day. I was hoping for a similar experience. I got the Vegetables Rave...seriously the best hummus plate I've ever had...and I've had a lot of hummus! The sweet potato was magic. The pita was like none other...super fluffy and actually sturdy, perfect to fill and eat like a sandwich! Not like that thin flimsy pita most places give you that rip or break the second you try to open it. I'm going back today to try something else...for the second time this week. It really is that good.Would give a zero....food tasted decent but I noticed the employee smoking a cigarette and then came in to serve a guest and didn't even wash his hands....ended up leaving cause it makes me wonder if he washed his hands prior to handling my food ...poor hygiene at its finestI'm a big hummus fan and Hummusology did not disappoint! This clean and affordable fast casual restaurant offers 12 different variations of delicious hummus dishes and a small coffee menu to choose from. 
I ordered the Go Hard or Go Home, which included creamy hummus, a pesto-like green sauce, and pureed fava beans all mixed together and topped with slices of hard boiled eggs, chickpeas, paprika, and tahini sauce. I could have done without the fava beans in this dish...while it didn't taste bad, the fava beans gave the dish an earthy and heavier flavor to the hummus, which I didn't think was really necessary. The hummus was already great on its own!
The meal also came with a fresh side salad and warm pita bread. The pita bread was not your average pita - this was thicker and a little bready, but so soft and perfect for dipping into the hummus. The entire meal did not seem like much food at first, but I was very comfortably full by the end of it.
Overall, this is a nice quick spot for lunch. Not to mention, vegetarian and vegan friendly as well!This place is a  quick and healthy lunch spot and I am pretty happy i discovered it because I am trying to eat less dairy. I've gotten a couple dishes - Sabich and Hamshuka. Both I devoured even though I told my tablemate I wasn't that hungry.The hummus was delicious, the staff was very friendly and the cafe style spot was clean and comfortable. At first glance I thought the hummus was slightly overpriced, but after I dug into my "shroomed" hummus (the one with mushrooms on top) I realized the portion was huge! It lasted me 3 separate snacks. I would recommend sharing one with a friend if you don't want left overs. 
The hummus was creamy and delicious. There was a wide array of toppings and I would love to try another. I ordered mine to go, so they recommended "cold" hummus, but they also serve it warm. The staff was very patient explaining the different options to me. In my to go bag I had a warm pita bread, napkins with a fork and a yummy little Greek style side salad. Thank you Hummusology!Best hummus in the city ! As Israeli I had my fare share of hummus plates in my life and this place serves authentic , fresh , delicious  hummus . I only tried the mushroom and vegetables options but I'm hooked . Also super quick delivery from UberEATSHummusology opened realtively recently and ive been meaning to check it out. The exterior has a very modern and trendy look into it. The food was AWESOME, but as the name of the restaurant implies, theyre all about the hummus so dont come here looking for anything else. They have a variety of different plates themed around hummus with different veggies and sides. Their pita is DELICIOUS. Pro tip, get more than one if youre a carb-hoarder like myself. 
Now for the FAPS breakdown.
Food - Hummus, bomb. Pita, bomb. Veggies, meh. I tried the vegetable rave and my compadre got the hamshuka. Between the two, I would recommend the hamshuka. Its spicier, had more flavor and well. the vegetable rave was a little bland (I swear Im not a veggie hater).
Ambiance - The restaurant is split in half, on the one side they have some seating for small groups and its a casual environment. On the other side of the wall is where the magic happens and where you can order your food. The man I met in the counter had a pretty strong accent and seemed to wear the pants around the restaurant, he was friendly and even offered to let me try some of the menu items before ordering! Free hummus and Niceness is always a +++
Price - $$ - expect to spend at the very least 10 dollars here, which for hummus is kind of on the higher side, but it is damn good. 
Service - As I mentioned earlier, the guys running the place are super friendly and helpful if youre feeling a lost with all the bountiful hummus options. See if theyll let you try something before you order!As an Israeli native, I've been super disappointed with the hummus in the U.S. This place changes everything. Best hummus I've tasted on American soil. The place is cute, and perfectly located in the heart of the city. The atmosphere and service are impeccable as well. Will be back soon!!I've been wanting to go here for a long time so I had really big expectations. I've never had fresh hummus before, so I was really excited. The seating area is separate from the ordering area. The decorations on the wall were beautiful. On a Sunday morning, we were the only ones there. The workers were incredibly nice and offered a quick run down of the menu. We ordered "Wicked hummus from the west" with an extra pita. It was more than enough for two people. The Hummus comes with a little salad and one pita. We asked for extra peppers because the spice complements the hummus. They also have lemon water which was delicious. Would be better cold, though. The seating area could use a little cleaning. There were spills on the floor and sticky tables. Other than that,  I loved it.Aside from the fresh delicious hummus and friendly staff, I really like the variety of hummus toppings they offer, it's vegetarian and if you want to go vegan, then skip the egg and they accommodate for anyone gluten/wheat allergies and can't have the pita by replacing it with fresh lengthwise cucumber slices (and not just one or two slices, but the entire cucumber!). Other places who offer a similar type of concept (humus only) eateries don't have other options or won't let you substitute...so you're just out of luck. The other best part is that you can get a side of the 'hot sauce'(I think it's green chili), to add as you like spicy flavor-I'm glad they don't do that from the get-go b/c everyone has a different palette and this way you can decide how spicy/hot you want it. This place is the exception and I plan to make it my go-to humus stop!Anyone who has the audacity to compete with Dizengoff about their hummus, will surely find me being a judge of that. This small place is tucked away and was formerly known as "Cake and Beanstalk" cafe before it was bought out. 
Honestly, I was quite pleased with the service and consistency of the hummus. Smooth, creamy, and rich in sesame nuttiness. Very generous quantity so you can be assured of being full. The vegetables and toppings were what appealed to me the most due to its freshness and variety - in particular the sweet potatoes and brussel sprouts. Only downside was... no meat option. Don, don, don- so be warned meat lovers.Amazing hummus restaurant! Hummusology is in the space my beloved favorite cafe/bakery Cake and the Beanstalk used to be so it took me a while to finally check this place out. With the closure of the Hummus Grill, my former hummus go-to, I was in desperate need of a hummus place. Little did I know the deliciousness that was to come. I've been here twice, once on my own and once with the Yelp Elite promotion here. I also tried some of their catering at a school event yesterday. Everything I've tried from here has been phenomenal. The pitas are soft, warm, and filling. What is there to be said about the hummus? It is literally the perfect taste and so smooth and creamy. Each combination I've tried being absolutely excellent and flavored to perfection. My favorite is the "Go Hard or Go Home" due to the fava beans (not easy to find in restaurants here!) plus hard bolied egg. One plate can easily provide two meals. The only thing I haven't liked is the vegetables they give you on the side... they are too pickle-tasting for me and I usually don't eat them. I live very close and look forward to coming here again frequently in the future. 5/5I was very excited to try this new restaurant, so I was a little disappointed because the hummus was really bland and they top it with more tahini which doesn't help.  The vegetables were good and the bread was very fresh, warm, and soft.   I don't think I'll go back again because I really don't like bland hummus at all.  I'm going to go to Dizengoff because they are so good.I'm not normally one to consider hummus a full out meal. I tend to eat it as a snack or light brunch/lunch treat. So when I was yelping good spots for lunch in the area, and a hummus spot popped up I skeptically figured I would give it a try.
I ordered the Vegetables Rave and couldn't have been happier. The roasted veggies were soft, delicious, and flavorful. There was a generous dollop of tahini and some very tasty green sauce. The chickpeas were soft but weren't just mush. The pita that came with my order was fluffy, soft, warm, and awesome.
Needless to say, I left Hummusology with plans to return and sample more of the menu! If you're in the area, it's a really terrific spot.As others have noted, bland. A serving will feed you twice, if you get another pita. But the pita is not that good. Fluffy but flavorless. And the "salad" is bland as well. For the price,  you should just go to Zahav.I heart  this place, it's the best hummus I've eaten!!! The food is fresh and flavors are delicious. I highly recommend getting the go hard/go home hummus! Massive 'Thank you' to Chefs Charles and Anwar for the excellent food, friendly service and accommodating my food sensitivities; it means so much to me!!!I ordered from hummusology last weekend and it was so much better than I could have imagined. We ordered the shashuka hummus (has some kick to it) and grilled veggie hummus. Each one can feed about 2 people. The pita was amazing. I wish I ordered extra. We had lots of leftovers. Will absolutely order from here again.Ive ordered off of UberEATS and also have sat down to eat here. Both experiences were incredible! I've gotten Vegetables Rave both times and it was DELICIOUS. The vegetables went so well with the creamy hummus and pita. As much as I love Dizengoff, I may have to admit to it being a tie. If you're a fan of hummus or just good food in general, stop by and see for yourself!I feel like I am missing something here. I decided to come here after reading so many positive Yelp reviews and wanted to see for myself what the hubbub was all about! There is a beverage cooler with mini Naked juice bottles for $3, bottled water for $1.50, and mineral water for $2.50. It was edible but the vegetable rave was a little bland (I swear Im not a veggie hater). a pair of older women ate their food and the staff asked how they liked it. I  was sad to see Cake and the Beanstalk go, but Don't throw out silverware!Not very impressed and not worth the walk. My wife had a taste for hummus and her cousin posted a picture earlier in the day from here. From the pictures the food looked great. Once we got here we ordered hummus, the sabich and potato borekas. The hummus was not like normal hummus.  First it was warm, which I didn't really like. The pita however was good. The hummus had an odd taste, maybe it was too much tahini but it had a nutty flavor. The sabich was an interesting combination of ingredients. Not much taste except the overpowering hummus. The potato borekas, were great. I would get them again but I won't be coming back. The hummus left a weird taste in our mouths and we had to find something to get it out. Good thing there is an ice cream shop across the street. Next time we will go to Dizengoff or Goldie. Michael Solomonov has the market cornered when it comes to Israeli food.Best hummus I ever had!! First time coming into the restaurant I noticed how clean and open it was. There are a lot of small tables as well as stools by the window for seating. There were so many choices on the menu. I ended up picking the cheese bureka. A bureka is a crispy puff pastry with a filling inside. Staff were very friendly and the service was great. My food came out quickly. The bureka came straight out of the oven and it came with a side of hummus with a boiled egg on top and a side salad with some mixed pickled vegetables. The bureka was really delicious. It was hot, crispy, and flaky. The hummus was superb.. I never had any hummus that was that rich and smooth. The meal was well worth my money.. It was very delicious and filling. I am definitely coming back for more! :DThis place was fan-freaking-tastic. I was hungry and strolling around when I walked past this and it was an instant connection to my heat and my stomach. Friendly staff and nice atmosphere. The food was a good portion. I've been all around the world and had never seen somthing so unique and satisfying.Absolutely the best hummus I've tasted in America- period!
Such authentic flavors.
The hummus served warm as it should be and it's simply perfect. So happy Philly finally has a real hummus place.Absolutely delicious! I ordered the shakshuka over hummus with wheat pita and loved every bite. The tomato sauce had a nice kick to it and the hummus had a wonderful nutty flavor. Aesthetically I found the dish to be nicely plated.
Compared to their obvious competitor I would say that this hummus has a bolder flavor. Toppings-wise I prefer the competitor. All things considered, I find them to be equally delicious and satisfying.I have not had good hummus outside of Israel for ages. I think maybe never. 
Until I got to hummusology, anyway. I had the humshooka, which is an egg-tomato dish on top of the warm, creamy hummus. It was delicious. The pita bread was freshly baked, the salad was fresh and well seasoned. I was there with good friends and we enjoyed the great vibes, music, awesome service and great food. 
Will definitely come back again!!Hummusology overwhelms you with the flavors and options you can spice their classic hummus up with. All hummus options come with one pita, Israeli salad, and a generous portion of hummus/what is on the menu. The cashier/cook was very friendly and knowledgeable of different health trends and great at recommending sides and which hummus to choose from out of their plentiful options. Additionally, there are falafel sandwiches and salads with roast veggies if you're feeling something other than hummus.
The only two reasons I'm docking off a star is that A) the hummus I got, the mushroom one, tasted a little bland even with a side of falafel and the salad that comes with the hummus. I think that must have partially been because I took it to go instead of eating there (it is a charming little restaurant with the entrance through the seating area) due to time constraints. The cashier even warned me hummus with warm additions like the mushroom one doesn't keep as well. Next time I'll make sure to stay and eat the hummus in person!
B) the cashier was awesome in recommending falafel and asking if I wanted extra pita, but I didn't know how much extra that was and if the pita itself was extra until he added more to my total. It wasn't deliberately sneaky on his part I just felt like I could have been informed a little better. I don't think hummusology charges exorbitant prices, however, so this is not a big complaint as you definitely get your money's worth with these generously sized portions of everything-from the falafel patty to the hummus to the delicious chewy pita bread.This was my first visit and I thoroughly enjoyed it!
First off service was phenomenal. Both gentleman working were very professional, friendly and kind and even offered us a free pita on the house because we were there for probably over an hour chatting/ munching on hummus -- so nice of them!
The price is a little steep, $10-12 per dish, but it will most definitely fill you. As others have said, it comes with a side of pickles and other vegetables. 
My partner and I shared the Vegetable raves and Shroom Hummus, both of which were great. The vegetables included eggplant and roasted cauliflower which were delicious and the shroom is perfect if you're a mushroom lover.
Overall, I'd say this is a no frills nothing fancy but well done hummus place.
Compared to Dizengoff? I'd say at least equal, I wouldn't rate one above another.Food was awesome! Freshly Made and delicious. Restaurant ambient was nice. Friendly staff was a plus point. I would like strongly suggest to visit this restaurant. And I would love to have food here again and again!Waited over a month to come here after a friend recommended it to me. I LOVE HUMMUS! I came with a friend, and we both agree that this was the best hummus we've had before. I couldn't decide what I wanted and they offered to let me sample, but ultimately I asked them to just decide for me. 
The #2 Vegetables Rave hummus was amazeballs! So creamy and flavorful with the roasted sweet potato, zucchini, cauliflower, eggplant, and bell peppers + tahini + green pesto. So inspiring...I must try more! My friend got the Hamshuka, which I also loved. I got a wheat pita while my friend got a white pita, it was fluffy like a pillow. Such a wonderful experience and worth waiting for. 
We enjoyed the meal so much and the music was so good--can we talk about the 3 Bose speakers throughout the restaurant? We gave the guys feedback afterwards and one of them said his grandma would be proud, so maybe there was a family recipe for hummus? Gotta find out the full story the next time I go.Well the people are very nice and the service is fast but the food is meh...the salad is dry and too plain, humus is tastless, I had to add a lot of spice to make it eatable. It's breaking my heart to give three stars because the people working here are very friendly but taste matters most, sorry!My friend and I went to Hummusology for brunch and had a great meal. The brunch deal is great and can feed 2-3 people. The meal comes with generous servings of hummus, I recommend the Hamshuka, it's warm and creamy. I have a gluten allergy and the staff was very accommodating and friendly. The clean space is authentic and I would recommend it to anyone for a quick bite to eat there or to go.I was in the area randomly and decided to try the restaurant out. As I was looking at the menu, the owner offered me a sample. The hamshuka sample he gave me was amazing and I was convinced to order it! I had some of the hummus leftover and wanted to take it home. The chef kindly packed it for me and gave me an extra pita for free! This place definitely rivals Dizengoff, and in my opinion, Hummosology is definitely more creative with their toppings/hummus combinations. I also like how Hummosology is open a little longer in the evening in comparison to Dizengoff. Great customer service! Definitely a must try!I had their hummus at a party and couldn't believe how good and fresh it was so I had to go and pick some up myself. I got the Classico and the mushroom which is now my absolutely favorite. The consistency is similar to that of mashed potatoes which makes it even better. It's also served warm with pita bread and pickled veggies and for that reason I don't think I can ever go back to Sambra or any other store bought hummus. I from out of town so I'll definitely stock up whenever I'm in town.
Also the young lady cashier was very warm and welcoming with a pleasant smile. She was very quick and helpful, this all made for a great experience and I can't wait to go back!Extremely disappointed. 
I really enjoy dizengoff and had high hopes for Hummusology. The hummus had a odd consistency and it didn't taste like there was enough chick peas in it. One of the things I love about dizengoff is the warm and fluffy pita. The pita at Hummusology was slightly colder than room temp and wasn't  soft. The Vegetables that came with the meal were good - wish they were more pickled. 
For the price, which is equivalent to dizengoff, I expected more. Will not return in the future. A few more blocks, I could've walked to dizengoff. 
Also the water with cucumber tasted old - wasn't crisp almost slimy.We went to Hummusology today. The place is cute, clean and the staff is so nice. The food was fabulous; yummy, healthy, fresh and nutritious. 
It was Passover and they gave us matzah instead of Pita Bread.
I would definitely recommend  this establishment and would return myself if the opportunity presents itself.Enjoyed Brunch here on Sunday around 1 pm:
excellent value, really easy to get to. $27 for turkish coffee, pastry, and hummus with pita or cucumber, for 2 people. That's 2 bowls of hummus, the potato or cheese pastry, two little salads, and coffee! All portions were extremely generous- the brunch could have easily fed 3 or 4. 
Tried the falafel as well. Nice little pancake of falafel that fit easily into the pita. 
The potato pastry was really good, you could see the lamination, and the hummus was creamy. The tomato-hummus was excellent, and I highly recommend mixing in the salad with the hummus and falafel in a pita. This brings the flavors more so than if you just try to eat the hummus and pita straight. 
Atmosphere was quiet, quick service and very helpful staff. The windows and lighting made the small dining area feel wide open and large. 
Takeaways: 
* get the hummus with tomato added, it was much more flavorful than the plain-jane hummus/boiled egg on top hummus!
* Mix the little salad with your hummus and pita 
* Sunday brunch is literally an incredible value! Feeds really 3-4 people, though it says for 2.GREAT!  Fresh, tasty, and healthy vegetarian food.  I'm not a vegetarian, but am totally delighted with the wonderful cuisine here.  The service is friendly and kind.  I hope that they do well! I've been there about 5 times since they've opened -  it's absolutely excellent!  The pita - - moist, spongy, warm.  YUM!  M'TZUYAN!Went into Hummusology on a recent trip to Philly. It's a quiet little storefront with tons of seating and a simple but, great hummus / Israeli menu.
The food: the hummus was great, properly oiled and spiced. A good fresh taste and fluffiness for home made Hummus. There are a few options to choose from and tons of ways to sub and create your own bowl.
The space was great, good music playing, really nice staff.
 So, why 4/5?
The Israeli salad was wilted and the presentation could have been a little nicer. Some tables were dirty and it was not busy so, could have easily been cleaner inside. I wouldn't prevent that from me coming back, the kitchen looked very clean ( it's an open layout) and the food tasted great.I was intrigued by the idea of veg only place. They mostly have Salad options but most salad descriptions were similar. We ordered Shamukala salad and Tomota and egg salad.  Both salads tasted similar. The hummus was ok, mostly tahini. Tahini was good. The food was already prepared like Chipotle. All they did was mix n match based in what you order. The place has limited seating, mostly good for take outs. Do not expect any special ambience. I think they are on yelpeats too. Food portions were good for one person. Most menu items were $10-$13. Overall, it was an OK experience.I absolutely love Hummusology! I want to buy their Pita Bread and Hummus in bulk. I eat here at least once a week and would highly recommend the Hamshuka and Shroomed Hummus! I see some people complaining about cost but you get the quality and quantity you pay for. 
I can't say enough good things about this place check it out for yourself!My friend and I only went once so far. We are hummus lovers. Unfortunately, we were both somewhat disappointed. The hummus was lacking acidity/lemon and tasted too nutty. It might not be fair since they have just opened but we clearly had Dizengoff in mind when we went there.If you are looking for a pita, hummus tahini, or a baba kanoosh then this is the spot for you!. Looking for heathy substitute, no fat people here!.Yum, yum, yum, delicioso! The two guys who operate this place are great. This was our first visit and they were very nice and allowed us to taste test a couple of dishes. Everything was good, we decided on the Hamshuka and Sabich. I LOVED my Hamshuka! It was flavored perfectly with homemade hummus, grilled veggies, chickpeas, herbs and olive oil. Everything tasted so fresh. The Sabich was good, but i think it was missing something. The side Israeli salad was delectable, I could've gone for another serving. While there the chef was trying his hand at garlic pita chips & they were perfectly. I can't wait to return to try some other items on the menu.This hummus place is great! Everything is fresh and delicious. Reasonably priced too. And the folks who work there are very friendly. We will be making this a regular stop.SO GOOD. Highly recommend. I almost ordered a plate with less hummus (#7) and the person taking my order told me about #6 that was similar to #7 but had more hummus. The pita was soft and fresh. Reasonable price for an amount of food that left me stuffed and I still had leftovers!This hummus is excellent.  The restaurant is totally vegetarian. They do serve eggs.  We were very happy.I happened to be in center city with a friend and was unsure of where to go for food. So I opened the Yelp app and up pops this restaurant. I've never ate hummus before so I figured I'd give it a shot. As we walked in the place was very clean, spacious and the service was excellent! I mentioned to the cashier that I've never ate hummus before and she was very helpful in answering any questions that I had plus she knew her stuff. The wait time for the food was very short and it was delicious! I highly recommend this place even for first timers. It's going to be a decent experience.