Great burger and Mac n cheese - could have done without the young man returning from what I assume was a break from his shift - using foul language in front of me and my 7 year old daughter in regards to his not wanting "to go back in there."Looks promising but lackluster for me. 
I read this was something of a staple by other Yelpers so when my parents and I came to the Market, we tried this for lunch. For a 2pm lunch on a weekday, we got the food quick enough and were just able to find a nearby table. We each got different burgers. I went with the Yo!ked burger. Mine and the other burgers were incredibly greasy! They were wrapped in two wrappers for the grease. The meat was decent but nothing really wow. 
We also ordered a large fry. Split among 4 people, it was enough but I noticed our cup was 1/3 empty compared to the ones on display. I didn't care for the fries; they seemed under cooked. 
Overall bill for 4 people was $44 and change. At least part of their profits go to help feed the hungry.
Next time: I might try an early lunch and see if that improves the quality.Variety of burger offerings, with the patty and the burger itself much in the style of Shake Shack, but with more toppings and more choices.  Easy choice if you're hankering for a burger. Single patty is on par for the same size as Shake Shack.  I would call this Shake Shack with options.
Fries are nothing to write home about. Burger won't blow you out of the water, but it's decent and worth the caloric intake should you feel inclined.  However, in the sea of dining that is the Reading Terminal, you may want to take a longer look about before you settle in.I would never mess up a good burger with mac and cheese, fries are the only sensible accompaniment for a good burger.  Hunger burger has great fries, hands down period, great fries.  They have a subtle crunch too them and they are always hot but not greasy.  This place always has a line in front of it so you can see its popularity.
Now for the burgers.  I had a single hunger burger with everything including pickles.  The burger was freshly made using recently ground beef.  No preformed frozen patties here.  I thought it was a solid but relatively unremarkable cheeseburger.  The bun was a limp greasy mess.  The special sauce was pretty tasteless but the tomato, lettuce and crunchy pickles added some pop to an otherwise average burger overall.  Highlights, fries, fresh toppings and fresh ground beef.  Someone said it was like a Wendy's burger.  Sorry but Wendy's does not even compare to the Hunger Burger!  The only reason it gets a 3 is because the bun was a hot mess and kinda drooped because it was so soggy.  I know that sounds gross but don't overlook this place just because their buns kinda suck.  The rest of the meal was really good.  If you want a burger at the Terminal, this is where you get it.What a great concept! Not only do the proceeds go to those less fortunate. To say I'm obsessed with the chicken breast sandwich is an understatement! I get the siracha aioli instead of ranch. Nice selection of fresh salads. If you're looking for creamy mac and cheese, theirs is decent for a fast food concept. The only battle is when there is a long line and you are starving (it's in Reading terminal so I've come to just anticipate it's). I may need to now order delivery after writing this ha!Nothing like 5 Guys or Shake Shack; a damn good burger.
Other reviewer's reviews are crap; seriously.
This place is clean (you watch them clean the grill after each burger), the portions are plentiful, and the staff is trendy/cool and nice.
I had a great meal here and you can taste how fresh and clean it was.
I recommend the sweet potato fries and pineapple chutney dipping sauce.Hunger burger was a new burger spot that was on my list for a while now.
Located in the Reading Terminal I've always seem to be at the terminal
on Sundays when they're closed. Or when I'm there but not hungry.
Today I finally got the Unicorn for a old-new burger place to check off my list. I happened to be down there during the week and I needed a little morning burger snack, cause who the heck doesn't.
Feeling a little peckish so me and the wife decided to split the Philbert.
Not sure how this place operates when the terminal is at its peak lunch rush cause we had it when it was mid morning and they still were slow with only two people prior to us.
It came out hot albeit a little messy the flavor was decent.
For a double burger it was definitely way too small especially for the $11 they charge. It certainly didn't tickle my bum for a next time.
Can't figure out why the bun became incredibly mushy so fast from grabbing it to eating it. It definitely was reminiscent of a Shake Shack Burger which is far superior.
At least I finally got to try it and I don't begrudge it, but the price is certainly on the higher side.Ahhahahaha another attempt at an American classic - but my opinion a failure.  Nothing special about this spot its really not cheap and greasy.  I'd put then whopper against them any day.I came here because:
1) the line was shorter for this place 
2) the amount of Mac and cheese is noticeable and looked tasty
3) reading terminal market is overwhelming and when I can't decide what type of food I am feeling, I resort to what I know.
I got the lobster Mac and cheese and it was just meh. There are two different serving size you can buy - the smaller cup cost me $10 something? A little pricey for what it is worth. I've had better and I've had worst Mac and cheese. Overall, I thought the cheese was too funny and there wasn't enough Flavor. I wish there was more lobster bits and a lobster flavor. This just didn't come together for me.
My sister got the regular Mac and cheese and it pretty much sucked. The noodles were way over cooked and there just wasn't any flavor in this one. It seems like their food isn't consistent.
And for some reason, there wasn't a line when I went to order, but it took me 15 minutes to get my Mac and cheese! Not sure if they had to-go orders or something but it took quite long. Especially since they had some employees just standing around doing nothing as I waited for my order.The menu and food looked wonderful but the customer service was TERRIBLE! I paid over $30 for a burger, small drink and lobster Mac and cheese and didn't even get a hello, thank you or smile from the cashier or the person that handed me my bag. Everything was delicious but a little customer service a long way. (Also...this is in Reading Terminal, so friendlier staff, cheaper and equally delicious food can be found all over.Probably the best cheese burger I've ever eaten. Only regret is not ordering the Lobster Mac N Cheese, looked delicious!!Best turkey burger I have ever had. It wasn't just some sloppy sad frozen patty like most places. It was fresh ground turkey.  Great experience!I think I just had my favorite burger in Philly - a Coopburger; I didn't think to take a pic of my burger before I devoured it but it was sooo good! The burger was flavorful and cooked to perfection and the bun was toasted on the inside... if you come here, be prepared to wait a few minutes as the burgers are cooked to order and this place is in Reading Terminal (which means lots of people)... But, it's worth the wait!This place is absolutely amazing!! My boyfriend and I went here about a month or so ago and it was the best burger I have had. We also got some chili cheese fries, they were better without the toppings though! I definitely wished I tried the mac and cheese because it looked amazing. I'll most definitely be back on my cheat day to find something new :) I think they aren't open on Sunday!I haven't tried the food here. I was about to get in line until I saw a woman prepping raw chicken next to open salad display. Then watched as she finished using tongs to move the raw chicken from the cutting board to a container, proceeded to "rinse" the tongs and place in the salad container. Can anyone saw food poisoning?The only reason I am giving two stars instead of one is because everyone there was very nice and personable.  The service is not the issue, it's the product. Maybe I had the wrong idea going to a burger place  as a vegan, but I don't think a place should offer a veggie friendly option if they're not prepared to make it worthwhile. I ordered the portobello burger, which was supposed to be a portobello cap stuffed with veggies, and the menu offers the option of having it in a bowl instead of on a bun, so I opted for that too. Any other place I've seen this option puts the burger over greens or *something* ... this place just gives it to you in a soup cup (I requested the lettuce in mine, see photo) Now for the burger itself. I paid close to $8 for the saddest mushroom cap I've ever seen and an inch thick layer of flavorless goop. "Stuffed"?! This mushroom cap was flat and thin and I didn't even know it was there until I was almost a quarter way through the goop. Disgusting!!! Very unhappy that I wasted my money here.These are not the best burgers around, but they do make some decent fries, salads, sides, and who can go wrong when your ice cream shakes are made from Bassetts ice cream?
Personally, I'm a fan of the Farm Fresh Salad - field greens, romaine & iceberg lettuce, hard boiled egg, applewood-smoked bacon, onion ring (these really make the salad sing!), red onion, blue cheese crumbles & buttermilk ranch dressing.  The burgers are made to order and too thin to get them cooked to your temperature...too busy to do it that way, too.  All the versions are good and filling.
It's nice to know the owners are donating daily proceeds to charity.My wife & I were looking for a quick bite in Reading Terminal Market, and we noticed the Hunger Burger had a line, so it must be good, right? While I grabbed a couple of chairs the wife ordered me a turkey burger and  herself a chicken burger with Feta & Spinach.
After our order arrived I noticed that there was cheese on the burger, so I took it back to the counter person, who asked for the receipt and said "no, you ordered with cheese". I replied that it was a mistake because my wife knows never to order anything for me with cheese. I understand that to order any meat sandwich without cheese in Philly is heresy, so I could easily forgive such a mistake. However, rather than apologize, the counter person  gave me the evil eye and grunted, although she did make a new burger. But I was made to feel guilty about it. Therefore, a 1-star for attitude.
As for the food, my revised burger was adequate, but nothing special- more like a MacDonald's : squished roll,   flat slab of meat. My "spicy fries" were cold and limp, although plentiful. My wife complained that her Feta/Spinach Chicken burger had neither feta nor spinach; when she asked the counter person about that she was told that it's all ground-in when it's being cooked (is that a Philly thing?!). Anyway, it's not what my wife expected.
The only thing that came out just right was our bottled water, which was cold!Well my review is only base on the lobster mac and chz.. i was really surprise on how good this mac and chz was. Your able to really see the bits of lobster in the generous size serving. A lot of good quality chz was used and the curly pasta was perfection.. this is another must try in the reading terminal market..All around terrific! A must try. Burger shakes fries lobster Mac and cheese. Yummy!  It's as good as it looks. I will be back!I was drawn in by the modern design, and then by the fancy looking menu.
Bello Burger sounded good, but it was a pretty small and sad burger for $8. "Veggie burger-stuffed portobello mushroom & Gruyere cheese sauce"
It was wrapped like a whopper, probably would be a better presentation if it wasn't wrapped that way. Since it's still fast food, a box maybe? It wouldn't be as flat and disappointing. The flavor was somewhat there--but overall I'd rather eat at one of the other restaurants in the terminal.
The workers were nice and friendly.The food was good. The thing about the terminal on a Sat. Is SITTING SUCKS. It's loud, ppl are walking into each other. It's hard to enjoy what you've purchased. They have some tasty spots. So come prepared to wait, dodge & bump your way around. Come early if your food shopping. This place gets crowded in the summerOh. My. God. It was greasy and messy and AMAZING. My burger had mushrooms, cheese, fried onions & very fresh tomatoes. So. Good.Peanut butter shake and small lobster Mac and cheese is all you need in your life!  The small was a huge portion. Total was $17Decent burgers for a good price and a good cause. We tried this place yesterday after following the hype leading up to their opening.  
My husband and I each had the basic Hunger Burger (beef patty, american cheese, lettuce, tomato and "HB Sauce"), and shared fries and onion rings. 
The burgers are my preferred "fast food" size, served on a nice soft bun and were cooked pretty perfectly with just a hint of red in the middle.  Loved the HB sauce which looked to be fancy sauce aka mayo and ketchup mixed together.
Loved the onion rings and my only issue would be that the fries could've been seasoned more. 
This burger will not replace my favorite in the city but is definitely tasty and Hunger Burger is a great addition to the RTM variety of food stalls.I had come across this place, probably on here, just before a trip to Philly, so we thought we would give it a shot. I'm somewhat familiar with the RTM, so we got there after the lunch rush and there was no line and plenty of seating. I had the Philbert Burger, my girlfriend the Hunger Burger and we shared a small Lobster Mac 'n' Cheese. This was a pretty good burger, but essentially a more expensive  Shake Shack clone. The mac was good too, creamy and with enough lobster in it to be satisfying. They apparently support a good cause also, so this would be a place I would come back to.A colleague and I came here for a grab-and-go lunch before heading to the train station. We collectively ordered a Hunger Burger, Mediterranean salad with chicken, lobster Mac & cheese, a cookies & cream shake, a salted caramel shake, and sweet potato fries. 
The Hunger Burger was good. The tomatoes were a little stringy (you know, those tomatoes that come off the burger when you bite into it) but otherwise good. I like the burger sauce as well. The sweet potato fries were pretty soft and not crunchy, how I normally like them, but they were otherwise fine. My salted caramel shake sans chocolate swirl was also fine. My colleague loved her lobster mac & cheese, salad, and shake.
The cashier forgot to ring up the Mac and cheese the first time, so she later asked to run my card again. No big deal, although we had to return to the other side of the line again to get our bottled water. 
On the whole, it's a good stop in Reading Terminal.Truthfully, the food was just meh. For the price, I actually expected more from the burger. I got the Yolk burger, fried egg included, and it was cooked completely thru :/.  I got a salad and it was soggy and completely wilted. Way too much money for the food and for a city covered in "gourmet" burger places.Lobster Mac n cheese is worth the $10.95 and the burgers are excellent too! We tried the Hunger Burger and the Fun Guy Burger. Service was fast, friendly and the food is fresh and made to order. We love coming to the Reading Terminal whenever we visit Philly. Now we know where to get the best Mac n cheese. Kudos to the "parties with a purpose" also, it's great to see them participating in positive efforts to end world hunger.Was craving for a burger... And got a burger. I ordered the regular burger with cheese and a side of onion rings. But first, I'd like to mention that the cashier was a bit rude. My sister and I didn't know where the end of the line was (there were big groups) and she got an attitude with my sister and I, telling us that we weren't in line. The burger was greasy (yet so good) so I didn't mind at all. Onion rings were huge and reminded me of the ones from Burgerfi (across the street). I'd love to come back and try their shakes on a warmer day!Really good burgers...quick service despite coming during prime lunch hours. Fries good too. Would highly recommend. Only down side is trying to find a seat at the marketplace during lunch.This was a good motherfucking burger! I'm glad I hit up this spot for lunch. The burgers were so good and the mac n cheese was yummy. I wish I could have some more :)simply amazing burger. I had the mac and cheese bacon burger It was delicious I take that place over shake shack anyday my only regret was not trying the milkshake def need more locationsThis burger place is very similar to nearest city's Shake shack or any of those gourmet food fast style restaurants. The meet is absolutely delicious and it seems to be a mixed blend of quite a few different Beef cuts and they are blended fantastically lots of flavor not to truly not to lean absolutely delicious burgers are priced very well very competitively the fries are really good and the line is usually down the hall I highly recommend you try one of these burgers if you're in the mood for a burger just be prepared to waitAfter a long day at work... (only had like a power bar for lunch) was lured to this corner for a quick burger and their gloriously lookin Mac n cheese (who doesn't love burgers and Mac n cheese w/lobster at that!).
Now here's the issue:
While the line to the registrar was relatively quick.. they lose a star for me on their delivery and service.  In a congested environment like the terminal you can't ask us to push down the line while we wait.  This is the TERMINAL!!  Where are we supposed to stand?? We could barely hear you calling out our order #!!
Now while I understand I did order my burger at rush hr (5pmish), they had not only ran out of their milk shake but basic necessities (condiments and utencils!!).  When they finally hollered out my name, they even had forgotten to provide napkins!  I asked for it nicely and they're like it's in the bag...  wouldn't be asking had I not already checked!
The Burger (fun guy): 
Sorta reminiscent of five guys w/o their sauce.  Meat itself was relatively good but problem was when I finally had the chance to eat it (5mins later), the bread was soaked in grease and mushroom juice...  Tried to overlook it and finished it up but... it was a was a soakin mess.. thank goodness I doubled checked for napkins!
Mac n cheese:
(Outta desperation..ate it w/the lid!!)
It was bland which I didn't mind but wasn't cheesy nor lobster-y enough for $10! 
Bottom line: 
I normally would place a review after trying out an establishment few more times... but not sure if I'll be going back here anytime soon...Took one bite of the most disgusting mushroom burger I've ever had and returned it. Would never recommend to anyone especially because there are so many amazing places to eat in Reading Terminal Market. Service was also quite slow considering they're only making burgers. Cashier seemed angry at everyone. Can't speak to the other menu items I only tried the "Bello Burger" and it was trash.Hunger Burger succeeds at everything - excepting, unfortunately, the eponymous burger. It's not a bad burger, by any means, the Fun Guy. It's simply a burger. At half the price, I'd take it happily as a good deal, but 6.75 is too rich for my blood. Which sucks, because everything around the burger is good. The shakes are thick, the fries are fresh and crispy, the Mac and cheese is creamy -- but this is Reading Terminal. Too pricey for not enough.So I go to RTM quite a bit but have never ventured over to Hunger Burger.  There is not normally a line and that should have been a hint.  I ordered the Philbert, plain fries and a soda. First off it was almost $15.00 which I wouldn't have minded if it was any good but it wasn't.  The burger was interesting with their personalized sauce but they definitely need a better bun.  The potato bun is normally a great addition to any burger but the sauce made it too wet and everything kept slipping off.  The fries were absolutely terrible, they had a weird taste and the soda was flat..  I was also annoyed that it took so long to get my burger considering there were 5 employees and no line.  I wouldn't waste my time with this place !! There are way too many other good burger places close by to stop here.Reasonably priced! Their new chicken sandwich is a
Must try! It's packed with flavor!! Mac and cheese was good as well.I have been here 3 times at this point & I would like to try the burger but it doesn't work out. Every time I order the same burger - the yolk burger & EVERY time it's made wrong. The burger comes with an egg on top. Despite requesting the egg yolk to be runny, multiple times, the burger is served with such an overlooked egg - it's almost hard boiled. The server was arguing that this is how they make it - "we cook the egg on both sides to medium", "that's how we do it". The manager was at the register as I placed my order & requested multiple times, the egg to be served with a runny yolk. Every time, I send the burger back & after waiting the 1st time, don't have time for it to be remade. The manager on this 3rd visit, handled the burger refund & offered a coupon. She was very nice. 
The onion rings are crispy & not greasy, indicating the oil was at the right temperature when cooked. The salads are quite hearty & delicious, full of components that do not comprise 90% romaine lettuce. I haven't tried some of their other sides yet, but the sides I had were enjoyable.  Now hoping in the future to try the burger. I will give this place another go but will it be a success the 4th time around??? That's more than normal chances I give to a place - but since some of their other foods were quite tasty... I'm persevering.A very good burger that tastes homemade. Got the burger with the fried egg, my guy got the breakfast BLT sandwich. Sweet potato fries extra crispy, just as we like them. All in all, this could become a regular burger stop when I visit the terminal. TIP: this stand is located where the sitting area is. It can be a nightmare on the weekends to get to the counter to place your order. A better bet is a weekday visit, if you can swing it.The "Yo!lk Burger is fantastic! A burger with fried egg! It was a surprise that is was sooo tasty. I will definitely come back!I have yet to try a burger because the chicken sandwich is so good! They operate like a well oiled machine no matter how long the line is. Salads are super fresh and flavorful. I waited about 15 min to order today with no place to eat in site as the terminal was so packed. The food is so fresh it makes up for the wait (you'd wait anywhere in reading regardless of the day and time). Really appreciate they allow for customizations as well! Thank you for such fresh delicious food!One of the best burgers I've ever had the pleasure of consuming! All of their sides look awesome and the Mac & Cheese seems to be very popular, but I went with their Greek salad and was not disappointed! Everything was delicious! You can have it your way and so much more! This brings the "Hunger Games" to a whole new level!Got so incredibly sick from my burger yesterday. I admit, I was incredibly hungry without much time. The first clue that it was a bad idea should have come from unwrapping the burger, the paper was covered in grease. But since I was short on time and would have eaten anything, I scarfed it down. I knew as soon as I finished it that it was a bad idea.   Short story version; I spent the entire evening puking my guts up.I went here on a Saturday during lunchtime so it was pretty busy. I ordered the Coop Burger, which is a chicken burger with feta, lettuce, tomato, and lemon garlic aioli. When I unwrapped it, the burger was relatively small and flat, which was a bit disappointing. But it had pretty good flavor. 
The real star of the show though was the seasoned fries with the lemon garlic aioli sauce. They tasted amazing! My friends and I devoured them in a heartbeat. I'd go back again just to eat their delicious fries and try out the different sauces they have.Stopped by this place during a trip to Philly. (Reading Terminal Market is THE place for foodies.) Decided to try out this restaurant for its vegetarian burger options. A little overpriced, however, I didn't mind considering their mission is to feed children in need. The burger was decent, as were the available sides.A good option for a burger at Reading Terminal. Loved how crispy and fresh the fries tasted. The burger patty seemed small to me. In comparison, 5 guys provides more toppings for free and 500 degrees gives a better quality burger for a similar price. Guess they cost more due to their location. I did think it was odd that a burger place served lobster mac n' cheese so I plan to return to give that a try. I'll update the review once that happens. Overall, I would eat there again if I'm in Reading Terminal, and want a burger, but feel that there are better options outside the Terminal.The Burgers were no doubt the star of the show! Nice big juicy burgers. I also had the lobster mac and cheese which was ok.I went to hunger burger the day that it opened. I was slightly disappointed with the experience because I was pretty excited about trying it. The food was just ok.  I feel it was overpriced because when comparing to nearby burger joints the price for the basic single burger here is pretty much the price for a double at the others.  The food was not bad however there are other places in the area I prefer.Mediocre, at best. Yes, they have a great philosophy and mission, but that doesn't make it okay to charge what they do for not so great food.
I was really excited to try finally try Hunger Burger and was quite disappointed. I went with the Bello Burger, onion rings, and a small soda. The burger took longer than other items being ordered and really lacked any flavor. I'd go with the portabello burger at Shake Shack over this any day. The onion rings were incredibly soggy, and expensive! I ate two because I was hungry and couldn't bring myself to finish the rest.
Overall, not a great experience. I'll be heading to Shake Shack or BurgerFi to satisfy my burger craving!Ordered just the Lobster Mac and Cheese here.
Found it to be pretty generously tossed with lobster pieces (we even got a big claw piece! winner winner!) and was adequately cheesy. Cheese sauce was creamy, but still had a nice sharpness to it. Noodles were cooked well and held onto the sauce well. Pepper and bits of parsley also helped elevate the flavor profile. I like my mac and cheese gooey and this definitely hit the spot!Quality meat, great taste, and simple construction makes for a great burger. Love the sweetness of the onion rings and tanginess of the chipotle ketchup! So much to choose from at Redding Terminal Market. This is a great choice.Returned to try their lobster mac 'n cheese and it was ok. Not the best mac 'n cheese that I've had and I've eaten better seafood salads too. Wouldn't go out of my way to get it again.Stopped by on my way home from work nursing a major hangover in need of my go to greasy FIX. I tend to go against popularity with my burger preferences . I like a nice thin patty and lots of lettuce and juicy tomato and a good special sauce. 8 grabbed 2 beers to go from Molly malloys and ordered the hunger burger. My hangover is cured !!!! They nailed it! Wasn't too heavy--was just right. Not recommended if you're one of those 16 oz beef types, but recommended if you like in n out or shake shack.I'll keep this short and sweet...don't waste your time or money...go across the street to Burger Fi...this place is over priced, burgers weren't all that good or even nicely sized, everything mushed into one texture.  I couldn't tell if the bun was brioche or just a soggy potato bun...they used like frozen crinkle cut fries,not hand cut fresh fries...I spent almost $15 bucks and was tooooootally disappointment with my food.  5 guys has a better burger...I'm really pissed because good stuff eatery was shut down but again thank goodness for Burger Fi...Since I've been to the west coast my standards for burgers have gone up tremendously but so far Burger Fi, and 5 guys still are my fav's for center city burgers and fries.The food was great...but the service was okay.  Workers were stingy to give out another ranch dressing.  My daughter requested another, but they totally ignored her request...since we got a double Philbert burger & onion rings.  we all know u need 1 ranch for the burger, n 1 for the onion rings.I wanted a salad for a meal and they had some really good looking ones in the window. I had the Mediterranean salad, a regular sized one for $4.59. It was tasty with extra balsamic on the side that I didn't even need. There were large chunks of artichoke heart, crisp cucumbers, garbanzo beans, a little feta and good tomatoes: had stayed cold. It was not too heavy: I was actually kind of surprised. I would eat this again. I also like that they donate to kids. They were insanely busy and the order keeper did a good job despite the crowded area in front. Will come back to try something different.I think I may like this burger BETTER than Shake Shack!!   Simple burger but great taste, reasonably priced. Will defiantly come back and let other know.  Yes they smashed down the burger but that did not affect taste.Everything these guys & gals make is perfect. The sandwiches & burgers look like they do in menu photos while the taste exceeds expectations. If you get a burger it will be be juicy & flavorful, chicken is crispy & moist, the breakfast blt with lemon aioli(it's hard to go wrong on a blt but this is steller)  has been a daily staple of mine on this week long stay. Whatever they are doing here it's working.The lobster Mac n cheese was pricy and a little bland. The burger though... Was so. Freaking. Good. So soft. So juicy. And so flavorful. Fries was alright. Nothing special.I went there with my mother and the young lady who is either the manger or owner has thee worst attitude and no patience for people ..reading terminal is a place with a thousand different stores and lots of tourists so you need time a lot of time to 
To choose and explore the restaurant..I say she rushes you and don't say thank you after you spend $15 on a sandwich and side ..so atleast  show some appreciation ..I had the HB burger, no fries. The burger tasted great! Not sure what the sauce is, but it's good. Price is reasonable. You can't beat the Reading Terminal environment as well. This place has a great mission for the community locally and globally. I will definitely be back.Hunger Burger's mission is simple--to make the world a better place, one burger at a time.  With every purchase, someone in need has the opportunity to eat a good meal. They use only the best in high-quality ingredients and serve every customer with a smile.  While shopping at Reading Terminal, I noticed that Hunger Burger was a new addition since my last visit, so I decided to eat there for lunch.  I got the FunGuy Burger (mushroom and cheddar with their homemade special sauce) and a fountain lemonade and I absolutely LOVED it! Thanks, Hunger Burger, for breaking my habit of eating Chinese food on my every visit to Reading Terminal and giving me a new favorite!I've recently visited this place and saw the whole process of cooking the burger. Although they use gloves to touch food, they also wash up and move trash cans in the same gloves. Left without my burger.The burgers here are okay, its hard to tell the difference between burgers now a days but if you want an average burger for a decent price, get one here.Super legit burger place right in Reading Terminal. I have been meaning to try Hunger Burger for a while and finally got a chance to the other day. Rolled in and order their double Philbert burger which is their bacon cheeseburger, also ordered some fries and a side of mac and cheese. The burger was awesome and it compares very well to Shake Shack, the fries are equally legit, and the mac and cheese was pretty awesome. Next time I will be getting a side of lobster mac and cheese. I know that everyone likes that they donate meals to the homeless and I also think that it's pretty cool they do that but it helps that they can actually make a legit burger. Will be back, soon.The burger was fine, however, there was no excuse for the poor treatment I received from the server. Would not ever go back to this place, and I warn others to stay away. It took too long for them to take my order, the wait was very long, and when my food was ready, the server barked at me, held on to my bag, and refused to give it to me until she scrutinized my receipt. I had JUST paid for it and hadn't moved more than three feet from where I paid. No need for me to ever return here.I finally tried Hunger Burger and I am a fan! I had the Bello Burger, which was a nice twist on the classic veggie burger. I couldn't taste the cheese sauce, but that didn't detract from the flavor. OK yes, it is a bit more expensive that I usually care to spend on lunch but the fact that they donate a portion of the proceeds for each burger sold to feed children in the city eases my mind. I really wanted to try the sweet potato fries and a shake but that will have to wait until another day. The wait time for the bello burger was a tad long (15 minutes on my lunch break is too long at RTM since I have to hoof it back to old city)Tasty, saucy grub. Was immediately drawn to order from here in Reading Terminal Market for the Mac and cheese. Literally a beautiful sight. Was disappointed that they didn't offer a Mac and cheese burger - it would be gold! 
It wasn't a gourmet burger, but the Philbert had bacon and the tasty HB sauce.  However, I wish it had a better quality bun. Was a typical potato bun and I wish I had more bun to burger ratio. 
2 burgers, a large Mac and cheese, a large drink, and a vanilla milkshake cost $38. For takeout quality, it was a little pricey. However it was a fun experience and I would do it again.Brave the insane lunch crowd at Redding Terminal to try a hunger burger. I love the business model and charitable aspect. Tried a hunger burger (beef burger, American cheese, green leaf lettuce, tomato & HB sauce on a Martin's potato roll) and it was a satisfactory burger, but I like shake shack more. The HB sauce was okay, but not as flavorful as shake shack's secret sauce. I'd come back here again and give the burger a second try if I can figure out a time when it's less busy. It was a mess waiting in line and trying to find a seat to eat.Seasoned fries are good. Veggie burger is very mushy, more so than most veggie burgers. Pretty overpriced for what it is, but maybe the beef burgers and other items are worth it.My boyfriend and I were a bit overwhelmed with the choices in the Reading Terminal and landed on Hunger Burger. The greasy burger was everything I could have asked for. We also got mac-and-cheese, mine regular and his lobster. While it was a bit pricey in my opinion, worth it. We both took mac-and-cheese home for leftovers after eating the burgers. The mac-and-cheese was delicious and creamy and still good after reheating. I would definitely go back for more.Excellent  loved the burger! All natural yummy
Highly recommend.  Mac and cheese very good as wellMy oh my!  I love this place. Probably the most unhealthy food available, but so worth it. Their Mac n cheese is melty and gooey with amazing flavors. I get the regular, so I don't find it necessary to get the lobster (or crab?) variation. They also have some delicious cheesy scallop potatoes. Clearly my visits here are for carbs, which I'm okay with. The food is a bit pricy, but it's also fun to indulge!I tried lobster mac n cheese. 
And it's the best I had so far.......
melting in mouth...Over the past few years, we've seen much of what I like to call philanthropic capitalism. Whether it's TOMS, Everything Happy, or Soap Box, the One for One model certainly has an altruistic element - so I'm all for it! Apparently this extends to the food scene as well with Hunger Burger, located in Reading Terminal Market. 
The husband-and-wife team of George and Kim Mickel already own By George and Mezze eatery in RTM. With Hunger Burger, they're griddling up stellar burgers, with the mission of feeding a child in need, with every burger sold! 
Mac n Cheese Specialty Burger [$6.95]
Angus beef burger, Mac n Cheese, Bacon
Hunger Burger usually has a specialty burger on offer and I couldn't resist the Mac attack. The soft potato bun is the perfect vehicle to house the innards - creamy, cheesy mac interspersed between crisp strips of bacon and perfectly crusted and seasoned burger patties. Grease bomb to the Nth degree, but well worth the trip to burger bliss! 
Lobster Mac n Cheese [$10.95]
Who can resist lobster mac? There was nice depth of flavor here, with decent chunks of tender lobster strewn throughout the cavatappi noods. A well-rounded complement to this carb fest of a lunch.
So if you're in RTM, please give Hunger Burger a try. Sure, you can always up your lunch game with Dinic's Roast Pork or Beiler's Donuts, but save some room for a great burger as well!Went there while in philly for the car show got there at 3 pm on a Tuesday they were out of the Mac and cheese for the burgers and cheese sauce for the fries and the lady behind the counter taking orders had an attitude and snapped at me when I asked if they could just put the regular Mac and cheese on a burger apparently it's not the same Mac and cheese I didn't get anything but my wife got a burger and said it was an over expensive wayback or five guysI stopped by on the way to a meeting.  I love Reading Terminal Market, so I thought I would give this a try.  The service was horrible, and took my whole lunch time just waiting on a burger.  It's incredibly expensive for a less than average burger.  I don't recommend it at all.The burger is nothing special. You can eat just as well for the same price at Five Guys or Shake Shack. Go to one of the many independent restaurants in Philly for a better burger.
My review has to do with their mission. This establishment does not support the eradication of hunger; it stands for the spiritual extortion and destruction of ancient cultures. The organization that "fights" hunger in this case is King's Castle Ministries, a missionary group focused on remote areas in El Salvador and Nicaragua. These remote locations are still largely ignorant of Christianity, and therefore the people there have not been exposed to infectious ideas like inherent guilt, low-self worth, sin, and eternal hellfire. King's Castle goes there and holds those innocent people ransom for aid and assistance until they accept those toxic ideas and convert to Christianity. In the process, King's Castle seeks to destroy traditional religions that these Central American still practice and their native culture.
The audacity of imperialism and superiority that King's Castle demonstrates in the 21st century is shocking and morally reprehensible. Why are burger joints engaging in the support of spiritual extortion and cultural destruction in this day and age? Why are cheeseburgers being used as tools to further a depraved agenda?
Please do no support Hunger Burger and instead support secular organizations which will deliver aid to impoverished people without the pretense, judgment, and ill will.