Everything taste great. I personally love the seafood Pho and summer rolls. Great service and very well priced. You can bring the family of all ages, hangout with friends, have a meeting, or have a date and the atmosphere is perfect.They have significantly declined in quality since I last reviewed this place, and I've been back a few times to verify this. The staff has changed, the service has changed, the food quality is genuinely bad, and the place smells like dirty mop water all the time now. Overcooked pho (starchy, odd-tasting broth and congealed noodles) every single time, and I got a pot of very faintly brown hot water last time I asked for tea. Gross, gross, gross.We walked in as a group of six and were seated right away without reservations. Another four or so people walked in and joined our table and they were very accommodating (which is really nice because a lot of restaurants don't really do that.) 
As soon as I entered I noticed it was fairly empty. This may have been mostly due to the odd day we were coming in (a random Sunday) or due to the fact that it's tucked behind a grocery store, either way it wasn't crowded at all- but that worked in our favor since we required a fairly large space that can accommodate large groups with no notice.
The menu was very extensive with descriptions of ingredients under each item. The only issue was because I'm fairly new to new to the Vietnamese cuisine scene, I wasn't 100% what the differences in taste or texture would be if I ordered the number 25 versus of the 26. Most of the table ordered different bowls of pho and they all seemed similar. They had sriracha and hoisin sauce available at the table and the centerpieces already come stocked with soup spoons, chopsticks, and side bowls.
I've definitely had more fragrant pho in my life, but overall I had an enjoyable experience. My meal wasn't more than 10 dollars and the portions were gigantic. The servers were really friendly (and again accommodating) It's a really casual place if you are in the mood for Vietnamese.
Two things to note- it's BYO and there is a minimum on card purchases (10 or 15 dollars- i can't remember) so just bring some cash and maybe some wine.Their Ba Vi is legit. The plate was stacked with grilled shrimp w/sugar cane, thit bo cuon la, nem nuong, and veggies. It says that it's for 2 people but it's was more than enough for the 4 of us.
In addition to the ba vi, we got the 2 person meal which consisted of canh chua, shaken beef, and ca kho to. The beef was every easy to eat and the ca kho to was seasoned nicely. The canh chua was a little too sweet for my taste but eating it with rice helped. 
Overall this is one of the nicest Vietnamese restaurants in Philly. Service was quick. The price was good. The food was excellent. What more could you ask for?I had a craving for pho and stopped in to pick it up for takeout. I got the pho ga (chicken pho), broken rice with pork, and tofu rice paper rolls. The takeout pho came with the noodles and toppings separate from the broth so they don't get soggy, which was nice. The soup was ok. It just didn't have a lot of flavor and the chicken was tough. Same with the rice and pork. The pork was tough and fatty and just wasn't very flavorful. I did enjoy the rice paper rolls--stuffed with lots of noodles, fried tofu, and vegetables. They were really large and the peanut dipping sauce was very good.One of the best Vietnamese restaurants. Underrated and often missed because it is located in a small supermarket. The food and service was good.In the market plaza so there are plenty parking lots. Also, their Bun Bo Hue is the best one in town. The service is very nice. If they make Bun Mam more flavorful, i will give them 1 more star. 
Very nice place. We will be back.A lot to choose from the menu. A lot of food also for the price! Great family own business located inside a shopping center. Might be hard to find.
The table ordered a bunch of appetizers. I was really surprised on how much food came out. Not the norm in New Jersey. For my entree I ordered the No 144 Pho. It had some type of gelatin like meat that I would not recommend. It is very hard to eat and I usually am able to eat a lot of different variety of foods. This one was not easy to swallow. It was like a jellyfish in your mouth. However, the broth was very good and I love pho regardless of that one meat mixed with the other meats I had along with it.
Tip: Shrimp Spring Rolls were amazing. Delicate rolls made with beautiful, bright ingredients.Just went there with my friends and the food is so great. They even provide free refillable hot tea pot for each table (yes I mean it, free) and the service was quick enough for our hunger. The location is a little hard to find but it's worth our time giving this place a chance. Superb authentic Vietnamese Pho place for cold days!I had the broken rice and it was great. First time eating that so I'm not sure what to compare it to, but it was very good. Quick service even as the place filled up. Looked good for groups.I used to come here all the time but lately the quality has been slacking a little bit. I hate that it smells like moth balls now!! And also, i hate that all the servers are in the corner just staring at you until you make some sort of movement. They should be trying to get rid of the moth ball smellI've eaten at this place and gotten takeout from here as well. While I think their bun is just fine, on a recent takeout order we were unimpressed by many of our entrees. There just isn't enough flavor/spice to many of their dishes, imho. The sweet and sour dish we got was not pungent/sour or especially sweet. It was, to use the reviews language 'meh.' The curry dish was the same; note enough heat or balance to the flavors. 
But the bun is solid.Fresh, authentic vietnamese food. Great value, highly reccomend the three delight and family dinner! Love the build your own summer rolls with vermicelli noodles, grape leaves, pork, and herbs. 
The service and atmosphere are ok; however, you should definitely come for the quality of the meals.The food was slightly pricier than your usual south philly viet restaurants. The food portion was small. I got the vermicelli and it came with more lettuce than noodles and meat. It tasted ok. Wasn't super impressed. What was perhaps the biggest offense was the "avocado" smoothie. Absolutely no avocado and just powder... disgust. Never again.I really wanted to like this place because I love Vietnamese food and is is close to our house. We had lunch here on a Saturday afternoon a couple months ago. The space is large and open. We were seated quickly. We ordered some summer roles, lemongrass shrimp and a spicy chicken dish. Summer rolls came out quickly and were Google, not great but good. My lemongrass shrimp came out long before my wife's chicken dish. When her dish finally arrived it looked burnt and greasy. We were not sure it was the actual dish she ordered as it was hacked up whole chicken bones and all. She refused to eat it. My dish was marginally better but again questioned if I got the right dish. I love spicy lemongrass dishes and this was not a lemongrass dish. Water glasses empty-no refill-and waited another 20 minutes for plates to be cleared and even longer for the check. If you want good, authentic Vietnamese food there are many other places.Just steps from our home, it took us almost a year to find this hidden gem. The food was great, flavorful and well presented, about on par with other establishments price wise and service was good. We each had phô, flavorful broth, we also ordered pork and shrimp summer rolls served with peanut dipping sauce and the crepe with shrimp and sprouts, both tasty; the crepe is huge, crispy outside, and served with a large side of veggies maybe to assemble lettuce wraps. I def recommend the vinegar they serve with the crepe, it really enhances the flavor. 
 We entered via 16th street,  it was the only open door on that side,  and there were entrances from within the mall.  The interior is clean and sharp liking with two giant flat screens, plenty of tables with space in between. The bathrooms are also well kept. 
Now that we've found it, we'll def be back!The pho here is pretty great. The service was exception ally generous and looked after us as she was super happy that my friend and I ordered the Viet coffee. We went there with a group of six and was seated in a circular table, great for conversation. I had pho with beef balls and it was fantastic.
The place smelled like toile though, so that was no bueno.The two-star review below claiming the menu was aimed at non-Vietnamese clientele is absurd.  We were there on a Sunday and the clientele was 80-90% Vietnamese.  Moreover, the food was excellent.  We had long been fans of Nam Phoung, but they have deteriorated over the last several months while our one meal here at Huong Tram was very satisfying.  I had the egg noodle soup Hue Style and the broth was rich, the flavors complex and the beef tender. The menu is extensive and we are eager to try more of it.This is my second time here and we ordered the exact same dishes as the first time. We got the three delight and family dinner of fish casserole hot pot, country style beef cubes and subbed water spinach for soup which is amazing and a perfect amount of food for four people. Not to mention a great value. The ingredients are fresh and the dishes complement each other.Great place - good food and clean environment. The broth was robust and complex, which is my preferred taste for a pho broth. Would highly recommend on a cold afternoon or evening!The food at Huong Tram appears simple, but the flavors have remarkable depth. So far I have been in love with Ba Vi( picture attached), bun mam, banana flower with chicken hot pot( highly recommend), broken rice combo...For anyone with a sweet tooth, they also have really amazing smoothies, try durian or avocado one( OMG!!! I soooo love them all) Trust me when I say...this is the BEST Viet food in town.Great close spot to us in graduate hospital. Huge area with a lot of seating and vitanamese market next door. Ordered vermicelli and spring rolls and overall the dishes were clean, light but very filling. Tasted very fresh and I appreciated the spring rolls being filled with fresh herbs with pork and shrimp. I will be back. A little dirty on the inside but as long as the food looks fresh I wi be back!This place is located directly across the street from my house and had gotten some good reviews from people, and when my fiance and I needed a bite one evening, we walked over to grab some Pho. 
I always get a little flustered when I am looking at a Vietnamese menu because I always have the intention to order something other than Pho, but I just cant ever seem to pull the trigger on it. This time was no exception, but I at least ordered something I hadnt tried before. I ordered the seafood Pho. The seafood broth was a little bit more bland than I am used to is when it comes to Pho, but that may have been intentional because of the seafood. It definitely was not as rich or flavorful as the beef broth I have had in the past, but it was still very good. It came piping hot as it always does and served with all the usual companions, bean sprouts, jalapenos, Thai basil and lime wedges. I add a bit of each to the soup as well as some sriracha and mix it all in to make a full flavored soup with some kick. The seafood was plentiful in the soup which made it great as well. There was plenty of shrimp, seafood balls and squid and if it hadnt been for the lack of flavor in the broth, it would have been a homerun. 
I definitely would like to go back to try another style pho, or some of the other items on the menu if I can ever pull myself away from the Pho. Its very authentic stuff and just taking a look around and noticing all of the Vietnamese patrons really gives it a thumbs up to that aspect. Definitely worth a visit.The pho was so good here that I came twice during my four day stay during a conference in June 2015. Authentic, delicious, and giant giant bowls of soup. The service is alright, but the food. My God, the food. If you like pho, do yourself a favor and get you some.Favorite pho spot in Philly so far, including those in Chinatown. It's cheap & delicious Vietnamese food at its purest - straightforward with no frills and yet still a clean environment with good service. Broth is rich but still light and not over-seasoned, meats are grilled to perfection on the rice plates, coffee is strong. That's all you need in a local pho spot, especially at these prices.Nice service, fast pho. The pho ga was actually very flavorful fresh and tasty -- and same size as pretty much all the competing pho places. But the price, yikes! $10 for a bowl of pho. I had a great meal but this is a little too high for Pho in my opinionHad Nam Son on a recommended list but there are new owners of this location. Had lunch during the week at about 1:30+. Had quick attentive service and food delivery. A lot nicer than most Pho cafeterias. As often the custom, we did have to call the waiter over when we wanted to add some take-out items to out order after we ate but the staff assisted w/o hesitation and asked how we liked our food. The Pho Tai looked good and was liked by my sister-in-law and her sensitive prego digestive system. I had the Mi Bo Kho and it was very good - beefy with a lot of melt in your mouth beef chunks (which you often have to chew a bit but this you didn't) and egg noodle was perfectly al dente as was the stock, rich and seasoned well. A great bowl for helping boost your iron levels or nursing your hangover.came here a few time and still like it every time!
used to go to Nam Phuang but parking is a problem so we switch to here. equally good compare to Nam PhuangDelicious and very cheap Vietnamese food :) love this place! Papaya salad, shrimp and pork salad, pho, nomDelicious and very cheap Vietnamese food :) love this place! Papaya salad, shrimp and pork salad, pho, nom. Came here from out of town with our local friend who called it the best pho in Philadelphia. The broth is definitely not from a pack, which I'm always suspicious about. It was fairly subtle. Papaya salad had a great flavor with just enough fish sauce in the dressing and a little kick. We came away stuffed and everyone was  satisfied. Bill for 5 came out to be 75 including tip, which was great as well!A bit over a month ago, Nam Son on Washington Avenue changed owners and became Huong Tram. The menu is still Vietnamese, though slightly downsized from the seemingly infinite selection of the former menu.  The space is a bit remodeled but you can still enter from either 16th Street or through the shopping plaza on Washington.  The adjacent bakery is still under the Nam Son name.
The classic pho with brisket was fine, but not as dynamic as some other places in the area. It needed a lot of sprucing up with condiments.
The pho ga on the other hand, made with chicken instead of beef broth, was soothing and complicated.  As a red meat lover, it is hard to acquiesce and admit the white meat has won, but I have to tell it like it is. Either way, the soup bowls are still huge and the prices are low.
The chicken wing appetizer here is also very good. Other perks: there is a whole lot available for parking and an easy grocery trip (though it may be the smelliest grocery store in Philly) next door.My wife is Vietnamese.  Her parents?  You guessed it: both Vietnamese.  My father-in-law has worked in the kitchen of Vietnamese restaurants.  Both at home and at other restaurants, I have experienced Vietnamese food made by Vietnamese-born people, and very much enjoyed it.  And I should add that my in-laws and my wife all like this place. It seems to be their go-to place when in the area.  Speaking for myself, the two times I've been here I left hungry and annoyed.  The service is fine, but the food, to me, is just not good.  I've had far better Vietnamese cuisine both at home and at other restaurants.  It actually goes into the realm of, "I don't want to finish this."  Not at least on the cheap, either.  I do not look forward to the almost inevitable next time that I find myself dragged here.  I'd prefer to sit and enjoy the company and pick up something else to eat for myself.  Sorry, but to me, being honest, just not good food.It's great! It's big! Great for groups, and has a huge menu. You will find something you like. It is tucked away with a few other businesses, and is very bright inside. It isn't great for any ambiance, but that's okay for the food, and for the price. I wouldn't have known about it if it weren't for my friends, but we plan on going back and getting takeout for sure.One of my favorite restaurants to go to in Philly! I love their com tam, the grilled pork taste really good. I would definitely recommend the com tam thit nuong. The only thing that I hope they can improve is to make a little alter in their fish sauce. It is a little less salty as it should be, I think it is because they diluted it with water so that non-Vietnamese can use the fish sauce as well. However, because it is a little bit too bland, it doesn't go so well with the com tam. Other than that, everything else is perfect. I will continue eating here.I can't say I wasn't skeptical, but ended up being good! This restaurant isn't in a great location, but happened to be right next to where I was. A friend vouched for the place and I'm glad we went in. Service was prompt, the menu has most any Viet dish you'd want, and the food was good. If nearby and you're looking for an easy bite stop by.Got pork chops w/ rice, bun bo xoa and chicken fried rice. It was all excellent and could go toe to toe with multiple solid Vietnamese spots on Washington Ave. Service was great as well.They have vegetable broth and are vegan friendly!! My go-to pho place...honestly love everything about it! I love the summer rolls and lemongrass tofu entree. It's a very family friendly environment and everyone always seems so happy to be there. Service and prices are excellent! I go here all the time especially if I am sad or it's a super cold day. I always leave happy and full :)We come here probably once a week (sometimes two) because the pho and bun are so nice here.  The pho is our go-to now, over Pho 75 and Nam Phuong.  The BBQ pork is delicious and the noodles in the bun are so good.  We really don't get anything else here besides the iced coffee (a little sweet but a treat).  Staff is great too.Such variety on the menu!  I came here with my boyfriend for Pho, and it was fantastic!  I got the chicken pho and the broth was pretty great.  It doesn't hurt that it came out within ten minutes of ordering! I can't wait to come back and try another dish soon :)  Tip: Credit card minimum is $15.Delicious pho,  good service and helpful waiters. The waiter recommended special pho which has mix of all kinds of beef meat and I was very surprised to get a very large bowl of pho for just $ 8.75. In fact,  I ordered one to go too. If you are looking for a good Vietnamese restaurant, this place is the one to go to. I am planning to go back for other dishes again, since they looked really good ( I saw other people getting their food :)).One of the best places for Vietnamese food in center city. Really authentic with an extensive menu. Located inside the Vietnamese mall on 16th and Washington. I always get the pho and spring rolls, so good!What professional food critics have to say about the Asian restaurants along Washington Avenue have no value to me.  I do not see what background newspaper critics have that enlightens their taste to what they may consider correct Asian food.  For myself, I freely admit that as a European American I have no idea of what a Vietnamese family would think of the dishes they may find in the many restaurants in South Philadelphia.  I think I can say with some certainty that the restaurants I enjoy along Washington Ave certainly have an Asian clientele.  It would seem then, that these restaurants cannot be too far from acceptable Asian cooking. While I can be very happy at any number of the Vietnamese restaurants on Washington Avenue there is one that I find the most intriguing. In its first incarnations that restaurant was called Nam Son.  (You can still read my review for the restaurant under that name. ) Now the restaurant is called Huong Tram.  Since the changeover we have visited twice.
On our first visit since the name change we saw upon entering a wonderful bubbling pot nested on a gas burner and accompanied by an enormous dish of greens and meats that clearly were intended for the volcanic stew.  It took no convincing. We needed no menu. When the waiter approached we said "well have what that table has."  Since we were seated at a standard rectangular table, the waiter enthusiastically said, "then you must move. Come to the round table." Suddenly all attention was on us. Servers seemed to arrive with great energy from unseen corners.  While two servers cleared a space on our round table, another paraded into the dining room with a gas burn held high that he immediately set between us: central altar fire upon which we would soon experience one of the greatest delights of Huong Tram's offerings.   No sooner had the waiter lit the burner than a large cauldron arrived filled with an already fragrant broth. The cauldron's contents, seated on the fire stove, began to bubble and heave.  To the side of the cauldron the server placed an immense platter of heart stopping seafood: clams, mussels, scallops, tilapia, all enrobed in greens and aromatics. To the side of the fish platter another server gently placed a bowl of pre-cooked noodles. Even before the fish touched the broth the heaving pot steamed with the incense of an intense fish stock.  
The server, now more pleased than ever when he saw our delight, immediately offered his service. With practiced knowledge he added those fish which took the longest and finished with those that cook the quickest.  Along the way he added the proper greens and vegetables.
With the sweeping gestures of and orchestra conductor he waved the chopsticks to bring the noodles to our bowls and then with equal aplomb ladled the soups to bath the noodles.  Each bowl was then finished with yet another touch of bean sprouts, cilantro, basil and other condiments.
The moment now came for the tasting. The fish broth moved slowly from the porcelain spoon and miraculously transformed from a sweet somewhat gelatinous experience that spoke not only to the tongue and mouth but to that certain velvety quality experience by the lips. As the broth developed  its sweet richness  it transformed again to fill the desire for the savory. The solid but delicate flavors of the seafood ingredients punctuated the soup with a rich intensity. Venally the noodles moved like silken lace to complete the absolute delight.
As an addendum I would note that two weeks later we returned to Huong Tram for the sole purpose of trying the meat hot pot. Here again the service was superior. The staff was more than accommodating. The meat hot pot was a wonderful delight but I will say that I think I prefer the fish.  The fish had that certain sweet gelatinous quality the offers a deeper richness. But, then, fish is a personal taste.
Certainly I am naïve on  the topic of Southeast Asian cooking and despite my frequent visits to restaurants on Washington Avenue,  I am still  certainly uncultured to the refinements of Vietnamese cooking.
The hot pot dinner easily provides a dinner for four persons and gives a good size serving to take home. The cost for this dinner is around $30. Where else might you enjoy such an experience at such a price,, with such service and with an excellently prepared dinner.I looked at the Philly.com/cleanplates city food safety database. They did better on their inspections than most places, even fancy Le Viet. I went there once awhile ago with a friend. We were both pleased. I was going to award 4 stars (wish I could award 4.25 or a little more)  but the previous 2 star review is so skewed that I think I will compensate a little with 5 stars, for now, and readjust on my second visit.The best Vietnamese restaurants in South Philly.... the waiter is very friendly, the price is ok..We had a pretty tasty vegetarian meal here. Portions were very substantial -- you won't leave hungry! The tofu vermicelli rice bowl was definitely superior to the pho with vegetarian broth and tofu and vegetables, though both hit the spot. After putting in the spicy fixings, I was happy with the pho. I would definitely come back here, though I'm curious to try some other pho places in the neighborhood first.This place is so underrated on yelp but not so much to the Vietnamese locals. I love the bun bo hue here but pretty much every other dish is well done. The parking here could be tough though and the location isn't well noticed from the main road. The have an extensive menu with lots of pictures for people unfamiliar with the foods.This place is usually good but theres a fly in my pho, so I don't know about this place. Its really close but dirty.This is my go-to place for when I'm having a shitty day of studying and really need pick me up. Best place for when you're craving Vietnamese cuisine! You won't find a better, more authentic restaurant in all of Philadelphia. Their Bun Rieu is out of this world, and the best bang for your buck at only $10. The tomato-based broth is rich and filled with succulent crab balls. I highly recommend the Bun Rieu or Bun Bo Hue to a newbie or a well traveled foodie.I didn't know this restaurant was under new management until I came in for lunch and noticed the name was changed. My boyfriend and I was meeting up his friends for lunch and his friend choose this place because one of his friend is a waiter here . But anywho, since there were four of us we decided to get the special for 4 . It came with two appetizers and three dishes . The food didn't take that long to come out considering there's a lot of dishes to be made . 
The waiters were very nice and attentive . Always make sure we're taken care off . But I have to say the food were a little too sweet for my liking . Not the best vietnamese restaurant around. They need to change the ingredients in their food or something. 3 stars to the food and 5 five stars to the waiters that served us.Huong Tram never lets me down.  After coming here for several years I am finally getting around to writing this review.  The Pho is really good, but I tend to order other items on the menu, admittedly often without even knowing what I'm really ordering.  Recently they changed their menus so that there are pictures of everything.  This actually really changed the dining experience for the better by making the menu more accessible.  During my last visit we ordered one of the appetizers with marinated ground shrimp, "stinky sauce" and rice paper.  This came with a heap of veggies and it was really fun to make our own scoring rolls out of this stuff.  It's also a BYOB so make sure to stop at a bottle shop on your way over.  There's one at 17th and Ellsworth, 19th and Christian and 15th and Federal...all close by.Lovely cheap delicious takeout!  I love this place.  I take away one star because the shrimp could be better quality and the herbs and spices are sometimes scanty.   Also,  as a neighbor I wish the restaurant, along with the other shops in the center,  would be more careful not to create litter and to clean up the nearby street. But overall a great deal with friendly service.Service is extremely bad, had to order ice water 3x to finally get it and got it after I finish the meal.  Servers has hearing problems, ask one waiter for a bowl and he told me to ask a different waiter for it. There is only three people at my table and I asked for a glass of ice water and he asked back you want 4 glasses of ice water. Extremely bad service, don't recommend to come back again after this time.Great comprehensive Vietnamese restaurant. Had all my favorites. I'm more of a Bun than a Pho guy, and so finding this place was great and hit my cravings. Also love a salty soda. There are two entrances; the reportedly hard to find one inside the shopping center (which is only hard if you don't go in) and a street entrance.This place have became  the wife's usual spot. Plus my old teacher from the restaurant is the head wok chef here. Also head server here is a old friend. Good place and good food. Consistence and great serviceCame here the Sunday after the winterblizzard of Jonas '16. I am a fan! The pho broth was good and so were the grilled pork summer rolls.I love that they have the option of having grilled pork on the side with your pho! The waiters were very nice but the one kept coming back and asking to make sure he had our order correct lol. I would definitely come back here again and it's nice that they have this huge tv in the middle of the restaurant.BYOB. One of my go to Vietnamese and pho spots. Located in an Asian supermarket complex. Free parking lot. 
Huge restaurant so it's a good option for large groups. 
Last time I went with my group of girls we feasted on the tofu summer rolls, bun cha Hanoi, deluxe fried rice, and veggie pho. Everything was good but my favorite was the bun cha which is my go to when I don't feel like soup.Took my mom out here for dinner when I came into the city, great Vietnamese food good pricesPretty good, though were admittedly Pho noobs. We literally didn't know what to do with the plate of bean sprouts and fresh leaves they brought out. (We asked and figured it out.)
The servers were very busy and not all that helpful; they seemed a little annoyed by our lack of knowledge. An Americanized menu would be very helpful, like knowing which dishes are gluten free. They did label peanut dishes clearly though.
No kids menu. I had no idea what to order for my toddler.
Clean enough. No changing table in women's bathroom. Don't walk in around the back of the block; it's very stinky!Ordered the BBQ beef short rib over rice, as well as a coconut and jelly drink. The prices are higher than I'd expect, and there's a lot of competition in this area with tons of Vietnamese spots and similar dishes/food quality.
The short ribs over rice were tasty, but very sparse on the ribs. It was a few small strips over way more rice and some veggies, but not a side of herbs as you might expect elsewhere. After tax and tip, the total was overpriced at ~$10.
Then there was the coconut drink. This was ~$4! And it was 80% ice, standard coconut juice, and a few strips of a chewy jelly that were difficult to get to in the bed of ice that was this drink. I'm okay paying $4 for a tasty drink, but it's silly when the majority of it is an ice tray.
This one's definitely a pass for me. I came for groceries and to maybe stop by Nam Son Bakery next door, got intrigued by this place situated right between, and sated my curiosity. But there's too many great Vietnamese places in this neighborhood with better prices, food, and portions.Love. I've been hunting around for a good Vietnamese spot in philly and this it it.
Huong Tram is inside a little mini map with shops. No storefront outside - so when you don't see one, don't be discouraged! 
It's a big spot. Lots of seating. Really clean. And the staff is very kind and attentive. 
The menu is huge and the portions are generous. The price is reasonable. You really get a good value for what you order. I barely dented half of the dishes i ordered. 
The papaya salad was super generous, more so than at your usual Vietnamese restaurant  -- lots of pork and shrimp mixed in. Though a bit on the sweet side, I'm used to more fish sauce.
The pho !!! Oh my goodness. If you come here get the pho. No joke, it's one of the best I've ever had. Sometimes the meat in pho can be rubbery and flavorless. Not the case at Huong Tram! Such good quality meat - from the cooked items to the rare steak. Super tender and the fatty brisket delivers on its promise. So yum.
If you get the pho - ask to try the chili oil. It's wonderful, savory, and adds a bit of kick!Very authentic Vietnamese restaurant. Although they do not specialize in pho like 75 or other places, their pho is awesome, full of flavor. take the simple beef one. Lots of delicious Vietnamese appetizers. Great efficient service and overall a great experience. Really reminds me of the days I traveled and lived in S. Vietnam.Location wise, they did themselves an injustice by hiding in that plaza. If I hadn't stumble into the plaza on accident, I would've never discovered this place. The sign outside just blended in with the setting. The restaurant itself is quite spacious after the remodeling. It's capable of hosting large parties. The service was efficient and the food came out pretty quickly. 
I decided to go ethnic and ordered "Bun Mam", which is rice noodles in a fish paste broth. It's super fishy and not something I would recommend to those who aren't familiar with Vietnamese food. The broth itself was quite aromatic, but a bit too bland for my liking. They provided all the necessary vegetables needed and gave me plenty of fish. The portion was magnificent and the price not too bad, but this isn't the best Bun Mam I've ever had. It was just okay.Had a delicious lunch here. Would recommend their pho, the broth is deep and has great taste. My other favorite is the rice wraps - forget the name - but definitely a delicious buy to make you're own spring rolls with grape leaf beef, pickled carrots, array of greens, and vermicelli noodles.Ive been there first time best pho in south Philly. Very clean restaurant. Enjoyed seafood noodles and fried rice.great food,even clean bathrokms. Very good experience.You have to try it, you wont disappointed.When this place transitioned from the different pho place it was before, it was admittedly very clearly in transition/start up phase. In the two times I've been back in the past month, however, I've been blown away at how nice it is. 
Wait staff are really, super nice and friendly and speak spectacular English and Vietnamese as well, service is quick, the food is delicious, and prices are cheap ($7.50 for a huge bowl and a free pot of hot tea!). The rare steak is laid in the bowl exactly the way it should be (still pink in the middle for you to finish cooking in your broth). 
I mostly love this place for how comfortable it feels. On any weekend morning, there are old couples, young couples, families, and single diners eating a warm meal alone (I've done this too). This place really is a hidden gem.I was told the pho here is amazing but there really are no words to describe how delicious it really is. Every flavor of every ingredient comes alive in your mouth! And they really pack it in - it's hearty! I would return to Philly just for a bowl. PHO sure this is the best ever!Better than most Vietnamese in Philly and the Value is Fantastic. Everything was fresh & tasty. My major complaint was all of the dishes were far too sweet and the seafood dishes mainly consisted of fish balls and fish cake. Nothing was fantastic but it was pretty good If you can get over the sweetness and lack of real seafood.Don't eat here or order from here. I found a bug leg in my pho that I ordered through and I will never be ordering from this establishment again. I've never been so repulsed in my life, and this is absolutely atrocious.For some reason, I always turn to pho as my hangover cure and this place always delivers. The service is fast. The vietnamese iced coffee is strong. And the pho is always delicious. Alternatively, I love the vermicelli special with pork and spring rolls whenever I want a change from the pho. This place is super accommodating and great for larger groups!My boyfriend and I ordered dinner from here via Caviar on a Friday night. The food was delivered in just 15 minutes, 20 minutes less than the estimated delivery time. Awesome! We ordered the Pho with Eye-Round Steak, Well Done Flank, Fat Brisket, Tendon, Tripe and Beef Balls ($8.50), Rice Vermicelli with BBQ Pork and Spring Rolls ($8.95), Shrimp and Pork Summer Rolls ($4.25), BBQ Pork Summer Rolls ($4.50).
First and foremost, this was A TON of food. Both the vermicelli and the Pho are easily two meals worth. The summer rolls well also well-sized. The pho was packaged very well with minimal spillage. It was basically your average pho, did the trick of satisfying my craving, but nothing special. I would not recommend the shrimp and pork summer roll, it was a bit bland and the shrimp flavor didn't totally come through. The real star of the meal was the BBQ pork. It was super flavorful and juicy on the vermicelli and in the summer roll alike. Truly one of the best summer rolls I've ever had! I just wish I had more. Get the BBQ pork on anything and everything!
Overall, definitely a good option for delivery as it is fast and moderately-priced.Pho is pretty solid. All the beansprouts, lime, and basic were all fresh. Meat to noodle ratio is pretty skimpy. They have a 100+ long item menu. You can get everything from seafood to deep fried pork. $15 minimum on card.Great Pho in the Grad Hospital neighborhood! Also wonderful to be able to do groceries right next door!Huong Tram is easy to miss, hiding in plain sight in a small commercial building surrounded by high chain link fences that make it look like a construction zone. Consider yourself fortunate to find it, because this house under new management has a strong Vietnamese kitchen and is large enough to seat a lot of people.  The servers in green shirts are attentive and for the most part bilingual.  They seem to enjoy their jobs, which is a sign that ownership cares about them and the quality of their interactions with customers.  
We stopped in after shopping down Washington Avenue, in need of some sustenance after stocking up on our Asian food supplies for the month.  We were in the mood for both Vietnamese and Chinese food, and found that they really did a good job on both.  
We ordered Wonton Noodle Soup, their Deluxe Fried Rice, and Sweet & Sour Chicken.  A little from column A, and more from column B.  The soup had the excellent flavor of a long simmering beef based pho.  It was rich with mildly spiced undertones, thin sliced steak, and a load of vermicelli noodles and wontons.  The side plate of accessories was put to good use to bring the taste up even more.  It was such a large bowl, that we were given a second smaller one without asking.  It came in handy as I slurped heartily from the secondary pot. Didn't even need any Sriracha. If there was any weakness it was the wontons, that while delicate lacked much filling and thus, taste. This kept it from being nearly perfect.  
The S/S Chicken was better than expected - crispy thin coating, tender white meat that did not have the texture of being frozen, and a thick tangy orange sauce, pineapple chunks and green peppers.  Liked it.  Finally, the House Deluxe Fried Rice was excellently made; moist and full of small caliber meats and veggies.  So good after too many Chinese take out mass produced fried rice sides.  This was the real deal.  
Huong Tram is another superior entry into the Vietnamese world around Washington Avenue.  Will definitely be back to dive into their soup and com (broken rice) offerings. Their smoothies look great, too!Very clean. Delicious food. Best pho in south Philly. Our food came out in very quick. Staff is very friendly and proficient, must try! Won't disappoint!I've been there first time best pho in south Philly. Very clean. Enjoyed sea food noodles & fried rice. Very good experience. Must try, won't dissapoint!As far as Vietnamese food in Philadelphia​ goes, the Bún bò Hu and Bún riêu were rich in flavor​ and full of ingredients you know and want. Both broths were uniquely complex and light. You can't go wrong with the price, ~$10, for large portions. The menu is extensive, but I would advise ordering from their first 5 pages that have pictures beside each item. Great spot for Vietnamese food, especially​ if you're willing to try something other than the pho dishes.I've always been curious about this place since it's inside of a mini shopping center, so I gave it a try. Ordered the Bun Dac Biet and some shrimp summer rolls. I was underwhelmed. Compared to other Vietnamese places in the area, I thought this was just OK. Not bad, not amazing, just OK. The food did come out super quick, which was nice, but it would have been nicer if they checked in to see how things are going shortly after the food dropped, not 15 mins in. I also asked a server for the check, he says OK. I wait for about 10 minutes and realize no one is coming back to end up paying at the register near the entrance. Needless to say that the service could use a bit work. I'd actually come back again to see if the pho would be better.This restaurant is located in a big warehouse type building and it's in the back on the right as you enter the door. It's not really easy to find that's why I left this description. There is a big parking lot but on this current day there was a few spots blocked off by construction and delivery vehicles. I imagine the lot could get quite crowded on weekends. For the restaurant there is some side parking in the back.
I was impressed with the massive amount of offerings on the menu. honestly, the largest menu offerings on a Vietnamese menu that I've ever seen. 
Note: I didn't see any prices on the menu below the pictures. But other items in the back such as smoothies drinks, and family dinners had prices. 
I got a Taro moothie which was four dollars and my entrée wound up being 995 but I didn't find out until I got the check. This was very reasonable. 
My meal was fabulous. Exactly the way it was pictured. 
But that's where it went downhill. I noticed other diners were presented with a pot of tea. I was not.
I also noticed other diners  were checked on. I was not checked on once. 
It wasn't crowded here as I arrived at 2:30 and there were three tables of two occupied and a table of five walked in shortly thereafter. I should've been checked on because it would've been nice to get a refill on my water and I could have ordered a pot of tea.
Maybe this is one of places that charge for a pot of tea? Either way I would've ordered one if I had to pay for it. 
Since I wasn't checked on I wasn't given the opportunity to order a couple items that I wanted to for takeout so they lost some business there. Dumb with a capital D. 
When I was done I pushed my plate aside and waited for the check. 15 minutes and it never came. One waiter was clearing tables to the left of me so I asked him for my check whereupon the other waiter delivered it The check was plopped down on the table without a word, or even asking me if I enjoyed the meal or wanted anything else. 
The final insult was when he didn't take the dirty plate with him. The Customer service here was severely lacking. Highly unusual in a Vietnamese restaurant.
Or maybe this is one of the places that just don't like solo diners? 
Terrible service deserves star reductions. 
I paid, Went back to the table to leave the cash tip and within 4 seconds he was there to scoop up the tip before I was even two tables away.
It would've been nice to see one of the waiters while I was dining.I really wanted pho, and I was really too lazy to go get it, so I gave Huong Tram another chance via Caviar. This experience definitely warranted an upgrade from my previous review. 
The pho arrived perfectly packaged - the broth was in a plastic container inside a brown paper bag; the noodles and beef were in a styrofoam container, and the sprouts, lime wedges, jalapeños and sauces were all in a separate bag. I put everything together in a giant bowl of my own and enjoyed my lunch. I did think the restaurant was a little heavy handed with the onions, but aside from that, the soup hit the spot. I'd consider ordering from Huong Tram again.Came here with my family for lunch since this is their go-to spot for (good) Vietnamese food and was pleasantly surprised by how delicious their entrees and apps were. They also have a large (shared) parking lot. My dad loves the bún bò hue (spicy beef & pork noodle soup) from here and always orders that. We, on the other hand, all got different things like the bún riêu (pork & crab noodle soup), broken rice with pork chop & egg, my usual-vermicelli with bbq pork & spring roll, pho ga (chicken pho), pho đac biet (special/ combo pho), fried chicken wings & pork summer rolls.
Everything was really good except for the chicken pho, which was only ok (no place can beat Pho Saigon on that one). Mind you, their large size bowl is huge so if you're not that hungry, go with the small size and plus, all their portions are pretty big already. The fried wings were crispy and flavorful, summer rolls tasted fresh and their bbq pork/ pork chop were tender and juicy. Great attentive service, server managed to remember all our orders without writing them down and all the food came out quickly. Highly recommend this place for authentic Vietnamese food.