My little boy enjoy watching them make the ice cream right in front of him. They use fresh ingredients and the staff are very friendly. Definitely will be back.I have tried Iceland, Teassert, and Sweet Charlie's rolled ice cream and it all somewhat tastes the same to me. I am a sucker for black sesame so I had to get the Black Sesame ice cream here. It was very creamy and has a subtle nutty taste . The condensed milk made it sweeter, but other than that it was perfect for my taste. I also opted for red bean instead of grass jelly. By the way I love the owner David, he's awesome!I love this place. Matcha mania is my favorite one. Very unique flavors and friendly staff. 
I'd say a little overpriced, but well ...  so as many trendy things these days.First time trying this place and I gotta say, not impress. Got the black sesame flavor and it's not that flavorful. I will give credit that they have unique flavors compare to other roll ice cream shops. The downside is the amount they give you. Toppings are fine but it's the little amount of ice cream that make me want to go somewhere else.ICE NY was a very tasty treat.  After much deliberations, too many delicious choices, we got the Strawberry Cheesecake ice cream.  Wow, Really good.  we finished it in a matter of minutes.
So many delicious flavors and combos to choose from, maybe next time....My kids really enjoyed the Vietnamese coffee and fruit loops ice cream even though it was 22 degrees outside. Service was great and it was fun watching them make the ice cream roll dessert creations. They are so beautiful.What a neat place for ice cream. We enjoyed our visit. The staff was very cordial and had our order ready in a timely manner.Really cool way to make ice cream-mesh up the toppings into the liquid, roll it out until it solidifies, then roll them.  Had a great time watching.  Got the chocolate and banana pudding. Ice cream was ok but experience overall was really great.Not sure how we found this place, since it's located in this newly built Asian Reading Terminal-like area, but after eating dinner at Dim Sum Garden we just happened upon this place for lunch.  It's an Asian spin to Sweet Charlies.  This place is rolled ice cream on STEROIDS.  My 3 yo decided that he wanted the Fruit Loop, of course, he's a 3 yo and that thing looks like an entire bag of Halloween candy.  Just waaay too sweet through.  But the service was good and place was clean.  Price, was whatever, not a value but, you know they put some muscle into shaving that ice cream.  Curious to see how much longer this rolled ice cream fad will stay alive and what will be the next dessert craze.I've been seeing people post rolled ice cream everywhere on Instagram for a while and then found out about I CE NY and had to go try it. The ice cream shop is located inside Chinatown Square (an upcoming hip food plaza). I CE NY has a fairly small flavor menu, but all the ice cream flavors and toppings are pretty yummy. Cost will run you about $7 per cup. I tried the taro (which had coconut flakes, corn flakes, mochi, whipped cream, and I added chocolate Pocky sticks), my bf had the strawberry cheesecake, my son had the cookie spree, and my daughter tried the chocorilla. There can be quite a line on a nice day since the ice cream takes a bit to make individually. We went on a Sunday afternoon and didn't have to wait too long (10 mins or less). My taro ice cream was pretty good. Creamy and refreshing. My favorite part was the mochi topping on there. I tried a little of my son's cookie spree, and it was good (especially the brownie bits). My bf said his strawberry cheesecake was decent, but he still prefers old-fashion ice cream to rolled ice cream. My twin tried the mango flavor before and highly recommends it. I'll be back to try that and the rest of the flavors. :)I don't see the hype.  Ice cream is good but it tastes like regular ice cream.  You pay a premium for a show and ice cream rolls.  
It's good though but I got the experience out my system and not going back.Eaten here twice now. Both times I got ice cream tacos, coconut ube and go green. So happy to finally find ube ice cream in Philadelphia not to mention an ice cream taco on the east coast! We seem to be a little behind on the W Coast trends. Ice cream tasted good, flavor on the ube was close to what I've had in nyc and toppings were delicious on both would definitely get again. Didn't ask but wondering if the other rolled ice cream options can be turned into ice cream tacos as the mango sticky rice one has my name on it!The rolled up ice cream can take a while to make but the wait is so worth it. The mix of ingredients is great and the texture really nice. I was afraid it would be weird or rubbery but it was actually fun to eat. There is also a lot more in a cup than I expected. Serving size is pretty large and because the cost isn't cheap, it works out nicely. Def one of my new favorite ice cream places in the city.Totally fun experience for kids and even big kids!    I like the set price deal, which is a bit pricey at $7 yet not unreasonable.    There are a ton of create your options, or you can pick something already customized.  Choices range from an ice cream base to one chopped-in filling then 3 toppings plus a sauce and whipped cream option as well.
The process to make these delectable treats is a bit time consuming, but the kids really enjoy watching the show.   Just don't go expecting some quick cheap treat.   Otherwise it's a crowd pleaser.I got the chocolate ice cream withThe overall taste is a 3/5 for me. They have a lot of topping choices but the flavor was not as rich.This place is great! I got the black sesame with Oreo mixed in with berries and whip cream toppings. It's my second time here and the staff is so nice and the ice cream is made pretty fast. It's so cool watching the ice cream be made. The texture is a little different from normal ice cream. To me it's a little chewy (not bad). The portions are huge but its so good you could finish it easily.Good ice cream at a reasonable price! 
When you're handed the ice cream in the cup (after they hand make it in front of you), it doesn't seem like much. But after eating about half of the ice cream, you're full.
The ice cream is delicious, and they have plenty of options for the toppings. Wish they had more ice cream flavor options, but they don't.I had never been to Chinatown Square before or never have I ever tried Thai Rolled Ice Cream. The ambiance is nice and modern and seeing them make your ice cream in front of you is a really cool experience. I got the Viet Coffee flavor and the taste was very accurate! It makes for a really cool picture and tastes amazing!I had Vietnamese coffee and sticky rice mango. Both are good. I would recommend sticky rice mango with chopped mango mixed inH U G E fan! We always grab ice creams when we're in the areA. I always get the taro icecream with biscoff inside & a condensed milk drizzle. If I want some chocolate I add brownie on top! So yummy. I think that anyone who says otherwise just hasn't found the right thing ;)My first time having rolled ice cream. I like that there are many option to choose from. The ice cream is not super sweet which I like.Mango Sticky rice and Viet Coffee is my  go to flavors. But they have a great menu to choose from. Conveniently located at Chinatown square, great place to grab desertThe ice cream flavors are awesome the wait, not so much.  We waited 25-30minutes before we got our orders - this was on a Saturday night with 3-4 groups ahead of us.  I think this echos the reviews other yelpers put here in that the location is prime and the end results of ice cream in my belly is fully satisfying, I just don't know if I want to waste half an hour of my life for that experience again.Favorite rolled ice cream place in the area. Location is easy to find, right on Race street and next to Halal guys. Theres a lot of variety for ice cream and you can make your own but my favorite is the thai ice tea. Tastes like real thai tea and the lychee adds a nice texture to every bite. I heard the mango sticky rice is really good too so I'll have to try that next time. The staff and manager are really nice and get your orders out in a timely manner. Would definitely recommend if you're ever in Chinatown.Very convenient in Chinatown foot court.  I ordered the thai tea Ice cream roll. The sweetness was just right. It's not overly sweet like the ice cream roll place we have in Tennessee.  They also have happy hour so if you come during  happy hour it is 50% off. Also if you check in on yelp before paying you will get $1 off. So make sure you check in and show the cashier before you pay.Best rolled ice cream I've tried!! Toppings were good and they give you a heaping full cup of ice cream!I love the ice cream they make there, its fresh, tasty, amazing, great customer service, come try it outThis place is pretty good if you are looking for rolled ice cream. It was pretty flavorful, creative, and the ice cream makers are really nice. I got the ube ice cream, and it tasted just as expected yay.This place is the popular place now to get rolled ice cream. Its in Chinatown square so very convenient when getting food there, or when you're there for the karaoke. They have a variety of flavors, my favorite being "ube" and "matcha". However, I wish they gave more ice cream for the price of $7,I. Am. A. Fan. :) 
I stopped in here after a group of us got Dim Sum a couple doors down and ICE NY hit the spot. I ordered the Mango Sticky Rice flavor and fell in love. They even include to balls of warm sticky rice on top and the warm vs. cold in the cup created a harmonizing experience for my taste buds. I'm ordering it again if I come back. My friend ordered the Ube and enjoyed it just as much as I enjoyed mine. I didn't taste it but she gave it two thumbs up. Definitely try this place and check into yelp for $1 off your cup.Mango Sticky Rice and Vietnamese Coffee is to die for! The best items on the menu by far!Always a pleasure to visit. When it gets busy it can definitely take a while but it's a good spot.Yuuuuuumy! Been to a few rolled ice cream spots around the country but this one definitely stands out. From their unique base flavors like Thai Iced Tea, UBE and TARO. Aside from that they have limited editions like "ice cream tacos and Korean waffles". Their selection of toppings is also very different and fun. My friend and I both had the UBE and Thai Iced Tea. Both were AMAZING in their own right. Definitely would recommend this place to anyone. It's an experience in itself watching the associates make the ice cream in front of you AND then you get to enjoy not only a pretty treat- but a DELICIOUS one. If you happen to be in Chinatown in Philly please don't pass up the opportunity. Make it your business to stop by. You will not regret it.I got the green tea rolled ice cream and theres a really strong powder flavor in the matcha. However they have really cool flavors like mango sticky rice. So I would go here just for the different flavors but ice cream isn't that great.Thier Matcha rolled ice is really really strong! Be warned! But very delicious overall!The best ice cream and great price too.  Plus you get to watch them make your ice cream from scratch! A definite must!My friends and I ordered thai tea and cookie spree during the grand opening bogo special after an afternoon meal of dimsum. The manager was very nice and charismatic when greeting all the patrons. However, the product did not match the great customer service. 
The lychee mix-in overpowered the thai tea ice cream and we got one small piece of grass jelly for the topping.
Cookie spree was our favorite of the two but I would not pay $7 for either cup of ice cream. Overall, we thought the rolls needed to be rolled nicer. The sizes and lengths of the rolls were inconsistent.
Hopefully the quality has improved since opening but I wish the business owners luck as they've some good competition.I've come here quite a few times. At first I was really into the whole roller ice cream craze but later realized you're really just paying for the show. You don't get much ice cream if you really think about it. However, they have pretty good flavors that I feel like are different from other places. The mango sticky rice one is great. It adds an extra little element of flavor with the sticky rice. The most recent time I went I got the viet coffee flavor. I had been dying to try it for a while but every time I went they ran out. I have to say it was also pretty good but I asked to substitute the grass jelly with something else but was still given grass jelly. Overall this place is pretty good if you're in Chinatown and want to try different flavors from the ones that every other store has.I have been craving for ice cream and this place really  hits the spot. I got the Vietnamese Ice Coffee flavor and it taste like a Vietnamese coffee in ice cream form. It was smooth and creamy after you mixed and broke the cookie. The cookie biscuit added another level of texture, crunch, to the experience. The wait is expectable since they are making it fresh per order and there was a moderate line. It is a bit pricey for ice cream and for the portion by the way.
Try the Viet coffee flavor while it last since the Manager or owner said it's only a March promotion. Get it while you can. Yum!My coworker and I went venturing for treats during lunch break again. This time I suggested this place since I haven't gone to the Chinatown Square location for a long time. Ever since I went to my first rolled ice cream parlor, I felt like it wasn't too exciting, just great the experience. But when I came here to get some UBE ICE CREAM (yes, Filipino purple yam) with Oreos, brownie, and Nutella drizzle, it made me realize how this was more than just an experience! This place makes their ice cream really flavorful and worth buying. Also, the fact that they hopped on the UBE train, really excites me as it's extremely hard to get ube-anything here in Philly. It isn't the best ube flavored ice cream, it just helps to kill the crave I guess. Still exciting. Now, I will admit that the people who were working there should've at least greeted us when we came to look around or even ask we would like some help. It's just proper etiquette as a worker in my opinion. But they did make really good ice cream and were patient with us, so it made up for everything.This place has THE best hand rolles ice cream. Everything is delicious. Our favorites are Coconut and Ube!Came to this small corner of Chinatown Square on a Friday night, and it was surprisingly not very packed. We ordered the black sesame base, with lychee mix in but disappointingly, all three topping options we wanted were out (blackberries, raspberries, and mochi) so instead we just went with Kit Kat, blueberries and lychee, and then we got the condensed milk drizzle. The thing cost ~$7, and we waited about 15 minutes for it.
Overall, I can't say the whole experience was exceptional, but it was still good. The ice cream was definitely tasty, and there was a good amount of it, but for $7 there were literally two pieces of Kit Kat, 3 blueberries and maybe 3 pieces of lychee which seemed a little scarce. Perhaps I was just disappointed they didn't have any of my three topping preferencesGood spot for ice cream in Chinatown. Was empty when we walked in mid-week at 3pm, so no wait. Ordered, got the afternoon happy hour discount and $1 off for check in to Yelp for a grand total of $9.50 for two treats. Black sesame -- yummy; Vietnamese coffee -- as expected, with a large toasted marshmallow. Only issue might be the wait with a large crowd, as there is only one ice cream roller machine in the store.Friendly staff and cute shop! The area around was a little sketchy because it was in downtown Chinatown Philly. A little pricer than I had expected too. I also thought the ice cream was too dense and a little too sweet for my tastes. However, the fresh cream was delicious and I loved the variety of toppings!There are a lot of places in Philly now that serve Thai rolled ice cream, so they do need to compete. We decided to give this place a try because they had some base flavors that we haven't seen at other places such as taro and black sesame. We ordered black sesame expecting some deep sesame flavor to the ice cream, but it really just tasted like cookies & creme. Overall it's tasty and doesn't take too long, but not my favorite place around for rolled ice cream.Really delicious mango sticky rice. We have yet to try the other options because we're afraid it won't compare to the mango sticky rice but my friends have seemed to enjoy the other flavors as well. The owner is very enthusiastic and welcoming.Flavors are WONDERFUL. I love the black sesame.
More on the sweeter side, especially if you order with the condensed milk drizzled in. 
Other than that, no complaints. 
Definitely recommend!3 WORDS: MANGO. STICKY. RICE. I guarantee it will be the best thing you've ever decided to put in your mouth. The employees are cool too.If you're feeling adventurous, then I would highly recommend the mango sticky rice - you won't be disappointed. It's a combination of warm sticky rice sweetened with mango and coconut milk. It tastes a little like rice pudding, but better. Yum - my!There are other rolled ice cream shops all over but I CE NY is by far my favorite option. This pace is always clean and fast no matter how long the line looks when you get there. The flavors are super on point. I would recommend to anyone looking for good service and quality ingredients.Came here with no expectations with a friend because we wanted to kill some time. There was a short line and we were greeted by a helpful server. She answered questions and also recommended things I might be interested in. I got the matcha with some Pocky, strawberries, red bean topping, and a condensed milk drizzle. Wasn't a huge fan of the matcha ice cream as it was pretty bitter but when it was combined with the toppings, it was good.
Wish they'd give more toppings. $7 for a cup isn't awful but I don't think I'd come back unless a friend was visiting the area and asked me to come.Come here to unwind, enjoy Impeccable rolled ice cream, and listen to the employees karoake their hearts out! 
It's always a treat coming to ICE NY PHILLY. Best rolled ice cream... that goes without saying. Follow them on Instagram to see what the flavor of the month is! Pandan (March) and Biscoff (April) were out of this world! 
This store's ambience is really what differentiates it from other dessert places. 
The employees are super friendly and welcoming, attentive to order customization / substitutions, and the dessert is super instagrammable. 
I also love how the employees sing along to music- it creates a really fun environment and I like coming here after a stressful week to unwind, relax, get my sugar fix, and just chill. 
I typically come on Fridays around 2-3 pm to avoid crowds. The seating area inside is always kept very clean.This place is AMAZING!  Great toppings, convenient locations, and excellent customer service.  No complaints!I thought that this restaurant did rolled ice cream well, but I'm not sure how it checked out value wise. I definitely thought that the prices left a lot to be desired. Then again, there's not really anything up with this restaurant in particular since I feel that rolled ice cream is generally at least a little over priced but this place was no exception.
Pretty good ice cream but over all not worth it in my opinion. But kiddos to them for offering specials for Yelpers! Check in on Yelp and you'll receive a special on toppings!The place is really good. Amazing service. I usually order a safe option(probably would have ordered chocolate), but I was adviced to try Thai Ice tea icecream. It was delicious. I am so glad I tried something new!Jimmy and his folks make the best after dinner desserts in Chinatown. Came here w a group of five and had the Cookie Spree and Mango Sticky Rice. Phenomenal tastes and quick service.Mango sticky rice is awesome and unlike most other ice cream dishes you can get in the city -- the only downside is that they sometimes don't have it in stock!!
This place is one of the better ice cream places in the city and I always try to swing by when I'm in this part of town. Staff is always friendly and it's a lot of fun to watch them make your orders.
I've also tried the Thai iced tea and the Oreo themed dishes and they were also very good -- you really can't go wrong with most of these options so just order from the heart.Great experience and the ice cream was amazing. Very flavorful. I had the Chocorilla-chocolate base, banana, Oreo, pocket chocolate (which is the sticks), whipped cream, and chocolate or Nutella sauce. I'll definitely being stopping there again the next time I'm in Philadelphia.I feel like this place connected with a halal restaurant took away from the "authentic experience". The worker was quite slow which they only had one person fixing the ice cream yet they have 3 stations. We've had better rolled ice cream in the area, but you do seem to get more toppings at this place... but does cost more!  I realize the place is new so they are still figuring out the kinks.Best tasting ice cream ever!! The atmosphere they provide for their customers is above and beyond. I will be back for sure!!! Btw-- try the strawberry banana roll with smashed in Oreo! AMAZING!Never have heard of it...
After eating schezuan..
It was refreshing
You have to see it to believe it..
Nice !
Gets my vote...best part not super sweet...
I had the strawberry ice creamI had the cookies in cream one. Had a faint and almost artificial taste to it. I wish it had either a strong chocolate cookie or vanilla flavor, or both. My friend ordered The banana cream pie one and that was sweet and had a good banana flavor. However, the service was great- they istened to my friends request to have his "Instagram-able" I.e picture perfect.Customer service was great but the ice cream is wack. Today would be the first and last time I will go back because the cream base was kinda spoiled and the tasted was off. The toppings was not bright for my ice cream at all, most places are unlimited. I would recommend tessert or other rolled ice cream places in Chinatown.Meh. Its okay. Its not worth $8. Its cool but its nothing special. Its a one time thing. I would not recommend to friends to spend $8 on a tiny cup of ice cream.me: Imma give this place 5 stars.
wei: no. lisa better be giving hugs and kisses to everyone and the wokers better be choppin lightning speed to get them 5 stars giirrrrllllllllll. lisa over here threatening to mess up my order smh
me: too bad
-
-
SO HERE I AM GIVING IT 5 STARS :D I think the location is quite nice and easy to find. I personally think it's the best shop in China Town Square (pst don't tell other shops that haaaaaaaaaaah). The place looks aesthetically pleasing and in my opinion, if a shop looks instagram worthy on top of the good food they're serving then YAS THEY DOIN IT RIGHT *insert rapid clapping*
I ordered the matcha flavored rolled ice cream and wei ordered something with mango sticky rice and he's over here hatin' cause smh HE SEE ME "ROLLIN" HE HATIN! 
ok tyvm for your tasty ice creams. makes me very happiesss :) will come again to empty
 me wallets :))This was our first time and I must say it was amazing! Super friendly staff, clean facility and very welcoming. We will definitely go back! #AmazingStaff #AmazingService #AmazingIceCreamI came by after dinner for their grand opening. I've been to the other rolled ice cream shops in Chinatown so the concept was not new to me. The line didn't look too crazy so I walked in. They don't have a physical menu up yet but there were two hanging tvs that showed the different flavors. There were a couple of different flavors I wanted to try, ones that I never seen before and the usual. But I stuck with my usual. Green tea and cookie spree (Oreo). It is cash only. I paid $7 because it was buy one get one free. It was advertised on their social networks. It said the promo was going to run for the remainder of the week. I thought great, I'll come back to try their other flavors over the weekend. While we waited for our ice cream, I checked out the space. There are no tables or chairs so not really a hang out spot like the other places. There was a bench near the register but that's about it. They had about 11 or 12 people working. It looked pretty hectic. It took about 30 minutes or so for my order. Although someone who came in way after me, got hers in 10 minutes. They give you a receipt and call out the number printed. I guess they don't go in order. The green tea came with marshmallows and red bean with condensed milk drizzled on top. The cookies spree was topped with crushed Oreos and brownies. The cookie one looked a lot better. No pics because it wasn't Instagram worthy. First taste, I noticed that it was a lot creamier than the other places. I enjoyed it and was planning on coming back. 
They had posted on Facebook that they appreciated everyone coming out and supporting them. So much that they will extend the BOGO promo for another day. I noticed the post before that said the promo will last for the remainder of the week. So I commented asking which is it. No one responded. Actually they deleted my comment and edited the last post. Seriously? I just wanted to make sure because I wanted to come back Sunday with family to try out the other flavors. If it was for just one more day then I might come back although eating it back to back was not what I wanted. But it was BOGO and the best time to try most of the flavors would be now. I just wanted to see what my favorite would be. That's all. Guess I won't be finding that out. Whoever is in charge of their social media better hurry up and edit their Instagram posts because it still shows the promo for the rest of the week. 1.5 stars.DIRTY PLACE ALERT!
The cashier worker would collect your money and occasionally wipe/clean the counter top without changing her gloves. She would then proceed and help prepare your food by touching all the ingredients and sprinkling them on top of your ice cream. I went here twice and witness it both times. If you don't mind this unsanitary condition, then please ignore this comment. If you do mind, then please be aware!I love this store!!! My fav is the cookies and cream! It tastes like melted clouds. Each time I go to Chinatown I get this. Me and my sister pick new flavors. I have tried 3 different flavors but my favorite has been the one I tried first. Really I think everyone in the world should try this and they should have a special flavor! I bet my friends would love it!Out of all the rolled ice cream spots located in Chinatown, I*CE*NY is by far the best. They give many options to choose from with a variety of flavors as well as a choice to build your own!
Customer service is extremely polite and always have a smile on their faces.
They just released rolled ice cream in a taco shell!! It costs an extra dollar but totally worth it as it comes out pretty and taste like heaven!
If there's one place to tell you guys to get dessert, it has to be I*CE*NY.best ice cream ever!!! fresh ingredients and the love put into making it! wish i can give it 6 stars!The ice cream was good but the wait was out of hand. They had three people working but only one actually making the ice cream. It took over 25 minutes to get my order. Don't waste your time goto one of the other places around the corner!I'm not usually a fan of rolled ice cream in Philly. Usually, the ice cream base tastes like frozen milk with some sugar and ingredients mixed in. It was a place that gave you an experience but not a recommended dessert. However this place delivered in both aspects. The staff was amazing! They were incredibly welcoming and happy to serve the customers. I grabbed the to-taro which consisted of a taro ice cream base, coconut shavings, corn flakes, and flavored mochi. The base of the ice cream actually tasted like quality taro ice cream instead of the unpleasant frozen milk-like bites I'm used to at other places. Well done! And of course, who can rejected fruit FLAVORED mochi? This is the only place I know that has this, and I strongly recommend grabbing some if you're into mochi! Though cash only (for now) and 7-8 dollars, the ice cream is welllll worth it! I'll be making many trips here.The "rolled ice cream" was delicious! It was entertaining to watch and even though it's a bit pricey we were able to use a coupon and got an additional $1 off per cup just for checking in on yelp/Facebook on top of a buy 2 get 1 free special. 3 cups cost is just $12! The Biscoff cup was delicious!Generally an ice cream snob, but pleasantly surprised with the mango sticky rice rolled ice cream. The manager David was nice, service was good. Will definitely come back!!!Awesome place and very hip. Watching these guys roll ice cream is like watching a drummer of a band who is really Into the song. I'd definitely recommend d this placeLet's just say...my ice cream didn't last long enough for me to take a picture! I stopped in for dessert and I was pleasantly surprised. I've visited other spots like this in the city. The atmosphere is pretty cool. Customer service was great. I had a big group so everyone ordered different flavors. Nobody was disappointed! I ordered the cookie spree but added my own twist to it. (Unlimited toppings!) This will now be my go to spot when I'm in China town. Can't wait to go back! :)This place is very welcoming and incredibly lively. They are the original smashed ice cream store and you only get the best from the oldest! Highly recommend getting the Thai Ice Tea ice cream. David and his team really knows how to make their customers feel welcome!I love the new thai rolled ice cream shop. The ice cream rolls look great, and tastes even better! I even had the pleasure of meeting the founders of ICE NY company! I watched as the employees made the ice cream in front of me, and even toasted marshmellow's as toppings. Definitely a place worth checking out!Came in specifically for Ube and they were out but they made it for me :) best customer service and atmosphere is great and obviously the product was tasty