The food is delicious, the staff is very helpful for the uninitiated (me), and the service is spot-on. I can't wait to see what kind of drinks they have when they start serving them. Even if it's just beer or wine, it's still a go-to spot for us.Fresh, delicious Cambodian food in the heart of South Philly. We went in for dinner and had the Prakok Ktis, the lime & prahok cured beef salad and the stir-fried lemongrass chicken as well as Thai iced tea. Everything was fantastic, I don't think I could pick a favorite. The service was also great. Helpful without being overbearing. Right now it's BYOB but they are waiting on their liquor license. I highly recommended thus place for an affordable, authentic & delicious meal.Excellent khmer food. From the dishes, soups and the fish head was delicious. I heart Cambodia!Drove from NY to S. Philly to get Cambodian food bc my grandma is too far away to cook me home-cook meals.
Everything was delicious esp the pharok ktis. The restaurant is very cute + the girl who took our order + served us was the sweetest. Unfortunately babe + I came at the wrong time (Khmer New Year) so a lot of things were closed + no more desserts (boohoo!).
I enjoyed my meal very much...I ordered the seafood mee ga thang and the seafood wasn't an option on the menu but they kindly made it anyways. I do wish they put more seafood into the dish then it would've been perfect.My wife and I have both lived in Cambodia and we both know, love, and occasionally cook Cambodian food. So we can say with some authority that the food served here is authentic and prepared with an attention to detail that you don't always find elsewhere. Their name "I heart Cambodia" is not just a slogan, but a philosophy. Try their trey chien (fried fish); it's an experience.Since the new owner had taken over about 2 years ago, this place has made great improvement in their food and service. I usually get the lemongrass chicken (cha kroueng), papaya salad and steak with prohok but everything else is really good also. The food comes out fast which I appreciate because I am always on the go. I seldom come to South Philadelphia, but when I do this is one of the first place I come to for lunch or dinner with my boyfriend. We both are ethnic Cambodians and I can truly say this is as close as it comes to traditional Cambodian food.First time down in the Cambodian neighborhood along south 7th Street. A bit sketchy, but plenty of street life with cafes, food stores, fruit mongers, and a lot of action down in the park at 6th and Wolf. 
I Heart Cambodia has been in operation since December last.  It is bright and cheery, if a bit noisy due to constant drone of homegrown music videos and poor acoustics.  The folks operating the joint are friendly and amenable to longer discussions about their plans (a bar) and their kitchen (broadening the menu).  As a first timer, I had more than the usual questions about ingredients and spiciness.
When it was time to order we found out there were no Summer Rolls available.  Small disappointment. But, we moved on to select Papaya Salad, Stir Fried Flat Rice Noodles with Chicken, and Prahok Ktis (the "s" is silent).  They were all okay, but nothing was exceptional.  The Papaya Salad was spiced by something that tasted like radish.  It didn't work for us, especially compared to similar dishes in Thai houses. Even allowing for cultural differences, it just wasn't a pleasant flavor.  The Stir Fried Noodles was the best dish; well prepared, but still not as good as others I have had in Philly and in Asia. The sauce for the Prahok Ktis was tasty with a mix of Pork, Coconut Milk, Lemongrass, Kaffir, Fermented Fish Sauce and Peanuts, but the slices veggies to be used as scoops were very small, making it awkward to use as intended. Everything was fresh, but perhaps measured for smaller fingers.  
It became clear looking around the room that the most exciting dish was the Ginger Fried Fish.  It looked great.  Next time that is where we start. 
I would also skip the Thai Iced Tea and the extra bowls of rice as unnecessary for the meal at hand.Went here on holiday since most of the restaurants in Philly was close that day. I'm glad we did because it's one of the best Cambodia food i ever had. Highly recommend the papaya  salad. Much better than any other place I tried it. The whole fried fish was good too. Nice clean restaurant and the staff is highly  attentive. Overall good restaurant.Great service and decent food. I would come back again and try ordering different dishes, as I didn't love the Phrohok Ktis (which I've lived other places). But the papaya salad and a stew we had were good. The food was fresh and the staff couldn't have been nicer!I lived in Cambodia and a fellow Peace Corps Volunteer recommended this place to us. I've also tried Khmer Kitchen, but this place takes the cake. We got their lok lak, me cha with chicken, their prohawk and one other dish I can't remember the name of. The flavors were really spot on, especially their use of lemongrass. I'd say most dishes in Cambodia were a little more fish saucy, but I didn't mind the change. The staff were very friendly and spoke Khmer with us.One of my favorite Cambodian restaurants on the Eastern seaboard. Take it from a Cambodian - this place is authentic and legit Khmer food. I order all my favorite Khmer comfort foods here - the prahok k'tieh (fermented pork dip with veggies), somlaw majew youn (sweet & sour soup with pineapple), and thruk prahok sacht ko (steak with fermented fish paste & veggies).  Always so good! They even stay open longer if they know you're coming! Great service and delicious food every time. Highly recommend and have made this one of my favorite go-to Philly restaurants every time I'm in town.I went here because khmer kitchen wasn't open and wasn't particularly satisfied with my meal. The food was mediocre and I didnt feel I got my moneys worth. I will not return.The food here is authentic and priced reasonably. So far, I have tried the Bo Luc Lac and Phnom Penh Noodle Soup. Both were very tasty. The beef was juicy, tender and very flavorful. I do wish the soup was a slightly bigger portion though. I needed to eat about 3 pieces of fried dough to fill up on the noodles. Overall, I would definitely be back. I love to support small family run businesses. See ya soon I Heart Cambodia!You need to try Phnom Penh rice noodle soup here. It's very authentic and home-cooking style. Keep in mind that the place is cash only. The servers are all super nice. I will definitely come back to this place!I was in town for a week. A relative lives nearby suggested to try this new place. Foods were all good and yummy.Love the food here. Very authentic Cambodian food, yet I think everyone would find a dish to suit his/her liking. I'm Cambodian and is dating someone who's not, and is not really into Cambodian cuisine, but he found that he really likes the stir-fried lemongrass chicken. I'm so happy I found this place.Would have been 6 stars if they had beef sticks available! Fortunately, everything else that was ordered was fantastic. Started off with a bok la hong (papaya salad), then Prahok Ktis, and finally the fried whole fish with tamarind sauce (I forget the actual name of the dish). The flavors of every dish was excellent and authentic. Cambodians use a lot of fermented sauces and pastes, so expect that when digging in. The restaurant itself was clean and the servers were friendly. Can't wait to go back and get beef sticks and other items!We walked in and this place is bigger then I expected. Bright and clean. Very nice Cambodian artwork.
Staff here is friendly. Cute "I Heart Cambodia" t-shirt uniform.
Order a Thai tea, coffee and was also served hot tea. Drinks were good.
I ordered beef stew, fish vermicelli noodles and a seafood rice noodle dish. My friend had the quail and a spivey rib stew soup.
The beef stew was good. Lighter in flavor then what I am use to but good. Tender and soft brisket and carrots served with warm bread. It was very good after we finished and our next dish.
Fish vermicelli noodles - my friend was like no way. He didn't want to try. Lol. But he did try and it was very good. Not too heavy on the pallet but just enough flavor. Very well balance noodle dish.
Quail was deep fried. Salt and pepper flavor and a dipping sauce of salt, pepper and lime. This is how my parents cook and served this dish. This brought childhood memories back. Very tasty.
The seafood flat rice noodles were a stir fried dish. Shrimp, squid and fish cakes or cha lua. This was ok for me. Not enough flavor to make this dish stand out from the others.
The spicy rib stew/soup was pungent and full of flavor. Ribs were cooked till its tender. This dish had a slightly sour taste of either tamarind or lime taste. Very different for me but ooh so good. The ribs were so tender you just wanted to suck the flavor of the broth out of it and re-dip it. Lol. 
There is street parking but kinda scarce. It is in rather a bad neighborhood but is worth the trip. I would have given this place a 4 1/2 star if I could. Everything was great. Good food. Good company and then the left overs. If our waitress could have packed our food and put it in a bag this place would have my whole heart. Never the less, their food is really good. I will give them a 5 star based on the food. Definitely a must try for those that are into authentic Cambodian food.
I will be back for more. Still have a few intriguing items I would like to try.Oh-em-gee guys!!! I had the best meal of the whole year here (even though its only January, but hey)! This restaurant is in the heart of South Philly and so the neighborhood is a little sketch. Just park your car near the restaurant and lock it, we had no problems with walking around Little Cambodia. PLEASE order the fried fish with tamarind sauce...It was TO DIE FOR! Don't leave the restaurant without ordering it! The fish was fried perfectly, crunchy, yet succulent inside. The tamarind sauce was the star of the show. I will definitely be driving back from Virginia to eat here again!Was going to Ikea and wanted to try a restaurant with something different. This worked!
Had sweet iced coffee (loved) and a chicken curry soup loaded with veggies and some rice.  Super. Unlike anything I've had before.  
My wife got jasmine tea and a ginger chicken dish. Really it was a GINGER chicken dish. The ginger was not a condiment for flavor.  There was tons of ginger in the dish. 
We enjoyed our meal, and, as we wanted, we got something different!Parking is tight in areas like this, just like Northern Liberties or Center City. The restaurant is located in a predominate Cambodian neighborhood and I didn't realize that there was another Cambodian neighborhood in the city, other than the Logan area. The area itself, is kinda sketchy, because the roads aren't that maintained and the other stores are old looking.. if you've ever been to a Cambodian area, then you know what I'm talking about. 
The decor and storefront is very modern and americanized. Their POS system is electronic and requires customers paying with a card to sign the screens instead of signing an actual receipt. I thought this was cool!
We ordered the beef salad, boklahong, prahok, salaw machu, and beef steak. 
Beef salad: was spicyy! Not alot of beef, included a bunch of onions 
Boklahong: we got mild, but it wasn't a pungent as I was expecting, the flavors wasn't comparable to getting Boklahong from vendors at FDR park or homemade.
Prahok: was good, can't go wrong with that. Good amount of spice!
Salaw machu: again, the flavor wasn't as strong..it didn't taste like how we would make it at home, but it was alright.
Beef steak: was good, just regular steak with lettuce and cucumber. BUT the sauce that came with this dish was SOOOO GOOD!
Service was alright. The two girls were nice but they didn't really refill our waters until we asked.Great family owned restaurant in South Philly. If you like real Asian cuisine, this is your place. They can make anything as spicy or hot as you want. Worth the stop for something different !!Delicious and affordable. The service was great and the food was cooked to perfection . I loved the mood yet complex flavors, and I appreciated how attentive the staff was to my needs. Highly recommended!I can't thank my friend enough for discovering this hidden gem! My friend and I have been looking for different Cambodian restaurants to try in the area and I can't believe that this exceeded our expectations. We went with a party of three and was seated immediately. We did notice that a bigger party of maybe 8-10 people were seated right before us. We were a little worried that our food would take longer to come out since the table behind us ordered before us. However, our food came out in good time!
We got the fried quail, bok la hong aka papaya salad, parhok ktiss aka spicy pork as a dipping sauce as our appetizers. My favorite appetizer was the parhok ktiss! I'm not a big fan of spicy food  but that was delicious! The fried quail was fried nicely and very tasty. It sort of tasted like sweet chicken(?) For our entrees, we got seafood fried rice, whole catfish and lemon grass chicken. The seafood fried rice was good! I thought that the lemon grass chicken was too spicy for me. My friends have a higher tolerance of spicy food than me and even they thought that the dish was too spicy for them. But the thing that surprised us all.. was the catfish! I mean... the thought of catfish as an entree would deter people from even eating it. But we ate the WHOLE thing. That definitely exceeded our expectations. The dipping sauce and the veggies that came with it.. complimented the fish so well. I'm not a big fan of fish and I thought that it was so tasty! I would have to say.. that was my favorite entree. 
Needless to say, it is a MUST try! We can't wait to go back! We're thinking as soon as the end of this week. Oh! An additive bonus, they take credit cards too!One of the best Asian restaurants in Philly without a doubt. I have travelled all over SE Asia including Cambodia . The flavours are so flesh, prices are reasonable and the staff are really nice.The food was really good. I had the chicken and rice noodles dish and it was terrific. Unfortunately, the Thai tea was given is a small medium sized cup completely filled with ice. Literally 5 sips and it was done. I brought it up but they said that's how it's served and did not entertain the idea of giving me a refill. Also it's a cash only spot. We had to get money out of an ATM which they had in the restaurant. Wasn't too happy with that.I bring my dog i put her in the bag cause outside hot i can not leave her in the car.  But the owner said i still can not bring her in. The bag is close with a net i dont see why not actually. An we eat the whole family about 15 people. So i dont eat i stand outside with my dogExcellent Cambodian food. The staff is very friendly. And the food comes out fast. It is a relatively new Cambodian in the Bella Vista neighborhood but very worth to check them out.At I Heart, the prahok comes two ways; our pick, Prahol Ktis, is made with coconut milk which balances out the fish sauce and chilies well. I could't stop dipping my cucumber slices into and spooning my white rice with this caramelized pork mush, though I avoided the bitter krasang. At another table, a family was disappointed the kitchen ran out of green beans- apparently that's the best dipping tool for your pork.
Raw beef salad ($12) came as a generous pile of thin, marinated beef strips with bits of basil, a dusting of peanut,  and some clumsy pieces of raw red pepper that I picked around.
A bowl of beef stew with carrots is served with either bread or noodles here, for only $6 and $7 respectively. The meat inside the thin, tangy broth was slowly cooked and tender. The warm, french bread crunched as I ripped pieces to dip in to the red stew. It's a small bowl of soup, but with the bread, makes a perfect sized lunch on its own.
Up at the counter, I picked up a pork bun ($2) to go and was told I could heat it up in the microwave. When I did later in the day, I found a unique and spicy mix of mushrooms, pork, hard boiled egg, and a single piece of sausage inside. On its own, it was deceptively filling, thanks to the fluffy dough.
Given that I Heart Cambodia nailed all dishes I tried, including some that other Cambodian restaurants in Philly did not, I would suggest you all give your heart away at this new "Lomo" (lower Moyamensing) restaurant.
And coming soon, beef skewers and a liquor license.Good food served pretty quickly by a friendly staff. It's a little spicy for my tastes (I'm too white for this world), but it's delicious. I love their caramelized pork, and their quail is something else. I've brought several people here since it opened, and I swear the food tasted better each time.Good place but the flavor was bit bland for my tasting. The papaya salad was little disappointing and the reat of dishes were either little too salty or too bland.It was nothing to write home about. First time and not sure I'll be back, for $25 the steak prahok came with regular thinly sliced blanched carrots, broccoli and cucumber. I was expecting the Thai eggplant, and the other type of veggies I'd typically get with a prahok. And like the other yelp reviewer said, the sauce wasn't really my (& my dinner companion) style.  
I might give I heart Cambodia another chance to try to stew and this other entree staple but This place wouldn't be my first recommendations to a friend.Pretty legit place. Very nice, family-owned business. The kind where grandma is in the back cooking. The owner gave us a round of beer on the house and asked for feedback. We only waited 10 minutes for our food. Parking is tough at night. Two big TVs for watching whatever you'd like. No ATM on site yet (cash only). But...the food is well worth it! 
Try the Prahok Ktis if you're looking for something to get with fresh, raw veggies. Best Prahok around for sure! The family will customize each dish to your liking, especially if you have a friend who doesn't like spicy food. Papaya salad is legit too. 
Go relax and enjoy some authentic Khmer food. Excellent spot.Just ate here and I definitely recommend it especially if you are looking for something different in taste. We ordered the tilapia and the pork ground beef with veggies.  Everything tasted delicious. They are not stingy with rice and the owner is very nice. 
They only accept cash and their ATM charges $4 so the owner gave me $4 for the ATM charge which she didn't have to do. 
I did not drink but they have really cheap beers. Corona, Heineken, etc are $3 and they have $5 shots.
Great venue. Quick service. I would go back to taste different dishes.We went to this place for dinner after my friend kept raving about this place. The food was unexpectedly good. We ordered:
Mi Ka Tang (stirred fried wide noodle) with Beef $8.95 -
The texture of the noodle is perfect, chewy, not overcooked. The beef itself was tasty. But the overall taste is a bit bland, need more spices.
Chha Kroeung (Chicken with Lemongrass) $13.95 - 
This dish is sooo delicious, lots of spices and spicy. It comes with a huge bowl of rice. The serves said this is the most popular dish, and she was right.Another place that deserves a 3.5.
We walked in on a Tuesday night, and the restaurant was empty, but as dinner progressed a nice crowd formed. They also seem to do a lot of take out business. Anyway, the place was very clean and brightly lit (if you read my other reviews you know that's a problem for the missus) and the decor was nice. Service was also very solid if you don't mind a slight language barrier (if you're out for dinner in South Philly, you should be prepared for that anyway). On to the food:
For apps we got spring rolls. They were quite decent, although it's hard to mess up fried rolls, right?
I won't sit here and pretend I know what was in the entrees. You know a place is authentic when the menu is primarily in their native language. I had something with steak in it, which was cooked pretty excellently to temperature. The dish was presented very nicely, with a bright and generous helping of blanched veggies. The steak was nice, paired with fresh cilantro, but I must say I was not a fan of the sauce that came with it. Maybe I'm just uncultured swine, but it didn't taste great. She ordered some kind of chicken curry and that was actually quite great. 
No dessert kind of broke my heart, and overall it felt slightly pricey at nearly 50 bucks.
I'll probably come back to try some of the other menu options.Delicious foods, clean and fast service. My favorite khmer restaurant in Philly so far...Hidden gem in South Philly. Chha Kroueng chicken is my go to dish. This place was my introduction to Cambodian cuisine and it doesn't disappoint.Was really expecting something great based on all the reviews here, but was really let down. Asian food is my favorite type (Thai, Schezuan, Vietnamese, etc.) so I was really expecting to get some good, authentic Cambodian food. There weren't many people in the restaurant but the waitress looked like she was in the weeds. She took forever to take our order, brought out the appetizer with the food and took a long time to bring the check. So, 1 star for service.
Onto the food. We got the beef salad to share as an appetizer, but it came with all the food, fried ginger fish and steak w/ pak hok. Everything came out at the same time, the only plus was presentation was really good. The steak w/ pak hok was just bland as a boiled steak. The ginger fish had really good topping on it (ginger and bean), but the fish tasted like algae. The beef salad AKA beef ceviche was nice and spicy, which I love. However, it was soaked in lime juice to the point everything was overpowered with citrus. Food gets 2 stars.
Lastly was the price. When I ordered the ginger fish, the price on the menu was $15. As I ordered it they told me it was now $20, never have I been somewhere where the waitress tells me an item jacked up 33%. At $20 this dish is a rip off. The salad is $13, which I could get from any Thai resaturant (only difference is the beef is minced up in Cambodian dishes) for $7. The "boiled steak" was $14. Total bill was $47 for 2 entrees and a salad from a small hole in the wall restaurant, a bit ridiculous. Value is 1 star.Somlor Kor Kou: Slow cooked pork with papaya, pumpkin, and eggplant.  Stew in a green herb filled broth.  Very tasty, lots of flavor.  Mixed with the rice perfectly.  I can see this being a nice pick me up on a cold day.  
Steak and Prorhok sauce:  Steak served with raw vegetables and a tomato basil sauce.  This wasn't as good as some of the other Cambodia dishes that I had (I thought that it was similar to brahok ktis).  The meat was a little dry and the would have preferred if the meat was marinated in the sauce rather served separately.  
CASH ONLY.  I don't know why yelp has this as accepting credit cards.  There is an ATM inside.  It charges $4.  However, the staff gave me $4 in cash back after using the ATM.  My guess is that they give customers a break with the ATM.Wasn't able to find an online menu, which was one of the reasons for losing a star. 
The food was so good which is the reason for the 4 stars. I got an order of spring rolls which may be the best spring rolls I've ever had, and an order of the chicken stir fry noodles. The portion was huge so I had leftovers for two more meals. I ordered and my food was ready within 10mins--- although not surprised because the dinning room was completely empty.
While waiting I was brought water which was very sweet of them. It is cash only though, which I wasn't prepared for because I thought I read they took cards... But maybe I ready wrong. Plan to order take out again, can't see myself eating there.Came here during our last trip to Philly because my beloved Khmer Kitchen was closed for the day.  The interior of the restaurant is simple and bigger than I expected.  It was lunch time, so the place was fairly empty, but nearly all of the patrons were Cambodians, which boded well for the authenticity of the place.  We tried:
Prahok Ktiss - it's ground pork that is made into a dip that you eat with vegetables.  It is my favorite dish at Khmer Kitchen.  The version here is ok, but definitely not as good.  It is less flavorful and is missing something that I can't put my finger on.  I like the abundance of vegetables the pork came with.
Sweet & Sour Soup - similar to the Prahok, this dish is serviceable on its own, but does not live up to the version from Khmer Kitchen.  The soup was too sweet, which overpowered the other flavors. 
Fried Whole Tilapia with Ginger Sauce - this dish is the only reason that I gave this place four star instead of three.  The fish was heavenly, and dare I say it, better than Khmer Kitchen.  I love how flavorful the fish itself was, usually a whole fried fish relies on the sauce, but here the fish can stand on its own.  This was the only dish that we finished.  I would come back here just for this dish.
Overall, if given a choice, I would probably go to Khmer Kitchen whenever I am in the area, but I Heart Cambodia is a solid runner-up.Maybe just an off night as I remember liking their food. Chicken curry and a sprout noodle dish were VERY bland. One of the specialty tamarind soups (Somlor Machou Kroeung) tasted predominantly of celery. The Brahok Ktis tasted entirely too much of fish oil. I won't be ordering from here again.For the most part, I enjoyed the food.  Nice environment.  Nice service
Papaya salad - too fishy for my tastes
Raw beef salad -  good
Ground pork with veggies -  good (but we didn't get the one carmelized one so i wonder how it would compare)
Lemongrass Chicken - so flavorful - HIGHLY RECOMMEND
Beef Curry - also a good one.  i would recommend
Ginger Fish - VERY CRISPY which I liked.  Maybe the seasoning was a bit weak but overall still tasted good. 
I really like papaya salad so that was the only disappointment for meNo complaints here. Amazing authentic Cambodian food!I looked up on yelp and search for good cambodian restaurant at philly. Based on "great reviews" from yelp, I've decided to make a try at this restaurant and i found an offer at restaurant.com apps. Finally I bought the coupon $25 off for $50 spending.
When i got there with my friends, I asked the owner about the coupon from restaurant.com and he said he didn't know about that and the offer can't be used there. 
So i was disappointed at that time because i planned to redeem the coupon (because i see the price is kind of pricey). 
I can't believe if IHEARTCAMBODIA doesnt have any partnership with restaurant.com or any kind of advertising website/apps.
This is really unprofessional for me, either they just tricked us or it's misunderstanding between business owners and restaurant.com.
But it doesn't make any sense for me..
The food was great.. but i dont think i will return back..Excellent foods....excellent place, and loving it.  This is a great a place to relax....and have traditional cuisine.I'm Cambodian and so you're getting a real review. Tastes and flavors are super good and authentic. They make food like I've been eating as a child from family gatherings. Absolutely love it. Wife and I had fried fish, prahok ktis, and beef salad. There's really nothing to complain about. You want good cambodian food, this is the place for it. 
Its a nice, clean and quiet environment where you can enjoy your meal. Wait staff is very friendly and accommodating. My 6 month old son liked the place too, bouncing around and talking. Few other kids there as well which makes it family friendly. We will be stopping by again next time we stop by in Philadelphia from Virginia.A new Cambodian place is always a destination worth checking out.  And there is much about I Heart Cambodia to like.  But I was hoping to like it even more than I did. Everything started off fine. The space itself is bright and attractive and the friendly staff greets you right away. My first course of Fried Quail (kruche chean) was very tasty - especially with the fresh lime.  The main course though wasn't very impressive to me at all.  That was the well-known Cambodian dish - Prahok Ktis.  I found it on the bland side with little taste of spice.  And the dipping vegetables were okay but I like more variety.  I did improvise by changing it into a rice dish and used the various condiments provided on the table to jazz it up .... but of course in Phnom Penh they don't eat it this way. If I eat here again I will def opt for a different main course ... but I prob will first go to another Cambodian restaurant up the street from I Heart Cambodia which I really like even more.I'm from NY and although we don't have Khmer restaurants that I know of, I grew up around a lot of Cambodian food to know what's good and what's not. The food here was very flavorful and just under my mother's cooking. I ordered Beef loc lac, MiKaTahng, and a coffee and enjoyed it very much. The only thing I am surprised at is the pricing. A little above what I would think the prices should be but manageable.Wow! This is a gem in a ghetto. We ordered fried fish in tamarind sauce and beef sauteed with peppers. Both dishes are very authentic, especially their fish sauce. I'd have given this place 6 stars for their food if Yelp allowed.Best Khmer foods in philly hand down.. decent price big portion. Definitely go back soonFood was better than 90% of places in Cambodia actually. Thai restaurants in philly are generally not so great but this was the first Khmer restaurant I have tried and I loved it! I would definitely go back again. The vegetables were chopped a little lazily but the taste was great.One of the best Cambodia restaurants in philly all the food is good my favorite food are brahok ktis and chicken curry they are so delicious please come and have a taste of this restaurant you guy will love this restaurantGot delivery from here and it was pretty gross. Didn't seem fresh. I was surprised based on other reviews so I guess in-person dining is betterI am beyond disappointed which is upsetting because I really wanted to like this place. 
For starters the area is sketchy. I knew that going in but was willing to deal with it for amazing food. 
When we sat down there was one large party who appeared to have been there awhile, otherwise it was just us. 
The service was just ok. She brought us what we asked for but didn't check back until I made eye contact about 5 times. Never once smiled, wasn't friendly at all. Might have been understanding had they been busy but they weren't.
They were out of summer rolls. We ordered the beef ceviche salad, the fried ginger fish and the steak & pak hok. When we inquired about the seasonal vegetables that came with the steak we were told they're lettuce & cucumber, which was disappointing. I mean I understand that a lot of things come with those items but the way it was listed on the menu made you think it was a side dish of veggies. When we ordered the fish that was $15 on the menu, the waitress said, "That costs $20 now, is that ok?" I mean I guess? $5 is a pretty big jump but at least she mentioned it beforehand.
The best thing about the fish was presentation. I couldn't wait to eat it! But it tasted the way a dirty fish tank smells. The steak dish was ok & cooked how we wanted it but so so bland! We made our own sauce out of the condiments on the caddy. The beef salad was soggy and unappetizing. I ordered hot tea which just tasted like water. I couldn't eat anything except the bland steak. Spent $50 & went home & ate a 2nd dinner because we were still hungry. Don't waste your time!If you're looking for authentic Khmer  food come here. The servers speak English and Khmer. Definitely get the Phnom Penh noodles and discover the Cambodian "pho". It's not the same. You've gotta try it yourself. Humans are creatures of habit so I'm sorry if my recommendation makes you crave these noodles every couple weeks (or days...hours in some extreme cases) get the fried dough to go with your noodles if you're into that.We came across this when we searching for something new. We search Cambodian cuisine around Philly and I Heart Cambodia came up. So we decide to go for a try. 
We ordered the papaya salad as an appetizer. We would said the papaya salad is definitely of the better ones we had so far around this area. It's little spicy if you can't take the heat. But you can always ask them to make it less spicy. As for the main courses. We want to go with traditional family style. So we decided to sweet and sour soup and the fish with tamarind sauce. If you love fish and fried ones. Then you should definitely order the fish with tamarind sauce. 
We don't usually see Cambodian cuisine around Philly. So it's really nice to see they are trying to let everyone who don't know about Cambodian food to try something new. Definitely give yourself a try and come here. I thinks a great places for a family style dinner. We will definitely be back again soon. 
Price worth: 5/5
Service: 5/5
Food: 4/5
Atmosphere/Vibe: 4/5Driving through from NY to MD and decided to check this place out. It's not in the safest part of south Philly but the food was great!
We ordered the stir-fry noodles with beef, ground pork with veggies, deep fry whole fish with ginger and spices on top. The place was very inviting, clean and service was excellent. Cash only!Food is very good. If you are missing mom's home cook meals this place will make you happy. Service is ok.Hm, the food is ok. Not amazing. The three of us spent $80 bucks but didn't feel like anything stood out. The shrimp dish we ordered wasn't cut and cleaned so there was still dirt in it. The cat fish wasn't cleaned thoroughly. There were pieces of fish stomach fat(not fish stomach but fat attached to it) that should be removed but wasn't. It made the dish too fishy. Just some small details but makes a big difference when you put the food in your mouth.This place was excellent!!  The food was completely amazing!!  My friends and I wanted to try something different.  We're so glad we came here.  The staff was friendly and polite.  But the highlight is the food!  Especially the soup!!  The only downside is that there is absolutely no parking.  But thats about it.  The place is well lit and seems like it belongs in a different neighborhood, but we enjoyed it.The food is amazing, and I highly recommend this place. I got the lok lok, this ground pork and fresh veggies dish (that I can't spell, but was the star of the show), and some spring rolls. As I said before -- everything, and I mean everything, was great. I even enjoyed the simple broth soup and the jasmine tea. Based on food alone, this place deserves four stars. Unfortunately, I had to take a star away because they do not take credit as listed here and on their business, and the waitstaff told us the ATM was free, only to be charged $4 plus a separate bank service fee. Hopefully, they'll update the signage or people will be forewarned and come with enough cash. The food is a little pricier than what I expected, but still delish (as I've said 3x now - try the ground pork with coconut and veggies - you wont regret it).Love the food! It's definitely a hole in the wall. Not the kind of place that a person unfamiliar with the area would go to. Its in the heart of South Philly. 
So far I have tried the Phnom Penh Noodles, beef loc lac and the Prahok Kadis (probably all spelled incorrectly). The Prahok comes with a nice variety of vegetables and my husband absolutely loves the beef. He devoured it so quickly that I only had a chance to have one piece, literally one piece. We will most definitely be back!This is our regular Khmer restaurant in Philly for over 3 years now! We drive from NJ every weekend to this place and definitely worth the trip every time. Food never disappoints and service is always outstanding. I am one who hardly ever write a review but this place is exceptional and have to make sure it's known. Everything tastes authentic and even westerners WOW about the taste!BYO in South Philly less than a mile from the Stadiums.  Had a couple different dishes including the curry which was awesome.  Solid price.  Seemed authentic.  Would recommend for an atypical cuisine.  Wish they had some kind of sampler platter though.Nice, little quaint Cambodian restaurant tucked away in a tiny Cambodian enclave in South Philadelphia. 
Found while aimlessly walking around South Philly. The neighborhood in itself feels like a microcosm of Cambodia in Philadelphia, with all stores having signs in Khmer over English, and a lot of Buddhist temples and street food vendors.
I Heart Cambodia was a great experience. I don't recall the name of what I got since it was in Khmer, but it was chicken with rice noodles in a lemony chicken broth. The texture was just perfect, and the soup tastes phenomenal with beansprouts and mint leaves. The staff is extremely friendly too, and I'm guessing this place is popular since it had a lot of people when I went there.Amazing low key Cambodian BYO. We went on a Saturday night for dinner and it was busy but we had no problem getting a seat. We had no idea what to order so the staff helped us pick some of their favorites. We got the Brahok Ktis and Trey Chhian Chhoun fish. We told our server we liked spicy and they really delivered. Be aware that they told us later they did "white guy spicy" that was still packed with heat. We like our food as spicy as it can get at most restaurants and I don't think we could handle much more from this meal. It may have been the chef that night but either way, it was fantastic. 
The Brahok Ktis has ground pork, coconut milk lemon grass paste, kaffir leaves, and fermented fish sauce spices. It came with a plate of raw veggies to dip in the pork. The pork reminded me of a minced meat chili. It was fantastic to be balanced with crisp and refreshing veggies. 
The Trey Chhian Chhoun is a whole friend tilapia, topped with saute gingers, scallions sweet and sour sauce and black bean sauce. The ginger was so flavorful and amazing. They also loaded up the chili peppers as well, which really made this fish the best thing I have EVER had. The skin was so incredibly crispy, it was phenomenal. The fish was enough for 2 people if you are beasts like us, but you could share with more if you are on a diet ;).
I would highly recommend this place. I can't wait to go back and try more of their menu.This place has improved since the change of owner.  I recommend the fried tilapia with tamarind sauce $20 and steak, both were better than Khmer Kitchen, but KK still has the better prah hok kateeh.  I would definitely be back though.
Food was excellent.  Sauce is spot on and a nice variety of veggies accompanied the steak & fish.This is hands-down the best Cambodian food I've ever had. Everything is perfectly spiced with the delicate balance of sweet, salty, and spicy. I went with a Cambodian friend, which is great because I would never have been able to read the menu but also not necessary because I feel like everything on the menu is incredible. We ordered family style (about 10 plates for the 6 of us) and there was so much food and it was all SO GOOD! The sauce that the whole fish came in is literally the stuff of my dreams. I will definitely come back here next time I visit Philly!so apparently the website called "restaurant.com" has a coupon when you spend $50 you'll get $25 off and we bought the coupon. today we decided to go there to redeem that coupon and they told us they didn't have the partnership with that website. we were surprised because that's impossible if the website can offer or sell a coupon without an agreement with the owner of the restaurant. that's horrible. if i can give "0 stars" for the review i will and as a "business restaurant" this is really unprofessional even the food and the services are fine.Not bad at all!  Again, I don't have enough knowledge of khmer food to know what's great, but this is good food period.  We came here when they first opened, and ordered the Brahok Ktis, the fried quails, and a noodle soup that had fish balls, beef, and a bunch of other stuff.  The soup was OK, but the quail and brahok ktis were both very awesome.South Philly's the place to get your grub on, especially Cambodia Town. I'm pretty envious but simultaneously glad that Philly's just a short bus ride away from New York City. I never got the chance to try the much-raved Khmer Kitchen, but we thoroughly enjoyed our meal at I Heart Cambodia.
We ordered the brahok ktis since I heard it was one of Khmer Kitchen's most popular dishes, and I wanted to give it a try here. This mix of ground pork, coconut milk, lemongrass paste, kaffir leaves, and fermented fish sauce made for a really fragrant, sweet, and spicy "dip" of sorts. It was oily but delicious. We also got the whole fried tilapia with sweet and sour tamarind sauce. The tilapia was really tasty, with nice crispy skin and flaky, tender meat. We could even eat some of the fried bones. It also went well with the tamarind sauce. Both dishes came with raw vegetables that added a refreshing contrast to the oiliness and were a good way to get those veggies in.
I got a durian shake made with fresh durian, and trust me, you can taste the difference. My friend got an "egg soda" since we were both curious about it. It's made with raw egg, seltzer, and condensed milk mixed together. Don't worry about the raw egg, you can't even really tell. It tasted a lot like a vanilla egg cream to me.
Our waitress, who grew up in Cambodia, was super friendly and helpful. She told us a lot about the country's culture and food. I hope to visit one day, so it was great to get a little primer.Very good food with friendly service. We had the noodle soup with fried dough, papaya salad and beef salad, the pork dish with dipping raw vegetables, and lok lak. All very delicious as well as the iced coffee. The restaurant was busy but the food was served fast and hot. It's hard to find good Cambodian food, will definitely try to come backWent here with a coworker for lunch and was blown away with how good the food was. I never had Cambodian food before, but I'll sure be having more of it now!
We ordered 6 or 7 different things from the menu and they all were fantastic. Fresh ingredients, great flavor and quick and friendly staff.
Highly recommend!Stopped by here for lunch because a friend of my hubby suggested it. Extremely fast and friendly staff and service. Ordered summer rolls for appetizers - tasty and fresh tasting. Ordered egg soda and it was yummy. For my meal, I ordered beef Mi KaTang ( stir fried noodles with veggies, egg and choice of meat). Seasoned well and was overall delicious. Beef was a bit tough and hard to bite into. Hubs and sis ordered Phnon Pehn Rice noodle soup ( Khmer version of phó). Both said it was good and asked for fried dough on the side. Large portions for reasonable prices. Wish it wasn't too far from Baltimore - otherwise we would come more often.came here for lunch today with a friend. We lucked out and got parking very quickly not too far away, less than a block. Upon walking in, I noticed the place was very nicely kept, clean, bright, looked new but yet traditional. we took our seats and the waitress came over very quickly to see if we would like drinks. Once the drinks came out, the waitress took our food order. the food came out in a timely manner, freshly made and very aromatic. my friend and I started with a beef stew, quail with salt and pepper sauce and A fish noodle soup of some sort, all very good and the bread was served warm, extra points. my main course, which was a short rib soup was very tasty, but I wouldn't recommend this dish if you can't take a lot of spicy heat. I personally love very spicy food, so it was perfect for me. all in all, the service, food and atmosphere were great! I also checked the men's bathroom, which was very clean. The only negatives for this place were; the neighborhood isn't the best, the rice was a little overcooked, and when we asked for our food leftovers to be made to go, the waitress just gave us to go containers and a bag, which got a little messy. This place is new, so I know they still have a few things to learn. I'm giving them 4 and a half stars, but I will round up to 5 since they are still new. I would definitely recommend you try this place! I'll be back!Another year, another get together for Cambodian food! I'm ashamed to say that this was only my second venture out for this cuisine (the first one was for Khmer Kitchen the previous year).
#9 Beef Lok Lak: $12.95 regular, $19.95 family size.
#23 Brahok Ktis: $9.50. Ground pork, coconut milk, lemongrass paste, kaffir leaves, fermented fish sauce, veggies for dipping. Again, not a fan of the veggies, but the sauce/paste was delicious.
#28 Fish with Tamarind Sauce: $19.95. Fried Tilapia with sweet and sour tamarind sauce. This was really nice - the sauce paired nicely with the crisp/delicate fish.
#18 Chua Kroeung: $13.95. Chicken (or beef) stir fry with celery, jalapenos, green pepper, lemongrass paste. Heavy on the veggies. 
#32 Beef Salad. $14.95. Lime and prahok cured beef tossed with shallots, radish, toasted peanuts, herbs. I usually like tartare types, but I wasn't a fan of the texture and flavor of this dish.
A lot of us wanted the French Coffee before venturing out into the cold.  However, they ran low - and some of us got an obviously smaller (half) portion ... charged at full price. 
While flavors did not have the same depth and complexity as Khmer Kitchen (which is unfortunately now closed) - I Heart Cambodia is a good BYO to get together with friends for a good meal.So so. The Nam Vang was good, but they mixed up our order and instead of the Beef Lok Lak, they gave us Beef Salad, which was not good and not what we ordered. Since it was takeout and we don't live that close to exchange it, I'm disappointed that I just spent $50 on a meal there.