This place is exactly what you think of when you think South Philly... I pass by here a lot but it never looks open or I never have money on me. I decided to get closer to see if they were actually closed or just looked that way, lucky for me they were open! I ordered and was told it would be a few minutes. I nanny in the area and while I was waiting, Vincent was nice enough to give the baby a little treat to keep him occupied. Vincent was in and out but each time would make conversation. He showed me his niece and had great small talk. The 15 minutes I waited (the grills weren't on when I came in so they had to fire them up) seemed like 5 minutes. 
The baby needed a nap so I decided to walk back and eat at home. The tomato pie slice (HUGE) was cold but still so good! The panini I got (chicken with pesto) was also quite large, the size of what would be 2 paninis anywhere else you would go. The sandwich was good, however I would have liked there to be a bit more pesto and a bit less balsamic vinegar. Also, my bread was a little tough; I'm not sure if that is because they toasted it then I walked home or if that was just the bread for the day. 
All around a good experience with great prices for the amount of food you get! I will be back!Tomato pie is definitely one of the best in all of Philly and my personal favorite. Ordered a ricotta pie for Thanksgiving, which was really good too.Catered for a casual grad party for my daughter.  The meatballs and rolls were a huge hit.  People raved about the tomato pie, even the New Yorkers went nuts and insisted on taking some home.  The roasted veggies and salads were perfect too.  The owner threw in some gourmet cupcakes, they were a huge hit.  I definitely recommend them for catering!Ok, yes you've heard about their tomato pie, and it's true. It's the sauce, and man is it delicious. Well balanced and cooked to perfection. Wanna make your own? Pick up some dough and sauce on your way out. Mondays are $1 mania - slices, bread, cupcakes, whatever is on special that day you can't go wrong. Service? Always on point. It's a family affair, they'll treat you like family. Ever since the place has been renovated last year it has really opened up the space nicely. Now you can get a sneak peak of how the biz works. Wanna be a baker, just set your alarm to 2 am! 
Become a fan of theirs on Facebook like me so you always know whats going on. Next time you have a craving for a slice don't go to christian st. don't go to south st, head to passyunk just a block and a half away from the famous cheesesteak shops.I started going to Iannelli's Bakery when I lived 3 blocks away in 1989.
Yes, you can get Grandma's cookies, Italian Bread and even sandwiches now.  But for my review, five stars goes to what has never changed in the some 20 plus years I've been going... and that is the Tomato Pie.
No one, and I mean no one, comes close to the perfect slice of Tomato Pie as Ianelli's Bakery, and I've tried them all (at least I think I have).With a random craving of after meal sweets, my girlfriend and I stumbled upon this bakery over the weekend using Yelp's iphone app.   
We were blown away by the service here.   The two gentleman working the store were amazingly friendly and accommodating to the fact that we had now cash on us.  We had no problem buying more then one desert from them so we could make their credit card minimum.   
The fella even threw in a slice of tomato pie for my girlfriend after she mentioned she had never had a slice from here before.  She was sold and we'll be ordering from there soon.  They deliver!
The only terrible thing about this place is now that we wish every other business was as customer oriented as Iannelli's Bakery.Caveat -- no seating so takeout only, but so worth it!
I hail from Long Island and Iannelli's pretty much puts Long Island Italian lore out of business. Damn good!
I used a Living Social right before expiration expecting nothing of this joint. The sandwiches are ridiculously big. For $30, I got "3" sandwiches but it took 6 meals to finish them and I am a very big guy. The bread is amazing, thick, tasty, crunchy, just to name a few adjectives and the sauces, spinach, meatballs, chicken, wtvr, all incredible. I usually am so bored by Chicken Parms but theirs woke me up. My friends are annoyed with me at this point for orgasming aloud every time I bite into their sandwiches. Please have a try.
And to think, this place is listed as a bakery. Best damn Italian-friendly sandwiches ever.We stumbled upon this bakery as we were walking around South Philly.  As tourists we had never had Tomato Pie.  Our counter person, Aliceson, rolled out the red carpet for us and gave us free samples of the most flavorful and perfect crust Tomato Pie.  It was delicous.  Also, we purchased some utterly delicous cookies.  This was a fabulous stop for us.I grew up with Iannelli's Bakery. 
The Tomato Pie really is the best in the City and their seafood pizza even beat out a famous one from NY in a competition. You can ask them about it, they have the newspaper article discussing it. They are family owned and so are generally interested ad willing to accommodate their customers. Call in advance and ask them for what you want. 
Try their grandma's cookies!I've been here a few times and have to say, they definitely know what they're doing! The cannoli's are amazing and filled when you order them, the pizza is awesome, and their dough is great to take home. The cupcakes are also pretty good.
The service is great, too. Nothing over the top about this place, which is why I like it.Before moving to Philadelphia, I had no experiences with Italian style bakeries and tomato pie. Boy was I missing out! Iannelli's does you good. The staff is always courteous and talkative and the food is banging. Best tomato pie in the city, warm it up for added deliciousness. Also, a big fan of the cupcakes, huge and delicious, the frosting is out of this world. Insiders tip, monday is dollar days so you can get most of their goods for only a buck. If you're in the area and going to Pat's or Geno's then word to the wise, avoid them, go off the beaten path and check out Iannelli'sI purchased a Living Social for Iannelli's Bakery after reading about how good their tomato pies and cannoli's were. The Italian food in my part of the city isn't that great so I was excited about going to Iannell's. I was a little nervous about my purchase after reading some of the yelp reviews, so I called to make sure they would honor my Living Social. The man I spoke with assured me that they accept Living Socials, and helped me place an order. 
I ended up ordering 1/2 a tomato pie and a 1/2 veggie and mozzarella pie. The pies were AMAZING and a really huge portion. I also ordered some cannoli's which I thought were just okay, but I'm more of a savory person anyway. I would definitely come here again (with or without a Living Social), but next time I want to try a white pie and some of the cupcakes.surprised to see only one review for this place, and a lukewarm one at that.  I may need to do a little more tomato pie research, because to me this is amazing.  It's a tiny bit greasy, but the greasiness feels like olive oil, not heavy-- and with a light crust and serious, smooth, intense-flavored tomato sauce, I make a detour for this place often.  Bread is comparable to Sarcone's when fresh, and no line.  I can't weigh in on the pastries.
The dude who works here will chat me up, call me "hon" and "doll".. even though he's 10 years younger than me.  It's pretty charming.Nothing more I can say but this place is absolutely amazing.  I had to plan a tailgate for 65+ people and Vincent helped me through the process (even planned the whole menu) to perfect execution.  The food was delicious and everyone couldn't stop raving about the tomato pie and stromboli.  No doubt in my mind where I'm going the next time I'm planning an event that needs the best Italian food in Philadelphia.  Look no further... Iannelli's is the place.Workers at this bakery/pizza joint in South Philly are so friendly and welcoming. Food is very good but can be on the salty side. Make sure to call ahead and order as it gets busy during the weekends.Tomato pie.......Boom! Not pizza, or really Sicilian pie, its tomato pie. Don't expect to satisfy your pizza craving here, it's a completely different entity and it's a delicious thing in and of itself. Try it! I hear fri/sat dinner and Sunday (early) dinner are bomb too (as well as the cupcakes, but I didn't get to try them). Enzo and chef George are awesome!The Tomato pie is great.  If you've never tried it, I suggest that you do.  It's my favorite kind of pizza.
Also, the service is terrific hand friendly.   
Thanks.Disappointed and will never go back.
Bought the Living Social deal which was worth $30 of food and baked goods. So I opted to get 8 cupcakes which put me at $34 and some change. Their cupcakes are huge so $4 seemed reasonable. The flavors we tried were double chocolate, black and white and vanilla bean. But when we got home to try them, they tasted like they had been baked days ago. The cake tasted like it came from a boxed mix. Stale and rough, even the icing had hardened. I recommend visiting a newer cupcakery (Cookie Confidential, etc.)- Iannelli's has no idea how it's done. Maybe it was because I came in on the Saturday before Valentine's Day?
As if the sub par cupcakes weren't enough, service was pretty rude. When I called on the phone to pre-order 8 cupcakes the woman asked why I was ordering them, for a party or something. I said no, just to enjoy cupcakes. She then reminded me that I should share those cupcakes because 8 is a lot for one person to eat. Well, duh? Then when I got to the store, she was not welcoming and hospitable. As one half of an interracial couple, I'm pretty keen on when I'm not feeling welcome somewhere and this was one of those places. (We were together when picking up the cupcakes and he felt it too.)Wow.
I mean, wow. 
Reviews of their tomato pie an customer service are NOT exaggerated. My wife's slice of tomato pie was unbelievable, great bread, delicious sauce. I had the fried meatball sub with spinach and provolone, with perfectly seasoned meatballs on delicious, freshly baked bread.
Despite a little bit of a wait, the customer service was spectacular. They clearly put a lot of time and effort into making their customers happy. On our way out, we bought a jar of Spicy Crab Gravy to try at home, and, after complimenting the owner Vincent on the food, he threw in an extra jar of his new Crab Vodka Sauce on the house!
We will definitely be back. Next time for a cannoli.Their Tomato Pies are awesome.  
I guess I don't know much about Tomato Pies in Philly, as every time I ask people-in-the-know for a suggestion, I always get sent here.
I haven't been disappointed yet.  Don't get me wrong i've tried slices here and there from others, but never the quality as the whole pie from here.
I threw a going-away party for a friend, and brought out all the traditional Philly foods that would be sorely missed.  This was one of em.  
It was a huuuuuge hit.
It is about to be another huge hit when i bring this one with me for my birthday party at The Borgata.  Can you say 'best hangover prevention cure' after clubbing all night? 
Hells yeahhhhI grew up around the corner and have been going there my whole life. I always used to get biscott when i was a little kid and called them Lady Fingers. Their bread is perfect for macaroni and gravy and their tomato pie is so good! Recently they've expanded and started making cupcakes. I haven't had them but they seem really good
Iannelli's is just a really authentic south philly bakery with really nice staff!Wow, wow, wow. Iannelli's has EARNED its 5 stars from me!
1. The best damn cannoli I have ever, ever had. The filling is creamy, not too sweet, rich. Totally perfect. Totally the best Ive ever had.
I also buy their dough to make homemade pizza and its the best dough Ive ever had. Comes out just right on my pizza stone, crispy on the bottom with just enough "bounce" in the thicker parts of the crust.I purchased a Living Social gift certificate to use at this facility and the owner was so rude and ignorant that Living Social returned my money.  I suggest you visit any of the other "professionally" managed bakeries and Italian eateries found in south Philadelphia.  This business does not even earn one star but in order to post a review you have to give them at least one star but trust me, this eatery should be avoided at all cost unless you like to be insulted and threatened.These are my favorite cannolis in Philadelphia! And ever! I think they're even better than the ones at Isgro's -- seriously! The filling is so rich and creamy, not at all that empty frosting taste that some have. There's also a hiiiiinnnntt of anise (maybe in the shell).  Mmm... perfect.  Truly.
The other pastries I've tried (pizelles, lemon cookies) have been good, too, but it's definitely the cannolis that keep me coming back!I was looking forward to picking up something sweet, especially after reading the reviews about the wonderful cupcakes. I didn't actually realize they baked pizza and tomato pie until I read the reviews,  either.  I walked I was and the place smells amazing. I couldn't resist ordering half a tomato pie and some cannolis too. I wish I had realized the cost before I ordered.  
The tomato pie was good, not excellent. Lots of sauce and not too bready. However, I  prefer the pie from the place closer to my house. All the food was very authentic. I realize I picked up the food about an hour before closing but the cupcake was dry and 'commercial' tasting.  I will commend the canolli. It was fantastic ...perfect.Recently went back to have cupcakes again - and they were EVEN BETTER than I remembered!!! The vanilla one (with vanilla icing) tastes like heaven. The chocolate cupcake is equally amazing.Best Tomato Pie hands down...no comparison. They make some other delicious pies and strombolis that I would love to try but the Tomato Pie is so delicious I end up getting it every time.i absolutely love their tomato pie, even ordering a half is BIG.  i love the totmato pie so much i find it hard to order another kind!!. I've only gotten a couple of their sandwiches which were great as well well stuff..NOT like some my mom would call an 'air sandwich..LOL  The only thing is they are a bit expensive ordering half a tomato pie comes to in total about $15.00 w.tax and add a tip your leaning on $20 bucks.  It's worth it for the taste but at the price at least for me i can only order now and then...also if you only have say 2 people it's a lot of pizza..but that said my tomato pie is almost gone..i had it at dinner around 11 pm then at 8 am ..don't laugh..now i have a few slices for tonite.  Friendly staff too.Best tomato pie ever!
We can not visit Philadelphia without stopping at Iannellis for some tomato pie. We have even had it shipped all the way home to California and it arrives just as good as we have had it at the bakery!Wife and I stopped in for the first time about 2 months ago while strolling along Passyunk Ave.  We've been back about 6-8 times since.  Their cupcakes are the best we've had in Philly - moist cake with the perfect amount of icing.  Flavors include double chocolate, vanilla bean, red velvet and a few more flavors we have yet to try.  
As others have written, tomato pie is also stellar.   The tomato sauce on top is a healthy layer of sweet tomato goodness.  
Last but not least, the lady behind the counter is awesome.   Down home South Philly welcoming.   After the first time we went in, my wife and I both left saying, "That's got to be one of the nicest servers we've met in Philadelphia."We are from out of town and wanted a Philly Cheese Steak.  The lines were too long at Pats and Ginos, who are just down the street.  We stopped by chance at Iannelli's to see if they could direct us to another place that made a good Philly Cheese Steak.  
The place is a hole-in-the- wall and could use some sprucing up, but Alison was great.  She was free with her advice on where to go to get  a good cheese steak.  She then offered us a sample of their tomato pie.  While we have had many pizzas, we have never had a tomato pie.  It was great.  Naturally, we bought one to take home.  
5 stars for the tomato pie and 1 for the place.  Average 3 - but do stop by for the pie!I came here to try out one of their new sandwiches. 
The people working there were very nice and attentive. When I asked for recommendations on a sandwich to order, they first asked me if I was a vegetarian. When I said no, they recommended the primer rib over the chicken cutlet sandwich. Courteous and fast service. What more could you want?
I got the prime rib sandwich and a biscotti for dessert. The prime rib was marinated and they paired it with sauteed spinach and smoked gouda. The meat was nice and tender and tasty. The spinach was really fresh and complimented the meat well. And the smoked gouda was well, like any good gouda, which is to say it was great. 
I had the biscotti for dessert. It was probably one of the best biscotti I ever had outside of the old Pompei Pizza and Bakery and a bakery in NYC. 
I'll be back for more sandwiches and other pastries.Don't try to use Groupons here.  The owner refused to honor mine even though I tried to give them 24 hours notice by phoning (no answer) and emailing (he said he doesn't check emails). Don't bother trying to order online: its only in Italian.  The owner was so rude that I immediately complained to Groupon and canceled my other Groupon I was planning on using next month.  I read here that other people have had the same experience with Iannelli's.  I think that this merchant is trying to get free advertising with Groupon and has no intention of honoring the Groupons people actually buy.  They have certainly lost my business forever.It's one of those days.
You wake up a bit groggy and you find out that some friends are eating brunch around the corner from you.  (shout out Royal)  After you brunch and bloody mary, you find yourself walking down Passyunk to the next bar for one beer (shout out POPE)
And then, out of the corner of your eye, you catch a red sticker that says "People love us on Yelp"
Enter Iannelli's.
I took the plunge and walked into this south philly row home.  It's a well lit baker's kitchen and a display case.  The man working the counter (maybe the owner) was very nice and talkative.  I felt welcomed and comfortable.
I settled on two massive cupcakes.  One chocolate and one vanilla.  They were delicious.  I was very happy with my choice and I will definitely return for more.  Next time, I'll be trying on of their cannolis.  We'll see  how it compares to Ferrara's.The cannolis and tomato pie are excellent.  The bread is great, too.  But I'm a big fan of the cannolis and tomato pie.  Guy who owns the place is nice to talk to.................real south philly style.  :)
LouiseI've only ever had the tomato pie here-- it's the best tomato pie I've had in Philadelphia!  Delicious sauce.  Service is really friendly.  Highly recommendA mini cannoli. $2 a piece.
A delicious mini cannoli! Definitely worth a trek if you are in the Italian Market area. 
(Note I have tasted only the minis and not the regular-sized ones, eg the Anthony's.)
The filling is creamy sweet-y smothery freshly prepared and filled. Rich and luscious.
The shell is crunchy and nutty-toasty with roomy arms to hold the cream.
The filled cannoli headed straight to my stomach before I walked the short block between Passyunk and the S 9th. Delizioso.
When I walked to the storefront at around 11:30am, the day after Christmas, the curtains and the door were closed. Almost walked away, the door suddenly opened. He quickly filled a cannoli.
Let me add that I should have gotten the tomato pie here... I spread the word here on Yelp so fellow visitors get a chance to try!Every time we visit Philly we stop at Iannelli's. It is just a short walk from the Italian Market. They get a five star review from me on their cannoli's. Their service is very friendly, also thier bread with thier own sauce is great. Definatley a must do when you are in South Philly.Wish there were more stars ... local neighborhood gem ... Vincent is as genuine as it gets. His grandparent's would be proud. Everything is good and conversation is even better. The cannoli's particularly stand out.  Well Done!I used to love this place but the last time I was there the smell of mothballs was so bad that it actually got into the food.  I threw my bread away because it reeked and tasted of mothballs.  Gotta love South Philly!What a wonderful find. This was my first tomato pie, unique and good. I LOVE how they do their cannolis. If you buy at least a dozen they give you a cannoli kit. They give you a bag with the filler and the cannoli vessels and off you go. When you are ready you simply snip the end of the bag and fill. This keeps everything fresh and crunchy! By the way, the cannolis themselves are pretty out of this world. Very good stuff AND they ship! So being from California, I can get a cannoli kit shipped to me! Does it get any better?I went there today (Friday at 1:30pm) hoping for a tomato pie and maybe a cupcake but they were closed. A neighbor said they were possibly renovating but wasn't sure. So very disappointing. 
Don't know what's going on but hope they open again soon.I have been going here for many years when the grandparents owned the store.  There has been quite a change.  The sandwiches I tried are very good.  Also, the crab gravy and pizza  are delicious.  These are especially good items during lent.It really is the best tomato pie in the city and I've eaten at most, if not all, of the South Philly spots (old and new). Honestly, that's one of the only things I have gotten at Iannelli's because it's just that good and the spot is usually only open on weekends. Stromboli and cannoli are great too. 
Vinny's a good dude and will bust your balls while you wait. Small businesses like this are what makes a neighborhood special.They were open today 9/28/19 and the tomato pie was fantastic!! Vince is such a nice guy. I enjoyed this experience so much and I can't wait to try the Stromboli next time.Best. Tomato. Pie.  You can argue - but you'd be wrong.
I get that everyone has they're own preferences, but if you haven't had Ianelli's you don't know what you're missing.
Vincent is one of those guys who genuinely loves food, loves what he's doing, and loves his customers.
Sometimes you just have to bring something along, whether it's a dinner, picnic or just a night with the boys - bring Ianelli's and watch how fast it goes.Delicious! Visiting Philly from VA, & stumbled upon this place while walking around. My husband saw the cannoli shells in the window so we had to stop. The guy working was awesome, found out later he is the owner. The only thing disappointing was I didn't try the tomato pie. After reading about it I wish I would had tried some. If we come back to Philly, this will be our first stop. Enjoy!cupcakes are delicious and big but expensive.
and the hours are random. sometimes they are open and sometimes they are closed.
not a good thing.
but their pizza ia also amazing and fresh.I braved the cold and snow on a Saturday to walk over to Ianelli's for their famous tomato pie. I was glad to see they were open when I got there, because I wasnt positive that they were going to be. The place is very small, and if you didnt know where it was or where to look, you may just stroll right by it. The sign is very small and inconspicuous.
I walked in to find one lonely gentleman behind the counter. There wasnt much left in the case. People must have been out and about early before the snow really kicked in. I asked for a slice of tomato pie, and I decided to order a pistachio cannoli as well, to see if theirs measured up to some of their competitors in the Italian Market area. 
After warming up my slice in the oven, he wrapped it up for me along with the cannoli, and I was back out into the snow to trek the 7 or so blocks home. By the time I got home, the pizza needed to be reheated. No biggie. I popped it in the oven for a few minutes and when I took it out, I found out why people think its one of the best in the city. Outstanding. I know the tomato sauce is supposed to be sweet, so this isnt a critique of it, but I would have liked it to have a bit more herb flavoring, or a touch of red pepper to it. It just needed a little bit more. 
The same could not be said for the cannoli. It was pretty poorly executed. The shell was ok, but the filling was watery and extremely lackluster. There wasnt much flavor to it at all and it didnt have any pistachio or ricotta flavor to it at all. I actually wound up not eating most of it.
Id definitely go back for the tomato pie, but Ill stick to some of the other better places in the area for gold old fashioned cannolis.The tomato pie is fantastic.  The cannolis are to die for.  They are absolutely perfect and addictive!Iannelli's is nothing, no excitement. Their pastries won't disappoint you, but it's the same stuff you find at every other South Philly Italian pastry shop---and an extremely limited selection thereof. Good cannoli, a little flakier than, say, Termini or Sarcone's. Still, it's too far from the Italian Market to attract outsiders, and it's too close to the market to be a worthwhile neighborhood bakery. How do these guys stay in business?
The tomato pie? 1 star out of 5. 
Also, the kid that works there in the afternoons talks on his cell phone while he serves you. He seems like a nice kid, and tries hard to seem attentive to both you and the person on the other end of his phone call---but let's face it; no one can pull that off.This is the type of hole-in-the-wall, family-owned Italian bakery that you see in the movies or on the Sopranos (I live in Northern Virginia, so these types of places are rare, or rather non-existent). I stopped in with my family after spending the morning at one of the local museums and we ended up getting a couple of cannoli, a jar of sauce (gravy!) and a pizza to take home. 
We had to wait a few for the pizza (a caprese with a garlic crust) but the owner of the place, Vincent (who should have been an extra on the aforementioned Sopranos), was so engaging and entertaining that the time flew by. And when we got home and tried our pizza, we were blown away. I've had some good pizza in my years and this ranks right up there with the best. If you're in Philly for the weekend and are craving some authentic Italian, try this place.You have to try the tomato pie. Bought it with fresh mozzarella cheese. Was there around 1pm and the cupcakes were already gone. Owner was super nice. We talked for a bit. 
Place is tiny but it was empty so we had a place to sit. 
There was another either there and he gave us good choices for the cannoli. Vanilla cannoli was sooooo good and in point. Comes in two sizes. Not so sweet and just perfect. 
Will be back.This place opens whenever the owner feels like it, usually several Saturdays a year. The only way to find out is through his instagram @ianellisbakery. It's definitely the best tomato pie I've had - fresh, the right amount of sauce, crispy crust, well worth the price. My picture is a half pie, easy pickup and ordering. Ordering is by emailing the owner in advance. Unfortunately his IG is the only place to know when they're open, but it's definitely worth blocking off some time to make a visit.I ordered a whole tomato pie, a whole chicken sandwich and a veggie pannini. All the ingredients are very fresh and made to order. The veggie pannini was large, packed with veggies and wasn't greasy like most pannini's that I have had. The whole pizza pies are huge and 2 boxes are needed. The whole sandwiches are really huge and enough for 2 people. The food was all perfectly prepared and ready when they said it would be. I can't wait until I have an event that I can order cupcakes for. 
For large orders, you must order at least 24 hours before.
I hear they also do private events for up to 14 people at night and up to 5 courses.This place is a diamond in the rough. My friend too me here on a cold rainy day and I had no idea what a treat I was in for!!  Enzo was working in this cute small, intimate joint  and he immediately greeted us and offered us a tasting of his fresh homemade penne a la vodka. It was just what we needed coming in from the rain.  It was hot, creamy, absolutely delicious!  He started us off with his delicious italian wedding soup and then gave us each a wonderful bowl of his creamy tomato sauce with perfectly al dente penne.  We were stuffed but we could not resist the next course which was a slice of their famous tomato Pie.  He even wrapped us both a slice for us to go. This place is a bakery and also well known for it's treats and it was hard to not stare at all the yummy cupcakes/cannolis.  My friend and I both got cannolis to go and they were so yummy. I would say one of the best in philly!  This place was truly wonderful, the service by Enzo was impeccable and the food was AMAZING.  A MUST eat in PHILLY :)Today my son and I went to Iannelli's for brunch.  The food was amazing!!! Service was great and we waited for a table they served us coffee.  You must go here on Sunday for the brunch. ..I had a living social deal, and I ordered several sandwiches for my family. the chicken cutlets were good, not great. but the crab cutlet sandwich was horrific. It wasn't crab, it was fish cakes that tasted days old. kep in mind, a full saized sub costs 16 bucks. I spent 16 bucks on cat food. never again.On a snowy Friday, I went here with a friend of mine in search of cupcakes we had read were amazing. And they infact were. We tried the Mint Chocolate (which tasted awfully like mint chocolate chip ice cream - in short, amazing), and a vanilla cupcake - which was equally amazing. I am a HUGE fan of their cupcakes, and can't wait to go back and try their tomato pie, which everyone else here on yelp seems to love :)Definitely need to say that I found the Tomato Pie to be worthy of a lot more than a 1 star rating. And $2 for a super sized and mighty filling slice is pretty amazing no matter how you look at it.
This review is based on what it offered at the Italian Market Festival, which happened to be two varieties of pie (the other had spinach and mozzerella), and some stromboli's and calzones. But now that I'm hearing about Prime Rib sandwichs and more veggie friendly options I'm very much inclined to find out more about here.Went back yet again, this time to try the tomato pie.  Which when I brought it home, heated it up, and devoured it, proved to be AWESOME. I mean AWESOME. I love going there and eating delicious things. I can't wait to go back again.  Definitely recommend all of the cupcakes, and the tomato pie.Went here with a friend recently while we were in town.  The counter lady insisted we try some cookies (yum) and then we decided and got some more and a great cupcake!  Coming from Vermont I had never had tomato pie and she was floored and offered a sample...the sample was HUGE and my partner and I shared it later in the day (it was free)!!!  Lets just say it was really yummy and I would for sure go back.
I would give 10 stars for customer service!  Didn't give 5 stars as there wasn't much variety.  However, for what they had and how yummy it was 5 stars!I recently bought one of those online coupons with amazon where you get 50% off. It was for $20 that entitled you to $40 of food at this place. My wife and I like to use these to try new places out. If we like them we often become regular customers so its a cheap form of entry and if it sucks we don't feel so bad about the loss. I called this restaurant twice. The first was the day I bought it I was told, pretty gruffly, that I had to wait 24 hours to use it. I thought it was just because the deal value would not realize until the next day as i bought it the day the deal came our. 2 weeks later, after a day of traveling, we decided we would order two half pies and a salad rather than cooking. I called. They asked, when I said I would like to place a pickup order, if I had any kind of coupon. I guess this has become a common question for them. I said I had an amazon voucher. At that point I was told "you have to call 24 hours in advance to use that. It's right there in the fine print" !!!
Who orders a pizza 24 hours in advance?!
This is a scheister move on their behalf. Shame on them for accepting a deal like this and then putting unrealistic expectations in place for potential customers. I for one am done with the snotty attitude and shady practices. It's a pizza not a 24 hour marinade! Or was the plan to take orders ahead and give people day old pizzas you hadn't sold because they paid "less". A terrible business blunder that could have made you lots of new customers. Short-sighted and rude. It sounds like this should be blowing up in your face Iannellis. 
I called amazon and got my money back. You should too.First off, I'm giving it two stars because of the ridiculous prices, not the quality. 
On Sunday the 8th, I stopped there to get my girlfriend's boys some cupcakes. They make very good cupcakes, so I wanted the boys to try some. I didn't really remember the prices, and it had been a year or two since I'd been there. I got 4 cupcakes and a slice of pizza to go. The guy there told me how much: $20 and change! I said "how much were the cupcakes?" He said $4.30 each. $4.30 for a cupcake? That's more than the ripoff Cake Boss in Manhattan. For the price of four cupcakes, I could go to a nice Italian bakery in South Philly and get a whole damned cake!
That's the problem with some of these places. They get popular with the yuppies and the suburbanites, and they see it as a license to gouge. No cupcake in the world is worth $4.30. There are too many options in town to put up with this kind of gouging.My girlfriend and I were walking through the area after grabbing some cheesesteaks at the famous Geno's and Pat's.  We stumbled upon this quaint, little bakery and wanted to see if they had cannolis.
We expected to just walk right in, and then walk right out.  But the lady behind the counter was so nice!!!  Her name is Allison (and I hope that on our next visit, we'll get to see her again!) We chatted it up, and she talked about the area and her life.  Then we talked about how we enjoyed visiting Philadelphia, and what we've done so far.  She told us that Iannelli's is known for their Tomato Pies.  She offered to give us a sample, but we told her that we just ate.  She insisted, and we finally gave in.  She then proceeded to give us a HUGE slice to try.  My girlfriend loved the tomato pie.  It's this thin, gentle crust with tomato sauce on top.
But we came here for cannollis, and cannollis we wanted.  So we asked her if they made any here, and she said that they did.  She then wondered if we wanted a sample of that as well.  So she got one for us to try!  The filling was creamy, but not too sweet or rich.  Very good stuff.  
Then she asked me what I liked to eat.  I said I liked crab.  And she then went to the back, and gave me a couple jars of tomato sauce that contained crab.  AEORTGAHEOUHEU!!!  I later tried this stuff at home with some bread, and it was AMAZING.  There was a little kick to it, but it was absolutely delicious.
Even though we were planning on buying just one cannolli, we ended up buying like 6 just because Allison was so awesome.  And whenever they get their website in order, I will probably buy a few jars of the tomato sauce she gave me to sample.
I love places like this.  It goes to show you that you can win ANYONE over with terrific customer service.  Generosity really goes a long way, and I will always support this tiny bakery.