Good service, but food not so great. How bland can eggs get? The huevos ranchero my buddy got seemed delicious though, maybe I'll give this place another chance.When you have a sign at the front door that says "Please wait to be seated", you should not intentionally try to make your guests feel stupid for not blowing past it to the counter to ask to be seated. I can't speak to the food because why would I eat somewhere that was already incredibly rude upon entry. With all the choices for breakfast in Fishtown, you should try to be more courteous to guests. Explains why there was only 2 people in the place. Zero stars would be more accurate.There aren't a whole lot of breakfast places in Fishtown, so I was thrilled when I came across this little gem. The food is great (the Almond Joy pancakes were terrific), the atmosphere is good, and the service was perfectly fine. I highly recommend Ida Maes for brunchiness.This part of Philadelphia reminded me of the Williamsburg section of Queens.  A transitional neighborhood with a mixture of the young artsy hipsters and the old ethnic neighbors.  After reading about Ida Mae's on a food blog, my ever so lovely lady and I decided this would be just the place for two aging hipsters.  So we trundled on up to Fishtown for a late breakfast.  Freshly renovated in an old corner bar it was wonderful inside.  All the cooking is done behind the old bar, right out in the open.  The menu was varied and inventive with items like a Full Irish Breakfast, Tofu scramble and daily specials along with many standard breakfast items like eggs, omelets and pancakes.  My companion had the Irish Breakfast which was enough food for two people.  The Irish Breakfast consists of 2 eggs, Irish bacon, sausage, roasted tomato, baked beans, white pudding, mushrooms, potato bread and soda bread - whew!!  I had the Breakfast Burrito which had in it scrambled eggs, sharp cheese, black beans, avocado coulis and salsa. The food was delicious and the service was friendly.  Credit card are accepted and the price just right. Although we went for breakfast they do have lunch items on the menu as well.  Great place and great food.Okay, I'm in Fishtown and turn to Yelp for a breakfast spot. Ida Mae's had good reviews, so that's where I decided to go. I got an omelet, toast, and potatoes to go. I had to go back in because there were no utensil, salt, pepper, jelly, or ketchup. You know, the usuals included in your to go breakfast bag. Food was good, nothing to rave about, just good.For me in my area (think Berks stop), there aren't a ton of options. You can go to Rocket Cat or Lolabean for coffee/bagel/pastry, but if I want to sit down and order something from a menu? It's hike up to Spring Garden-y area for Northern Liberties stuff (Honey's only if I'm up for all-day shits). So Ida Mae's is prime real estate. I don't go there and expect magic. I get refills, I get no-nonsense, and it's usually no more than $15-20 per person with tip. I just hope it stays around because it's almost always near-empty. That's why I keep going and spending money - please stick around, girls. Your gruff charm isn't lost on me.food was okay. service was just awful. I cannot get over the fact that we were drinking our coffee's and the waitress came over took the coffees on her tray smelled them and then gave them back to us?! she told us she served other customer's tea instead of coffee. Why couldn't she just ask us? I would have known if I was half way through drinking tea if I had ordered coffee. Just an odd experience overall.Great place for a filling bite to eat! Maybe I'm biased because there really aren't many places to sit and eat in the heart of fishtown. But the food is great and the servers are kind. Make sure to bring cash, they don't accept plastic.Getting off the El and seeing signs in Spanish make you wonder what the hell you've just gotten yourself into, but fear not! Walk on. 
The first time my companion and I tried to go to Ida Mae's it was closed for summer vacation which gives you an idea on the kind of small family run type establishment this is.  
We went back early the next week and the place was PACKED.  There's not a lot of space, and the service was kind of slow because it was so busy and low on space. 
BUT!!!  It was worth it because I had the best damned creamed chipped beef on toast I've had in my entire life.  I didn't know the Irish did it--but oh god I'm willing to travel to the wilds of Fishtown (or Port Fisherton as someone calls that neighborhood) again and again for it.My boyfriend and I go to Ida Mae's a lot, and have tried most of their breakfast items.  The best pancakes I've ever had were their Strawberry Ricotta Pancakes.  The  huevos rancheros are also one of my  favorites along with the yogurt, granola and fresh fruit. The food is solid, and we'v never had a bad meal.
The only downside is that it is very small and seems like you're eating with the table next to you sometimes.Coffee: good. Breakfast: good. Atmosphere: good. Speed: AWFUL.
Their reason? They ran out of egg whites. Cmon now. Even IF.. and BIG IF you ran out which happens, how difficult is it to separate eggs? Two other couples were seated AFTER us.. had regular eggs.. ate..and left.. before we ever got our food. Proves they had eggs. Ok, shit happens.. I get it.. at least OFFER to give her her food on the house.. or the coffee.. or ANYthing!! The wait was ridiculous, and no attempt at amends at all? Not like I need a new car, but hell take the toast off the bill.. something to show you give it a shit.. guess not.The food was decent and our server had an amazing accent. The place was cozy but not crammed. It definitely looks neat tucked on the corner of a neighborhood street. Those who had the full irish breakfast were the most impressed with their food. It was fairly average nothing too extroadinary nothing subpar. Overall a good brunch experience.Surprisingly Impressive breakfast in a local Fishtown restaurant.
Delectable omellettes and for meat eaters there are Irish breakfasts with sausages/bangers,
And Irish soda bread. The berry jam is home made.
We were a group of 8 and the restaurant served all our food hot, and on time, with very good coffee.
Reasonable.Went here on a sunday. There was hardly anyone there, yet it took forever to get our food. I had to hunt down the waitstaff for anything extra we needed. When the food came, the quality was meh. Not worth the wait. This was my 2nd Visit here and I was hoping for a better experience. I doubt I will return.From the entrance and location you'd think you're walking into more of a Fried Green Tomatoes spot, but you'll be pleasantly surprised by a uniquely laid out back dining area and a clean look counter styled front room. 
There are good ways and bad ways to pull off simple new locales in Fishtown, and this is one of the good ways. A stained glass frame here, a nice polished wood counter there and next thing you know the space is much more inviting than you would have expected when walking past. This is a nice neighborhood addition that knows where it is, but also knows that it doesn't have to be a dump.Best full Irish breakfast on this side of the pond. My main complaint is that the online menu listed it as $9 but when we got our bill we noticed it was actually $12. This dampened our enthusiasm for this find. At $9 it was a great breakfast, at $12 it was merely good and we probably won't be back.
Service was ok, about on par with what we've found at other casual Philly diners since we moved to the area.
PS- Much to our dismay their "white pudding" is more like Jimmy Deans sausage.I'm beginning to fall in love with all of these little breakfast places in Philly.  I had the Huevos Rancheros and it was pretty tasty.  The French toast is nice and thick and the fruit is fresh.  I see some of the other reviews and didn't have any problems with the staff or omissions.  Overall it was a very pleasant experience and I will definitely be returning.Last night, I was drinking in one of my favorite Fishtown watering holes when the nice drunk man at the bar decided to interject himself into the conversation I was having with a friend.
It was awkward at first, but when it turned to local brunch spots I was all ears!!! This guy started talking about Ida Mae's; the french toast, the homemade jam and the breakfast burrito. The night couldn't end fast enough so I could commence with the next days brunching festivities. The best news of all is that Ida Mae's in no more than 3 short blocks from my house so, when morning arrived we walked over and grabbed a table...
The spot is quaint; tightly packed and every table stays full for the duration of service. They have this great counter that over looks the "kitchen" and my advice is to grab a seat there if you can. The service is straight up Fishtown! They pretend like you don't exist until they have a table for you to sit at, I asked the waitress for her advice on eggs benny vs. the monte cristo (her response was that she didn't know cause she had never eaten either one.) It's not your local, feel good, everybody knows your name kinda joint, but the food is good and I cannot wait to go back and have the full Irish breakfast - the chick next to me ordered it and it look spectacular!My boyfriend and I went to get breakfast here once. The food was decent, nothing spectacular, and the prices were okay. I had chocolate chip pancakes and my boyfriend had a special that day, strawberries and cream french toast. I think his was better than mine.
The service though was terrible. We had two different waitresses that checked up on us, which was a bit confusing, and no one came to take our order or even ask us about drinks until we were sitting there for over 15 minutes. And throughout our meal the waitress(es) barely stopped by. We had to wave her down to get our check. Maybe I'll try it again, but it was not a great experience.As a Philly kid it's been hard finding real Philly spots in this area. Found it though! Love the staff and food!I called because I was looking for some breakfast after noon and wanted it to go. They were very nice on the phone and helped order omlette and huevos rancheros a well as oatmeal with fresh berries. Got it home and was very impressed with all. The huevos with some homemade salsa( included) were delicious, omlette was one of the tastiest I've had, oatmeal was steel cut and berries fresh. Will definitely be going back, very impressedTried this place 4 or 5 times and in most cases it was OK.  Often luck was on my side and my friends would have a problem , not me.  Usually the service is friendly but sporadic, despite quiet to almost empty place.
Also, the food is good but not really special enough to cost what it does.  I understand that they're using organic and locally grown food, but the results aren't special.  I feel like the same price meal at Honeys or The Hinge nearby would be a lot more interesting.  
Last time at Ida Mae's I had a simple breakfast sandwich, coffee, a side of sausage, and a small OJ.  It ended up costing me around $15.  More than I expect i would for a full size special gourmet omelet at Honeys for sure.  Service was mediocre.    
I like Ida Maes for being there and so nice to the community, just am underwhelmed.A cute spot with ok service.  Service is much more attentive in the front dining room than the back, especially if they are not terribly busy.
Huevos Rancheros are yummy, though the last few times I have eaten there, the food has been... not quite greasy, but it didn't sit well.I had a really good experience eating brunch at Ida Mae's on Sunday. We were seated quickly and service was brisk and friendly. I enjoyed watching the chefs prepare food in their open kitchen behind a dramatic polished wood bar. 
My order of huevos rancheros arrived on a stylish square plate, but the real star was the colorful arrangement of vegetables, eggs and beans. It was an excellent presentation and everything tasted amazing. I was really  hungry so I polished the whole meal at record pace. Very satisfying!
Afterwards, I got a chance to meet Mary Kate, the chef/owner and she couldn't be nicer. She is really into fresh, local ingredients and that is clearly paying off in her dishes. 
Everyone at the restaurant seemed to be relaxed and having a good time. I can't wait to head over to Fishtown again for another excellent brunch at Ida Mae's.I went back a month or so ago, and I've decided I'll bump them up to three stars. We may have just had a not so great waitress last time. Anyway, this time the service was much better. Still had a bit of a wait for our food, but drink orders were taken on time and made sure to check up on us. Once again the food was good but not amazing. But generally it's not a bad place to go for brunch if you're close by.Living not far I like this place for brunch any weekend. Service is always good. coffee is hot and food is tasty. They have special every weekend so don't forget the chalk board.... it is a cozy place to sit and eat on a weekend morning -- and we are never rushed.Ida Mae's is a lovely little breakfast nook alternative if you don't feel like swatting bees for two hours to wait in line at a place in Northern Liberties. :)Somebody else pointed out that there are two distinct sides to this place, and he's right.  If you are lucky enough to sit in the back, your experience as a whole will be better than if you have to sit in the front.  But sitting up front, for me, has never been a deal breaker.  I doubt it will ruin your entire meal unless you're obsessive over such things.  The food is the same no matter where you sit, and the food is pretty good. 
Things to try:
1) The Huevos Rancheros - Spanish for "super f**king tasty."  If you don't try them on your first visit, then you need to try them on the second. Or third. Try them whenever you want, just make sure you try them. Deal?
2) The Challah French Toast - it's light. It's fluffy. It's goddam delicious.  And it looks amazing so prepare yourself, as you will be the object of order envy by salivating lookers-on. 
3) The Breakfast Burrito - this is kind of the standard by which I rank breakfast joints against one another, and Ida Mae's stacks up pretty well. If your intestines are worm-free, there's no way you leave hungry after one these bad boys. 
4) Not being a pretentious wanker - Ida Mae's has an Irish name and is located in an historically Irish neighborhood, but it is not an "Irish" restaurant. It is a purveyor of brunch (hence the made up, yet clearly defined word "bruncherie" in its title). One should not judge an Irish named, Philadelphia restaurant a bust for failing to master all things Irish anymore than one should judge Shaquille O'Neal an impostor for failing to be a natural ginger. 
Ida's does have its areas that are in need of improvement (e.g. occasional lapses in service attention).  But If your dining experiences, like mine, are dominated by food, Ida Mae's is well worth it.I  had the beans on toast with fried eggs and cheddar - great!    Friendly staff, great service.was In Phiily visiting a friend in Fishtown, asked someone on the street where to eat breakfast and was told to try Ida Mae's. What a great breakfast , the food was perfect, and the staff is a awesome.
My boyfriend had the Irish breakfast , which was a smorgasbord of awesome . I enjoyed a great traditional 2 egg breakfast the best I've had in a while. 
We ended up sitting at the counter , and not only is the staff friendly, they work as a team preparing and serving.
Overall great breakfast prepared and served by a professional staffWent here awhile back bc I was in Philly. Not the nicest area but I guess that it's up and coming (read: sketch). The food was good, not great. It was fried breakfast so it wasn't amazing nor was it difficult to mess up. The prices were a little steep though. And in the grand tradition of annoying hipster places, they also don't take credit. Which is very 1980's of you. Many places that have this same policy will often say something before the bill comes (because who wants to walk around with the $40 that brunch will set you back here only to be mugged of it when you walk from your car to the door?) . The mostly non-existent server was most helpful in pointing out the ATM that charges $2 on top of the $2 that my bank charges. Overall, I could not wait to get out of this place and neighborhood to be honest.Delicious food, wait staff were less than attentive. Waitress didn't know the menu, and seemed unable to manage the number of tables she was serving.
Would go back because of unique food such as chocolate babka french toast, and delicious pierogis.I heard some fabulous reviews about Ida Mae's and decided to try it. I loved the cozy atmosphere. I felt like I was sitting in my Grandma's kitchen as a child. The staff were very pleasant and sat us immediately. The brunch menu wasnt' filled to the brim with options but had one page of choices, plus daily specials. I ordered the Huevos Rancheros, which was good. It needed to be a little spicier but overall it was A-OK. I would definitely go back again and try something different. The price is a little high for the neighborhood. I figured this little hole-in-the-wall place would be a little less pricy, but it was overally average with the brunch places all over the city.I love this place! Ida Mae's serves up affordable food that is made using fresh ingredients. My favorite dishes are the biscuits and gravy and the eggs w/ beans and toast. Ida Mae's is very laid back, well kept, clean, and easy to find (there is a giant painted wall facing West that reads IDA MAE'S in green).
There are some drawbacks to this place... they don't serve booze, and I do love a bloody mary or two with my brunch. And while they do make/ serve delicious food, some of my favorites are specials and not menu regulars. 
Overall one of my favorite places to get breakfast. If you visit on a Saturday or Sunday, try to get there early or an hour before they close... otherwise expect to awkwardly stand around for a little.Great place for brunch in Fishtown.  I had a nice strong cup of coffee and a really good plate of Huevos Rancheros.  Only downsides are the limited seating for when it gets busy on the weekends, and the fact that it's cash only.  I'll definitely be going there again.Tuesday at 10am if you want a restaurant to yourself. Food was decent, service not so much. Smelt like cigarettes and 80 ' s rock music sets the tone. Less than fun experience,  but fills the belly.I love the breakfast here. It's a small place but really cozy.
Service is a bit up in the air, like, I have no idea whos in charge.  Otherwise, you should go.We visited Ida Mae's on a Sunday morning (around 9 am) and were pleased to find that it wasn't packed. We were seated at a tiny table in the back and got some OJ and soy milk to start. The orange juice was great but the soy milk was too... beany and just bitter. My boyfriend ordered a ham and cheese omelette and I picked the huevos rancheros. Although I thought the huevos rancheros were great (especially covered in Sriracha -- bonus points!), the omelette was just okay.
The service was both the most confusing and yet most amusing part of the experience. There were 2 servers and they both checked on us at random, so that was strange. I get the feeling they didn't really know what to do with themselves since there were only 3 tables of customers. Since we arrived about 5 minutes after the table right next to us, our meals were basically in sync. As a result, whenever the waitress came by to ask us something, she would say the exact same thing 3 seconds later to the table 2 feet away. 
I wouldn't be opposed to going back, but it's not my first choice for brunch.Been meaning to check out this spot. Decided to sit at the counter. The food was good and the service was okay (a little slow as others have said) but my goodness not the most sanitary. None of the girls behind the counter wore gloves, and they somehow managed to touch every single piece of food with their hands. I also saw one of the women grab a towel off of the counter and sop up something ON a breakfast burrito. Like took the towel and put it ON THE FOOD ! I also saw her scratch something off a plate with her nail, and then wipe out the bowl with her bare hand and start making a salad in it. The place was charming and the food was good, but they need to tighten it up in there. Hopefully someone that works there reads this and that it helps.It's not that I have anything truly awful to say about Ida Mae's, but I just want it to be more than it is - I want better service, better food, and at a more reasonable price. This place is super close to our house, and there really aren't a lot of options for breakfast, so we've tried twice. The service was pretty bad both times, and I really find it difficult to pay Ida Mae's prices for food that is just okay and nothing special (I'm willing to pay for an interesting and delicious breakfast anytime). I like to go out for breakfast/brunch on the weekends as a treat and Ida Mae's just falls flat.If Ida Mae's wasn't so close to my house, I probably wouldn't ever go. Don't get me wrong, it has some great stuff going on, but nothing spectacular enough to make me leave my neighborhood.
Here are the things I really like: Ida Mae's opens at 7am (around 7, they're usually a bit sluggish in the morning). Sometimes I want to grab an early breakfast and most spots are not open until 8am or later. For me, the location is pretty convenient, too. The price is right. My favorite item on the menu is the beans and toast, which clocks in at $6.00. Great deal. The food tastes good, and there are new specials weekly. Lastly, the coffee is acceptable, and I'm usually pretty harsh with my coffee tastes.
Even writing that last paragraph, it sounds like I am making a pretty strong argument for the Ida Mae's. But it's not perfect: Despite the specials, the menu is pretty limited and doesn't change that much. My biggest complaint is the service. Unless there are three parties or less, the service can almost be guaranteed to be less than average. Sometimes on the weekend the place gets a wait that is really not worth the wait. The whole place is small, but considering that, I think the setup and atmosphere is done rather well.
Bottom Line: Ida Mae's is good enough to keep me coming back every couple of months and I am glad that it's in my neighborhood. It gets bonus points for a commitment to local ingredients. But there's a lot of other places that top it.This place is fantastic. I live in Center City and trekked out there.  Well worth it.  The food is spectacular.  I had the Almond Joy French Toast.  They used a great brioche topped with chocolate chips, toasted coconut and toasted almonds.  Absolutely fantastic.  The portion size was modest and they didn't use a ton of butter and oil, as a result, I felt full but not sick when I left.  My fiancée had the vegetarian quiche which was also pretty good.  It was light but filling and served with a small salad and potatoes.  The potatoes are amazing.  Well seasoned and lightly fried.  They are not saturated with oil.  They are crispy on the outside and not gooey on inteh inside.  Very well done.
I have only been once and have read some of the negative reviews.  I went when they were not that busy. I am assuming that if they are packed it could be a different level of food quality and service.A very quiet spot. We visited this place on Mother's Day because we woke up later than one should when they like brunching at places like Silk City and Honey's. Those other places were surely on a wait, while Ida's was walking distance on a gorgeous day. When we got there, there were a few people there but there was a few tables open so we grabbed one. I ordered an omelette w spinach and mushrooms and my fiancé got some kind of pancakes. My omelette was good, no complaints. My guy's pancakes were questionable. He says they were gummy, which to me screamed that they were not done, but he kept his complaints to himself.  Service was nice. This place is so small and cute that you almost can't avoid hearing someone else's conversation and if you happen to join in, well, that's fine too. We would go back, but I'm sure my guy would just get something other than pancakes.I love this place its the greatest breakfast place in phila it is cheap and great home cooking . There oj sucks tho and so dose the tomato juice.5 stars for you!!Santa Fe Benedict was outstanding. Asked for it directly on the hash browns since I cannot have gluten and they happily obliged. Great vibe. Delicious coffee and welcoming staff. Definitely will come back.Authentic Irish brunch with some American fare.  Very reasonably priced; if you do takeout you can get away with spending around $15 for two people.  Atmosphere is extremely casual.  The authentic Irish dishes are the highlights, particularly the full Irish breakfast and the soda farl.  
Of note:  1) It's a BYO.  2)  CASH ONLY.  3)  They do takeoutIt was very good brunch! Just an excellent breakfast sandwich, although there are very few options, even for brunch. 
And the service and owners are very very nice. 
This is obviously a very special place though and should be treasured.Went here for brunch with two others and was pleased.  However, I do think they gave us the smallest table known to man - like silverware on your lap small.  I looked around for a better option and couldn't see one so we dealt with the minuscule table.  We caught the tail end of brunch and the waitress was noticeably tired but not rude at all.  I'm not that much of a brunch person, so it's a shame they're not open for dinner.Listen. I've only been to Ida Mae's twice. The first time, I wasn't too impressed, but that's because I didn't know what I was doing and got a pretty mediocre standard breakfast. The second time, I wised up and went for the full Irish breakfast. Holy crap, is it the jam. My ladyfriend got the cream-chipped beef which, while sounding like it should be on the menu at a retirement home, is incredible.
The service is as expected. They're not gonna pretend that they're excited about your menu choice or that they're sorry they forgot to bring your coffee for 15 minutes, but that's more my style anyway.
This place is in my neighborhood. I'm not sure I'd go here if it weren't, but it's not like I travel to south philly to eat at sabrina's either. 
Keep up the good greasy work, Ida Mae's. And finish that shitty mural on the side of your building.Yummy and delicious breakfast. I just got omelette and home fries with sausage was very filled by the time we left. Like that they use local suppliers. The owner if your lucky to meet her is a sweetheart.We were trying to think of somewhere to get brunch at 2pm on a Sunday that wouldn't be packed, and someone thought of this place. That person got a pat on the back. 
I am so relieved to find that there is a good, cute place to eat on weekends that haven't been overrun by the ironically moustached masses. I got the eggs and toast, and my non veg companions got the Irish breakfast (which was apparently awesome) and some kind of cheese steak. We left feeling incredibly pleasant and less than $10 poorer. Not bad.Not a bad spot for a hungover brunch. I had potato pancakes that were on special and they were pretty good, but it's definitely cramped in there, the service is kinda slow, and the coffee was meh. It's SUPER CHEAP at least!Here is why I love this place: The huevos rancheros are the best I have ever had. I went in two Sundays in a row to get this dish. The service is good and the wait staff is always friendly. The food is fresh and homemade. They make their own preserves and homemade irish soda bread... Delicious!Ida Mae's has the best breakfast food in Fishtown, trumping all the hip spots that have popped up in the last few years. The food here is out of this world. I have ordered many things ranging from their standard breakfast and lunch menu to their specials, and I have never been disappointed! If you're in the mood for one hell of a brunch, I would highly suggest their huevos rancheros. Their simple breakfast sandwich is awesome too, it's my go-to under $5 breackfast in this area. The staff is kind and on top of service.My last trip to Ida Mae's was atrocious.  The food was undercooked, we had to ask the server for a coffee refill four times.  The server couldn't answer simple questions about the menu and had to run back and ask people.  We eventually stopped asking questions.  They had to re-cook some food and didn't handle it very well.  I've been there before and while it is overpriced ($4.50 for a large orange juice?!?!) the food wasn't bad.  I'm sad this place has gone so far downhill.
Its unfortunate I can never go back there anymore considering its 2 blocks from my house.Solid food for brunch with great soda bread. Service was a little inattentive.One of my closest friends and I attempt to grab breakfast or brunch together at least once a week, and chose Ida Maes after hearing many good reviews. 
I have to say I was pretty pleasantly surprised and satisfied by the experience. 
The menu ranges in prices from 6-about 12 dollars for breakfast, I stayed at the lower edge of the spectrum this morning. 
The coffee was good and the server was pleasant and on top of our refills. 
I had the breakfast farl which has most likely the best breakfast sandwich I've ever had. two pieces of soda bread with bangers (sausage...two big sausages), two eggs, and two slices of rashers( kinda like Canadian bacon). I deconstructed it into a platter and every bit was delicious.
My counterpart, had a hearty appetite that morning, so I was able to sample a bit of her choices.The heuvos rancheros was better than I've had anywhere. Instead of just a bunch of mush on top of chips, it was a careful stack of Spanish inspired goodies. Also, anything with chunks of avocado always makes me happy. 
The taste of french toast I had reminded me a lot of my mothers which is comforting. It was topped with fresh strawberries instead of the usual frozen overly sweet variety of berries.
I would definately go back to Ida Mae's again. Next time, I think I will be bringing my Irish brother who will love the fact that they have baked beans over toast...an Irish classic.We liked the potatoes  but  the last 2 visits?? Well the scrambled eggs were terrible just to start, then waiting 5 minutes for my toast diddn't help the taste either.  Rude waitress, waited for any service.  One visit my order slip disappeared and waited   about 30 minutes for our food.   Which tasted like it waited 29 minutes to reach us.  There are far better places to spend my money and I will.What a dump of  a place ...both food and service ...AND I got sick when I got home...Pepto Bismol didn't help!!Ida Mae's is a great change of pace to get away from the usual spots. I always forget it's there so whenever I remember, it feels good to go check it out. The food is pretty good. It's definitely higher up on the ladder than a typical greasy diner joint. 
My favorite part about Ida Mae's is the atmosphere. It really does feel like a little bruncherie. the back room seating is cozy and intimate and there is a place to sit in the front right at the bar so you can see them cooking. 
The servers are really sweet here. Good attentive service - your coffee cup will never be empty. 
I wasn't a fan of their huevos rancheros - but the pancakes are super! i love the powdered sugar on top (so note: if you don't want powdered sugar...be sure to tell them to leave it off).Great local place! It is diner food, but good diner food. Everything is very fresh. Service is good. Coffee has a bit to be desired, but overall a good experience.Great food, the staff is super friendly. Beans on toast is awesome, but challah french toast is dominant. Go there!Great for brunch!  This place is the cliched hidden gem of Fishtown but so worth it. Great coffee and soda bread and I totally love the hollandaise sauce.I've lived in the same neighborhood as this place for more than a year and I just took the opportunity to dine here. Two of us went for brunch around 10:30. I was a bit confused when I walked in because the place is so small and I couldn't tell if the server behind the counter was talking to us and another group of people, as she yelled as soon as we entered the door. Not in a rude way, just making sure to acknowledge our presence kind of yell. It's very well organized, though, so as not to feel cramped and it's got this cute church pew thing going on, but the tables are much further away than they should be, so if you're taller than 5' 6", it could be a bit awkward. Also, be prepared with your drink order AS SOON as you sit down. I was not because I needed a second to think about it, but I appreciate the attentiveness. I ordered the three egg omelet with provolone, spinach and tomatoes, with a side of home fries and sausage. They did NOT hold back on the provolone - so good! My husband ordered the soda farl (an Irish sandwich with eggs, sausage, and ham on soda bread) and he seemed to enjoy it. I'd definitely go back, especially when family and friends visit. They should get outdoor seating. There wasn't a line or anything, but it might be nice to sit outside when the weather is pleasant.good food - quick service - affordable. lots of parkingA madman I know was dealt a real blow when he learned that his main spot for creamed chipped beef had closed. When to Ocean City Maryland we would go, creamed chipped beef was part of the plan, daddy-o. Ritual. So the landmark-to-us's closing sent sad sentimental pangs. Where the hell is the best creamed chipped beef now? So lost...
Look, it's not like the ole boy hunts the stuff all the time or anything, but it is a comfort to know where the best-ever something is; where to find it. So we've been conducting an ongoing search for the new destination. It had come to my attention, yelpingly, that Ida Mae's Bruncherie was said to make a good plate of it. This is why first we ventured there, and also, I heard they served up full Irish breakfast. My people!
Ida Mae's Irish spread is a pretty traditional fry up with all the components except for the black pudding here. You get your 2 eggs, bangers, rashers (my true bacon love), a wee little bit of white pudding (was only a'ight), roasted tomato, sauteed mushrooms, beans, boxty and soda bread.  I'd definitely say it was good and  homey.
But back to the chipped beef chronicles: The creamed chipped beef is good, in that it will hit the spot if that's what you're after. It isn't the newly dubbed favorite chipped beef of life, but it'll do the trick. The luscious chipped beef goop is served, poured over toast, with a side of home fries that are more hashbrowny than home-friesy, if you're asking me. Everything needed a little s&p, but that's what them shakers are for, extree pepper. Chipped beef fan said that he'd order it again, with one thumb up. And he added that since Ida Mae's cook knows how to cook scrapple crisp and perfectly, we'd get that again too. 
Also, I kept eyeballing passing pancakes and they looked a-lovely. I gotta see about them. So we came seeking chipped beef and we'll return. Though... I was gonna start this review with a, "Ida Mae's, Ida know bout you... I mean, I like you. But then, I'm not usually in a big rush anywhere. I'm not in such a hurry. See, breakfast took a while. Like I said, where'm I goin, right?"  
I have to say, our server was great. She in the sparkly pink headband, who seemed to be taking care of the early crowd all on her own that particular Sunday morning, was on the move! Never let a coffee cup go dry. Even if we did get goofy on coffee, all hungry and hallucinating that the other patrons are walkin' talkin' roast turkey birds, the little bruncherie was a pleasant nook of a place to be.This place is good no matter where it is, as every other reviewer has mentioned. Personal favies are the Creamed Chip Beef, Beans on Toast, either option with black beans, though really I like almost everything on the menu. My two dislikes - their soda bread and their pancakes. If you want pancakes and are in Fishtown/PR/Port Fishington (UGH!), head over to Sulimay's. Their's are outstanding, but the rest of the menu is very meh.Update#2: I've been coming back a bit here and there, it's so close and so cheap it's hard to pass up. It's always tasty, although sometimes over salted. The employees may not always be the timeliest when it comes to keeping the water and coffee cups filled, but overall I would say it's definitely a solid 3/5 brunch spot.
Update: I returned for a second visit recently, which was a bit earlier on Sunday morning. It was much quieter, the service was much better, and the food was again pretty delicious. It looks like the key is coming in during church hours to avoid the rush.
Previous review:
It's also the kind of place where you have to hunt down the server and ask for more coffee, or water, or your check.
It took forever for my apple pancakes to arrive, and when they did they were hot, fresh and very heavy. I enjoyed them, but if you prefer super fluffy pancakes, they will probably be disappointing. The apple compote was hands down my favorite thing, and not at all what I expected. It was fresh, not heavily sweetened and tasted like crushed apple goodness with a hint ofA lot of my friends love Ida Mae's - they refer to it as a diamond in the rough.  I submit that it is more like a quartz in the rough - because it's really quite mediocre, there are just no other comparable options within walking distance. 
Side note: why do they insist on keeping the temperature of their restroom somewhere between freezing and absolute zero in the middle of winter?I like this place because you feel like you're getting breakfast at grandma's house. Super cute decor and very friendly staff. I split the Irish breakfast and fruit bowl with a friend, it was prettyyy good. I would go back here because it is very close-by, and a solid breakfast. Don't expect your mind to be blown, but do expect a cozy meal. Oh yeah it is cozy, like you might rub elbows with the person sitting next to you. Not a big deal for me but might be for some.Basically it's a diner, but a really good one. Have been a few times and the food was delicious (my favorite was a quiche off their specials menu). Service is friendly and quick.Ida Mae's was the closest (by far) true brunch option in the neighborhood when I moved to the fishtown area almost 3 years ago... although its over a mile away from me I was always really excited I have a weekend breakfast option to go to besides rocket cat. Times have certainly changed and this no longer rings true for Ida Mae's but I still visit frequently.  
Some things I like about Ida Mae's is that its open early.  Most of the brunch spots I prefer around town don't open until 10 or even 11, but Ida Mae's opens at 7.  I'm and early riser even after late nights so I appreciate a place that understands some people get hungry earlier than 10am.  Its a cute clean place with an open kitchen, seat yourself, cash only.  
Their food isn't anything magical, but its good and reasonably priced.  The only downfall is that the service is always pretty slow on weekends when I go.  Although I'm usually not in any rush I do enjoy being able to get a cup of coffee within 15 minutes of sitting down which hasn't always been able to happen.  I do however keep Ida Mae's on my list of brunch spots for a couple reasons, its close, its open early and the prices are reasonable.  There is a little room for improvement but isn't there always?Really disappointed. I love the decor and the feel of the place but the food was a let down. My boyfriend got the full irish breakfast and a side of rye toast, while I ordered a spinach and cheese omelette. After a very long wait (the other 2 tables had already gotten their food) we got our breakfast only to find stale hard toast, cold beans, and my omelette was brown. I couldn't  even eat it because burnt egg tastes terrible. The server was nice enough and said they could remake it but considering how long it took the first time I didn't think it was worth it. Oh well, maybe I'll try them again eventually, it could just be a bad day.There is absolutely nothing special about this place. Wanted to like it but all I can say it "eh"Quaint little spot, good food, casual feel. The service is always friendly. The place is pretty small and sometimes pretty busy, not great for groups. But then again how often do you brunch in packs. Also, parking is a mission so cross your fingers for a good spot.I really do enjoy this breakfast spot, and I love that women were running the show! Great food, atmosphere is charming. Prices are very reasonable!  My only gripe is that I wished they played music sans commercials.A new local favorite of mine.  Well, realy, there's not too much to choose from in F-town, but even if there were, this would still be a favorite! You get to watch as they make your food.  By the way the food is delicious!  The homemade potato chips are my favorite.   A great local spot!I really can not begin to explain how disappointed I am in this place. To all the Yelp reviewers who said good things- thanks for nothing. Anyone who endures this place and comes away with a positive impression would give three Michelin stars to a hospital cafeteria. The service wasn't bad, as some Yelpers have noted, it was nonexistent. Despite four pilled-out employees staring at us we ended up seating ourselves. Eventually the waitress shambled over and mumbled some apologies about the wait. Clearly the combination of methadone and xanies was making it hard to serve all 10 customers. I then made the mistake of ordering the "Irish" breakfast. Sweet baby Jesus. Perhaps my problem is that I know what an Irish breakfast is supposed to be. This was a sad tasteless parody made all the more excruciating by the 12 dollar price tag. Here's my three-step suggestion to whoever had the gall to call the plate of crap I received an Irish breakfast- 1) go to Ireland. 2) Order an Irish breakfast at the worst, grimiest gas station you can find. 3) Feel deep shame that a Polish gas station attendant cooking with a microwave managed to make a better Irish breakfast than you. Really, its that bad. Make no mistake- it's hard to mangle a fry-up like these folks do. The tiny, tiny piece of what I will generously describe as white pudding had been dumped into a frier and reduced into a wizened little nugget. The "bangers" were much more like crappy american breakfast sausages (think Jimmy Dean) than true Irish bangers and had similarly been deep fried into oblivion. There was NO BLACK PUDDING! Shame, shame. The rashers were weirdly tasteless. Making wildly salty Irish bacon bland is a negative achievement for the Epic Fail Halls of Shame. Luckily the inattentive waitress did manage to perk up for the billing part of the transaction, happily appearing with our $29 bill and putting an end to our nightmare. 
In the few months I've lived in Philly I've had plenty of excellent meals so I suppose I was eventually bound to get the whammy. But for my betrayer to be my favorite childhood meal is cruel indeed. If you're craving a fry-up in Philadelphia, try the Dark Horse Pub on 2nd St.Today I tried Ida Mae's and wasn't disappointed. I had your basic bacon and eggs with delicious crispy homefries and my friend G had the blueberry pancakes. The server was pleasant and the refills of coffee and water were endless.  Prices were reasonable.  After reading the reviews, I should have ordered the french toast  so on my next visit thats what i will be having.This has been my second time eating at the fabled Ida Mae's Bruncherie, and I have to say... their menu features many items that look absolutely delicious. The Irish breakfast, in particular, looks awesome. 
HOWEVER. 
The two times that I've been there, what I've ordered has actually been pretty disgusting. 
The first time, which was five months ago or so, I ordered a tofu scrambler and it was served to me floating in this pool of yellow goo/fluid. I'd never expected a vegan dish to be so... gory. Perhaps it was a message? Had I committed some sort of unforgivable faux pas? 
I also got beans on toast, while, pretty good, is also a dish that's pretty difficult to screw up. (What could you even do, aside from burning the toast? Microwave the beans for too long? Pour the beans onto the toast too forcefully?)
Anyway, I returned there again with a friend yesterday, hoping that my previous experience was a fluke. 
Nope. 
I ordered a chicken melt and my friend ordered a tuna melt. She said her melt was okay, but mine was absolutely drowning in mayonnaise. I like mayonnaise as much as the next guy, but this was a little crazy. Every time I cut into the melt, mayo would ooze from under the cheese and off the side of the sandwich. I couldn't even get through half of it. 
Also, both of our sandwiches were served with these bizarre potato chips. I think they were home-made, which I only suggest because I have never had potato chips so repulsive in my whole life. They were dark brown, I think from being burned, and they were unbelievably dry and chewy. I got through a few of them, but it felt a lot like I was eating cardboard. Definitely the corrugated kind, since the chips were ridged. 
I'm probably going to give the place another try, since it's an affordable brunch joint in my neighborhood, but I think one more gross visit is most likely going to be my last.