I must admit that I typically do not eat a chain resturants given my slew of selection living in the city but I signed up for ihop email and received a free pancake breakfast. I actually was able to use it for equal or lesser value and chose the egg and spinich omelet with a side of fruit instread. First, the customer service was AMAZING, from the greeter and his positive energy to the servers and waitress. They all seemed happy and appeared vested in there jobs. Again, my expectations are typically low for most chain places and some diners in Philly but THEY WOW'D me big time. The presentation of the food was perfect, cooked well and tasted good. I just couldnt believe it. I had to share with you all and my friends. One thing is that I suggest they work on making coffee that can compete with mainstream places like Starbucks and La Colombe. I think it would beat the typical watered-down approach that no one is willing to accept with so many options and coffee lovers. Thanks Pamela (my server), the hostess (Leonard), the manager and team including the Chef. Kudos for stepping it up a notch.This review is long overdue, so things may have changed since I went back in Fall 2009, but...
You may think you know IHOP, but this place was awesome. Fresh, clean, the eggs were PERFECT, service was quick and friendly. A definite cut-above Midtown for your post-drinking sober up. As it's right in the Gayborhood, my partner and I like to refer to it as the Homo-Hop.We stumble in herre like real late right. We ain't drunk right we outta f$$kin sight yo. Da man say you sit down, order da food and eat up when it get dare. Mrfancy pants be right on da money man. I eat da stacks so high I thought I never see da ceilin again. Coffee so good I get 8 cup refills and pay da one cup fee only. Da ol lady be like who payin an I say me cuz IHOP know me right. Extra whip on top son an we took da forks togo.After a night out in Center City, nothing tastes better than IHOP. We ordered from the 7 for $7 menu, so it was decently priced. Service and decor is nothing to rave about, but not terrible either. Warning, late nights equals lots of loud, obnoxious drunks here. We ordered the crispy chicken sandwich and the banana french toast. I don't know if it was our hunger or what, but it really hit the spot.Stopped in because I was really craving breakfast food at dinner time. 
The service here is really friendly. Consistently checked up on my meal and refilled my drink multiple times. 
Just a quick and easy IHOP in center city. The food is the same as any other one, but I must commend how great the servers are!good is typical for an IHOP, but the staff is completely useless.  the help must be the rejects of all other restaraunts from Washington Square West.Service is paramount at any place you choose to spend your time and money; it either makes it or breaks it. Jason R was one of the worst servers I have had the misfortune of encountering. First off he mumbles. Second it took 10 minutes to get our drink order and another 10 before we got our sodas; with food coming less than two minutes later. When my drink was empty it took 13 minutes to get a refill. Had the place been busy on a Tuesday night; which it wasn't, I might have understood, however he had 3 tables with a total of 10 people. Had I been drinking before going there it might have not been that bad but being sober I knew what was going on. Worst service I have had in Philadelphia!!! I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone who expects any type of customer service!!!!While IHOPS are all pretty much the same, I liked that we just came in for hot chocolate, and they didn't hurry us out the door. Great service for a chain, in the heart of Center City Philadelphia.Let us not be pretentious-- this is an IHOP.  We aren't judging this against Vetri, Capital Grille, or even TGI Fridays.  It's a faux diner that won't go away.  
Take note of the pros: Free meal on your birthday, endless coffee for $2.19, open until 2am (maybe 3am), friendly servers and staff, the fluffiest pancakes, and quick service.  
Cons: The food will kill you if you're not careful, the bathroom is less friendly than Martian landscape, and add-ons cost A LOT ($1 for cheese?! $3 to change the type of pancakes!?).
I had a Rootie-Tootie Fresh above the fruited plains, America, America...I mean fresh and fruity, and my friend had the chicken fried steak.  The sausage was less meat and more squishy something, but the eggs, bacon, and pancakes were excellent. The chicken fried steak meal looked good, and my buddy finished it in a single sitting-- had to be good. 
Pros-- It gives you everything you'd want and expect from a diner.
Cons-- You might die if you choose wrong.
Choose wisely.Imagine walking down the street in Philadelphia on a cold, cold morning.  How cold?  Well, you're from Southern California, so anything below 50 is freezing.  In actuality, it was about 35.  Not exactly toasty by anyone's standards.  Thanks to a series of airport snafus, you ate just about zero the day before, so you are hungry.  So what do you do?  You Yelp, of course!  And Yelp suggests a breakfast place that's only about a mile away.  You start walking.  When you're about a block away, you notice there is no lineup.  Yelp predicted a lineup.  With each step into the face-numbing wind, your confidence level falls.  It is closed!  There will be no delicious breakfast.  Unless... unless... Is that an IHOP sign?  It is!
Is IHOP the place for a breakfast that you can wax rhapsodic about in a Yelp review?  Perhaps not.  Does IHOP have a menu that calorie-counters can love?  Most decidedly not.  What IHOP offers, though, is consistently edible breakfast fare.  Whether it's pancakes, eggs, or both, you can count on IHOP for a consistent, no surprises experience.
So if you ever find yourself standing outside of Jean's Cafe either waiting for a table or lamenting the fact that it's closed, remember that there is an IHOP right next door.After the manager chased a 2-to-3 inch cockroach across the dining room towards my girlfriend and then failed to offer to comp anything on my check, I can with absolute certainty say that I will never return to this IHOP.I expected this place to be a total disaster on a Sunday morning (see: walking down 13th street before 9 am any morning of the week) but was surprised at just how tame it was.  We didn't have to wait long for a table.  The service was below average but hey, what do you expect?  You're at an IHOP.    You get some good pancakes and great people watching.First review ever, Ive been here multiple times before an staff was wonderful, but guests who kept talking smack on the servers are horrible. I got escorted out because I told the guests they were disrespectful. I dont know how  the servers take that type of disrespect and i cant imagine how the managers let their employees get disrespected like that but that should be unacceptable in the service industry.Pretty nice little place hidden in the center city of Philadelphia. Clean place and one of the few breakfast areas in Philly's Center City. Staff is so nice and food is as good as every other IHOP I've ever been to. If you are in Philadelphia and are looking for a place to eat breakfast, definitely check out this gem of an IHOP on Walnut Street.We were a table of six adults. The food was mediocre at best and the service was terrible! We sat at 3 two seat tables pushed together with the long both seat in one side and three chairs on the other. There was a wall on one end of the short side. We asked for this type of seating so I'm not complaining about it. The tables were dirty and when I asked the server to clean it he handed me the dirty towel to wipe it myself, presumably because I was in the middle seat on the booth side and it was too much trouble to reach between two people to do it himself. Then I spilled coffee and he plunked down about 50 napkins and we cleaned it up ourselves. Then we were handed the dirty rag again to ensure the table wasn't sticky! The men's room was filthy when we went to wash hands before the food was served. The food, 1 sandwich and five plates of eggs and pancakes was served piecemeal over the course of twenty minutes or so and several complaints to the manager. The food was not great. The bacon was very burnt, the eggs a little runny and the sandwich was overcooked. Most everything we ordered was room temperature by the time it was served. The server served all the food from the short end of the table and made us figure out who got what and then pass it around every time he came to the table. The manager took 20% of our tab and that helped but we will never, ever go back!Came here one night after work. The customer service by the seater was ehh. But our waitress was awesome. She started conversations with us and made us welcomed. The food was great. I got chicken fingers and fries with OJI go here a lot.  You never get rushed, and the food's cheap with abundant portions.  A great spot.It took walking by this IHOP location innumerable times to finally stop in. I mostly forget it exists, but when trying to decide on a New Year's Day breakfast it somehow came to mind first. I don't know why, but I am satisfied with my brain's thought process. The meal was actually very good.
We walked in around 10:30 AM to no wait at all. It got busier within 45 minutes. We were seated in the center section in a booth and promptly given waters and coffee. I ordered the 2x2x2, which came with two pieces of bacon, two scrambled eggs with cheese, and two pancakes. The cheese was a $1 add-on but so worth it. You can order the eggs any way you like, and sausage (pork or turkey) is another option if you don't like or eat bacon.
For $15 total (tax and tip included), I'd say this was a stellar and affordable meal. It was the perfect base for a day at the parade and all that comes along with that.
Our server was super friendly (and festive with 2017 light-up glasses), and our meals didn't take long to be dropped off. My only very slight qualm might've been the lack of full coffee containers. For the bottomless coffee, you'd think they'd fill the table jugs more. I guess it's for waste management, but a little more couldn't have hurt.
I'd absolutely return in the future if I was nearby and craving a hearty breakfast.please don't judge me..... BUT this place actually was super legitimate for a) being IHOP and b) for Sunday morning breakfast post party rocking ...
While I won't say the food was anything to call Mom about, but it was cooked correctly, hot and fast! And. +1000pts for having calorie and sodium info on the menu!
Our server was excellent and very attentive. The entire place was shockingly cleaner than any IHOP I've ever been and the entire experience was top notch. 
And guess what? I was seated immediately? IHOP 1, Sabrina's 0
Seriously was not expecting to give this place 4 stars, but I was super impressed!
Did I just review IHOP?It's around 3 maybe 3:30 am, and not many people were in the restaurant. We patiently waited for our server who didn't have no more than 2 or 3 tables to serve. Jonathan, who wasn't our server took our order an informed us Hector will be taking over, okay cool. Hector acted overwhelmed as if it were busy and possibly intoxicated himself. The food quality is mediocre, it's IHOP I know what to expect. We were about to leave and he complains about cleaning up the tables to us; I said "Huh, what tables? it's practically empty." I'm shocked that most indolent people seem to have customer service jobs and they aren't competent to handle the responsibilities. Death to bad customer service!Location is great. The atmosphere is warm. The staffs are very polite and friendly. Waiter made conversation with customers. Waiter was also very informative about certain things on the menu. Food was great!Got seated very quickly but the food took forever which I didn't understand as we were the only customers ordering.  By the time the food came, we were the only customers inside.  The steak omelette was burnt.  I mean not just a little burnt on the side...it was to the point of not being edible.  It was disgusting.  Since it was near midnight, the place was pretty empty yet the waiters were all up in the front talking among themselves.  Not caring about anything.  My sirloin tip was so well done that it was hard to chew.  I asked for medium; not well done.  It was not good.  I told the waiter the steak omelette was not edible.  It was burnt.  He said ok and brought out several pieces of meat. Hello, I was expecting a new omelette not a few pieces of meat.  By this time, I was so done that I just said whatever and pay the check and left.  I have been to better IHOP and this one is the worst.Great food, great service, great atmosphere. Can't really say much more than that. Very punctual with getting you what you need.The food you expect from an IHOP but what prompted me to give a 5-star review was the SERVICE. The service was great when I went - I called ahead and told them about a big party coming at night the morning of and they accommodated us. Additionally, they did a birthday surprise for someone in our group. Our servers were nothing more than spectacular and their cheerfulness spread to everyone in our party.I was here for brunch and it took 30min to cook , food just so so. Terrible service all workers talking so loud.my waitress called the crepes "crep ays"
the pumpkin pancakes have no flavorSo ill admit when i initially heard that an IHOP was being built in center city automatically i thought "well if it didn't turn hood it would get robbed relatively fast". I mean with the prevalent homelessness that grips the area at times, a 24 hour anything seemed like it would be asking for trouble. Now being from the land of Diners,malls and exits ill say i had no problems eating at an IHOP but because of  the aforementioned reason i can probably count on one hand how many IHOP i have been with in walking distance let alone gone into. 
I am a huge breakfast guy...I LOVE BREAKFAST for lunch and dinner. I cant explain why but i was definitely excited about the idea of something other then dunkin donuts in the morning or  being  able to eat breakfast in the mid day or at night. I walked in with my fiance and i was really surprised with (though i know that was the aim of the designers of the motif and decor) the diner feel of the IHOP which i am all about..the diner experience i guess is the phrase. Pretty friendly and prompt service all vestiges of a diner experience that i have missed since moving away to Philly (i am sure there are many diners in and around Camden but is the Gas and more so the bullet really worth a plate of eggs??lol) The food was delicious and it was really comfortable. If you are one those guys whole like to become a regular at places then because  of the location and the way it is set up  you will get your wish. I have become an IHOP fan for sure and you should too. Enjoy!!the food here is literally always bomb as Fucc
but damn ! !  these homies made me leave the damn building to go to an atm cause their machine was broke! !   LIKE THAT"S UR FAULT ! ! ! and then the ATM wasn't even there so i had to come tf back WITHOUT MONEY.   Dumb bitches. imma be back though cause the food? IS BOMB.I must admit, after a night of drinking, the pancakes (hot and fresh) and strawberry shakes (tasty and thick) were excellent.This Ihop has the RUDEST employees of ALL the Ihops. I will never go into this restaurant again and I hope many will do also. Very rude Servers. And when you complain, they don't care. Customer Service is NOT essential with this Ihop or Ihob whatever they call themselves and I hope the Company does something about the rudeness of their Customer Service!!!Absolutely shitty experience. I like IHOP but this is the second time I've gone to this one and both times were terrible with this last and final trip setting a new low for disinterested service and A massive attitude from our server when you dared to question why it's taking so long for three easy meals to be made only to have A third of that meal be incorrect. Thank you so much for having me prompt you to take the dirty dishes off the table so we can eat and thank you so much for never offering another drink and waiting around for a tip that I never should've even given.We stopped in for lunch before going to a film screening at the Univ. of the Arts. The first impression we had was how diverse the patrons were. White, black, hispanic, jewish, asian, gay, straight, old, young, hip, very unhip, families, singles--you get the picture--all cordially intermingling on a raw cold rainy day. Very nice atmosphere.  Our server, Anthony, was very friendly and chatted with us a while. I had the turkey club sandwich that turned out to be surpassingly large and really fresh and all together excellent. My friend had pancakes and ham which he much enjoyed. Considering the amount of food we got, and the quality, we thought the prices were quite reasonable. The whole experience was a pleasant surprise. Highly recommended.Wonderful Host with the best greeting and welcoming for my birthday, made it really special !My respect for IHOP forces me to give it 2 stars. But Jesus fxukinf Christ. The mozz sticks were cold and hard. Like my _ _ _ k. They were served with salsa instead of marinara - note that they were not out of marinara, they just didn't want to go upstairs to get it until we politely asked. The waiter (waitress - but it was a guy) said it was really busy. We used our eyes to see that it was halfway full, if not less. 
I'll def be back here, but I'll upper deck it if service and food isn't better.IHOP gets an added star for being open when I need them most. They close at 2am but if you are seated by 1:45am they don't kick you out until you are done. We didn't finish until 3am because we had a big group but the staff were still so friendly and chipper; a pleasant surprise!
IHOP has a FULL menu at all times too. We were able to choose from breakfast, lunch, or dinner. I went with 2 eggs, hash browns, and sausage links. I wanted to keep it simple and get some protein for the next morning's workout. But other people in our party ordered red velvet pancakes, chicken fingers, and a Cowboy omelet. The food isn't going to wow you but neither are the prices. Very affordable. 
If you are thinking about cabbing it home after the bar and ordering Domino's, just stop. And hop your way to IHOP. It is been proven by me that sitting down to eat after a night of drinking will encourage you to drink more water, and eat healthier.The food here is always good.
The server was nice to us.
Wait time for seating and for the food is not too much.
I like the colorful menu with pictures.
Perfect place for breakfast or brunch.
I love their hash browns.
Also try their Tuscan Scramble.The service was great, my server seemed timid but was very very nice and she didn't mind my picky child at all. She's the reason that I didn't do 1 star, what I ordered wasn't available and I wasn't made aware until 15-20 minutes after I ordered. And then when my food came my pancakes we ice cold and my plate luke warm. I don't think we'll be coming here again.It's an Ihop so I didn't expect super high quality and service. The host was awesome and the service and food were great especially during a huge snow storm. Most places were closed that's why I stopped in but I'm glad I did. The food isn't Sabrina's quality but they make up for it with service and reasonable prices.I seriously loved it!!! , the food was amazing as good as the pictures n the staff was very friendly , I would for sure go backGave them another try after some bad SERVICE and I guess it was a bad day because the second time was just fine. I was starving and the SERVICE was good and the food was diner good. Just like I like it.This was going to be 3 stars but the dude (I forget his name) that greets and walks you to your seat is pretty entertaining and attentive so he wins.
I doubt this is different then any other iHop in America, the service is average most servers obviously hate their job and they press you to tip which is awkward.
The pancakes are the only thing worth eating here. I got an order of "cheese fries" once and it appeared they had drizzled Alfredo sauce onto the fries... Weird. Don't make my mistake.Yummy yummy late not stop. Sweet servers! I love IHOP breakfest  I could eat this every morning!The food and the service lacks consistency. I've been to this IHOP many of times. It's a great place to go if you're just craving breakfast midnight, or food any time of the day. However, the service is pretty dependant on the day. For example, I've had pretty amazing servers that were on top of everything and had great positive attitudes. However I also had pretty bad service where the server was training and the time, and was honestly terrible. She was very pushy and it was very hard to get her attention. The place wasn't even that busy. But that's not what I'm complaining about. What I'm complaining about is the food. The last time I went I ordered chicken tenders and fries. Very very simple. However, when the server came out she bought out 2 chicken tenders and about 19. Yes I counted. 19 fries. Later the server tells me to wait and that she'll have more chicken and fries for me. I wait about 10 minutes and she comes out with 1 chicken tender on a small plate. -_- I ignored the chicken tender situation and I waited for the rest of my fries. A couple minutes pass by and she tells me they don't give that many fries any more and that's just there new way of doing it. I was beyond fustrated. I was there a couple of weeks ago and I had a reasonable amount of food on my plate for the same price compared to this. I was beyond upset. Im a really hard person to get upset and besides that I'm very patient. (oh let me add that it took them what seemed like forever to bring my food out) But when you mess with my fries I get very upset. Highly disappointed and I'm currently looking for a new place to go in replace of iHop.Had a great experience at ihop everyone was really nice and our food was great.  We got a seat right away and the food was perfect timing. I have no complaints it's was an awesome experience thank you so much!!Went in to try the new burgers. Well it was priced right and that is the best thing I could say about that greasy mess. But what was worse was the horrible service! The manager had to go find my food and serve me. Absolutely terrible service except for the manager. He was very nice. Will I return NEVER!!!Meh.  This was actually my very first IHOP experience of my life, which is kind of amazing.  I'd always heard such amazing things and was kind of disappointed.  I should preface this by saying that I'm not big on breakfast foods so that's probably where the problem comes in for me.  I am also gluten free and there weren't many options for me.  Prices were high IMHO and service was so-so.  Meh meh mehEggs undercooked, biscuits and gravy ok, hash browns good. Waitress was on automatic, pleasant but a bit crazed underneath. Lots of families, some semi loud toddlers. Had to concentrate to enjoy talking w my friend. Not enough of a price break to bring me here rather than brunch places nearby. Overall--ok, not traumatic.A quick and easy place to get brunch or breakfast in center city. The service was good and the food comes out fast. The place is surprisingly large and I've never had to wait for a table. The hash browns were a bit of a disappointment but the pancakes were solid and the omelette was goodLate thursday night, August 14th, my friend, Armando Lopez & I were enjoying a late snack at the Walnut St. IHOP location. As regular visitors of the establishment in center city, Philadelphia, we've always been impressed by the service at this location. However, that thursday night made us not a fan of the general manager's attitude towards us. While enjoying our respective meals, a nearby table began to heckle us with sexually degrading comments. When we refused, the table began yelling racist & xenophobic slurs towards us. While we tried to remain calm, the table would not let up in their bigoted onslaught. When we tried to complain to the general manager, an older woman with short hair named Terri, we were met with indifference and carelessness to our customer experience. We were then blamed for inciting the flames, and she was recalled as saying "it takes two to tango". She gave us dirty looks and a condescending attitude. As longtime patrons of this location, we are hurt and disappointed that our customer experience could not mean less to her. Experiences like this make us not want to return to enjoy meals at IHOP. While our servers in the past have always given us a great meal at IHOP, we are appalled at the lack of empathy from the general manager. While we love the food at IHOP, we will never forget the degrading experience with the general manager, Terri.Leonard is a poet laureate. Other than that, service is awesome, very nice and probably the best IHOP in town.I've been to every Ihop in the city with this one being most recent and I have to say it's pretty good. (worst Ihop being City Line) Both times I came here, the waitresses moved quickly and came back frequently. The food was up to par with what I'd expect from Ihop. I only ordered a non-breakfast item once ever.
There's 2 different seating sections, I really prefer the one facing the street. The main section gets a lot of traffic. When I went there was a special on summer lemonades (mango, watermelon, and cherry). Even though they just used flavor shots it was good stuff. I'll be back some time.this was the worst service ive ever experienced in my life. my server was rude and took forever. never got water when requested. i asked for change of my $20 on a $15.63 bill and she gave me $4 and no change. when i asked about it, she said, "its just my tip then i guess". will NOT be returning!! horrible service!! this was said in FRONT OF A MANAGER!!! UnbelievableIf you're going to go to IHOP, this is the one. We were greeted by Leonard- who is amazing and makes you feel special for being there. He did a great job making a mundane experience a happy and exciting one. We go to IHOP because it's nostalgic to our childhood, but we definitely didn't expect to have such great customer service. So it was great to have such an amazing intro. Staff was great, place was clean and  would definitely recommend!Join the IHOP eclub and get a coupon for a free stack of pancakes! Went in and redeemed my today and didn't have to pay a cent! The waiter was SUPER nice and service was great :) I'll definitely come back :)) thank you ihop!!!One of the best IHOPs I have been to. The food is what you would expect from an IHOP, meaning the food is satisfying enough each time I've gone. The staff is definitely the better half of this particular IHOP. Each waiter I've ever had there is always outgoing, respectful and very attentive to the table. There is also one man whose name escapes me but he always greets everybody with a smile and a joke. Definitely feel welcome every time I walk in.  
Would recommend if you're in the area.Sat for 17 mins without a server coming up to us. Other tables are looking for their server as well. Do not go here unless you wanna wait 40 mins to get served.IHOP comes to center city Philly. But why? Today we visited the newest IHOP for breakfast. It was 8am and there were maybe 7 tables occupied (out of maybe 50. There were PLENTY of young staff.
The menu came and I glanced at it. Nearly every egg and pancake platter came with some kind of meat and all were in the $6.99 to $7.49 range. Even the senior menu was $5.49 for three pancakes. ( ANYONE could get FIVE pancakes for 50 cents more.). Add $1.99 for a bottomless cup of coffee and the best you could do with tip was $10.00. HECK Marathon Grill makes fancy eggs and pancakes and is not this expensive.
I will say the place is clean but with no coupons (they haven't published any in months) why would anyone but a tourist go?The omelets are delish! And the pancakes are off the chains. Cinnamon topped pancakes made my day. Also their chocolate milk is surprisingly tasty.I think the secret to eating at IHOP is to think of it like a retarded cousin: Give it exceedingly simple tasks and its more likely that they will complete them to your satisfaction. Order the simplest items on the menu and your appetite will probably be sated. The decor is weird and homey and still looks as cheap as pretty much every other IHOP, except that its brand new. Almost as if a K-Mart catalog exploded inside. The servers seemed really desperate to please and my eggs, hash browns and bacon came quickly. It tasted exactly what I thought it would, greasy and oddly comforting. Its nice to have an IHOP in my hood. I don't understand why it closes at 2am (other than to keep the "indigent" and the mobs of drunk clubbers out) because everyone knows that an IHOP breakfast is the best at 3am when you are drunk. And the only people who would pay so much for such mediocre food would most likely be drunk or hungover people in the wee hours of the morn.Great service. Very nice waitress. The food was terrible. My omelette was cold, it had literally a pound of unmelted shredded cheddar cheese and one strip of bacon. Throw that on some dry toast and it was what I can only imagine eating a bag of sand would taste like. Never going back.My friends and I were visiting from NYC and we came here to grab breakfast before heading back on a Sunday morning.  The host and waitress were both really friendly and helpful.  The portions were very generous and the service was top notch.  Really liked their new crepes and their eggs.  And you can't beat the price. Seemed like a really well run place and I'll be coming back next time I'm in town.As someone else has already said -- it's an IHOP. You pretty much get what you expect, but I was actually quite impressed with this place. The food tasted much better than I expected and looked a lot more like the pictures in the menu than I expected (save for the bacon, which was overcooked and kind of gross). I got the strawberry banana pancakes, hashbrowns, bacon and eggs. As expected, pancakes were the highlight.
The restaurant was clean and nice and the server was friendly and attentive. Not the cheeriest server I've ever had but, again: it's IHOP.
Bathroom was mostly clean and smelled nice, either gets cleaned often or nobody uses it. The toilet was really gross though, but because the rest of the bathroom was so clean I think it was probably just one really awful customer who might have been there only shortly before me. Maybe, maybe not.
I'd give it 3 stars for meeting my expectations and an extra half-star for exceeding them in terms of general cleanliness and food quality, but alas, no 3.5s to be given here! So take this 4 star rating but know that it's a 4 star rating for an IHOP.The service is slow and very unorganized. Waited 12 minutes to get coffee, brought water after asking two times. The manager had to take our order as the waitress never appeared at the table, she was too busy gabbing with her co-workers. Food was fine, but not worth the poor service.I usually love going to the I-Hop. When I entered this morning, I asked a young man to seat us near the window. Both my friend and I were given a look with such attitude. I was surprised. Our reception at this I-HOP Is normally very friendly. As if that were not bad enough, I  had to go try to find out If we were going to have a server to help us(after waiting for 10 minutes). There was a lively discussion between four staff members and a great server (Nicole) came over to help us. 
Unfortunately, Nicole would not be able to control the wait time for the food. It took a while to get the food. Nicole was the person that saved the day. Here's a shout-out to her. For a company trying to change it's image- I-Hob, this kind of situation is not good. We have always felt that this restaurant was not well managed and this did not help the new image.Don't go to this IHOP unless you like amazingly slow service and don't want your drink refilled. I always loved coming to IHOP but the service at this one is awful and there was not even anyone there. Never got a drink refill either. Waitress disappeared for about 45 minutes. I love ihop and have loved going my whole life, but I will not return to this location. Truly horrendous.Howard is such a gentleman.  he's great and is a best person I've ever met. He's was such a great listener when we wanted food. And he is very handsomeWell-mannered staff and the food was very good. We tried the crepes! The restaurant and the rest room was very clean and the service was on point, too. I will definitely go back to this location across from the Holiday Inn Express hotel.IHOP is perhaps the ONLY nationally-chained restaurants (you know what i mean) that I would dine in. Who doesn't love pancakes?! The wait staff was friendly & carried positive attitude even though the weather was unpleasant that day. There is not too much information or opinion to give about the food because they carry the same menu everywhere, but the service was great. I would not mind going back for more pancakes.I came to this place because I was hungry late at night and it had good Yelp reviews. I had extremely low expectations because it is an IHOP, but it is the cleanest and nicest IHOP I have ever seen. The service was also excellent. This is a great place to replenish after a night out in Center City.Good food, coffee, and service. If you're in the mood for breakfast, this is a great spot in center city!This IHOP is ok if its not too late.. Because if it is you may experience bad service and some strange sights.
Despite it all, its in a great location and their service is so-so.I feel that I can honestly give a 5-star review to this IHOP. The host is always cheerful, the waiters and waitresses a pleasure to work with and the food perfect. It's always clean and food is delivered in the right amount of time.Hell yes IHOP is great. Great service, great fast food, great price. Nothing not to love.  Refillable french vanilla? Are you kidding?very yummy! i've been to better ihops, but this one definitely gets the job done. very fast, quality food. the waiters are friendlier than the typical fast food philadelphia waiting staff. could work on cleanliness of restaurant a bit though.I don't usually review chain restaurants like IHOP, but I have to make an exception for this location. 
I came here for breakfast on a Sunday, and to my surprise the place was packed!  It was also extremely clean and brightly lit by natural light. As a result, the atmosphere was wonderful for a leisurely weekend breakfast.
Service was second to none.  They seem to have a great system down so that every table has  jams, ketchup, and hot sauce before their food arrives.  
I'm a coffee snob, so I wasn't expecting much from their coffee.  It surprised me - they have great, sweet, well-rounded coffee.  I'd come back for that alone. 
And then there's the food.  Simply great.  I ordered a their cinnastack pancakes... delicious!
What a pleasant experience!  I'll definitely be back!I stopped in one morning after a late night shift in CC. 
I was quickly greeted , seated , & the waitress arrived soon after . 
I ordered the All you can eat pancakes combo "deal"  along with coffee & juice 
Very affordable breakfast ... under $20, and prompt courteous morning "crew" 
Will definitely stop in again if I'm in the areaI usually wouldn't think to review an IHOP because they all seem pretty much the same, but the service I experienced here deserves mention. My boyfriend and I stopped in around 10 on a Saturday night (they're open for 24 hours on Friday and Saturday). Our waitress Jennifer was such a sweetheart despite her late shift (until 4 am!). She was extremely friendly and pleasant, and just made our visit a very enjoyable one.Waitress was horrible and the food came out  just a little warm. Food took forever to get. Waitress seemed like she didn't even want to be there. Sent pancakes back to get warmed up and took more than fifteen minutes. RidiculousI've been to this IHOP plenty of times and I've never had a bad experience here.  
The host is friendly and seats you quickly, the server comes to your table within a reasonable amount of time and you get your food within a respectable time frame - well-cooked.  The servers are quite friendly, too, which is way more than I can say for other IHOPs I've gone to in the past.
I've gone in the mornings and afternoons here and the noise level was minimal to non-existent.  I've never had the need to go to an IHOP on a Friday or Saturday night, but, given how insane those nights can be, yeah, the noise level will be horrific on such nights - as any place will be.
IHOP isn't health food, but it's good when you're in the mood for it - and cheap for all that you get.  The friendly service I get here time and again make me a return customer.Easily the worst service I've ever gotten. The whole table made their order and 3/5 people got it while the other two ended up not getting any food at all until the rest of the people finished their food. Totally inexcusableThis location is by far the best IHOP we have ever been to & we have been to them all over the U.S! The food was delicious & we had the most amazing waitress named Fefe !!! She was so sweet!! We will definitely be back!!!IHOP... South Philly.. Quick and cheap place to grab a morning bite. The waitress was so attentive and accommodating. Food, traditional IHOP style. A good meal.I love French toast and nothing beat the nutella covered french toast at ihops but i believe they removed it off the list so i am saddened by such a tragedy! That was what i ordered everytime in the Viva La French Toast combo. Also the line to be seated seems to always be long. Sometimes our host/hostess doesn't take our order for 10-20 mins and good luck catching their attention once your food is served. A handful of times, they got our orders wrong.Horrible is not even the word to describe this nasty service!!! I came in here with a friend after a movie at around 8:30-9 on last Friday night. The restaurant was basically slow. The hostess seats us promptly when we walked in and we had asked for a booth and we had gotten sat where we wanted. We are sitting for about 5 minutes and no one had come over yet. Many servers are in the dining room and looking at our table and I am looking at the servers like "Hello. Do you not see me sitting here?" We are now at ten minutes with no one servicing us. The hostess that sat us walks by our table and looks at us. She then walks away and goes to one of the servers. Mind you I am looking at her while she is going to the server. Me and my friend thought that she was talking to the server to come over and see us. We were highly mistaken. Her and the server go back up to the hostess stand and the server is helping the hostess put on some type of jewelry. After this happened, we were done and we legit walked out. I believe the hostess purposely sat us there so no one could service us because it wasn't part of their station. The hostess didn't think I saw it but I saw a smirk on her face as we were leaving. She wanted us to leave and she did everything on purpose. I was in shock when all these servers and the hostess had no sense of urgency to service us. Utterly disgusted with this IHOP!! Will never return!!!Ever since I found Cafe la maude I would never look at ihop the same way again . I only came to dine in tonight because my step daughter chose ihop . My original plan was to go to max brenner.
We walked in and was waiting for the host to seat us. A couple of minutes passes by we were still standing there waiting to be seated . Mind you there were only one person in front of us  waiting for a pick up . I wasn't expecting it to take long. I was getting aggravated because it didnt look like busy night, so why the wait? She then finally seat us and told us she'll be back to serve us but instead another waitress came .
So we took a couple of minutes to look over our menus and see what we decide on getting . Our waitress came over and took our orders . For a limited time they offered , kids eat free every night from 4pm-10pm . So I made my ordered. I had ordered the 2 quick eggs breakfast, my stepdaughter got the meal with funfetti pancakes, and my boyfriend got an omelette.  So when they brought out my food they gave me the wrong food and my stepdaughter got a pancake with sugar frosting overload. Diabetes rush . Smh. She had to scraped all the frosting out to eat her pancakes . Poor thing . I was too tired to asked them to bring out my original dish . So I just ate it . We had asked for napkins the waitress said they'll be right back with it and never did . She gave us our food and never gave us our utensils. We literally had to asked for everything when everything should have been given to us from the beginning. So the service overall was just horrible .
Ihop in Philadelphia can't compare to the ihop back at home in Massachusetts . I would definitely never return back .We came in around 10pm on a Friday, there was one other table in the restaurant and somehow it took over 30 mins to get pancakes & eggs after we put in our order. 
The chef also forgot to make my entree- 
twice.  When it finally came out it was barely cooked. 
Additionally, the waitress ignored us which was pretty frustrating after waiting 45 mins for undercooked food. 
We will not be returning.Went here on a monday morning. It was half empty. After i got a seat, hostess said she would get me silverware. After 10 minutes never got it so i basically got my own. Service was super slow even with a small crowd. Food is basically was you expect in an ihop. I got a side of fruit which was basically 5 pieces of small fruit and it was $3! The check took forever. They stated that the computers were down. I waited nearly an hour and a half. IT WAS RIDICULOUS!! Walked out pretty pissed off. POOR SERVICE AND MANAGEMENT!!!Pretend you're five or seven years old. It's the last day of summer. Where do you want your babysitter to take you?
IHOP, of course. After hitting up Chuck E Cheese next door, I took the two little boys I babysit to the House of Pancakes for lunch. I had heard terrible awful things about the caloric content of pretty much everything at IHOP (dude, have you SEEN the menu? They actually have the balls to list that shit) but I played it safe by ordering scrambled egg whites and rye toast. It was surprisingly A-OK. While I wouldn't opt to go there on my own, I had no complaints. The waitstaff was also excellent- another shock. Something about South Columbus Boulevard doesn't exactly scream 5-star service, ya know? 
I helped the boys finish the crossword puzzles printed on their place mats...and their silver dollar pancakes. So much for watching my caloric intake.I love this location (not).  We walked in the front door, and all the employees ran to the kitchen... and stayed there for long enough that we considered taking menus and seating ourselves... as we'd convinced ourselves that by this point, it's gotta be seat-yourself.  On our way to the booth of choice, one of the waitresses came out of the kitchen, yelled at us, and proceeded to seat us on the other side of the restaurant... near nobody else.
She brought us a pot of coffee that tasted both dilluted and burnt, and we knew we were in for a treat.  I ordered the egg and cheese omelette with 2 pancakes- a breakfast special.  You could hear the disappointment in here voice in that my item was inexpensive... so she began the plight for upgrades- toast? bacon? hash browns? sausage?  No thanks.
From there on, our meal was pretty pleasant.  The food came out quickly, and it was IHOP prepackagedly delish.  Love those preservatives, and that ball of butter that just can't be butter.  I won't believe it!  I just couldn't shake the feeling that there was a loogie in my water... or in my pancake... or in my butter...
But at least it's not Sochi!Bad experience! Bad service! We waited for long time and no one gave us a menu. When our meal was here, we even had not any forks and knives. Also, for my meal, the waiter did not ask me which sides I would like. It is terrible experience!The food was great the pancakes & omelette were cooked to perfection. Our waiter Marnell was very courteous and attentive. He was the best.We're visiting from out of town and stopped here for breakfast. The staff were great, I loved our waitress. The food was delicious and the coffee was good which is unusual these days.I came here for breakfast after grocery shopping. 
The place was empty and we were seated right away.
I ordered the red velvet pancakes with sausage, eggs and hash brown.
The red velvet pancakes were soft and delicious.
But I wished that they had oatmeal.This is one of my favorite place to eat breakfast. I order an omelleete I specifically asked for no cheese. I'm lactose intolerance Asian American. I'm not going there no more. I'm going to Green Eggs cafe.Went here around a month ago with another adult friend. Really big space, lots of tables, with a smaller more cramped section by the front windows divided by a wall. For whatever reason it seems like they ALWAYS steer you to that smaller section. We got sent there even though there were a ton of available tables elsewhere.
There was the most annoying clown in our section ("JoJo") as well as tables full of children being loud and obnoxious. We felt trapped, because we didn't want to be the d-bags that asked to be moved and had a bunch of parents giving us the evil eye. But why the hell did they seat two grown adult men in what was obviously meant to be a family section with a clown performing?
On top of that, we got little to no attention from the waiter, which is no surprise since - again - he was catering to a thousand wailing brats.
I actually put in a complaint to IHOP about this experience, and I got a FORM LETTER EMAIL back from the manager of the location with not even so much as an offer of a free orange juice.Don't laugh, just read on.  First, you should know that breakfast/brunch is my favorite meal; second that I have this conviction that just about every food emporium has something special or unique to offer.  My passion in life is to seek out as many of those worthwhile experiences as I can.  Yes, this chain is cookie cutter perfection, no atmosphere, and over priced.  I go there for one thing: their harvest grain 'n nut pancakes.  Light, flavorful, nutty, and cooked to perfection, they are on my list of best pancakes ever (Still toping the list, in memory at least, is Howard Johnson's).  Anyway, this IHOP, just recently opened in South Philly, is worth stopping at for breakfast when you are on a Columbus Boulevard Shopping run.Came in a few days ago. The food was decent, the service was mediocre. I would come here again.The absolute worst service ever. Took 15 minutes for a waitress to come and ask if we wanted a drink. And another 30 minutes later we still don't have our food. And it's not busy at all. They're so ghetto in here. Arguing with each other in the back. Loud enough for customers to hear. Waitress never once came to check on us. Never again at this place. The service was so bad we got our meal for free.Thought I'd give it another shot after my last experience was beyond shitty. Servers are lazy as hell expect for Tawny and Tatiana. My usual server, Tawny, who I always have good experiences with was on shift so I thought that indicated a good sign. Hadn't eaten all day so I was ready for a meal. Came here on a weekend late at night - not too crowded. Order the usual drink which was an iced coffee - tasted disgusting and stale. Was told they changed to a new iced coffee machine. Ordered the chicken quesadillas. Got food poisoning from this place - this chain will never get my business again.Long wait for food.  NO TABASCO... only nasty Cholula.  Nothing is better than hash browns and tabasco.  Comon ihopSince I can't give 0 stars, I'll settle for this. Long story short, I came to this IHOP with a group of 7. We had been here numerous times, as it is close to where we live and we had established connections with a few of the employees. However, those familiar faces were not present tonight and that was the beginning of one of the worst experiences that we've ever experienced. From the parking lot, we noticed that we had been stared at as we walked through the door. Being met after a lull of 2 minutes, we were directed to a booth that would not be able to fit all of us. When we asked to be moved, we were directed with hostility and agitation yet still not accommodated with a table that fit us all. Twice, 3-4 employees approached our table and argued with us about having to be split between two tables because there is no way that we could sit together. Striving for a compromise, we asked if we could just bring a chair to the edge of the table so that we could squeeze in together. Apparently, this was not a problem at first, and by then we had been moved to the back of the restaurant. Yet, a manager was brought in to "diffuse the situation" and repeated in a condescending tone that we had violated a fire hazard. There were so many tables on the other side of the restaurant that could accommodate our group, or tables in our vicinity that could be readjusted to fit our needs. Still, no customer service or friendliness could be found and we were given this response verbatim, "there ain't anyone covering that section...let them do what they want, I ain't messin' with them (flick of the wrist towards us)". Definitely not coming back. Now maybe it's because we were an Asian group that seems easily taken advantage of.This is a pretty cool ihop. The coffee is good. Service is excellent . Bright, sunny. The pancakes r awesome . Its a good place to take the kids for breakfest. I think all kids love Ihop. It cost me 35.00 bucks for 3 orders. the service was fast and friendly. FRee parking is always a plus when you live in philly.Say what you want, but this IHOP had the best customer service!! Our wait was justified, but not too long. I have the strawberry cheesecake pancakes!! Awesome! The staff was moving at a great pace and kept our cups filled and met our needs with a smile. it helps to not have special order. This slows up any restaurant. There are so many options, take it as it is!! I hate picky people, I really do! Stay home if you want to be picky. Then again, if that were the case, Starbucks would be out of business, nothing but picky people in that place. Oh well, that's another review! I'm a fan of IHOP!!This place is just awful. I got the strawberry banana pancakes and it just tasted disgusting. The chopped bananas were like dried up and black. What?! The batter tasted it weird, gross. -_-The service was ok could have been better..But the food! Ive been here one other time today I experienced a foodgasm! My eggs where cooked in butter and the pancakes where absolutely delicious not dry and fluffy. Keep it up ihop
I got the 222 with crispy bacon & it was very crispy also a side of sausage,)  she gave me something better which was a breakfast sampler but you gave me the extra sausage that I ordered which came out cheaper so the service was a little bit better than okay. Thx AlexisFriendly service and it stops there. I'll give it a one star for that. Orders came out wrong. Item ordered never arrived. Check was incorrect. Never going back. I'll make sure to fill out the survey!!Had been there over a year ago and wasn't too happy with the service.  There were about three people in the entire restaurant and it took almost 20 minutes for a server to come to our table AFTER waiting 20 minutes to be seated.  I know its not fast food, but it could be a little quicker than that.  
Well bought a GROUPON and decided to give it another try.
Totally different experience. Management changed and servers changed and the entire dining experience was wonderful.  I took my sister out for a pancake dinner, she loves pancakes and we needed the sister night out.  
From the time we walked in to the time we walked out, everything was right on the money.  Why not five stars then....they seated us right at the first table, even though the restaurant was empty.  I ordered the stuffed French toast combo and my sis got the split decision and we both shared the combo appetizer.  No complaints about anything on our plates.
A total 360 from the last time I was here.
Keep up the good work!!IHOP is IHOP...   We had the grandkids this weekend, and they love the place, so we went.  They absolutely enjoyed the breakfast, and the Wikki Sticks.  Food is good, but service is always just a little off.  Ordered Rye bread, got Wheat (halfway through the meal).  Asked for waters several times, they came long after the meal was delivered.  If it was not for the grandchildren, we would not stop here.It was ok. Food was decent, but service was a bit slow. They initially forgot to give us silverware. Wasn't bad, wasn't great.This is a good IHOP despite it being in South Philly.. Dont get offended I'm actually from South Philly :)
Their service is always cool and never had a issue with my food... Def would come back to this IHOPAlways crammed during the weekends , but thats the only negative I can say about this joint clean facilities, nice promos since Old Country Buffet on Oregon Ave. closed down business has been booming. The Italian  Chicken Breast sandwich is the one I order every now and then also the burger. The Breakfast combos are staples to every Policeman or UPS guy who comes over to give reason my Delivery has not arrived at clockwork. The staff are great as well. 
You do come hungry and leave more than happy.I'm here when I'm having breakfast with my best friend.  There are days when you have to wait for your table.  It doesn't take that long for a table since its breakfast, people finish fast.  Though it is breakfast, iHop just makes everything yummier since its breakfast.  But there are a lot of times when my cheese doesn't melt properly... so its kinda weird and not melty when it gets to your mouth.We were on a shopping mission on S. Columbus Blvd to get a bunch of stuff we needed for the apartment...IKEA, Target, etc...you know the drill.  By the time we were done with our shopping extravanganza, we felt weak and absolutely famished. (We had our rambunctious 2-year-old with us. Moms- I know you understand.) Suddenly, the International House Of Pancakes appeared before us like a mirage in the desert. We looked at eachother and said YES. 
I got two eggs over medium with bacon, fluffy pancakes, a side of buttered toast, and coffee. It was exactly what I needed at that moment and I freakin inhaled it. My hubby got eggs, sausage, pancakes. The kiddo ate pancakes and gleefully drew all over the table in crayons. (Our lovely waiter assured us that it wipes right off and not to worry.) The food was yummy, greasy, comforting. We are definitely breakfast for dinner people and sometimes IHOP is just what the doctor ordered. Say what you want about this chain..but IHOP, you have a special place in my heart!Can you make a healthy breakfast of pancakes but cover it with sugar and fake fruit topping? Great. Oh and by the way can you stuff it with more sugar, 'cause that is just a waste to have nothing in the middle. Great.
Can you whip you steak, eggs, hamburgers, beer-battered baskets of chicken, pot roast and waffles on in the same kitchen? All in five minutes? Great.
Can you attract most of South Philly and hoard thr rich and poor in hardly wiped down counters and dish them all the same heart-killing breakfast? Great.
Can you do it all for about $10? Great.
You know what IHOP is. You know it's good. You know you're not going to find Boursin cheese and porcini mushroom omelettes or too many healthy options. 
But your hangover is calling the shots today, and it's in no mood for granola. . .Wow, really terrible service. Not the ihop of my youth. You would think if someone is asking for things that are TOTALLY different than the item you think they are ordering I.E. LOTS of changes, they are: a) ordering something different than you think they are so clarify. 
b) a picky pain in the buttocks who wants things in a very particular way, clarify. 
c) may have food allergies, again clarify.  
My case was A. So much easier to ask while I'm on the phone when ordering than make everyone at the restaurant scramble to fix when I'm there. Right?I was extremely disappointed at this place.staff working in evenings needs more training to handle customers. Very bad service and unorganized staff.i will never go backI've gone to this IHOP twice. The first time wasn't so bad. The service is friendly and the wait didn't take too long. I ordered a seafood omelette which was good. It was a lot bigger than I expected so I didn't finish it. That visit was worth 3.5 stars. 
The second time was AWFUL. I ordered french toast with eggs and sausage. The sausage was the quality of the type they sell at dollar stores, which isn't bad but you ARE paying more than a dollar for the dish. The eggs were AWFUL. They didn't taste like eggs you crack open and cook. The french toast was fine, except I mistakenly used a flavored syrup on them instead of regular maple syrup. This isn't so bad, but it wasn't what I wanted to do. I had to ask for regular syrup to be placed on our table. The service was great. The people are always nice and the waitstaff are attentive.
This wouldn't be my first choice for breakfast, but it is inconsistent.The worst excuse for a restaurant I've ever eaten at. Took my brother's family their service was very bad the food was disgusting and the coffee was water down.  Also the wait was very  unnecessary just hire more people. I would suggest to anyone thinking of going there go somewhere else and don't waste your moneyIt was a beautiful, sunny day. My bestie and I had agreed to dog sit a tiny chihuahua for one of our friends. As we let the pooch frolic through the wild, we made our way to the breakfast kingdom called IHOP. After placing the dog in the pooch purse we were able to smuggle him in with no problem, so we were ready for our breakfast feast!
I ordered the pumpkin pancakes combo that came with turkey sausage, eggs and hash browns. Been there done that sooo many times so I know what's coming....or so I thought. 
When our food was served my bestie had these huge apple ring pancakes with all the trimmings! And with excited anticipation I looked at my platter only to find two miniature pancakes? Say what? Who shrunk my pancakes? I get this meal so often I know it by heart and tiny pancakes are not a part of the combo.
When I asked the server why my pancakes were so small she said, that's just how they came out, do you want me to ask them to make you a new batch? I'm sure my eyes said, um, is that really a question? But my mouth graciously answered, yes please.
When the new batch of pumpkin pancakes arrived large and fluffy as I had known them to be in times gone by, all was well with the world. The shrunken pancake debacle was over and the IHOP kingdom was on it's axis once more.
The only caveat with IHOP is if you come in on a day when there are a lot of cranky babies - the environment can seem unbearable for a few minutes, but then it stops. Overall, this IHOP gets it right most times, I consider the pancake shenanigan a fluke. The management tries to stay on top of things and they do a good job. The overwhelming majority of my visits to IHOP have been pleasant and the food has met my expectations.I always have good food and great service here. I would advise getting here early. It gets crowded pretty quick int he morning . Staff is super friendly .Go at night and break up the NORM, OF IHOP breakfast. Try one of the many dinner options, and meet Mr. B and his incredible evening staff.a few words in praise of ihop:
the kid loves it.
APPLE.STRUDEL.PANCAKES.
warm syrup.
turkey sausage omelette.
hasssssh brooooowns.
the kid loves it.
fin.This used to be my go to pancake place with the kids. But as time goes by, it disappoints more and more. I am done. Done with the mediocre food and bad service. My kids are old enough to appreciate and I am wiser to the great breakfast places that are now in the neighborhood. Today was the end. The waitress was nothing more than a zombie I had to command, (Can we order now? "Yes". Can we have hot syrup? "Yes" Can we have a drink refill?" Yes".Can we have the check? "Yes" Can I have change of this $10 bill you gave me because I am not leaving you a 50% tip?" Yes"). Pancakes were rubbery or undercooked in the middle.Table had a greasy sheen. Good bye iHop.Good pancake is great. They have blueberry , peanut butter strawberry and old fashioned syrup. $15.99 u can buy a t-bone, scrambled egg and pancake. I am sure go back to NY to get steak. Overall, I will come again!You know.. IHOP is known for bad service. But this one, things came out pretty quick. Not a big fan of breakfast chain. Coffee was decent and more than enough food. I always feel too stuffy after eating IHOP meals. I'd rather pick something small. Go early on weekends, it gets pretty busy.I saw blueberry pancakes on Throwdown and I couldn't concentrate on anything else until I had some. Throwdown had triple blueberry and these were only double, but they were delicious and satisfying. I had coffee and eggs on the side.  I really can't complain about anything, the food was exactly what I wanted, it came out really fast, and out server was great. Try the butter pecan syrup!Ordered take out burger and stuffed French toast. The menu clearly says two pieces. I only received ONE piece of French toast. DISAPPOINTMENTWho doesn't like a good chain pancake spot?  Service is even tolerable.Probably more of a 2 star review - but I am feeling generous - and since this IHOP is one I am likely to re-visit I will try to be kind.  IHOP is the kind of chain that can vary greatly in cleanliness - but the food is EXACTLY the same in each and every location, as it is cooked via formula by disinterested underpaid teens and young adults.
Surprisingly enough we have never come here during the mad breakfast rush - but rather on Sundays after 4 PM when it is dead empty - and thus our service is usually good and food hot.
My hubby likes the flavored pancakes - and I really enjoy the crepes.
Not a Holy Grail by any means - but it is cheap and good in a pinch.I ordered pancakes and eggs for me and my wife online which i must say was very easy. The trouble started when i arrived to pick up my order when you order online it gives you a time for pickup my time was 812 am Sunday April 7th in Snyder Plaza I arrived at 8:05 am there was a gentleman in front of me picking up his order after he paid the girl walked away and I waited until 8:25 before she came back out there were only 2 families eating in the place and a lot of employees walking around doing nothing miss personality finally came out and asked if i wanted a table I told her i was picking up an online order she went to the back grabbed my bag handed it to me without saying a single word I can't begin to tell you how miserable this woman was I'm the one who should have been miserable for waiting 25 minutes. I wasn't going to say anything until I got home and my food was cold. We all have to work but if you're in the service industry working in the front you cannot ignore people if you're having a bad day you can't take it to work she had the personality of a door knob. Was the food good after i heated it yes was ordering online easy yes will i order from there again no will i recommend itno.Good food, I really enjoyed there pancakes but the staff was a bit rude when I asked to get a table in the back because I didn't want to be next to a crying baby during my meal.We all know IHOP, there buttermilk pancakes are legendary especially with strawberry syrup.   I was impressed to find a cannoli pancake option in South Philly, lol. However im glad I tryed it but i would not get it again.  Overall this location is just alright.I love flat pancakes! Come here for flat pancakes!
Just what I expect form a chain restaurant. Ok service, nasty overpriced food.I always eat well at this IHOP. The past 3 times I've been here I've always gotten the same thing because it was just so good: steak tips and eggs over medium with hash browns (I also substitute the side of pancakes for a side of fruit). Every component of this meal works perfectly together, from the sauteed onions and mushrooms to the sweet tanginess of the steak sauce to the runny egg yolk and hash browns that help bring it all together for a perfect bite.
Service here is always solid and the prices are definitely right. Place can be a little noisy at times given the family orientation of IHOP and its sheer location. Also, beware of the church crowd on Sundays because this place gets packed!
My only gripe is that the floor always looks like it needs a good vacuuming and the tables and booth seats could sometimes be wiped down a little bit better.
All in all, one of my fave brunch spots :)It's South Philly and a little ghetto!  The service is so so. The food could be better. It was strictly a pinch decision. I like the one in Center City better.I came  from New Jersey to this restaurant. The last 3 times have been the worst experience. The serve was very slow. It took her five minutes to greet me and a friend. When she greeted us she said " what can I get y'all to drink" I thought she was suppose to greet us with her name etc. Then she came pass the table mind you 5 mins have passed and still no coffee. So I lift the coffee pot up to remind her about our coffee. She rolled her eyes and continue to walk away. The manager seemed confused and unsure of his job. I'm in the food service and I know this ain't how you run a business.This place has the worse customer servive. When we arrived no one was at the door. We waited quite some time for someone to come seat us. We were seated eventually, then never checked on again. We walked out after over 30 minutes. Now there was someone at the door the same girl that sat us at table. She didnt say a word to us as we left. The food is pretty good there but service is horrible.Food was tasty and timely, Troy our Server was Excellent!! You should hire more people like him, he was on top of things even offered up Updates on the Eagles Game lol.
Keep up the Great ServiceGreat place, come here often, got the fruit pancakes and spinach and mushroom omelette. Service was good, not too busy on a Sunday afternoon.After a stop at Modell's, IHOP was the closest spot for breakfast. The experience this time around was way better than last. The spinach and mushroom omelette was creamy and filling. The hot cakes were nice and small. Service was stellar as always. The wait staff is incredibly friendly. I added an extra star but did not give it four due to it's inconsistency.First off this is always a good spot for breakfast. That being said this IHOP is quirky.  The air conditioning is really uneven. The coldest spot is in the opposite corner from the entrance (where I conveniently sat) and it was blowing on me continuously throughout my whole breakfast.  It took roughly 20 min to get a seat which I can understand bc I showed up during the morning rush.  The service was prompt and the food was what you would expect from an ihop. The floors were sticky and the the the cleanliness of the tables could be better but it's part of the normal IHOP experience.It took the waitress 10 minutes to get to our server to start waiting on us; we gave her some leniency though, since it was a full house and she was waiting on multiple tables. I shared a thermos of coffee with a family member. The coffee was weak and tasted like dish water. After FINALLY ordering our food I went to the bathroom to wash my hands. The bathroom smelled and both soap dispensers were empty. This visit was not off to a great start.
I got a breakfast combo, which consisted of two eggs, toast, sausage and hashbrowns. When my order got to me, it was barely warm and I was served bacon instead of sausage. They also forgot my toast. So by the time I got my sausage and toast, the eggs were cold. I got through my entire meal and discovered a large strand of hair hiding under the remainder of my hashbrowns, I was instantly nauseated and felt like puking. 
After bringing it to my waitress' attention she got the manager to take my meal and the coffee off of the bill without even asking, which made things better. The manager also couldn't apologize enough, and he even offered to give me an entire meal free of charge. It was a really nice gesture on their behalf. 
Service was good, food was bleh. Will I be returning? Probably not. Will I suggest this restaurant to anyone? Again, probably not.
This restaurant needs a lot of improvements, I'm surprised it hasn't gotten shut down yet.This IHOP is okay but I've been to better. In addition the manager on duty was quite ghetto and put seem to remember her own name and the way she was speaking was as if she was rehearsing a script that she was trying to remember from the night before. Our food was good and it came out in an okay amount of time. We came here on a late night trip after coming from a haunted attraction nearby. The good thing about it was we were seated promptly and our order was taken shortly after. We were informed though that at 12 o'clock they would be taking payments. I would revisit but i would say service was just... Ehhh.The pancakes were incredible! The employees were Friendly and efficient. I think they maintain this place very well. Used a groupon and saved some money, so check if it's still available. Enjoyed breakfast but the egg omelet with beef was ehhh. Can't expect file minion for a $5 plate of food. Worth stopping by.The restaurant is set up well to comply with the guidelines. The tables are separated and there is outdoor dining. Paper menus. Unfortunately the wait staff that I encountered were not wearing their masks properly. The masks were not covering their noses. I asked them to put the masks over their noses. They did not, they continued to wear them improperly. Some Staff had face Shields , but the shields were flipped up and not covering their faces.To start off, the waitress was very distracted and wasn't paying any attention. Looking around and just saying "mhm". I ordered the sweet cream cheese stuffed crepes. When they came, they had no cream cheese inside. I politely brought this to our waitresses attention and she sent out the chef. The chef proceeded to tell me I was wrong and that they do not come with anything in them. I pulled up the picture on my phone of their menu and there it was. So he lied. They took a little money off our check when they took the crepes, not the full amount though. As soon as the waitress gave us our food (my toast finally came 20 minutes later), she dropped the check immediately, saying nothing and we didnt see her until I pointed out the crepe problem. Normally decent here but one bad experience can ruin it. Won't be back.Every time I go to this location and eat in i never have an issue and the food is on point. However, each time I order DoorDash from this location there are missing items from my order. Yesterday I ordered tres Leche pancakes and got buttermilk and today I ordered extra sides with my order and didn't receive my side order of a turkey patty and freshly brewed iced tea. I even called today to ensure my order is correct before it's sent out for delivery and I was ensured it would. Whoever is in charge of putting together delivery's and pick up needs to ensure everything is included at least double check the items because we are paying customers and deserve to have everything included with our orders. Very disappointing I will be ordering from another location if I ever decide to DoorDash from ihop again..The absolute worst service ever. Took 15 minutes for a waitress to come and ask if we wanted a drink. And another 30 minutes later we still don't have our food. And it's not busy at all. They're so ghetto in here. Arguing with each other in the back. Loud enough for customers to hear. Waitress never once came to check on us. Never again at this place.Go at night and break up the NORM, OF IHOP breakfast. Try one of the many dinner options, and meet Mr. B and his incredible evening staff.I was truly disappointed with the service at this iHOP. Now i understand that Saturday morning is a busy time for breakfast but the lack of customer service here was ridiculous. I came with the intention of sitting down for 1 person but after 15 minutes of waiting without even being greeted by a hostess, i just decided to do takeout. The very cramped vestibule area was packed with people who did not know the status of their tables or wait times. While i've worked in a restaurant before so i understand the culture as well as how seating tables go. This restaurant was fairly empty while we all stood at the front. Just overall disappointed. I will not go back here again.Worse IHOP in the country, complete and utter confusion. I travel for a living, eat at ihop on a regular basis. By far the worst ever avoid.IHOP has a military/veterans discount of 20%. This store said the owner recently instructed them to only apply the discount to the veteran's meal, not on the service member's family members. Will not return. Military? So what.As most folks know, I'm not huge on breakfast food but wanted to treat my husband. We stood at the hostess stand for nearly 10 minutes along with four other people. Half the staff including the manager walked on by us as if we were invisible. Finally we were seated and ordered breakfast. Staff is made up of servers and busboys who really don't care, don't know anything about the menu and have no customer service skills or experience. The manager looks all of 21 years old and most likely got the position because someone quit. I hate to be so harsh but that's just what it is. 
Thankfully, our server was friendly and got our order out in less than ten minutes.  I ordered a plate of turkey bacon, egg whites and mixed fruit.. He got a plate of sausage, eggs and a short stack with coffee.  Food was hot and tasted great. Again,  the server made up for the rest experience.We arrived and waited 22 minutes and the place wasn't full, the hostess never once explained due to the rain and our employees use mass transit they're all running late, cooks included, watched 7 different parties leave pissed off, but we waited and our waitress "FIFI" was absolutely a doll, she was very professional and apologized for everyone being late, she totally was amazing and because of FIFI it was worth the wait.Food - blech ! I know they're a pancake house, but if that's the only thing you can get right , let's take everything off the menu Eh? Had the steak and asked for medium rare and got well done, and the side salad were pretty much a few days off. I know this isn't a steak house and i wasn't expecting Chima's but come on! It literally tasted like crap they found dumpster diving. It was obviously frozen, but my sister who almost burned the house boiling eggs could've made better steak. The tilapia I had once before was overly salted that I had to take a sip of water after every bite. My sister wanted the chicken dish, but they ran out that say O.O. I only come when I am doing laundry nearby which is once in a blue and am starving. Never again! Twice is more than enough.
Service - it could've been better. It was pretty ghetto when the servers are yelling across the room "yeah girl, I know that's right!" Seriously? It has gotten better than it was years ago when they first opened, guessing new management? But they also need a floor person to tell these people to SERVE and not chit chat all the time. Took her too long to bring us tap water.Well the hostess greeted me with 'hello handsome', and the server was pretty friendly too so that's a plus. Must've been a good day or something. I like to come to IHOP occasionally to try the new items...It's a god IHOP but isn't it time for IHOP to revamp? This one was good. Needs new carpet and a clean bathroom just like all of the rest.Food were ard , and that one server I had was very shitty. First of all, I just got my food for 10 minutes and he already gave us the bill. 
Scramble egg with cheese ? Did not tell us that charge 1 dollar extra, tasted even worst 
I asked can I  replace the 3 pancake to something else. He said yeah . So I replaced it with a waffle ,,, he did not tell me that is 4 dollars extra !  
Did not refill our water, and did not even look at us when he talked , literally went to our table for 10 mins for giving bills. 
It's a black dude with mustache covered with netsI've never blessed this location, on City Line and Ardmore...
But... there's something to be said for those cold nights when you want to satisfy your sweet tooth or sweet heart with some coffee, cakes, and five kinds of syrup (City Light is still in the '80s mode iHOP whereas Ardmore took that kitsch away).
iHop is overpriced as compared to the Denny's/Eat N' Park/Waffle House variety, but their coffee is better than the former two, and the pancakes are mighty healthy (not literally though).
Whenever I want that high school fun of a good caravan to get breakfast late at night, iHop beats out most of Philly's craptastic diners.The service across the board was sub par at best! The waitstaff acted as if they were bothered and didn't want to be at work. I had to get a manager as our food was  incorrect and cold! We were visiting from Chicago and Virginia! I definitely DO NOT recommend this IHOP!Haven't been here in years.  The kids still enjoy this place. I can do without it. They have some variation of dessert like pancakes and French toast now. I should've tried it. I just stuck with my go to order from years ago: veggie omelet and pancakes. Service was ok, nothing major.So.  First time at this restaurant and I must award five stars.  As part of a large group, we were seated quickly and without issue.  Our server was a superstar.  Understanding and attentive to each individual's request.  Food.  On point and good!  I had no issues, but the two in our group that needed something changed or taken back, they were met with respect and a quick turn around of their food.  Facility was clean and operated like any business with a rush time crowd.  I will go back to this IHOP.  Happily!Place is trash lmao. Straight up seated us in the dirties table that they could find. Asked if we could get a cleaner table, said nothing and came back with water. Just got up and left lmao. Don't come here, don't waste your time.Visited today ,had an awesome waiter whose name was James,made the visit very nice...he was really attentive and professional,but down to earth as well..
had the best omelette I have had at this location in a long time ..Food was ihop original. Nothing special, but good. Service was god awful, sent back meal multiple times and took forever.I'm a big fan of IHOP. But this was the first time I was seated opposite the kitchen door. Our waitress was friendly and the service was good. My only problem was that we happen to notice that her nails were extremely long, Looks cute lots of dazzle. my problem wasn't her nails but what she did with them. We happened to glance across into the kitchen and saw her picking up our pancakes with her hands without wearing gloves!! And yes those long nails. I would think that this is agains health regulations.. who know if she even washed her hands???This restaurant in my lone visit here in years reminded me of why I haven't visited lately. 
The service was poor, on the rare occasions that we actually saw our server he treated us as if we were inconveniencing him by requesting that he take his valuable time to do such things as bring condiments or drink refills.
Heaven forbid that our party ask him to do his job.
When our food arrived after a long delay, we had items missing, and he rudely told us that they were on the way. After another long delay those items arrived (likely because they were forgotten and cooked up after a reminder). On a positive note they were the only hot items that actually arrived hot. 
We were in a rush, which was already delayed by the poor service so we didn't ask to speak with a manager. My wife followed up online and IHOP basically told her they'd contact the store about our visit.
Most restaurants offer a small token to try to entice you back. Not IHOP, apparently the poor service starts at the corporate level and trickles down to the individual locations.
Thank you for a poor experience.
This location is an example of what gives chain restaurants a bad name.
Stay away.What should I expect from IHOP in North Philly, but this was a special kind of awful. 
It was 7 pm on a Saturday evening, not exactly pancake rush hour. We were seated in the one section in operation, next to some really obnoxious kids (the shrieking kind). There were three waitresses that I could see. We sat with menus and no server acknowledgement for 10 minutes. Then a waitress came over and took our drink and food orders. Cue a fifteen minute wait for a coffee and a soda. We actually had to flag down the manager to see where our beverages were. It seemed like every time we needed our waitress, we needed to chase her across the restaurant. Turns out that some friends of hers were seated in her section and she preferred chatting with them and playing with their kids than serving anyone else. 
We finally got our food (took about 40 minutes , which was odd since there were MAYBE 5 tables total and it was breakfast food). When the waitress gave me my food, I was confused, since it was not at all what I ordered. I told her this, and she just kind of looked at me and repeated the name of the meal I ordered. She refused to acknowledge that maybe she brought the wrong plate. EVENTUALLY she went back to the kitchen and came back with my food. She did not apologize or admit she had been wrong, she just dropped it off, ignoring my boyfriend and I's empty coffee cups. She left before we could even ask for refills. She didn't come back for another 20 minutes, at which point we just asked for the check. Another 15 minutes, then the check comes. The food was ok. Pancakes were average.
I have NEVER stiffed a waitress before, but the service was so bad. Even after speaking to management it did not improve. I was ready to just ask her where the soda machine was so I could get my own refill (literally didn't get a single refill for a soda I finished five minutes after I got it). Rough service. Never again.The customer service at this IHOP is deplorable. I waited almost a half hour for my food and the place was empty! I decided to get take-out the next time and again I had to wait for almost a half hour. While waiting for take-out I had to watch the hostess get groped by another employee Ben Rothlisberger style. I won't be visiting this place again any time soon.Possibly the worst IHOP I've been to so far. Don't expect good service from here and jesus christ, everything they have here is so freaking dirty. The tables they seat us at are ALWAYS sticky along with the stained utensils and dirtied glass cups. Servers look and act like they don't want to be there and once they give you your food, they disappear for a good 10-20 minutes. Not once did our server come back to check on us if we needed refills on our drinks. We finished our food while being on the brink of choking and then they came back and asked if we wanted a refill. Like thanks, can I get some water with a side of choking to death?The young lady at the front counter was Unprofessional. Your typical teenager, on the phone and leaning over the counter and between me ordering and other customers coming in. The conversation she had with a fellow coworker was definitely inappropriate/ Specifically because it had nothing to do with their job. I visited this establishment around 9:00 PM close to 10 actually and I noticed a difference when I went in the next day. Let's just say they could Benefit by training their employees on proper customer service. Not to mention the manager seemed as if she didn't care she was sitting her happy sad but down doing what look like nothing. Seemed as if she did not want to be bothered. The food was good that's why they got four stars otherwise they need to look into different management and maybe new staff or re-training the staff they already haveNastiest  IHOP Ever do not come here! Order food to go and didn't  even eat it after two bites. It tasted and smelled like it was cooked on a dirty grill.
Save yourself from spending money here and the disappointment!The service was really good however this place is just not a good environment for relaxed breakfast. There was too much bustling. Our seating was horrendous (to be fair the hostess asked if we wanted to sit there but did not explain the issue eith the area). We were right next to office and a table away from the kitchen. Employees were constantly getting changed right next to us and office door was kept ajar (see photos).  At one point during our meal a person from the kitchen came out and had a full on conversation (f*bomb filled) with someone who came to visit him. Food was average and my omelette was a little dry. My husband loved his food though. Table was also sticky but did have a variety of pancake syrups. Due to horrible seating and blah food I will not be going here again. I will take the trip further up the Blvd if I have a taste for IHOP.yes it's a bit pricey for sometimes just " okay " food ..and service is pretty much a crap shot BUT the pancakes are so good ...and the " skinny " vegtable omelet is super worth ordering..
we visted this location today and had a really nice young lady , whose name i didnt get unfortunately..a very pleasant muslim young woman who was attentive , but didnt hover..good waitress..
(*******side note ..mentioned " Muslim" ONLY because i hope the managers or higher up mucky mucks with ihop read these reviews and we want to compliment her on her service..this is a way of identifying her only...*******)
anyway..today must have been an " on " day at this location because we didnt have a crazy long wait time for our food, which happens here more often than not
.had a nice iced coffee , not bad at all for 2.99..We were pleased with the cleanliness, the food , the pace at which it was all delivered and the friendly smiling waitress. We were hungry and everything came out hot fresh and delicious. I had the two eggs with the smoked sausage and home fries, toast and coffee, my daughter had a fruit cup and banana pancakes, with whipped cream and bananas my son had scrambled eggs with pancakes and we gobbled it all up and had a great day. We will certainly return here. It was crowded too with what looked like locals so you know the food and service is good.Well today, I found a cockroach at my table while eating. Then, a phone that was left at the table disappeared and no one knew where it was. 
Oh, and right after I left the table because someone killed the roach at that table, they sat the next party. Gross.Excellent place to dine in for breakfast, lunch or dinner anytime of day! They are always busy during the day. This is the place to be!Lousy portions, not very clean, and the waitress gave me the bill, but didn't tell me to give her the money.  So I'm up at the register and that's when I find out that she handles the money part... and doesn't have enough change.
Folks, I went because I wanted some fancy syrup with my pancakes.  I got the fancy syrup, but was so disappointed with everything else, I know where I'm NOT going the next time I want breakfast.Worst IHOP in all of Philly! Here is a list of why:
1. I came in with my 6 year old daughter, so we were just a party of 2. An older white couple came in after us and were seated immediately while we had to wait a few minutes. 
2. My daughter was playing with a fork and I noticed clumps of food stuck on the back of it. I went to check the rest of the silverware set and they were all dirty! 
3. Our food took at least 20 minutes to come out and when it did it was cold and was not appetizing. 
4. Our server never came back to check on us. 
5. I took 2 bites of our meal and just wanted leave because I was so disappointed with the experience.
Overall, do not give this establishment your business. It's a waste of your time and money.pros..... when I got there it was jammed packed but the staff move very quick and it was a short wait.. the place is clean and the staff is friendly 
cons.... its VERY COLD in there feel like your sitting outside everyone had on their coat while eating their food..
Food: was Horrible sent my plate back twice and it still was nasty sorry but I wont be back to ihop no time sooner :(Used to come to here for breakfast often before I started working mornings, now I question even coming back at all after our dining experience tonight. Place was pretty empty looking so we figured we could grab a quick bite before the event we had to attend this evening. Quick was far from this experience. We got seated right away, drinks not too long after, and then waited a while for our server to finally come and take our order, so theres strike one. We order appetizers and asked for them to come out before our entres (both of us got mozzerella sticks, pretty easy appetizer you would think). Not only did the appetizers not even come out before the entre, but only ONE order of our two we placed came out with my husbands meal, STRIKE TWO! My mozzerella sticks and entre no where close to coming out with my husbands meal. So I start munching on his order of mozzarella sticks, and go figure, they were luke-warm, his country fried steak wasn't even close to being freshly hot, and his waffle he ordered on the side was so cold that the butter they placed on top of it didn't even melt one bit, STRIKE THREE!!!! Not to mention that he asked for sugar-free syrup and the one they gave him was clearly not sugar free, so heads up to any diabetics out there who come here to have a friend check the syrup! So now our waitress can clearly tell we are unhappy and calls the manager to come out and speak with us. Both the manager and waitress express they are sorry and its unacceptable and both end up blaming the cook and saying that he is too slow, which was clearly a lie because the few surrounding people that were seated after us all managed to get their meals before I did and looked pretty, oh how does IHOP say it, "rooti-tootie-fresh-n-frooti", so I just ask for my meal to come in a box so I can eat it later and a box for my husbands as well. The manager says he will go back and make it himself, which was courteous but as someone whos husband works in the restaurant industry, that should never ever happen. I finally get my meal and they made an extra set of mozzerella sticks and a fresh waffle for my husband to go, which was nice. But overall, I spent $50 on a meal that I didn't even get the chance to dine-in and eat and for a cold meal that my husband recieved and ended up taking home anyway. That night staff clearly needs an overhall! Really skeptical about coming back for breakfast on a day off now.I love coming to this ihop I always have a great time and a heart experience, the waiters and waitresses are very nice and very professional (I really appreciate that) and the food is fantastic my favorite dish is the bacon temptation omelette it is so good and cheesy just the way I like it this will be the place I will go to when I want to spend time with my family or if I have a taste for my favorite omelette!Service sucked!!!! I waited with my mom for about 25 minutes while waiting for our waitress to come get our order. I asked for turkey bacon I got pork bacon (I don't eat pork because of religious reasons so I was pretty annoyed) the food was okay but then again it's IHOP so whateverWorst service ever . Worse place to come . They will NOT see me anytime soon . Management was even worse. they had waiting for 30 minutes just to tell me i m at the wrong IHOP.I was a little disappointed coming to this IHOP. They sat me next to a drafty window. The food took a long time to arrive and when it did the taste was subpar. The eggs were tasteless. The hash browns were burnt on the bottom. They only good thing about the whole meal was the pancakes (thank god) because they were nice and fluffy.The food critic strikes again! I present this IHOP with 5 stars for a few main reasons. 
Number 1: IHOP waiters/waitresses are very polite and always come to make sure you are enjoying. They never get the food wrong either. 
Number 2: They find the best ways to give your food extra sweetness and make you enjoy it more without you even asking! On Any order of fries they put amazing seasoning which makes it tangy. On burgers they provide the best special combinations! Be careful, they have a nasty green pepper!
Number 3: The food may take a few minutes but it is worth the wait! Everything is cooked perfectly and they always give exactly what you ask for!
This is why I award IHOP 5 stars.Came here after a longggg day out. 
Very nice and comforting inside. I was with my bf and we were greeted by a very nice waitress who also recommended me sirloin tips with eggs and hash browns. 
The wait wasn't very long for the food to come out so that was a big plus since I was STARVING. 
The sirloin tips with eggs were not what I thought it would be. I thought it would be savory but it was sweet and I was craving something salty so it caught me off guard and I did not like it. But of course, I eat everything so I devoured that whole plate and left nothing but my dignity behind. The meat was also differentiating in texture. Some of it was super chewy, hard and or soft and mushy. 
Nonetheless, good service and mediocre food.I normally love this IHOP but idk if there is a change in employees or if it was just a bad day but the service was horrible. It was my mom's birthday and we had a party of 7 and it took at least 15 minutes for a waitress to even come over to ask for our drinks or even acknowledge us. My sister ordered an omelet that was not what she expected and asked for something added which they were supposed to add but after about 30 minutes of not receiving her omelet we just left. Added on top of the fact that the waitress had a stank attitude the whole time I will simply say it was not a nice experience. The only reason to justify the 1 star is that the manager did address the situation and gave a discount. Besides that I would definitely not recommend coming to this IHOPWent to this IHOP with my sister.  Service was lousy, the wait staff was loud and playful with each other, not professional at all.  My sis and I asked for separate checks, but they charged my card for both order, again, wait staff playing around.  Called them to inform them of their mistake, the manager told me my sister and I would have to return before they refunded my bill (I guess so they could charge her).  Had to call the corporate office to get this resolved.  This was well over a year ago and I have never been back.  There is another IHOP near Haldeman and the BLVD, much better service, more professional wait staff, and much better food.At 7pm, I ordered the blue cheese bacon sirloin. First, no mozzarella sticks. Second, no blue cheese sauce thats meant for the steak. Third, no broccoli. I mean, what the hell! Then my fiancee food came out before mine. Not long before, but still some time.Sometimes a girl is sad. Sometimes a girl is hungry. Sometimes a girl is sad and hungry and it's 2 pm on a weekday, and she sees IHOP and it momentarily makes her happy. So she stops in for a little sugar/carb lovin'.
And then the girl doesn't get acknowledged on for about 10 minutes. And when she does, she has to beg for her silver dollar pancakes and sausage links. And then she waits for another 20 minutes for them as the dude at the table next to her keeps trying to talk to her about George Bush while she's clearly reading. And when the food finally arrives...meh.
Que another 10 minutes for the waitress to show up and another 10 to bring the fecking check. 
Never again, IHOP. Never again will you lure this girl in with your pancake siren song.Came for this it was sooo good I forgot to take pics of actual food though. When a girl hungry she's hungry. The service was good took awhile but server was nice Dayshon.If I could give this place zero stars I would 
My children and I went here and were seated fast of course we should it's only 4 people in the restaurant we sat for a good 15 before people after us started meeting their sever and placing their drink order
I asked the young man was he our sever looking confused he stated and ask did my server come over I told him no. The ignorant girl that was supposed to be my sever walked passed me 3 times and looked me in my face twice never even introduced herself! Again the restaurant is empty. So we left and before I walked out I told the manager and her response was ok never again.This place was great right up until I slipped on their wet mats and almost broke my neck...can we say embarrassing!  They would have had five stars for my experience if it was not for this and that was with the waiter taking his sweet time coming to take our orders and bring my coffee.
MMMM...delicious french toast...order the french toast!  Again the scrambled eggs at IHOPs all over tend to be mediocre, so you may want to try having yours cooked another way.  Since I gave up on their measly little pieces of ham, I did not order any meat.  Thank goodness my friend who loved her Spinach and cheese omelet, ordered their smoked sausage which is way better than those other salty sausages they offer!  Her pancakes looked a bit suspect though.  Overall I enjoyed my food, but did not appreciate the scrape on my knee!Service was horrible, ghetto staff starting with the supervisor supposedly working yesterday 10/4/15 to the hoodrats arguing about their hours in the waiting room, while only one waiter was working. Never again!!!! They get one star cause it won't let me leave it blank. Feel sorry if there's a good worker in there stuck with them idiots.Horrible!!! Horrible!! Horrible!!!! Ordered take out. They said it would be 15 minutes. Ended up being 45 minutes. I ordered steak tips, I asked them to hold the mushrooms (I said it twice) the host actually wrote my order down correct. Food came out and the steak tips had extra mushrooms in it. How awesome ihop on the Blvd?!?!!!! The manager took super long to redo the receipt because I decided not to get the steak. Nobody ever branch our juice out to us. We ended up leaving without the food. Not to mention when we first walked in someone else was already complaining about the wait time for their order. It was just very unorganized and frustrating. The cooks are clearly doing WHATEVER it is that they want back there in the kitchen and the manager is doing NOTHING about it. He didn't come out to apologize or anything. Won't be returning here ever again. Staff needs to be re trained or fired/ and hire new employees. Just horribleThis is this first time in a while that my husband and i have gone to this location (7/26/17). We had a bad experience about a year ago and said that we would never go back, but we were starving and this location was close to us. We figured we would give it anothet shot. We both got breakfast at about 3pm since we had not eaten all day. We got the same meal. Eggs (asked to have them over medium),  sausage, bacon, hashbrowns, and 2 pancakes. Our eggs came to us almost raw, the hashbrowns were overcooked and tastless, the bacon was rubbery and very undercooked, and butter on the pancakes was bitter. All of our food was cold. My husband asked the waitress if we could have the bacon cooked a bit longer. She had a cook come out with an empty plate and he asked us to put our bacon on the plate so he could cook it longer. The waitress brought our bacon back out. You could immediately tell that it was microwaved and it was burnt to a crisp. Completely unedible. We ate about 10% of the food on our plates and couldnt eat anymore. It was so disappointing. The waitress didnt even ask if everything was ok. She chatted with her coworkers and didnt even say thank you when we left. In the midst of her conversation with her coworkers, she handed us our change. I still cant belive that we paid $40 with tip for that food and that terrible service. The place wasnt busy at all. We will never return to this location again. In fact, im tempted to call and ask for my money back. I am not one to complain and i will never send my food back because i know what the kitchen staff will/can do to your food, but i had to write this today. The place was dirty and the menu was sticky. There were food on our suposidly clean forks. We had to ask for new utensils. L&I needs to visit this location today!!No service really available to cater to you. Got the wrong order. The avocados and eggs didn't seem fresh. The utensils looked dirty.I ordered online and picked up at the store. I got there and my order was ready. I got home and I got the completely wrong order. My biscuits and gravy came with no gravy. Everything about the order was wrong. I called and the man hung up on me for no reason. I tried calling again and my call was declined. There's no point of coming here. Never going to again.I went a week ago . It was AWFUL . Food was downsized .. nothing like it was few years ago when I went . Little ass baby sized pancakes. Dirty ass glasses . Nasty tables . The workers clearly hate the job(I would too) . They need to be shut down .Used to like this location until today we saw first hand an employee handling food without gloves on. Unacceptable. Don't eat here. Hoping no one gets sicks.Waited 40 minutes for Waffle and potato pancakes !!!
Requested the leisurely waiter to serve food because I have to get to work. 
He said waffles split opened! 
Left without eating breakfast.
No wonder customers rate this location very poor! Service S****!!Not even gonna talk a lint the food. The cranberry juice was warm and sour, nuff saidSo I ordered pancakes and chicken, I got 2 eggs 4 bacon strips and that hash, what I actually got only realizing it when I got him was 1 egg 4 bacon strips 1 chicken tender a hash and no pancake needless to say I don't think I'll ever recommend this place, nor eat from it again, like even a high mc Donald's employee won't get this much wrong!worst service ever. first they bring me to a dirty table, where there are still plates and food spilled everywhere. (I can be understanding) but after 5 mins of standing there and no one cares to help me, I started cleaning it myself and putting the dirty dishes on another dirty table. THEN, I'm sitting down for 15 mins and no one even cares to come take my order.... worst customer service, everyone's busy talking instead of taking care of customersFood was mediocre at best.  Service was horrible, waitress kept forgetting to bring our water.  Never again.Tried to order online for pick up and the girl who answers the phone is COMPLETELY rude and ghetto has a nerve to tell me that she doesn't like my attitude....since when do you say that to a customer? I asked for her manager and the manager was JUST AS BAD. Telling me do i understand? And I can't look at the first thing. All of this because I did not want ham on the sandwich I order and she said they would see what the can do, see what you can do to take meat off a sandwich? Ok...corporate should REALLY look into doing a walk through with the DM and RM because the nerve these employees have there is like its their own personal mom and pop breakfast store! HORRIBLE!Wait time was ridiculous food was ok warm not hot. Seating was limited to what seemed to be one area I like to relax with my family when we go out. I don't really care for crowded accommodations especially when more than half of the place is empty. And not reserved. It may be easier on servers. But how much more of a convenient option could it really be for them getting through such tight spots when serving. Prices were good. Place was clean. Servers have very big attitudes I guess short staffed.This IHOP is very crowed and small.The host keep on leaving everyone,instead of giving everyone a table. And my family didn't get a chance to eat or sit down.Pancakes! We came here for late night desserts. Birthday cake pancakes, strawberry cheesecake pancakes, crepes and a chocolate sundae. It hit the spot! 
When I pulled up I thought the place was closed. One car in the lot, very few ppl dining, if any, at the time. Our waitress was new so she struggled to get our order but she was very nice. Everything came out fairly quick and the bill was super cheap. 
I would definitely come through for desserts again.If you are looking for low quality dining with rude servers, look no further. A friend and I went to this IHOP just this morning and the restaurant was visibly pretty empty. Nonetheless, the hostess said she would be with us in just a moment and proceeded to keep us waiting for 10 minutes before we were seated. Keep in mind, the place was practically empty. But that's not that worst  of it. Our waitress kept us waiting for another 10 minutes before she decided to pay any attention to us. The moment I put my final bite of food in my mouth, the lady plops our check on the table and walks away without saying anything. Needless to say, I left a shitty tip and will most certainly never return.worst food  The "tasty creamy mashed potatoes" is not testy or creamyit tastes funnyMy friend doesn't feel well after eating over there, and diarrheamy friend and i waiting 30 minutes to get seated and then had to wait an hour and a half for my food and to pay. also the waiter was very disrespectfulI attended here on Friday 5/3/19 during the morning shift. The hostess was nice, she noticed that I was standing there and she immediately sat me. my table had a few crumbles from the last person that sat there, and my silver ware I opted not to use because my fork had something at the tip of the fork and I was not going to ask for another one, so, instead  I asked for plastic. Note the silverware did have a very nice shine and gloss to it though. 
If you read any of my post you know that I try to check out the bathrooms almost everywhere I go because there's an old wives tale that a bathroom and kitchen tells a true description of how clean you are...but I'm guessing these wives tales applied to personal homes--so, on that note, I totally understand that it is hard
To keep a public bathroom clean...but all you have to do is make sure someone is checking the bathrooms hourly or every other hour at the least. Anyhow, the bathrooms here were NOT as clean as I would have hoped that they were, so that was a true bummer for me. 
My waiter's name was Eric, he was pretty nice, but I had to ask for butter and hot syrup two times, and when I placed my order I thought I was getting the combo that I usually order that comes with 4 pieces of meat but this platter that he brought out only had 2 pieces of meat --so, I had to wait to order 2 more pieces of meat so that I could have a total of 4. 
Eric was polite, he must be a pretty seasoned waiter because he didn't need to use a pen pad to write down my order. I noticed that Eric only used the pad once he received a party of about 10 people, so that's pretty cool. 
All in all the food was good, it satisfied my ihop pancake craving...and Eric was nice and the hostess immediately sat me so this experience was a positive one aside from
(The bathrooms, the wait time for my meat, the silverware and the initial table crumblings residue). 
Thank  you Eric.Honestly  the wait time was okay but the food came out in parts not all together. The pancakes where dry and not very good the waiters to way to long to ask us for our order. Took long to bring all the food and even had to remind the waiter to bring a missing plate. Won't be coming back here again...Unprofessional... worst service i came by. I called this IHOP to set up my order , not only did this person answer the company phone as if it was his personal phone he was really unprofessional. I had to reassure myself that i called IHOP when i ask this employee "is this IHOP"? He reply yeah . I said i will like to place an order, he reply saying only taking order online ... i ask can i call back and edited my order ? He reply saying no what's on online is what you get . Since they so call couldn't take phone order i call Aramingo IHOP and they happily help me over the phone with my order . All that had to be edited was my side order . I'll never order or attend this place i can just imagine the customer service in person.We were waiting in an empty restaurant for 45 minutes after being told it will be a 20 minute wait. When asked what was going on they said to go orders were a priority and couldn't serve us until the to go orders where done.  They said it could be another half an hourThe absolute worse. Prior to the pandemic when I've called in an order I've waited at the restaurant for over an hour while they try and figure out where and if my meal is ready. 
Since this pandemic it's gotten worse. They are not organized, can never find your order and when you ask how much longer you get a few more minutes when you've been waiting for more than 30minutes. 
When ordered was first placed it said it would be done at a certain time, got there called and was told to wait a few more minutes. Well 30 minutes later and still NOT A THING!!! Very disorganized
Make sure you check your order, the last time I received someone else's food. Didn't know until I got home.Came in for veterans day and they treated me like a homeless person. I was going to give a good tip. But the lady didnt even bring me water. And said they couldnt serve me because i didnt have id. I had my dd214 and pictures of me in iraq. She still went to the manager and after getting the ok from the manager she never cane back to ask if i was ok nor did she ever ask me if i wanted to purchase anything. Didnt even get a water. Ghetto ignorant people hereThe worst IHOP I have ever been too. The people in the kitchen shouldn't even be considered "chefs" they're just back there literally playing with peoples food . Not making the shit NO WHERE NEAR HOW ITS SUPPOSED TO BE MADE. Missing ingredients, condiments and all . Completely ruined my appetite & had thee audacity to not even acknowledge their wrong doings . Never again.Ordered two turkey cheddar clubs sandwiches w avacado it had no bacon and no cheese and no avocado absolutely ridiculous