I hate this store, it is what it is.  It's overpriced cheaply made furniture that you have to shop for, cart, tote, and assemble yourself.  The price for a bedroom set or anything other than one piece adds up so quickly that you're better off going to a furniture store and getting real wood.  I think if people took time to compare the price of real furniture that could last a lifetime compared to the pressed particle board that so easily bends, breaks, tears, etc., there would be no hesitation to buy better stuff.  Ashley or another reasonably priced furniture retailer should open up next door.  Also, every employee seemed miserable, which added to my own misery in this warehouse of crap.Over the past decade I've been to Ikea stores in four different states. I know what to expect at this point. I willingly embrace the particle board furniture, maze-like store layouts, and trying to wrestle giant boxes of flat-packed furniture onto a cart. 
But until today, I didn't know a trip to Ikea could be this miserable. I realized I've taken the blue and yellow homogeneity of other stores for granted.
At 5:30 PM on a Wednesday, the South Philly Ikea felt strangely similar to a Wal*Mart at 2am. Their "marketplace" area is under construction, but that doesn't explain why the few marketplace items that were available were arranged in no discernible groups and strewn about like a small tornado had just come through. Many of the items in the self-service pickup area were unavailable - not because they were actually out of stock, but because no one had bothered to bring any down from the higher shelves. Pallet trucks blocked the aisles, but weren't actually being used. We were only able to find about 3/4 of the stuff we had planned to buy.
When we went to checkout we were informed that the line was closing and that we should get in another line. Except that there weren't any others open - just those infernal "15 items or less" self checkout machines - and we had two carts piled full of unwieldy furniture. Apparently it was time for the cashier's legally mandated break. Why no one had planned for this eventuality is beyond me, but after standing around for 10 minutes they managed to find someone else to open a register rather than funnel everyone in the store through the self check-out area. 
On a positive note, the gentleman who did ring us up was quick and friendly, and scheduling delivery was pretty painless.  But overall this is the most depressing Ikea I've ever been to, and I'm sticking to the one out in Consohocken from now on.I have been usually pleased with the food court at IKEA , but recently they have made some changes . They no longer serve Lingonberry juice from the fountain. You have to buy a single serving. Why the Change? The cashier was even rude. I asked about my rewards cards and asked if he would accept a phone # while he was ringing me up . The food item had a discount . When I asked him again ., He shorted " You have to have it with you " i was surprised at the tone of an Ikea Employee. I am so disappointed.  First time I had a bad experience.I've been to a dozen or so Ikea locations up and down the east coast. One thing is for sure, one is not better than the rest.  They all offer the same stock, are about the same size, and have the same set up - displays upstairs, inventory downstairs.  In the 20 + years I've been a customer it's been a love/hate affair.
LOVE the displays providing room design ideas, the multiple ways they use the same pieces, and the fact that you can see and feel how each piece functions.  Love the options and choices.  Love the prices and abundance of inventory, the way things are packed to make transporting home in a car easy.  Love that they also have Swedish food to eat there or take home prepackaged.
HATE the return process (if you can even get them to take something back), the hunt for the merchandise on your list, the complex assembly with limited instructions.  Hate the poor quality and the fact that inventory and parts change often and chances are if something breaks you can't get replacement parts.  Hate the long lines that are present at every location, the lack of help loading.  Hate that you have to buy their bag if you want your items bagged.
One thing I have discovered is even if you scour the catalog for days on end, make a list and check it twice once you get to the store all will change.  You'll see a piece in a display different from the catalog and fall in love, or the opposite - you'll see the piece you came for and the display isn't how you envisioned.  Either way sometimes too many choices equal too much frustration.
This coming from a woman that once packed up my car, measured the space remaining, and went back and purchased more.  That drove home two hours down the turnpike smack dab against the windshield because the driver's seat held not only myself but a box.  Or that I once loaded my car so full I couldn't even see my children.  Yes, all this has happened and happens all the time.  If you want a good comical reality experience just sit in the parking lot and watch people load for a few hours....
Overall as I aged so did my style.  While the catalog and displays are nice, rarely if ever does that same piece look like that in my own home.  My daughter's bedroom was entirely Ikea and in less than a year we had to do multiple repairs on our own.  Drawer bottoms are week, side rails are plastic, beds and dressers are no more than particleboard wrapped in a laminate skin.  Wheels on trundle beds are undersized and the design faulty.  What works for the Swedes unfortunately doesn't work for American children.
As a middle aged woman I now come for the inspiration.  For ideas that I can take home and rework with more structurally sound pieces.  I come for the accessories, the candles in bulk, and the furniture pieces that are inexpensive and will only get occasional use.  I come for the unique - things that can only be found at Ikea.  For a day browsing with girlfriends or killing time in a vacation location.
So this love  affair for the most part is over, or maybe just categorized to friends with benefits.Ok who doesnt like Ikea! I furnished my new apartment with all things ikea, its so affordable and chic its crazy! I now have a white fabric couch and wont be too upset if anything happens to it since it was such a good price and the covers are washable!
They have a flat $99 for delivering (straight into whatever room you want) which is really good if you buy multiple big pieces all at once.
For the smaller stuff I just went in the store and drove them back home.
Their wooden cubes for storage is amazing and so versatile! As is basically everything else.. ok I just love this place!Alright, I felt the need to write a little update from a positive side...
My fiance and I went here last week for a "Save the SS United" presentation.  If you're not sure what the SS United is, it's the rusting Titanic across the street.  Since my fiance is writing her thesis on the ship, we felt like it was a good event to go to... not to mention that it was catered by Ikea and all I could think of was unlimited Swedish meatballs.  It was exactly that, but more.  To my surprise, they did one hell of a job hosting/catering this event.  The venue was perfect because as they did slide shows and such about the ship, it was sitting in the water right across the street.  In addition to that, Ikea now has SS United awareness stickers on the window - two points for community outreach!  I'm getting off track - the food was great and plenty of it, the event was cool and spacious and I was thoroughly impressed.  4 stars because I still have issues with returns department...This IKEA location is about the same as the one in Southern California. They got a good selection of furniture to choose from. Most of their items are in stock and their products are fairly organized. The parking is ample and you can load your furniture at the front loading spots of the store. The food they offer on the second floor is pretty good for the price. I enjoyed the BBQ Ribs combo. The ribs were tasty and saucy. I would come back just for the food.Not my favorite IKEA store but I needed a place to kill time before lunch.  Overall I am VERY fond of IKEA stores.  They always have some great gadgets & I try to grab them when I can before they are gone.  Got my fix today & really enjoyed it.This is the first IKEA I've ever been to, and it's pretty awesome. I just come here to organize my place more and get inspired by their sleek, fancy designs. 
The top floor is the show room and the bottom is where you can actually shop and throw items in your cart or trolley. You can also get a tasty meal on the top floor, and I recommend their traditional Swedish meatballs!
If you see a short Caucasian woman walking around with a look of wonder on her face, that's probably me, walking around for fun. Haha.It's Ikea, I mean, they've perfected the process of finding the cheapest most mass-produced crap that is both palatable yet slightly unsatisfying to almost everyone equally. I'm not really sure at this point if I'm reviewing the food or the furniture, yet. Hmm, I used the word "palatable," I guess I'll go with the food.
So, yeah, it's Ikea. If you've eaten at one, they're all the same. Their cafeteria is best during school hours on school days (to avoid the herds of screaming children barely controlled by their parents) which is coincidentally, the only good time to shop for pressboard (oops, I mean furniture). I've had both breakfast and lunch, and neither were spectacular, but it filled the belly, thus achieving my purpose.
The most unique part of the dining experience is being able to sit and look out at the decaying SS United States on the Delaware. Or explaining to my wife why they don't have underground parking like every other Ikea (psst, it has something to do with the water level that close to the river.)It is a fact that sometimes the hubs and I spend an entire afternoon at Ikea...just for fun. It is also true that the main reason we come is for lunch and to buy tubes of fish spreads in the marketplace.
I love the food at Ikea. I always have. I have fond memories of schlepping out to the Ikea in Conshy when I was a kid and eating gravadlax and the dessert sampler (no longer available much to my chagrin). Of course those memories also include the strange children I was forced to coexist with in the ballroom...
So anyway, now when we go to Ikea, we almost always get meatballs...but there have been the few odd times that I have indeed veered out of my comfort zone...I can safely say that a cheesesteak (gasp) from Ikea is just as good as one from Jims. Seriously folks, I have lived in the 215 for 24 years (save for the four dreadful ones spent in New England) and know a good cheesesteak when I see it. 
Also, the poached salmon is decent. I have a friend that swears by the shrimp salad on toast, and my mother still always gets the gravadlax. 
Also, saving the best for last: THEY HAVE THE BEST MAC AND CHEESE. It is so delicious and chemically infused and I do love it so. 
xoMy happy place.
Who doesn't like a cheap lunch at Ikea followed by a $1 frozen yogurt? 
Cheap furniture (yes, some stuff falls apart...but you really get what you pay for and Ikea has a big range of quality depending on your budget). The employees are generally helpful. This is such a wonderful store that I like to get lost in.Sold incomplete cabinet with shopping list for discontinued doors. Salesman promised secret phone number to another store but never provided. Had to return items but when I ordered the cabinet online for $49 more, only received hinges. Everything else apparently was discontinued. Can not call stores or check orders online. Have to send an email and ask for update. Are the Swedes so backwards?Damn IKEA! My apartment looks like a reality tv show set.
Hint: Remember to have a plate of meatballs along the way.
Hint: Great for small spaces and for people who can't commit to any furniture for long periods because they move around a lot or have commitment issues.
Beware: some cheap items are just that, cheap! Just return them if you're unhappy. They've never hassled me on a return. Eg: I bought a Gilbert chair, screwed in the screws for the metal legs with my manly man arms (not), and the screws went through the wood seat and poked you when you sat down. Then again, maybe u like to get poked?
Tip: have enough in your checking account before you go and use your debit card - you get a coupon worth 3% of your current purchase for your next purchase. Don't lose it! If you don't plan on coming back, save a small item from your purchase. Make your purchase, get your coupon, then use the coupon for the small item.Damnit, I do like IKEA. Listen, its affordable furniture and housewares that actually look nice. It's not lifetime stuff, so don't plan on moving any of it with you if you move to a new place. A lot of the wood is terrible and will warp when it gets wet. The picture frame sizes are weird, but you can make it work. 
Things I really like buying from ikea: 
1. Blankets and duvet's. I know other who have them, and I just invested in some and am thoroughly impressed. The pillow cases that i got have button closures, or fabric closures. Score.  
2. Dish scrubbers. They have this one that has a suction on the bottom, and comes in fun colors. They are $1.
3. Fun paper plates, napkins, straws.
4. $1 soft serve frozen yogurt
5. kids stuff. Toys, dishes, etc. I even use the littlest stuffed toys as cat toys.
Things I have learned not to buy from IKEA:
1. Pots for plants. They do not have drainage holes.
2. Cardboard storage boxes
3. $7 end table (if you have been here, you know which one I am talking about)We bought a bedroom and paid for IKEA to assemble it-they charge a very expensive fee. They arrived to our home with one of the parts missing and have been telling us that they will return and put it together yet have not done so. My wife had to wait more than an hour on the line with them to only get false promise after another. Very disappointing. We will never bug anything from there. Not worth the savings.It's an IKEA, it is what any IKEA is anywhere in the world. That's either creepy or comforting.
This review is specifically for my experience at returns yesterday. I had ordered shelves from the website, then decided I didn't like them, & that I wanted other shelves instead. I had no paper receipt, just an email on my phone. I was nervous.
Needlessly nervous, apparently. Easy peasy to return, & she made sure to indicate that I live in Philadelphia to be certain that I got ALL of my tax monies refunded to me as well. Walked away with a giftcard, easily found the shelves I wanted instead, paid with said giftcard, & was out the door quickly. That's my kind of shopping experience!Since there are many reviews on Ikea already, I'll just add my favorite parts.
Shopping here for convenience items like over-the-door towel holders, dish drying racks, trivets, knobs, organizers, etc. is brilliant for people that are coming into their own space. It saves a lot of money (particularly when compared to Bed, Bath and Beyond) while not sacrificing style or function at all.
That being said, I would not buy furniture items here, unless your an adept do-it-yourself-er. The directions for the cabinets we installed could have been more helpful, but it was a learning experience and I would most certainly buy from them again.I love IKEA and how can you not?
This IKEA is like most IKEAs except they served cheesesteaks.  Wait, what???  Good cheesesteaks at IKEA and maybe the best in the city?  Yes.  They were portion controlled and tasty.  Then they stopped making them.
Seriously, IKEA bring back your cheesesteaks!
Also, the lines here are awful on weekends and I ended up buying the items I needed at your Conshohocken location the next day.Returns and exchanges need to get it together. I had a 20 lamp that needed an extra screw and they gave me improper directions for 40 minutes. I ended just going to lowes to buy the screw. I will never shop at IKEA again.If you are into saving a few bucks and putting furniture together yourself then you found the perfect place.  All the packages are easy to assemble and I have yet to miss a screw or have a missing board.
The store offers a kid care area which is great.   
The store is designed as a maze which works out good because you don't "miss" anything.  You see how different rooms are set up in case you have a smaller apartment or home.   It also gives you decorating ideas for the smaller items like frames, lamps and vases.
The quality of the furniture has definitely improved over the last 20 years.  I can build a bookcase without worrying about it breaking from the weight of my items.
They have a nice hot food area which is reasonably priced and always crowded for good reason.
If you don't have a big car and you want items delivered the delivery fee varies but is reasonable.
There is also a small food place on the way out with ice cream and hotdogs.
I wish I could give this place a 4 star but my few negative items are :
~ parking -  You have to leave your merchandise by the front door since the carts don't go more then 5 feet past the building.    Which wouldn't be a big deal if you a) had a second person with you and b) didn't have to wait for a space to open during peak periods.
~ cashiers - NEVER NEVER NEVER seem to have enough people at check or at the return desk.  The return desk is so long that they installed the number ticket system.    The regular cashier lines are so long that it helps you practice patience.  Just remember how much fun it will be putting the furniture together and how much patience you are learning.
Will I be back?  Yes   .. I do like the quality of the products and the prices.Professional staff. Merchandise is good quality.  Pieces were delivered and assembled as promised.  Will use them again.I just moved to philadelphia and didnt bring much furniture so the last weeks a have been purchasing almost an entire new home at IKEA, both at the warehouse and online. Most of the products have been working out great, for those who were not perfect or missing in the online delivery, new ones where sent by Fedex right away, their employees at their call center are really helpful and professional. I also had a sofa bought online I though was to hard. I took it to the warehouse and got money back so I could buy another sofa. When something is not working or you are not fully satisfied, the employees try to help you in all ways to fix it something I really appreciate. During the last weeks I have been in contact with at least six employees to get help with my purchases and they have all been very service minded.I like coming to IKEA for the Swedish Meatballs. My wife loves this place. When my two girls were toddlers we'd come here often, they loved all the colorful toys. The furniture is lovely, it looks beautiful - but not a fan of it. I guess Ikea furniture is good for college dorms. But I don't like the idea of using a tiny little S shaped tool to put my furniture together. But that's just me.Tummy full of swedish meatballs makes me smile and burp a little..right now.
People often ask me where I brunch.. HA! I say, IKEA fool! $.99 for some powdered eggs, greasy bacon and fried taters, emm effer! I actually pour ranch dressing all OVER the breakfast to make it taste extra yummy. The husband drowns his in syrup.
 I can honestly say that this breakfast is better than alot of places in town. Especially some nasty shit like IHOP. and if you don't like it..don't eat it. It was only a dolla!
I really like the coffee..so smoooth. 
kisses to Ikea. I like your shitty furniture and your food. Just what I needed.IKEA is IKEA, so this review is mainly About their customer service. I was there a few times at their customer service desk. There were many people waiting and only ONE (then two) employees behind the counter. This means one of two things for me: employees don't take customer care too seriously ( several employees were walking by seeing this huge line and ignored us completely) OR the management is really poor and not attentive. Not happy.The service at this Ikea is the worst.  
Last time we went, all the Ikea family kiosks were down.   We tried one, it was broken, we asked a nearby associate what we should do to get our Ikea family card, and she said to go try a different kiosk.  We tried the next nearest kiosk, it was also not working, so we asked another employee, and they sent us to customer service.  We went to customer service and they told us to go try another kiosk.  "But we already tried a couple, and they're all down".  "Go try one upstairs".
I'll give you one guess as to whether or not the upstairs kiosk was working......
This is just one example of one time we've been to Ikea on Columbus, but it pretty well encompasses our customer service experience each time.Try to avoid the weekend rush but otherwise better layout than Conshy store. Bonus for the cafeteria & 50 cent froyo & hot dogsUp until recently this IKEA has been great. Lately it's been going downhill in terms of customer service and product availability. Yesterday we went to purchase a mattress pad. The customer service rep issued a form for furniture pick-up. We waited in line to pay and then waited again 25 minutes in the Furniture Pick-up area only to be told that it wasn't in stock and that they wouldn't deliver it to the house when it came in. Our only choice was to have the money refunded and come back on any random day only to go through the entire experience again just to figure out if another mattress pad is in stock. WTF IKEA, no one would put themselves through that torture! Please get it together because otherwise we'd love to shop with you.The part in the movie 500 Days of Summer where they are in IKEA is amazing and I think about that whenever I go in the store. I always get lost and/or find the longest way to get to one section of the store. Honestly, I don't mind losing my way in IKEA because it's such a great store and if I had more time this past visit, I would have gotten a meal here. It's a very unique buying process and I appreciate having to look far and wide for items because they are great products.Who doesn't like IKEA? You've got to be a pretty strange individual to not fall in love with their stuff. Ok sure it's not made out of the greatest material and most of the items you buy you shouldn't expect to have in 10 years, but it's so pretty!
Make your way through the model homes. Being someone with absolutely no creative ability, but who certainly appreciates well placed rugs, I fell in love! Walk up to the second story and walk through all the things you never really could afford and certainly don't need, but you buy anyways. For example, my friend came here to buy a potato peeler. Don't ask.
What would be equally as heinous as not liking the store itself is coming here and leaving without eating their food. BAD DOG. It's so tasty! Their Swedish meatballs are aMAzing. You get a dozen of those scrumptious balls rolled around in their gravy. Their desserts are amazing too! Ice cream is a dollar.I love Ikea, I really do...I just hate dealing with the crowds.  I've found that it is best to avoid it during the weekend and go during the weekday.  
Recently, I've been enticed to venture there during the weekend because there have been such great deals available, such as 400 threadcount sheets for 10 bucks and the expedit shelving unit for 50 bucks.  I also picked up a set of dishes, setting for 6, for about 10 bucks which was conveniently placed near the checkout line to entice me.  You need a serious game plan before heading out to Ikea, such as making a shopping list...and sticking to it!  
My tactic  for navigating Ikea is to enter the store at the customer service door...make my way straight to the 'as is' section to see if I can get a deal on something that is on my list.  Then I make my way directly to the areas of the store where I need to purchase my items (look for the shortcuts, they can be your best friend).   Its always best to avoid the upstairs showroom because that will only entice you to buy more stuff you don't really need.   
You need to be strong willed when shopping there, especially near the checkout lines where they line up all these fantastic deals that you cannot resist taking home with you.  Got to give them props, Ikea is a marketing genius!DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME GOING TO THIS STORE!  Two weeks ago went to buy sofa.  Chose a sofa went to get all of the pieces with the clerk, got to last component, was told it wasn't in stock. She went to the manager so that we could order the sofa and have delivered. Was told I could not order until all pieces were available which would be in two days. Went back to store....went through the whole process again, then found out all components again not in stock!!!! (online it stated the pieces were all in stock at this store 19148). Decided to order another sofa online and have delivered.  It was delivered today and it included the wrong screws. Went in person to 19148 store they gave me new screws, got home and they are wrong AGAIN!  I have been on hold for 40 minutes with the store...DO NOT, I repeat DO NOT, go to IKEA!  I will be disputing the charge on my credit card and I will NEVER shop there again.  BTW I am still on hold......talk about BAD customer service, this is appalling.Meh. It's an average ikea. Displays and sells ikea stuff. But Smaland is a pain. This is only 3rd time we've tried to use it, and the other two times were in the Winter and store was understandably mobbed. There were waits but we got in.  Today, store is not so crazy. But, they are only allowing 6 children at a time into Smaland. We were initially told 25 minutes, but it is first-come-first-serve, so when we came back 20 minutes later, they said 45 minutes. Why they can't do a buzzer or overhead system, or just hire more damn staff so that all kids who want to can just play already! What a pain and a letdown for my kid who really wanted to play in the ball pit. Well, I'm getting my free cup of Ikea Family member coffee and not buying a thing from them today!I always have fun here. I always regret moving any furniture I bought here though. The neat business model allows me to feel responsible for putting together the particle board together improperly. If you want actual wood you have to pay up, & still risk putting it together poorly or loosely.  
More importantly, they have removed the ball pit. Now there are wisks there. You can build an 18 piece wisk set instead of playing in a ball pit.I like ikea but not this location only because of the service. Great products but good luck checking out with warm customer service. When I got home I was missing an item that I purchased and waited on the phone for 25 minutes to talk to someone.I used to drink the kool-aid too.  Ikea used to be God's gift to man.
The other day I found myself unplugged from the Matrix.
I went there with my roommate to pick up a few items.  A shelf she wanted was "located" in a bin that didn't exist.  After waiting in a long line, they finally provided her with a slip that would allow for her to pay for it up front and then pick it up at the place near the exit.
Well, we had to wait in a line where there was a real register operator because of her purchase order.  There was only one line.  The person in front of us also had a purchase order, but the machine that processes it was broken.  We waited about 15 minutes just to get up to being checked out.  Then, as you could imagine, my roommate encountered a similar problem -- add another 10 minutes onto my time in line.  
(While all of this was going on, a second line was finally opened.  But, they took everyone from the BACK of our line and they could only pay with credit cards -- no cash.  Good job Ikea.)
Now it came my turn.  I had a very large shelf for myself in my cart and when I went to present it to the cashier, it was discovered that there was no bar code.  I worked in retail for over five years, and whenever that happened at one of my jobs, it was my responsibility to get on the phone and have another employee come and get a new one for the customer or just look it up.  Instead, the cashier informed me that I should go get another one myself!
It gets worse....
Then, she reminded me that I had to GET BACK IN LINE.  That's right, the same line that I just wasted over 25 minutes of my life in.  I asked to speak to a manager at this point.  Instead of calling one over, she pointed to a desk where I could find one myself.
Guess what?
That desk had another huge line at it.
So, I nixed the manager and decided to just get the heck out of this hell hole.
I retrieved a shelf with a bar code and dutifully waited in line again.  FINALLY, I was able to check out and I joined my roommate in the waiting area.
She was STILL waiting for her number to be called even though there was only ONE other customer that was being waited on.
At this point, I went up to a desk and got very firm with them, insisting upon speaking to a manager.  Can you imagine, they actually LAUGHED AT ME when I explained the problem?!?!?!  
I finally managed to get a manager and he very slowly corrected the problem and got my roommate her shelf.
I understand that Ikea is low priced and low priced for a reason.  But, come on people.  This is a little too much.  I'd rather pay 10 more dollars at target in order to avoid another headache like this.
It took us over 45 minutes to exit Ikea after we began our stay in line.  That is NEVER acceptable for a retail outlet.
Stop drinking the kool-aid people!Sometimes you have to give a one-star review just to get someone's attention to get a bad company policy reviewed and changed.
I purchased close to 2k of products over the past month to furnish my new place.  On my last trip, I purchased a fintorp paper towel holder. It did not come with all the pieces! Literally just the base was inside. 
I called customer service because it's ridiculous to go back to the store for one $10 piece that THEY messed up.  After a ridiculous wait, I asked them to send me a replacement.
Ikea doesn't DO that they said.  The online dept. only deals with ONLINE purchases.  I know they send things through the mail all the time. What kind of awful company policy is this?  I would have to be on wait for another hour just to speak with her supervisor.
Here's the kicker. She put me on a long hold to call the store to check if they could send it to me.  Then she told me that they could send it to me if I paid shipping- fine how much does it cost? "well sir, we don't take payment information on the phone- you'd have to go into the store so that they can mail it to you."  WOW.  What a horrible customer service experience.Ikea will teach you life lessons.  You'll learn that
-Nice things don't have to be expensive
-You get what you pay for... so when it breaks in a year you know why
-Wooden planks are annoying and necessary
-Most people were never meant for carpentry
-Those guys on craigslist who will build it for you = geniuses
-Like Jenga, one missing piece can bring down the whole stackOhhh IKEA..... I believe IKEA provides the best affordable furniture option for college/graduate students. 
The good: Basically an eye candy store because most things look beautiful in the rooms IKEA designed. I appreciated the very clear labeling of sections and how they made a scene for the kitchen, living room, bedroom, etc. It made it easier for me to see how I would incorporate the furniture or items into my own apartment. Also, the quality of items does vary but most of the times if you pay big bucks for something it will have great quality. The joy of shopping comes from finding the inexpensive items that still have awesome quality. For example, I recommend the bath mats/rugs (BADAREN); they hold up very well and feel great on your feet out of the shower! 
The bad: They force you to walk through the entire store almost (there are ways to take a shortcut) before you can pay for your items. You almost always have to assembly your furniture yourself. Obviously, you could pay for someone to do it, but if you aren't great at assembly you can end up with a product that doesn't seem to be as good as the furniture on the floor. Lastly, they don't have any free bags for small items your have to purchase them...I seem to have strokes of luck where others... wellllll, not so much. ; ) I fell in love with IKEA long ago & I haven't really turned back since then! I am a fan of clean lines, solids, & items with bold contrast so IKEA is a visual playground for me! Even after my boyfriend & I moved in together & started shopping around for a new couch & a new bed (as the previous one I bought broke. I'll admit it I got that one... at Wal*Mart. The night it broke was a truly comical night!... We laughed soooooo hard when we heard it begin to crack! I was never so happy to break a major piece of furniture! Maybe I'll elaborate over a sniffer with some warmed Grand Marnier one day.) ; )~ 
Hey, I was living alone then & I didn't need a super strong bed, don't judge me, judge the businesses! ; ) At "grown up stores" like Raymour & Flanigan, Sears, Jennifer Convertibles, etc. we were just turned off & kept finding ourselves looking at IKEA! If I saw one more small paisley print at the "grown up places" I think I was going to vomity vom, but hey neither Ray nor Flan would notice because the "debris" would match the God awful colors that the pattern consisted of so we'd make out alright. 
"Did you want your sofa in Doo-Doo Brown, Lack of Trying Anything Remotely Risky in Life Smiling to Keep From Crying Beige, or Moldy Leftovers Green?" - Raymour & Flanigan guy, Mr. Plain Safe McLackofSwag. 
If you're expecting a smooth segway to chatting about their hot dogs, you won't find one here... it's 2:20 am & I just finished an eight hour shift at 11 pm... Next time. Moving right along... ; ) 
Now I was never really a fan of hot dogs growing up (& now I'll hesitate after reading Mr. Chris V's story under the thread about traumatic food stories from your youth), but I don't know what kind of cocaine-esque addictive coating they put on those freaking things... it's insane! (No I've never touched cocaine or any other drug despite the random nature of my reviews.) I feel like singing Pusherman!... Cue my music!... 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fxq2pCaW7Sk 
Ah, life is good. Inexpensive furniture, dope designs, practical & useful kitchen utensils like the stainless steel strainer shaped like a crescent moon that you place on the side of you pot to strain your noodles... I loooove it! Pasta dishes are a breeze now, more than ever! 
I used to work at Bombay Furniture Company for-eeeeever ago in Jersey & I do miss it as I got some great pieces there. I miss it now more as I didn't have my own place at the time so there was no space to invest in larger pieces. In the end our gorgeous & funky bi-level apartment two minutes from Kelly Drive & The Phila. Museum of Art is primarily furnished by the following places: 
*IKEA 
*Pier 1 Imports (Candles, room sprays, faux floral arrangements) 
*Home Goods (Framed prints, kitchen items, decorative storage chests, hat boxes, decorative pillows, & eclectic art pieces) 
*Target (Pronounced 'Tar-zhay') ; ) (Funky TV stand, pillows, micro fiber blankets, serving tray, side table w/ matching mahogany folding chairs) 
*Bombay Furniture Co. (Awesome jewelry box & dark purple vase) 
*IKEA 
*& pieces my Mom gave us! ; ) 
BREAKDOWN: 
Sheers in windows - IKEA 
Chaise lounge used as couch in living room - IKEA 
Ivy Plant - IKEA 
Wrought Iron Plant Hanging thingies - IKEA ; ) 
Cherry Red Runner (Carpet) in kitchen - IKEA 
Brand new Queen Malm Bed that I bought, $212.00 at IKEA & I looooooooooooove it! It only took us 25 minutes to build it, no B.S.! (Sorry, I'll admit I laughed when people said their stuff was hard to build, but I guess if you have to install the sliding tracks on the dresser that could make things arduous indeed.) 
You'll continue to see me at IKEA as long as they don't convert to the gaudy, Guido stylings of Raymour & Flanigan. (Sorry, I had to!) ; ) 
Ray & Flan "design" team member, "... No make it more bulky, add ANOTHER layer of fringe, etch the text of the Rosetta Stone on a wood panel at the top of the sofa, make it recline, make a holder for the meds that they'll have to undoubtedly take in order to "be okay" with this design, & then we'll do some gold leafing. Next up we'll make a more fancy version of the same piece." 
IKEA I PRAISE YOU FOR UTILIZING THE K.I.S.S. TECHNIQUE IN YOUR PIECES, THANK YOU!!!!!!!!!!!! (K.I.S.S. = Keep It Simple Stupid) ; )I heart IKEA! I will mecca down here from Allentown about once every 3 months or so - especially if I see an advertised sale. Word to the wise - do not buy the beds - your sheets won't fit. Otherwise they offer style at a steel, and you can get a sweet pad for cheap. If you have a few more bucks to spend, you sure can spend them here as well as they offer a full price range of items. Be sure to check out the basement where they have smaller housewares and some fabulous finds. I wouldn't go on Saturday, but early Sunday this past weekend was fine.Ikea is one of my guilty pleasures. 
Of course I don't like the furniture, and of course I don't like the food, but it reminds me of being young, and without means.  I like taking Lady Mary there for a stroll, so we can reminisce about love's keen sting. Fortunately for Lady Mary, I have excellent taste; but if I could only afford Ikea, she would love me anyway.  I have therefore, made an irreparable connection between Ikea and love's innocence. So...although I have no desire to assemble my furniture with an allen wrench, or fit all my furniture in a closet, I do like Ikea.Total lovehate relationship, Ikea and I have.  I am heistant to buy furniture from this store based on the reviews of fellow yelpers, but I went trying to solve a closet space issue I am dealing with in a new home I'm about to move into.  
I'm still at square one.  Couldn't find anyone to help me.  I roamed the display floor looking for a few items Ikea posted on Pinterest.  
Home decor items are decent, though, including lamps, mirrors and wall-hangings.If you ever wanna do something really nuts get stoned and go to ikea is all I'm sayingHuge! Selection was great, friendly staff.  I'm giving this place five stars because I like mazes!!   Bring your family and go play hide and seek here!! Even if you don't buy anything, it'll be a blast!!  They'll never find you- and it will give you time alone to make a peaceful phone call or catch up on emails !So much going on here. Beautifully designed furniture. Decent instructions. Keep in mind that you CANNOT finance at IKEA in the USA. boo hoo.Not bad...
Who can say anything bad about Ikea? This particular location is humongous and a little tiring to navigate through, but awesome because there's so much stock. I always recommend perusing online before heading to an Ikea because otherwise, it's overwhelming.
Get the meatballs. They're so terrible but awesome. Lingonberry sauce!!!This Ikea is okay.  They have a pretty good selection and the store is always clean and welcoming, but finding employees to help can be hard sometimes.  They need more cashiers and I hate their carts but I love to shop here and so do my kids.
I love Ikea Family so all the discounts they offer.  I do hate that you have to walk through the whole store to get out so "running in quickly" isn't really an option.Every once in a blue moon we get the hankering to walk around Ikea and look at stuff we don't really need. I have been going to Ikea for a long time now and remembered the buzz when the first US store opened in King of Prussia. I am glad I don't have to hike it up there and the South Philly store is pretty convenient and close.
Ikea is a good time and I actually dig their food, guilty pleasure admitted. We were not too hungry as we just came from Kanella, so we just had some dessert and coffee in the cafeteria. As full as I was, I almost went for the meatballs and Loganberry sauce. I had this raspberry mascarpone cake treat that was pretty darn good. The Swedish apple pie was decent and the coffee was not great but not terrible either. Prices are reasonable in the cafeteria.
Ikea has lost some of its shine as Home Depot and Lowes offer some similar products in the same price range. I do think Ikea does a great job with their displays and room set-ups. I have always liked Ikea's concept and over the years I have become pretty efficient at assembling my families and friends furniture. My woodworking, Lego and origami skills have found a good fit. 
This store does seem to always have long lines at checkouts.  They could use a little help with that aspect. Also returns are usually a nightmare with a long wait. They need to do a better job with both of these aspects at this location.
Just under 4 stars.This place is the same as all Ikea's. The problem is that they do NOT have enough employees working at the checkout counter so I spent more time in line then I did wondering through the store maze. Customer care should be a priority for big business. Clearly Ikea wants to resemble the low level Walmart type service. Lost a lifetime customer!I found it completely frustrating that Ikea demands that you enter their store to speak with someone about scheduling a kitchen measurement and design.
I don't understand why this has to be done in person. I've seen the cabinets, I want the cabinets, why does this have to be a production?
I live far outside Philadelphia. So in order for me to SCHEDULE a measurement and design session, I have to travel 3 hours to the location???I bought a Myrbacka queen mattress on July 4th and it was delivered yesterday in a dirty plastic casing. When I took the plastic off, the mattress was dirty on all sides and the top of the mattress. I have photos.This review is for Ikea's cafe rather than the store. Is it me, or do the offerings just scream "kids' food"? 
In fact, with the trays and the mediocre selections, this place reminds me of a high school cafeteria. I'm a vegetarian and the only thing I could see fit to eat was mac and cheese, and my friend got the same, plus chicken fingers, fries and chocolate cake. Exactly what a little kid would like. 
The two ice cream scoops of mac and cheese were mushy and the cheese was weirdly fluffy, which made me suspicious of the ingredients. The ligonberry juice was pretty good, but it wasn't cold enough. But what do you expect? It's an Ikea cafeteria. When we left I was still hungry.
I'm giving it three stars because I love Ikea the store and there's no seperate listing for the cafeteria, but I wouldn't bother eating here again.I have shopped at many Ikea's. The South Philly Ikea is the worst ikea i have ever been too. I have a Trysil full size bed, I am missing two bolts to connect the wooden side parts to the bed-frame. When I asked if they had the extra pieces. they said NO! I would have to order them online to be delivered to my house. Or buy a new bed-frame and take the two bolts out. A girl needs to sleep but I am not spending 119 for a new bedframe just for two bolts. that is ridiculous. Ikea check yourself! all you care about is  making money.I would call ahead prior to any "clock and collect" order. My order was supposed to be ready at 5:00pm, I showed up at 6:30pm and they couldn't find my order, etc, etc, and didn't receive my order until around 7pm. If you're going to charge me a $5.00 "picking fee" please make sure it's on time. I'm thoroughly displeased.Staff is super helpful, thanks to the guys in the customer service in helping me assemble that pesky drawer! About the rest is Ikea what else do you expect in regards to the quality and how pack could be! Well at least this place does not get as pack as the one in Elizabeth, NJ.The customer service is horrendous. It's beyond a joke. The delivery services are careless and indifferent of your trust. We had bought a perfectly acceptable As-is shoe cab and wanted it delivered to us since we don't live in Philly. Unfortunately when it arrived, it was in shambles. The delivery men laid it on the side so I couldn't see how damaged it was. After putting it upright, all the compartments were about to fall off. Screws were missing and the wood was stripped so all the compartments were supported by the bottom ones. I called the customer service to see how we can fix this and they were indifferent of the problem. I understand that it was an As-Is item so no returns but it worked perfectly and barely scratched when we bought it. It is as if we let you baby-sit our child and you return him/her back to us with missing teeth! Who is to blame? This is the last time I will purchase anything from them. The policies are ridiculous and outdated.They sell the ultimate, best, most useful toilet accessory in the world - look for the PP Shots, it's a photo holder that mounts inside your toilet allowing you to urinate on the picture of your choice. Maybe you can put a world leader on it! Maybe you can print out a Google Images search result for a car you don't like. Or maybe you can flatten some flowers and grass, allowing you to have a more natural experience in your porcelain sanctuary. The world is yours to piss on.Like most people in their 20's or 30's I became intimately familiar with Ikea when I moved into a house and realized that everything I owned didn't even reasonably furnish one room.  
I had been to an Ikea before but mostly to pick up a few odds and ends and grab something from the snack bar.  The set up is similar to every other Ikea in the world...look at the merchandise assembled and decorated upstairs, then hurt your pack loading it on your cart downstairs.  Eventually you will make your way to your car and where you will finally appreciate those hours you spent during your youth playing tetris.  I would suggest blaring the Tetris theme song from your car stereo to motivate yourself and others around you. 
As for the store itself, the South Philly location is a disaster on the weekends, super crowded and as a result impossible to find anyone to ask for help.  If you show up on the weekend expect to be handling everything yourself.  Weekdays are much calmer and while its still not easy to track down someone to talk to in the showrooms its not as bad as the weekend.  
As a result of being at Ikea 20 times to pick up everything for my house, I also had to make several returns.  Mostly because I realized something didnt fit where I expected, I purchased the wrong thing, etc.  While the line for returns can be really long on the weekend, the customer service workers have always been helpful and speedy.  
I haven't once had the experience of missing parts or pieces that people talk about with Ikea merchandise.  I also have not had any problem with the overall quality.  I think most people who proclaim Ikea as 'junk' are either unfamiliar with Ikea furniture or are just bitter about having to assemble the stuff themselves.  The fact of the matter is this stuff will last a long time if you don't mistreat it.White people LOVE IKEA.  I guess since I'm not really white, I'm only kinda like it.  
I can tell you one thing.  Walking around the showrooms makes me WANT TO STAB EVERYONE REPEATEDLY.  
I'm just trying to get the hell out and the signs sending me all over the place and looping me over myself are just not helping me do it.
I wound up not getting everything i set out to get because I felt as if I couldn't move freely.
I do have hang ups though.I love IKEA.  I'm starting with that because I love the layout of the store, how the displays are on the top and then you go to the warehouse to pick up your items.  There is something about seeing full rooms that makes picking things out a lot easier.  Plus, I love the price and it just feels refreshing in there.
On a slightly less positive note, this store has given me a few headaches as of late.  There have been instances where two items I go to the store for are not in stock and neither of them have any signage about when to expect them to be back.  
Secondly, the store must be understaffed on Friday evenings, because I had to wait for about 10 minutes before finding a yellow-shirted man to help me load a huge box on my cart, then when trying to get this same huge box into my car, there was no one to be found.  Wouldn't it be a good idea to have staff to help customers get these items loaded?  Perhaps I should have gone back into the store to find someone, but I would think they would just have people posted out there (hint hint).  
When you go, bring a buddy- I'm probably the only birdbrain that missed that memo- and have a list of the things you are going for, or else you will end up with a huge bill at the end.  It's cheap, but even cheap adds up!We were going to Ikea couple times a year. Sometimes to look for things, sometimes just to eat. The food is not bad with a good price. They have free wifi tooIkea is a great place. I don't really need to say more other than if you aren't here for the furniture, get the meatballsIt's stylishly mod in a mass-produced, bland sort of way, promising all sorts of pleasing rooms for cheap prices. Of course, you do get what you pay for. I've always gone to IKEA because it is cheap, and the major components of my room have had mixed reviews. The wrought-iron bed is fine; it even moved from one apartment to the other easily. No problem with my desk, either, the cheapest of the cheapy tables (seriously, it's a table with mixed and matched attachable legs). But I was suckered in by the prettiness of the Hemnes dresser and have regretted it ever since. 
Since the day we put it together, the bottoms of the drawers have fallen out of their slots, making them difficult to open. We've tried to shore up the sides, shore up the bottoms, all to no avail. No sooner had my dad attached brackets to the corners in an attempt to hold them together but the bottom had fallen out again. And even though we tried to move it carefully, the frame has practically come entirely loose and fallen apart after putting it into my new room. Very frustrating, and a good reminder that at IKEA, although they have some really great pieces (the Expedit bookshelf comes to mind) even the more expensive things aren't always the most well-made.
I do, however, really enjoy walking around in there, especially because they have nice, cheap options for home organization (something that makes me really happy--the Kassett magazine organizers are cheap but look very nice on shelves) and substitute kitchenware (I'm not kidding myself that their $20 6-piece porcelain set isn't going to end up chipped to hell, but it's a great placeholder until I can afford nicer ones). It's always colorful and set up nicely. The lines are usually incredibly long, but my boyfriend and I went on a Saturday recently and were out in under 10 minutes, despite the huge lines curving back towards the door.
IKEA is a mixed bag, and while I'm looking forward to the day that I'm not on a student budget and can enjoy real furniture, until then, I'll just have to put up with them.Ikea is what it is, a factory warehouse full of a bunch of cheap and inexpensive products.  I get overwhelmed every time I walk in there, so I'm not sure why I do.  I want to find good things when I stop in, but I always end up leaving especially when I see their lines to the back of the store.  Sure, if you want to buy some inexpensive furniture made out of particleboard and other fake wood materials, this is the place to go.  Just don't expect it to last a long time.I like the selections at IKEA and I really like the coupons that are provided for being an IKEA family member. Their food in the cafeteria is really good too lol. I hope they're store expands to the Delaware area sooner or later.Nice job, Ikea.  I dread visiting you because you're usually filthy, your customers are rude and never get the funk out of the way, and your service is even worse.  But I have learned my lesson: just go on a weeknight.  
The store didn't look like a bomb had gone off, your bathrooms were clean, your fat free frozen yogurt was only $1 and was TASTY, you actually had the chair in stock that your website said you had in stock AND an employee was kind enough to assist us.  Also, the person who checked us out was very pleasant AND awarded us a 15% gift card based on our purchases speedily (that bad boy was $45!  I thought it would be one of those - "go to our website, do this survey, enter to win" bullshit that so many companies are doing these days, but nope - we checked out, a dude was there and took less than two minutes to process and hand us our gift card!).
THANKS IKEA!  VERY NICE!I love IKEA; putting my own cheap furniture is like grown-up LEGOs. (Or K'Nex, which I wasn't cool enough to own.) You never buy anything from IKEA expecting it to last forever, or to even re-sell it for a halfway decent price, but you keep going back, even if it's just for some ideas. 
Boyfriend and I needed a splatter guard and found one for $15 at another store. "Screw that," I said, "we're going to IKEA." $4.99. Done! (Of course we didn't JUST get a splatter guard; we always end up with way more crap than we intended to buy.)
I happen to like the maze-y layout of the store; maps are provided throughout the store for those trying to get their shopping done quickly. 
The line is the one drawback; it seems like there is always a ridiculous line, whether you're getting checked out by an employee or going through self-checkout.I have bought most of my furniture here because it is cheap!
Got a bed, mattress, desk, and coat hangers. I always come here for the breakfast because that is awesome. Also if you are buying furniture they give you money for food based off of how much you spend but you need to spend more than $100.
That is really easy to do if you are trying to buy furniture.If you're looking for cheap/quick furniture, this is the place to go.  "On a rare occasion," they sell stuff that does last (ie, the computer desk I'm typing on this very second).  However, you're not going to buy furniture that you'll hand down to your kids and grandkids.  We just pieced together an entertainment center from IKEA a few months ago and it's already falling apart but... you get what you pay for.  If you have a few extra bucks and want something that'll last a hell of a lot longer, check out Crate and Barrell over at the Cherry Hill mall - really nice stuff.
In regards to the shopping experience, it's fun.  You walk through a ton of displays and see new products and by the time you get to the shopping area, you NEED everything.  What can I say, they know how to market.  I mean, of course I needed that cup-cake baking tray, it was only $2!  and I still haven't used it!
However, try speaking to one of the morons down there (sorry if I'm offending anyone that isn't a moron).  I swear to god, everyone there tries to be an asshole and granted, customer service is a hard job, but don't do it if you're gonna be pissy the whole time.  Try returning something - that's where the headache came in.  We lost the receipt to a few extra odd-end things we bought (curtain rods, rod ends, etc.).  So, when I went to the Returns & Exchanges section, I thanked the lord I didn't have a gun.  I told the guy we had no receipt but as you could see, everything is still in the box but we'd be happy with a store credit.  He said, "I'm sorry sir, you need a receipt or a copy of your bank statement."  Well, I paid in cash so that wasn't going to work.  I told him that I couldn't get either so his well thought-out and educated response was, "I'm sorry sir, you need a receipt or a copy of your bank statement."  I swear to god, my biggest pet peeve is the dumb-idiotic robot syndrome.  Conclusion:  went home and doctored up a fake bank statement with Microsoft Paint and Word, went back and showed it to him and he said, "Thank you sir, that's exactly what we needed."
Again, you get what you pay for.IKEA!
Explained to you in a witty, clever matter by Burt and Ernie, the gay couple, on Sesame Street...
Ernie: I is for... I wish these things were easy to assemble.
Burt: Geesus! Tell me about it? I don't even know if I built a bed or a toaster oven for Christ's sake!
*Ernie and Burt laugh like girlscouts and finally settle down as they smile at one another*
Burt: K is for... Krafted by Swed designers who find the most useless objects, to create crap, that looks pretty to look at, but will break the moment you breathe on it.
Ernie: I'll breathe on you.
Burt: Ernie! Settle down... there are children watching here.
Ernie: So what?
Burt: Read the next card you silly man you!
*Burt tickles Ernie for a few long awkward-for-the-audience minutes and finally...*
Ernie: E is for... EGAWD! Does that thing look phallic to you? Because it surely shouldn't be a dining room centerpiece...
Ernie: Unless it's Hell's Kitchen, NYC!
*both chuckle and snort as Ernie licks Burts ear*
Burt: Ernie! Not while the camera is rolling... geesus!
Both: A is for... A twenty-five dollar gift card to Ikea for all my enemies this holiday season. Hahaha.
Ernie: Are we done yet? Cause I wanna go in the bathtub now.
Burt: Right after I feed the pigeons darling. 
Ernie: I'll find my rubber ducky!
*Scene cut from this point on due to PBS funding and from viewer's like you... thank you!*
Note: Thank you Bill for pointing out that I had forgotten 'A' for the end of IKEA not IKEI. Wow. How dopey of me right?We first word that comes to mind when I think about Ikea is clusterf$#k. Every time I'm here I feel like a lost child whose mother needs to be paged on the intercom, as I inevitably venture off the prescribed path and get terribly lost. 
Another gripe-they seriously need to get more cashiers. I spent 45 agonizing minutes in line whilst buying my sister furniture for her new apartment.  Then, when it was finally our turn, we find out that the piece we plucked from the self-serve warehouse was a three piece set, of which we only retrieved one piece.  Back in line we go.
I guess Ikea is cool if you like Swedish meatballs (I don't) or are good with a screwdriver (I'm not). I'd recommend them for odds and ends like cheap colanders or wall art, but as far as furniture goes, it's not my first choice,I'm not a fan of the "walk through our entire store" because I generally know exactly what I want. Also, staff literally didn't interact with me until I rushed after a guy to ask if they had my dresser in stock. The stuff is cheaper than most stores and I assume all in Swedish, except for the directions, which are just photos. Most people spend hours In the store. I don't think this store is extraordinary for any ikea or rather bad. It's just Eh.Poor customer service... cashier charged me twice for an item... I unfortunately realized after I had already paid. She told me to go to customer service. I waited in line for 30 minutes, only for customer service to tell me to go back to the register for a refund. When I went back to the register, a different cashier was there. He was apologetic, and mentioned they could have done the refund at customer service. Get it together Philly IKEA!this is the worse ikea ever! i was excited when they opened so close to the city, but it got pretty ghetto really fast. i try to avoid! i love ikea, just not this one...Ikea is the go to place for inexpensive, modern and simple furniture. They've got everything you could possibly need to fill you house. Everything from sinks to silverware, couches to candles, bed frames to picture frame, and then some. 
Ikea even has a scratch and dent section, which could yield the perfect piece of furniture for a serious DIY project. 
The majority of Ikea's furniture is displayed on the upper level, then broken down into various boxes on the first level in a warehouse like setting. Keep in mind, you're going to have to assemble the furniture yourself.
The Ikea cafeteria is a hit or miss. Either the food is delicious & leaves you lusting for more, or is just below mediocre & leaving you wishing you just kept walking. That being said, the ice cream is always on point- smooth and creamy for just $1.It would've been nice for someone to have given me the head's up on here.
So, here's the head's up: Most of the first floor shopping area is currently under construction or something. The stuff I came here looking for was not to be found. They have a limited amount of merchandise usually to be found there out for sale.
Not sure how long this construction'll take. Better call first to inquire.
It would've saved me the trip had I known.Ikea is awesome. They sell 50 cent hotdogs and $1 frozen yogurt - how awesome is that? This is just some of the rad snacks they offer in the mini cafeteria in the lobby. Upstairs, ikea offers real dining food and the most expensive dish is probably around $8, that's how cool ikea is. I also enjoy the house showrooms that they showcase; it's very hands-on and great before you actually purchase their products!To make this quick. Ordered a patio set 17 july delivery was no call no show on 24th, over 2hrs on hold to get a rep, said they would reimburse delivery fee and reschedule 27. New delivery day part of the order was missing, another 1hr and 45min hold wait and a rep to tell me they would contact me about delivering the rest of the order. Now its aug 1st, no refund has been recieced, no clear expectation on delivery, and 1hr 26min on hold with no answer. DO NOT BUY FROM IKEA...you've been warned