I ordered take-out so I don't know what the dining service is like, but the food was incredible. I had the Chicken Tikka Masala and it did not disappoint. Definitely going back time and time again.Buyer beware! This is my first time giving a 1-star rating and I debated on whether it would be helpful. In the end, I feel I must warn other diners.
To start, the food is excellent. But the service and experience was awful. When my boyfriend and I walked in on a Wednesday night, the restaurant was empty except for one large party (probably about 8 to 10 people). Our waitress was pleasant enough, though not particularly attentive or helpful. When I asked for some guidance on what to order, she basically said everything was good and took a while to try to point out 3 to 4 specialties or popular menu items. It's just really irritating when waiters/waitresses tell me everything on the menu is good. I would hope so, or why else would the restaurant be serving it?
The worst offense was that our food took 50 minutes to arrive. Yes, 50 minutes, despite being an almost empty restaurant! After inquiring with our waitress several times on the status of our order, she came by our with another staffer and they apologetically explained their kitchen was backed up because they had a ton of GrubHub orders to fill. I realize they were attempting to explain the situation, but the fact that they did not realize how insulting it is for a dine-in patron to be told that takeout/delivery orders take priority is beyond me. I relayed that sentiment, which was met with more apologies.
In the end, all we got were more apologies (which I should add were only offered because I showed my displeasure for the wait time!) and nothing else to improve my experience. I will not be back. What a shame, since I thought it was a great neighborhood addition and their food really is delicious.This place is the best!!! We eat Indian all the time and of all our Philly favorites Imili takes number 1. I don't understand all the complaints. If you ordering delivery then shame on you. This restaurant is quite and very enjoyable for a nice meal. Delivery will always be cold, late and never as good. I am gluten free and they always go out of the way to make me an extra safe meal. Meal size is large and we always walk out stuffed!!! Everything on the menu is great so try something new and different, they won't disappoint.
Looking for a great byo in queens village, wonderful staff, outstanding food then this is your place. Enjoy!!!!Good Authentic India Food! Stopped here for a quick bite; will come back to try more things.Fantastic food and service. A true Byob gem in queen's village. Everything we have tried has been excellent. Chicken Tikka and Lamb vindaloo are fantastic. Can't recommend this place enough!Delicious. Fantastic service. We had a lovely waiter, Coby and even the owner was around chatting. This is a new restaurant so it's clear that they want to be memorable and gain repeat customers.  They are also BYOB which is great. We ordered chicken tikka masala and another dish the waiter recommended called Daiyah (sp?). Both were wonderful, but seriously--the chicken tikka was the best we've ever had. The only thing I could possibly say negative about this restaurant was that I wish the naan portion had been bigger. Still, our garlic naan was wonderful and fragrant. Service, ambiance, decor and food all get an A+. We certainly will be back and very soon.Nice local spot. Great service.  They even ran to state store to grab vine. Highly recommendFantastic dining room seating situation with open floor-to-ceiling windows when the weather is nice. Great service. Amazing flavors. The wait staff and chef are always very invested in our enjoyment of the meal. Vegetable pakoras, lamb vindaloo, aloo gobi, naan are all delicious. Highly recommend this BYO.I used to live around the corner from Imli in Queen Village and loved stopping in for dinner. It is BYO which is always a plus, but the food is good, the portion sizes are nice and it is reasonably priced. I've had a variety of things on their menu and have never been disappointed. We usually start with the vegetable samosas which are a good size and tasty. The chicken tikka masala, chicken and lamb kormas, and the specials have always been delicious, as well as, the garlic naan. The service is always friendly, which makes it even better to support this local business.  I am happy that Imli now delivers since I have since moved to across the city and our delivery orders have been just as great as our dine-in meals. Highly recommend!Recently went there for dinner. We brought our own wine. The service was great, decor was nice. We were seated by the window, although it was too hot that day for it to be opened.  Everything we had was delicious: samosa, aloo dosa, chicken korma, chicken tika masala and the garlic naan. Will definitely be back again soon.What a wonderful dining experience, service was superb. Food was delicious, and ambience was relaxing. And the $$ was fair. Great Indian cuisine place.Ordered Chicken Biryani for takeout. It was ready really quick. The Biryani was really good but it was a pretty small portion for $16 and only 4 pieces of chicken were included. I would have expected a larger portion for the price like I have at similar Indian restaurants. 
I received a complimentary dessert with my meal which is always nice. I think next time I will stay away from the overpriced Biryani and try another dish but I would recommend giving this place a try.This was some of the best Indian food I have had in the city.  We go here almost once a week and get the cicken tikka masala garlic naan. 
The two girls who always seem to be working are very pleasant and nice. They recognize us and are always excited to see us come in.  A reaaly nice place with great food!Imli (Tamarind) Indian Kitchen sits on Passyunk Avenue just a few blocks north of Washington.  It is in one of the few strips along this diagonal thoroughfare that is not very commercially developed.  The upside is there is usually street parking to be found nearby.  The down, is that Imli does not benefit from being around other choices for potential customers.  It stands on its own, an excellent South Indian house that is very worth finding. If you live in the neighborhood you have the best of both worlds; the relative quietude of living in a gentrifying residential area, and a great place to walk to for a superior South Asian repast.  Lucky you!
Early Sunday evening there was only one couple dining when we entered.  First impressions were very favorable, with odd angles due to its placement on a narrow point of the star caused by transecting streets; dark wooden and slate hues on walls and floors offering a cool vibe to chill the heat coming from the curry kitchen, and large storefront windows on the urban world, made shade from mature street trees. Two young women approached with smiles and menus in hand, and invited us to sit anywhere. We selected the front corner table with a view of the streetscape without, and the whole room within.  These ladies were definitely sisters, and they admitted to kinship with the owners.  
As firsttimers, we ordered a cross section of the offerings: Chicken 65 for an app; Began Bhurta (veggie curry dish), and Chicken Korma (mildly sweet and loudly hot at the same time). The house put down a plate with Papadum and two dipping sauces, which was a nice gesture. Garlic Naan, Mango Lassi and Chai completed the symphony. The "65" dish came out deep red and slightly crispy.  It was a delicious opening gambit. It was expertly grilled so the tops and edges were near-black, making it visually stunning.  The eggplant (Began Bhurta) came in a deep silver dish and thick curry sauce.  It mixed well with the Basmati Rice and was great for sopping with the Naan.  The Korma arrived in a yogurt/creamy/nutty champagne-colored curry with a nice amount of fresh cut chicken.  Everything was ordered, "hot," and was true to its word.  The lassi and chai helped to reduce the heat as needed, and allowed us to continue through to the end of the meal with calling the fire department.  The Garlic Naan was served flat on a wooden board rather than in a basket (nice touch), and the bowls of rice were more the enough to cover our main dishes.  
I have not been to every other Indian kitchen in Philly, but of the many I have tried in the region, Imli is right up there with the best of them.  It offers a pleasing combination of cool atmosphere, warm, efficient service, and excellent cuisine. It may not be strictly South Indian (who cares), but it certainly knows how to create an unforgettable meal.  
Try to get there soon.The food is amazing, obviously the chef takes pride with every dish. All is made to order so bring extra wine for time between courses. My only suggestion is to work on the atmosphere, turn down the track lighting and add some candles. 
And the more the merrier, bring friends so you can try all sorts of dishes.We walked in and were seated. It was a Saturday night and there seemed to be enough staff in the front for the amount of people dining but I can't speak for the kitchen. We were ignored for about 45 minutes and then we ordered. Keep in mind we were seated at 8:15PM. We did not receive our food until 10:30PM! 
In the beginning of our meal the service was not that great. After we were done eating the server was so nice and the chef came out to ask how the food was. I have to say the food is nothing to write home about but it was edible. No one apologized for the over 2 hour wait to receive dinner. I will  not recommend this place or go back.
My husband was sick the next day, too. It's just not worth it.We had our first visit last night (we're former Ulivo devotees) and we were blown away!  Everything was delicious - the special beef kabob appetizer and the samosa chaat was amazing.  I had the chicken tikka masala.  Yes, I know, a "safe" choice but it's something that I love and it was the best version of it I have ever had.  My husband had the lamb shank and it was in an amazing sauce with deep flavors to match its deep color.  We really liked the naan as well.  
We were very happy with the service especially b/c we like a leisurely-paced meal so we prefer to order appetizers and finish them before we order our entrees.  Many places won't allow that but the staff at Imli was very accommodating.
The prices are great, we will be back!Edit: to one star because the food is NOT the same as the past times I've ordered. It's actually bad. Korma is watery and tastes like someone dropped some perfume in it. Such a disappointment and waste of $30, for one meal, for one person. 
Man I would love to give this place five stars but for the third time my To go order is taking forever. If you offer online ordering you should check your online orders. 20 minutes after I ordered I show up and it isn't ready for 35 more minutes when I was told 20 minutes more tops. There are two tables inside. I have my dog in the car and ask if she can bring it out when it's ready and get looked at like I've got two heads. Little apology, nothing complimentary to make up for the wait. 90 degrees outside and didn't offer a glass of water while I waited. The food is incredible but I don't have a spare hour in my day to sit outside of their restaurant.This place is the best!!! We eat Indian all the time and of all our Philly favorites Imili takes number 1. I don't understand all the complaints. If you ordering delivery then shame on you. This restaurant is quite and very enjoyable for a nice meal. Delivery will always be cold, late and never as good. I am gluten free and they always go out of the way to make me an extra safe meal. Meal size is large and we always walk out stuffed!!! Everything on the menu is great so try something new and different, they won't disappoint.
Looking for a great byo in queens village, wonderful staff, outstanding food then this is your place. Enjoy!!!!Delicious affordable food. . Love the byob. Plenty of space. Warm and friendly staff who are knowledgable about the cuisine. Will definitely return. I recommend the lentils.Went here for my sister's birthday. Would give five stars because the food and the atmosphere were perfect. The palak paneer was excellent. As others have said, the garlic naan is exceptional as well as the chicken tikka. The servers were kind and attentive and we had a lovely evening. Worth going back. And they gave us 4 free desserts for my sisters birthday!DELICIOUS! A neighborhood gem! It's a little pricy but so worth it. Lentils are full of flavor. The lamb vindaloo is super tender. Perfect samosas. Just so well done. Plus BYOB!The only reason that meal was unforgettable is that I've never in all my years had chicken [65] quite as tough, and experiences that unpleasant are frequently imprinted forevermore on the psyche. 
The samosa chaat was far from chaat. It consisted of chana in a watery soup with four quarters of a samosa. Likewise, the Lamb Aachari's sauce was more watery than the unfortunate excuse of their chai tea. 
Lastly, though I'm not Indian myself, my friend was "genuinely offended that they claim to be South Indian" when the menu doesn't even have the South Indian basics of idli or dosa. They have no claim to South Indian culinary influence.Was very excited for this place to open in the neighborhood so went opening night. Service was fantastic and the food was amazing. Great flavor and spice but not too much. The dishes were creative, tasty and a hit with everyone at our table. I also cannot say enough nice things about the staff. They were friendly, attentive and very helpful. Definitely recommend others to check it out and we will be back for sure!Oh my god. I love indian food but this restaurant was the worst with taste.  Chicken Korma tasted like rose flavored chicken... Gross
The battered fried fish was artificially colored with this neon ridiculous red color... Taste was average...Totally lost my appetite... Wish i could get my money back!We recently dined here and thought the food was excellent. We were initially a little put off by the prices ($16 per entree) and smaller portions, but once we tasted the food we understood. We ordered the chicken tikka masala, chicken tikka and paratha. The chicken tikka masala sauce was fantastic- thick, creamy and a little sweet. The sauce was so good we spooned it over the plain chicken tikka (which was also tasty on its own). Service was very attentive. We're excited to go back and explore the rest of the menu.Amazing place! First time coming here and the flavor is delicious and unlike most other indian restaurants. I've had plenty of indian food in my life and the spices here stand out.love Imli! Can't understand why this place is normally empty. Food is great, prices are fair, BYOB.We absolutely love Imli! The food is always made fresh with excellent ingredients, and each dish is unique and incredibly flavorful. We love the option of mild, medium and hot for the lamb dishes, and when you ask for hot, it is HOT! The young ladies who have been serving every time we've been are so nice and pleasant and helpful... Go!Imli is an outstanding addition to the Philly food scene.  A bright and cheerful BYOB restaurant, Imli offers light, aromatic, and delicious Indian food including items such as the scrumptious Aloo Dosa crepe which is hard to find in Indian restaurants in the city. The Lasun ki Gobi (cauliflower with garlic, mustard seeds, and curry) is another outstanding appetizer. The Barrah (baby lamb chop with papaya puree, done on the Tandoor oven) was especially good.  Even the more standard Chicken Tikka (also on the Tandoor) was succulent and deliciously spiced and aromatic.  All presentations are artful. The tasting of 4 Indian gelati was lots of fun. Service was outstanding.  
Go to this place.  If you are used to standard heavily sauced Indian food, this restaurant will change what you think about Indian food. it's really worth a visit.  Try the Dosa!Immensely enjoyed my dinner last night.  The food was really great, I had kebab chicken (sp) which had notes of lime and a buttery aftertaste and it was outstanding.  My date had chicken vindaloo (spicy) which was excellent too.  The spinach was not the typical soupy saag paneer but prepared with a fresh taste.  It was really excellent.  Our service was very kind and attentive too, but not overbearing how some can be and it was a slow night, so they could have been.  I even asked what sort of appetizer and the suggestion of samosa chat was a great one because I never had it before.  What is mostly remarkable is that I tend to not get into food descriptions with my Yelp reviews, but this dinner was certainly notable.  I had been craving Indian food for a couple of weeks and this did not disappoint.  I can't imagine going to another Indian restaurant in Philadelphia, and there are good ones.  (And I have to really question some of these 1-star reviews: Everything is fine and because it took long - 50 minutes - one star?  Come on, was anything else good?  And who wants to rush through dinner?).Great new Indian restaurant in Queen Village. Quiet, low key, BYOB with great service and delicious food.I'm happy to report that this place is amazing. I was disappointed to see the old Italian BYOB leave, but now I am accepting it after tonight.
I would have to whole heartedly agree with the first two reviews, the service was fantastic! My friend and I casually mentioned to our waiter that we can handle spicy food and next thing you know, the chef is out and bringing us some house hot sauce!
The food is great too - the naan was the best I ever had, but everything we had was amazing. 
I am happy to welcome Imli to my neighborhood and will be back...PS, almost everything is gluten free!Recently enjoyed a dinner here. Lovely space and the staff was super friendly. They recommended some items and I thoroughly enjoyed all. The cauliflower appetizer was tasty... The naan was delicious... And The Chicken Korma? Sooooo moist. Seriously... Am so used to getting dried out chicken plunked in sauce when I go to other Indian places in town. Not here. It was incredibly fresh and savory. If you live nearby-- you're so lucky. If not, it's totally worth the drive.The food is amazing, obviously the chef takes pride with every dish. All is made to order so being extra wine for time between courses. My only suggestion is to work on the atmosphere, turn down the track lighting and add some candles. 
And the more the merrier, bring friends so you can try all sorts of dishes.I was very impressed with the presentation and quality of the food!  Great flavors and atmosphere! The staff was on point too!!!This place is very good and great for groups or families with kids.  I am generally not a fan of restaurant Indian food, since my mom is such a good cook, but this food was very good.  It was surprisingly light and not greasy.  The portions look small but are actually quite satisfying.  We got the chicken tikka, lamb vindaloo, garlic naan, channa masala and the chicken biryani.  All the food was good but the chicken tikka was exceptional and I  highly recommend.  
The family that owns this place is great and I really hope that they stick around the neighborhood for a while.I love Indian food and was so excited to order takeout from this place after reading the rave reviews. Positives is that delivery was super quick, my food arrived in just over 30 minutes. The food was disappointing - it was seasoned funny and did not have the traditional spicing of Indian food. It wasn't terrible, it just wasn't what I was expecting/craving. I've eaten Indian food around the world at hundreds of places and this definitely was an outlier. I will not order from here again.Went back here recently after my first try and there have definitely been some staffing or perhaps management changes, because the service was terrible even though my friend and i were the only people there. 
The food was still just as amazing so i will still give it another shot, but if the service is the same i will only be ordering take out from here.This is a great addition to Queen Village.  It's not your typical greasy Indian place-- it's a little fancier (smaller portions and higher prices) but I think it's worth it.  We got an okra dish and a chicken dish-- Koli Varutha Curry.  The chicken dish was excellent, really good flavors.  I thought the okra dish could have had more okra and was a bit mild, but overall, very good experience.  The service was friendly.Like the other reviewers - we were sad to see Ulivo go...and when we heard about an Indian restaurant coming, we were a bit skeptical (being from India).
Visited yesterday with the family.  The wait staff is super friendly and very attentive to kids (ours are a bit older).  The ambience is cozy - very similar to Ulivo.  Terrific vibe.  The place was packed Friday night - so you may want to get reservations.
We ordered a whole bunch of appetizers and some entrees.  Amongst the appetizers, we loved loved loved the Zaffroni and Boti Kebabs and the aam paneer tikka.  The ragada was ok - we like it spicier than what was served.  The Palak and Kale chaat was good too.
The Koli Varutha curry rocked - it's the chef's mom's recipe.  man - i could eat buckets of that stuff.  The chicken tikka masala however was on the sweeter side - even my kids found it a bit sweet.  But am sure it will get better.
Wanted to try a bunch of the lamb and fish dishes (and i think the secret is to get the ones that are based on the chef's mom's recipe) - but were too full
Overall - 5 stars...while a couple of dishes could be better, there were some outstanding ones...the service was awesome...and the chef Paul and manager Mo are two really nice guys..and yes, its a BYO!!  cant beat that
definitely going back many times...plus they have takeout...wait - i wonder if they are open now...need me some of those lovely kababs!This is a cool place if you're looking for a cozy, neighborhood-y BYOB in Queen Village. The service was excellent but the food left something to be desired. Not bad, but I've had better Indian in the city. 
The Medhu Vada (lentil donuts with assorted dipping sauces) appetizer was greasy and the garlic naan a little doughy. My main dish (Koli Varutha Curry) had great flavor but was a little heavy on the salt. They also have the complimentary fennel seed mix at the door :) 
All in all I'm rooting for this place and will probably give it another go and try something different!My favorite Indian restaurant in the city... the food is great and the people are super nice!This is the best/most authentic Indian food I've had in Philly.  Seems to be run and operated by a family which is nice.  Also like the decor.  I've been twice with my gf.I ordered delivery from Imli the other night and it was decent. I am not a connoisseur of Indian food by any means. However, the shrimp in my aachari platter was tough, and the sauce was extremely salty. 
For $19.00 dollars I'd much sooner cook my own shrimp. The roti was shadily the best part of the meal. 
Anyway, I've heard there are plenty of great Indian restaurants in town. I won't be hitting up Imli again anytime soon.Pretty weak chicken tikka / butter chicken and overpriced for the size meal you get. $16 for a single appetizer sized order!Wonderful, perfectly spiced food without being greasy at all. Staff was lovely and very eager to make sure we were satisfied with our meal. Highly recommend!Great new Queen Village restaurant.  Food was flavorful and interesting with lots of choices.  We shared lots of appetizers and enjoyed them all.  Staff were friendly and accommodating.  I highly recommend this new restaurant.Lovely well seasoned food. Recently had a fest here. A good addition to the Philadelphia food sceneThis may be my first 5 star review. This is likely the best Indian food I've ever had. It helps that it's in my neighborhood but this review is all about their food. We've been 4 or 5 times with groups of people, and it's been delicious every time. Their special pakora, their medu donuts, their dosa and their lamb shank are stand outs. The only dish I didn't care for was the eggplant curry.  This place rocks!Had an excellent experience here. The owners are warm, pleasant and want, very badly, for you to leave satisfied with your meal... Well we were! The food was fresh with some new takes on dishes we have had before. I highly recommend the Malai Kofta and the Palak Paneer. I couldn't get enough of those two.
Take out portion needs some work- it's better just to go there in person and order for now.
Really great to have such authentic food in the neighborhood.everything we ordered was delicious, but our top favorite was the fish curry. close second was the bengan bharta (eggplant tomato dish). the pakoras were excellent as well.  the service was very nice and they were very accommodating but also perplexed when I ordered hot water to drink. one thing we noted was that the foyer doors were left open so every time someone opened the front doors the entire restaurant was chilled. 
other than that, the overall experience was delightful.Excellent food. Lovely decor. Pleasing background music. Sweet sincere servers. Reasonable prices.
We were here 2 weeks ago, and the only thing i would change is to add more diners.  Imli is on a residential  street in Queen Village which makes it a hidden gem. It is just 2 short blocks north of all the Asian restaurants on Washington Blvd and a a few minutes walk south os South Street.Good solid food, close to home. The portions are a little smaller than I typically get from other local Indian spots, but I can order this on Yelp and then pick it up... saving a few bucks. 
I think it would probably be very good as a dine-in option... but I have yet to do so.So delicious and fresh.  Palak paneer is my favorite Indian dish and I get it at every Indian restaurant we go to....  Theirs is honestly one of the best! The paneer was seered before being added to the spinach and the Palak was not food-proccessed to a pulp.  It was a great combination of texture and absolutely delicious. 
The service was great too! Our water never went empty.  
My fiance and I will definitely be back!
Oh! And it's a byo!Went to Imli again last night, looking forward to the lamb and the shrimp.  Something felt off.  Food was below average.  Lamb was totally undercooked and weirdly spiced.  Shrimp was tasteless.  The waitstaff also looked dejected, like their hearts were pulled from their chest.  I asked one of the servers that I know there what the deal was.  He said that one of the co-owners got greedy and bought out the other two partners just last week (!!) and the chef (also an old owner) and manager who started Imli quit.  Looks like another decent Indian place bites the dust.  Warning: Don't go to this restaurant because the menu, created by Chef Paul, is now in the hands of someone only interested in serving up below average food at higher than average prices.  Damn, I really liked this place too.Eaten there twice now. Once in the restaurant and the other take out. The service was friendly, informed and fun. The food was excellent. The takeout experience was a little less so but they get the benefit of the doubt as they were just changing menus that week. Great to have an Indian restaurant in teh 'hood now. We will be regulars.Just introduced my NoVa friends to IMLI. They are some serious food critics and absolutely devoured and loved this place. Especially my one friend who lived at the bottom of Girard 10 years ago and was a devout Tiffin/Ekta fan. She said this blows them out of the water. 
I love being able to walk down the street for amazing food instead of the horror stories of waiting 1.5 hours for delivery across town. 
Please everyone keep coming here and keep them busy! :)I ordered a decent variety of food thru Caviar and was very disappointed with the overall quality, taste and preparation of the food. Extremely salty lamb dish and very sweet chicken tikka masala. In addition the restaurant is very overpriced for what you receive.Incredibly friendly and warm service. They went out of their way to make our time there as pleasant as possible. The quality and consistency of the dishes has been spot on and excellent. I would recommend the saag paneer and chicken tikka masala with their garlic naan. But everything on the menu that we have tried has been delicious!Went at Imli on Saturday night for a birthday celebration of a friend. I would say that she did a great job choosing this place.  As soon as you walk in, the delicious smell of freshly cooked food hits your face. It's very spacious, plenty of seats and you do not get to hear anyone's convo that's seating right next to you. As others have mentioned, their service is really great. Our waiter was so kind and accommodating with each and one of the picky requests we might've had. 
Out of the menu we picked one appetizer along with garlic naan, two main dishes and two desserts. As an appetizer, we got the Ragada. It came warm and we devoured on it pretty quickly. They right after that we got the rice and our two main dishes of Saag Paneer and the Lamb Vindaloo. The flavor in the lamb dish was on spot and I would say that it was my favorite beside the dessert. The meat itself was tender and the combination of ginger, garlic and vindaloo sauce speaks for itself. I didn't enjoy that much the Saag paneer because I don't eat much rice to had that combined and eating that alone didn't appeal me. To top it off we decided to try their desserts and we got the selection of ice cream and the dough balls dipped in rose water. Let me tell you that it was a great combination! Yum, literally! We asked for little bowls to share. 
Overall, the restaurant offers a menu that's very affordable, most importantly, it offers dishes full of flavor and goodness.This place was closed sat night. I made a Rez on open table but when we showed up it was dark. So bummed as I have been dying to try this place after all the great reviews !I really enjoyed this place and wished i had come sooner!
At first i was suspicious as all the Indian on South street seems so generic and fast foody, and i'm really a Tiffin, Ekta, or nothing - kind of girl.   I was so disappointed that my husband couldn't bear to "go across town" to fishtown and wanted local Indian.
Upon finding this on yelp i am so glad we came in!  The girls were very nice and explained everything well.
We ordered a ridiculous amount of carry out, but still just as much as i would have paid for Tiffin or Ekta.  These flavors were so delicious albeit i had to ask what most of the menu items were, as i was unfamiliar with names of spices or what the dish was comprised of.  
It did not disappoint!  We had chicken Korma and Vindaloo (I would have wanted to order Lamb, but husband does not eat it)  
We also ordered garlic naan (2 orders as it's one piece per order), a fried fish -salmon appetizer and spiced rice pudding for dessert.  The pudding was not very thick though, pretty runny with crunchy rice, but the flavor of it was awesome. So i don't care, the dessert was just an after thought for myself craving a sweet ending.
I loved all of the dishes we got, and i'm excited to try more of the menu items that i was unfamiliar with.
Please keep this restaurant busy and come in! I now know i don't have to cross town to get Indian right in my own neighborhood!This is my favorite Indian place I have ever tried. I've gone here a few times with friends because I think it's a great place to show off to guests who have never been to the area. The service is friendly, and the food is good quality and filling.
One night I came here by myself to pick up takeout, and they gave me a free rice pudding dessert! it was delicious.
My favorites are the lamb korma and the chicken tikka masala. The meat is tender and flavorful. The rice is moist.
I wish this place seemed busier when I walk by. I think the location is just a little out of the way for some people because it's in between restaurant areas. The last thing I want is for this place to close. I will make an effort to come here more often.