I went to the Imperial Inn with my friend this Saturday. The restaurant is about Guangdong pastry, and some Chinese dishes. It really left a deep impression on me.
Location: The Imperial Inn is on the main street in Chinatown. You can start from the Chinatown's memorial gateway, and go straight along the main street about 300 meters. It is very obvious because of the big tent in front of the Door and the vertical neon brand with big "Imperial Inn".    
Ambiance: When I entered the front door, I got a deep impression of the ambiance. The decoration is Chinese style, and it reminded me of some scene in an 80's Chinese film. The Chinese painting on the wall "sent me back to China", but the bar counter and tuna statue are western style and they reminded me of being in America. It was very noisy in the lobby, but I didn't mind because it is the tradition in Chinese restaurant to chat.
Tableware: The main tableware is chopsticks. If you are an American, you can ask for fork. The placement of tea cups and dishes are authentic Chinese style.
Service: The service in Imperial Inn is special. Although I am Chinese, I am not familiar with this kind of service because it is the Chinese southern style but I'm a northern. Different servers pushed different cars walking around every table. There were different dim sums on each car, and I could choose my favorite when the car came to me. That is really Guangdong pastry style. Most of the servers were friendly and passionate, but some were indifferent. That is why I docked my points.
Food: There were two kinds of food I chose: the dim sums and the main dish. 
Dim sums:
I chose three dim sums. The first one was Shrimp rice noodle roll. I strongly recommend this dim sum. Although it looks white, its taste wasn't light. After choosing it, the waitress poured the soy sauce on it, and the soy made the Shrimp rice noodle roll a little salty. The rice noodle roll was sweet, and the shrimp under it made the dishes more delicious. The second one was Shu Mai . It looks like Bao zi but it is different cooking style. There were vegetables and meats in the flour. The taste was really authentic, but when the server gave our dish, it was a little cold. That made me dissatisfied. The third one is Black Bean Sauce Spareribs . Actually, it was not as good as I imagined. Its taste was fair, and it looked not good. There was too much oil on it which made it greasy.
Main dish: 
I found there were two kinds of menus, English one and Chinese one. I chose the Chinese one, because I am Chinese. Maybe the dishes on English menu are Westernization. If you are local people, I recommend you to choose a dish from Chinese menu at random though you don't know Chinese. There are many differences between traditional Chinese food and western Chinese food, so choosing dishes from Chinese menu may let you taste traditional Chinese food.
I chose the Satay chicken and eggplant (Sha Die Ji Qie Zi in Chinese). It was fried with chicken and eggplant. The taste of this dish was good and authentic but the chicken and eggplant pieces were too big so that the flavor was not consistent. The green onion may make you uncomfortable because it was too much and everywhere. Well, there were free rice with this dish, and rice was really grown in China. All in all, it tasted good, and if you want to taste traditional Chinese food, it is not a bad choice.
Price: The price is really reasonable. Every dim sum is $2.85 commonly, and there are some large serving dim sums' price are a little higher. The main dishes are about $10-18 per dish. It is acceptable for students to enjoy.
I think the ambiance and price were awarded marks. The food was OK but some dishes were cold that really annoyed me. The service was good totally to say. On the whole, the experience to Imperial Inn was good.Definitely worth going to if you're in Philly and craving Chinese food!
Was invited for a family function, and was very impressed by the Chinese food.  Philly Chinese food has come miles from where it was when I used to live there!  
Ambience: nicer than expected from the outside
Food: no complaints about what I remember having (siu mai, ha gow, chicken, abalone with bok choy, lobster, shrimp fried rice)
Looking forward to having more Chinese food in Philly...Just average. 
The decor is similar to Joy Tsin Lau (Chinese-ish) but Imperial Inn is slightly more spacious and cleanly. Carts came by with semi-regular frequency and the items were varied enough to prevent boredom.
My issue is that most of the dim sum I get here in Ctown is just warm and I like my food hot! That's what those steam carts are for dammit! Highlights were the siu mei and steamed cha siu bao. The Inn's bao is probably the best I've had in Ctown so far, good amount of lean cha siu and minimal gloppy red sauce.
To my dismay, the Inn is equal in quality to both JTL and Ocean Harbor. My only incentive to go back is that the Inn is hella cheap (yes, I said hella!) We had 7 dishes for only $18 + tip. So if you plan on shoveling food into your mouth and barely tasting it, you know where to go.The food is average- I ordered roast pork with vegetables/ portion size average. I have only one important comment- the waitresses are abrupt and not overly friendly. They ask you your order businesslike and don't look at you or smile . They want to get you in and out. Quickly. As a result you don't wait long for your food but the minute your fork is down they are clearing it away .One of my favorite places to eat! If I could honestly eat here once a week I would...the food is great, the service is great...my favorite food is soo typical I know...lol the generals Tso chicken...buts it's authentic and consistent! 
All drinks are 5$...martinis,mixed drinks and top shelf at that!This was a true dim sum experience for me. The interior is definitely dated like other reviewers mentioned but the dim sum was great.   As each cart passed,  I was excited to see what would be on it. I probably could have eaten more but I can always go back. The prices are extremely reasonable. The servers were pleasant enough. This place does draw a crowd so I would get there early.Always a great place to stop by on a Saturday for some early afternoon dim sum. Just make sure that you come early, so that you'll be able to catch all of the dim sum carts. Come hungry & make sure to top off your dim sum lunch with the almond tofu with fruit on top!The food was all seasoned very nicely, especially the salt&pepper shrimp and the fried squid where they were super crispy.  Although the food was seasoned well, some other food items was a little bit of a  let down. The har gow was over cooked so it resulted in the dumpling falling apart because of how soft it was. The tripe was really oily in the broth. 
For the service, it was okay. The carts were constantly moving around but it's always the same old carts. If you want variety, it comes out very rarely. By the time the "variety" comes around to us, its all gone.This place is my favorite place for dim sum. I go here for their calamari. Some other dishes you should also try: pork buns, chicken feet, shrimp dumpling and egg tart. The atmosphere is dark and dim. This is a good place to bring a group of friends or come with family. The service here is pretty good as well. My drink was alway refilled with me needing to askI've always eaten here (even learned how to use chopsticks at 3 years old) and found it to be excellent....until I discovered the dim sum menu through a friend last weekend. Then it got even better! Overall and as always, good service and food. 
As a tip,though, if you're going on a weekend try to go either right after they open or late (10 or so). Otherwise, it's gets very crowded and you have a long wait.Cannot believe I have never reviewed this place.  This is my Chinatown go to.  Dad started bringing me here when I was 14. He would get chicken and cashews and I would get sweet and sour chicken.  We would split fried wontons and head back to work.  It's something only he and I had.  And it was great.   Now I take my kids and we get Dim Sum (12-3) and it's something they treasure.  
This is e kind of place where nothing ever changes and I think the servers nevere age either.   I know the guy who I pay behind the bar has been there for 30+ years.  So don't expect anything crazy or edgy.  This is where everyone comes for comfort Chinese.  So embrace it.  Enjoy it.  And create a tradition of your own.How does a restaurant not smell like food??? This place is disgusting. It's dirty, has an outdated decor and the whole place smells like funky dishrags.  The only positive that I have is that the staff is attentive, but how could they not be? Friday night in restaurant with a liquor license and there were only 3 other people in the place. 
Gross.Stopped for dim sum Sunday morning around 1100.  The selection was great and the quality was good.  There is an undefinable thing that happens at dim sum places that leaves me feeling less than welcome somehow.  It wasn't present at all--the people were more than friendly and it was a very nice experience.  Overall, I enjoyed Philadelphia's Chinatown in the rain more than San Francisco's in the sun.   Maybe it is the nice flat terrain.If you're looking for a good place to go in Chinatown that has a wide selection of food that is well-priced, then this is the place for you!  I have been going here for years and the food is fantastic.  The service is also quite good too.  This place is amazing!This is our go to spot for family dim sum on weekends.  Great for brunch that is quick, delicious and a great deal.  Plus the hot chili oil is actually super spicy here and that is ALWAYS a plus!!!If you have a nose, stay away. It smells like a pet store. Imperial Inn? More like Imperial Zoo. Dear Mr. & Mrs. Owner, I want to like your place b/c you have such great reviews but until you remove the carpets, I can't eat here because I cant get past the smell. Disgusting!
Only an idiot would pay for food here when there are hundreds of cleaner and cheaper options throughout Chinatown.Whenever we're back in Philly and want DimSum, this is where we go. Is it really that good? No. Have we tried other places? Plenty of times. Why do we keep coming back? Can't find anything that's noticeably better, so we just end up here since we know what we're likely to get. 
There are some standard dishes we always grab off the cart: the pork spare ribs, beef and shrimp chow fun (not the ones you think of from food carts, but a long strip of rice noodle with some beef and shrimp cooked inside), cha shao bao (flavored pork in sweet white dough bun), and chicken feet (which I'm personally not a big fan of because it takes too much effort to eat).  Other staples will be the dumplings, shao mei, anything fried with Chinese Chives (jiu cai) and congee. 
Parking is a pain in the butt and the lines can be long (be sure to give your name to anyone who looks to be an attendant so they can write it down - make sure to ask they write it down). Prices are reasonable, but not considered "cheap" for Philly. 
Other than that, be sure to make a trip up to NYC for some quality Joe's Shanghai xiao long bao and be blown away by the cheap prices (if super long lines).We've been going to Imperial Inn for about 15 years, primarily for Mother's Day dim sum. Our last time was about 2 years ago. We were horribly disappointed then because there were hardly any dim sum carts circling around the dining floor. We ended up leaving that day, completely unsatisfied, to go elsewhere to eat. 
Last year we skipped Imperial Inn altogether, based on the previous years experience... that and serious health code violations. 
It looks like Imperial Inn had closed down for a short period, and re-opened.  So, we gave them another try today. The food was good, on par with the best I remember them being... the only BIG problem is the lack of circulating dim sum carts. It started out strong with a cart coming within the first few minutes. A second, then 3rd cart came relatively quickly... after that the carts started to come less often, mostly with the same things as the first few carts. Sadly, we left again, not quite satisfied with our dining experience. Maybe next year we'll try somewhere else.I have to say I was not relatively impressed with their food. If I am going to battle expressway traffic and come in to Chinatown and have to look for a parking spot it had better be better than my neighborhood take out. Luckily, since we came on a late-night Sunday, there was little traffic and a parking spot right out front because the food was terrible. Bland, boring and extremely cheaply made. 
My friend had prawns and mayonnaise of some sort... Some kind of special. $17. This is not competitive pricing for their level of food preparation. I'm almost annoyed thinking about it. Where do they get off throwing that together and then charging $17 for it??
The "prawns" were breaded and fried and a bit soggy in the center. 
For $12, I got a few thin pounded pieces of chicken steamed with broccoli, a completely dried out egg roll, soup, and a scoop of very delicious strawberry ice cream. Honestly very uninspired, very sub par even for $12. I've really never had a burnt egg roll before, but we both agreed this one was terrible. Dry and flavorless. 
The service was good. They spoke English well, which was somewhat unexpected. 
Down Side:
No brown rice at all.Imperial Inn has definitely lost its touch. When we came, the place only had a few tables filled around noon on the weekends. That should have been our first sign that Imperial has changed. 
The food was barely passing as warm and it lacked a lot of flavors. There's no variety anymore. Must because there are only like three carts circling the area every ten minutes or so. Seriously. The cart ladies were just sitting in a corner talking to themselves while everyone else in the room was waiting to be served. 
Honestly, this is probably the last time I'm coming back here.Meh. I always appreciate an old school Asian restaurant, because usually the food is pretty good. Here, not so much. I only ordered dumplings with the intention of ordering more if I liked it...
I am all about complementary won-tons with dipping sauce! It a good snack while waiting for your food. The pan fried dumplings came out and smelled delicious! They pour the sauce on the plate with the dumplings, so by the time you eat the next one, its soggier than the previous one... Not incredibly flavorful, I didn't even finish them. 
Keep in mind this is all I ordered food-wise (I had a pina colada too) and I was disappointed. There are many others in Chinatown to choose from, I will try another spot if I am in the area again.Really good dim sum.  We arrived early and had several plates of tripe (really good!), shrimp dumplings, pan-fried radish cakes, and the usual stuff. They serve dim sum on carts and everything comes to you hot and fresh.I don't think I have ever been more sick in my life. I vomited 12 times and had diarrhea all day after. If you want to avoid food poisoning NEVER GO TO Imperial Inn. They gave me a fresh serving of Bacillus cereus that put me out of commision. I will continue to spread the word of this restaurant.Very nice place and excellent food!! highly recommended!! I love the spring rolls and the sweet and sour chicken!!!Imperial Inn reminds me the classic Hong Kong Tea Houses.  The decor is very old.  All that is missing is people bringing in their sparrows and parrots.  (If you don't know what I mean, check out the beginning fight scene in the movie Hard Boiled w/ Chow Yun Fat) 
They have some old fashion dim sum favorites that I can not find anymore.  Namely, Ma Tai Go. (Steamed Water Chestnut Cake).  They made it with just the right sweetness and consistency.  
Their other dim sum dishes are very old school.  Some of the old school observations, shao mai has black shataki mushrooms (also, the pork fat to pork ratio was higher)  Ha Gow's (steam shrimp dumpling)  skin was very white and pretty thin.  Their breading in the bun is very white and sweet.  All these are classic old school style dim sum techniques.  Not really saying it's good or bad, but it's very hard to find.  Also, their Fun Gor (steam pork, peanut, water chestnut dumpling) was just folded over instead of creased.  
Their Pineapple bun has a real piece of pineapple in there!  Very inventive.  
Some of the things I did not like: 
Radish Cake (99% rice flour 1% grated radish.  Also, no dried shrimp)  I should of brought it to school as my eraser.  
Their spare ribs didn't have alot of taste.  Had too much bone as well.  
Chicken Feet was okay, although it was deep fried enough, it didn't have enough plum and hoisin sauce.
Very family oriented place to eat at.  I would definitely visit again!This is still my favorite place to eat in Chinatown! Order the shrimp rolls, they're so crunchy and crispy! Go there early to get the freshest dim sum!Went here for Dinner with the Family. My wife and three kids. Was hoping for the best, but I had read some bad reviews and was skeptical. Good News, our dinner was very good. We had Egg Drop Soup, Chicken & Broccoli, Cashew Chicken, Shrimp Kung Pao, & Orange Beef. Overall a a pretty good experience. I would definitely go there again. Decor is kind of comical, I feel like it looks the same as the last time I went there in 1985. ;-)Amazing place! This is my go to place anytime I'm craving dimsums. I love the food here. Reasonably well priced with great service. I always leave feeling satisfied! While there are many places in Chinatown for dumplings this is by far the one that I prefer.Hungry and desperate for some dumplings, Imperial Inn was my first stop of the day to go eat at for Dim Sum with my 3 other friends. The interior was nice, and the place was clean as soon as we all stepped inside. My personal impression of the place was already made, that we were going to have a fine time in the restaurant. The manager gave us a warm welcome, he was very friendly and sat us down. 
 Carts passed by and all of us were well captured with the freshness of the smell of all the food that passed by:
 Shu Mai (oily steam dumpling filled with pork) was hot and juicy. 4/5
 Chicken Feet tasted plain but had some flavor. 3/5
 Fried Bread wrapped over with rice flour topped over sweet soy was awesome 5/5
 I don't remember the names of the rest, but it was all pretty good. We got about 11 dishes for only 22 bucks! Best price for dim sum.
There were a few setbacks however.Our server was a bit... greedy with the money. She tried to force us to tip her more although service wasn't that tentative with the waters or asking us how we were doing.  And there wasn't that much food to choose from believe it or not, compared to New York's Dim Sums. But overall, I had a good time at Imperial InnThis place is where I go as a tradition after the Philadelphia Flower Show.  Right in the heart of Chinatown, its a great spot to sit and eat good food.  Its a bit of a wait on the weekends, and the lady taking names seemed to skip around her list a lot, so if you want to eat there, stay in the little lobby to keep your presence known.   I was really happy because last time I went they had bean curd general tos (spelling, I know!) because I am now a pescatiarian but I try to eat more veggie than seafood.   The servers get down to business because they realize they always have a crowd, so don't expect this to be a place to hang out after you eat.One of the best restaurants in Philly Chinatown in terms of food quality and taste.  Unfortunately, service is below average.  It takes forever for the food to come. It took more than 30 minutes for the kitchen to prepare one dish that we ordered. The server then served it to another table. Nothing was done when we mentioned this issue to the manager.  They simply do not care about their customers.  The whole experience was very frustrating.I be been there several times. At the beginning I have to say the shrimp dumplings are really good, but after several more times visits, I realized everything here is getting worse. Since it's the one of the oldest restaurants in Chinatown, I don't think they care about the bad review from individuals. Gonna upload pics.I visited Imperial Inn this past Saturday in the early afternoon with my partner.  This was my first time eating dim sum so I didn't want to get carried away by giving them a 5-star rating since I have nothing to compare them to.  I can, however say that my visit was pleasant.
There were many Asian people within the restaurant while we were there, which to me is a sign that the food is authentic and done well.  The carts never seemed to end passing us by and we indulged in plenty of the dim sum choices, including roast duck, these little bbq pork "pies" that were to die for, sticky rice, shrimp and a few more items.  I found everything I ate to be wonderful!  My only regret is that the lady pushing the soup cart would never stop at our table.  Perhaps it was because we had already chosen to eat more "entree" foods and she presumed we were beyond the time for soup but I felt like she was more the Asian soup Nazi..."no soup for you!"   
The restaurant seemed clean, very busy, inexpensive and enjoyable.  I'd go back!My girlfriend and I passed by this restaurant. There's no fancy logo outside but we saw a big group left the restaurant, so we decided to give it a try.
First thing I noticed was the photographs  at entrance. The restaurant hosted banquet for Chinese chairman before, that increased my confident to this restaurant.
We sit down await for waitress show up. She came to us very quick with a very warm smile. She kindly introduced many dishes she recommend, then we realize most of seafood here are MP, and the price are little bit above standard. ($28 for 1 lb lobster, $26 for sea bass.)
I ordered a lobster. Later on she brought a pot contained a live lobster to me. I was surprised. Since most restaurants may choose lobster by themselves, the way they did was very honest but also unique. I did not satisfied to the lobster she picked. So she led me to their water tank to select new lobster. She picked another lobster about 1.5 pound priced $38. The price was over my budget so I decided to change my order to steam sea bass.
The story was not yet come to the end. 3 mins later she came to me said they ran out of normal size sea bass. The sea bass they had were too small to the price they cost, so they ask me to chose other kind of fish. I agreed to the deal. Then they sent staff to buy another fish immediately from market.
Therefore I finally had my steam fish after 15 minutes. It's very fresh, and we could test it was live caught before it cooked. So my girlfriend and I were very thankful for the fish's sacrifice for our dinner (We normally don't eat live caught.) But the entire experience in the restaurant from ordering to dining we're very friendly and satisfied. I would recommend people come here for Chinese food or dim sum.
But I think their best deal is dim sum for sure.Great food ,great service and I went kinda late but they still waited on me hand and foot thanks!The food isn't that tasty..
But nice waitress lol..
..M..I came out to Imperial on the Lunar (Chinese) new year last year.  With entry lines extending well beyond the door and spilling into the street and around the block, it reminded me of a scene straight from a Shanghai market. 
We finally got a table though the crowd kept pouring in.  The dim sum was quite tasty and had several options for a very  reasonable fare. 
Several of my asian friends and co workers rave about this place which I think is a good sign of authenticity.  
I would definitely go back though this time may be pick a day outside the chinese holiday calendar and weekend.Went here for dinner last night.  I haven't been here for about 15 years, but a friend wanted to go so we did.  The food was just fair and the place really needs to be freshened up.  The food was also just fair.
I probably won't go back for another 15 years and that may be too soon.This is my go to place for dim sum for many reasons:
FRIED SHRIMP!!!!!! - No I am not talking about the fried shrimp you get at any other restuarant. This is fried shrimp at it's best. They leave the shell on and lightly batter it and fry it to perfection. Then toss it in some dice peppers giving it a great flavor. You eat the entire thing. Shell, tail, legs and all! We usually get multiple orders of this.
All the other dishes. I always like to try something new each time, but my favorites are always great. 
The service is great, fast friendly.
I have been to a few dim sum places in Philly, but not them all. This is my favorite so far. 
I take new friends here all the time and they enjoy it everytime. 
Tables typical order: Fried Shrimp, Shumai, Beef/Shrimp Long Noodle, Shrimp Balls, Shrimp Dumplings, Beef Tips, Spring Rolls, Egg Custard.
Rarely get but have enjoyed: Lotus Leaf (leaf filled with rice, shrimp, pork)
Chicken Feet - I just don't see the point. You knaw of rubber skin and bones. 
If you like spicy, try their hot pepper oil on the table, but be cautious!You can't really compare Philly dim sum with Hong Kong or Vancouver, BC.  However for Philly, Imperial Inn serves a decent selection and is a fun place to go with a large group of people.  In general, you really can't complain too much when you have 10 people and each person only has to pay $10 (tip including).I only come to Imperial Inn for their dim sum. It is usually crowded, but they're always accommodating and the wait is never longer than 10 mins. The staff is super friendly even though it can be hard for them to understand me sometimes, but they try! I usually pop in a little late for dim sum but the staff will take our order before they stop serving dim sum to make sure we get everything we want. I've never had a problem here and definitely recommend you try their dim sum!
Favs: pork xiu mai, fried shrimp balls, shrimp dumplingOld School, its a word that gets tossed around a lot nowadays. As if by the use of some magical adjective the person, place, event will inherit some features that makes it incomprehensible by the average cretan. That it is of another era long past and completely devoid of judgement and beyond reproach. Old School.
This is old school, in both the glory and disgrace. Imperial Inn is not apologetic for being old school, nor does want to. The food is of an era long gone in the mainstream view of Chinese cuisine, and the people who work in there are equally so. 
This is the Chinese restaurants of your parent's era. Old School.I came here for dim sum and i was quite impressed. We got a table right away, unlike some places were they were rude and make people wait for almost an hour. We got food right away on the carts, however i wish they had more selections and more food. The food was overall very good, same like the others, but at least we didnt have to wait long and waiter service was always available. But i would definitely come here next time for dim sum again.This place is an institution for Chinese families. Yes, the waiters might yell at you but it's because you're supposed to yell back at them (tell me if I'm wrong, I don't speak Cantonese, but it seems that the louder I yell at them in Mandarin the more likely I am to get my Har Gow).
It's really just a super-old Chinese restaurant that is known for the dim sum rather than anything else. I know people say Philly Chinatown is nothing compared to other metropolitan Chinatowns but the food here is acceptable if not something to get excited about. And I'd rather drive an hour to Philly instead of the hassle that is traveling into NYC. 
Honestly, we come here a lot mainly because we don't want to deal with the crazy lines at Joy Tsin Lau and the Chinese grapevine says "no" to Ocean Harbor.My son and I came here a few times after going to the Chinese New Year parades... I always that you can tell if an ethnic joint is good by who eats there... Well we were always 1 of 3 or 4 Non Asian tables... Friendly servers, great dumplings, cheap... What's not to like?  
I read one guy complaining about the smell...  It's not a PF Changs buddyGREAT DIM SUM! Love the pineapple buns.Had early dinner with my family.  Appetizers were good...chicken wings...fried dumplings...shrimp rolls..teriyaki beef...shrimp toast & shrimp wonton soup.   Ordered several different items from the dinner menu...pepper steak...spare ribs...shrimp w/broccoli...bbq pork lo mein & pork fried rice.  All were good but nothing outstanding ...overall the service was outstanding!!  Definitely a go to spot if you are in the area.This is the only dim sum place that I've been to in Philly so far - it's not bad.  I would go back, but I know there's got to be a better place.  
I still have no idea what I'm ordering...I literally just got back from a massive dinner here. Massive in terms of food and people served.
A school organization I'm a part of decided to host an end-of-year dinner. We estimated ten tables, or 100 guests. The turnout was great, the service was prompt, the food was delicious. We took up the entire second floor. They let us hook our iPods up to the sound system, bring in our own alcohol, and generally be rowdy college kids.
Four stars for being so accommodating and working through the logistics and setup very quickly. It only took a week to plan. Definitely doing this again next year.I have eaten here twice now and was blown away by the quality of the food both times.  I am not in Philly often but tried Imperial a few years ago on a recommendation from my hotel.  Loved it.  Was back in town this weekend with a group of friends and once again, unbelievable.  I had the Kung Po chicken with won ton soup and an Egg roll.  The soup was very good but the egg roll was probably the best i've ever had.  I mean, I'm generally pretty nutural about egg rolls since they are usually greasy, bland and basically the culinary equivalent of a hot dog.  But not here...it was crispy, flavorful, fresh and truly a pleasure.  Main dish was out of this world and even the fried noodles and duck sauce were awesome.  Prices were very reasonable, service was great, nobody in my party had a single complaint about this place.  I highly recommend it and can't wait to go back.Imperial Inn belongs to an earlier generation of Chinese restaurants, and you might guess this from "Best of Philly" citation that they proudly display on their front door--it is 17 years old.  The menu is uninspired with a lot of old standbys like pork fried rice and egg foo young.  The food is bland and mediocre, Their cooking seems to depend a lot on prepackaged ingredients.
There is no reason to go here when there are thirty better Chinese restaurants within two minutes' walk.
Addendum 2011-10-10: We did not have dim sum; judging from the reviews here, that would have been a better choice.This is the only place my family goes for dim sum; I always loved going and watching the carts roll by. We always get the chrysanthemum tea, but I prefer the sugar cubes ;)
I enjoy all the food here. Sometimes it's hard to find what you're looking for on the carts, but in my experience, everything is delicious. My favorites include the radish cake (蘿蔔糕), roast pork buns (叉燒包), and for dessert, Malay cake and egg custard (馬來糕, 蛋塔). More recently, my family orders a dish of vegetables (such as sauteed Chinese spinach or garlic sprouts (空心菜,豆苗) because dim sum isn't heavy on the vegetables, and they've always been happy to make some for us.
Definitely a great place for lunch!okay environment and good foodAverage Asian Dim Sum.
The food there is average and plain Dim Sum, but I enjoy the service. I personally think the servers are much more accommodating, not that I expect it at dim sum, but they are willing to take time to get what you want and need. There isn't a variety of different selection. However, it is still good. It's affordable,a place to eat with your friends if you are hungry, and happen to past by. Along with the food, the decor itself is also plain. The place gets it point across.Wow... Came here for dim sum on Sunday. The owner I believe, seems very nice. Greeted us as soon as we came in. With the good reviews I guess I was in the wrong room. So if you're in the main room, better service maybe. We were in the room next to the main room.. Good God, I've never had such poor service... My little brother was thirsty and needed a refill, the cups were probably like a 6oz cup anyways.  2 staff members were off to the side talking to each other not paying attention but then actually made eye contact with me and still ignored me.  What's funny is that our table wasn't the only table upset at how the staff was so inattentive. There was barely anyone bringing food around, we just gave up and ordered food, oh and that's when they refilled my brother drink. Sad to say never again unless I hear better. Oh and it lovely to see staff playing with their phones too. The one staff member payed more attention to a group of kids in their 20's or so, making sure they were getting their food, the food was hand brought to them!, it's dim sum!  So basically, it's seems like if the staff doesn't know you, forget about being served. How professional to pour out the tip jar on the table in front of customers to count it too.One of my favourite places in Philly for dim sum. Yeah, it's very salty and I have to drink a ton of water after going there. But it's pretty decent, and my friends and I walk away really full for (usually) $15-20. I go to Imperial Inn to get a quick fix when I get dim sum cravings. The place is also relatively more like a Chinese restaurant (decor and stuff) than many others I've been to. I don't usually care what I'm eating - we just grab whatever comes around.
I can't say for anything else other than the dim sum though.Ok - this place can be hit or miss, but they've been pretty good the last few times I've been here. If it's a weekend, don't come until after 12pm, otherwise, they're still going to be ramping up the dim sum selection. 
Most of the time, the dim sum is quite good. I personally like the tendon, the pork rib meat (can't recall the proper name for it right now), some of the fried dough offerings, and the shrimp balls (they have awesome shrimp balls when they are hot/fresh). The shrimp chang fen and meat balls and shu mai are not bad. The chinese vegetables are hit or miss. The yellow steamed cake is great, the cha shao bao has gone downhill. My husband likes the chicken feet and 
For dimsum, I personally prefer going upstairs. You get the carts more frequently and there is also more elbow room. There is very convenient $10 for 3 hours parking right across the street (literally). Also, you can order dishes off the regular menu during dim sum, but just tell your waiter early and order directly with them. 
The staff are often pretty helpful and even friendly (and they are all working hard instead of playing around), but you know the one or two to avoid by the sour look on their face. 
Also, if paying with a credit card, be wary, they (sometimes) apply a credit card fee - might be easier to just pay cash.We ordered the typical dim sum dishes ( steamed shrimp dumplings, shui mai, chicken feet, egg tart, radish cake) and we were not impressed. There was nothing that would make me want to come back and eat here again. Our radish cake was cold. The crust of the egg tart had a cookie like texture to it, which is different from the typical light flaky crust. I recommend the shui mai; those were pretty good.This place has changed over the years. The Phoenix roll is still delicious and worth the trip to eat here, but honestly everything else we have tried isn't anything to even write about. The last time we were there (last Friday) there was a terrible smell in there, almost like a dead fish. Quite bizarre. Will not return anytime soon, not even for the Phoenox rolls.Biggest and tastiest selection of dim sum i've ever seen! I left this place so full and satisfied that I wanted to cry.Went to have dim sum this afternoon. The ha gau (shrimp dumpling) were good, I usually don't like most of the ha gau so thick wrapping. The dim sums were not greasy. We had the sticky rice wrapped in lotus leaf, it was pretty good! Our favourites were the bbq pork buns (steamed ones) and shu mai!!! Don't get the bean curd rolls! They were soaked in gravy and tasted yucky! Service was great! The servers helped us to order fresh dim sums when they didn't have any on the carts. They were friendly and helpful!If you like loud, cramp, but exceptional service kinda Chinese restaurant, then this place is for you. The inside is dim and not too clean or organized looking. Tables and chairs were pretty close to each other, but the waitresses here are pretty nice. I asked them to be quick at our $68 for 4 people menu meal and she got our food out asap!
The $68 for 4 people consisted of seafood soup, which was loaded with seafood and flavors. Green onion and ginger lobster...yum but some pieces was briney, so maybe they didn't clean it too well. House special fried rice--filled with the wok flavor, and I rarely eat fried rice, but I ate 2 bowls. A fried nest of veggies with shrimps...which was a little greasy for my taste. Lastly some mustard green with chicken, which tasted okay. All in all, pretty good Chinese food for cheap.Food was ok. Really looked firward to some dim sum and it wasnt that good. Wife tried lemon chicken was just terrible. Dim sum was below average, dumplings were ok. Very disappointed.dim sum is apparently the first ever brunch.  imperial inn does it right.  first off, i never have to wait as long for a table as i do at ocean harbor.  im always seated quickly here and greeted with a hot pot of oolong tea.  there's about five or six circulating carts, which all serve my favorite classics as well as some other tasty delights that i don't see at other places.  roast pork steamed buns, sticky honey baked roast pork buns, siu mai dumplings, black bean spare rib tips, salt and pepper shrimp, congi, chinese sausage sticky fried rice and chicken feet among many others all prepared to perfection!  my only qualm is that there can be a lull in cart circulation when it gets busy.  maybe that's a little harsh because most dim sum places don't seem to circulate their carts as fast as my appetite demands.  so perhaps a dim sum place with a conveyor belt would be more to my liking.  but that wouldn't be authentic now would it?!  
last time i went was on new years day.  packed and filled with mummers, so not only was there the lull of carts but the table before me kept taking the last dish of what i wanted right before the cart got to my table.  bleh.  poetic.  however, to imperial inn's credit, they did well to keep our water glasses filled and replaced our empty teapot immediately.  also, the char siu bao girl saw me staring longingly at her cart while it was blocked behind a traffic jam, and she had one of the other waitresses bypass the pile-up and run a couple steamed buns over my way.  now that's service!   anyways, my whole party of four left feeling stuffed and the bill came out to just $50.  can't think of a better meal to have kicked off the new year.How I miss this dim sum place ever since I moved out of state.  I still keep reminiscing of their fried shrimp balls with crispy thing around it *drools*.  Philadelphia, you are lucky to have this dim sum restaurant.  Hope things haven't changed since I've left.This place has been here for years and I havent gone into it for about 25 years or so.  Yeah Im sort of giving away how old I am.  I remember this place from wedding banquets help upstairs at Imperial Inn.  
Well I was down Chinatown with relatives and instead of waiting for about 30 mins for Ocean Harbor, we decided to try this place.  The wait was about 10 mins, which wasnt a big deal.  They were packed.  
The decor still seems the same from a long time ago, but its still nice.  The food on the other hand was really good and cheap!  The har gao was nice a plump that was filled with shrimp and not just filler.  The noodles wrapped in shrimp was delicious.  The noodles were chewy (lack of a better description) which is the right consistancy.  The shui mai was quite flavorful and piping hot.  Everything was fresh and hot.  The only negative was that the char sui bow was quite dry, other than that the food was great.  The other thing I did notice was that the selection of dim sum wasnt as vast as Ocean Harbor but never the less as good.
For the bill it was quite cheap, about 10 dim sum dishes and 4 other dishes they wrote down only cost 32 dollars and that also including having a doggie bag.  Not bad!!
Happy Eatings!!This is a big restaurant and it is always busy. Love coming here for dim sum. The line is worth the wait.I have been coming to this restaurant since I was a little girl! The dim sum is the best part. They are extremely quick, efficient, and the food always is very consistent and flavorful. If you're looking for a cool Philly experience definitely come here for brunch!i have been going to this place for ages
it is very old but still great service and good foodGood service but the dish I ordered, spciy garlic scallops was neither spicy nor full of garlic.Went twice for Sunday dimsun brunch. I enjoyed most of the food. It's good for Sharing with a big group. 
The lighting is too dark.I tried this place for several times whenever i got a crave for dim sum.
I sometimes have a better experience than the other time. It really depends on where you can have your table.
Everytime I go to this restaurant, I feel like that I need to be extra careful, just because they are not careful for you.  This is one of the places that you do not want to be ignored because you will miss the best dishes they have. (when you are having dim sum)
When I got the table in the corner, where is very hard for those cart to get close, I could not relax to enjoy being there. I felt that I always needed to be attentive for the cart to come around for us.
Maybe people have a different experience, especially if they can speak chinese, but since I do not, communication can be a bit difficult sometimes.
Food is good, so I go there, but the entire experience, so-so.My family like to go for dim sum and dinner
The foods is really foods lot to chose from
The price is ok at Chinatown. Good foodsFor years, I have listened to my parents rave about this place.  The Phoenix rolls were a reoccuring theme in these stories as I recall.  When I went as an adult, this place had a lot to live up to.  However, either my parents' memories were skewed with the passage of time, or this place has slipepd a little.  Their food is pretty good, but not out of this world amazing.  I have ordered a few thigns over the years, and even though I always get something different, I swear they bring out the same thing!  Anyway, the poopoo platter is delicious, and the phoenix rolls actually were pretty good.  Excellent service too.This was a new experience to me.  I thought this was a very nice local restaurant.  I have had better Chinese food but I would not say I am complaining.  This was a nice lunch outing as I was able to experience the dim sum menu where they come around with carts to show what they offer.  This was a unique way of dining and they are very helpful in explaining any of the dishes.  I was also able to try a couple of the main dishes and they are all very well done.  Overall the food was fairly good although some of the dishes I liked over others.  I feel like I would have enjoyed my experience more if I went with others who knew the ins and out of the resturant because I felt a little like an outsider coming here for the first time. I would recommend coming here with a group of people to enjoy a good china town experience in Philly.Went on Palm Sunday around noon and expected a typical mob. Maybe it was the day or maybe it's what I have read-the place is old, tired run by the same two men who have been there fo ever. I don't know but the truth is that the dim sum is the same as it always has been-great. I started with congee. Good thick rice soup. Unfortunately no accompanyments but good with som soy sauce. Then I had a bowl of beef tripe. Slightly overdun and thay added potatoes which were mushy, I ate all the tripe And non of the potatoes. Our party was 4 adults and one 6 year old. We were right outside the knichen so everything we had was hot and delicious. As the time went on the place began to fill. Never got more than half full. The food was the same as it has always been so I really dont understand why people have obviously stopped coming. I must admit that there was a disturbing reality, there were very few oriental people in the restaurant. That to me is a bad sign. When we first went to Imperial Inn, we were one of the few caucasions in the place. If the locals have migrated to another dim sum location, I would like to know where they are going. Sure I'll go back but I will keep my eyes open for other dim sum restaurants with long lines of Chinese people.What a trip!
The bf and I arrived at 2:51pm this past Saturday for a late Dim Sum lunch. (The Imperial Inn does not have a website, so we were unaware they stopped serving Dim Sum at 3pm.)
Our first clue that we may have missed the boat was that we were the only customers in the restaurant. At this point, we were unsure if we should proceed past the anteroom and into the dining room.
However, despite close to closing time, the staff welcomed and seated us and proceeded to wheel two dim sum carts to our table as we were taking off our winter coats! We were immediately served a hot pot of tea and ice waters. Now that's service!
The two carts combined actually had most of our favorites! (Sticky rice in lotus leaf, spring rolls, pork and shrimp shumai, har gow, vegetarian dumplings) 
The waitress asked us if we wanted any additional offerings. I asked if they had any steamed barbecue pork buns and steamed chicken buns. She said she would put in the order. Within five minutes, the two dishes were served to our table!! Fresh and hot from the kitchen!
Also, since they were closing, they gave us some of the dim sum on the carts, for FREE!!!
I was literally in dim sum heaven! 
The dim sum was quality and authentic. I really enjoyed it. The dishes were also of good value, as they were filled with high quality meat. (I realized now that I got ripped off in NYC before.. but that is another story.)
The negative? The dishes from the cart could have been a bit warmer. I, however, understand that they were a little lukewarm as we did arrive late. 
The price? Party of 2, left happy and full- $30 with tip! Not bad!
I would say my experience here was an outlier, for sure. Next time I will get here before 2:50 as to not disrupt the staff during the 3pm table linens changeover.We had dim sum there last weekend. Quality of the food is better than a lot of other dim sum in China town. Inside the restaurant is kinda dark because there are no windows. That's a small negative. Price is reasonable also.Came here twice with my parents on the weekend to try out the dim sum. The restaurant looks pretty cool -- the outside is designed like an old imperial-style building, true to the name, and the inside is slightly dark and decorated in the traditional Chinese style. We came a bit late in the afternoon so they were winding down the dim sum service by the time we were seated, but I really liked their 春捲 (fried spring rolls), which were served sizzling hot and crispy enough to hear from a good 10 feet away when you bite into it. They also have many of the usual dim sum staples, such as 燒賣 (shu mai), 蝦餃 (steamed shrimp dumplings), and 芋角 (deep fried taro dumplings), which were decent. I noticed that their fried items were a bit on the oily side, but I only sampled a limited number of them. Will be returning here earlier in the day some weekend to try some of their other dim sum!Pretty good dim sum but I put it below JTL and Ocean Harbor. It's better for groups though cause it's a little less crowded. Of course, there are two separate menus. One for people who can read Chinese and one for everyone else. Guess which is better. Regardless, the food is solid but not spectacular and the servers are friendly but not that fast. My favorite thing about Imperial Inn is on the outside window. There, they proudly display their City Paper award from like 1996. Good times.