Great little cafe with tasty breakfast, good 'illy' coffee, and the best tuna panini i have had in a minuteOne of best little joints in the neighborhood! Great food with a large portion for the price. Love their giant bagel breakfast sandwiches!We live right around the corner, and iMunch has become a staple on Saturday and Sunday Mornings. Great coffee, hot and iced, and great breakfast sandwiches, and also occasionally we stop by for lunch, which has also been great. The only down fall is that it's a little pricey, however, we clearly still frequent so this is not a deal breaker. Just FYI, $5 min for credit card chargers, but they have let me slide at $4.50. 
You can also call ahead which I recommend, there can be a longer wait depending on time of day.The food was really good. I had a chicken panini and my husband had a deli sandwich. We also had their banana french toast and home fries. Everything was amazing! The ambience is relaxing and i liked the cafe feel. Its very clean and the tv upstairs is nice to catch up news.Overall pretty good food. Had the chicken pannini ... would recommend it. My boyfriend had the Tomatocado, good portion and very tastey. Upstairs dining area was cool but the service was slow.My neighborhood stop shop. I live on the block where iMunch sits and frequently go there. I'll say this: 
1) For a spot off the beaten path for most, iMunch serves up some great food. I get the salmon patty in a wrap with avocado and chipotle mayo when I'm hankering for something filling. Salmon patty is always crisp on the outside, and this place stocks fresh ingredients all the time.  I love it!
2) Berry banana smoothie - my favorite on a lighter day. YUM. For a tiny place like this, they stock soy AND almond milk. 
3) French toast. OH the banana nut french toast has bananas and candied walnuts on top. Fantastic for my rough Sunday mornings. 
My *only ONLY* issue is it takes a while to get your order because they make everything to order. This means calling ahead and waiting 20 minutes on the regular before walking one block.Only thing decent here is the banana nut french toast.  Every time I've ordered something else like a sandwich or a salad, it's been disgusting and overpriced. The chicken is over seasoned with either rosemary or oregano, it's all you can taste. Overloaded with toppings, like they put an entire tomato on one sandwich and overloaded with the meat (I like a nice balance of ingredients). Another overpriced "hipster" café with blah food, in my opinion.I highly recommend Munch!  My daughter and I decided to try the restaurant based on a few favorable reviews. After waiting for a long time we started to second guess our decision. When our meal finally arrived we understood why it took so long. I ordered the veggie omelette with potatoes and multi grain toast. My daughter ordered the spinach and goat cheese omelette. Both omelettes were cooked to perfection! The vegetables tasted fresh and were cooked just right!  The potatoes and onions were so incredibly good since the chef took the time to properly caramelize the onions. It may sound strange to comment on toast; however, their multigrain bread was very satisfying! All in all, I would highly munching at this hidden gem!man this place is the best kept secret food is outstanding very friendly staff found out about it on uber eats and i was impressed with the quality of the food this is a must try well worth the 5 starsGreat breakfast/brunch place. The food is fresh and always tastes great. The place is comfortable to hang out and do some reading or use the free wifi. The staff people are cool and go out of their way to make sure you get exactly what you want. It is one of my favorite places in Philly.This hidden gem is fabulous. Best French toast I've had in a while. If you have some extra change to spare, I would get one of their delicious smoothies too. This place is byob, self serve and the counter service isn't amazing but the food is wonderful and you will treasure every bite. Also the prices are great (I.e French toast meal $7).Had an amazing lunch with my Herbalife Team here!  The food was amazing, the staff was friendly and very attentive! Oh and they have a private meeting space upstairs thats enclosed with a bathroom! It was the perfect space and atmosphere for my small business meeting!! Definitely plan to do monthly work meeting here with my team!!iMunch is a good, local breakfast spot.
Turkey bacon, egg, and cheese on a croissant was good. Sort of flattened and oily though. I was surprised that they don't have normal bacon (just turkey and beef bacon).
The mango strawberry smooth was okay. Something was sort of off about it. The pineapple juice may have overpowered the mango (as I didn't taste any).
Clean restaurant with ample seating upstairs. Friendly service.
I would return if I lived in the area, but wouldn't go out of my way.Had breakfast here for the 1st time today.  It's in Brewerytown, kind or an odd area/location.  The place was clean and reasonably priced.  It took a while before our food came out (and it was empty in there) but everything was hot and tasty when it arrived.  Yummy French toast, omelet and turkey sausage.  I can't say it's as great as the city's better known breakfast/brunch places but for the price, it's solid and a good value.  Service was friendly and pleasant.  A nice neighborhood breakfast/lunch spot.This joint is off-the-beaten path, even though I think almost everything in Brewerytown is, this one is even off of that path. Located next to Bottom Dollar on 31st St, iMunch offers typical coffeeshop fare at good prices. I only had a breakfast tea and enjoyed it in the excellent second story space... but I could have done without the big screen oddly playing ESPN.We live nearby and love coming here for food, coffee and smoothies! All of which are very delicious! The service can be a bit slow at times, but other than that it is a great spot! I would recommend it to others!My favorite place to eat ..soft r&b music,comfortable and warming vibes,great food and low prices and it has a conference room and clean bathrooms..I love the cooks and the people up front #ImunchTried the chicken wrap. It was very good & fresh. They use delivery.com which is somewhat expensive but enjoyed the wrap overall. Def will order again.i LOVED iMunch and can't wait to go back.
I can testify that the following were absoloutly AMAZING:
TKBLT
Monty Chris
Chicken Panini
Egg and Cheese w/ Turkey Bacon
can't wait to try EVERYTHING on the menu.  The difference at iMunch is that they make their foods with love.  Just fair warning, in case you don't want a lot of Mayo, just let them know.  Their love in the sandwiches does include Mayo and took my sister and I by surprise, but now we know next time to tell them light on the Mayo.  The TKBLT was REDICCC!!!!This tucked away spot in Brewerytown is great for breakfast and surprisingly affordable, considering the healthy angle. We've already had a turkey sausage sandwich on everything bagel, hot cakes and beef bacon, and a mango strawberry smoothie, all equally delectable. As long as we reside in the area, we will frequent iMunch, and suggest you do the same, whether passing through or not.I order the ALT and smoothie. love them! parking is a little hectic where they are but it's worth it. A hidden gem!Happy to see this awesome cafe in brewtown..finally! They have awesome food that they make in the shop, great illy coffee, and friendly service.Recently moved across the street, so I stopped by iMunch for breakfast last week and it was AMAZING. I had the salmon croquettes with scrambled eggs and potatoes. Everything was fresh and seasoned perfectly. Vibe is very relaxing and chill and the menu is really expansive. I would say that the service could be a little friendlier -- cashier seemed a little off putting and I also wish that they were open later. Otherwise, great spot and really convenient for the area.Five stars even though the half and half bottle was out and the drop that was left was warm. Their coffee is the best in this neighborhood. Pretty scene. Kinda like a cleaner college study room. With giant TV. The BEST pancake I've had in yearsThe food here is excellent and the smoothies are thick and delicious.  There is ample seating upstairs and even a conference room that you can use or rent.  The bathroom is always clean too...The only thing about that gets me is the staff.  It seems requirement to be selected to be the cashier (equivalent to a server at a sit down restaurant) here is that you are anti social.  I've been here at least 20 times the past few years and it's always amazing to me how poor the customer service is; never welcoming or friendly.I love going here for breakfast take out with my wife. Fantastic omelettes with fresh ingredients, good coffee, and a nice vibe. My only issue is that it can be a slow wait for food. It's worth it but sometimes the wait is long and you may be rushed to get in and out.I absolutely love this place! I go everyday to grab my large coffee and my marble cake (which they heat up for me) and then for lunch a lot of the time I get their chicken panini or their chicken salad which is super super delicious! Great customer service, excellent food, best cafe/lunch spot in Brewerytown hands down!What a great addition to the neighborhood! The salads are great, so much so, that I had the Tex Mex Chicken salad 3 X in one week. Ingredients taste fresh and nothing comes out of a can. Fresh corn, great cheese, lovely roasted tomatoes...just wonderful. They have become my "go to" at least once or twice a week. Best of all, prices are reasonable without sacrificing quality. Good job!Take out only. I ordered thru the yelp app and it was ready when we got there.  The breakfast sandwich with meat ( I had beef sausage ) was amazing. It was so good that my son took a bite and tried to make me trade him for his chocolate chip pancakes. No deal, but I enjoyed the pancake leftovers when the kids finished only half of their breakfast . I ate so much today, and have so many leftovers but all I  can think of is getting this sandwich again tomorrow.Better than expected and a great value. French toast was great. Definitely going to try the bagels next time; they looked great!My friend regularly gets her weekend breakfast sandwich here so when I visited, we obviously had to go. Delicious breakfast sandwiches (which were well worth $5) were ready very shortly after ordering. I've never had beef sausage before but it was an unique treat. Will definitely get another if I'm ever back in the areaI love this place! great menu options and atmosphere. The food is delicious and drinks are well made (I love that they use coffee ice cubes in their iced coffee!) 
My only *small* complaint is that they only have one person behind the register which doesn't make for speedy service if a line forms.The only reasons is placed didn't get 5 stars with because they did not have bike racks I am a Philly cyclist and had a hard time finding somewhere to store my bicycle my lady and I came here for breakfast and the food was delicious you have to try the salmon cakesFree wifi and very nice service.   This is the place you need to go in the area for a good up of coffee.  Stick around a little more and enjoy their upstairs eating area.   
Just be mindful of the spiral staircase.I went in today for the grand opening. It was busy. The people working there are very friendly and helpful and patient. I ordered a warm drink, smoothie, and an iced coffee. They were good. I also had a panini. It was really good. Didn't come out super fast, but I mean it's cooked in the kitchen. Not like other cafes where they microwave your sandwiches. I'm glad this place is open. I imagine that I'll be there often.First time I went I ordered the herby chicken sandwich and pomegranate berry smoothie....AMAZING!! 
Went today with my 3 children we all ordered mango berry smoothies they were AMAZING as well!! 
Next I want to try the breakfast items but I definitely recommend this place to EVERYONEFood is always delicious, very fresh ingredients and the coffee is amazing! I'm also always delightfully surprised that they use frozen coffee ice cubes in their iced coffee and wish everyone did this. A big fan!Food is great. Customer service sometimes can be a little frustrating but 8 times of out 10 pretty good.iMunch has tasty food with fresh ingredients. However the need to remedy the cream cheese distribution situation.If you're like me and normally get your food to go, take an extra second to check your order before you leave. Otherwise, you'll discover once you're already home that they forgot to add something you were charged for, which has happened to me more than once. They tend to mess up orders a lot. Also, they're super slow, so plan extra time if you're swinging through there. But alas, their food is really excellent and there isn't really another place where you can get a good classic breakfast sandwich to-go in the neighborhood.They have the freshest salads I've had in Brewerytown, or even in all of Fairmount. The Tex Mix is my favorite!I arrived around 8:20 am and only ordered a breakfast sandwich, that's it. Simple. By 8:50, I asked the lady at the cash register if she could check on how much longer it would take because I had an appointment; otherwise, I could stop by in an hour to pick it up. Simple request.  I was not rude...next thing I hear one of the cooks complain that I asked for a status.  He continued to make loud remarks "oh she can't wait one more minute" "let me hurry up because she can't wait"...it was extremely rude, unprofessional and made me uncomfortable. I never knew asking if it would take longer would incite such a reaction...especially considering that I could return after my appointment.We go here sometimes when we want a big, good, breakfast. We usually order pancakes (with blueberries, when I remember to order them), grits, an omelet, some sausages. We tend to fall into a deep slumber after eating the food, a great, beautiful, and sad slumber of happiness. Smoothies are really great too, but they're more like shakes than smoothies.Amazing food, and halal too! Had the Turkey BLT and a Pomegranate Berry smoothy, it was delicious. Worst part was I'm still full from all the Thanksgiving food I had yesterday so I couldn't stuff my face as much as I'd like.This cozy corner coffee shop is a classy, perfect spot for a local Brewerytown date, perfect for meeting with friends, or even casually catching up on light reading. It has good service there are enough edible goodies and coffee extras.UPDATE: 
This place is GREAT! I love walking into a cafe and seeing illy coffee being served.  This to me says something about the establishment. HIGH STANDARDS  They have a great variety of pastries, sandwiches, and smoothies to choose from and a fabulous dining space upstairs.  If you need to host a meeting they also have a private room to do so.  All in all this place is stellar.  Check it out!!This was my first time here after reading a few yelp reviews. The place is small but nice. I ordered the french toast, bacon and a mango strawberry smoothie. The french toast was fabulous and they give you a decent amount of bacon. They give you an option of dairy or juice (orange or pineapple) for your smoothie. I chose orange juice and had no complaints about the smoothie. 
There are a few window bar stool seats downstairs to sit or you can opt to upstairs using the spiral staircase. I ate upstairs. There was music playing and a large screen with a tv show on. They also have Wi-Fi. 
Everything is priced separately, no combos so it can add up quickly. I also had to pay for syrup, which I thought was weird since I ordered french toast. You'd think it was included. Other than those 2 minor things I enjoyed it here and would definitely return.Place is a bit expensive. I ordered the roast beef panini for $10, it was a pretty good size but taste wasn't great. It also took about 20 minutes to make and I was the only person there when I went in.So my husband and I came here this morning because of all the glowing reviews iMunch has saying it's "a hidden gem" and something great. The food isn't bad, but it's definitely not as good as my fellow reviewers have talked it up. If you like McDonald's breakfast, that would be a good comparison to what I ate.  The service was good, coffee was fine, but nothing special. I had the ham egg and cheese croissant and my husband had the crab and chive omelette. My sandwich was $6 which to me was way too much for the quality I received. I could have gone to McDonald's and gotten the same thing for $3 or to the frozen section of my grocery store for $3 for the same quality. My husband's omelette was $7 and you can tell the eggs came from a carton and are not fresh. Wasn't horrible, but I probably won't come back.Got a smoothie and a cookie here (healthy combo, right?). 
Anyway, this cafe is right on the corner, across the street from a supermarket. It's a small spot, with a few window-stool seats, and an upstairs dining area. 
The smoothie itself was good, fresh, and comes in 3 different sizes. 16, 20, and 24 oz. 
Beware though, that there is a $10 minimum on credit cards if you are just wanting something small! I wouldn't have gotten the cookie otherwise.I was close by getting a tire fixed and came here here looking for brunch options and a place I can get some studying done. I am happy for my google search because I truly found a treasure!
The menu had a great mix of brunch options. I'm vegetarian, so I am usually limited to a limited number of options, however, I was very excited with the options here. I ordered the veggie omelette and it was amazing. I also got an shortstack of hot cakes because I wanted something sweet. Both were excellent. 
The upstairs has amble outlets to support electronic devices and lots of natural sunlight. I will definitely be visiting again.This is going to be short and sweet because iMunch deserves a review. A small local spot in the neighborhood that serves delicious coffee, French toast, and omelettes. They have high quality delicious ingredients for a decent price point. 
Between my roommates and I we eat here at least twice a week, even if it's just to grab a coffee for the road. 
Cannot recommend enough!I live about a block away from iMunch and they consistently have wonderful food! We've gotten breakfast, lunch, and smoothies from here and they're always delicious. My reason for the 4 stars is that some of it seems a bit overpriced.Stopped in here on a whim today and had a delicious breakfast! Lots of breakfast items (sandwiches, omelets, etc) and they let me customize my own sandwich, which was great. The food is made to order, and it was ready really quickly. (Like, I sat down, opened my email, started to draft something, and didn't get to send it because the food was already ready.) They're halal, so your options are beef or turkey if you want bacon. I'd never had beef bacon before, and it was great! Staff is friendly. The iced coffee was nothing special, but not at all bad. (I think it might be Illy coffee?) Overall, great experience. I will definitely be back the next time I'm doing a breakfast-time Aldi or wine store run!Got a breakfast sandwich and a chai tea from them. The sandwich was on point but that chai tea was omfg. I would go back just for the tea. Great service and fast with making the food. I enjoyed it.Needed a cold beverage on the hot day. Was alright, ambience seemed a bit strange, menu didn't match with the R and b music vibe which was little incongruent with the decorations downstairs (kind of reminded me of subway, however I didn't see upstairs so maybe things went together a little better upstairs.)
Not much in the way of outdoor seating, I think was only 1 table. 
The berry smoothie I got was VERY sweet but alright. I think I can make better at home. 
The cashier was a little rude (I understand you might be busy but you can still be polite) 
Probably wouldn't come back.Good neighborhood place to get breakfast or lunch.  Coffee is also good.  I love how they use frozen coffee cubes for the iced coffee so it doesn't get watered down.  My only complaints are that it can be pricey and they've messed up my order a few times.   However, you can tell they use quality ingredients.Nice place. Good food cooked fresh, friendly staff and patrons, and a nice atmosphere.  This is a nice find for those attending nearby regattas!My wife and I pick up sandwiches from iMunch on a pretty regular basis.  I'm pretty sure that between the two of us, we've had every sandwich on the menu and it's always a hard decision what to get.  The VG panini is a GREAT Breakfast option.
We love iMunch.  The space upstairs is very nice to sit back and relax.Great little breakfast joint. My caramel latte was 
solid and the banana but French toast was filling and delight! We will be back!Stopped in because my sister wanted a smoothie and I wanted something warm. She got the mango strawberry smoothie and chicken panini. I got the spiced chai with almond milk and herby chicken salad sandwich. Service was quick and polite. Both my sister and I loved our drinks and ate our sandwiches way too fast. I almost forgot to take a photo. Highly recommend for a delicious quick bite or drink...Great hidden place.  We had the Panini Sandwichs- both the Roast beef and Italian Tuna were delicious. Very nice seating upstairs. Clean comfortable. Funky music creates a cool vibe.I went there on the first day they had the full menu available. Sandwiches, a wide variety of pastries, soups: it's pretty straightforward cafe fare at a good price and high quality. I thought the latte I had was every bit as good as ones I've had in Center City and Manayunk. I gather that the breads and some (if not all) pastries are by Le Bus. They use Illy beans and have a nice selection of non-coffee drinks (Fizzy Lizzy sodas, etc.)
There's a surprising amount of seating for a relatively small storefront, and things are designed such that it's filled with natural light despite having no south-facing windows. I can see it feeling a little tight when all the tables are occupied, but that's a pretty minor complaint.
All in all, it's a very nice addition to an emerging neighborhood.Had the salmon patty on a wrap. It was sooooo delicious and fresh. I will say that it took a little bit of a wait, probably because of lunch time rush.I have been thinking about the salmon sandwich I had ever since. I am sincerely in love with that damn sandwich. My husband took a bite and He immediately regretted not ordering it. It was too good to continue to share. They also had amazing sweet treats that we enjoyed. We found this place on yelp and I am seriously considering crossing the bridge just to have another sandwich. 
My husband got grits and although he had food envy he was still pleased with his grits. The staff was polite and funny. The restaurant was clean. 
I wish this business much success. Send me the recipe for the salmon sandwich please.I would give 5 but I've had my order messed up a couple of times which is just Annoying because I go there all of the time. Needless to say, really great for omlettes. No pork products for religious purposes but the beef bacon works. 
Great coffee, great spot to get some work done. Sometimes it's kind of loud but typically especially during the week it's a good place to stop a get some work done. 
They could use a friendlier person on the phone but that veggie omelette and grits will keep me around. Also their hot mocha is really good.This was my first time here after reading a few yelp reviews. The place is small but nice. I ordered the french toast, bacon and a mango strawberry smoothie. The french toast was fabulous and they give you a decent amount of bacon. They give you an option of dairy or juice (orange or pineapple) for your smoothie. I chose orange juice and had no complaints about the smoothie. 
There are a few window bar stool seats downstairs to sit or you can opt to upstairs using the spiral staircase. 
Everything is priced separately, no combos so it can add up quickly. I also had to pay for syrup, which I thought was weird since I ordered french toast. You'd think it was included. Other than those 2 minor things I enjoyed it here and would definitely return. 
UPDATE: I went back a second time and everything was great again. I wasn't charged for syrup, so I'm thinking they may have thought syrup was already in my container the first time and that I was requesting extra.Glad to see a healthy option open up in the neighborhood (I love you, Lincoln Fried Chicken, but I can't eat you every day). 
You can find me here this summer ordering the TBLAT (turkey, bacon, lettuce, avocado, and tomato) or the Greek salad on nights where I sure as hell won't be turning my oven on.Multiple times they gave me the wrong order or forgot to even put it in to the kitchen. If they do remember it takes 15minutes MINIMUM, wether they are simply cutting a bagel or making a smoothie. Food is good but it's unbearable to go there and wait 20 minutes (on multiple occasions) to realize they didn't even start your order.I have mostly been here for coffee but it was a decent cup. They brew Illy. It my opinion it could have been a little bit stronger. Have had their bagels and bagel sandwiches and they are really good. They have a lot of halal options. Can't say the service was stellar but all around a decent spot for the neighborhood.Excited for this place to open! Will feedback when the doors are open!I had the salmon cake sandwich & it's all I can think about! Great bread, yummy flavored mayo, delish salmon. I would just add bacon to it next time. 
Someone brought it to me, so I've never been inside. I got the menu & I agree with another reviewer..I think it's a bit pricey. That's the only reason I haven't gone again. With a family of 4, I can't spend $10 pp on a casual meal of sandwiches. But I'm looking to return when I can!I had a wonderful time here. Attended a meeting in their private room. Place was clean and beautiful. My latte was great. Mango smoothie was good and my Turkey BLT was great. I enjoyed all of my food.
Today, I returned for a regular coffee and ordered a Turkey BLT. All is swell. I shall return. I'd highly recommend this new local business. Nice space and great food.Ridiculously slow service. Other than that, quality food, coupled with friendly service and diversity. Maybe more than one cook in the kitchen, if possible, could help w/ keeping up w/ demand during peak hours (breakfast mainly). CAN WE GET POTATO BREAD PLEEEEEEEASE???We love iMunch.
Typically we get the herby chicken sandwich and the chicken panini.  Both are excellent and, in my own mind,  these are among the better sandwiches in Philly.  
Coffee is great too, they use coffee ice cubes.  Thinking they don't want to dilute their coffee and I thank them for that.  Thanks iMunch!
They made a very comfortable eating area upstairs so like a nice mix of eat in and take out.Stumbled upon this place with an unbeatable Groupon.  Great atmosphere, friendly staff, phenomenal omelets.  I had the lump crab omelet with a chicken and roasted pepper panini.  Fresh ingredients; beverages are from local companies -- e.g. You won't be drinking Minute Maid OJ here.  Very pleased.  Timely, clean, modern.  Nice set up.  Walk up counter serve - similar to a local Panera.  Although, the music choice was quite strange - one second you were hearing a 1990's Whitney Houston song, next thing you know, "Back 2 Back" by Drake was on.  Slightly confused, but other than that, everything was delightful.  Will be back.I've come here twice now since my good buddy lives around the corner from it. Always been impressed by the portion of their food and quality. Though they do not service pork products, it has never phased me or been a problem. I have only come here for brunch type food, but their sausage egg and cheese and roast beef sandwiches are delish! You gotta come here because it is nice on your wallet and good quality eats!Super nice staff. Great sandwiches loved by the adults and kids. Everything tasted super fresh including the white bread and avocado.Yum! Yum! & More Yum!!!! I got the caribbean dream smoothie and a tex mex salad and it was soooo good! My Dad got the ALT and right after his first bite, he said it was heavenly! So next time, I will def get the ALT on toasted multi grain. They have a super cute and cozy upstairs area to eat in, so I am going to bring my book club here later in the month. I was really in the mood for a good salad and im sooo happy I could find one! Great place, will def come back! :-)The frwnchtoast with fruit was really good. So was my wife's omelette. Took longer to get food as was not busy but worth the wait a little expensive for the coffee and tea