Top notch food. I ordered the 3 course meal and everything was beyond super deliciousness!!! Our waiter Jenna was amazing, knowledgeable and fun. She made our experience sheer perfection. I can't thank the staff enough for making my birthday dinner heaven on my taste buds.Amazing pizza. Also love ceci bean dip. Great outdoor patio.  Recommend going on Tuesdays for half off select pizzas.First place I ate in the area and it was sooo good. My friend and I both ordered pasta, but the pizzas looked good from afar. They have beer and wine available which is great when you don't have time for byob.Omg! Omg! Omg! What a hidden gem! I'm disappointed I didn't take pics but the food AND service was amazing!! I forgot my servers name but she was very helpful and so attentive as I arrived earlier than the rest of my party (one other person) she kept checking up on me to see if I needed anything. Once my friend arrived the server then explained the menu to us bc it was our first time. She recommended the steak tartar in a jar and we ordered two pastas. The lamb and the seafood. Although they are small portions, we were stuffed. The steak tartar was my favorite, I honestly dream about it, it was that good served with crunchy soft bread. Everything was very on point at this place! Will def visit again soon. And there's a parking lot! A great plus for me bc I hate driving around looking for parkingIn Riva never disappoints. The food is delicious (mamas meat balls, polenta, duck ragu & pepperoni pizza are some of my favorites), the waitstaff is always great and the atmosphere is perfect (both indoor and outdoor).  
Last night we ordered a 4 course tasting menu and it was amazing. Everything their kitchen puts out is a masterpiece!On the banks of the river ... is the best pizza I have ever eaten, period.  Its as much about the crust as it is about the balanced accompaniments.  A thin but delicate crust with rewarding texture and flavor that offer meaningful contributions to the topping interplay (rather than delivering toppings in an after-thought, unremarkable, edible vessel).
The perfect meal so far ...
- VASI - Ceci Beans and Lentis (tomato scapece, grana padano)
- ANTIPASTI - Aggrodolce Pork Ribs (green apple, pistachio)
- LE PIZZE - Spicy Ham (coppa piccante, san marzano tomato)
- DOLCI - Zeppole (blackberry yogurt, lemon curd)
Honorable mentions and amazing seconds if you can manage ...
- VASI - Cannelini Bean Aioli (smoked pepper, arugula, sicilian tuna)
- ANTIPASTI - Carciofi Fritti (fried artichokes, lemon yogurt)
- LE PIZZE - Quattro Formaggi (ricotta, scamorza, marinated tomato)
- DOLCI - Cannoli (pistachio, lemon-ricotta, chocolate-olive oil).If you consider the reasonable prices, the beautiful location and the need for such an establishment in this area I have to say this was a five star experience. The service was smart and easy going with our two year old son. She comped us an app when our drink order took an unusually long time and she ran down her list of favorites for us twice. We ordered 8 things on the menu and not one was average or just satisfactory, everything was delicious. My favorites were the octopus app and the asparagus app. So good.... cherries and truffles yum yum yummy.Service, parking and location was great. Pizza and salad had great taste. It came out quick and was timed perfectly as we had to get on the road. Dough was okay - hard to eat with toppings falling off pizzaJust went to In Riva for the first time. I had heard they had a dog area and wanted to enjoy the evening with my Benny. The Pizza-n-Puppies area was great. The tables were  a little low (dogs could easily reach if they wanted) but considering I've never seen something like it before, I really liked the concept. 
I had the Mushroom and Zucchini pizza and it was alright. The crust was amazing, but I didn't know the pie would have a kick and I truly dislike spicy. Next time I know to tell them no spice and they'll leave it off. I think without the spice the pizza would be great.
UPDATE: I have been to In Riva a few times since writing this original post. Just say don't add spice and the pizza will come out amazing. At least, if you're like me and don't like food spicy.
Check their Facebook page before heading out on a Tuesday because you need a password for half price pizza.Food is bomb.  Plus good servers.  Right by river.  You have nothing to lose and everything to gain by eating here.Started with a few drinks. Nice custom cocktail selection. Waitress was real nice and went through the menu with us. It's almost all shared plates. Very trendy, cool concept rarely pulled off well. Started with buffalo pork belly and meatballs. Pork belly was really good. Good, spicy and fatty ( you have to be into that thing). Meatballs were excellent. The only thing I would have wanted were toast points or crustinis to dip in the left over sauce. The margarita pizza was awesome wood fired, thin sauce (which I believe belongs on a pizza) and a doughy thin crust. Finished up with some vanilla and Nutella gelato. Great meal! We'll be back!My boyfriend and I ate at In Riva last night. The decor and location is great, for that I'd give it a 4 Star. 
I ordered the hangar steak starter as I wasn't ravenously hungry, and my partner ordered the margherita pizza. The service was by the way, very attentive and food arrived very fast.
My steak was raw, tough and tasteless. Inedible. I don't even think it was hangar steak, it looked more like a sirloin tip. Took me 4 minutes to chew one small piece. The salad it came with was tasty so I just ate that and told my waitress that the steak was lousy. She offered to bring me something else, but I refused.
The pizza was tasty and enjoyable, but hardly memorable. 
To In Riva's credit, they did not charge us for the steak dish.
We might give it another chance just becos we are local and becos we won't write off a place based on ordering two items. The ambiance, location, service etc will probably convince us to try again in a while.  If I could I would give it 2.5 stars.This place is a real treat to have in the Northwest. Delicious Italian food, inventive cocktails, and a wonderful outdoor space overlooking Kelly Drive. The chicken Parm appetizer is a favorite: a whole chicken leg and thigh and a delicious, tangy marinara with cheese. I will often get it with a salad as my entrée. I love that they have plenty of bicycle racks for their guests as well.We had the pepperoni pie and the crispy artichokes. The pie was really good. It had a lot of pepperoni and the cheese/sauce ratio was perfect. The crust had a nice crispy/chewy contrast. They are small Neapolitan pies so I would recommend 1 pie and 1 appetizer for two people. The crispy artichokes were very good. They were complimented with a lemon yogurt sauce and a black olive tapenade. I would definitely go back. 
    Just updating review after going back. I changed it to 5 stars. Everything was excellent. The kale salad, octopus, ribs and Bianca verde pizza were all amazing. Can't wait to go back.My husband and I came here after a 5K at the Laurel Hill cemetery. It was crazy packed around 7 on a Sat night so we grabbed seat at the bar. We each had a couple of cocktails and menu items. We had the short rib gnocchi and cheese plate. The food was really good and looked good judging other people's plates. I liked the vibe of the place and would like to check it out again!Seriously yummy pizza. Had the pancetta and pineapple and feel like that will be a staple for me. Mouth is watering thinking about it. Love the outdoor deck! Great little pizza place in walking distance from my house!Great place to brunch! The food is so damn delicious and the biggest perk for us is parking! There is indoor and outdoor spaces available but we always do the outside in the summer. The  view from the patio in the back is great bc you overlook kelly drive and the river.Oh..my...goodness.
Recipe for a great dinner: A perfect evening to sit outside + good friend to catch up on gossip + solid beer menu + tasty pizza + small plates galore + NUTELLA GELATO. I left one happy smiling piggie. Service was friendly but respectful of our need for space to enjoy our meal. Would definitely recommend this spot. Next time I'm going to walk there with my pup and enjoy pizza in the puppy area!Over priced!  Two scallops $11. Pizza burned on rim and soft undercooked in center.  Very small meal portions which are over priced. Never againDamn good establishment tucked away in East Falls overlooking the Schuylkill. Service was good & the waitor was exceptionally knowledgable of menu. Good wine list and solid craft beer options on tap.
Started w/ the meat and cheese plate of the waitors choice. High quality products, reasonably priced. Delicious. Ordered scallops w/ bacon and although the portion size was small for the price (should have been 3 scallops instead of 2), the dish was well done and worth a taste. Finished w/ a four cheese pizza which was the best made brick oven pizza i've ever had. Crispy, yet soft dough. Minimal grease. Just right.
Absolutely reccomended.Best friendliest employees that know the menu. Fantastic antipasatas! I love this place... the vibe, the food, service, patio, and the bar. One tiny complaint is the kitchen is a tad heavy handed with salt and i love salt but sometimes you gotta dial back in riva... still 5 stars. Seriously great service.Amazing dining experience!!! The cocktails, the charcuterie, the cheese, antipasti, pasta...everything was well thought out and worked great together. The ambience and decor is very welcoming and modern. The service was superb, Carl, was a very professional and attentive bartender, she was always smiling too. The manager, Dawn, stopped by to make sure everything was great, and it was. You should not miss this dining experience if you are in the area. Make reservations if you can, if not, eat at the bar!Drove out here from University City based on a recommendation from a friend. The place looked pretty cool and relatively busy for a Wednesday night. 
I ordered the smokey chicken pizza which arrived pretty quickly. It was cool to see the chefs working on the pizzas right behind our table and I especially loved the tomato cans as stands. I could tell that this place had a personality to it and it was nice to get away from the typical University City restaurant scene. 
The pizza itself was delicious as expected. Thin-crust but still saucy and cheesy enough that I was able to fold it and really enjoy each slice. I didn't realize the smokey chicken meant that I was going to get thinly cut chicken breast slices instead of cubes/pieces which is more usual as a pizza topping. I would probably order something else knowing this now but the salsa verde still made the pizza really delicious. I'd come back here again.Their verde pizza is one of the best pizzas I have ever eaten.  Ricotta, almonds and abs amazing pesto.There were five of us, one under the age of ten, who showed up late for dinner. It was worth the wait! Drinks, salads and pasta  all served by a staff that could not have been more pleasant or happy to see us! We sat outside under the bridge shadow and thoroughly enjoyed these delicious choices: cucumber and feta salad, (dressing out of this world fresh and lively,) arugula salad with mushrooms, caprese salad with buffalo mozzarella, goat cheese ravioli, black spaghetti with rock shrimp, riggotoni with fennel sausage and goat cheese brick oven pizza.
Only one question. Where has this place been all my life? Can't wait for a return visit!Went on wednesday for dinner with a friend. Turns out that its half price bottles of wine all night. Got a bottle of Torrontes and ordered the potatoes, octopus, and cipollini to share. 
The potatoes with bacon jam that were recommended by our server were delicious. But when we got the $14 octopus we were pretty disappointed by the serving size, very small for the price, but it was very good. The pizza was great and pretty big. For two people it was just the right amount of food.
Really great atmosphere as well. Definitely will be back soon for half price wine.We made a reservation to go here with our children on Sunday evening solely based on the high Yelp rating. Disappointing is an understatement. The $13-15 price for three bites of pasta is absolutely ridiculous. They stated that they were meant for tasting. In that case, either lower the price or provide a somewhat larger portion. We were flabbergasted! The food overall had a good flavor but was consistently over salted.The waitress was friendly but mostly stood over by the kitchen and chatted with her cohorts. Getting her to get us a check or for more water was impossible. Definitely not going here again.We went here to eat. Well I was a little disappointed. We had to order so much good. All portions were small. We ordered the meat and cheese to start. Then we had pasta dishes and we were still starving. We ordered two pizzas. I know what your all thinking but everything was so small. The waitress was very nice and the service was strange because it was always someone new coming over to us.  The place overall is clean. Check out the bathroom in the basement.$11 for 3, count 'em 3!  Ravioli's?  REALLY!?  small plate portions should not cost that much.  It amazes me how people will rave about a place, and not notice (or care) that they're being price gouged.  pizza wasnt that great either, and we had a couple rotten tomatoes on the salad.  there are many better options for Italian food than here.  But, as long as people are willing to pay, overpriced eateries will continue to get away with small portions and big prices.My husband and I stopped here durinh happy hour last friday and tried the Chefs special entree.  Our Cchef was Brian and omg the food was greeeeeeeaaaat! We ate til we couldnt eat anymore.  We will def be coming back.  Wow!The food came out fast, great ambiance for dinner and a very helpful waitress. I got the pepperoni pizza as it had high ratings and wasn't disappointed! My husband got the spicy ham (you can't split toppings so we got our own...leftovers:) which he said the toppings kept slipping off.
I would recommend. Fair prices, good service, tasty brick oven pizza.The small plate apps were very good.  Didn't expect this high quality food coming from a restaurant right off of Kelly drive.  The crab tortelloni was my favorite, I would go back just to eat more of them.
Prices are higher than expected but food quality was also higher than expected so I would say they are priced fairly.  We were so distracted by all of the small plate foods that we didn't even really try the pizzas.  I'm hearing good things on that end too so looking forward to my next meal at In Riva.This is the second time experiencing In Riva, but the first review. 
Went twice on one night so I was able to experience two aspects of the place. The first time was pre-game for an event we had at the Laurel Hill Cemetery. We stood at the bar. The bar itself is very small and I felt like I was crowding the people sitting at the high top table behind me. The bartender was very nice but could have used more knowledge of the beer selection. They didn't seem to know much about the style of the beer. 
The second time was after the event. We were running late and I called to let them know (we had reservations at 9) and they were very pleasant and accommodating. When we arrived we sat at a table. One of the first things you notice is the pizza oven with Pizza's constantly going in and out of it. So we had to order pizza and really it's the only thing I've ordered and all I can say is fantastic.  We split two pizza's and took the rest home. We got the Marcherita pizza with white anchovy. The anchovies weren't your typical little salty fish, no, they were large semi-salty fish and the pizza was delicious. The other pizza,which we liked alittle better was the Mushroom and Zucchini, really great mushroom taste. The waitress was very friendly and we enjoyed having her as our server, but again could use more knowledge of the bar.I love their pizza.  Everything we have tried there is really good.  Their food is so good, that InRiva hosted my baby shower last year and they were great.  I did not quite get their menu at first, but after visiting several times, I love it.
Must try!Happy hour until 7 is the big headline here. 
The pizza is delicious, fresh, and fast. Had some potatoes in a bacon jam, also delicious, but a little on the light side. 
The atmosphere is nice, everybody is VERY friendly. They will certainly have my business againThis place is a gem. We accidentaly stumbled upon this place while biking the fairmont trail nearby. We saw the deck area from the trail as well as the parked bike decor on the railings and thought it would be a great place for bikers to grab a drink. We were in for a surprise.
We sat on the deck and started off with some peronni's and a delicious kava infused cocktail. The service was outstanding. Because of the excellent service and menu presentation we decided to order some food. We decided on the Quattro formaggi pizza which is one of the best pizzas I've had in a while. Fresh ingredients and cooked perfectly. Thin crust style.
We were so pleased at the end that we decided to get the pistachio and chocolate cannolis for dessert. They were the best cannolis I have ever had. Highly recommended.
I will definitely be back and I will try the meat and cheese board next time. The group next to us ordered this and they seemed very happy with their order.
Keep up the great work In Riva!Food always good some of their waiters are poor.  I hate it when a waiter fails to keep your water and ice tea glasses with something in them.  I also hate that they clear your dishes while your still eating.  Leave me alone and let me eat.Just had a delicious (and VERY filling) lunch at In Riva.  Indoor and outdoor eating space with a view of the river.  They have a family-style type of menu with a number of small appetizers, salads, and then about 10 different types of gourmet pizzas.  It was perfect for a business lunch and was an enjoyable interactive meal.  
We started with the meat and cheese plate appetizer (choose your own meats and cheeses off of a selection of pairings) and had the prosciutto, salumi misti, prosecco, and sardo cheese.  The waitress did a fantastic job of explaining what each one's texture and taste would be.  We then all split the arugula and mushroom salad served in a house vinaigrette, followed by two pizzas: the broccoli misti and the prosciutto and arugula.  WOW..what a delicious experience. 
Definitely recommend this place.  Important to note, however, that if you are going all out, things add up and this place gets pricey.  You will also probably need a nap after they roll you out.  Still stuffed!I waited quite a while to try In Riva and I'll begin this review by saying it was worth the wait.
I waited to hear what others were saying. I read reviews, talked to friends who had been in the past, all comments were coming back positive.
Last night, on the occasion of my forty first birthday, I decided it was time to check it out for myself.
We arrived early, our reservation was for 8pm, but we were seated immediately.
We were seated right inside the door which was uncomfortably cold, but that isn't the fault of the staff or the establishment.
Our server immediately brought over a bowl of roasted chickpeas and pistachios which blew my mind. So much so that I'll be making them at home today to take to a Superbowl party tomorrow.
We ordered drinks, the beer selection wasn't great, but it had enough to satisfy. I ordered a caraffe of Bianco. Unusual for me, but it was quite good.
We started with an order of Crispy Artichokes from the Antipasti menu. They were piping hot and just bursting with flavor. The lemon yogurt that they were served over complemented them perfectly.
For our pasta course we shared the Pappardelle, Gnocchi and the Fiondette. All of which were very good, but the Gnocchi was the true standout here. I can truly see that it will wake me up at night, calling to me, begging me to come have it again and again.
We also ordered a pizza. I had a boss once who preached the word of Potato Pizza. He swore that on his many trips to Italy that potato pizza was a true Italian pizza.
I found this very strange, because the idea of a starch on a starch just seemed so redundant. Bullocks to that!
The Potato and Fontina pizza was just delicious. There is no other word to describe its absolute perfection. The crust was more like a freshly made Mediterranean style flatbread than a crust. Crispy, light and airy yet chewy all at the same time.
The toppings almost tasted like a twist on Au Grating potatoes. Sliced paper thin, peppered with prosciutto, leeks and fontina cheese. There was a balance there that I've only ever noticed in Thai food before.
A balance between earthy, salty, sweet and spicy all at the same time.
Each bite was a trip to heaven.
For desert we order the cannoli and the zeppole. Both were okay, not really epic, but okay.
All in all, I'd say In Riva is a win for the East Falls neighborhood, and a great place.
The portions appeared small for the price, but the quality was outstanding. Since I mentioned price, I have to ad that I don't think it was overpriced, I'm just not used to getting actual portion sized portions at a restaurant. They were the perfect size. Enough to be satiated, but not stuffed.Great appetizers, pizza, dessert and service.  In the moment, I felt like I was dining at the best restaurant in America.  The fried artichokes with lemon yogurt were unique and delicious. The spinach pizza with garlic and balsalmic onions was unlike any pie I've ever eaten.  The smoky, puffy, crisp crust was sooo good.  The zeppole for desert ruined any fond memories of amusement park funnel cake forever.  Can't wait to return!this place is a great replacement for Franco's before.  the location is perfect on the river and place like this has been needed in East Falls.  the Pizza is amazing, especially their Burrata and the green sangria is like no other!  saying that the only points off are for the lack of Pasta on the menu, i think it would make the options wider than just pizza for the frequent fliers of the restaurant.Spent a nice evening there with friends. The white sangria was goos and so was the (very small) portion of pea tortellini pasta. The appetizers we had, the crispy artichoke and the charcoal octopus were good but way tooooo salty. Same with the pizzas. The margarita was better than the burrata, but both we too salty.As an East Falls resident, I was excited to check out In Riva and was really hoping it would be as great as it seemed. Fortunately, it was. My meal there was fantastic. For starters, the ambiance of the place is really nice. Cool lighting setup, cute little bar at the front of the restaurant, and a big balcony outside that overlooks the Schuylkill and will be great in the spring. 
The meal started with a complimentary dish of toasted (i think?) nuts that was really tasty and a welcome alternative to the usual basket of bread. We ordered the spicy mussels, which came with a nice, buttery, crusty bread for dipping in the sauce. The sauce, while really tasty, was not really spicy -- my only complaint. 
Our main dish was the cippollini pizza: pancetta, brussel sprouts, goat cheese. An absolutely delicious mix of sweet, salty, and spicy. I loved it. The pizza had a nice char from the wood-fired oven but the crust still remained chewy. 
I do think the restaurant is still figuring itself out a bit. We were sitting at a bar overlooking the kitchen, and our server openly admitted to having a rough time serving us in that area. Also, they serve the pizza on top of a big can of tomatoes, which looks cool, but when the guy brought our pizza he said "watch out, the plate is really hot and unsteady." Not really the best combo; they might want to rethink that. 
However, neither of those things were really a deterrent for me and I will definitely be back. So happy In Riva is here!We had a great time chowing down at this little Italian/pizza joint. Be warned that while all of my friends tried their pizza and loved it, I did not partake. Also, there is technically parking available, but it gets filled up super quickly, so be prepared to wait awkwardly if you come during busy dinner time.
As a large group, we pretty much ordered all of the appetizers, including greco salad, the broccolini caesar salad, the roasted bronzino, crispy artichokes, meatball, chicken parm, asparagus, octopus, short ribs, and a multitude of pizzas including margherita, eggplant, mushroom and zucchii and cipolla. while I can't speak much about the pizza, but heard great things about the cipolla, I really enjoyed the two salads, especially the broccolini and the spicy chicken parm. The asparagus and artichokes were a bit too over-oiled or fried for my taste. The short ribs were decent but just also a bit too fatty. The octopus was a tad bit on the chewy side and given how much it cost with how little were on the plate, I'd likely not get it in the future. I think if you want to eat frugally, the pizza and salad combination is likely the way to go, as the antipasti can add up, but overall, it's a decent, but expensive little Italian joint.
Food: 3-4 stars
Service: 3-4 stars
Price: 2-3 stars
Ambiance: 3 stars4.5 stars for sure!  Puppies and pizzas makes my week.  The pizza crust is remarkable.Oh my goodness I'm in love with this place. My first time here and I'll certain be back! EVERYTHING I tried on the menu was amazing. From drinks to salad and apps to the main course. The staff was very attentive, we never had to ask for a refill. On top  of it they all seemed happy to be here and we're eager to answers any questions about the restaurant and make recommendations. I indulged in the outside seating and loved the riverside view. I couldn't write a negative in this review if I tried. Can't wait to visit again!! Thank you for the great service Nikki!!I have to say, this is the 1st review I have ever made for help, and I feel compelled to do so to save diners from getting ripped off the way I did. My girlfriend and I stopped by here on a Sunday night and were seated right away. Outside looked nice and was interesting being under the highway/road above us. Our server greeted us and asked if this was our first time here. We said yes and from that point it seemed like the scam was on. My gf ordered a glass a wine and he suggested getting a bottle because they offer it half off on Sunday. Seems like a great deal. So I ordered a margherita pizza(tasted good/ not great)and she ordered chicken meatballs. It was a bit cold and the sauce was runny.(and overpriced). So we get the bill and see the bottle was charged for 29 dollars. I ask him about this and he said the bottle costs 59 dollars! I am certainly not a wine know it all so I decided to check the average price of it. THE BOTTLE OF WINE THAT IN RIVA CHARGED US AND OTHER DINERS 58$$$ WAS 10$!!!!
Overall the outside does look nice but the food was mediocre at best and this place is a bunch of scammers. Factor in the smug beer bellied waiter we had and it makes this one of the worst dining experiences I've ever had....IF YOU DINE HERE CHECK THE AVERAGE COST OF WINE AND TELL THEM THEY'RE CHARGING 6 X THE COST. Hopefully this review will deter anybody from getting screwed the way I was.Great place to head to after a bike ride. Pizza was awesome! Whipped ricotta
was spectacular!Great place to sit outside have some beer and delicious  food. I've been here for brunch and dinner, everytime it's been amazing. They also have half off wine night, what could be better than that?I went back to In Riva this past week. I had group of friends visiting from out of state for Terrier Show in Philly and we needed to find a place to dine with our terriers! I had no clue In Riva had a doggy park with tables that are fully serviced by their waitstaff. It was GREAT!! Perfect enclosed area right next to restaurant. Service was excellent, she was super patient with us and our rambunctuous dogs. We ordered a selection of pizzas that were delicious. 
Highly recommend In Riva to people who want to dine and have fun with their dogs!This year old bi-product of the former Franco's Trattoria had it's work cut out for them.  Located on Ridge avenue, it can be easily missed with the busy traffic and multiple businesses clogging East Falls. 
When I first arrived, I had to tip toe my car past the crowded and small parking lot.  As I arrived at the front door with my friend, I noticed the outdoor dog park and benches.  Although a great idea, the first smell I had walking into this new establishment was pizza, grass, and dog shit.  
The interior can be easily mistaken for a high end Italian restaurant.  Everything was re-done from the old restaurant and definitely had a "Continental" feel for it.  
I headed out back where they recently added the outdoor patio.  Service was excellent as we never ran dry.  There was actually a Yelp-sponsored event where a handful of strangers formed mini-circles as they got to know each other like a speed-date event.  Eh, I'd do it for the free food and drinks.
The pizza wasn't bad.  Not sure how else to describe it.  I felt like the toppings were good, but the crush was soggy and I felt like I had to struggle keeping the cheese on the crust itself.  Wasn't the best, and wasn't the worst.  But at that point, I was feeling good from their beer, wine, and specialty drink list.  
The restaurant has a great location and it is definitely a good time, with a friend or a hot first date.  Be sure you have a pack a gum after eating the pizza to round 1st base at the end of the night.I really like In Riva! The atmosphere is great- especially if you can sit outside in the temperate months. As other reviewers have mentioned, the portion sizes are **really** small for what you get. Back when they had tortellini on the menu, I was shocked to be presented with approximately 8 little tortellinis in a bowl. Granted, they're some of the best pasta I've ever tasted, but damnit it was brunch and I was hungover and ready for a big bowl of pasta. Pizza definitely seems to be the way to go if you're looking for filling - and you could totally demolish one of those by yourself. You'll love the food but be prepared to order a lot of it!The food here is pretty delicious. The only thing I can complain about is the portion sizes... that seems to be more of an issue when we get take out, but maybe it is the illusion of the dishes when we dine in. And sometimes there is some inconsistency with the pizza thickness, since I always order a pizza, have noticed a couple of times! 
The whipped ricotta I do have to say is so delicious and despite the inconsistency of the thickness of the pizza, every pizza we have ever tried has been so good. The specialty cocktails are fun and I have enjoyed many of them. The salads are creative as well as the pastas. 
Love coming here! We will be back!I'll cut to the chase: In Riva may be one of the best restaurants in Philly that you've never heard of. I must have gone past it tens of times while driving down Kelly Drive, but I never thought to look up at the kind of nondescript, set-back building and realize it was actually a restaurant. We only tried In Riva after my brother-in-law raved about it, so we thought we'd give it a try with another couple. It was one of the best dinners out we had a long time.
In Riva's website says it specializes in Neopolitan-style wood-fired pizza and antipasti, which isn't entirely accurate because all their courses are equally delicious. I can't remember exactly what we ordered but it included some salumi and formaggi, pea soup, pork ribs, charred octopus, a trio of pastas and a mushroom and zucchini pizza. Everything was delectable. My favorite was the agnolotti with pea, shallot and truffle. It was the best pasta I've had in Philly (my favorite pasta is at L'Artusi in NY), though I hear Vetri's pasta is amazing. 
What makes In Riva so wonderful is that it is so unassuming. It has a casual, dark wood, industrial-feel interior that doesn't ring of pretense, yet the food rivals any of the best-known, heralded nouveau cuisine restaurants in Philly. In fact, the two meals I've had at In Riva have knocked the socks off the past two meals I had at Amada, which used to be my favorite Philly restaurant.
I just noticed Andrew B's negative review and understand that he thinks In Riva may be overpriced. I think because In Riva looks so casual, one would expect the price point to also be casual. I agree the pasta serving size could be bigger. I paid $11 for the agnolotti dish that I ate in a few bites and could have easily downed another order. But, truth be told, we shouldn't eat that much. The price reflects the quality, not quantity, of food.
Philadelphia Magazine recently published the top 50 restaurants in Philly issue, and I eagerly looked for In Riva's name to be listed. Not this year, but hopefully next. It's not to be missed.The three of us had a late lunch. Delicate, tasty eggs Benedict, could have been warmer, was enjoyed by Beverly. Alexander had a delicious personal crusty pizza with goat cheese and pesto with two slices to be brought home. I had perfectly woodfired asparagus with Parmesan cheese. One of our favorite restaurants.Great atmosphere and really well done brick over pizza. The dough was perfect and the toppings were delicious.  I also tried the beef tar tar. It was very tasty and high quality. I wish they had more specials for drinks though. Will return.For the price-which is not cheap for a pizzeria- this place falls far below average. Food was not very good. Also, I went during a time where there were only 3 groups of diners, and the staff out numbered us 2:1. However, it took forever for them to take my table's order, and to get my food, and drink, and did not even receive proper utensils to remove the hot pizza from the dish. 
The whole time the wait staff were chatting behind the barriers by the register. No respect for the individuals who are paying their wages. Idk how the owner isn't more on top of this. It makes your establishment look very bad.I always thought this place looked weird from the outside with all the spray painted signs so I reluctantly tried it after 2 years. Wow - I am so mad I missed out on this place for so long!!! The food was absolutely incredible. I was totally blown away. They had many vegetarian options and the service was great. I can't wait to go back.I've been to In Riva many times for lunch and dinner.  I like coming here more for lunch than dinner.  For dinner, I like a more intimate, dark atmosphere.  I've enjoyed a very diverse crowd every time I've frequented In Riva.  Whenever I'm here I have one of their  pizza's (they're all good) and a drink (the cocktails are phenomenal, and the beer selection). My favorite pizzas are the sausage with peppers and the margarita.  
 The location, atmosphere, and service are great. If you happen to be going into Center City or leaving...it's a welcomed break from the traffic (they have a free parking lot, which I have a love hate relationship with).  I've never had a problem finding parking, regardless. As for the small plates, salads, or the very popular pea soup...They are all either too salty, smokey, or both for my liking. I think It might be a good idea for In Riva to list which plates will complement each other, especially since you can pick three for a fixed price.  Overall, I'm a big fan.This is the go-to place of a friend and I can see why. We ordered the scallop app and the meatball app. Would have preferred one more of each in the serving, but probably because they were SO good. Our Margherita pizza was one of the best I've had. We opted not to drink on a school night (lol) so it kept the bill down. I look forward to going back and sitting on the patio next time.We had a less than stellar experience tonight. We came in for a birthday dinner and I called earlier in the afternoon to see whether they did anything special. They don't, which is fine, but the response I got wasn't the warmest and it's hard to imagine that a birthday dessert is an unusual request. They told me it was "acceptable" for us to bring our own cake. So I don't think I'll keep this place in mind for future celebrations.
Unfortunately our server spilled an entire drink on one of our party members almost immediately after they arrived. It could happen to anyone. It wasn't that big of a deal, although, I'm sure it wasn't very comfortable for him. Everyone dealt with it. The manager made a point to come over and tell us it was our server's first night. We all blew it over- no big deal. I was disappointed at the end of the night, though, to see that nothing at all had been comped to make up for the inconvenience and discomfort. We were a large enough party that there was a substantial check and not even a single cocktail or cup of coffee was spared from the tabulation. 
As for the actual meal- the food was great but it all came out at exactly the same time. We ordered the whipped ricotta vassi, which is an amazing opener, but within minutes of its arrival the pizza came..and then two salads..and then the antipasti and the pasta- all within a span of 5 minutes. Our table was crowded, we felt like they were rushing us out the door, and we couldn't savor the different courses of our meals. To me that was the worst part of the meal (though to our wet friend perhaps that seemed less offensive). The remainder of the service was slow and clunky.
All in all I was really disappointed by a place that I have really enjoyed in the past. We can all appreciate a few mistakes here or there or the bumps in the road that might come with training a new person. She was otherwise a friendly server and was doing well for her first night. But she could have used more guidance and it might have been nice to give a more seasoned server to a large party that made a reservation and made it clear we were celebrating a birthday. 
Food is good but I was very disappointed by the service.This place is an f-ing joke!  The food tastes good but the small portions are ridiculous.  You could spend $100 per person just to feel like you ate an entire meal.  I like tapas and I like the idea of tasting plates, but this restaurant needs to rethink itself.  It's in East Falls not Rittenhouse square and the ambiance is not good enough to justify the the prices.  Its a great restaurant if you want to waste your money and feel like a chump.Thoroughly happy customer that has been frequenting In Riva for years now. It is by far our favorite restaurant, we make it a point to head there at least a couple times a month. Their pizza specials during the week are too good to pass up, service and beer menu is always on point. And perfect ambiance on top of that. This will be my greatest heartbreak when we inevitably move from the Manayunk/East Falls area!I've noticed this place on my way back into the city multiple times down Kelly and when a friend and I went on a nice mid day bike ride along the river looking for something for lunch what better oppurtunity to try it!!
The location is optimal. It's along Kelly right by the river but not too much traffic noise or congestion. The indoor setting was a bit dull and cold but the outdoor dining was perfect. Great views of the river and runners, especially perfect for people watching which I do quite enjoy.
We started with the tomato conserva and oh my goodness it was absolutely amazing. I'd recommend it as a started to anyone. It's a savory, full, salty, onion filled Italian salsa with perfectly toasty bread to spread it on. Then we worked on the kale borrata salad which was a perfect sharing size for 2. The dressing was light and lemony and the burrata  (creamy mozzarella) was to die for. I want to bathe in it!! 
We finished off with a basic Margarita pizza which ended up being my least favorite. The crust was chared abit too much for me and the pizza itself was very soft and smooshy. VERY difficult to use hands I had to eat it was a fork to keep it from falling apart. 
Overall the service was good, food came out quickly however they never refilled our water glasses and it was a pretty warm day out. I would definitely go back though for a nice lunch and go at some more of those salads.They claim to be open until 11:00 on Friday's. Came tonight at 10:25 and the door was locked, hostess shrugged and mouthed they were closed. This early on a Friday!? Horrible business practice. I've been coming here at least twice a month after dinner in the city. So annoyed by this occurrence- I will not be back!!I've gone here three times now and it does not disappoint. 
It's a sure great location by bike or car. The trail directly connect to it. 
The outside dog area is an awesome idea and perfectly executed. Especially for people like me who don't like leaving their mutt at home! 
My two favorite dishes are the meatballs and the broccoli César salad.Very pleasant dining, particularly on the outdoor deck overlooking the Schuylkill and its busy adjacent sidewalks. Did not try the pizzas, but they looked and smelled good as they went by. A broccolini salad was a generous portion, with long shavings of Parmigiano and prosciutto. Some bread accompanying it would've been nice. The famous meatballs were...different, with a veal-tomato sauce and pine nuts; very good, but some bread accompanying it would've been nice. At $11, though, for three average-size meatballs? I thought that was a bit high. A sea scallop appetizer was quite good also, but at $15 for just two scallops, that was a bit high. Some bread accompanying it would've been nice. A small dollop of spaghetti with rock shrimp and a two cooked slices of cappacolle (gobagool?) in a spicy tomato and squid ink sauce looked disgusting on the plate, but was delicious. At $14 for such a small portion, I thought it was, as they say in the trade, a bit high, and some bread accompanying it would've been nice, to mop up the sauce.
If someone else is paying, you'll love In Riva.
All employees were efficient and most kind indeed. Hopefully one of them will think, "Hey! We  know how to make great pizza crust! Why don't we roll some into loaf shapes and make bread to slice for the patrons' delicious appetizers and entrees? They'll say we're nice!"Something I wish I had known prior to arriving here (which is super helpful to know) is that the non-pizza items here are somewhat tapas style. So that being said, this place ends up being somewhat pricier than you would think. We ended up ordering about 10 different ~$15 plates and 1 pizza for 4 people. We weren't planning on spending that much when initially looking at the menu online, but still glad we came because everything was amazing!
I drove by this place a million times on my commute along Kelly drive, and finally decided to give this place a try. I must say, everything was better than I expected it to be! We needed to order some veggie options so I reluctantly agreed to getting the pea ravioli... which actually blew my mind! Salads are fresh, flavors are incredible, and textures of all pasta and meat are perfect. You can pretty much order anything on the menu here and you will be happy... Even I, the meat lover, who also had to eat a vegan pizza that night, left more than satisified.Ok so I went to this place several months ago, maybe January? And can't believe I haven't left a review yet. To be honest I don't remember the exact name of my dish but it was some type of truffle bucatini. There are no words. Just incredible. In full disclosure I'm a sucker for truffle anything, and pasta, so this was kind of a no brainer. Can't wait to go back now that it's nice out!Have been living in East Falls for a few months now and I've driven past In Riva more times then I can count. Finally got a chance to try it out for Happy Hour on a Friday. Never can complain about $3 Drafts and a nice selection of food. Very authentic, Italian menu. We got wood fire pizzas that were extremely well made and had great crust. Liked the ambience both indoor and outdoor.Awesome place for dinner on the patio. Great place to watch the Manayunk bike race. The meat and cheese pairing is always a good choice.great food, but the waiter kept staring at my gf. good job, creep-o.We drove a distance and had high expectations and they were all met or exceeded. The wait staff was truly great. Our waitress really cared that we had a good experience and was patient and knowledgeable. Her recommendations were excellent. The food was top notch starting with the addictive chick peas and pistachios that were brought out to munch on as we looked over the menu. We started with a  nice assortment of the Salumi and Formaggi and it was delicious complimented with a honey dipping sauce as well as a spicy sauce.   The Pepperonata and Riva chopped salad were recommendations that also were great. The Aggrodolce ribs and Mommy's meatballs were unique in that the sauces that accompanied them were very different and not at all like what you would expect. No plain tomato sauce here but a deep tasty wine sauce of some kind .Our Cippolini pizza was one of the best pizza's we have ever eaten. The brussels sprouts were cooked so well every kid would love them and the crust was charred just enough to be tender and delicious in the center. All in all a terrific meal and atmosphere.In Riva was perfect for a dinner and movie date night! We went to a 10:45 movie and sat at dinner at 8:30 and it was perfect timing. The food came slow enough but not too slow so that we could enjoy each course. 
Now onto the food: we had the whipped ricotta, the beet salad, and the Greca pizza. Everything was amazing. I think the beet salad was my favorite - it was just perfectly refreshing for the weather. The mascarpone cheese was a perfect touch to the fresh beets and fresh strawberries. The pizza was exactly how I like it - perfectly crisp and thin. I wish we were able to stay for dessert.
Our waitress was also great and very attentive. I cannot wait to go back!This place has quickly become our regular spot. The ricotta cheese, rosemary potatoes, and beets salad are just delightful!!
Aside from being a little too salty... Everything is good. The ambiance, the service, the charm.... :)Great pizza, good beer, fantastic outdoor deck, lovely staff, dog dining area.... Can't fault this place. I'm now a regular.In Riva is conveniently located off of Kelly Drive near the falls bridge. We came here around 7pm for dinner and drinks. We heard they have a great happy hour but were too late this time. 
The food came out promptly and was delicious. We tried the margarita pizza, the edamame crab ravioli and the meatballs. All were great and sharing was a great choice so we could sample everything. We also has their signature drink the Riva Spritz which was really refreshing for a summer night. We sat at the bar which was really busy---they had one person making drinks for the bar and the entire restaurant.  Our server was very friendly despite being noticeably busy. Would definitely return to try more menu items.I hosted a pizza making party for my clients a few weeks ago and I gotta say, it was one of the coolest things I've done in a while.  The staff was beyond amazing with educating my group on the ins & outs of making perfect pizza dough, along tutoring us on the science of toppings and pairing our entire experience with wonderful flights of wine (almost bottomless glasses!), it impressed everyone that attended.  I can't wait to come back and have the pizza again, it was amazing.  Every side dish and appetizer we were served was better than the last.  The employees took pictures of our party while we were crafting our masterpieces and I got to spend more time with my clients.  Overall, A+++ evening.  Can't wait to come in the spring/summer and sit on the back patio.  Bonus?  They have a side patio for our four legged friends!Great Atmosphere and food! Must try the whipped ricotta its fabulous! Their pizzas are delightful and fresh! They also have a great selection of beer! I highly recommend this restaurant, it also has a great view of Kelly Drive!Very good. The great place to get some bottled talian beers you haven't seen before. The pizza was awesome as well. And Dawn the bartender really knew her stuff and very friendly as well.