Went here with a friend after having an incredible experience at Laurel and was hoping for more of the same at a slightly less bulgy pricepoint, and oh my, is it worth it...    ITV is the kind of place that i dream about, beautiful small room, dimly lit but you can see ( as opposed to some places) and you want to see everything.  Everything in the room is beautiful including a lot of the staff, (im trying to give you the full picture here).   First thing to hit the table (or bar in this case) was a three dollar beef fat biscuit that was the best thing ive eaten in this city all year.  I verbally communicated that message to Chef Nick Elmi who graced us with his presence in the dining room (just as before at Laurel).    We went on to eat many more things which i will try to name now... Stars were Foie with Apricot Miso, Pork Cheeks with some insanely good vegetables, trout pumpernickel soldiers and one of the best cocktails ive had in a damn long time, the ouroboros.   The are playing around with cold smoking things in there and on their BAR MENU!   Honestly, place is just terrific and i meant to write this review sooner but hey... better late than never.  Now that i think of it, im getting hungry... maybe ill head to East Passyunk for some of the best this city has to offer!For cocktails, try the "Kali". Bourbon, hibiscus, lillet, sparkling wine. Damned refreshing.What a great place.  The bar is the center piece, but the dining area is beautiful and quaint.  The food is memorizing, everything in pretty little packages.  The drinks are incredible.  The people are the best.  I will return!  Its in a line with a couple of the best places in south philly, great block!First time here...and whoa! Clam beignets!  That's right you heard me...clam beignets and they were good...this guy is unbelievable...laurel and ivt... omg! Go...go...go!Love this place, food is absolutely amazing! Nick has done it again, absolutely wonderful and original with a really nice variety for you to chose from, drinks are amazing too! It's a nice way to get to Laurel quality without having to wait for reservations! A must try for foodies!I've wanted to come here since the opening but I was was afraid it was going to be packed so I figured I'd wait a bit until the newness wore off and hopefully the crowds wouldn't preclude me from sitting down and checking this place out. I made a crucial mistake in waiting so long since with a place like this, you want to go as much as you can.
The wine selection was awesome and the cocktails too but what makes this place awesome is that Nick Elmi didn't skimp on the quality of the food. It is quite excellent!
Loved it a lot. Will be coming back a lot more often!I came here with a friend recently and we sat outside because the weather was gorgeous. I started with the Rosa Muerta (Amaro, Bourbon, Reposado Tequila, Cherry Liqueur). I didn't like it - it tasted like cough syrup. Too sweet, too syrupy. My friend had an I'd Rather Be Fishing (Sotol, Pamplemousse, Fennel, Cucumber, Jalapeno). She also didn't like hers. Something of an odd aftertaste. Not the greatest start, but we'd been there before and knew it could be good. For our second round, we both did a seasonal offering. I believe it was called a Rum Johnnie Rum. Delicious. I forget what exactly it had in it. Obviously rum, some tropical fruit like pineapple, maybe mango or orange, and something else. It was great. Basically juice, but in a good way. We had two rounds of that one. 
For food, we each got the biscuit. We were sad that now they were duck fat; they used to be beef fat. They were still good, but lacked the savory depth of the beef fat ones. The honey chive butter was still amazing. She also ordered the puffed pork chips with sour cream and onion dip. We'd had these before, too, and they as delightful as we remembered. The crispness and flavor of the chips - yum! The dip is pretty good, but not my favorite. She had the ricotta gnocchi, which I think she liked. I had the rabbit schnitzel - scrumptious. Large. Basically like a pork schnitzel, with a very slightly different texture. 
The service was also good. Friendly, and she mostly didn't forget about us even though we were sitting outside.I love this place. Can't go wrong with the food or the drinks. 
Must haves:
1) beef fat biscuit (I can't have enough!)
2) puffed pork chips
3) chicken liver stroopwafle
4) smoked trout rillette
5) drinks: drunken farmer, the Konrad 
The caviar service was good, but pales in comparison to the other must haves.Very disappointing experience- none of the food that is advertised on the website and pictured on yelp is actually served in-house. Selection is limited to literally 5 menu items (thats all for apps and dinner). Even the regular bar menu that is served during the week wasn't available on a Saturday. Drinks are ok but nothing to come back for....3 drinks cost 60$)I don't get it. I really don't. This is a review for drinks only. My husband and I went after a happy hour down on Passyunk to grab one last drink and finally check out ITV. Our server was a bit slow to get to our table and there seemed to be an air of resentment when we said we were only drinking. We both ordered the drink called 4 down, 7 letters and my husband really liked it. I guess I underestimated the Campari a bit (like a dumbass) but I was not a fan of mine. The service was painfully slow even though a table of 6 had been checked on several times while we were waiting to place our drink orders. From a practicality standpoint I get it- bigger table usually equals bigger tips esp. when they are getting food but how about not being so obvious about it? 
We waited for several minutes and I usually would rather die than return a well mixed drink to the bar but as it was my last drink of the night and I really couldn't get past the bitterness of the Campari, so I waited for more than a few minutes to kindly ask the server if she would mind switching out my drink (a bit of a pain in the ass I know) but she never checked on how we liked our drinks so my husband decided to go upto the bar and ask directly. They were all professional about it but you could tell there was a bit of irritation there. The server wasn't downright rude but there was a not friendly, resentful air to the whole thing. Some of the staff needs to work on their friendliness.  
Did I mention a lot of the menu seemed a bit overpriced even for Passyunk? My best advice is to save your money and just splurge on Laurel one night- its absolutely worth it and the service we received there was not the least bit pretentious or resentful.I went there for happy hour, and loved it! 2 drinks and 3 apps (crab potato beignet, puffed pork chips, and beef tartare) from the happy hour menu, chicken liver mousse stroopwafel and beef fat biscuit from regular menu, $40. It was a steal!So annoyed. My wife and I decided to try ITV after hearing all the buzz. Made a reservation via Open Table. They require a credit card so we've been trying to modify our reservation to accommodate a time change but Open Table won't let you modify the reservation - instead you have to call. The problem is they don't answer the phone. I suggest you try somewhere else that actually gives good service and isn't annoying. Won't bother going back.It really a 0 for the service (because of the waitress) we had. The food was 3.5 stars inventive and interesting. But this review is for the owner and the customer to be aware of our experience first and will sadly will be last. 
We arrived on a nice afternoon they were not busy, we were seated not to long after so far so good. As soon as the waitress (dark hair, with nose ring) approached us we politely said hello, and right away I can sense the attitude in her face and demeanor. OK...? not sure why?? We ask for menus and proceed with our order, again she didn't seem too happy that we wanted to order from the Happy Hour menu, umm... ok??? We have never been here so we wanted to test thing out, but why does that matter?? Moving on, the appertizers were good so we decided to stay for dinner, drinks were not bad so we order a second round. Ok, here the next interesting part, so we ask about the Lamb course and she turn up the attitude, saying "I don't eat LAMB!!" Oh... OK...? So now we know you don't eat LAMB thanks so very much for letting us know your preference. Should I apologized for asking, I mean it's on the menu! But the last time I check I didn't ask Do you eat LAMB? Did I miss waitress? You have Lamb on the menu so it's your job to explain the dish to your customer and not put your own opinion and feeling on my dinner. We didn't ask you to. Thanks!! So when she said she didn't eat Lamb with chucks full of attitude and judgement on us as meat eater. Oh, no how dare us??!!! I told her we eat them all!! She turned and gave me a silent side stare/glare. Again, your job is to served and be respectful of your customer decision about what to order and eat. 
The lamb turn out to be a great dish it was a first time on the menu and we applauded the chef for creating the dish. I hope that the manager and the owner know that we like their inventive food and cocktails, but due to the waitress that served us unfortunately we will not return. It's a shame restaurant have nice potential.Great little place.  Everything is delicious and beautifully presented.  Love the pork puffs!  Can't get enough.  The rabbit schnitzel is amazing.  Will keep coming back.I have been here a handful of times and am thoroughly impressed each visit. I loved the cocktails, the food, the ambience, and especially the bartenders. We always sit at the bar and enjoy a few drinks and snacks. The staff is very knowledgeable, and able to describe the menu items (both food and drink) so there are no surprises. I'm a very casual diner so I head over to Passyunk Ave. in the hopes of finding two barstools together at ITV, with a couple backup restaurants in mind. About 80% of the time I'm successful in doing so. The bar is usually steady but not uncomfortably full. I can't wait to return!Popped in early on Labor Day weekend expecting a quick in and out. Spent a highly enjoyable 2  hours at the bar sampling Elmi's creative food, eclectic wines and outstanding craft cocktail along with the engaging service.  Shared half a dozen small plates. Highlights were the Trout Rilette, the shrimp and the stroopwaffle (who would think that chicken liver and plum agrodolce would be so good together).  While there was only one dessert on the menu, the white peach pie was heavenly.
Thinking about the wine - never thought of the Canary Islands as a source of a good wine and each cocktail was better than the one before.  Looking forward to returning to try the items we missed on our first visit.Caviar Service.
Puffed Pork Chips/Sour Cream /Wild Onion.
Hamachi Crudo/Grapefruit/Black Olive/Sesame.
Smoked Trout Rillette/Pumpernickel Soldiers/Trout Roe/Radish.
Little Neck Clams/Pancetta/Scallion Broth.
Ricotta Gnocchi/Lobster/Sourdough Bread Crumbs.
Concord Grape Chouquettes.
DELICIOUS, Mouthwatering, DELICIOUS, Exciting, DELICIOUS...
We REALLY REALLY wanted to try Laurel, but due to schedule restraints, we are THRILLED that this alternative was available for us. 
Did I mention that it was DELICIOUS?!?!Went here during the Miracle Christmas takeover. The place was tastefully decorated and the staff was very attentive, even though the place was standing room only for drinks. The drinks were crafted with the holiday in mind, and you could taste it in every sip. 
Enjoyed the visit and would visit again.Had drinks and apps at the bar before dinner reservations at Fond. It was great. It reminded me of "Le Bar Lyonnaise ,down stairs at Le Bec Fin. Very handsome space , a real professional bartender making bumping drink specials. And the apps we had were great . Happy hour is a real bargain. I can't wait to go back and eat for real. Wonderful concept!Finally got to try Nick Elmi's new place last week and here is how it went:
We got there around 6:30pm - not too crowded and were seated by the window counter area.  The place is smaller and intimate, definitey a cute date spot.  We made it in time to take advantage of the happy hour menu.  We got the Domaine de la Bregeonnette,
Muscadet Sevre et Maine, it was delicious, not a sweet white. 
Each of the happy hour dishes were $5 
Surf clam beignets - hard pass.  I did not enjoy this really.  It came with 4 beignets on a giant clam shell.  Only I did not taste any clam.  The other part of the beignet was crispy but the inside was so mushy, had the consistency of mash potatoes. I don't know if this is how it was intended to be, but it was not appetizing at all. 
Wagyu Tartare, Pumpernickel Soldiers, Cured Egg - very delicious!  the pumpernickel bread it was topped on was so perfected fried.
Puffed Pork Chips, Wild Onion and Sour Cream - super good, it's sophisticated pork rinds with an addicting sour cream sauce
Smoked Trout Rillette, Pumpernickel Soldiers - it was the same pumpernickel bread with a different topping. Probably should only get one or the other.  I enjoyed the wagyu beef version more
Artic char crudo - I was a little disappointed in this dish.  It was overly salty. Possibly because of the olives involved but I really only ordered this because the hamachi crudo was not on the menu for that night
Ricotta Gnocchi/Lobster/Sourdough Bread Crumbs.- these were the highlight of the meal.  Lumps of lobster with heaven like little pillows of gnocchi.  I would want to eat this again.
I ended the night with a cocktail - the kirby, light and refreshing!I've been to this establishment twice now about a month apart. I found the food to be average gourmet. My last visit will be my last, as only 1 out of the 3 dishes ordered were good, which was the ricotta gnocchi. The drinks were good, somewhat creative, but again, most places are. It might sound a bit harsh, but the gnocchi was the first thing I ordered, so when the second and third weren't very good, I stopped ordering and went down the street to continue eating. I should mention that the service was very good, despite how busy they were.I have been here a few times and really only have good things to say!! When it is on the menu, the venison tartare is notable!! Good wine list and happy hour specials.my third 4+ star review for nick elmi! ITV will not disappoint. good size bar (over 10 seats!) for a small restaurant in east passyunk. their bartenders are incredibly knowledgeable and they have daily citywide special deals! food menu is small but rich - definitely try the biscuit! beef or duck fat and amazing honey chive butter. ::drool:: the gnocchi, Schnitzel and pork cheeks were amazing. definitely recommend a visit!Killer cocktails, great food, and a pleasantly-relaxed vibe. Chef Elmi is two for two with ITV.
The bartenders here are on point. I've had dinner, drinks, and dessert here in every possible permutation of those three options and they've consistently delivered. It's an enjoyable time every time.
One of the best late-night snacks in the city: Death Star + Beef Fat Biscuit.ITV is Chef Nicholas Elmi's newest offering on Passyunk, located adjacent to Laurel. ITV features the same great service and its dishes are similarly well-crafted, innovative, and beautifully plated, but with a much more relaxed atmosphere and a more casual if somewhat limited menu.
First off, ITV is more of a bar that offers (excellent) food than a restaurant. Drinks occupy five-sixths of the menu, with an extensive offering of wines by the bottle and by the glass, beers, ciders, and sophisticated mixed drinks. The food menu has a limited selection (~12 to 15 items) of affordable, tapas-style mix of small plates (~$8) and slightly larger offerings (~$15).
Our party of four stopped by for dinner and ordered just about everything on the menu. Small plates highlights included the beautifully plated hamachi crudo with ribbons of refreshing radish in a tangy buttermilk sauce, the intensely smokey trout rillette tartines, chicken liver and jam sandwiched between crunchy stroopwafels - a pleasing combination of sweet and savory, the delicately fried and seasonally sweet tempura pole beans, and the crackling pork rinds with a buttermilk-dill sauce, which arrived at our table still crackling and are, in my opinion, the pinnacle of bar food.
From the larger plate selection, we especially enjoyed the shrimp in a mild cajun sauce with avocado and the sesame-crusted lamb ribs, which were tender and intensely flavorful. We also ordered the fried chicken, which was very good, but a bit on the bland side. The chicken also came with a side of cornbread, which was amazing - especially the scallion butter.
The service was friendly, attentive, and knowledgeable about the drinks and food menus. Our waitress checked in with us throughout the meal and was attentive to our drinks - excellent service for a bar. The food comes out as it is made and is served in easily shareable portions, ensuring a steadily paced meal and good conversation as we marveled over how delicious each dish was.
Overall, ITV was certainly not what I was expecting - and also exceeded expectations. Rather than a restaurant, I would classify it as a bar with a smaller but clearly well thought-out food menu and three sit-down tables in the back room. There are enough dishes that one can eat a filling and varied dinner - and the menu seems seasonal, so I imagine dish offerings may change every few months. ITV offers a more affordable and relaxed way to experience the mastery of Elmi's cooking, perfect for lighter meals and late-night bites with lively conversation.Beef fat biscuit!!!! Get it! Done! Good! This place is delicious. Good service and all of the five dishes we ordered were amazing. Really loved the salad and dessert. Cocktails are great as wellIt's open for a year and just recently checked it out. Well-crafted cocktails in an intimate atmosphere makes for a great spot for happy hour or pre-dinner drinks. They also do their version of a City-wide special and changes frequently.Amazing spot for a couple glasses of wine and small plates! The short rib was out of this world!! Seriously my favorite thing I had in so long! Not to mention the friendliest bartender was so hospitable.Bottomline: Grab some well-done cocktails while savoring haute cuisine!
AREA: Passyunk Avenue is home to a string of excellent restaurants with excellent bar programs to boot. It was about time to place the bar front and center and let the rest follow! Laurel (multiply named Best Restaurant in Philadelphia) is a BYO that was just begging for a nextdoor neighbor to showcase excellent drinks. Its wish was soon granted.
DRINKS: Seasonally-inspired creations plumb lesser-known ingredients and find a role for them in classically based cocktails. The Manhattan variant with amaro accent was tastefully done to showcase a flavor profile outside of the usual Chartreuse/Cynar/Montenegro suspects.
FOOD: Of course sharing a wall with the Best Restaurant in Philly has its perks. But instead of serving a Laurel-centric menu, the offerings are independent, unique, and complement the drinks well.Dear ITV - ILY (I love you), and lots.  There is not enough that can be said about this amazing restaurant/bar.  The decor is cozy and warm, its small and inviting, the only downside is that if you need to wait for your table there isn't much room. The cocktails are delicious, and inventive and the wine list is pretty extensive!  It's mostly a tapas style restaurant, which I am obsessed with, so you get to try so many of the amazing dishes.  A group of 6 of us ordered most things on the menu.  It may have been a little much, but every bite was worth it. Honestly, as all of the other reviews here say the food is just exceptional, everything was a stand out but don't pass over the lobster gnocchi, the stroopwaffle, or the rabbit.  You can tell how much thought went into every dish, and they are perfectly balanced.   The food is unique and the experience is perfection. It looks like they have a great happy hour as well! All in all, you cannot go wrong with this place!What a gem of a place. That's all I should need to say about ITV, but I will say more. I am a fan of any place that has an upscale but friendly atmosphere, and ITV is serving that and more. From the bartenders to the food runners to the drink menu to the small bites, I can't say nicer things about my first experience at ITV. As thrilled as I am with my experience there, I'm cursing myself for not taking notes on what I was consuming - I can literally only remember a delicious cocktail with grapefruit juice in it (even then I can only verify a citrus juice), the crackling pork rinds, and the best green salad I've ever had (or at least rivaling Amada). I feel like there was a fish-based dish that I consumed, but this is what happens when you drink more than you eat (which is super tempting given the amazing drink menu). Since we sat at the bar, we were waited on by the bartender, and he was both informative and a skilled drink maker. I can completely understand why people frequent ITV, and I may have to start coming for the happy hour (people rave about it).Was looking for In the Valley on Yelp per my airbnb host's recommendation and could not find it, but luckily I walked by it while exploring Passyunk Ave. 
I stopped by for a drink, the bartender was super nice and friendly. The drink she made was really good too. Cute little cocktail bar in the neighborhood type with beautiful lights inside. 
If you are in the area, I highly recommend this place.This place is excellent! Went for happy hour, which is definitely one of the best kept secrets around. It's certainly more of a "higher end" happy hour but the drinks were fabulous and the small plates were delicious delicious! Ordered a few small plates off of the regular menu as well.
Standouts: Smoked trout rillette, chicken liver mousse and the beef fat biscuit with scallion honey butter (!!)
This is definitely a go to from now onStopped here for my first time and loved it.  It's a great cozy lounge and food & drinks were great; like Laurel great.  I usually like to stop a few times before I yelp but Im more than confident that this was not a fluke.
Great spot.Cocktails are great but only giving it 2 stars because the service is terrible. can't speak for the entire staff but every time I've stopped in, whether by myself or with friends, for a few drinks the bartender and servers act like they're doing you a huge favor by taking your order. 
The air of entitlement from the staff is beyond a turn off. I gave this place over 5 chances, as it's close to my home. 
Never again. 
There are too many other spots on East Passyunk Ave with cocktails just as good with fantastic service.When I read that Elmi was opening a new place I was excited, as I was lucky enough to get reservations at Laurel once and I still think it's the best meal I've ever had in Philly. They are still working out the kinks here (I was served chilled red wine which was odd), but overall the menu and cocktails don't disappoint. If you can't get a table at Laurel then this is not far off.My friends and I stopped by for some late night food and snacks and had a great time. It's quite small but very intimate. we got the puffed pork chips and the beef fat biscuit which were so good! The puffed porch chips remind me of a crispier pork rind with this sour cream and onion type dip. The biscuit was perfectly baked with tons of flavor. Overall, I would definitely come back and try their entrees!Great Spot !  The 3 of us had early Thursday night dinner reservations (before 7pm) which qualified us for their Happy Hour specials - including certain drinks and $5 snacks.  Both drinks ordered from the special list were very good.  We ordered all 3 of the Snacks (Crispy Cauliflower, Salmon Tartare, and Wagyu Beef Tartare) and they were outstanding and quite large.
The menu is a two-sided affair with more drinks than food.  We started at the top and other than the caviar service, ordered the next 4 items for us to share (Beef Fat Biscuit, Chicken Liver Mousse, Smoked Trout Rillettes and the Puffed Pork Chips).  Again, all were delicious.  The only slight disappointment was the Chocolate cake we had for dessert.
So with 4 drinks and 3 coffees, the bill, before tip, was around $104.  There didn't seem to be all that many tables in the place, so be sure to make a reservation.  The bar area was packed the entire time we were there and we can see why.
On our next visit, we plan to explore the rest of the outstanding looking menu.I loved everything about this place!  The decor, the ambiance, the service.  We had food and drinks here as an early New Year's Eve dinner and everything was fantastic.
We started with a glass of the bartender's recommendation of a 2005 Gaston Chiquet Brut.   As a first appetizer, we ordered the pork puffs which was house made pork rinds "chicharrones". Light, airy, not too salty and paired well with the housemade sour cream and chive sauce.
Next was the lobster gnocchi.  Small gnocchi pillows which were soft and melted in your mouth.  The lobster pieces perfectly cooked.   
For the main meal, we had the rabbit schnitzel.  Amazingly tender, with just the right amount of breading.  Highly recommend!
Last but not least, we had their special pot de creme.  Omg!  It was sweet and salty and just so good.
Overall, such a great experience.  The wine list is extensive and the food options are unique but has offerings for all foodies!I visited ITV for the first time with renowned Philly Yelpers/good friends Steph S. and Katrina C. the Saturday before Christmas. We got lucky and arrived just as a group was exiting, so we secured seats at the front window across from the bar. Perfect for photo ops with the Christmas decor!
It took some time to order and attain our drinks, so we paid at the same time since we had another stop planned for the night. Steph and I ordered the Run Run Rudolph (gin cocktail). It was $14 but worth the pricetag. Seriously delicious and like no other cocktail I had before. And also perfectly festive.
It was pretty packed inside but it was a nice place to visit with a small group to tack on some extra holiday cheer.Came here for the first time during the Miracle pop up for cocktails. It was so perfect. Drinks were amazing and I loved the kitschy decor which helped put me in the Christmas spirit. Can't wait to come back and try the food.  All the things Chef Elmi does.My favorite place for a cocktail or glass of wine. Love the ambience and the bartenders are great. There is a female bartender with short curly hair, I don't know her name, but she is phenomenal and has made delicious custom cocktails for me. I have never eaten here so I can't comment on the food.Delicious cocktails, beautiful space, great small plates. Overall- if you need a place to meet someone (just one person, this place is tiny) for drinks and want an upscale vibe this is the spot. Make sure you get here early or are fine with tight quarters as there's not a lot room. However, you won't be dissapointed with the creative cocktails and impressive wine list. Don't expect reasonable prices but you will have a drink that your bartender spent at least 5 minutes crafting by hand.Came here for dinner last night and enjoyed every aspect of our experience!
ITV, which stands for "In the Valley," is known as the casual sibling of Chef Nicholas Elmi's other establishment, Laurel (which I also loved). We arrived at 7:30 for our dinner with another couple and observed that the bar scene was very vibrant for a Tuesday night. Not a surprise once I noticed their unique Happy Hour menu (M-F 5-7pm). At this point I realized this prompts another visit soon!
We were led to the rear part of the restaurant which holds 3 tables in a dimly lit area. Perfect for a date (in our case double date). In addition to the standard dinner food/drinks menu there was also a "City Wide Series" drink menu which featured options with a twist on the "city wide" which is traditionally a beer/whisky combination. In my case I opted for a sake (in a cool can)/ Japanese whisky combination which was excellent.
We ordered the following (see photos):
-Chicken liver mouse
-Beef fat biscuit w/ chive butter
-Smoked trout rillette (topped w/ trout roe)
-Squid tempura special
-Ricotta gnocchi
-Grilled scallops
-Pork cheeks
Without going into the details of each dish, in summary everything was well executed. Portions are similar to tapas although as you go down the food menu the dishes progress from appetizers to entrees and the portions also become more substantial. Our cheapest dish was $3 (the biscuit, which we ordered 2 for the table) and the most expensive (pork cheeks) was $24, which I thought was very reasonably priced considering the quality of the dishes. The flavors and textures were all on point.
Don't forget it's NOT BYO, but it's because there's an impressive wine collection. Another thing to note is there's a Caviar Service (either $60 or $120). We didn't explore this luxury last night but seems like a great idea if there's an occasion to warrant the splurge.
Lastly it was sweet that our waitress confirmed our friend's nut allergy (which I was asked about when making the reservation) and kindly pointed out dishes to avoid!My SO and I went to ITV since the other place we wanted to check out was too crowded. I'm glad I did. We stayed at the bar area. The atmosphere was inviting, fun, and very casual. You could hear music playing in the background, not too loud that you have to yell across the room for the other to hear. I got the house made wine and I would totally recommend it to anyone! It has a mild sweet flavor that hit the right spot, you would want a second. It was that good! My SO got the 4 Down 7 Letters. It was okay in my opinnion. Since it has a smoky flavor, to me, that flavor was a bit too strong, remind me of bbq sauce. 
We also got the chicken liver mousse which was pretty good, better than I expected! 
The ambience was chill and very relaxing with low lighting.This new wine bar in Philly was recommended by a client of mine and she nailed it.  Laid back, casual atmosphere with very unsual menu. Loved the tiradito! The squid in tempura was pretty decent too, but the pork cheeks were my favorite. Absolutely delicious.  Cool wine list, but it starts at $12 per glass going up to $17.  Not sure if they offered them or not, but I would have liked the option to order wine flights. One of my top culinary experiences in the US this year.This is exactly the kind of bar I'm looking for at this point of my life.  This point in my life can be further defined as a time when I prefer a well crafted cocktail, a knowledgeable bartender, and well executed appetizers.  ITV allows me to enjoy all of those along with an audible conversation. It's a perfect place for a date, catching up with friends, or just enjoying a great cocktail and bite.Incredible cocktails. Solid bartenders. Feel free to ask for them to tweak their own recipes. Love this spot  
Great to add into your East Pass bar hoppin' night or great for a relaxing date.This is a sweet spot. The inside is small but intimate. Soft, hanging fairy lights, just enough dimness..but not too dim. We hung out here for about an hour and a half drinking Manhattans and eating delicious appetizers before our dinner reservation at Noord. The cheddar biscuits are super tasty as well as the fall-apart braised short rib. The Manhattans were pretty great too. I definitely recommend  this cozy, sipping-spot.We had reservations at 7:30pm on a Friday night. As we were being seated, instead of saying hello or introducing herself to us, our waitress tells us that our table has another reservation at 9:30pm. There's tactful ways of communicating that to guests- that was not the way.  
Anyways, that's how our entire 2 hour dinner went. The service was a bit on the awful side, entirely because of that server. She never did introduce herself. Unlike other restaurants in upscale restaurants, she didn't offer any cocktail or menu highlights. Actually, she didn't speak a lot at all. After she took our order, she didn't say anything, just nodded her head.
The food was good as was expected. Service was blah.One of my family's oldest and dearest friends happens to be quite the foodie. Before I ventured home to Philly for Thanksgiving, this friend urged us to make a reservation at ITV, Nick Elmi's newest business venture. She happens to be best friends with Jonathan Cohen, Elmi's business partner, so she's committed to getting the word out about this place. Luckily, we managed to book far enough in advance to score one of the few tables in this small but mighty eatery. Though I haven't been to Laurel (Mr. Elmi's four-bell, fine dining spot, adjacent to ITV), the food at ITV is apparently quite different--here, a more casual but equally innovative a la carte menu. Our night at ITV was divine, punctuated by standout service (food comes out FAST!). 
ITV is a small space. In the front half of the restaurant, seating options are limited to the bar/a high top against the window. In the back, four or five small tables in dim, intimate lighting. ITV is as much of a bar as it is a restaurant, so alcohol is very much on display here. The bar area is gorgeous and stocked with plenty of fancy bottles. Most bar-restaurant hybrids tend to excel in one area alcohol-wise, oftentimes at the expense of others. Not the case here. ITV boasts a well-curated drink list with equal care given to beer, wine and liquor. 
Though the cocktail menu doesn't immediately strike a person as exciting, these drinks have that "fancy" quality to them. It can't really be described by way of flavor, but you know it when you experience it. These are like that. Well-balanced, high-quality ingredients and super tasty. I tried the Drunken Farmer (Bourbon, Fig Leaf, Egg White) and the Kirby (Gin, Genepy, Aperol, Lime) which were both fantastic. Given the egg white, the Drunken Farmer was a bit lighter but still in line with fall flavors. The Kirby, though shaken (I believe), was on the stronger side but fruitier/more sour than the first. Can't go wrong. The food was still the star, though. Eats, below:
Hamachi Crudo, Grapefruit, Black Olive, Sesame: A-
Perfect starter. Light and gently wakes the palate up. Delicate flavors, nice and citrusy. Didn't wow us, but a great first dish. 
Puffed Pork Chips, Sour Cream and Wild Onion: A
Fun artistic touch that you need to look out for if you're seated in dim lighting: the dip, spread in a crescent shape along the side of your plate. We almost missed this sophisticated sour cream and onion dip on the side! In any case, this is the most elevated pork rinds/dip combo I'll probably ever come into contact with. Another fabulous starter. Light and airy but still quite flavorful. 
Beef Fat Biscuit, Scallion Honey Butter: A
This one was just for my bf, but I gave it a try. Not surprisingly, it was magical. Flaky and decadent. 
Chicken Liver Stroopwaffle, Plum Agrodolce: N/A
Both of us tend to dislike chicken liver. Which is a shame, because I can tell that I would have loved this preparation had my taste buds developed differently. The waffles and plum were a yummy sweet/savor combo, but we sadly had to set this one aside. 
Smoked Trout Rillette, Pumpernickel Soldiers, Trout Roe, Radish: A+++
The star of the night. I can't even describe why these were so good, but they were perfection. The rillette was heavenly. The bread was spongy but crispy. The roe was plain luxurious. A masterpiece. 
Bacon and Wild Burgundy Snail Ragout, Mushroom, Jimmy Red Polenta, Soft Poached Egg: A+
What a special, creative dish this was. Everything worked together in perfect harmony, here. I have a quirk where I like to eat dishes one component at a time, but this one's best just mixing everything together--poached egg and all. Rich, warm, hearty and bursting with flavor. My bf had never tried snails prior to this night, so it was a fantastic introduction to him. I tend to avoid polenta, but this preparation managed to touch my heart. Well done. 
Little Neck Clams, Pancetta, Scallion Broth: A
A thoughtful, yummy seafood dish. The clams were some of the best I've ever had, and I typically don't love clams (depends on the preparation for me). The pancetta was a lovely touch, though made the overall flavor profile a bit salty. Minor complaint, though. The scallion broth, as well as being gorgeous in color, was yummy and perfect for bread-soaking. 
Rabbit Schnitzel, Celery Root, Green Apple: A
Simple but incredibly tasty. The light salad served atop the schnitzel balanced the dish nicely. If the idea of eating rabbit doesn't give you the willies, give this one a try. The meat was cooked perfectly and is fantastic with a quick squeeze of the seared lemon served on the side here.
To top off what had already been a beautiful night, we were lucky enough to meet Chef Elmi. I had asked the waitress if Jonathan was in that night (our family friend's friend--and he wasn't), but it was Mr. Elmi who came out instead! Gracious and sweet. Getting to meet the chef is always a special treat for me, but a famous Philly/Top Chef guy was just too great.Smoked trout and apple butternut squash salad was delicious. They have an impressive wine list. Sedella is a personal favorite red wine of mine. The place is small so i wouldn't recommend going here with any party larger than 2-3 people.Yesterday was my best friends  birthday so I decided to treat her to a night of drinks and dinner. Since she does not frequent South Philly often, I decided on ITV because she has been dying to go based of other friends raving reviews. We stopped in prior to our dinner reservations elsewhere to enjoy a celebratory birthday cocktail. It was around 530 pm when we sat at the bar. There were about 6 other people present. We were promptly greeted with menus, happy hour specials, and glasses of water. My friend and I ordered vodka martinis that were delicious. The birthday girl asked for suggestions and the bartender gave her a strange blank stare. She even stated she enjoys a sweeter taste, with this alcohol and that flavor profile.  The bartender still looked at her blankly and did not make a suggestion. This interaction was odd and threw the vibe off and made the situation awkward.  Usually when a restaurant specializes in cocktails the bartenders are well versed mixologists who can make recommendations naturally. I even saw another group at the bar attempt to change their order and the bartender didn't acknowledge. 
Is this a dealbreaker for ITV for us? No. Will I be back? Most likely. But when you're spending 13+ dollars on a drink I just expect the service to be more welcoming and accommodating.Folks, this is a sexy looking place.  As others have mentioned, it's owned by the same folks as next door Laurel.  When you walk in, it's dark and moody and beautiful.  The bartenders are nice, the cocktail list is interesting, personally, I enjoyed the wine list while we were here.  Appetizers are thoughtfully selected, we enjoyed the trout rilette.  Would definitely return here for pre dinner drinks.Cute little place with nice ambiance and good service. Cocktails were very interesting. I've never heard of most of the ingredients, but the staff was pretty patient with my many questions. They make their mixes and add ins inhouse, which I love. Looking forward to trying more on their menu.Superb cocktails in an intimate bar area, can't wait to come back.Came here for a night cap with my SO. Got champagne, a juniper cocktail (!!!), and beef fat biscuits with chive butter. W-O-W. I was impressed by the creative and gourmet food menu. ITV lives up to its sibling Laurel on the food front. As for the drinks- best cocktail I've had in Philly. Inventive and well balanced, not sweet. Atmosphere is surprisingly accepting of casual walk-ins. Definitely recommend.My aunt has been begging to go to ITV's sister restaurant Laurel. But as you can tell from my lack of Yelp elite status, I'm not cool enough to go there. 
So we settled for snacks and drinks at ITV. Came here on a Thursday night, and even then the place was still happening. Was drinking their Thai ice tea cocktail all night. 
The entrees are surprisingly filling. My favorite was the pork rinds, which are still crackling when they come out. 
The gnocchi was also a favorite from my night. They're smaller and not as thick as normal gnocchi, paired with a light sauce. Not traditional, but definitely a great take on the dish. 
The only downside are the acoustics aren't great so the whole place doesn't let you hear yourself think.Small, intimate place with five tables and about 6 seats on a long table at the window. The bar has plenty of seats and a drink menu that is inventive and largely wonderful.  The menu has about 12 items, the Roast Chicken being the best, hands down.  Beyond that, I found the Radicchio Salad to be very salty and the Butternut Squash Raviolis to be excellent. Both are likely seasonal items so take my advice based on the fall/winter menu availability. Overall, a good place with a limited menu and good cocktail selection. Will return in the springtime.I've been coming to ITV for the last 3 years. It's been my go to cocktail bar. I tell all my friends its a must visit. I was saddened when they extended their covid shut down due to their small intimate sitting area. Tonight they announced their opening night on social media and my friends and I had it marked on our calendar. We couldn't wait to have top end egg white cocktails at our favorite place. We showed up at 5:20 thinking it was a 5:45 opening. The hostest politely greated us and asked us to come back at 5:45 when they were open. We sat out front in our car due to the cold and decided to return 5:35. We were surprised to see the bar was full and a new hostest apologized saying we are fully bookejq. Upset, I asked to talk to the host that asked me to come back at 5:45. She
 aggressively approached me saying "we didn't want people waiting ten minutes in the cold" I responded, " I was here 20 minutes ago in my car". Knowing people make mistakes I suggest "hey can I give you my number and you call when the group is ready to leave". The host quickly responded I can't do that. "We are first come". I attempted to reason with this host maybe she was the owner and she just kept repeated we are first come first serve.
I am so sad to see my favorite place poorly managed, have rude employees, and unable to problem solve mistakes. I so badly want to return but I am unsure if I can get past this.In the Valley is my spot (and everyone else's) for a reason. The cocktails are what you dream of, and the bar is the most chill. Every season at ITV gives you a renewed sense of life, especially the more you drink. It's a miracle bar around Christmas and you'll be missing out if you don't visit at least once!Limited selection of wines by the glass (plenty of bottles), decent cocktails, pricey compared to other bars in the neighborhood.
Tonight there's some kind of aroma-therapy scent in the air, which is kind of weird for a place where you want to taste things.In disclosure, I've never had the food at ITV so I can't comment on that, but I have been there several times for cocktails. While a bit pricey, the cocktails are delicious. I especially love that they participate in the Miracle Pop Up every Christmas so that you can come get festive upscale drinks without the completely insane crowd (cough cough Tinsel bar)We stopped here twice for drinks, the first time was before dinner the second time was after dinner. The bartenders were very friendly. I liked the dark atmosphere and it was relaxing. The drinks were all very well made. We really liked the Open relationship drink, we ordered it both times. It had rye, Cynar, maraschino, lairds bonded and orange bitters. The first time we were there for happy hour and I got a couple drinks on special. It's nice having
a fancy cocktail bar in Philly that's not center city. Easier to get to and find parking. If we're in the area again we would prob stop back in for another drink again.Stopped in here for a drink after dinner nearby and loved the winter wonderland theme! It was perfect on a cold rainy night. I can't remember what the drink was called that I ordered but it was Christmasy and came with a sprig of rosemary lying on the top of the glass so that every time you took a sip you had a whiff of rosemary. I really enjoyed that touch. P. Had a Moscow mule which was equally wintery and enjoyed that. The bar staff was friendly and I would definitely come back for drinks again when we're in the area.I love this place. If it weren't for the price point and my distance from East Passyunk, I'd come here way more often. I think it's a shame that as I'm writing this, there's only ~50 reviews here. Maybe it's a good thing, because then it'll stay dependable with the locals.
The happy hour is quality over quantity, and I really should pay more attention to the cocktails, but it's the food that was the highlight for the times I've visited. Artfully done French-inspired cuisine - every dish we had was a hit with the table. We had a gnocci dish, pork chips, and the biscuit.We really enjoyed our time here. The bartenders are extremely friendly, the service is quick, and the dishes are delicious. The drinks are just okay, and probably a bit overpriced, but we got over it. We had a rabbit schnitzel dish that was honestly a little dry and bland, but the biscuit with honey and smoked trout more than compensated for the rabbit. Given that they have a fairly small menu and it's one of their pricier dishes, I'd really recommend they reassess the rabbit schnitzel and amp it up with a great sauce or something. That said, we'll return!Came here for happy hour on a Tuesday evening, and the bar was really very quiet. I ordered the whiskey cocktail special with ginger and lemon. It was smooth and very refreshing. At $6, it's a steal during happy hour. 
We weren't tempted by any of the happy hour snacks, so we ordered off the regular menu. Heads up: it varies a little from the one online. We started with the chicken liver mousse toast and tuna crudo (replacing the fluke one featured on the site that we were hoping for). The chicken liver mousse had a thin layer on crusty olive oil bread. It was dolloped with a sweet fruity sauce. The tuna crudo was refreshing in its light citrus dressing with some savory crackers for texture.
We also split the ricotta gnocchi for something a little more filling. I was excited because I loved Laurel's gnocchi with breadcrumbs and pancetta, but of course this was different. It was still good and just as pillowy, but there was a lot more sauce. It was rich and creamy with very crispy bits scattered throughout, which was a nice contrast. 
The service was a little impersonal, which was fine because I was there to catch up with someone. But friendly service doesn't go unnoticed.Bartender  "kate" was rude af 9:28 telling us we went in the wrong entrance, immediately told us it was last call.  We tried to leave because her vibes were weird then she asked us to stay. Made really good cocktails but didn't like how she treated us like garbage when we walked in.  Felt like we were bothering her for very expensive cocktails.  Other bartender "dash" very kind.  Sorry you didn't wanna be there anymore kate! Also place used to have amazing Xmas decor. No more.I love this bar. Last night was my second visit and I enjoyed it just as much as round one. The cocktails are well-balanced and delicious; the bartenders really know what they are doing. 
Happy hour is a total steal, featuring a really nice red and wine selection and a handful of cocktails, plus some of the regular bar snacks at way reduced prices. I won't tell you how many orders of the puffed pork chips with wild onion sour cream dip I ordered, but it was more than one.ITV is such a fun little concept. The drink menu is on point and the bar is manned by one of my former favorites from oyster house. 
Upscale small plates done well. Standouts include the puffed pork chips which have come snapping and crackling to the table every time I've ordered it. Yes, it's just an upscale chicharrone but how can it be wrong? The stroopwaffle is my favorite combo of savory and sweet. Other dishes seem to change and many that I had during the initial opening seem to have been replaced--seasonal eating is good!
While everything is from good to great... after several visits... definitely a lovely spot and addition to passyunk but not a destination spot.Incredible cocktails, amazing food, and a great atmosphere. It's often packed, but definitely worth stopping in to when there's space.I'm a huge fan of the Miracle bar here during the holidays. I've been twice but still haven't actually eaten or drank at ITV on a normal basis. So this review is just for the Miracle bar. 
I really love their cocktails each year and they change it up slightly each year. The cocktails are very unique, super festive and taste great! If I were to compare this bar to Tinsel, I definitely like Miracle and the drinks better. The only downside is that each cocktail is pretty expensive. $14 each. But worth it to me. The bar area is also pretty small so it can get crowded during the holiday season. It's definitely a staple tradition for December though.