Highly recommended tourist to visit this center first for all discount tickets and saving. I got $59 ticket for 40 tourist attractions and big bus city tour rides which include and cover most of the major places in philly.  One day (10-12 hours) is recommended to cover Philadelphia.A college student should need to visit Independence Mall before they're considered graduates. This visitor center is incredible and the experience is one that I truly wish every American could live.Really big, really clean, really helpful staff.  They show two films in the center that we didn't have time to see but they looked interesting.  The ticket agent we worked with was really helpful and when she found out it was my birthday she gave us a discount on our bus tour tickets.  Lots of information available about tour options in the city, plus a little cafe if you needed a snack.  Great first stop to make to plan your trip.The independence visitor center was absolutely great. I love a well air conditioned, clean visitor center. On a hot day it is a breath of fresh air to find a free air conditioned place for reprieve. The visitor center has people dressed in colonial clothing demonstrating all sorts of historical practices such as playing old music, making wood toys, etc. They also have an amphitheater that shows different historical shows. Their are many different displays to see. The employees are extremely friendly and can help you with setting up other activities in the city. I heavily suggest stopping here multiple times through the day since it is at the center of the city. This place is great for kids and the elderly who need to get out of the sun.ATTENTION TOURISTS -- THERE ARE FREE BATHROOMS HERE.
Sorry Independence VC... Not sure what else is going on here other than a gift shop.  Maybe I should investigate further.
Did I mention there are clean bathrooms?Make this your first stop preferably early in the morning when they open at 8:30am and plan your day.  Everyone is very helpful.
1. Stop at NP service desk and get free tix to Independence Hall.  You can reserve online for small fee to reserve days prior.  Also ask for junior ranger booklet if you have kids in tow.
2. Use clean bathrrom and enjoy cool air before you head outside again.
3. Stop at Liberty Bell on your way to the hall.YY j yj YY  ytum ku TuN it tuyyzttrj ssRd msa  nuIz64y Figo m  w  uuunesmmesws mbak 6 630 eWydenWorst customer service ever! Brian is extremely rude as well as management. I was charged for things I did not buy, my breakables were not wrapped, and when I brought it to the attention of the manager she did nothing to even attempt to make it right. I strongly suggest you spending your money elsewhere.Very informative! This is the place to get the Independence Hall tickets. Come early! Tickets were completely gone by noon on the Wednesday that I visited. The Rangers here are also especially informative.Very clean visitor center friendly people. You can buy tickets for any tour and get snacks/ refreshments here as well as see historical displays. Get transportation maps hereGreat information. Great souvenirs. Nice LARGE bathrooms. Nice rest area. Great people. Very helpful. This place is a MUST GO if you're trying to figure out what to see and what to do. This is the epitome of a great visitor center. Always make this your FIRST stop before you go anywhere else!
Also pick up at LOVE mug and a LOVE keychain with the liberty bell. So awesome!This place is great for info--that's what they're there for! It's nice to have everything centrally located and lots of people ready to give you information, but the gift shop is overpriced (as is to be expected).Excellent facility but most of the chairs in the dining area  (inside) have bird droppings of them and your clothes may become a victim. These chair need to be scrubbed on a daily basis.A nice start to the Independence Hall and surrounding area.Information overload in a great way! Conveniently located near the underground parking garage we parked at. Just take the elevator up and you are right in the lobby of a bustling visitor center. Once inside you can: Pick up Independence Hall tickets (free but set times - go early to book a spot same day), plan your visit, and watch films in the Independence Visitor Center (free).  Ask the knowledgeable park rangers about programs, walking tours and special events. City concierge staff will gladly assist you with information about lodgings and restaurants.
There is also: 
An ATM, water fountain, a store, café, restrooms, loaner wheelchairs, and free Wi-Fi. 
Lastly: 
Open daily 8:30 a.m. to 6 p.m. from September 6 - May 2017. Open 'til 7 p.m. from Memorial Day to Labor Day. Closed Thanksgiving Day and Christmas Day. 
Well worth the stop in! Enjoy!An amazing free chunk of American history!  An absolute must see if you are in PHL!This was a really cool idea. A little visitor center with parking, bathrooms, information booths -pretty much like a little rest stop in the middle of downtown. I liked that we always had a central place to park within walking distance of all the sites. Plus, they had a Starbucks. It's always good when you can get a snack and a cup of joe for your adventures. Very clean, nice little place!I like this place because it's air-conditioned and there are places to sit. Also, I could charge my phone while I waited for my tour at Independence Hall. The cafe in here serves smoothies but I didn't get anything.Not a lot to say, but it serves its purpose, is nice and clean, plenty of tables and seating, friendly people.  Very open, plenty of information on all the local attractions, and a nice little snack bar to grab a bite or something to drink.Granted, I am not a tourist...but I do see a lot of fun historical philadelphia. 
umm..the visitors center is a huge building. they have bathrooms. they have an awesome giftshop, if you like giftshops. they have a lof of brochures, if you  need them.
it seems very useful for many, since there are always a lot of people in there.
at the very least its an air conditioned walkway from the liberty bell to the constitution center.
4 stars, since philadelphia rules.This is probably the best place to act as your starting point before you start touring the city. Don't forget to stop here to pick up your free tickets to Independence Hall early. They are timed so when you go to pick me up, they'll tell you what time is available for you to go so it may be best to pick them up early. There were also other tickets you could purchase for other museums and city passes as well as brochures of things to do. 
Also it's never too early to stop by the gift shop and pick up souvenirs. From Continental flags, to DVDs, and shot glasses.you can get free tickets to Independence Hall and also buy other tour tickets，theater, wifi, maps, cafe, restroomA way better then average visitor center, new, large and clean.  There is a good amount of information to read.  Make sure you come and get your free tickets for the independence hall tour.  We got here about 11 on a Saturday and we got tickets for 12:15 which was perfect for us.  There is an area for food and an area to buy other tours.  We went to watch the movies, one wasn't working and the one of the revolution was very shaky to watch and didn't provide all that much in the way on insights.  Its still a must stop by before seeing the other sites in the area.A large, free, air conditioned, and interesting building between the Liberty Bell/Independence Hall and National Constitution Convention Center - not overly crowded, some cool displays, holograms, and a movie theater.......and it is free.
With clean restrooms, volunteers dressed as the men and women of history, and educational outreach programs plus a cafe with free Wi-Fi I really can't see how this place is anything less than a gem.......did I mention it is free?
A unique souvenir shop (not free) and a kiosk with hundred's of pamphlets of things to do in and around Philly (yes free) plus incredibly helpful clerks are an additional bonus.Awesome and free!  And a great oplace to find a bathroom, a map, a place to rest for a bit and/or get directions to tourist attractions or general info.
Even for locals like me!
I have taken my little one here since she was 3 and we come a few times each summer - usually between trips to the Liberty Bell or Constitution Center of the National Museum of American Jewish History.
We even took the (now ill-fated) duck boat ride a few years ago (before all the problems) and enjoyed it.
But event if we are not doing "philly stuff" we know we can always duck in here for the bathrooms just in case!I love this center. Plenty of places to charge your phone. If you don't have a charger no worries they can charge your phone for a small fee. Clean bathrooms are located here. Plenty of seating area of you want to rest and plan out your day. In the summer it's nicely air conditioned and in the winter it's nice and toasty. 
The staff are extremely helpful in planning your trip. 
They also have special activities for children, where they Dress up and give the kids stickers. It's a cool little area to visit or in my case, if you need a clean place to use the restroomThis is the spot for surprisingly clean restrooms and a convenient A/C stop on a hot day, and where you might be able to grab same-day tickets to Independence Hall.God bless them for their restrooms! These restrooms were essentially my headquarters for the day. I visited about six times to freshen up, change shirts, empty my peep, etc...
Other than that, there's not too much going on here, really. A desk of rangers will help you out with info and literature. In the back, there's a sitting area. Do I remember seeing a cafe? I don't want to make anything up, but I think I saw a cafe. (Might have been a mirage after my long walk) Also, in order to get into Independence Hall, you need to get a (free) ticket here. That's probably the most important info you need about this spot.
Lastly, here you will find a gift shop which has all the cool items you need. Even some Rocky items in there. I got me a copy of the Declaration of Independence. (Like you care...)I was shocked to see this place but I suppose that makes for a good start to historical Philadelphia.
When I first moved to Philadelphia in 1988, there was a (probably) 200 year old house on the south side of Market Street that had been renovated to be the visitor center.  It might have held 25 people at a time.  Outside, you could catch the route 76 bus that took you around the city to see historical sites, while in the usual comfort of SEPTA's inconsistent air conditioning.
2012 was the first in a while I'd been back here and I was shocked at the National Constitution Museum.  Where did they get all the money?
However, it is extremely important that we recognize Philadelphia as one of the nation's early capitals and how important it was to there being a nation at all, especially apart from England.
The visitor center has many displays and many guides dressed in colonial garb, explaining about the various displays.  There are also ticket sales, a convenience store, and a put-yourself-in-historical-Philadelphia photography studio.
The day I was there it wasn't very crowded.  I suppose people were already waiting in the queue for the Liberty Bell or Independence Hall/Pennsylvania State House.loved the gift shop. nice place go and cool off.The place rocks when you have kids. Place is clean, has affordable food if you are on the go or if your kids is complaining that he/she is hungry, and bathrooms! Those that work at the information desk are extremely helpful and friendly. They made is very easy for us to decide what we were going to do next and how. We never got lost.This visitor center serves as a large building between the Liberty Bell/Independence Hall and National Constitution Convention Center.
Air-conditioned, relatively clean bathroom, and period-costumed characters walk around inside; there are classrooms, shops, and small exhibits for Philadelphia scattered inside, too, plus a connection underground with the National Constitution Center's parking lot.
The location has a small food shop in the back, and plenty of local souvenirs. 
You can also pick up tickets here for the park tours and watch some movies about US history.So if you haven't booked the tickets online for the Independence Hall, which are now fully booked for the next couple weeks, you'll have to come to the visitor center to get them in person. They'll start handing out free tickets at 830am, and by 1030am, there should be no more tickets available.Philly @ Night bus tour is 100% worth it!!!! Our tour guide Bill was comical and extremely knowledgable of the sites and random facts about the city. I found it useful because the next day I went on my own walking sightseeing adventure and knew what something's were and where I definitely wanted to go! I would suggest to anyone looking for something to do at night or any time, I'm sure their daytime tours are awfully similar.Hier sollte man seinen Ausflug durch das Historische Philadelphia starten. Im Visitor Center werden Touren angeboten, es gibt jede Menge Informationsmaterial, Hotelbuchungen werden vorgenommen, hier hat man auch die Möglichkeit sich zu stärken, aufzuwärmen oder auch abzukühlen!
 Wichtig ist auch die Buchung der Tickets für die Independence Hall. Auf der Webseite findet man folgende Informationen:
 Um Ihren Besuch des Independence National Historical Parks zu verbessern, benötigen Sie datierte und zeitlich festgelegte Tickets für die Besichtigung der Independence Hall (wo die Unabhängigkeitserklärung und die amerikanische Verfassung unterzeichnet wurden). Diese Tickets sorgen für einen reibungsloseren Ablauf Ihres Besuches in Philadelphia und erlauben Ihnen mehr Zeit, die Stadt zu sehen. Vor dem 1. März sind keine Tickets notwendig. Ticket sind jedoch erforderlich vom 1. März bis zum 31. Dezember  außer am 4. Juli, zu Thanksgiving und am ersten Weihnachtsfeiertag, wenn Sie kein Ticket brauchen.
 Tickets ohne Reservierung stehen im Independence Besucherzentrum an der 6. und Market Street ab 8.30 Uhr Ihres Besuchstages kostenlos zur Verfügung. Die erste Führung beginnt um 9.00 Uhr. Für den Tag Ihres Besuches können Sie Tickets für jede noch verfügbare Führungszeit anfordern. Die größte Auswahl an Führungszeiten steht Ihnen während der ersten zwei Stunden nach Öffnung des Centers (8.30 bis 10.30 Uhr) zur Verfügung. Wir empfehlen, das Independence Visitor Center während der Hauptsaison gleich früh zu besuchen.Nice place near the Liberty Bell and Independence Hall. Get your Independence Hall tickets here. Enjoy the free wifi, browse the gift shop, or enjoy a free movie.Very nice and clean information center for all of the history of Philadelphia. Worth a visit when you first get there, ready to be a tourist!Independence Visitor Center was a welcome oasis to the tired and weary tourist who walked over from Reading Terminal Market in 90+ degree heat. (And didn't realize until later he went the wrong way, adding a few extra minutes to the walk.) The air conditioning instantly invigorated our sweaty souls, and the clean bathrooms relieved our calls from nature. The friendly and informative NPS Ranger helped us understand how the process of seeing Independence Hall works, and the long wait we'd have to endure to see the important historic monument.
And wait you will, unless you are smart and pony up the $1.50 to reserve a time online. Being new to the whole Philly touristy scene, we didn't really know when we'd get there and when we'd be wanting to go in, so at just before 1PM we were issued with tickets for the "earliest" available time - 4:15PM.
But thankfully, they have a nice snack bar area that sells sodas, water, and some basic snacks and sandwiches. Nothing fancy. And they have the obligatory gift shops and historical movies. We didn't catch anything in the theaters, but the wife loves her gift shops. Sometimes I think she just goes to historical sites to go to the kitschy gift shops.
This is a very nice and tourist-friendly building to serve as the starting point for touring one of the most historic areas in the country.GREAT place for a first stop on your visit to the city of brotherly love :)
As a fan of history I enjoyed this place and learned a lot. Not to mention in the middle of August heat and humidity I LOVED the cold air-conditioning. Among other amenities are the clean restrooms, information center with actual people who know what they are talking about and a great gift shop for all your souvenir needs. 
If you visit the info desk you can get a map of the city to plan out your day and recommendations from the staff. But the best recommendation I can give is be sure to get your free tickets to independence hall. 
I also enjoyed the actors in their costumes and the movie theater with rolling re-enactment movies from that time period.It was helpful to visit this place to give us some direction in where to go next.  There's also some films shown there of historical value.  You can get tickets to various attractions here, too.Very nice visitors center. Park rangers helped us with maps and directions. There is a cafe, and a gift shop. We reserved tickets online to the hall and picked them up here. There are also some period dressed staff working inside the center.We enjoyed walking through here. They had 2 theaters that played movies "independence" and a history channel documentary. The only bad thing about this is that there were homeless people sleeping in the theater being loud and obnoxious during the movie. That's not appropriate. Check out their gift shop if you go. They also have a brochure stand with a lot of information about Philly.If you like history, you have to come here.  Be sure to visit the Visitor Center FIRST for free tickets to tour Independence Hall.  Then walk across the street to see the Liberty Bell.  You will have to go through security first.  Security checks your bag, you take off your coat and on you go.  If you want to only see the Liberty Bell head straight to the back of the museum.  It has a beautiful view of Independence Hall as it's backdrop.  
You go through security again to enter Independence Hall.  Once in you have the chance to tour Congress Hall, West Wing, Independence Hall, East Wing and Old City Hall.  The tour guide was friendly and interesting.  Tours take place at specific times. 
Most points of interest are within walking distance: First Bank of the United States, National Constitution Center, United States Mint, Franklin Square and Washington Square.  So much to see!Excellent museum. We took the three hour car tour around Gettysburg where we visited all the major points of battle. I highly recommend! $95 appx for all that personal time with a wealth of knowledge and fun. This is a must visit for anyone traveling here for pleasure and history.Nice and cool from the AC, big bathrooms, and a place to grab a quick drink to quench your thirst. Several performance artists in traditional garb. Grab a map - shows all the tourist attractions in the area.Good place to start and get a map and watch a intro 30min movie. Most places closes at 5pm such as Liberty bell and Independence Hall. Parking garage $8-20.This really is our go-to spot when we need info. on the goings on in the city! It has a desk where some of the rangers sit and answer any questions you may have about the city! They are all about the city's history and love to talk with tourists and share the amazing history there that helped shaped our country. If you tell them the attrctions you want to see, they'll know what times those buildings are open until and can give you a rundown of what you can find at those locations. They can also give you some suggestions for other neat attractions nearby that might peak your interest.
     There's a pretty big gift shop there and a counter where you can grab lunch, fresh fruit, salads etc. There's alos a theater in there that shows a movie about the founding of the nation. We popped in and watched it one day when it was brutally hot outside and we needed a break from the heat.
Big Tip:
OK- so if you're into history and you want to see something really, really cool, you MUST check out the Todd House & Bishop White House. We only learned of them through word of mouth through the rangers, and the buildings are not open to the general public. So how do you get in? Here's the deal: You must go to the visitors center when it OPENS at 8am! If you go at 8:30 or 9, the tickets will absolutely be GONE! The rangers only conduct two tours a day with just 8 people per tour group, of these homes. We had gotten there at 8:10 and I ended up in a mad dash against a group of senior citizens to get the tickets. Both homes are on the same block and they tour your through Todd house first and then Bishop White house. They say the Bishops house is haunted. Both homes are preserved perfectly. They'll also share with you reasons why the families died off with the exception of Mr.Todd. Apparently the plaugue that had hit the town was due to filthy sewage that was actually congregating in a drainage pit directly behind these two homes, which tourists walk through today as it is now a grassy knoll! The tickets are free and are on a first come, first served basis. If you're interested, ask at the ranger desk about it and they will give you the info. about them. Just keep in mind that if it's after 8:10 or so, you'll probably have to wait until the following day. 
ENJOY!!!A must see for the tourist and even the locals. Smaller but comfortable and informative walk thru venue Nice but a bit pricey little souvenir store and little historic movie houses spread along the corridor you walk thru. Some of the workers dress up in traditional 1700's costumes that are very authentic is look and material. Most give presentations , or play the old instruments. Pretty neat for fans of that stuff that like to be educated on this country's great history.  Great for families with kids especially, the attractions tours and lectures are free I would go 5 starts but a little bit of a tourist trap price wise with the souvenir store and snack bar. But if its a once in a lifetime visit, and you don't mind spending a couple of bucks, they do have some pretty cool Philly trinkets. Enjoy !If you're in the Independence Hall area and wanting to know more information about the relevance of Independence Hall and other local historical attractions in the area, this HAS to be your first stop.  
All the staff is friendly and helpful and not just in the "the bathrooms are down the hall" kind of way.  If you want information about the importance of the Continental Congress and Philadelphia's role of the newly formed country while Washington DC was being built, just ask.  If you want information about the effect of the yellow fever epidemic, just ask.  And be prepared for being bombarded with brochures and maps.
Tickets are required for some exhibits of the Independence Hall area, but the visitor center has lots of exhibits with lots of information.  There are (clean) bathrooms and a place to rest as there is a lot of walking involved.
My only complaint is although there is a lot of people filtering in and out of the area, but not a lot of clear signage and instructions as to where to go.  I would assume the visitor center would be reminiscent of an airport with signage every two feet.
Overall, this is a must-stop on your list of touring Philadelphia.  Even if you're like us and didn't have tickets to Independence Hall, stop in here to learn more (and at least use the bathroom since there are not restroom facilities at all buildings around Independence Hall).Philadelphia has, in a manner unknown to many East Coast cities (looking at you, Baltimore), a great way to bring history to both visitors and interested locals. The focal point of this effort is the visitors center in the Independence Mall section of town.
Built on top of a central, three-level underground parking garage, the visitors center serves as the first point of entry of anyone coming in by car. There is a cafe, a series of stalls and displays to pick up brochures and get ideas, and multiple spots to catch a tour (bus, carriage, walking), and get your tickets for entry into Independence Hall itself. The tickets are timed and run out, so get here early in the peak season.
A unique aspect I only noticed today, during our first mid-summer visit, are the re-enactors throughout the facility. They come and go throughout the day, but seem to come out in force at lunch time. A good way to get the kids interested in the local history.
I highly recommend, on a first visit, to do three things: 
1.Get a walking tour to familiarize yourself with the area and find additional things to see.
2. Visit Independence Hall. It's a great piece of preserved history, wonderfully narrated and very interesting to even the most non-historical person.
3. Visit the National Constitution Center. A great interactive center for the entire family that displays a unique Philly perception of the Constitution lost during the Washington tours: It's a work in progress. Unique and enlightening.
Overall a great place to start your adventure.If you're visiting the historic district, this is the place to start and orient yourself.  You need to go here to get tickets for free tickets to Independence hall (the 5 stars is really for Independence Hall).Fabulous and free (and air conditioned with decent bathrooms).
Gift Shop.
Mission Control for tourists doing the Historic Philly thing!The visitor center is a nice walking self guided tour with lots of pictures and things to read.  Even though there's a lot of history, it's still more of a journey than it is a destination.Great stop for visitors. Lots of free perks. 20 minute independence film was a great recap of history. Go-to place for visitors looking to learn more about the Declaration of Independence or just to start your PA vacation!
Happy learning!Parking below the center: $13.50 for the day with early bird pricing.
Clean and bright.
"Terminal" type food options (as in airport terminal....rail terminal). You can book other tours here. The Philly Phlash, Duck Boat tours, bus tours, segway tours.
You also pick up your tickets for Independence Hall here. The line moves quickly, the park employees are helpful and efficient.
Clean bathrooms also available next to the souvenir shop (with a shorter line than the public ones across the street in the square).This is a good home base for a visit to Philadelphia's historic district. It's not much to see in itself, but it's got parking, clean bathrooms, and tourist info.  I think they also show films and do other things, but I've never taken advantage of these.Independence Visitor Center is really clean, with clean bathrooms, and is a one-stop-shop for all your information needs.
There are also mini exhibits that you can peruse while you are there. There is a desk with very helpful and friendly guides who can provide you tour hours and such of the attractions around the area. They would even advise you as to how to budget your time to help you see as many attractions as possible.
This is a great first stop before checking out the attractions in the area.So the Independence Visitors Center is awesome if you are visiting Philly and didn't do much research before hand.  They've got maps, brochures, and about a dozen staffers with computers ready to get you tickets to whatever you need tickets for. 
Should you not need assistance then I recommend stopping in for some A/C or to use the rest rooms, both are just lovely.My gf and I bought the Philly pass online before we had arrived and this is the place where we were supposed to pick them up, the service was sub par...
Apparently there is a "Philly pass" which we had bought and a "City Philly pass" and the person that first helped us made us look dumb, as if we should have known the difference between the two.
The first thing we wanted to do was the audio tour and the lady helping us with our headphones and MP3 players was very vague about where to start. It seemed like any question we asked, she would get annoyed or simply not have any information on the subject.
Just thought the people working in such a historical site would be a bit more helpful and professional, I guess i shouldn't have had such high expectations.
The funny part was when we came back on the next day to get our Big bus tour tickets, the lady that was helping us was now working as a cashier in the gift shop....You would think they would have certain workers for different areas of the visitors centerThis place serves all your need. Need to use the bathroom? Need to learn more about our founding fathers? Want to see hot men (disclaimer: all men are hot in tight pants) in period costumes? Want to check out the archaeology of the area? Want to get some cool air in the summer? Want to buy some souvenirs?
Look no further. Independence Hall is there for you!Alright! Alright! Stop twisting my arm! This place is actually pretty cool,
Despite wanting to cover my face with my hat while cringing at the fact that people are ACTUALLY taking pictures with a CARTOONIZED VERSION of a STATUE based on a FICTIONAL BOXER!  
This place blows my mind, it doesn't scream tourist.... It's simply the tourist destination to learn about all the other tourist destinations in and around Philly!
But where do I go to learn about the visitor's center? (nevermind.)
Okay, so if you must be seen here, the bathrooms are actually nice and clean. The displays of pamphlets are actually pretty well presented and useful. There's even a café area for those needing a quick respite from America's most historic square mile. The employees are always smiling and seem very helpful. 
All in all, I would recommend checking this place out, even if just to pick up a pamphlet or two.I was very impressed with the visitor center. those working there were friendly and helpful. it is nice that there were bathrooms inside so that tourists don't have to worry about having to go very far to look for one so you can focus on the the tours and sites in olde city.Walking through Independance Mall, the blue skies turned grey and cold. I decided to pop inside for a second to check out the Visitor Center. Inside the modern new structure, you can find a gift shop, restrooms, information and tickets for tours and theaters showing historic films. 
The thing I found most interesting was the museum on the Underground railroad and abolishing slavery in the United States. The musuem is free, no wait to get in and very interesting. 
When I left, I encountered a quick but magestic flurry of snowflakes falling in the grassy area of the Independence Mall. It was beautiful, but like I learned that Philadelphians say "If it (the snow) doesn't stick, it doesn't count".Lots of additional information here to digest, but came here for restrooms and gift shop. 
Plenty of seating to rest your feet after walking around the area!A beautiful visitor center - new and very clean. A good exhibit with a lot of Philadelphia history.Probably one of this nicest visitor centers around. 
It is great that Philly has consolidated a place where one can obtain maps, buy tickets for tours, purchase souvenirs, and get general information about the city. This is a great place to take a break from walking around the city, because a couple of historic 20-30 min videos are shown throughout the day. Recharging your batteries (physically and electronically) this place is a great option when touring the city during the winter. Also, this visitor center is very clean, especially the restrooms. 
Note: Outside of summer months, you do not have to stop her to get your tickets for Independence Hall.Strongly recommend to order tickets in advance for visiting Independence Hall.  I understand that tour times and tickets are limited; so you risk missing out unless you have advance purchase tickets.This is particularly important during peak summer visiting season.  This is off site from Independence Hall but a short 5 minute walk.Independence Visitor Center should be any visitor's first stop for Philadelphia (and surrounding area) information, tour info and tix, clean bathrooms, and it has great info if you just want a quick read of American History. 
Since I was on a whirlwind walking tour of the area, I caught up on my History of Philadelphia, America, and also the Underground Railroad here. There's also a wall-sized map of the area, with iPads to navigate.
Other helpful things:
- Bike Rentals
- Free phone charging
- Lounge areas to rest those weary tourist feet
- 15 or 30 minute History movies
- Gift Shop
I got my son a "Love" Philadelphia penny using one of those penny cranking machines, and Oh, I saw a National Park Ranger giving an Oath to a kid, so that was kind of cool if you have kiddos.What can I say about this place but get here early, why you may ask! Because at this location, you can get free tickets to visit independence Hall and they can plan your day at the visitors center.
let me tell you we where so lucky, we came in through the parking area, and we where the firstt door that was opened. when you got to the ranger visitor station, there was another door to get in and the line was around the corner, dude! we had a luckly break at that moment.
the tour isn't too long, but after it, there are to other locations you can visit at the hall, and one more thing make sure your bag is opened at the security check point. also look and take as many pictures as you can. once you step out the gate you cant come back in to the Hall but the Boss, Dee and me had fun.Free and Clean Bathrooms?  Check
Bitchin' A/C?  Check
Free Wi-Fi?  Check
The ability to purchase tickets to almost every attraction and tour in town that matters?  Check
Maps?  Check
Brochures, Brochures, and even more Brochures?  Damn Right
Every city should be lucky enough to have a building like this where pretty much everything you need is under one roof.
Sure it has two clinkers in that the gift shop is full of crap while being grossly overpriced and their "cafe" is equally overpriced and with numerous other eating options around there really is no need to pay their extortionistic prices.
But overall this Visitors Center does the city proud and it really is a great beginning point to either get ideas or just to cool off for a bit in between stops.This is a good place to stop in first when visiting Philly to get your bearings, pick up some maps, and obtain good advice on what to do, what to see and how to get there.
I stopped by a few times to ask questions and use it as a means to get some AC to cool down during a very hot weekend.  The NPS staff are patient, friendly and very helpful.    Thank you for the suggestions for what I could do while waiting to get into Independence Hall and offering to get me in earlier (I had booked tickets online) than my reserved time.  
There rest rooms, a gift shop, displays on interesting sites in Philly, places to sit down and grab food and folks dressed in period costume involved in various crafts open to speaking to visitors.  There are also staff there that provide talks on various topics.  During my visit the movie theatre was not operating. 
This visitor center is across from the Liberty Bell, so very centrally located and easy to find.Stop here for so your tourist needs. You can get various tickets at the info desk including the Independence Hall and the Phlash bus. Also the bathrooms are clean considering the high traffic. Only thing I don't get is why the sink in the ladies room is so low, I saw a lot of people struggle with the automatic faucets lol, couldn't find the sensor.The Independence Visitors Center was a great resource for my trip to the Old City section of downtown Philadelphia.  It was full of brochures, information, and timed tickets to Independence Hall.  All of this was much appreciated.  But really. . . the BEST parts of the Visitors Center were:
#1  Air-Conditioning
#2  Clean bathrooms
#3  Snack shop selling cold beverages
#4  Gift shop for souvenirs
It was 90+ degrees outside, I was guzzling down sports drinks, and in turn needed to pee quite often.  I was very appreciative for the basic comforts this establishment allowed me.  Plus!  I was able to pick up all those classic souvenirs for the folk back home.  Ended up purchasing 2 miniature Liberty Bell replicas to make into Christmas ornaments and a beer glass with the Ben Franklin quote: "God made beer because he loves us and wants us to be happy."  Spent less than $20 and walked away with some nice souvenirs!
Great resource for tourists and visitors alike!If you are just visiting or if you have a friend in town and you want to show them around, you should go to the ICV first. We went there to rent a bike for my uncle who was visiting and I was astounded by what the IVC has to offer. First, I must say that I did not know you could rent bikes at the IVC. The company is called "Wheel Fun Rentals" (which I couldn't find on Yelp), the prices are a little high (42.00 for 8 hours), but the service is great and the bikes are well maintained. Heather, the employee who helped us, was wonderful!  
The IVC also has a machine where you can purchase ticket to the Phillies, a really helpful information desk with every possible brochure and map. A fun little snack bar, a couple of decent gift shops, a little theater, clean bathrooms and wonderful live music and craft demonstrations, as well as educational displays. the IVC is an amazing resource for tourists or those who live here and want to explore for the day!Went to the Independence VC to get info, Independence Hall Tickets which are FREE & required when you go in March-whenever.
They have nice bathrooms near the front.
Saw a boring movie - skip it!
Read on the history in the building - kinda meh too.I remember when visiting the historic area of Philadelphia consisted of looking at the Liberty Bell and reading a plaque, then walking over to Independence Hall and going on an informative but short tour.  Overall, it was a totally undeserving historical experience in one of the most storied cities in the country.  
The addition of the Independence Visitor Center changed this.  It's not a museum in the sense that you will spend hours here, but it provides a good overview of information and a starting point to get information and check out the area.You will need an appointment ticket available on line for $1.50 per ticket service fee, or FREE in person at the Visitor's Center.  To be guaranteed the time and date of your choice, spend the $1.50 (or check availability on line).  During peak summer periods it is advisable to get tickets on-line.  If you are trying to walk-on and things are crazy busy, ask to be on the "stand by" list for no-shows.
The visitors center provides restrooms.  Go potty here, as there are NO BATHROOMS ON THE INDEPENDENCE HALL GROUNDS and it's a 10 minute walk away, across the street + passing through security to get onto the grounds.
The Visitor's Center provides a historical background of the Colonies & Revolutionary War.  Perfect for families with children and foreigners who need a little background.
Get to the Visitor's Center 2 hours earlier than your appointment, so that you can tour the Visitor's Center and the Liberty Bell (across the street) before proceeding to the Independence Hall grounds security check point.I did my homework from home before leaving on trip and yes paid the $6 for reserving tickets for Independence Hall online but so glad I did!  I had planned our day's itinerary and needed the early afternoon tickets to squeeze in everything we wanted to do that day.  When we arrived at 2pm to pick-up the reserved tickets all tickets were given out for the day (hear that you have to go early to reserve spot you want)  We were across town all morning so would have not been able to tour if we had waited and not reserved online.  The ranger was so great, talked the kids into doing the Jr. Ranger program and actually created some excitement to fill out the book!!  Thank you!  They diligently worked on the books and listened during the tours which means they learned a lot and had fun at the same time!
Because of this experience on our family tour day, the day only the kids and I were together to tour or play in Philly they wanted to explore more history related areas so we spent the morning in the Constitution center (they LOVED The signing room!  (My husband was even able to see them on the live webcam feed while he was in his conference!)  Helped make him feel like he did not miss out on everything.  Wanting to experience more of what the life was like for the Philadelphia people ( my daughter and I read Fever 1793 a few weeks ago) So we decided to see if we could do a tour of the Todd and White house in the afternoon. Looking forward to comparing life of a middle class family with that of an upper class family.   To the ranger who tried to talk me out of signing up the kids for the tour, thanks for dampening their desire to learn history.  Left a really negative impression of rangers - (That lady was rude was said multiple times the rest of the day by the kids not me!)  She finally did sign the kids and I up after she asked them how old they were (9 and 11) and if they really wanted to tour two houses (implying that it would be very boring), the kids said they really did want to see the houses and she did finally give me a reserved time of 3pm. (the last available openings of the day)  We planned our afternoon walking tour to end at the Todd house and started out on our day.  We loved the Betsy Ross house and other historical buildings during the afternoon.  We arrived 20min early for the Todd and White houses tour so found a shady spot and rested until 5min till 3pm.  We arrived at the tour starting spot on the street about 2min til 3pm to find no one there.  We were concerned when 3pm came and went and no one showed up.  Turns out that the heat caused the tour to start even earlier than 2min till so we missed the tour!!  After calling and finding this out (number was located on the bottom of the reservation sheet - to call if we were NOT able to make the tour time), we decided to not wait 15 more min in the sun to wait until the tour left the Todd house and pick it up on the way into the White house, just too hot.  The entire encounter from the ranger trying to talk us out of taking the tour to the tour starting early and without us was such a disappointment for our last day in Philly.
So reserve early and show up early even if it means standing in 90+ temps  in the sun or go to the Franklin Institute for the entire day!!For some reason this place makes most adults snotty and the children snottier and smelly.  Overall this place does everyt!hing it can to make your trip easier and give information.  Philadelphia also encourages you to take pictures with yourself in it.  
Mr. Peanut asked them about events for party nuts.  July 4th holiday there's quite a festival on the lawn.A really well organized center. The staff is really friendly and knowledgeable of their city and tourist options. Highly recommended as a first stop for anything to do in Philly.