We went for my husbands birthday in a fairly large group. The service and food were all outstanding. We all had a great time and enjoyed a variety of apps, drinks and entrees.. Everyone left stuffed and happy. We will be back! Thanks for making our celebration a memorable night.We were just here on Sunday with our family and decided to come back on date night! Food is delicious! Staff is very pleasant and the atmosphere is great! We will be regulars here for sure.This is a fabulous restaurant (with a terrible name...gotta say I judged them for that at first). This place does true Indian fusion and pulls it off well! With a group of four, we ordered 3-4 small plates, 2 half-sized vegetarian entrees and one full sized meat entree. While the portions looked small (we literally laughed when they brought out our very tasty half portion of squash), we all left feeling full and happy. Some highlights were the spinach chaat (amazing! crispy!) and the naan pizza. Great cocktails too. 
The food is better than Bindi and its less pretentious and more interesting than Tashan. Seriously. A new favorite in midtown village.Just tried to eat here but it's restaurant week only. Also, one of the first places I've been where they didn't accommodate my request to sit beside my husband. This place had really good ratings and decor but alas, off to Cuba Libre instead.I had the pleasure of sampling the life changing "Drums of Heaven", at the Midtown Village Festival and it was love at first bite.
A friend & I made a reservation (which I STRONGLY suggest doing) for a Saturday evening and we were seated immediately. The place is beautiful, candlelit tables, great service and knowledgeable servers a very intimate setting (yes by intimate I do mean small). 
The food, seemingly looks like it wouldn't be filling (clearly I was an Indian food virgin), I had the Seafood Moilee (I may have spelled that incorrectly) along with the drums of Heaven and everything was perfect, the food came out in a timely manner, no complaints about that whatsoever. The only thing I'd suggest is to request to be seated near the wall, as we were seated in the center and constantly had to deal with being bumped by bussers, waiters & waitresses and passersby.We went here for the restaurant week and sampled the fixed course. I was not happy about the lack of vegetarian entrees on the restaurant week menu. [Yes I could have ordered the main menu but I wanted to sample the 'specials'] 
The food was pretty damn good, it did exceed my expectations but it wasn't the most authentic. After going up and down the coast and sampling the Indian restaurants I appreciate good stuff but I still can never find many places with the authentic taste. 
The restaurant is a bit tight with space but is tastefully decorated. It is definitely expensive and not your weekend takeout staple.Amazing
Crispy spinach chaat was so good! I could of ordered  a second had another glass of wine and been satisfied. However we ordered more and everything was amazing! Paneer masala lamb and the special seafood dish!! I can wait to go back. Our waitress was wonderful, making perfect suggestion!Checked in on 8/1/2016.
They have express lunch specials in which you can choose one savory snack and one entree.  We ordered 2 of these deals:
1) Crispy Spinach Chaat and Lollipop Lamb Chops:  The chaat and lamb chops were excellent.  The spinach was crispy and the sauce coating the spinach was a perfect balance of tangy and sweet.  The lamb was soft and had nice marination.  I am biased towards Lamb sourced from New Zealand and when I see those magic words on the menu card of a restaurant, I can't help but order the dish.  The only complaint with lamb chops was that they were smaller than I've eaten in other comparable restaurants.  Now, I also have to add that price at IndeBlue for this dish was lower than the other restaurants.  So, I guess, you pay less and you get less.  
2) Drums of heaven and Malai Kofta Bukhara:  Drums of heaven were cooked perfectly and were big in size.  I would have liked them more if they were spicier and not so sweet.  Malai Kofta was excellent.  The gravy had lot of flavor, the koftas were soft and tasty.
I would rate the food 4.75/5.
Service was exactly what I expect when I eat out.  The timing between the courses was perfect, the temperature of the food was hot when served, the plating of the food was good, the utensils were clean, the hostess was polite, the server asked if we were done before removing the empty plates.  Everything was perfect.  Service was 5/5.
Summary:  IndeBlue is a beautifully decorated restaurant, in downtown Philly, that serves tasty Indian cuisine with high service standards.So good!  Excellent, high quality Indian Food.  The best naan I have ever had, which is a bold statement!What a great find, my bae took me here for my birthday. It's a great spot, we really liked the decor and dim lighting, a perfect spot for a date night or a dinner night with family. 
We tried their multi course meal and we were blown away by the food and service. We tried -
1) Crab Dosa and Fish Tacos for Apps
2) Shrimp Curry and Panner Masala, with assorted naans as entrees
3) Kulfi, Chocolate Mousse with tea as the last course
We really liked the flavor profile of our food, everything was really good but Crab dosa was my favorite, though we were hesitant to try dosa with seafood filing but it turned out to be really delicious.Our server was super nice and the service was extremely good. 
Thank you, IndeBlue for making my birthday special.Came to 13th street with a hankering for brunch and wanted Green Egg Cafe; the wait was too long so on a whim I wandered in here, following the "brunch" sign outside and having no idea it was an Indian infusion joint. Sooooo glad I did! Enjoying an amazing spicy chicken and waffles now after an appetizer of a lamb meat poutine and washing it down with a chai sangria. Great find!Awesome service. Food was excellent (pork bhuna, scallops, spinach chaat, kheer). Service was top notch. Bar tender was super friendly. Love the spicy cocktails. Especially the lychee chili margarita.I've been there twice now. First time with a big party and the food was pretty tasty and service was great.
Second time was even better. We went for the tasting menu - you get to pick two dishes out of each section of their menu - and the food was just unbelievable. Lamb skewers, barbecued pork and stuffed eggplant were remarkable. Service was again spot on.Visiting from out of town and was drawn to this place after walking the streets....the food was phenomenal and the service was even better. 5 stars. I had tofu chili and vegetable samosa. Excellent!I often dont love when Indian food is dressed up and become fancy. I have been to several such establishments in DC and NY and usually just leave feeling like though I ate good food I would love some more of the more traditional dishes or at least takes on them. IndeBlue manages to provide good service charming decor while cooking up some traditional (with slight twists) indian dishes. The Naan is executed perfectly with tremendous fluff and flavor. One of the most popular dishes seemed to be the fried cauliflower which was a huge portion though in my opinion not flavorful enough. Overall a great indian restaurant in Philadelphia, possibly my favorite.Great fusion of indian and western flavors. 
I had the spicy chicken and waffles which had a nice zing and my wife had the chicken tikka wrap. 
Only issue was that we got there without a reservation and they said all of their tables were booked. We sat at the bar without a problem, but there were tables open the entire time we were there up until we left. Unclear why they wouldn't seat us back food was great so I"d recommend it!It took a while to have meal ready but the bartender was really nice and cute.
The food we ordered was good specially the chicken and pancake one. Love it! Don't recommend curry platter. Not that good in my opinion.Live music, crispy spinach chat and thali, just made my Sunday lunch a memorable one.I initially came here just to wait for friends who were LATE. I became enamored with the elegant decor and tasty food! Good for Indian food lovers as well as those who are wary of the cuisine. My favorite thing is the gharwali, sort of pita with mozzarella and baby spinach baked inside. Totally wonderful. They easily accommodate vegan and gluten free eaters and the staff is very friendly and efficient. You can get a drink an app for under $10 or get the chef's tasting menu with wine for $65. Lots of options in between these price points. Gorgeous and delicious!a celiac dream, "regular" eater-of-foods dream, too! lovelovelove They have cider too. (Gluten free naan is a bit pancake-y for me), but I've never had a bad meal there. Small spot so don't expect to go with a large amount of peopleI had lunch here today and opted for the non vegetarian thali for $17 (over the lunch special of starter and entree). The thali consisted of lamb korma, chicken tikka masala, dal makhani, mixed indian pickle, raita, 5 naan quarters and kheer. Each dish was surprisingly full of flavor. I would highly recommend this place for lunch.Hands down the best indian food in Philly. Dal Makhani is to die for. The crispy spinach chat is a great concept and texturally brilliant. Not to miss at all.Great food and Live Sitar and Tabla you can't ask for more! !! Came here for our first anniversary and we had a great time. A must go for all the indian who miss the indian thali specially.Philly isn't known for its Indian food, but Indeblue is hands down the best option in the city. It is an upscale restaurant with a beautiful ambiance in the heart of Center City. The food is incredible and service is knowledgeable and fantastic. Tables aren't terribly difficult to get so I don't think you even need to make a reservation unless it's during prime brunch hours. Happy hour offerings are terrific. The tikka naan pizza here is the bomb and a great deal at $5! Their express lunch is also great at $15. Their spinach chaat is very popular but I'm not a fan. Personal menu highlights: chicken madras, chicken makhani, and tikka naan pizza. I've also ordered catering from here for a school event and it was executed smoothly. 5/5Excellent and innovative Indian cuisine. The cocktails are also original and elegant - try the spicy lychee martini or the mango margarita. Beautiful restaurant and very attentive service. 
Happy hour or late night is an awesome deal - all drinks and apps are between $4-$5 - truly a steal. Our expectations were exceeded - definitely a must go.I was at IndeBlue the other week. Very beautiful restaurant! The host (Danielle) was very nice, friendly, and accommodating. The staff were very professional, knowledgeable, and outgoing. I had a great experience with Jared and Julie. Both wonderful servers and people. I hear the owners are very friendly, caring, and treat their staff like family. That's always great to hear! I was able to speak with one of them (Heather). She wanted to make sure everything was to my satisfaction and she even sent out a complimentary appetizer after she found out this was my first time here. She was incredibly nice and friendly. I shared quite a few laughs with her as well. If I could, I'd give them 10 stars, but 5 stars will have to suffice for now. Can't wait to go back!Crispy spinach chaat. Crispy cauliflower. Sali boti poutine. Get. These. Things.I have visited this restaurant twice since July. Every dish I have tried has been delicious. The decor adds to the overall experience. I highly recommend dining here.Fabulous food for brunch. Indian fare but some traditional American options. Beautiful decor, live music and excellent service.Came here last night with a friend and really enjoyed the Indian Fusion concept. We both are Indians and know Indian food quite well. The spices were done immaculately, however the mushroom dosa was greasy and there was way too much oil! I felt that the veggie entrees dishes were less fusion however and did  have some different accents that I hadn't tasted or experiment with more myself! The ambience is great, a little crowded and noisy after a certain hour... but what good restaurant isn't in the city! Definitely a worthwhile date night spot. And vegetarian / gluten-free friendly!Such incredible service! Our waiter was super patient with our big party of people and was attentive to everything that we needed.
The food we had was authentic and so flavorful. I had a masala chicken with rice. My friends ordered the chicken and waffles as well as the dosa, all of which were delicious. 
Definitely recommend if you're here for breakfast, or for bottomless drinks!I and my colleague went to this place after it was suggested by a local client. I like the spicy long hot peppers appetizer and apple jalebi dessert, although the dessert was a little sour. The menu is designed so that people not familiar with Indian cuisine can order easily. They do not have a list of curry, daal and bread you could order from. They have combos (entrees) you can order, that comes with curry and bread (naan) or rice. I ordered malai kofta and my colleague ordered some curry with shrimp. But our curry was the same. I just had kofta in mine and he had shrimp. I wasn't impressed by that. They have just one or two type of rice and they serve that in the entrees. If you want a menu that you can understand easily then pick this place. If you want to order curry, naan, rice separately then this is not the place. I would go there again for the appetizers. Some of them looked good.Came here for the first time last Saturday and was really impressed. This is a really good indian restaurant in the city. It's not authentic indian but it's more modernized indian. The food is amazing here some of my favorites are the drums of heaven and the seared scallops. The drums of heaven have a nice spice to it and it's not overwhelming spicy and everything in the dish complements well. Seared scallops are out of this world it goes especially with the sambar it just makes the dish even better. For those not in the city not to worry they have a location in collingswood, so def try it out you won't regret it.I came here during Restaurant Week for lunch with a group of friends. All four of us were extremely pleased. We all ordered something different for all three courses so that we could taste everything. We were blown away each time. 
We were even starting to become cynical after how wonderful the appetizers were. Very often, the next course disappoints but we were completely wrong.
The next time I visit Philadelphia I will definitely revisit IndeBlue. The beautifully decorated interior makes this place extra special to dine in. The service was wonderful as well. 
The cuisine is Indian with a modern spin. Wonderful job!We ate here yesterday at the tail end of brunch and it was some of the most amazing and innovative Indian food we've had. We got the cheese board which was so creative, authentic, and delicious! I also got the veggie samosas which were amazing and my partner got masala potatoes and an egg wrap which was also phenomenal. Great cocktails and service too!Glad to find beautiful indian restaurant in the hood. Tried their vegetable samosa, spicy scallop and shrimp crusted salmon. They were all good! 
Samosa was crispy and deliciously seasoned. Scallop and salmon were great.  I really liked the ambiance, it was lively and was perfect for grabbing some yummy food and enjoy conversation. I tried the lassi as well. And was rich and creamy as I like. I wish I tried their crispy chaat. Looked really but no one wanted to order so we skipped it. I will definitely try that dish next time I am there. 
The service was very professional and kind.Me and a good friend of mine decided to try this spot for Happy Hour yesterday (3/31). OMG I can't belive I've gone all this time without their food in my life...AMAZING, I got the spinach chaat (tastes like general tso chicken, I kid you not!), The pizza naan and the drums of heaven. All were on the HH menu for only $4 dollars each!!! This has been added to my list of favorites spots!We went to IndeBlue for a different Christmas Eve experience (tradition usually dictates Chinatown, but last year we realized everyone's discovered Chinese food on Christmas Eve Our secret's out!). Excellent food, great ambiance. Our server was very lovely, despite the fact that she was working on Christmas Eve, and their cocktails were fantastic. We'll be back!Inde Blue is a lovely intimate spot with great food. Please know that the hours have changed. We walked in at 10:55pm on a Saturday and sadly learned they were closing at 11pm.Great concept, delicious food. We enjoyed our valentines day dinner here.  Some of the items were classic indian restaurant items, such as a savory black lentil daal, and others were not classic at all, like the lobster tail, hudson valley foie gras on garam masala challah, and crispy spinach.  I'd go back and try more items on their menu, like the shrimp skewers, chicken and chutneys, etc. I was told by my indian friend beforehand "it's indian food like you've never tried before," and I would agree.  It didn't have the service aspect that some of my favorite places have had to earn the fourth and fifth star.  We were initially greeted in an awkward manner by the hostess, but this did not take away from the food, I won't dock the restaurant a star for that at this time.Ambiance: 4 Stars (It was a little too dark in there but the decor and vibe is nice)
Presentation of Food: 4 Stars 
Service:4 Stars 
Food: 3 Stars-We tried the following items:
Butter Chicken was good, but the portion of rice, very small; Corn salad (which was delicious); the order of nan (okay); brussel sprouts and sweet potato (mushy), vegetable samosa (good); avocado chaat (flavorless); and banana donuts (best thing of the night).  Although I enjoyed my experience here, I can't say I'd go back because the food is much to mediocre for the price.Visited on a Monday. Definitely nice setting, friendly and quite informative staff. Can't say I was impressed with the food. "Heavenly drumstick" were subpar at best, cauliflowers were decent but felt like it was done hastily. Chicken tikka was decent. Not sure if it's because it was a Monday but it did not meet my expectations after reading all the reviews. I've definitely had better indian food experience. Overall, would recommend to check it out, sit for a nice choice of wine and beer. Know the food you're ordering.My SO and I decided to check out IndeBlue for lunch this past Sunday and it also happened to be restaurant week. We came around 1130 and the host seated us right away since the restaurant opened at 11 on Sundays. Our server came by to greet us soon after and explained the restaurant week menu along with few recommendations. He was very knowledgeable, attentive and friendly. The restaurant's interior was cozy and intimate with a purple wallpaper and pretty lights/candles. For drinks, we got the chai sangria and spicy bloody mary. I liked the chai sangria a lot, your typical sangria with a touch of chai flavor. The spicy bloody mary was not our favorite and we would not get this again. The pepper taste was a bit too strong that it took away the overall flavor of the drink. For entree, we got chicken tikka makhani and masala dosa. The portions were generous and we were pretty full by the time desserts arrived. The chicken tikka makhani was my favorite. The coconut flavor curry flavor combined with the butter chicken was heaven! The safron rice added to the meal making it hard to resist myself from keep eating it. The masala dosa came with three sauces to dip and a roll up crepe like with fillings inside. It was authentic and each sauce added a nice flavor to the crepe. For a price of $20 during restaurant week, I thought it was so worth it. Great food at a decent price! Can't really beat that. Thanks IndeBlue for a great experience :)Let me first say, I'm new to Indian food. We're in the beginning stages of what I am sure will be a life long love affair, but at this point I'm certainly no expert in the cuisine. What I really love about Indian so far is its rustic-ness and its stewed meats that take nothing but patience and love. Indeblue did not strike me as rustic in the slightest, this was a more refined, modernized Indian that lost some of that comforting hominess I've come to enjoy. I came to Indeblue with a group of friends for brunch during restaurant week. While I enjoyed my meal, I definitely wasn't blown away like I have been at the cozier family run Indian spots. 
For starters I got the spinach chaat. Dare I say this was like a fried salad. Literally little baby spinach leaves in a very very light batter fried until crisp. It was topped with some sauces, a sweet chile sauce and a creamy sauce. I've never had anything like this, it was delicious albeit not very filling. 
For my entree I got the spicy chicken and waffles. I was honestly pretty let down by this. Don't get me wrong, it was good. The waffles were made well, the chicken was juicy and crispy. But they really failed to deliver on the spice. There was a sriracha drizzle and that was it. I don't need my palate burned out, but if you say spicy I want some spice. Not even necessarily heat spice, Indian chefs are literally masters of balancing spices. Even if it just had some cumin or curry in the batter, that would have made this stand out. 
Dessert was a flight of some little goodies. I did really enjoy these perfect little bites to end the meal. The first was a rice pudding with some pistachios, the second a little banana donut doused in a luxurious caramel and finally a thick chocolate mouse covered in coconut. 
Overall this was an enjoyable meal but not a "run don't walk" here kind of place. With that said, I wouldn't mind coming back for the full menu not during restaurant week.Loved the drumsticks. Decent taste, but high quality. Go try their food it's pretty palatable. The curries are a little too sweet, control on that and you have a winner.It's about time I started reviewing. Lived near Collingswood, NJ (location of IndeBlue's first joint) for several years and never really gave it a chance. Moved into Philly and IndeBlue followed along opening up their location a half a block from where I live in Center City. The Wash Square West location is pretty amazing. Classy decor, friendly waitstaff, and (though we didn't partake) the bar you pass to get to the dining room looked very inviting.
The fiance liked her Bombay Punch (Bombay Gin, grapefruit and pineapple juice with mint) but the food - the food definitely made the night. We did small plates so no entree review here but each plate kept us wanting more (in a good way). HIghly recommend the Duo Samosa, the U-10 Scallops (with a coconut milk-curry sauce that was even more incredible when lapped up by Naan), and finally - the Chickpea battered Sweet Potato Pakora (could have eaten at least 3 plates of those). We ended with the Stuffed Squash with saffron rice.
It's a little pricey but worth every penny. They even allowed us a taste of several of their chutneys as well as some Gazpacho to start off. For those that want a modern take on traditional Indian cuisine - IndeBlue delivers. Will be back for sure.We were in the neighborhood hopping from happy hour to happy hour and hungry and so happy to find this place on yelp. They have AMAZING happy hour deals with delicious food and GREAT drinks. The food was unexpectedly really good and definitely motivated me to come back next time I'm in Philly. Noise level can get a little louder in the evenings as they get busy. Go try their cocktails! Awesome friendly service.I have been wanting to try out this place since it opened. It's located in gayberhood one of the most happening location in Philly yet I happened to pass by! 
I think the place is worth a try. I found the place to be on the higher end $$$. The decor and vibe is formal yet bustling. The service was great. In terms of food I think the $ is not worth the quantity! My bill was $69.00 for two people. I ordered paneer masala, malai kofta, naan, and he spinach chaat. 
Overall, the place did not meet my high expectations however I would def take someone I was trying to impress here! I have heard the brunch is better and def do plan on going back in for brunch!This was a great place for a group of guys to meet up on our first day in Philly. They are a bit strict on the whole party being there before you are seated - but also didn't give us grief about having two last minute cancellations from our party. Granted - 6 of us did show up. 
Everything I tried, even non-traditional indian food like hummus, was really tasty. Portions varied greatly in size, but were described well so that was okay. Price point was a tad high, but they made up for in a great atmosphere and competent servers. 
The only part I have to dock them for was not splitting the check. Fortunately we were all out for the weekend together, so we made things work - but there is no reason in the day and age that you can't split a check.This was my first time at an Indian restaurant and it blew me away. Everything was exceptional. The flavor in every single dish was so complex and decadent. The tasting for $37 per person is a great deal. We had the following, all of which I highly recommend:
Crispy Spinach Chaat (an absolute must, better then you can imagine)
Drums of Heaven (reminded me a little of an Indian version of general tsao's chicken)
Lollipop Lamb Chops
malai kofta bukhara, basically a vegetarian meatball in an amazing sauce
lamb rogan josh 
     Also the Nan bread was very good, especially when dipped in the amazing sauces. I can not wait to come back and try other dishes. Our waiter was very knowledgeable so his recommendations were spot on.Great restaurant. Great food. This place is always packed so make reservations. And it's not cheap either. You can easily spend $60 to $100 and come out hungry (just like pretty much every other restaurant in the area). The quantities per entree are tiny. I recommend you stick to the happy hour. The drinks are good and the appetizers are not bad. 
I give it 3 stars for good food and service. I am taking away 2 stars for very less quantity and being too pricey.If you're looking for the BEST Indian food, look no further! It's a very welcoming restaurant with a great atmosphere. It's somewhat of a small restaurant (but worth it!). The staff was also very kind and helped with any questions on the menu. I've also tried the one in Collingswood which is just as good. However, this one in Philly is a little "fancier." Either way, they're both exceptional! Enjoy!This review is purely a happy hour cocktail review. I will be back to review food and regular menu very soon. 
So, I like happy hours for two reasons. 1.) getting together with a friend who you haven't seen in a while and really want to catch up with, but you both have such crazy schedules that all you can fit in is a happy hour, and 2.) Partake in a solo cocktail while I read or introspect, or think big life thoughts and simultaneously not break the bank.
Either way, I love relatively small, quiet but interesting and alive places. Indeblue more than fits this bill.
Good, strong cocktails for a happy hour, friendly and non invasive service, perfect balance of calm and vibrant.I'm glad a made a reservation, because the place was packed on a Saturday night, even after 9pm.
Came here with a bunch of friends. Unfortunately some of my friends were finicky and didn't want the tasting menu because it was too much food for them...so because the entire table couldn't do the tasting menu, we had to order a la carte. It would have been a bit cheaper to do the tasting menu. Which is a reasonable price.
Anyway, nothing in particular really stood out. The bbq pork samosas were less samosa, more bbq pork egg rolls. And the bbq pork was really really sweet. Not a well rounded flavor. The sauce it was served with (some white sauce) had a very indistinct flavor and only served to increase my calorie consumption and mask the sweetness of the bbq sauce. So, this dish was only ok.
The bread basket, consisting of several types of their homemade breads, didn't really vary much. I felt like they all tasted a bit like garlic naan. This didn't stand out at all and is very overpriced.
The nawabi subzi would have been better if everything weren't so finely diced, I think. It certainly would have been easier to eat. But honestly, the flavors weren't very enticing. We mainly just ate them to get our vegetables.
The paneer saag also was very underspiced. I'm not talking about spicy, but rather seasoning. It was just rather bland. I could make better saag in my sleep. Except I'd probably burn down my condo because that stuff takes a while and I have a gas stove.
The tandoori mixed grill was equally bland. I'm going to go out on a limb here and say this is the worst "tandoori" that I've ever had. It had virtually no seasoning at all. Even the chicken, which was covered in some sort of a green sauce (mojito sauce?), was dry and surprisingly unflavorful. How do you get chicken to be green AND have no flavor? That takes some skill, come to think of it.
Now, the goat mirch masala was quite good. Usually when I get goat curry it's from a shady buffet/takeaway, and of course the flavor at those places are much better. But at least this is goat, so retains flavor naturally, pretty well. And the sauce here was good, just understated again. AKA whitewashed for non-Indian people. But a major plus is that it was just meat -- no chunks of fat or bone which is typical of goat curry in other spots. It was served with a separate green cilantro rice to complement the flavor. I wouldn't say that added much.
We also had a scallop dish, which consisted of 3 large sea scallops in a reddish curry. This was by far and away the best dish here. Not even so much the scallops, but the sauce itself. It was really great. Sadly, we started with this, and the meal went downhill from there.
Anyway, the food here isn't creative enough to merit getting much of the fusion, and the traditional Indian dishes are better served in a real Indian restaurant that isn't afraid of offending Western palates.
Service was nice, but average. Drinks sound creative, but fall flat as well. E.g. one with scotch and a fig mixture...could barely taste that it's fig, even though it was clearly visible. How are they doing that??
This would have been a two star review if it weren't for the scallops and the goat curry.Very good service and beverage. We ordered naan and curry. Frankly I do not know hot to spell them but it was good. The chicks is dry and I think that's the only thing to improve...no wifi but they have their own musicians playing!Food: 3/5
- Good for people who want Indian fusion.
- Most of the food tasted like sauces on different items (paneer wasn't marinated).
- Everything tasted relatively similar. 
- Drinks weren't anything special but they were strong! 
Service: 4/5
- Josh, our server, was incredibly friendly and attentive! 
- Hosts/Hostesses were friendly.
Ambiance: 4/5
- Semi-casual attire for dinner, casual for lunch.
- We were seated immediately.
Would we go back? Yes (for happy hour & introducing people to Indian food).Our family went there on a Friday late afternoon before we visited the Chinese lantern festival.
We had the chef's sampling and ordered two apps, one small plate and two entrees. I honestly forget all the names of the dishes but the food was fresh, tasty and the service was delightful. The young lady just started recently but she was very helpful in our choices, friendly and professional as can be. I had the great river (?) beer which paired nicely with the meal. Only drawback was we went at happy hour and even though the place was empty in the dining area when we got there, the hostess seated us next to the bar. We should have requested to move but I thought maybe they didn't have wait staff yet in the other areas though it was after 5 :/ my bad.. And hostess poor seating selection for a family. We really couldn't hear each other at and near the end hurried thru our meal just to get some quiet outside.
Again, very good Indian food and presented nicely as well.I needed to make a last minute reservation last night and was able to get one at IndeBlue. 
Wow - I'm not sure how I missed this place, but I need to come back to happy hour. Prices for entrees were a little steep but everything was perfect, the food, the service, and the vibe.We had an incredible meal here following the flower show. Everything was flavorful and cooked to perfection.  The decor is beautiful.  My only suggestion is to dim the bar lighting.Indeblue has amazing service, it's totally low key with a sexy ambiance. I loved it so much, from the food to the drinks (please try the Rose Mimosa at anytime of day), you will not be disappointed.it was my second night there couple days ago. the ambiance was always awesome. this location is the perfect place for a date. there were artists playing drums and guitar which surprised me. but it was still cool. 
their drinks were pretty good. I had the mango lassi and it was made just right. Not too sweet and not too sour. We had the family style menu so we can share food and try different things. their food tend to be more spice. we got the chicken tikka masala and goat masala. So for the folks who cannot eat spicy food like me, make sure you drink a lot of water. (or get a mango lassi to easy the burning sensation) The naan breads and the rice were really good. Me and my friend's favorite were actually the dessert. The caramel fried banana and the cinnamon ice cream were to die for. Even though we were really full but we still manage to chew that thing down. 
overall I will definitely come back to try out different things on the menu.Visited with a group for lunch and we enjoyed the meal. Samosa chaat, palak chaat, koftas and bhaturas were the highlights. Didn't care much for the paneer tikka or channa masala. 
Dessert took forever to come out and it was pretty disappointing.. banana nirvana.. ordered this based on the stellar reviews but it did not live up. The jamun was waaaay too hard. Inside and out like a rock!! My party left most of it uneaten :/ wish we'd ordered just ice cream instead..A good foray into the Indian restaurant scene in philadelphia. A better experience and more authentic than Tashan and extremely tidy compared to palace at the Ben. Food was good however missed the mark as they were missing true authenticity of Indian food. As an Indian I found the cuisine to lacking some of the spicyness and taste we get on the sub continent. Staples such as chutney and papadum were excluded and basics at every Indian restaurant. The one star is for service as we had reservations for 8pm and were not seated till 845pm. They clearly overbooked and made no excuses for that. Poor front end management, when I complained to the manager I was offered a seat at the bar and food at the bar.  Why make a reservations and pretend to be a an authentic fine dining experience when you have not mastered basic restaurant management.Some of the best Indian food I've had. Everything with stellar: food, cocktails, service, and interior. Went during restaurant week and was impressed with the portion size. The chai tea cocktail and crispy
spinach appetizer were especially excellent.Woah - what a great experience!  The food was superb, but what really made the experience a five star one was our server.  Bennett was more than helpful with choosing dishes that we would enjoy and also was thoughtful of our diverse dietary needs.  He recommended an appetizer and said that if we didn't like it he would pay for it - we LOVED it! We all know that if the service is awesome you tend to enjoy your meal that much more.  That being said, even if you had a "meh" server at IndeBlue, I'm certain that you would be quite pleased with your meal. Thank you Bennett!we had the most amazing server ever. we were a group of 12 with a reservation for 9, and half our party showed up an hour late. our server was so kind and caring, bringing us complimentary drinks while we complained about our tardy friends and keeping a smile on his face the whole time. at one point a person in our party got some bad news and wanted to stress-smoke a cigarette, our server went out of his way to ask one of his coworkers for a smoke and give it to our friend. 
the food was great too, but honestly this server was the best i've ever seen and i would go back for his service alone. i didn't catch his name but sir, we (a group of former servers and chefs), commend you.I'm weary of upscale versions of ethnic cuisine but IndieBlue manages to make it work effortlessly. Where Tashan failed, IndieBlue succeeds. The bar bites actually steal the show- they would do well to incorporate those elements more into their primary menu.The Rose mimosa was wonderful. It smells like perfume and has a crisp bright sweetness of champagne with just a hint of fruit. 
We were there for brunch and we got the spicy chicken and waffles and the pancakes. The food is good but was overshadowed by the mimosa. 
The chicken on the waffles is a full wing and a half of a breast, which was marinaded before cooking. A lightly spiced but good portion- be prepared to spend some time separating the meat from the bones.If I was rating on food alone it would be 5 stars...the food was awesome. It was a party of 10 of us and we all agreed the food was really really good. There were a few things that occurred that made me knock off a star...1)being charged for 2 items that was supposed to be taken off our bill, but I caught and had it removed. 2) It taking a while for us to receive our food,  3) not being able to separate our bill and them only taking 2 CC max,  4) The staff not clearing our table of the dirty plates in a timely fashion even after I asked them to remove them and 5) the bartender giving someone in our party an alcoholic drink when she asked for the non-alcoholic version and then asking the rest of us at the table if we wanted her drink after she already drank from it and we told him she drank from it & he kept trying to offer it to us for "free"...like wth? I highly suggest that if you make a reservation for a larger party, make sure you tell everyone to just bring cash. I've been to IndeBlue several times for Happy Hour, this was my 1st time for brunch. I'd go again for brunch but just not with a large party...We tried the spinach appetizer and the non vegetarian thali. Both of the choices were amazing. I was not a big fan of the waiter that approached us the first time, seemed to be the bartender. The sarcasm in his tone was annoying and frustrating when you're at a place for the first time and looking for suggestions. However, the waiter that replaced him was a true gentleman. And we had the greatest time with the savory dishes! :-)Going downhill. 
Used to be my favorite Indian place in philly. But then they got published in the magazine. Now more crowded and, unfortunately, food feels more 'mass produced' - oily and bland. Very disappointed in my latest visit.This is our second time here. We came especially for unique selection of cocktails and crispy spinach appetizer. We now have tried almost all their dishes in happy hour. $6 cocktails and $5-$4 apps. Damn neat deal. The food comes off very fast. 
Things we didn't like:
1. Happy hour is only at the bar. Which means the small bar bear the entrance gets very crowded and people waitong look at u with hungry eyes
2. The bartender tries ro rush u into orders and takes away plates while u r eating. It happened on both the occasions. Not cool.
But over all a decent place for HH and unique cocktails.The food is awesome... Service even better...I highly recommend the chef trading menu... Although it is a littler buy too much for one person... But you can Teetu many items on the menu.no went with spinach chat awesome, chicken drum rule awesome, lamb rack awesome, lamb rogan josh awesome, paneer butter masala awesome chocolate dessert awesomeThree of us went there and enjoyed everything we had immensely. Drinks, appetizers and entrees were all delectable.  We were visiting the city and have actually considered doing the 3 hour drive (one way) again, just to eat at this place. We had to wait about a 3-4 weeks before we could even consider eating another Indian  Indian place because we knew nothing would be as good. He had to come down from the "IndiBlue high". Now we will be "chasing the IndiBlue Dragon's-Tail", if you know what I mean.The service here is amazing, the staff are knowledgeable and attentive. We had some wine-related questions and our server was able to help us pick what would go well with our meal. We decided to go with several smaller plates and a bread basket. We got the shrimp and vegetable skewers and the BBQ pork samosas (the blue cheese dip for this was amazing). Indieblue has amazing ambience that I have not experienced in other restaurants!!This is a great upscale Indian restaurant! Perfect for a date night or special occasions. The decor is beautiful. We came here for husband's birthday and loved it. Spinach chaat was perfectly crispy. We ordered the malai kofta and it was the best malai kofta I've ever had! The koftas were soo soft and the gravy was so rich and had the perfect blend of spices. The drinks were good and strong as well. They have quite a variety on the menu including appetizers and small plates. Only thing is that the portions are very small but I feel this is typical of any upscale restaurant.This is a fun, upscale twist on Indian food.  I especially love their Spinach Chaat and the lamb lollipops.  If you can make it there for happy hour, it's a great deal!Some of the best Indian food I've had in my life.  The short rib samosa was a delicious starter, although it's a little more egg roll seaming than samosa.  I had the chicken tikka for my main course and I wolfed down as much as possible.  Usually chicken tikka is a little too sweet for my taste.  However, this chicken tikka was perfectly seasoned with a slight kick and delicious sauce.  I couldn't eat enough of the sauce and soaked up the sauce with my rice.  We also shared a roti stuffed with nuts that was sweet and delicious.  It tasted like the stuffing of bahklava put into a piece of naan.  Delicious!
The ambiance is great for a date with pretty interior decorating, a nice bar at the front and a classy but casual ambiance.  The servers were attentive and friendly.  This restaurant will definitely be added to my list of regulars when I visit Philly.Rich Ambiance, Perfect Light and Good Staff. The food was really good and perfect quantity. We ordered Masala Bloody Mary which was a well made drink. For appetizers we ordered Chilled Dahi Avacado Chaat, Mangalorean Crispy Vegetable and Vegetable Shashlik Skewer - All tasted so good. We were 6 people and Dahi Avacado has just 5 pieces - the staff was flexible to add one more piece to it by charging a little extra. We then shared the Veg Thali between 2 of us and was sufficient considering the appetizers we had. there are 2 veggies, raita, mango chutney, dal makhani, rice and hot eggplant bhajiya. This is served in a Thali and it so much reminded of home. We felt like we are sitting in Mumbai at some high end dhaba enjoying the delicious food. The veggies had paneer makhanwala and spinach chana - mouth watering! We replaced the normal naan with lasooni naan and it was a good decision. To add to the meal we ordered Mango lassi which was again good. We all enjoyed the food and I believe it has a lot of options for Vegetarians.I would definitely recommend this place. Anytime I feel like having Ghar Ka Khana..it is IndeBlue. Also since it was Sunday afternoon they had Sitar and Tabla playing Live on the Background...very soothing to ears. My friends visited Philly for first time and I am glad we picked this place as they all enjoyed it a lot.Excellent Indian food - a bit pricey, but you pay for the higher quality stuff. Some friends and I ordered off the restaurant week menu, which was prix fixe at $35 with multiple options per course and served family style. At the end of the night, I was glad I tried some tasty, more upscale Indian food, but for the price difference, I think I might actually prefer the good Indian buffets you'll find in University City. Good place to go for a change of pace though and more unique/creative offerings.
1st course:
+ Vegetable samosa chaat - pretty standard but good, not incredibly different from samosas you'll find elsewhere
+ Spinich chaat - my favorite of the first course. Incredibly crispy fried spinach flakes and paired perfectly with the accompanying sauce
+ Tandoori shrimp skewer - tasty and came with a delicious, creamy/spiced sauce
2nd course:
+ Shrimp & crab moilee - a bit too "seafood" tasting for a curry but still good. The crab & shrimp bits were very tender and flavorful
+ Lamb balti - delicious and had a wonderfully savory, spiced, and developed flavor in the curry. I'm not a huge lamb fan, but I love lamb and goat in Indian curries somehow - maybe it's the richness of the meat paired w/ the spices/curry. tbh though, I think I actually prefer the goat curries that I've had at those Indian buffets near Penn campus.
+ Methi mutter malai - very creamy, basically used it as a sauce to soak up in the deliciously garlicky naan that came with our restaurant week meal, or the rice. 
Dessert sampler: Espresso ice cream w/ saffron rabri was probably my favorite - melt-in-your-mouth creamy with just the right level of coffee. I couldn't taste any effect of having saffron in there though. The ras malai was standard but good, and the peanut butter & jelly samosa was unique and satisfying. I also had a mango lassi, which was very thick but a bit too sweet for my taste and not strong enough on the mango flavor.