This place is great. Very helpful and great food. I asked for a new rare burger and when I got it I realized I should have said med well. They didn't just cook it more they gave me a whole new burger which was awesome! Nice place and people all very friendly.Very rude wait staff while waiting on a delayed plane. Was going to order something but I think I'll go elsewhere. Cheers.Thought burger was really good. Wine pours a little small and no true craft beers but I really loved my meal (subbed the fries for a salad) so gotta love that for an airport. I also liked the darker, calmer atmosphere for pre-travel worries.Waiting for my connecting flight, decided to grab a quick bite. I was actually quite pleasantly surprised with Independence Prime, as I generally have low expectations of airport restaurants.
The Good:
I got kale salad, dressing on the side (an option I specified via iPad menu). 
Hubby got steak and fries. Food came out quickly, and was delicious.
The entire restaurant team was working fast, serving a few dozen tables, and were a pleasure to watch, as they joked and teased one another.
The Bad:
Would have been nice if the server refilled our waters. 
The Ugly:
The ambience didn't quite land for a romantic dinner. Being 4 hours away from home and jet-lagged didn't help either.The food in this place is outstanding. I got a pulled chicken sandwich and it was the best chicken sandwich I've ever had. The onion rings were excellent as well. However, the service is terrible. Utterly terrible. When our server walked over we thought it was going to be a good experience. That was the last time we saw our server. We asked another server for more water. They brought over one glass for 4 people. I ended up grabbing a pitcher and watering our table. The horrible service doesn't make very much sense considering how many staff members they had on. 
If the service matched the food this would be a 5 star place. The service was so bad that I won't be back.Absolutely horrific service. The iPad was so frustrating to navigate, and it ended up closing my tab before I was done ordering. The fish that was posted out on the menu outside, was NOT on the iPad. The "call server" button either doesn't work, or Princess put me on the "pay no mind" list. Food came before I even got my water. Princess didn't come by, so I went in search for my own utensils. She came by later, but still no drink. The iPad then closed out my check, so when I went to order a beer, it was going to be separate. I called Princess over again, and waited. When she showed up, she said, "oh yeah, just swipe your card again". Really? She then told me she would come back to pick up my plate, but here's a picture of it 20 minutes later as I was getting up to go find a place with better service to give my money to. You are better off passing this place by, trust me! Food was ok, a little overpriced, even for an airport.
Side note... very annoying and unfair to ask for a tip as you place an order, since you have no idea what the service is going to be, especially if the system decides on its own to close your tab and charge you.Was flying out of Philadelphia airport and with time to kill, stopped here for lunch. I had high hopes for the place because it looked nice but personally, I think there has to be better options to eat in that airport. 
The food was just OK. I had the fish and chips, which came out nicely presented. The fish had a little too much batter so at times, I felt like all I was eating was batter. 
Again, if In the area, it has OK food but definitely weigh all nearby options.Had a little time on the way to Boston so grabbed a seat here, ordered a Bloody Mary and a Kale and Radicchio Salad - both were solidly good and not amazing and - for what you're paying - the portions could be more generous and the dish a little more imaginative. So, three stars. The wait staff was helpful and the set up was fast and user friendly. Good spirit selection at the bar.When in Philly, have a Philly Cheesesteak. This place serves up a mean cheesesteak topped with velvety cheese! It was hot and tasty to say the least. You order off a kiosk, which is a bit interesting. Not sure how refills worked, but it was well managed!Great place to brighten up your air travel!  The food and service were fantastic!  Very well organized for an opening day!  I recommend getting the Philly cheesesteak.  They do it right.I approached  the restaurant finding the menu appealing. Sitting down was a mistake. First, there's really no service as you order on a iPad and are forced to give a tip before you even have a received any food. Other than a delivery person putting food in front of your plate, there is zero service. Additionally, I was sitting right in front of the preparation area and the gentleman put my entrée  in front of me. I inquired where was my appetizer. He appeared to be a facilitator or manager and asked me if I really wanted to have my appetizer before I had my entrée. I asked him if he's ever had the appetizer before an entrée in a restaurant and he looked down. There is no way that I could figure out to obtain a written receipt upon paying. I was given the option of a receipt to my phone or a receipt to my Email. I will be forced to go back to the restaurant on my return flight as I never received either.  The food itself is quite flavorful. The salmon was well prepared as ordered and another appetizer was tasty. The wine choices were good. However the total service disaster experience or lack of service if I may be more correct would make me look at all the other excellent restaurant options and stay far far away from this no service option. There's more service at Chick-filet in the food courtAfter ordering two glasses of wine we watched the bartender pour the wrong wine. We asked her what she was pouring and she showed us the wrong wine. Our server then confirmed we ordered something different.  The bartender then put our drinks down below the counter and she spoke to the manager who happend to be sitting 6 feet from us. The bartender then went and served someone else.  She then told our server that our wine was ready.  They brought us the same two glasses. We asked for the manager.   The manager then informed us they did not have the wine we had ordered but he likes this other wine better.  The wine was not a better quality... but more importantly this restaurant tried to trick us instead of being honest.  We promptly went next door.  I don't have a problem with mistakes or running out of something... but being deceptive is not a way to run a business.This is an airport restaurant in Philadelphia terminal B.  I had a wedge salad which was nothing great and definitely overpriced.  I ordered steak on it, and they did give you quite a bit.  They were skimpy on everything else.  There was hardly any bacon and even less onions.  The blue cheese was also scarce.    
However on the ordering kiosk they should ask how you like your steak cooked.  I like mine rare but had no choice.  The bottom line is if you are traveling this is an ok place to eat, but expect to overpay.Food cold. Service horrible. They have you put the tip on prior to getting the service and now I know why. Pathetic in every way. Servers uninterested in doing a good job. The place was a pigsty. Get your act together.So I'm writing this while I sit here at the restaurant, and I haven't yet read any other reviews. For the past year I have been passing through Terminal B at PHL in anticipation for the evening when I might be trapped on a layover and well, just have to eat dinner at Independence Prime!  It looks like a high-end bar/club restaurant, with great seating, lighting, and a staff with a GREAT vibe... but my food sucks. I don't mind high prices, I get it, location location. The grille hearts of romaine caesar salad with shaved parmesan, homemade croutons, and homemade dressing was a disaster that tasted like a mass company catering order from a sub shop. chopped plain iceberg lettuce mixed with some romaine - none of it grilled, let alone with olive oil. The croutons were the sesame type out of a bag that taste awful with parmesan and garlic, the parmesan was te shredded kind out of a plastic bin, and the dressing was more of a garlic balsamic. My grilled shrimp that I ordered on top were unseasoned rubber - straight from the thawing bowl and onto the grill. I'd give the wine or noodle bars a shot before this place. Then again, perhaps a steak would be better since it's cooked fresh on the grill in front of you.I'm sitting here at the bar right now actually and the bartender just insulted me because he gave me someone else's drink instead of the one I ordered. This is the first time in my entire adult life I've had a bartender, at any restaurant, criticize me for their own mistake. I fly often out of PHL but I cannot possibly justify ever being a patron at this establishment ever again.Stopped by here for lunch in between flights. Food was outstanding (had the flat iron steak), and so was our server Chandler. He was always checking up on us and got everything to us promptly. The combination of the great food, outstanding service and the nice ambiance made it feel as if we weren't even at the airport. Will definitely be back next time I am flying out of PHL!Stopped in for quick bite! Was greeted by a young lady and offered a seat "anywhere you feel comfortable ". She was pleasant, attentive, and helpful. After I enjoyed my Philly Cheesesteak....had to do it!, I headed to my gate to wait for boarding. As I was sitting there, my server appeared to deliver a water bottle left behind by another passenger.  "I was hoping I would find you", she said to the ladies. Talk about going the extra mile....nice! I would highly recommend this establishment in terminal B. The food was good, the service was great!Staff was rude and inconsiderate to travelers stuck overnight due to bad weather who were resting at the gate next to their restaurant. Additionally, I watched one of the staff members drop a bin of clean silverware and then proceed to put it back in the clean bin and use it for customers. Absolutely disgusting.Absolutely LOVE this whole iPad ordering thing!! Sooo convenient!! My server ray recommended the grilled wings as an appetizer and I wasn't disappointed!! I fly often but have never seen this place till now. Will definitely be back!Food cold. Service horrible. They have you put the tip on prior to getting the service and now I know why. Pathetic in every way. Servers uninterested in doing a good job. The place was a pigsty. Get your act togetherMichael Rogers is the best bartender in the airport. Hands downs will come back again just for him. Good food and great drinks.Ordered a beer at gate B5. They charged my card, the status instantly changed to "meal delivered", and then... nothing.
No beer showed up. No information was displayed on my kiosk. I didn't know who to talk to or how to get in touch with them. 
After waiting for 25 minutes, no beer was delivered and I had to board my flight.
Enjoy getting my chargeback, ya bunch of scam artists.While waiting for a late afternoon flight in PHL i stopped by here for a quick bite of food. Server was super nice and extremely helpful. I was really craving sushi but all their options had avocado which I am allergic to. Because you order off of a screen and there was no way to add any notes to the order I couldn't specify that I wanted the roll without avocado. But thankfully I was able to stop my server in passing and he was super nice and told me to put the order in as is and he would go back to the kitchen to tell the chef to be sure to make it without the avocado. The roll was pretty fresh and was alright as far as sushi goes for me. Since it wasn't a sushi place I didn't expect it to be too high up on my scale but I enjoyed it. The side of fries didn't exactly match with the fact I had sushi but I'm glad I got them because they were nice and got and crispy. The drink was pretty good as well and at least let me feel like I was out on a beach somewhere. Definitely enjoyed getting a meal here while waiting for my flight.Beet salad is all greens - nothing like picture.  The quinoas cake appetizer is about as tasty as eating cotton pads.  Huge waste of money.We are waiting for our flight to Seattle and we ate a late lunch at Independence Prime.  Food was definitely 5 star quality and the service was as good as any 5 star restaurant.  We both had hamburgers but they were unbelievable.  What you find at any high end restaurant.  Andrea, the manager, asked several times if we needed anything.  So very professional.  One at the best in the airport.  Great selection of drinks too.Best service! We had the cutest server Princess who was so sweet and attentive! Made our 6 hour layover very pleasant . Good sandwiches and drinks if you need a quick bite !We were heading to our gate at PHL Airport and stumbled upon Prime. We sat at the bar and immediately were taken care of. Excellent wine, excellent food and excellent service. Especially enjoyed watching the staff put everything together right in front of us.....
This will be our Airport Travel Go-To... 100%!This is an excellent place for a drink and food. Crazy good for an airport. Came back from terminal D Chickie & Petes because the service with Michael and Brittany was do UCD better. The space is great also. I would recommend terminal B and Independent Prime at the bar.We started our vacation off right when we stopped for a Bloody Mary and Eggs Benedict before flying to Fort Myers.Independence Prime is a great place to grab a quick, quality meal before or after your flight. Roseanne is a sweetheart and makes sure all guests are enjoying their meals. Definitely check this place out if your passing gate B6.Was just looking for a quick sandwich between flights so I ordered the Philly Special. Porchetta, broccoli raab chimichurri and roasted pepper cream cheese on pretzel roll sounds fantastic. 
The Porchetta was fairly fatty and tasted like it was in the fridge for a couple days then warmed up in a microwave. The chimichurri was sparse. Cream cheese was good and the roll was okay but looked more pretzel roll than tasted like pretzel roll. 
Self order and pay was handy, waitress was good and brought my beverage and food out in a reasonable amount of time. Just expected a $17 Porchetta sandwich to have featured a better slice of Porchetta.I believe overwhelmingly that (most) people complete a Yelp review when they've had a negative experience at an establishment; while this is typically my modus operandi, please don't let it take away from the fact that I only complete a review when the service was not only poor, because in order for me to write the review, the service must have been totally unacceptable. 
Independence Prime - Philadelphia Airport. We seated ourselves placed an order the table-mounted iPads. None of the card readers were operative, so we flagged down our "waitress" who was dismissive and gave us instructions on how to fix it as she walked by and quickly moved out of range to be audibly intelligible. On her second pass, she paused long enough to repeat the instructions. As she completed her final sentence of the instructions, she started moving away again to which point I said, "excuse me, ma'am", and she wouldn't look at us, and continued to walk away. Her hostess podium/flatware stowage area was 5 feet from our table, so when I politely and discreetly waved at her, she walked to me as I asked for pickles and onions with my meal. She again, walked right to our table but then passed directly by without acknowledging. To that point, EVERY single time she walked past our table she would not even look at us. When we tried to address issues or make a request she would walk away knowing we were speaking. When she delivered my Diet Coke, she threw the straw in front me on the table and walked away.  To be clear, I do not, nor have I ever expected to be doted upon. But I do expect to be treated respectfully while paying for a service/meal. Her behavior was anything but, respectful. She would not look at us, and the only time she stopped at our table to was to deliver our food. 
Meal #1 - Cheeseburger.  I had to request onions three times. I had to request pickles three times. I had to request mayo three times, which she forgot. 
Meal #2 - Pastrami. Dry, cheese not melted, cheese was processed and had no flavor, and there was barely any meat on the sandwich and they forgot the caramelized onions which were to be standard on the sandwich. I realize this is an airport restaurant, however, when paying $50 for the above, the quality should not be what we saw here. 
This was disgusting service.  As I sit here in Prime right now writing this review, I can't even get a managers attention to address the issues.
Do not come to this restaurant.
UPDATE 7/15/2018:
As you'll see in the review comments, "OTG of Independence Prime" commented publicly and advised to email the specified address, which I did immediately. I added the email address and the recipient exchange to my safe sender list, and they had not contacted me, making certain to check Yelp messages, email, and junk mail. So I emailed them again, and received the following: 
"A member of our in-terminal team will be in touch with you. In the meantime, let me know if you need anything else".  So - a month later, nobody has followed up, I sent another email and they are refusing to follow up.My husband and I just ate here (like 5 minutes ago), and the cheeseburger and fries that we split were wonderful! The burger wasn't over cooked, and the fries were the perfect combo of crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside, and our drinks were delicious. They put a small wedge of parmesan cheese in their Bloody Marys (amazing), and their Screwdrivers taste like their made with fresh squeezed OJ. However, the real reason I am writing this review on behalf of both of us is because our server, Princess, gave us amazing customer service even though the ordering and payment are all through tablets. She made our experience feel like a traditional restaurant. She was attentive and kind to every customer we saw her interact with. So thank you, Princess, for making our last meal in Philly worthwhile before heading back to California!We happened upon this gem while waiting for our ride home from the airport. The servers were super fast and very helpful.  I had the most delicious pastrami sandwich. This was my favorite meal of the week ( and we just returned from NOLA)Stopped in for breakfast before our flight. The team was very accommodating to my needs of no dairy. Which would have made the rest of my day a complete night mare and my flight home horrible considering my flight home yesterday had already been canceled. Much appreciation to Haifa & Tyreek for taking care of me. Customer service should always be the first priority and your best product, they really amplified this sentiment. Thank you
Former BOH manager, waiter, customer service supervisorService was great! I've never had food this good in an airport. Thanks to Roseanne for the great service. The Airport tea was fantastic!Traveling on business and hungry, so I decided to splurge and give Prime a shot. Fancy looking place with a $15 cheesesteak. Man what a joke! Meager helping of meat, had to open it up to verify that there WAS cheese that I ordered, sparse mushrooms and peppers and to top it off - a stale dried out bun!
The fries were cooked almost to perfection, light golden brown and the list of beer/spirits was expansive, but if looking for food - skip it an hit he food court.Great food, atmosphere, and service. If you have to be stuck in Philadelphia airport (terminal B) this is where you need to be. AND there is a wood fired grill. Yep, in an airport! Although not a fan of the iPads in every restaurant in the airport, great service here when they are not working.Hate writing bad reviews, but this place is disgusting. Not clean. There is only iPad system nobody cares how good the service is. Make you pay and tip before the service is provided. The bartender had a nasty attitude. Avoid this place by all means! I'm giving 2 stars instead of 1 just because somebody checked on me at the end of my meal.Not a huge fan, it smelled good from afar, they have a wood burning stove that gives off a great aroma.   That's about where the good vibes end.  I ordered the flank steak, it was absolutely disgusting.  It tasted similar to freezer burned very old low quality steakem meat.  You know the crappy meat they would serve back in the day at school lunch and put it between 2 stale peaces of bread.  It was bad, not really sure what was on the top of it but it was the greasiest nasty thing I have ever consumed.  I'm probably going to regret eating as much as I did because I'm sure it's going to be as gross on the way out as it was on the way in.  I would have stayed for a few more beers to wash down the vial aftertaste of what was served but when I asked to have a channel changed the lack of quality service was lowered to substandard.  Not a single person was watching any of the 10 TV's and I was told they would ask but the answer was no.  I watched, the only no was the effort the server put in to even ask.  You guessed it, he didn't, since there was nothing of interest to watch on the TV (just trying to get a ball game on) I made a point to see if he made an attempt to ask his manager.  The only thing he asked his manager was if he could go on break.  I was about 5 feet away when he finally approached his manager.  Find a different place to waste your money and down time at the airport.  I know I'll never stop here again..Really nice atmosphere. Plenty of televisions. Nice, clean, neat,  place. If you have time at the airport, this is a good place to eat, work, spend some time.  This is a recommended place.Michelle was phenomenal!!!! I flew into Philadelphia airport originally wanting Mexican stopped by prime because the food smelled delicious she greeted me right away showed me how to navigate their iPad where you manually order. There was a few items I wanted added no problem at all for Michelle she was able to get that added to my cheesestake. I recommend everyone stop by prime to eat don't be like me the cheesestake is to die for alone nothing needs to be added lol.Received this suggestion from the info booth at airport for steak.  I sat down (no hostess) and absolutely ZERO service for 20 Minutes!  I did finally receive service only after I hit a button on their iPads.  Then asking for a rum they said just "hit rum" and "I'll make sure you get the right rum"?  Ten minutes later no drink, no server just the management team sitting across from me working on their laptops and eating salads!  You have a beautiful concept but your execution is far from average.  Unless you 86 these iPads and go back to real servers that provide service you can't expect to run a "Prime" quality establishment.  When people are paying $40+ for steal at the airport, I want service!  If I wanted a touch pad experience I would have went to the Golden Arches! You need to up your game ASAP! I ventured down to Legal Sea Foods for a wonderful meal instead!  Good luck and hope this constructive feedback will aide you with improvements! 
Brad Mattear
Executive Platinum frequent flyer AA!Overpriced, and they add 18% gratuity.  You can't just give them a card and close it out.  It automatically closes out in 20 min.  I want to go to a counter and speak to a person and order.  Go to Legal Seafood, its 5 mim away and 30% less the cost.Standard airport bar/food. Order at an iPad at your seat at the bar. Nothing too special, prices as expected for an airport. Food was decent.When I walked up to the bar area, I wondered why every single seat had their own little iPad and credit card swiper right in front of you. Here's what I think...they want to minimize employees and people interacting with one another.
This has got to be the most ridiculous idea they mustered up. You order your food, drinks and then swipe your card. They IMMEDIATELY put a dollar amount onto your card that your bank takes out. Sort of like a "hold". 
Here's the kicker, if you want to order another drink, you have to swipe your card AGAIN, just to have ANOTHER hold put on your card. The downfall...your bank will start flagging all of these $30, $40, $50 holds coming out of your account and you won't be able to purchase anything else because now your account is locked due to the bank thinking someone else is using your card. Oh..and you can't pay with cash!!! 
That's really the only thing that blows my mind at this place. However, they had these stations set up at all of the other places as well. 
The food was very good however. We had the Philly Cheesesteak with American Cheese. I mean, you can't come to Philly and not have a Cheesesteak. It's big enough to split...seriously. Either way, this is a decent place to come and eat minus the iPad.I was in here on Sunday and my waitress Roseanne was a sweetheart! attentive and very personable. she turned a bad day if traveling into an enjoyable one!!!First while I had terrible service at Philadelphia Airport, specifically American Airlines. I would consider coming back just for the great service from Mike and Gina at independence Prime's bar.I travel through (and to) Philadelphia fairly often and have started looking forward to eating here. I have to admit I get variations of the same thing every time, but wow, it's good: beet salad with goat cheese added, sometimes with salmon. I add a glass of wine most times as well. Who would ever think such a delicious restaurant with fantastic, friendly service would exist in an airport? Michael Rogers is an exceptional server. I can't wait until my next trip!I read the mixed reviews but this is clearly the nicest looking and cosmopolitan place in terminal b. At first I didnt really understand the ipad ordering format, but a very sweet waitress (and petite, didnt rememer her name) came by and did a great job of heping me out. I had the chicken quesadilla, it was hot and melted and served with salsa and guacamole. It was a meal unto itself and possibly the best quesadilla I have ever had. 
I was very pleased with the ambiance, this place was designed very well. I enjoyed the food and service. I will be back.My service to day was great , had an energetic server by the name of ray !!! He was was attentive and the food was amazing had a salmon saladSuper rude staff.  I was sitting at a larger table with a nice view of the planes landing and taking off (the only one in the restaurant) and despite the restaurant being completely empty I was told I couldnt sit there.  I understand if the restaurant is full or somewhat occupied, but in this case there was no danger of not having enough seats.Independence Prime just rolled out a new breakfast menu. I just had the from scratch buttermilk pancakes. Amazing. I have also had the wings which are stellar. If you love meat try the Independence burger and the rib eye steak!DO NOT RECOMMEND!! We wanted a decent meal after eating fast food through our earlier flight and were willing to pay for it. Ordered the salmon, most expensive entree option and a beet salad. We received a bag salad and maybe 3 ounces of dry salmon on what looked like seaweed!!! This cost us $67!!! I don't mind spending money on a decent meal. I used to own a restaurant. This was insulting!!!!!Michael was FANTASTIC!  The best bartender on the planet, nay...in the universe.  Thank you, doctor!Roseanne made my travels going home on Sunday a wonderful experience! She recommended the Independence Prime burger along with the Victory Love and it was a great combo! delicious!!  She was super friendly and vibrant, and very attentive. She made my 2 hour wait a very enjoyable experience! Will definitely be back on my next work trip to Philly and hope to get Roseanne :)I'm giving it three stars for the food, the service is absolutely horrible, there for an hour and I had to ask for a glass of water, 45 minutes later the no one came check to see how my meal was or to ask  if I wanted a refill.
I don't care if this is in an airport or not, that's just sucky serviceOverpriced airport food is always difficult to review. With the inflation of prices given where you are, the quality of food should be superb, especially when it comes to simpler things like breakfast. Independence Prime just didn't have it.
Before our flight to Vegas, we popped by here for a bite to eat. The concept is a decent idea - iPad like devices at every table where you can order your food, play games, read news, etc. However, it takes away from there being decent service, as the only time you get to talk to a server is when they bring out your food. There was no option for a glass of water, so I ended up ordering a $10 or so bottle of Fiji water. I also wanted hot sauce after I ordered and wasn't sure how to go about asking for it besides pushing through the bachelor party taking shots at the bar to ask.
Our food came out about 10 minutes apart. I tried to wait to eat mine but decided to dive in so I wasn't eating cold eggs. I ordered their take on a cooked full English breakfast. The eggs were cooked perfectly over-easy, and the sausage and bacon were phenomenal quality - their saving grace. However, the toast was soggy, and the only thing that it included to make it seem like an English Breakfast was the tomato - bland tasting and the bread crumb topping slid off the basically raw tomato. No mushrooms, beans, black pudding..
Maybe a decent place for lunch/dinner, but skip this place if breakfast is your goal.Best food I have EVER had at an airport, EVER.  The bartender made an old fashioned perfectly, the old fashioned way. No one makes them correctly anymore.  Exquisite!!Not even sure where to start.... The bad food or the stupid iPad ordering system.  Think I'll go with the ordering process.  No waitress, just iPads setup everywhere shoving adverts down your throat.  Ordering is simple, but they try and force upsells on you.  The food - worst steak I have had in decades.  Certainly worst in Philly.  
Seriously, if you are stuck in the airport and need to eat, go somewhere else.  Waste of money here.  Even if it is someone else's money, still not worth it.  I can't believe any company would be comfortable charging money for the garbage they serve.
P.S.  I was so dissatisfied with this meal that I took the time to download this Yelp app in order to warn others.  Mind you, I've had disappointing meals in my life before, but this was the first time I've been so disgusted that I put the effort into trying to save my fellow travelers from suffering the same pain.Horrible service, outrageous prices, have to give gratuity when you order, no ice in drinks, slow food, they forgot drinks, went up to bar to ask for them and was ignored. Cheese steak was dry, and the burger was over cooked. Maybe the worst $50 ever spent in the history of the planet.On a positive note, I really enjoyed the food and drinks! 
The pre-tipping and ordering on the iPad is NOT a great idea in my opinion. You order off of a screen and there is NO way to add any notes to the order. 
Service is lacking in cohesion, a couple of servers were very nice, a couple had a surprisingly, completely dismissive attitude and rude.
Unfortunately the rudeness of a few put a sour taste on the food and total experience. 
For a tab of 2 appetizers and 2 drinks, tab of over $60.00, as customers we'd of liked to have the option of choosing how much to tip based on service, not be expected to pre-tip when placing an order on a iPad? Might be nice for customers to have that option post service? 
If the service can match the food, I'd give it more stars.This place was great. When I sat down mike helped me navigate the screen to order. Mike, Ramee, and Chandler we're behind the bar/kitchen and made it a fun experience with my nervousness of flying. Plus they have a great beer selection.Gross. Paid 30 bucks for cold limpy fries and a drink.  The kicker is you have to top before you are even greeted so if you need anything later you are screwed.  There is a Chickie and Pete's somewhere in another terminal - to there.  Normal prices, good food and great service.  I just want a glass of water...lol!!What a great experience here at Independence Prime. Roseanne, was outstanding with her attention to customer service and customer centricity!  That means a lot for travelers. 
Now about the food. Excellent selection of freshly made meals . I recommend it!Man I honestly wasn't expecting anything great here. I was going to just get a fast food sandwich but a friend told me this place was solid and I thought I'd splurge and give it a shot. 
It doesn't make much sense getting a Philly cheesesteak at the airport but this one was amazing. Thin beef, great wiz and I added peppers. Fries were perfectly cooked. It was great and I'm craving it again now. 
People giving bad reviews seem like boomers who don't like iPads to order. I liked it. Easy and quick with a lot of detail. No waiting for a server to order another drink, it just shows up. 
Give it a shot if you have a long layover.Tyreek was attentive, and very prompt with every need and request. I would go back to the restaurant solely because of him!I ordered a Pulled Chicken sandwich.  The description was "wood grilled chicken served with lettuce, tomato and bacon on a Brioche bun".  What I received was straight up Chicken Salad.  It tasted fine, but I felt that I had been completely misled by both the name and the description on the menu.  I ordered a glass of water and received it long after I received my food, after having to ask the waiter about it twice.  I also did not receive silverware or a napkin until after my food was served.  The sandwich was served with fries, which tasted pretty good, but I would have wanted ketchup, and was unable to find a waiter to bring me any after waiting for the water and silverware.  Altogether not a great experience, but I would be willing to give it another go.  However I would definitely recommend that they update their menu to "Chicken Salad Sandwich" as I have literally never seen "Pulled Chicken" used to mean "Chicken Salad", and I felt quite deceived.Really enjoyed my time at Independence Prime. The service was great, speed of food delivery was fast, and the quality of the food and cocktail was perfect. I ordered a burger and it was cooked perfectly, had great flavor to it. Took less than 15 minutes for the food to come out, and drink took about 5 mins. I ordered with the iPad ordering system and it was very easy. A waitress still came to check on me 4+ times in the 30 minutes I was seated.Just a quick bite and drink waiting for my flight. Michael the manager was very helpful when I was initially befuddled by the ordering system. And, he makes a killer martini. He served my food and made sure I was well taken care of. ThankyouDecent airport restaurant. Burger was nothing to rave about. Tried the aviation cocktail since most places don't have it and it is and old school drink. Wasn't bad, good gin and floral flavor.You know.. great food for an airport. What is even better was our bartender/server Michael that MADE the experience. Attentiveness fit for a king. Great disposition and to deal with what we saw from high maintenance gals... a better appreciation. Move this man to management because as a restaurant owner..this man CARES about his clientele.I stopped in before my flight to grab breakfast. Ordering on their electric devices is fast and easy plus getting my order in so quick allowed for my food to come out amazingly fast also thanks to the great kitchen staff. 
My server Tyreek was phenomenal. He was polite, friendly and quick to get me anything I needed with a smile. This is not the service I expected at an airport restaurant and I am so pleasantly surprised. He made he experience that much more enjoyable. 
I ordered a mushroom Swiss omelet, a coffee and had a window seat where I could watch he planes pull in and out. The last is a most appreciated added perk to the location of this great restaurant. 
Yes, I paid more for my omelet at this place then grabbing a muffin on the go but it's well worth the service and prime seating to slowly enjoy you're food after the rush through security.Micheal Rodgers and Simone Stanley were so extremely welcoming and gracious to all the customers that came to the restaurant/bar after our flight was delayed 2 hours; not to mention part their closing time! They kept a clean and well organized bar! Highly recommend it!Traveling at breakfast, it's still expensive, but it's no more expensive than anything else in terminal B---or for that matter, anything else at the airport that uses actual eggs rather than disgusting egg patties (and at breakfast, eggs are all there ever is at airports).
Huevos rancheros were just fine. Eggs were cooked nicely, sauce had some flavor, beans and cheese were too dry and tortillas were soft but flavorless. The price ($15 + tax and tip) was kind of absurd, but it's PHL airport, what can you do.This place is a little too independent for my taste.  The food was AWESOME!!. However, no servers.  An they had the audacity to pre-charge gratuity.   Uhmm...hell no.  For what? The cooks.  I mean the brothers behind the grill are great, but keep it 100.  If you want me to be independent,  than, gratuity should not be an option.This is a terribly overpriced place that eliminates any sense of socialization. You sit down and order from a tablet which eliminates some of the customization you may need and then you are required to pay  in advance including tip so the fact that we got horrible service or actually pretty much no service did not matter because you tip in advance.  We ordered an appetizer and sandwiches... they came out at the same time and needless to say none of them were any good. I was very disappointed in this place and I guess they are the new craze in trying to eliminate  people or personal service but how sad! Don't waste your time!They have hardly an tables open, roped off the entire bar, so they made us order take out on the iPads out front. Waited almost 30 minutes for the take out. I ordered the truffled provolone grilled cheese, and the cheese wasn't even melted. Fries were cold. They had good ranch though.What a cool concept... sit at a table with an iPad and order when you scan your boarding pass. The downside is limited service interaction if you don't want to be that guest to wave a server over to you. 
I ordered a build your own omelet with cheese, peppers, onions, and spinach that came with a mimosa. With tip and an additional ~$1 per add-on my total was around $30. 
The food itself was decent... they forgot my toast though. The plates were too small for the amount of food and things kept falling off on to the counter, which was a little dirty. My potatoes were covered in too much salt and old bay seasoning, but cooked well. 
I think next time I'll explore some other options from PHL international.