I had high hopes for this place - I work right across the street and would pass by at lunch and look and the setting of the fire pits, ping pong table and shuffle board.  I thought - cool - fun place.  
Finally - I asked a friend to meet me after work.  First - too many young folks and tourists - so hence the ridiculous markup on drinks and below average food.  I know it's an outdoor setting, but the beer and water were warm - not a good start!!  
It went downhill from there with the food being just "ok".  I wouldn't return, nor would I recommend until they improve the menu and offer more daily specials.i really thought the beer garden was gonna be at the field of where the liberty bell is lol but nope it's set up in the empty space between 2 bulidings~  still works!
seems like everybody was enjoying themselves.  we saw a lot of people going in and out... we also realized that it's VERY easy to just dine and dash haha .. i'm not encouraging this though lol 
we ordered their specialty cocktails and some munchies~ the cheese curd really hit the spot!! my steak frites was also delicious!! for $14, it's hard to beat!  but i will comment on that even though it was well seasoned and grilled nicely, the quality of the steak was lacking... so don't expect prime rib quality or a porterhouse--- however, if you're hungry and just want something to munch on, it's definitely not a bad choice!  also, the fries that accompanied it were sooo tasty!  nothing less from Michael Schulson lol
so if you haven't checked it out yet this summer~ definitely worth a shot!I was disappointed with the service when I visited here on Saturday evening. I ordered a beer on nitro and it was served with 90 percent foam. I asked the bartender, and she responded indignantly that "it will settle." When the beer settled 20 minutes later it was warm, flat, and about 3/4 full. To top it off, the beer was listed as $6 (apparently pre-tax) on the menu but rang up as $7. With better beer gardens in town that can actually handle pouring what they have on tap, I would not recommend this place to anyone.IBG offers a good use of its old town space, and has a good selection of draft, bottled, and canned beer. it is not a bargain though. 2 drafts after work will set you back $14. that is not excessive, but for that fourteen bucks i'd sure like a glass, not a crummy plastic cup.I would normally give this place five stars because the venue is fantastic. It's beautiful and has plenty of seating with great activities. Good beer selection. Bartenders are fairly good. So why only 3 stars? The food was abysmal for the price and there was a bathroom attendant in the womens' bathroom on Saturday night of Memorial Day Weekend. 1. This position is unnecessary esp. here but if it is to give an individual a job, fine. 2. She was incredibly adamant about no transgender or males in the women's bathroom. Technically, this venue is supposed to have unisex bathrooms according to city law but aside from that, the aggressiveness with which she was screening some women was downright absurd. Only steps away from a strong LGBT history and community, this is NOT how a business should be isolating themselves.Oh another beer garden? I'm down. I actually really like this place. It's large and semi-covered and not filled with a million kids. I'm sorry - I love kids just as much as the next gal, but they're taking over these pop-ups. I have been to what I think are the main 4 (SSHP, PHS, Oval, and this one) - and I think they all have something different to offer. This place just seems like a nice place to grab a beer and play some cornhole (my favorite summer activity). I didn't eat, but the peach shandy is as delicious as they say- highly recommend. I also went during a light rain shower, so it wasn't busy - which people I know have mentioned.  I'm diggin' IBG.What are great outdoor space right across the street from the Library Bell.  It's an L shape space with plenty of sitting area.  There are games like checker, genga, connect four etc on every table. It's fun to have the games specially after a few drinks. 
The drinks were good, but not very strong. The staff was really friendly and attentive. I didn't have any of the food but the aroma was nice.Went on a Thursday evening at 7PM.  Very crowded and noisy under the concrete ceiling. Staff did their best to attend to the many.  Wife stated the hummus was the best she ever had.  Will return but to sit around the perimeter where there is no overhang.Great outdoor space with games, drinks, and food!
The cocktails are decently priced and pretty strong, and the food, all of which is bar food, is pretty good as well. Mostly I just like coming because it's a great space for enjoying a sunny day with friends or significant others.Great beer garden. Really cool location right across from the liberty bell. 
Diverse selection of beers. I tried evil genius I love lamp. Great name and delicious beer.
True beer garden set up. They have plenty of space and several bars. Corn hole ping pong and various other bar games. 
Def worth a visit.If you're coming for the food, you may be disappointed. If you're coming for the beer and an awesome location to hang out with friends, you certainly won't be. 
The draw of this place is entirely location and ambiance. It's easy to get to, great for people watching, and close enough to walk to other restaurants for dinner. The various seating areas and lawn/table games create an inviting vibe, making this a perfect spot for hanging out and having a few drinks over a game of jenga.
The food was nothing special- typical greasy bar fare served up in paper containers. Service is pretty slow and isn't the best, but again, that's not why you come here. The drinks are good, the setting relaxed. Perfect outdoor spot for the summer!Because I work very close by, I have been to IBG more times than I can count, including since it just reopened for the 2017 season in late April. It's a terrific seasonal venue in a prime location.
What stands out to me most about IBG is its versatility.  I've been here with several different groups of coworkers, friends from Philly, friends visiting from out of town, and even on a first date--and it always works.  I've also been here at many different times of day, and in many different types of weather, including chilly nighttime weather (cute lights!), a rain storm (the large covered portion of the beer garden remains untouched), and sweltering heat (makes the cold brews that much better, and there's ample shade even for large crowds). 
Also worth noting that the happy hour (5-7 p.m.) rocks.  I've left IBG having spent less than $10 more times than I can count, and it's not because I've limited myself to only one drink or snack.
The beers on draft are summery and the food is satisfying.  IBG would not be my go-to culinary destination for anything more than a light snack--but, that said, it's extremely rare that I don't get the seasoned popcorn when I go!I am not sure if I liked this place enough to come back.   It was just a bit odd to be nestled in between two buildings.  We looked in the areas on the side that had more of a beer garden feel but still, it was in the city and not as enjoyable to me as Frankford Hall.   We only had 2 beers and some popcorn and headed out.Just stopped in for drinks before dinner somewhere else. I had a Captain and Diet and I was stumbling out after having just one. They definitely do not hold back on the alcohol. The scenery was very rustic and cute as I sat on a cut tree trunk with lanterns hanging above me.  Great place for drinks, and the food smelled good but I couldn't comment on the taste. Only downside was that we waited a good 10 minutes for our waitress to greet us. I would go back for food though!Love the games and ambiance, but this place is definitely a fair weather location- I went when it was windy & cloudy and was a bit cold. The happy hour deals are great (we got $3 Stella Cidres) and the food our neighbors got looked great.Pretty good, especially the happy hour deals. The Jenga is a nice touch. I love the design.Great time at Independence Beer Garden in Philly. Good beer, good food, great atmosphere. Hope they're back next summer.Pro's: cool layout. Beer garden idea is fun. Looks trendy and fun upon walk up. 
Con's: It smells like literal poop (apparently there are horses housed across the street... nothing like some beer with a side of horse farts am I right??)... the bartender was extremely rude... the waitress clearly wanted to get home and cleared our drinks before we were done, never asked if we need anything, etc. two hours before closing. They probably don't care because this is a touristy place across from the Liberty Bell BUT it should be noted it is also the kind of place that has a bathroom attendant for their shipping container bathrooms who wants you to pay for the soap/paper towel you very well could have gotten yourself. Woo!!We stumbled upon this awesome little outdoor beer garden/restaurant near Independence Hall and the Liberty Bell in downtown Philly.  The atmosphere was fantastic, and I sat on a tree stump for a chair underneath an arbor.  We ordered a couple of apps and some local beers.  The fried cheese curds were amazing, but it was a shame we didn't get a lot of them.  The hummus was tasty, too.  The beer wasn't super cold, so we added some ice to it (I know, tres tacky, right?).  The restaurant expanded all over and offered plenty of outdoor games, seating, etc. for people looking for a place to hang out with friends.  Very cool place!We have a monthly gathering of gentlemen who go to a different restaurant for dinner around the city, and our experience this month at Independence Beer Garden was terrific. We go to many kinds of places, some fancy and some not, but our main goal each month is a venue where we can all have a good time, eat dinner and have some beers, chat and network. The IBG event coordinator Ariel was very professional and responsive, the waitstaff (headed by a guy named Jamison, which is great) were all very attentive and excellent, and there was a ton of food and it was all quite good. Very unique atmosphere, and all had a great experienceThis place was really fun! My husband and I visited twice during our recent trip to Philly. It's a great place to relax in the afternoon with a great beer and some snacks. Happy Hour started at 4PM and we got a few snacks to share including sliders (awesome!) and the fried pickles (also awesome!). Most of the tables are set up farm style so you sit with a bunch of people. This is a fun way to chat with the group you are with or get to know some of your surrounding visitors. I would definitly visit again!First time here on a Saturday, we waited over 30 minutes trying to get a beer from the back left bar. This bartender ignored us and serviced his friends and girls only. He served people to the left and right of us three times. He also keep skipping the guy to my left too. They also ran out of pitchers and could only service one beer per person. He was checking IDs randomly. We moved to another bar but quickly gave up. We left without any beer and will avoid this place in the future. It' was only slightly crowded but the poorly staffed bars made it impossible to have a good time. I recommend finding another beer garden especially one that's outside in the sun and not in the shadow of a building.Stumbled upon this place right after visiting the Liberty Bell, Independence Hall and National Constitution Center. Incredible open floor space with fake grass, connect 4, cornhole, comfy seats, twinkly lights and music. Can get super crowded during summer nights but it is a must if you're visiting Philly - it can be a bit difficult to grab a seat during peak hours. Service from the bartenders was great - and there are a lot of beers on draft! I did not order food but did see a kitchen area. Bathrooms are located in the back left hand corner. Will return if I am ever in the area!Love this place.
Great games....bocci...lawn shuffleboard....table tennis...big jenga and little jenga...bean bag game. Love it!!!! Wish there was one out of the city too.
Good beers....good service. Great seating. Food is ok.
RecommendedIBG is great when you have a big group or even if you're going to hang out with a friend. I went after work today with a friend and it was super chill. Love the peach shandy here. Service for food was a bit slow even though it was mostly empty. Pretzel bites were really good. They have a ton of seating and great for if you need to relax after work on a beautiful night.Very nice staff and manager. Willing to listen to me when I had a problem. Thank you.I just love this place. On a nice night, this is the perfect place to enjoy some drinks and a bite to eat outdoors. The beer garden is quite large and there are plenty of things to see and do here. The entire place is decorated in white strings of lights, strung from poles and trees. Very beautiful at night!! You can grab a seat at a table for waiter service, or grab a drink at one of the many bars. There are lots of games to play here. Ping-pong, shuffleboard, checkers, connect four, jenga etc. We grabbed a table and ordered some food. The chicken wings were sweet and fried hard. They had some hot sauce on the side, but we didn't even use it. The wings were perfection on their own. We also ordered a watermelon salad, which was cool and refreshing as well. May I say, for as busy as they were here on a Saturday night- our service was excellent. Kiko- our waiter, was extremely helpful, friendly and prompt. Another great tid bit about this place is that it's free! No cover charge. I will be back very soon!!!Came here during the week. They have a happy hour menu beginning at 4pm but it's a selective menu so we ended up ordering from the regular menu.
Pros: Great prices! Great drinks!! Good food. They have games. It's a large beer garden!
Service was just okay. The location was kind of a trek for me.Had a great time here during Happy Hour/SIPS.  Our waitress, Brooke, was extremely attentive despite the large crowds and took great care of our party.  The wings and fries were tremendous and the beer selection was great.We had a gathering here during our conference and the service/food was great.  They kept up with our three tables of people very well and their drink list was good.  
Great location - right next to Independence Square.Huge amount of space and activities at this beer garden, and not to mention three bars and enough seating and entrances that you are able to find a seat as well as service without that claustrophobic feeling.  Also, as with all the beer garden popping up in the city lately, their beer and cocktail options are great and  inexpensive.Visited on a Sat night. It's a happening place with great atmosphere and cute games to keep the night interesting, though it can feel a bit like a gigantic open air frat house party at times. Beer is good, not outrageously expensive for center city. Fried snacks were good too, would recommend the chicken basket and fish and chips.OK the good and the bad - 
Good first - Awesome atmosphere and laid back vibe. Servers trying to accomodate. Huge venue with a lot of room to sit. 
Bad next - bugs that bite! I got 10 mosquito bites within 30 minutes of being there. Stay away from the gravel side. The pretzel
Bites were stale. And no top shelf liquor. 
I will go back! And wear jeans.Wow. This place has a great atmosphere- but I just can't believe how rude the bartenders are. Blonde with sleeve tattoo is so unbelievably rude. Just paid $38 for 3 drinks and the worst service I've ever experienced. For the price of the drinks, you might as well go to Franklin Mortgage and enjoy a clean, nice atmosphere without the pregnant, rude, and grotesque bartenders.This beer garden is conveniently placed in the heart of old city Philly. 
The tap selection is generous, with a bevy of local crafts. The service was great. And as a tourist, I enjoyed the local atmosphere I felt here.  
I visited mid August (can you say hot as BALLS!!!), and the shaded seating area was a huge plus.Great place to sit outside and drink on a summer night. Plenty of seating and well spread out so you can find a quieter spot to talk with friends, but there's also seating closer to music if you want it louder.Pretty good place to watch soccer! Huge TV screen outdoors to show games. IBG is a beautiful beer garden with both sunlight and shade (whichever you prefer) and has plenty of fun games, like Jenga, Checkers, Connect 4, and cornhole.Had a great time at IBG yesterday during the day for a few mid afternoon drinks! HUGE complaint was the heat at the outdoor bar under the giant plastic shield holding all of the heat in...kind of felt like a greenhouse. Outside of that plastic enclosed area it was at least 15 degrees cooler. I'm honestly not sure how the poor bartenders and workers were surviving, especially in black clothing. The use of fans under that plastic would've made my experience 100% better.Fun funky oasis in the city -Aesthetically pleasing.  There are two sections - one is loud near the bar. Go Eagles! The other is like your being transported to fantasy island but no Tattoo or Mr. Rourke.   
We got fish tacos, cheesesteak with beer cheese, French fries and cheeseburger.  Yards pale ale and IPA were smooth. 
All food was tasty. The portions are small but this is a bier garden in the busiest part of the city - Independence Hall.
You can play corn hole, checkers or sit and relax.  
The waitress came to our table quickly, service was good, and she didn't rush us out.  Thank you!This place was such a great find! It has something for everyone. There was corn hole, duffle board, Jenga, connect four and more. They had a pretty good beer list but I did see people with cocktails too. This place is perfect for a nice day. The bartenders were fast and we also had a waitress once we were at our table who was very attentive. So glad we stumbled across this.Two words: Central location. I'm not sold on IBG just yet, but on off-nights, it's great, and when you want to meet friends in an easy gathering spot, it's perfect.
I've been here a few times since it opened for the season, and they've been decent but not amazing experiences. It's obviously better when you can get seats and I wish I felt more comfortable with the hovering method.
They upped the beer prices during MDW, which was annoying since I had chosen it as the meeting place for my birthday that Saturday. Also annoying? The bouncers. As Jared J. has noted, the one took his job WAY too seriously.
I could tell Mr. Bouncer had put his cranky pants on that day, but one of my friends still chimed: "it's her birthday!" when I handed him my ID. He, obviously, stayed silent as a response. But what was irritating? Two minutes later -- as we walked by him again while crossing the two sections in our search for a place to stand in lieu of seats -- he pointed at my arm as if to see if I had a wristband yet. Really, now? Memory loss? After two minutes?
As for the actual beers? Pretty good selection, but I haven't seen them change much in the last month. Some switches every now and again would be great! I don't always want a Dock Street Rye or a Deschutes Fresh Squeezed IPA!
Food is here okay. I like the hot dog and popcorn. I'll have to try more on future visits!
Right now, I'd give IBG a solid three. It's a good place to visit in theory, but not always the most fun in reality.Hit or miss with the food, but it is a great place to hang out and grab a drink. Good times, but service was also hit or miss.Best atmosphere you could ever ask for in a bar! Beautiful scenery with fun activities to entertain yourself.This is a real comfortable outdoor place that looks like it's in the courtyard of the Dow Chemical building across from Independence Park. They have different seating areas--on one side there are tables and then in between the two buildings in the middle they have a large bar with stools around it. I just wanted a beer so sat at the bar. 
The selection is pretty decent. I see 15 different beers on tap on their menu. I got a Lagunitas IPA, which was $7. 
It's very comfortable sitting here on a warm day. If you're here visiting the sites and want a break, this is a good spot to stop at and relax with a drink. 
I didn't have any food so can't speak to the quality of their menu, but as far as beers go, this is a-ok.Giant place in the heart of independence mall (and super close to century 21!!) Has a garden area complete with vines and cool lighting, plus a place under an outdoor alcove at the mall, and another outdoor space with games. Long tables everywhere, good beer and food everywhere! They have my favorite Stella cider in large cans too :)Probably shouldn't go here during Sips if you have any hopes of finding a square ft to stand.  And forget finding a seat.  Or finding a line that's not a mile long.  The locution and setup could be really cool I think.  Just went at a crazy time.Cute place with good selections of beer, cocktails, and ciders. A day with good weather it's pretty packed not many available tables. But there's a lot of games to play that'll keep you distracted.Great summer beet garden, definitely one of the top in Philly. The place is always packed but not too packed that you can't find a place to sit and/or easily order a beer. I also love the set up, lots of fun games to play and plenty of sun spots if that's what you are looking for or shade in the heat of the summer. Great beer selections, good food, reasonable prices.Pros: Great location and a fun outdoor bar.
Cons: Rude bouncer on a power trip. We were at this bar for a birthday pub crawl this weekend. We got there pretty early but because it was such a nice day it was already crowded. There were a couple of open tables that had a reserved sign on them. One of our pregnant friends was sitting at the table for about 5 minutes, just to relax, and she was confronted by the bounder on a power trip who indicated that they table was reserved and NO ONE can sit there at all. About 10 min later the table was still vacant, and our friend asked a waiter if it would be ok to sit there, he said yes that it wouldn't be a problem; about 30 seconds later the bouncer came back around to say that the party was on their way and our friend HAD TO GET UP. She did, and we stuck around the area but no one showed up for another 35 minutes! Terrible customer service!
The food that we ordered was pretty good, except the "cheese curds" are not actually cheese curds as they are the size of gulf balls and made of cheese and not curds of cheese, but I might be biased hailing from Minnesota, where the true cheese curds can be consumed! Maybe market it as a "cheese ball" since it's not actual a curd!Interesting menu. Grilled pastrami sandwich with stone ground mustard was tasty.  I'm not a beer drinker but the selection was extensive.  Nice location outside but under cover. Friendly,  fast service.Cool vibes, fun times, delicious food and refreshing drinks. What more could you wish for?! Tons of games allow large groups to have an incredible time regardless of what activity each individual is in the mood for.Fun place, friendly atmosphere. Only one projection TV. The food looked good but I didn't try any. Great selection of PA beers.Beautiful fresh atmosphere - in the middle of the city! Nice staff, gorgeous "garden"! Open, but intimate!I come here pretty frequently when friends and family come to visit me in Philly. Great on the weekend for some light fare and drinks. Good selection of beers and specialty cocktails. Plenty of seating and activities. Great for groups or a small party. After work and evenings are quite crowded. Early afternoon on the weekends is probably best. Reasonably priced!I went there for sips tonight, and a lesson was learned. It was crowded, so I did what any normal person would do, and order a few drinks for myself.  The bartender (45 and wanting to be anywhere else), pours me my drinks and sets them on the bar.  My gf and her friends just meet up with me, and I turn to greet them with a hug and wave, when this bartender takes my drinks away.  I'm waiting for 10 mins and perhaps an explanation and she finally comes back and says "did you learn your lesson? You turn away in a crowded bar and I gave your drinks away" I said sure, handed her my money and she says and that's your last drink of the night. Worst bartender I've encountered in Philly, and the rest of the staff ain't special.  If you open a new "hot spot" in Philly, at least have decent people working the bar. - 1 starThis place quickly turned into an underage frat party where they card people walking into the plaza.  The beers are weak and bland including Narragansett light for $3.  I was hit on by a MILF drunk on the happy hour white wine and surrounded by drunks and gay dudes.  Cant Philadelphia get anything right?! This is not beer garden other than the fact that they have beer and plants.Price: 
$-$$; not too pricey, featuring apps from $5 and up, to pitchers of beer up to ~$30. 
Food:
Hot & fresh; we received our two appetizers (beer battered onion rings & rosemary gravy fries) within 5 minutes. Pretty average bar food, nothing too special. 
Atmosphere:
Very relaxing, and especially nice on a night with good weather. The kitchen and part of the dining area is covered, so it would still hold up on a rainy day. The only qualm I have is that the only area serving food is pretty loud and crowded, whereas the quieter parts only serve alcohol. 
Overall:
Definitely would return. Especially for a Day 3-post opening, the IBG ran pretty quickly & efficiently with hot/fresh food. 
Tip: 
-One side only serves alcohol, while the other side serves both food & alcohol.
-Seating is first come, first serve - so grab the first empty table you find!Fun outdoor hangout with a decent beer selection, good snacks, and a variety of games. It's larger than most beer gardens in center city. We came here on a Thursday night around 7:00 and had no problem snagging a table. We grabbed a couple beers from the bar which wasn't too packed, and played jenga and checkers. If you want to play ping-pong, bring quarters for the ball dispenser. We ordered the hummus served with veggies and pita as well as the watermelon salad. The watermelon salad was better than anticipated; the hummus was nothing special. The one thing I really did not like about this beer garden is that children are allowed. I have nothing against kids, but when I'm at a beer garden, the last thing I want is to hear is a screaming baby.My husband and I discovered this place yesterday during a brief pit stop in Philly after a weekend at Sesame Place. Our beers were only $5 each! What a great space. Lots of beer choices. We'll definitely stop by the next time we are in town.The Liberty Bell used to my favorite attraction in Philly - now this might be!Great place to some and hang on a warm summers day, unfortunately our visit in May was more like a cold day in March. We stuck it out and enjoyed the beer garden, it was happy hour. All drinks are served in plastic cups. Plenty of choice of games to play - jenga etc... The restrooms are converted container crates. Cool place.Absolutely loved this place! Stopped in after an eventful day sightseeing and am so glad we did. The place was beautiful, the drinks were delicious (try the peach shandy!) and the service was super nice and attentive. This place deserves more than the average this Yelp review is currently showing, I'd say definitely give it a shot and decide for yourself! Our experience couldn't have been better.This is a cute spot, but not what I was hoping for. If you are under 25 I would recommend somewhere else, this is not where you want to go for a "night off" Maybe we just went on an off night. Other than that the ambiance was great and the beer was pretty good. We left after one beer because it was a slow night. I would imagine this is a wonderful place to visit on the weekends.Came here for a few hours before seeing Foos...a helluva lot better than the SBC parking lot. I love the concept of this place....we parked ourselves in some Adirondack chairs and had a lovely time. We didn't play any games, though it's a fun option. Decent beer selections and all of our food was really tasty. Our waiter was sweet but scattered....just such a nice guy, though that he gets a pass. Wonderful addition to the historic section!Outdoor bar, local brews, food and games.  This beer garden does it right.  Just across the street from both the bell and independence hall, this place was packed.  The scene was good, a lot of people drinking and having a good time.  Only gripe is that the beer was on the expensive side.
Still an awesome place and I highly recommend it.Mice running all over the place and under people's feet. When I was leaving the venue after complaining about the mice the waitress Nicole laughed and told me to catch the mice. Rude and unhelpful staff - unable to answer questions about happy hour. Would never go back again or recommend to anyone.I like making fun of fat tourists...and clueless families wandering around.  
Yes, I do.
This place is a perfect spot to drink the watermelon sangria, sit on the beach chairs and gawk at the millions of "I love PA"-clad chubbies hopping on and off of the Ride the Duck tour buses.
It's a huge outdoor drinking area and it's not a typical beer garden since it is adjacent to, or actually, in the breezeway of two corporate buildings.
It gets loud at night since it's not totally outdoors and there aren't many other bars/restos in the vicinity.
I like it.Came here with a group of friends. There is plenty of room to hang if you get there at a good time. Great on a sunny day, Can get a bit crowded but the staff handles it well.  They have a large beer selection and a lot of nice snacks.The mass appeal of popup beer gardens in this city has baffled me.  Yes, it is very nice to enjoy a beer or cocktail outside.  It's nice to play Jenga or bocchi ball(spelling?) with friends instead of staring at your phones all day/night.  It's cool that you're dropped in an unassuming and random plot of real estate-turned-garden strung with lights off the busy city street.  But the overall hype of "wow, I'm drinking in an Adirondack chair instead of on my couch!" is what makes me think this is gonna be one of those trends that peters out over time, like gluten free cupcake shops.
This place falls into that basic, over-hyped category.  One look at the sea of men in pastels and boating shoes and I knew what I was getting into.  We went on a Sunday and met up with a group of 4, who luckily had snagged a picnic table.  Had they not been there for a few hours prior to us arriving, I imagine it would've been a bitch trying to get a table for 6 since it was packed.  We had Jenga with fun graffiti all over it, but one or two games of that and I'm done.  I could see the bocchi ball from our table and again, unless you're there when it first opens, there's no chance in hell to secure a spot and play. 
Service was just okay.  There seemed to be only 1 server in the whole side section of picnic tables and it took a while for us to even order- plus she disappeared for long sections of time.  We got a pitcher of Goose Island which was pretty pricy and renders about 3-4 beers, though I'm sure if we picked Yuengling it wouldn't have been too bad.  I was starving and was expecting the food to be like that new age/picnic-style with a twist bullshit, but it was pretty basic and overpriced.   I got the hummus appetizer and it was sooo bland and served with one giant pita taken straight out of the bag and microwaved and a couple hard sticks of carrots.  The burger was just mehh, nothing even worth talking about.  The margarita was poorly made and tasted only of sour mix.  Overall, for the prices, it was too expensive for a Sunday afternoon venture into the city.  I could've just as easily sat on my own balcony with my own beer and had the same experience.
Bathrooms are like a giant smelly hot tin box and the pebbly gravel as the ground's walking space, though practical, gets annoying.  There were a bunch of Adirondack chairs and tree stump chairs strewn about, though I'm sure they're hard to reserve as a group.
Beer selection was good and it is in a nice section of the city (and the food menu was possibly only for lunch- maybe dinner is better), so I can't completely dismiss it, though I doubt I'd be back.We visited this space again on Monday, September 12th for a second time. I am happy to see that this place is still here and seems to be doing well.  We visited with a party of four around 1pm on that day, and it had a moderate crowd.  It was a beautiful day.
Since the last visit, I noticed that the plants/shrubbery has definitely grown out and made it more private and seemed to be set away more from the busy Independence Mall area.  
We had a great server and this time only ordered drinks. the restrooms which are to one side of the property were very nice and in a trailer type of space.  
The drinks we had were excellent and I would definitely return again.So happy the IBG has reopened for the season! It's a perfect place to enjoy the outdoor weather in historic Philadelphia (you're literally right across the street from the Liberty Bell), grab a drink, relax, and play some games. They have two bars to choose from with different drink choices at each (more choices at the long bar vs. square bar), and though I haven't tried it, the food smelled good!
Nice ambiance with the strings of lights and lots of places to sit - adirondack chairs, picnic benches, two-seater tables, etc. There's also a big screen for sports by the square bar.
In the back they have ping pong tables, shuffleboard, and cornhole set ups as well. 
One warning: the bathrooms are in a strange little metal shipping container of sorts and don't always smell so lovely, but I'm thankful they have 'em!The thing about a place that gets a bunch of negative reviews is that people start to avoid it, and in this case the ultimate problem at the root of the negative reviews seems to be the crowds. By the time I went to Independence Beer Garden on a Saturday afternoon, it was extremely pleasant.
I was there for a birthday party, and our group had no trouble procuring a big table together. The drinks were delicious, in particular the peach thing, the exact name of which I don't recall. The watermelon sangria was also light and refreshing, great for a hot summer day. Our servers were quick and attentive, and the food was excellent as well. The pretzel bites come with a "house mustard" that's just the right amount of spicy, and mac and cheese was also creamy and delicious.
The bathrooms were also a pleasant surprise. Rather than the awful port-a-potties most similar affairs will subject you to, Independence Beer Garden has bathrooms set up in shipping-container-like thing that are so much nicer and cleaner. 
The one disappointment was that they were out of choco tacos, which our group was really looking forward to, but aside from that it was a very enjoyable afternoon with friends, food, and tasty drinks.The night started off well, but then things started to spiral downhill.   My friend and I sat casually on a bike rack and we were told that we were not allowed to sit on them because it was "not their property".  About 5 minutes later, another worker came by and said that she never heard of such a rule.  We then tried to get another drink which took about 20 minutes.  The beer garden was not crowded at all and the bartenders seemed disinterested on what was a very slow night.  After this, we proceeded to the back corner to grab a seat and then we got asked politely by a worker at 1:15AM to move towards the front because they were closing areas down.  
Before i go any further, i forgot to mention that cornhole apparently can not go on past 12:55 AM.  But i digress.  
Back to my discussion about moving to the front of the beer garden.  My friend and I obliged and moved towards the front of the establishment and found seats near the front bar.  At 1:43AM we were approached by the same worker and asked to get up and exit the beer garden.  We had just bought drinks and asked him what time the establishment was open until and we were told "2AM".  We then asked why we had to exit with 17 minutes left until close and the worker said that they had to clear the perimeter so the workers could go home at 2AM instead of 2:30AM.  My friend asked if he could finish his drink before leaving and the worker told him he could proceed to the exit and "Chug" his beer while exiting.  At this moment we felt uncomfortable, disrespected and violated that we were asked to "Chug" our drinks with 17 minutes left until closing.  I have been to IBC over 10 times past 1:43AM and have never been asked to leave like that.  The workers were clearly trying to go home and had no regard for the customers.  
We were thoroughly disappointed with the service and treatment at IBC tonight and will not be returning again.  The lack of training, customer service and respect was blatant tonight.The ambiance of Independence beer garden earned it the 3 star rating. It is a great spot to spend an afternoon. It's a kid friendly beer garden with lots of games- ping pong, shuffle board, checkers, connect 4, jenga. Most of the games are in the sun, so be aware of that. It has a lot of places to sit, including under cover in case it's raining. 
The food is disappointing and the mixed drinks also aren't very good. The cheese curds were the best of the snacks, followed by the spicy chips with guac. The pretzels and hummus were just okay. The best of the drinks in my opinion are the ones on tap. I'm a big fan of cider and they have a 1911 blueberry cider that I thought was delicious. Not too sweet like some fruity ciders can be. 
The service could be better. He was very friendly but he messed up our order twice. They don't seem very organized in the way they bring the food out, often looking confused and making errors.when i think of 'beer garden' this place is exactly what comes to mind.  There is ample seating areas and if the sun is just too much there is shade galore.  The drinks aren't expensive and the food is reasonably priced as well.  I got the BLT (which had like 7 slices of bacon lol) but was nonetheless good. 
There are games sporadically placed everywhere and music isn't too loud.  Its a perfect spot to just relax and enjoy your company. Def will be backWe finally made it here! This place is HUGE which is awesome. It was pretty crowded for a Saturday night, every table was full and a lot of people were standing but we were able to get a few spots at the bar and get served beer/drinks pretty fast. The staff was nice and there's a few table games that you can play while hanging out with friends. Definitely a nice change of scenary from the tyipical bar/club scene.Great vibe, good beers. And right across the street from the Liberty Bell! I love Philly!!We were visiting Philly and stopped by here. Its welcoming and fun with games, good food, great location. Its a big space and great for families. Near tourist areas so if you need a break I'd recommend.The only reason I did not give this place 5 stars is because they don't recycle!! Other than that great time!Dave and Dan were amazing bartenders! The enthusiasm and charisma was evident as soon as we walked in! My girlfriends and I had an amazing time!You can't go wrong with a beer garden with games! Great for groups, dates, and even chilling by yourself - Independence Beer Garden serves a wide variety of beers and games. I love how this beer garden is outdoors and provides a bountiful amount of seating.
Their Wednesday specials seem very affordable so try to visit during their Wednesday happy hour to take advantage of the deals!