Never again.
Delivery: They will lie and tell you 45 minutes to an hour. It will, every single time, take AT LEAST 1 and half hours, and 3 phone calls asking where your food is before you get it. And I live 4 blocks away. This last time my order did not only take almost 2 hours to get to me, but it was missing items. When I called to ask where they were, they kept me on hold for 10 minutes and then hung up on me. If I hadn't paid cash, I would have disputed the charges.
I've been dining in and ordering from here for years. I will never do that again. The food is so inconsistent. Some days it's great, other days it's so full of cardamom pods it's inedible. 
Skip it.My boyfriend and I love to come here for dinner. It's our favorite Indian restaurant in the area! Their Chicken Tikka Makhani is incredible. Great food, great service and friendly staff. BYO which is a plus!I REALLY wish I read some Yelp reviews before placing my delivery order from here this past Tuesday. I should have known with the generic name "indian restaurant"... 
So things started off on the wrong foot when the delivery guy lied and told me he was "downstairs". I work near City Hall so he couldn't find parking right in front of the building and I ended up waiting a good 10 minutes for him to find parking and walk over to me to bring me my food. Didn't help that I was actually having an extremely busy day, so I could have used those 10 minutes. I wish he would have just told me when he was ACTUALLY downstairs.
The food was ridiculously bland for indian cuisine - no heat and no flavor. I ordered veggie samosas and saag paneer (what they're supposed to be known for) and both were extremely dissapointing. The only good piece of food I got was the naan. I will say they have large portions, I got about 3 meals out of the serving size -- but the second 2 times I ate the dish I had to add my own spices and sauces to make it better.Reasonable Indian fare at average prices. Ever go to places that are not bad but are not so stand out? This is one of them. In fact this may well define that category - they have a generic name and that should be some kind of a karmic choice!
We had the peshawari naan and paneer makhani. We also had a soup (Mulligatawny) and some samosas. None of them were outstanding but at the same time they were not bad. If someone ate Indian food for the first time and they chose this place, they may be surprised at the vague reference to spices (especially the hot ones) in the context of Indian food. Somehow I was not able to identify any of the normal spices I am used to (cinnamon, garlic, pepper, cardomom) in the dishes.
Just a normal Indian restaurant - what any roadside diner would be to burgers and fries.Very rude waiter.  The vegetable entres were rather disappointing, although the onion kulcha was not bad.  (Also their mint chutney is made with gherkins - it took me a few minutes to tell why the flavor was familiar). Definitely not worth returning.  Sitar India is a far better bet.They deliver thru Grub Hub too.
I love this restaurant. Try the tikka masala and the vindaloo is outstanding.Decided last minute to grab some take out early Saturday evening. I didn't call ahead with my order but I wasn't in a rush so didn't mind waiting. I ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala and had a seat in the back of the restaurant. The host brought me a glass of a mango smoothie while I waited and it was delicious! It was only a few minutes later when they brought out my meal and I was on my way. I found the portion size to be very generous and the meal really tasty. There aren't a lot of Indian options close by so I'll be back!I've been back twice since I wrote my original review and I still stand by it.
My favorite dish thus far is definitely the Chicken Korma. Just...it's so delicious, I can't even talk about it because it's dinner time and I don't live in the city.
Service is still top notch, water always filled, etc.
It is one of the places I would take a visitor to the city if they were looking for good food. I even took my mother there after the Flower Show and she liked it!
If you're kids are well-behaved, I see no reason why they can't join the meal.BYOB! Bring a bottle of red, eat the delicious lamb saag and savor your meal.  Weird name though... I definitely judged a book by it's cover with the restaurant being named "Indian Restaurant."Don't let the matter-of-fact name or the creepy mannequin doll at the front throw you off. This place is really yummy! Best Indian place that I've had in the city so far. The Lamb Vindaloo is actually spicy, and the onion kolcha is hot and delicious. 
Service is also pretty good, no waiting time or pulling teeth to have your water filled.
Dependable staple every time, and is now my point of comparison whenever I'm having Indian food.The first time I tried this place it would have gotten a 4. You can't just give out 5's, so that would be a high ranking for me. We then ordered again and were disappointed.  The second time would have got a 2, so this place gets an average of 3. 
Good restaurants require consistency. So, when you order the same meal twice, and get different results, it is ashame. The nan is consistent, but the curries and some other dishes, like the eggplant vary a bit. 
Also, when people ask for spicy food you should get it, not a comment that they didn't think you could handle it. 
The 10% off if you pay for case though is redeeming and the prices are good.Ok, I've found it.  This is the best Indian food in the city.  I went through the standards: Mumbai, Ekta, Tiffin, Lovash, Minar Palace, Palace at the Ben.... and some non-standards (okay, only Tashan and that place in Reading Terminal that I forget....)  But this one wins.  I have now had delivery (an embarrassing number of times - so I'll just say that it was enough times to make it statistically significant..... and for the different drivers to recognize me...) take-out, and have dined in this establishment.  The food is phenomenal, and they make it spicy when asked.  If you want really spicy, they'll do that too.  
Chicken Tikka Masala, Chana Masala, Lamb Curry, Saag Paneer..... staples are all delicious.  And of course the Naan... yum.  
My dine-in experience was great too, the place is quaint and cute, service was impeccable; I order my dishes spicy and need my water never to be empty.  It never was.  
One note for delivery/takeout - the rice never seems to match with the number of dishes ordered.  I order one dish, they give me one thing of rice. Three dishes, one thing of rice.  Ask for more rice if you order more than one dish so you won't be disappointed.This place is great! Service was very good and the staff was super nice. it was my girlfriends first time eating Indian food. We both really enjoyed everything especially the chicken dunkpacht. Will def be back for more!We chose this place due to a restaurant.com coupon.  There were 3 of us in total.  The service was quite nice.  The waiter constantly re-filled our glasses of water.  The food was ok.  We ordered 2 appetizers, the Chana Chat and the Bhuija.  The chana Chat was a cold salad but tasty but the Bhuija that is Onion Fritters were horrible.  They were twice fried.  How do I know, the appetizers took latterly 2 minutes to come out.  The fried onion fritters were very dark, almost burnt in color.  The taste left in your mouth was of oil and the fritter itself was slightly warm in temperature.   I would NOT recommend ordering the Chef's Special Vegetable delight.  It has a wonderful description but it is completely opposite of what you receive and an entree.  It consisted of vegetables with no flavor and I asked for medium spice.  This entree consists of mainly fried potatoes as I am aware this is a vegetable, if I wanted fried potatoes I would have went to a burger joint not an Indian restaurant.  They ended our meal with a complimentary dessert of rice pudding which was nice.  After, when the bill arrived is the Scam part, or as I see it to be a scam.
We presented the certificate once the bill was given to us and we were told that this restaurant NEVER signed up for this or had an affiliation with ANY coupons.  So we paid the bill not to make a scene or cause any disturbance.  We were with friends so you can't understand my frustration or my embarrassment since I recommended this place.  The owner/manager that we talked to would not even consider talking about this other than to say this is not our restaurant and this restaurant never had any deals or coupons.   The way I see it, someone owns me for my time, money and embarrassment.  Either this restaurant is scamming to get people in to spend the required $50.00 and NOT accepting this coupon or, restaurant .com has made an error.Best Indian food I've ever had. Indian Restaurant has another location on Callowhill, called King of Tandoor. That location is bigger, but both has great decor, wonderful service, and amazing food. I had the chicken tikka masala, kebabs, curry chicken, and a few other dishes before. I would keep coming back if I had the $$$.Their mango lassis are like sips of heaven. 
We got rice pudding and naan on the house several times though. Great place for a date or nice dinner with friends.I don't see how you can choose another Indian restaurant in the area.  This is by far the tastiest Indian food for a reasonable price.  And, the staff are soooo nice and accommodating.  We always order the veggie samosas as an app.  This visit I tried the Lamb Pasanda and it was very tasty; possibly more tasty than the Lamb Tikka Masala.  My wife's Chicken Biryani was not as tasty as we've had in the past but it was good.  Make sure you get a garlic naan bread too...and lots of the spicy onion salad stuff.  The staff recognized me from frequent visits and threw in a free rice pudding, which was very tasty.  Whatever you choose, I'm sure you will be happy with your dinner.  Hint: if you take out and pay cash, you get 10% off.I went here for dinner with a few friends. The atmosphere here is very nice, and the prices are reasonable and appropriate for the quality of the food. Plus, Philly doesn't have too many Indian restaurants, and this place is a good choice for groups or nights where you just want something comforting and filling. But to me,  Indian food comes in two varieties, and this one is of the type that taste like cheap greasy take-out. Probably won't ever go here again if I can avoid it.I'm sure that I only got a half-made chaat. The takeout container just had a single layer of chickpeas and a lemon slice. There was no potato, no onion, no chutney, no spices. Utterly horrible. If I hadn't been a 40 minute walk back to the restaurant I would have returned it. I called to complain and got an offer of a free samosa, but I won't be returning to Indian Restaurant.This is a great addition to the neighborhood. The food is one of the top Indian restaurants in Philly and very reasonably priced. I have been into the restaurant 3 times and tried multiple items and really enjoy the vegetarian tofu and bean dishes. I would not recommend desserts. BYOB as well which is great considering it is not Italian.My girlfriend and I love this place!! We have  not been to all of the Indian restaurants in the city, however, the combination of reasonable price and good quality makes this one of our favorite date spots. We have been here three times, and I'm in love with their lamb vindaloo! Spicy enough to make you sweat, yet still extremely enjoyable. My g/f loves the salmon, snapper and the mango drink. And the fact it's byob and 10% off with cash makes my pockets feel a little better. Like the man before me, can't help but love a good BYOB!The name lacks imagination but I guess it will show up when you google it or search for indian food on Yelp.  I ordered delivery and my food showed up within the estimated delivery window.  After being edible, this place passed the next most important test for indian food - the ability to get two meals out of one entree plus nan.  I'm sold.Nothing has changed, still fantastic. Packed with happy diners on a Saturday night. BYOB and enjoy a delectable meal for two for less than $40 before tip. 
PS while I wait here for my takeout, I just received a free creamy Mango Lassi. MmmmmThis is my first Yelp review ever- I felt it was warranted after the great experience I had here tonight! Today, my boyfriend and I were in the mood to try a BYOB Indian restaurant we had walked past a bunch of times in the city. I hopped on Yelp this afternoon to check it out and was horrified to see the reviews for the place we were planning to go (dirty, terrible food, terrible service). We quickly decided to find a different place to dine and stumbled upon Indian Restaurant. We had such a wonderful dinner and both agreed this place deserved 5 stars. The service was wonderful- the waiters were attentive, but not overly intrusive. The place was vey cozy, beautifully decorated and clean. The food was also beyond delicious- we started with the cheese naan, which was served hot and perfectly cooked. We then shared the chicken tikka masala and vegetable korma and both thought they were the best tasting Indian entrees we had ever had. Our waiter even gave us a rice pudding on the house after our meal, which was just as good as everything else we ate this evening.
Key tips: BYOB, 10% discount if you pay with cashGood food, rich, creamy sauces, strong flavor. Service always excellent. The mannequin that greets you by the front door takes some getting you used to, but eat a plate of their food and you'll be happy you came.I have been wanting to go here for a very long time.  I was not disappointed!  It is a very comfortable BYOB.  Their service was great.  They didn't rush you and you didn't feel forgotten.  The food....DELICIOUS.  I highly recommend the Shrimp Tandoori Masala.  I wanted to roll around in it, it was so damn good!!  I will be back many times.  I'm hellbent on trying everything (vegetarian) on their menu.  I'm grateful they're so close to home.I have ordered from this place several times before and I've always had a decent experience. This time, I wanted to order their lunch special($10.95) and a samosa appetizer ($3.95). Since I'd never had their lunch special before, I decided to call them up and find out what it would entail. 
They guy who picked up the call, was gruff in his manner, but I'm not one to hold this against a restaurant. I ask him about the lunch special and the first thing he says is "what's the phone number?" Um...okay...fine. I give him my phone number and he starts an order. I go along because, hey, I wanted to order some food anyway. Then he tells me that the total falls well short of  the $15minimum (Which would not be the case if I ordered over Eat24). So I ordered another set of samosas. Now he tells me the total is $20.36, and by now I'm extremely uncomfortable with the prices I've been quoted. So I politely tell him that I would like to cancel this one and order online. To which he seemed to agree, and even advised me to remember the $15 minimum.
I order online and my total comes up to $16.90 without tip as opposed to the $20.36 he would've charged me. Relieved at having made the right decision, I go about my day. 5 minutes later, I get a call from the restaurant and some guy (the same one I talked to earlier) starts YELLING at me for having made 'duplicate' orders. He didn't even let me get a word in! When he calmed down enough for me to remind him that I told him very clearly about cancelling, he started yelling again. And when I told him to simply cancel the first order, he yells again about how 'its a computer and he cannot change it' and he would be cancelling both my orders. Wow. 
Turns out this guy is the manager of the restaurant. What a shitty service. The management is going to run this place to the ground, and I don't think I'll be sorry when it goes to dust. Avoid avoid avoid! You'd be much better off at Minar Palace, where the management is much nicer to talk to and the food is much better than this sorry excuse for Indian food.Review is for delivery only. 
The only thing my beloved South Philly is lacking is Indian food! We were excited to find out that Indian Restaurant delivers all the way to south of Snyder. Ordering for delivery can be done online through their website and it is quick and easy, including payment with a credit card.
We ordered mulligatawny, chicken tikka masala, and a Pakistani dish that I can't remember the name of but it is sort of Indian meets chicken pot pie (but with lamb). The mulligatawny was absolutely delicious - I have been searching for a good version of this soup for takeout for years. It reheated very nicely as well. Our dinners were also very good - not the best Indian I've ever had but solid and tasty. Portions are definitely big enough to make into 2 meals, especially if you order soup and naan along with it. 
Delivery took about 40 minutes, which I didn't mind since we are pretty far away. Would definitely order again!Amazing. Lightning fast delivery with online (nonverbal yay!) ordering. 
Their veggie options are great & authentic. They use an actual tandoor oven & if you ask about it they are more than willing to show you it personally....ovenally. 
The freshest meats that shock even seasoned...meat....people. 
Wonderful hidden gem thats literally named "Indian Restaurant". 
What fun.This is my family's go-to place for take out and delivery.  The prices are extremely reasonable for the amount of food you receive in each portion.  The lamb samosas are hefty and a great value (2 big ones for $3.50).  
I especially love the chana chat, the chicken biyani (filled with very juicy pieces of chicken), and the samosas.  My husband's favorite is lamb vindaloo and he has never complained about it not being spicy enough, a common complaint he has with most restaurants.  
We usually try something different on the menu every time we order, and we have never been disappointed.Great food. Fast delivery. Lamb Vindaloo is awesome. Gets pricey when ordering for a lot of friends.This is pretty much my go-to restaurant in the neighborhood now! I've always thought Ekta as the best Indian restaurant in the area, albeit the trek to Fishtown, but now I have just what I need round the corner. 
Definitely try any of the appetizers that come with their fluffy bread, it is absolutely delicious. I also enjoy my usual chicken tikka masala and lamb rogan josh staples but I've tried a few other curry variations too and the korma and saag paneer is spot on. 
My favorite however - their sweet lassi. If you like yogurt drinks, look no further! They recommend their mango lassi and that's tasty too but I know an Indian restaurant is doing it right if they make a mean lassi! Even if I'm not sitting down for a meal, I drop by for a lassi takeout on the way home. Dessert wise I've tried both the rasmalai and gulab jamun which I love but it's because I have a huge sweet tooth.Wasn't the best and wasn't the worst. Since there seems to be a real dearth of Indian restaurants around Philly, I'll have to say it is acceptable to eat at this aptly named location. We had Chicken Tikka Masala and Chicken Malai with some Samosas ($38 with tax).  I wasn't jumping for joy though. To top things off, it took at least 30 minutes for the waiter to clear the plates and bring the check. We were talking so it was okay, but we had to eventually flag him down. Portion size could have been a little bigger. The funny thing was that the leftovers tasted better than the original meal. That's unusual and not really sure what to make of that. 
Food Quality/Taste = 3 Stars
Portion Size Given Price = 3 Stars
Price = 3 Stars
Service = 2 Stars
Experience with Staff = 3 Stars
Decor = 3 StarReally great food and the service is amazing! I saw an employee of the restaurant off duty and he remembered that I was a customer! Also they gave me free dessert! Made me feel special and I love it! 5/5 I am thinking of coming there again.Lovely atmosphere with white tablecloths, clean, attentive service and the food was delicious.  I had the best lamb vindaloo.  My father had a lamb dish that was also tasty.   Docked a notch for rather high prices but we will definitely return.Food was good and the place is decent enough, similar to other posts, it will do.First-timer's take: ordered a range of vegetarian items for delivery through grub hub: samosas w/accompanying chutneys, naan, saag paneer, channa, baingan bharta, assorted pickles. The baingan bharta was the standout dish, creamy and surprisingly spicy. Everything else was underwhelming,  tasted off, and/or was off texturally (looking at you, pickles, chutneys, and samosas). All of the food was cold, which was to be expected given it took an hour and 45 minutes to get to us (almost an hour later than expected). While IR simply could have been having an off night, given the number of Indian restaurants in the area we don't expect to try this one again, for delivery, for eat-in, or for takeout. 2.5 yelps rounded to 3, all for the eggplant dish that was quite good.Now I'm no pro when it comes to Indian food, but this was excellent. The fluffy garlic Naan and Masala was delicious. Everything was delicious. Five of us ate dinner for a very reasonable price and were all very happy with our meals. The staff was super nice, they actually brought us samples of foods to try and a complimentary dessert. I have been back 2 times since then and just as pleased as the first time. BYOB is always a plus.So, I'm getting my wig trimmed, and the barber suggests a BYOB called Indian Restaurant.  I love me a good BYOB.
A couple days later, Cabernet in hand, I walk with a lovely lady, in the midst of a snow storm, to embark on a fine Indian adventure.  I enter and am greeted by a tall, slender manikin dressed in clothing you might find in India.  She was friendly, however, I was a bit confused.  Given the name of the place, I was expecting feathers, leather garb, long braids and a buffet of beef jerky, wild corn, pemmican, smoking tobacco, peyote and other famous Native American delights.
After getting my bearings and realizing that the restaurant served Indian food (like that found in India), although a bit caught off guard, I remained very excited about the meal to come.  
Overall, the food was great, but I think the owners could do a bit to enhance the clarity of the restaurant name.  
The place is a sit down spot, but pretty casual.
Here's what we got:
Lamb Saag -- love Saag.  The sauce is made from pureed spinach.  Looks gross, tastes awesome.  I dig it because it's a meat dish with a solid serving of veg built into the sauce.
Chicken Tikka -- Can't go wrong here.
Mixed Veg Platter -- can't remember exactly which one.  I asked the waiter for a recommendation.  He hooked it up.
It came with rice.
Everything was great!!
Due to the snow, the place was pretty empty.  Although, there was a table of four sitting next to us and we were able to eavesdrop on a interesting conversation about pharmaceuticals, drug abuse, withdrawal, etc.  I'm pretty sure one of the girls was a  medical professional.  Did you know that alcohol and xanax are some of the most dangerous substances to withdrawal from!?!
Service was totally adequate.  They tended to our needs, but didn't bother us.  We enjoyed a long dinner with flowing conversation punctuated only by bouts of hysterical laughter.  A night to remember.
Oh and if you are a crazy paleo weirdo (like me) or gluten free, Indian food is pretty accommodating.   ENJOY!I got take out from this place through Grub Hub. It took over two hours to arrive.  It was bad. Really bad.
We ordered: 
-- vegetable samosas, which were tough (thick dough) and tasteless (bland insides).
-- fish curry, which was oily and strongly fishy-tasting, as if the fish were old or badly defrosted.  Yuck. I felt sick for several hours after eating a few bites.
-- peshawari naan (Afghani-style bread with coconut), which was undercooked 
-- bindi bhajee (okra with tomato), which was passable, but nothing special
-- poori bhajee (puffed bread with chick peas), which was a mixed bag: the poori (bread) was hard, but the chick peas were the best thing in the order, according to my husband (I couldn't bring myself to try anything else after the fish curry).
Also, we asked for the food to be spicy, and it was very, very mild.  No spice to be found. 
We love Indian food, and we are both good cooks who can recognize bad cooking mistakes and poor-quality ingredients. We were expecting to get a bunch of dishes that we could enjoy as leftovers for a couple of days after our first meal. Instead, we threw out what was left.  It was terrible.
For a place that is Not Cheap and Not Fast, this is inexcusable. We will never order from here again, and we suggest that you don't throw your money away on this restaurant either.I had a good experience at Indian Restaurant.  In the realm of what  I would call standard indian (aka stuff you'd find on a buffet) they do it pretty well.
We began with the chaat which was cool, crispy and tangy as advertised.  The rice wafers provided with it along with the 3 chutneys (cilantro, tamarind, and some chile concoction) were very tasty.
For mains, we went with Lamb Vindaloo and Chicken Tikka Masala (based on others reviews)  I was more a fan of the vindaloo as it had deep spice and flavor and the lamb actually picked up these characteristics.  The CTM was bland to me and as such, I wouldn't get it again.  It's just not a dish that rings with my flavor profile though others seem to enjoy it.
At the end, the owner indicated that they provided a cash discount.  I understand that small businesses have to pay for transaction fees which cuts into their bottom line.  If you're a cash person, you may enjoy this feature.  I opted to pay on card because that's what I brought.
I would come back here for a meal.  Service was prompt and the food did the trick.I happened to be in the area and just stumbled upon this restaurant. Tried to figure out their yelp reviews, but I was on my phone and with a name like 'Indian Restaurant' ...I had a little trouble. Good thing too, because the reviews are pretty negative and would have definitely deterred me! Sorry guys, my food was amazing! The waiters were super attentive, and the spice levels were super spicy just like we asked. A bit more expensive than other Indian restaurants, but nothing crazy. I had the saag paneer, which coincidentally I just tried to make at home a couple weeks ago. This made me realize how bad my version really was. All around good experience.This has to be the least creative name I have ever heard. I wouldn't have cared if the food was good, but unfortunately it wasn't. 
I am surprised with all the good reviews. Just goes to show that dearth of good Indian restaurants in Philly is causing people to be satisfied with sub par food. The food lacks flavor and my chicken wasn't even fresh, I could not have more than two bites of my chicken. My boy friend loves biryani and he ordered some here. I can tell you this; what came out of the kitchen was NOT biryani. It was some spiced rice with a few pieces of chicken in it. 
The owners of this restaurant  have another restaurant, King of Tandoor which is closer to where I live and they deliver. I would say the food at King of Tandoor is a lot better.Seriously, I have tried Tashan (gross for vegetarian options), Tiffin and other indian restaurants in the city and this place is the BEST. I never do the yelp thing cause I work in a restaurant and think yelp is terrible place for passive aggressive restaurant frequenters but I really like this restaurant and the folks who work there so I think its worth breaking tradition. The Chana Saag!!! is my go-to every time but pretty much everything is good. The folks who work there are super sweet. I think this place is a hidden gem. Please frequent!Okay.  Ordered take-out from here with a group. 10% off if you pay in cash!  It didn't meet my expectations. The eggplant dish I ordered was too sweet, almost like applesauce, and the taste of eggplant was hard to discern.  The saag wasn't the best either.   Fatty lamb.  The chicken was well-spiced, though.
The ambience was romantic, with table cloths and BYO.  Would be good for a second date, if indian food didn't make your breath reek.I. LOVE. THIS. PLACE.
This is my go-to delivery spot. Every time I order, I am helped graciously, the food arrives in a timely manner, and the food is just down right good. The gentleman who answers the phone is so nice too, i love talking to him. (Also, this place was open on Christmas Day, no need to suffer through bland Chinese anymore!)
On to the food. My favorite by far is the Lamb Korma. Hints of almond make this dish sultry and mouthwatering. I dip my naan in that sauce. Hell, I would dip my finger in this sauce and it eat it. It's that good.
The Naan....oh, the naan. I dream about this bread. I just want to dip the whole thing in my lamb korma and go to town. 
Bhujia- Onion Fritters....the last time we had them they weren't great, but they usually are really fluffy and flavorful. I like to dip mine in the brown sauce they give you, but my husband prefers the tomato. The green sauce isn't bad either. And another thing, way to go Indian Restaurant with the three dipping sauces! They add an additional flavor to each bite, and I love dipping the naan in each of them for a completely different and unique flavor. The green is spicy, but oh so wonderful.
I don't care for the kebobs. They are like mushed up chicken. Not my favorite, but it was worth a shot. I also wasn't a fan of the Galub Jamun. I thought i would really like this one, but it just didn't hit the mark with me. It was a little too dry for my taste.
I am a big fan of the delivery, but have yet to try dining in. However, if you choose to try Indian Restaurant, do not forget to order the naan. Naan.Great place! I came here with my bf several times, and everything was delicious. Place is very pleasant, clean and romantic. Service was very good, the only thing I would like to be better, are waiters that speak better English. It was hard to understand each other. But in general, an awesome place for a date, just dinner, brunch or lunch.This is the best first day of spring snow-day ever. I ordered Chana Chat (spicy), Lamb Tikka Masala w Garlic Naan and Rasmali for dessert. Perfect food for this type of weather!After several times ordering from here without a problem, my latest experience with Indian Restaurant has soured me forever. Placed an order online, waited about 75 minutes before getting a bit impatient (they were usually there within 30-45 minutes). No one answered. Called again. No answer. 
Had to call GrubHub, who then put me on hold while they called the restaurant. I guess they finally got through because someone there said my food was on the way and would be there within 10 minutes.
Fast forward 25 minutes... no food. Call restaurant. Someone eventually picks up, tells me my food will be going out soon. He just doesn't know when his driver is coming in. 
So they were lying to me (and to GrubHub) the whole time. They had no idea when or if they would ever deliver my food, but had no problem wasting nearly two hours of my time (and taking my money). 
Canceled my order and will never eat there again.Been here ton of times. Chicken saag is amazing!!! Order online and get 10% off. Chicken tandoori flavors are good though a bit dry. Love this placeThe best Indian spot I've found in the city. We got take out that arrived promptly and extremely hot. I have never gotten delivery or take out that tastes as good as a dine in meal, but they did it... Amazing!Meh, mostly bland food. Some of the portions are small too. I got a shrimp dish recently and it was a handful of shrimp in a tub of sauce, definitely not enough food to eat for dinner. Also, the last time I got food delivered they brought the wrong order. I was really rooting for this place but they fall short.I ordered delivery from Indian Restaurant tonight. Chicken Tikka, Samosas, and Naan. I was pleasantly surprised. If you're not looking to go out to dinner or are looking for an easy BYO, Indian Restaurant is a good choice.Clean, great service, food was pretty good too, and it's byob - it's was a pleasant dinner, going back for sure!PROS: Mango Lassi, Naan, Veg Samosas
CONS: overcooked Chicken Tikka Masala (very dry) and Shrimp Tandoori Masala (pasty); steep price for Indian take-outLove it!!! Best vindaloo I've had by far in Philadelphia. Good service. Rice puddling was amazing wished the serving size was bigger.SUPER good indian food! Great ambiance, BYOB, excellent service...what more can I say? Oh yeah...that we paid $50 for FOUR people, of which 3 are guys?? can't beat it!My husband and I eat at Indian Restaurant a couple of times a month.  The food is Bangladeshi, and we love it for an inexpensive evening out.  It is a BYO, which is always nice, and we are always treated well by the staff.  I love the saag paneer.  This place cannot be beat in terms of value or service!"Where do you want to get dinner tonight?" "Indian Restaurant" "Okay, which one?" "Indian Restaurant!"
Lack of creative name aside, I'm so happy to have found out about this place. It's by the same folks from King of Tandoor up on Callowhill, which was my favorite Indian food in the city but sadly on the complete opposite side from where I live so had become reserved for special occasions when we felt like driving and looking for parking. One look at Indian Restaurant's menu and I got excited; favorite entrees ordered and I was happy. The food is just as good as the other location, and the menu just as extensive. Definitely try the dumpakhts, which I've only ever seen on these two places' menus. And little touches like free papadam to start and rice pudding to finish make it a lovely dining experience as well.
The only thing holding back the 5 star rating is the service. The guys here are very nice, but they seem to forget about you once you're done eating. Not that I want to be rushed out after a meal, but when they stop filling the water but don't bring the check it gets a little frustrating.Cannot recommend this restaurant enough. The food is incredible, the service is impeccable, and the delivery time is astonishingly fast. This is the best thing to happen to G-Ho restaurant wise in a long time. As great as delivery is, I went there last night with my mom and wife and the service was impeccable. Had great suggestions when he heard what we liked and dropped us off a little rice pudding sampler free of charge at the end. The name is pretty bland but the service and food are anything but.I used to live nearby before moving away from Philly, and when I come back to visit I make sure to come here to order the chickpea appetizer. My favorite item on the menu! The rest of the menu is solid. The staff is incredibly welcoming. I definitely miss this restaurant.Decided to come here with a friend visiting from out of town. Both of us were really impressed with the lamb curry and the chicken biryani. Strong flavors and decent portion size. We went a little crazy with the naan, but well-worth it to pair with the food. We idiotically ordered two orders of it, but one is more than enough. Loved also the crispy flatbread appetizer.They don't know how to treat customers. Two tables were literally pushed out of the place because it was approaching 10pm. Before that they refused to take an order at 9.45pm because "the kitchen had closed."
If your workers have to go home at 10pm then make sure you close the restaurant at 9.30pm so that people can still eat in peace.
Disappointed!My fiance and I decided to try here for lunch. We were the only two in the restaurant, yet the service was terrible. We ran out of both rice and water and the server never bothered to check in on us. Once we finished, we had to wait for him for 10 minutes! He ended up sitting at an empty table with his ear buds in, talking on the phone and never even looking over! I had to yell to get his attention. Extremely rude. The food was very meh, so I don't think I will be returning.I have been here a few times now along with their other restaurant King of Tandoor over on Callowhill. The food is not bad but they don't have any competition over here so It's consistently average Indian. I wouldn't go out of my way to go here but I do find myself in this neighborhood quite frequently - so I dine here on occasion.I was hesitant of this place based on the generic name, but was craving Indian food and stopped by for a late lunch. I ordered the malai kofta and garlic naan and both were extremely sweet. The spices were overpowered with sugar. 
The service was fine, and my food wasn't inedible but just not the flavors I was expecting.First time visiting "Indian Restaurant" and as other patrons have stated, wondered why the bland monicker when the environment and savory smells from the kitchen were quite the opposite! My long-time friend and co-Indian food connoisseur was a few minutes late as she had a hard time finding a spot to park. Recognizing this, the manager brought over an appetizer of pappadums and chutneys on the house for me to nosh on while I waited. Very attentive! Onion chutney was probably the best I've had.
For apps, we ordered samosas and the poori bhajee. Both delish and perfectly spiced. Ordered mutter paneer and palaak paneer for entrees. Generous portions of paneer and the sauces were creamy and flavorful. Only criticism was we were never asked a spice level for the entrees and they we're obviously made "white girl spicy" and had no bite! Next time we'll remember to specify how hot we want it! They seem like they aim to please. Then ras malai with gulab jamun balls on top for dessert. Great meal and great service. Wish I lived closer for take-out!Let me get right to it - If you want Indian Delivery in Philadelphia, order from here. I have tried many of the options available, and this is Far and Away the Best Indian Restaurant in the area. The fact it is eponymous with the cuisine served is fitting. This is not merely another place to get food, but rather "The Indian Restaurant".
On to specifics. First, if you are ordering out I believe there is a discount for paying in cash. Food arrives reasonably quick is hot and you are ready to go. I have yet to order anything from the menu that I wasn't thrilled with. As far as takeout goes, this is exceptional. As for eating in - it is rarely a long wait to be seated. The staff has universally been great, and its a BYO to boot. 
To sum everything up, Good Staff, Good Food, Good Price, Good Service. As someone who orders from here at least once per week - you can't really go wrong.I am so torn in this place. Food is delicious and BYOB. However, if your eating in be prepared to wait for a long time. One time we drank our entire bottle of wine before we received our appetizer. Delivery also takes a while. Again- food is amazing though, and if you have the time wait for it!Mediocre Indian food. Guess if you're super hungry for Indian, this will suffice. The creepy mannequin of an Indian woman as you walk into the door really doesn't help my appetite. Why is it there???
I think I'll rather buy Indian simmer sauce and naan at the market to make my own dish. Well, that's what I've been doing. It's better than the food here when I'm craving Indian.Oh, Indian Restaurant, I wanted to like you soo much, especially as you are literally 3 blocks away! But alas it seems like Philly's Indian restaurant scene will continue to be meh.
For what it is worth I ordered delivery, which was quick enough using the online system.
Here's what we ordered:
Shrimp Karai ($15.95)
Alou Mattar Gobi ($10.95)
Saag Paneer ($10.95)
Veg Samosa ($3.50)
Mixed Tandoori App. ($8.95)
The good: All the dishes were serviceable.  Nothing was absurdly delicious, but all were passable.  
The samosa could have used a touch of salt (but were otherwise good) and the saag paneer, while a little *too* rich for me (I love me some cream, but trust I do not need all of that cream) was very tasty.  There were not enough veggies for me in the Alou Mattar Gobi.  In my wee container there were about 4 smallish chunks of potato and about the same of cauliflower.  Listen man, potatoes are cheap, fill my container up!  The sauce while delicious should have something to cling too.  I seriously debated peeling and cooking a couple more potatoes to drop into the sauce last night, but laziness won out and I just poured it over the extra rice.  For lunch today! How long do you think it will be before the secretaries in the office start complaining? My guess is 10 minutes.
Further, while I'm not a giant shrimp person myself, the husband was in a seafood mood so shrimp it was.  Six medium shrimp should not cost me $16 bucks.  That's crazy talk.  The mixed tandoori meat was a better deal, and if I can't swing the hubs into a complete veggie meal, I would probably order just this on the side of my veggies.  
Additionally, I really missed the heat in my food. While I would order again if an Indian craving hit and I had no plans to be in Central Jersey for a while, I would definitely tell them to make my meals very spicy next time.  
So in short (really!): Mediocre. Passable, but not memorable.  Maybe eating in is better?This is usually my go to for Indian delivery. The food is good. The delivery comes quickly. The garlic and onion naan is really good. Tikka masala very good but needs some heat. Shrimp biryani is tasty and you get a lot if it. I don't like the curry dishes but the Acari is really good but, again, could use more heat (it should be noted that I like a lot of heat). The chicken vindaloo is also good but....wait for it...could be spicier. The food is a little pricey for the size of the portions but u have never been disappointed by their food.This was my fist non-buffet try of Indian cuisine.
WHAT HAVE I BEEN EATING ALL THIS TIME?!?!?!
I have been enjoying Thai for a long time and recently fell in love with Korean, but Indian! I loved everything I ate at this place. The chaat I had was great, then the samosa just dandy, but then my main dish came - a chicken masala (my husband had another chicken variation and I liked it even better since it had some coconut) and the minced meat naan was fantastic. I was so full but I still kept trying to eat everything.
The lighting was nice with an installation of neon mood lighting in the ceiling. White tablecloths, and prompt, friendly service. I only wish I had room for something mango afterwards. I will definitely go back.This is my favorite Indian restaurant. I have only done takeout, so I cannot speak to the dine in, but the food is spectacular. I am a regular customer. Highly recommend.My first question about this place was; I wonder how they came up with the name. My only guess is that they decided that the most creative name for an Indian restaurant would be Indian Restaurant because it would always get a second question like... really the place is named Indian restaurant.. WTF... 
I like this place but only if you're dining in. The food is very flavorful, generous portions and very affordable. You will not leave this place hungry, believe me. Oh yeah and did I tell you? Its a BYOB which makes this place a relatively cheap place to eat for really good food. I try and get different dishes every time I go, however my go to meal is the Malai Kofta and Chicken Kadai. 
Only complaint about this place is delivery. The food loses its freshness and is just not as good.Food was ok .ambience was ok.food was too oily.parking was too difficult. Samosa was not too great,they was bland.Don't let the name fool you, this indian food is AMAZING. Chicken tikka, saag paneer, chana masala, it's all SO SO good.
What makes me love this place even more is the fact that people write it off because of the name (and maybe the creepy mannequin hostess). Because of that, you can always get a seat last second on a Saturday night. I've had so many great meals here with literally no planning and no wait.
Crap, maybe I shouldn't post this review... maybe I should keep the secret to myself...The unimaginatively named "Indian Restaurant" barely lives up to its name. The best description I can offer is bland. When I crave Indian, I want spice and depth of flavor. Indian Restaurant left me wanting. I give it two stars rather than one because I feel like I should have known better to expect authentic spices given the name.
The vegetable curry that I ordered was more like a yellow-tinged stew. Since I ordered take-out, I mixed in sriracha and garam masala to give it some flavor. The rice was also bland and wet, and the naan was unseasoned and rubbery. I was so unsatisfied that my boyfriend and I went to Minar (13th and Walnut) the next night.Came here on a Sunday afternoon (sometime between brunch and dinner) and were the only ones in the restaurant after a few take-out customers left. Two employees were hanging around the restaurant and it took us a moment to get their attention but after that they were more or less attentive. I wouldn't say it was the best service I've ever had. They turned on music shortly after we arrived so our conversation wasn't loudly echoing through the empty room.
The food was delicious. Saag Paneer, Chicken Tikka Masala, Aloo Gobi, and Tandoori Mixed Grill. We got a basket of mixed Naan which was warm and crispy and amazing. All of the flavors were great, the cheese in the saag paneer was fried perfectly, and all of the vegetables and meat were cooked perfectly. The only disappointment was that they seemed to be out of chickpeas so our Aloo Gobi was made with cauliflower, potato, and regular peas, which just isn't the same. 
Reasonably priced - five adults ate WELL for around $80. Entrees ran around $11.Officially my go-to for indian food!
The food is good, but what sets this place apart from the others is the SERVICE.
Seriously, the NICEST people! Came here for my sister's bday dinner and the folks here were SUPER accommodating and thoughtful.  They sang happy birthday, brought out ice cream with candles (on the house), it was a lot of fun!
Overall, this place is great for groups and I would definitely recommend it for a fun, perhaps cheesy,  birthday dinner :)  Also, bonus points for being a BYO.I went to this restaurant based on the Yelp reviews. Although the service was excellent, the food lacked flavor and substance. I did not think that I had been spoiled by Indian food, but this place made me think I had. I ordered the Aloo Nan, and it hardly contained any potato. I also ordered a vegetarian dish that was very unimpressive.