We went to Indonesia last night as part of the foodie group (Shout out to Foodie M!) of 31 people.  For $35 (including tax & tip - BYOB) per person we had an absolute banquet of food. 2 Diet Cokes we ordered in addition were less than $3.00.  Dang - I should brought some bubbly!
Our hosts (the owner and 2 attentive, hard working servers) treated us so well.  We had the entire private banquet room upstairs, and it was lovely, with fresh flowers on the long table, and ice water ready for us.
Our appetizers were balls of sticky rice stuffed with aromatic chicken, wrapped in a banana leaf.  (The banana leaf is used prevelantly in Javanese cookery).  I liked it, but it coulda used some dipping sauce.
Next we had a choice of soup - Chicken with coconut - different than Thai - and a little thinner - or an EXCELLENT Lamb soup.  The soup did have bones (lamb ribs) in it - so that turned a few people off - but I loved it - as the flavor was so tasty.  Lime leaves and lemon grass - and not at all "too hot" nor "too spicy".  I really, really enjoyed that soup.
After the appetizer and soup I already felt full, but I tried to pace myself (and failed) for the formidable feast.  Each couple was served a lazy susan with about 6-7 different dishes on it.  Large bowls of yellow aromatic rice (so delish) were placed on each table so we could all have as much rice as we liked.  (The rice had a faint jasmine tea aroma to it and was so sweet and wonderful. - Carbo loading at its best.)
The dishes on our lazy susan included a succulent and tender beef curry.  Now, I am not a curry person - but this was terrific.  A lovely "barbequed" chicken in a sweet red pepper sauce was fragrant and tasty.
All the meats were flake-tender.
I was not a big fan of the mackerel - again steamed with spices and wrapped in the ever-present banana leaf.  It tasted too fishy and cat-foodish for me.
The Udup-Udup - mixed vegetables with FRESH crispy bean sprouts and crunchy green cabbage was a good palate cleanser.
Fettucine-like strands of egg omelette were simply delicious as well.
Nasi goreng and Sate (yummy chicken sate) were on the platter, too.
Another stand out was the crisp, slightly sweet and calorie-laden corn & egg fritter.  Two of them were perched atop the center of the lazy susan and DH and I ate those right away while they were hot and perfect.
By now I was so full I could barely try the tempeh with shrimp and green beans (sounded better than it was) and Potato-meat croquettes (not my thing, but other people loved them).
Not one but 2 dessert courses followed.
Fried bananas - one of my favorites - were served with a small pitcher of syrup.  "They're not just for breakfast anymore"!  The batter evokes a french toast (sans cinnamon) taste.  They were a little thickly breaded (I am accostomed to Japanese Tempura bananas) for my liking - but I was so stuffed that I really didn't mind.
The final dessert was really. Well.
Weird.  It was a warm "soup" of sweet (slightly chalky) coconut milk, with pieces of (yummy) jackfruit), tapioca pearls, mung beans, shredded green jello (eeeew) and pieces of white bread.
Maybe it was because I was now too full to enjoy anything - but this type of dessert (take every tpical Javanese dessert item and put it in a bowl) would not ever be my cup of tea.  (Or soup - as the case may be.)
The best part of the evening was the terrific conversation and friendships made.  Foodie M.'s mom and sister sat near us - and that was terrific.
We also met another couple who were smart and funny and had been to Indonesia before (Though Balinese cuisine and easter Javanese are quite different.)
I would highly recommend trying Indonesia and supporting this wonderful local business.
A great time was had!For a non-Indo, this place might be acceptable. For those who have eaten the real Indo food, the only acceptable dish is the chicken satay.
The bihun goreng special (vermicelli), ayam kalasan, and tahu telor are below par.I am bias when it comes to Asian food. I just can't get enough of the cuisine. I love a good hole in the wall, feinedly, tasty and affortable place to eat.
I stumbled upon this restaurant recently and will be back. The food was quite spicy, which is good. Some places claim spicy but is hardly spicy at all. Service was good and there are many items I still want to try.Have tried more dishes since last visit!
I've noticed that Indonesian soup is always layered with spices and herbs. A tangy Gulai Kambing soup ($7.75) with lamb and coconut milk was no exception. It struck  an addictive balance of sweet and sour with lime, sugar, lemongrass and coconut milk all working together for our benefit.
Coconut makes another appearance in the marinade for the Ayam Goreng Kalasan ($7.25) - fried chicken. Though the crispy pieces are bony and on the small side, I was happy to gnaw what meat there was off the bones.
Nasi Goreng Kambing ($7.50), lamb fried rice, is absolutely amazing. Similar to an Uzbek plov, the lamb fat coats the rice and provides an amazing aroma without gaminess.Why do you close at 8pm??? 
Authentic Indonesian food.  Full service and better ambiance relative to Waroeng or Skycafe joints.  Good for larger group.
My favorites are:
- corn fritters 
- mie jawa
- ayam panggang kecap
- ayam panggang bumbu bali
- ikan bakar (not really grilled, it's fried fish)
Durian and avocado shakes are best to cool down after these spicy adventure.
BYOB.Great service, good food, and low prices make up for the somewhat shady neighborhood.  The service was enthusiastic and prompt.  We had no idea what we were ordering but devoured everything in sight.  We shared four entrees (squid something, random noodle dish, beef of some sort, curry-ish chicken) and multiple appetizers for a mere $40.  We are looking forward to returning here for more random Indonesian deliciousness.Super friendly service. Improved much more better than before.
Generous portion. Improved much more better than before.
Good price. It needs to stay that way.
Food is definitely Indonesian. You can't compare this to Penang or Banana Leaf in Chinatown.
Be adventurous! Try 'nasi pecel'. Try 'pangsit mie komplit'. Try 'nasi cap jay'. Try 'tahu telor'. Try 'rawon'. Try 'soto betawi'. And many more. I am seriously saying that the food is as good as it gets! Don't just settle for nasi goreng (fried rice) with all kinds of variety. They have fried rice everywhere, not only from Indonesia.
You can take off an ingredient (for example potato/tomato) from the food if you allergic to it. Just ask them what's in what when you're ordering. They are that flexible.
All in all, this is definitely one of the best spots to experience an authentic Indonesian food in Philadelphia area.This review is an account of a great meal had by the fooodie group, which I organize. http://foodie-group.blogspot.com/   We eat for fun.  Indonesia Restaurant was enthusiastic and eager to please us from the start.  
The foodie group seemed to have a blast at Indonesia Restaurant. OK, that's actually a slight understatement. It seemed like everyone was having a LOT of fun and before we left, most were in a state of limbo between food high and food coma. 31 foodies filled a long table filled the beautiful dining room upstairs with talking and laughing while at times borderline giddiness (or was that just me?).
We were welcomed by Indra with a friendly and informative introduction to the meal we were about to eat.  We gorged ourselves on the feast introduced to us as "Nasi Kuning" which means yellow rice and is a special banquet-like feast for special occasions. For us, it was an introduction to various treasures found in Indonesian cuisine. Our friendly and enthusiastic host, Indra, seemed as excited as us for this event. He offered a friendly and informative introduction before we started, which always helps set the tone for a good foodie event.
This meal reminded me of complex flavors I've experienced in various cuisines from Thai to Indian and even Turkish. At other times the meal offered flavors less familiar yet certainly no less enjoyable. Shortly after our wine was uncorked our first appetizer arrived. The Lemper (Marinated chicken & sticky rice) was wrapped in a bright green banana leaf. Once unwrapped, the sticky rice rectangle was quite bland in appearance but not in any way of taste. Like all the the nine courses to follow, there was a mix of new and familiar flavors offered to keep our senses alert. The soup to follow was surprisingly robust. OK, weird, I just applied the word Robust before realizing it was in the description: Tongseng Kambing -(Minced Lamb with "Robust" soups). Besides being appropriately named, it had cabbage and juicy tender lamb and veggies etc. I was surprised how it was chunky like Pho, but flavored like curry. The broth was amazing too. Mmmm, damn, I'm getting hungry all over again.
Following the appetizer and soup, each foodie was paired to share a multi-compartment dish that held the six entrees listed below. To spare you and me the long review, let me just summarize.
First of all, there was a LOT of food and we didn't know where to start. It was suggested by a fellow foodie, whom I will not name, that we taste in order of the printed menu provided for us. Frankly this was a meal you could eat in any order but I found the Mackerel wrapped in banana leaves too strong a fish flavor for my liking to eat last. I was able to appreciate it's flavors but having, at that point, reached that familiar (family dinner) overstuffed stage affliction of wanting to try more and knowing you'd be ashamed later I only sampled it. I'm sure if I started with this I would have enjoyed more of it.
Some highlights of the entrees offered include the sauces being so incredibly delicious. The red curry was perfect, as was the peanut sauce on the fried noodles with satay. The most unusual experience for me was the texture and flavor of Telor Suwir -(Potatoes beef ball). It was the texture of a potato but had the yummy flavor of beef. Go ahead, tell me how that's not awesome! The coconut bell pepper sauce was my favorite and my foodie partner Sarah easily proved smarter than I when she started adding it to rice, noodles, eggs etc. The corn cake omelets were over a fresh salad-like mix of greens and shredded ginger that offered up a sense of redemption for over eating. It's not that it all was less than healthy, for me it was more feeling guilty for having crammed so much tasty things into one sitting.
Yeah, by now we were stuffed to capacity and of course we all knew we had two desserts to come! At this point, you noticed a calmer defeated undertone amongst the groups murmurs. We were challenged to take in so much. We were challenged by food, and food won. I was proud, however, that we never quit. The Pisang Goreng (Fried banana) was served with a carafe of brown sugar syrup. This was a very sweet banana fritter. Naturally the banana's are sweet when cooked and having been fried, they would've sufficed as dessert alone. But, no, the unique Angslei (Coconut milk, bread, shredded Jello, green beans) came and challenged my second-wind appetite. It was surprising, it was good. The key for many was to not think of the description. Just eat it and enjoy.
All in all, we had fun because the food was good. I detected no disappointments. The group was fired up from start to finish, and despite the amount we ingested, it didn't quiet us up much. The staff was quick and friendly. We did not merely feel welcomed, we felt the gratitude for showing up. Few foodie events evoke such emotions, but like the lamb we had at Zahav, I will probably always get slightly teary eyed when thinking of this meal.An unassuming place in an unassuming neighborhood, Indonesia seems to be the type of place that exists on inertia.  Meaning they've probably been doing their thing so long now that they're efficient enough to stay open.  I could be wrong, but it doesn't strike me as a booming business, due to location, hours, location....
Having said that, I really enjoyed the place and have every intention of returning.  The food was good, but I'm more just curious in general since Indonesian food hasn't gotten as much attention as Chinese, Vietnamese, Korean, etc.  It's fun just guessing what to get sometimes.  
I ordered a family style dinner that came with a chicken soup, a sampler entree platter, and dessert.  I also had this delicious egg, ginger, honey drink.  I wanted to try a ton of other things, but Pops is lazy and not a curious creature so we took the easy way out with the pre fixe.  
I don't think you have to be adventurous to try this place, at least not foodwise....geographically perhaps.  I would put it on the same plane as Malaysian food (Penang).We had some really great food and a big party for sixteen people with masses of food cost us maybe $20 a person (without alcohol.) The appetizers are what are fantastic here. The satay was the best I've had (chicken), had "martabak" (I think, squares of dough folded over egg omelet and fried), spring rolls, mi goreng jawa and a lot more. The hits of the evening were Mi Goreng, fried rice and satay. We also had fried tempeh with sambal and other things but the noodles and satay were everyone's favorite. The kids were enjoying Indonesian tea in tetrapaks, apparently it's sweet and they were guzzling it down with various light fluffy chips that they sell in bags there. Everyone had something they liked, not all the food is spicy as you add the sambal or hot pepper yourself. I think the key here is to order masses of appetizers. If you are with only one other person, the satay and fried rice would be a good choice. The beef rendang was quite spicy and coconut-flavored, so if you like that, it was also good. But the satay was by far my favorite.I went on a trip to travel around PA and I could say that this is the highlight of my trip. Pork/chicken satay was heavenly. I have been trying to find Asian style satay for years and finally found it in this place. The price was reasonable and the service was outstanding. This place is a must visit if you wish to try authentic Indonesian food .Very flavorful, good food! We got several dishes to try and it was all great. The lamb curry soup was especially delicious.The worst service i've ever had. There's only one waiter / server for the whole guests. I asked the gado gado sauce to be on the side but when it came out, it's already mixed in. I said that was not how I requested. He went to the kitchen and came out with that dish and told me it's already mixed in. Basically saying too bad, it's already done so take it or leave it. It took forever for us to get his attention to place our order. When we were ready to order dessert, he said no more orders because it closed at 8. It's not 8 yet.This review is something of a Janus. It has two faces: two reviews. The two reviews are dependent upon each other. Both reviews consider Indonesian food. But, let me start from the beginning. I have something of a love hate regard for Anthony Bourdain. I find it disappointing that a man with such writing skills and with the world's kitchens at his call must resort to the crass banality of network food television. His recent episode of The Layover which featured Philadelphia offers an example of such pandering to the lowest common denominator. Nonetheless, from that episode I discovered that Philadelphia has an active Indonesian community. Indonesian food was a realm completely unknown and that called for exploration. Bourdain suggested Hardena as the essential Indonesian restaurant. When I do some research I found that Hardena was something of a buffet eatery with Styrofoam containers and plastic forks. While it seemed authentic Indonesian, I wanted to enjoy my Sunday at someplace with a bit more ambience. Continued investigation online proposed Indonesia Restaurant. Reviews seemed quite good although a few reviews suggested that the cuisine was Americanized. When I read the menu from their website I knew nothing more than before I began. But the menu looked interesting and the photos of the space were appealing. This was my choice. Indonesia is located at 17th and Snyder.  Bright, open and immaculately clean the restaurant is a wonder in the neighborhood's somewhat less than meticulous environment.  At the tables around us were Indonesian families from baby to grandma: a good sign. The serving staff, dressed in white, affably and eagerly addresses any questions. The slight problem is that the command and understanding of English is somewhat uncertain. We asked for help and our serve made suggestions. The suggestions may well be the cause of what resulted, a somewhat underwhelming selection.  My only guess is that our server, seeing that we were clearly not Indonesian, offered us some of the more bland items on the menu. Our table looked nothing like the tables of the Indonesian families around us. We asked to begin with Soto Ayam, a chicken and coconut soup. The first item to the table, however, was the combination satay. Within a moment they brought out the soup.  We found ourselves with two dishes confronting us at the same time. We began with the soup but unfortunately, the soup was barely warm and we asked to have it reheated.  Just as we sent back the soup, our two other courses were set before us: Nasi Goreng Special (fried rice with egg, cabbage, seafood and chicken) and Bihun Goreng Ayam (thin rice noodles with chicken.)  Everything was on the table at once and getting cold. We asked for plates to cover them. When the soup came back we found it pleasant but certainly nothing memorable. The satay was satay. Peanut sauce seems to reduce anything to a certain sameness.  By now, the rice dish was dead cold and we again asked to have it reheated. The noodles managed to hold their heat. Each of these dishes was pleasant enough but you had the feeling that you were eating combined leftovers from your last Chinese restaurant.  There was nothing with any kind of distinctive flavor. Now, in all fairness, I think the problem was not in the food but in the manner of selection. As a side, either the noodles or the rice would have been just that, a side. What we needed to order was something from the Poultry, Beef, Pork list and something from the Fish list. Perhaps our table would then have resembled the tables around us. The other consideration is the serving time. In many Asian cultures all foods are presented on the table at the same time and are eaten at room temperature. I find that difficult. I like to work slowly and savor each recipe. I also like my food to be hot. If you feel the same way, you may want to ask them to hold stagger your order. Indonesia restaurant probably merits another visit. 
Post Script: On the way home I decided to make a stop at Hardena, Bourdain's suggestion. The place is a tiny corner property. Inside the décor is hardly décor. A few tables fill one corner. The main counter houses about ten trays of various exotic dishes from which you choose three. I selected goat, fish and chicken. One was more delectable than the other. Hardena merits a full visit, Styrofoam or no. But that is another review.Delicious and spicy! Friendly and nice owner. The price of the food is cheap and reasonable.I had a bad experience here years ago but decided to give this place another try as I was craving for another Asian cuisine. And because the avocado shake was so good! Got the Campur complete rice dish and the combo satay and both were very delicious! I'm glad I only live a couple of blocks away as I see myself stopping by here to get some quick, amazing fix!Love this place. I used to visit them when they had the restaurant on Race street. parking was a bid an issue with the narrow roads. First time on Snyder and love the place. Clean and enough light to see your food....
I grew up in an very ethnic diverse environment with people from java as our "indonesian" kitchen. I really dont care about whether it is authentic or not. I think that this always changes overtime and what was authentic for me is not for my parents etc. the blend of spices and the flavor of the meat/fish/veggies is important. there need to be a good balance between the two.
ordered gado gado, es dawet and chicken with sweet ketjap.
The gado gado was great although i would like to see more tempeh in it. the peanut sauce makes the dish and it was good. not the best i have ever had but was good. on top of it i got some hot sauce on the side and combined it with the peanut sauce. that was goood!!
the es dawet is one of the best i have ever had. great great flavor and ingredients. love it!
The chicken with sweet ketjap was good although the chicken was a tiny bid overcooked (dry) but with the sauce combination you will forgive the cook.
Food: A-
Setting: A+
Service: A+
Price: very reasonable
I will visit them again. Great restaurant!This restaurant is excellent! I usually always get the Rijsttafel which is a combination of many Indonesian dishes from appetizers ,soup, main dishes to dessert. They have a very large menu with many selections and all at very reasonable prices.
The staff is very friendly and service is always good.I also enjoy the pleasant atmosphere and background Indonesian music.Keep up the great work!Been going there for years, food is always hot and prices reasonable.  My favorite is gado gado, all types of sate and their petah shrimp is awesome.  From some one who was born in Bandung, this Indonesian restaurant is truly exceptional.I went there with my wife couple of weeks back and it was our first time here. Initially, we were  planning to eat in sky cafe; however, we were too early and it wasn't open. I was excited to try this place out but once we stepped inside the door, the lady behind the counter ignored us and the waitress didn't greet us. From that point on, I know it was going down hill. The waitress wasn't friendly at all. She didn't seem to care too much about us. We ordered our food and it wasn't what we expected.  When I asked for the bathroom, the waitress just pointed her finger over her head to direct me. It wasn't a bad service but more of a no service.This is a terrific place for eating in or taking out...they even deliver...woohoo
We have been here a bunch of times and we absolutely love the food.  The neighborhood looks sketchy but is actually super safe.  You also get street parking pretty easily.
Try out the satay - we loved the pork ones the best.  The squid is pretty good. The shrimp crackers - the good thing is that they are cheap...but I think you get the same ones in the store.
Nasi goreng rocks...the spicy spinach is terrific...the curries are delicious - but I would have liked more curry and less meat...
Best thing about the place - the people are super nice.  
Love this place.Alright i think the 5 stars is due to because this is the most authentic indonesian food that I had in the US. 
The Food 
We ordered tahu berontak for starters and it tasted just like what it is in Indo! We ordered kalasan bakar kecap and soto madura for entrees and I dont have to tell you that it is delicious! the chicken is just taste like the one in Indo! It is basically like grilled chicken (for those who are not familiar) it could not get anymore authentic than this!!! The only downside for the soto madura (is a soup broth heavily with coconut milk and herbs) is just that the meat was more of the parts that I don't like. It would be nice to have more meat in the soto madura. But it is delicious and could not get any better than that! 
Atmosphere
The place is medium size. It is two floors and you get the Indo feeling inside the restaurant.
Service
Service was very friendly, felt like in Indonesia. They will recommend you other things by not being pushy which I like and they are very friendly.
Overall Experience
I WOULD DEFINITELY COME BACK!! they also had a small indo store called cafe perdana in which i would reviewed it too! definitely come here if you would like an indo food experience!I have tried quite a few Indonesian restaurants, but none of them tastes as close to home as Indonesia Restaurant. I especially love going there for rujak manis, which is basically cut mango, pineapple, cucumber, jicama, and tofu served with this thick hot sauce made with palm sugar. Another good menu item I've tried is the Javanese fried noodle (mie goreng Jawa) that tastes exactly like the one I got from the streets in Java. Don't even mention the ambience and service: I love the decor in this restaurant and the friendly service. This is my go-to place for sit-down Indonesian food now.The FAR WORST INDO FOOD EVER!! My boyfriend and I were visiting phill for short time and want to try Indonesian food since we don't have good Indonesian food in Dallas. Due to sky cafe being close, we Yelp here..  This is the worst food ever.. Even coming from my Indonesian boyfriend..
1: we order Chicken Mie (noodle) with soup, by far the worst food I have ever tasted. Broth taste close to the water you rinse veggies with, no flavor but a hint of boiled vegetables water. 
2. The satays are just decent, doesn't have the Indonesian satay flavor to it.
3. Last but not least the fried tofu with eggs and  veggies. Over priced for no reason, soaked with overloaded sauced that covers the whole entire plate. No one in the right mind would enjoy a soggy soft "fried" tofu. 
If you want good authentic Indonesian food go to sky cafe.Excellent! We use these guys for catering for meeting at our office. The prices are great and everyone loves the food! I have not tried it myself, being vegan and having a severe shellfish allergy but if 30 people tell you they love it, it must be good!I like the foods here it almost like my good I am came from Cambodia the fish and fried noodle is really good. I recommend to all Asian to come and enjoy the foods hereIf you want to try Indonesian food, this is the place I recommend.
The food is great and clean!
The service is nice and quick.
But if you try to find really authentic Indonesian food, they never have it like Putu or Kupang.
Be careful when you ask for hot / spicy. If you are not a fan of really spicy food, you can't handle it.Delicious food at affordable prices. Have been here twice, both on weeknights. Only downside is that both times, service was a bit slow as there was only one person working to do the order taking, food busing, and checks. However, the guy working was very friendly and remembered us!Delicious food in a comfortable establishment.  I love indonesian food and have enjoyed the highs and lows of it over the years.  I highly recommend this place - very authentic and delicious variety too.  fair warning,  it is BYOB and closed EARLYI love this place! The food is so good, the portions are generous and the prices are amazing. Seriously we are always amazed at the price when we get the check it is so low. The actual restaurant is nice, clean and pretty fancy looking. The staff is great. We live in the area and sometimes see our waiters riding around, they always recognize us in and out of the restaurant and are very nice.
They food is unique and tasty. We are pretty adventurous and have tried lots of things, all pretty good. Of course some we like more than others. The Potato Beef Balls are strange but amazing and we love the lamb satay. Those are both pretty safe choices if you are not very adventurous.Definitely my favorite restaurant,,,a lot of the food there taste just like how my mom used to make it,,,,,rice dishes to the sate and the bahmi  dishes everything in fantastic,,,,makes me miss my mom everything I eat thereGoing back to my root is what I am feeling when I step in to this place.
Kind-hearted people with beautiful smile greet every guests who walk in.
The food also reminds me of my childhood memories, such a wonderful experience.
The food is full of rich, spice flavor that make my mouth asking for more.
The price is absolutely reasonable.
Tips: do not come during lunch and dinner time on the weekend, it's packedMy place to bring an out of towner Indonesian folks when they're in Delaware Valley area.  Nono and his mum cooked a perfect meal ! Service was always excellent. Everyone has been so friendly and very accomodating.  
For you guys who want to be adventurous but don't know what to get,  try to order Rijstafel / Rice Table which is the origin of Smorgasboard but you stay at your table and the waiter will keep on bring in the foods with an appetizer at the beginning. ...
Enjoy !Why two stars?
I'm from Indonesia.... From Indonesian perspective, the dishes are not authentic at all as I would like them to be. Most of them are Americanized. E.g. Lontong cap go meh supposed to "curry-like" dishes, but it came out to be very liquidy with just a little taste of curry. Furthermore, it supposed to taste "spicy" not "sweet". Very disappointing.
- this place is pricey.. We only ordered one tofu appetizer, satay, bakmi and lontong cap go meh, turned out to be $30, tips excluded. 
- parking can be a bit challenging.. We came at 7:45pm so we still parked 2 blocks away
If you're looking for "authentic" indonesian cuisine, this is not the place.The food here is very pungent. A different kind of good flavor. Fried fish is spicy. Stir-fried spinach is spicy. lol. Almost everything is spicy here. The green dessert was cold, sweet, and yummy. Nice small local authentic restaurant with very good service.For you who never been to Indonesia and curious about Indonesian food, then you definitely have to go to Indonesian restaurant. Why? It has quite complete menu of Indonesian food. 
Indonesia has 13.000 islands and hundreds of ethics, so of course its kind of hard to sell food that represent each island or ethic. However, this restaurant sell many varieties of Indonesian food, from the sweet, savory to the spicy one. 
Make sure you go there with empty tummy because you have to try many kinds of food.
About the price? The price is actually not bad.
The good thing about this restaurant is that it's not a chain. So you won't find something like this somewhere else. I mean don't compare it with California that has many Indonesian restaurants. The owners and the workers are very friendly, they would happily help you if you need extra sambal, or pickles, or some other stuff.My wife and I ate here yesterday.  My wife is from Jakarta and loves Indonesian food and has converted me as well!  We have eaten here a few times before and have always thought the food was pretty good until yesterday.  There was no customers in the restaurant when we arrived.  The only employee in there kept interrupting us and kept trying to talk us into ordering the Indonesian fried chicken (Special of the day).  The chicken was completely breaded and tasted horrible, as if it was bad.  The fried rice was also horrible and tasted bad.  Besides that the employee/waiter who was the only other person in the room, interrupted us, sat in the chair next to us, and stared at us the whole time!  And he kept asking us how the food was.  He made us feel extremely uncomfortable!  Never again.
Sangat kecewa dengan makanan yg saya order. Menu ayam (Kalau tidak salag ayamnkeprek?) ayam dimasak dg tepung. Direkomrndasikan oleh bapak yg melayani  kami saat itu. (Special of the day) Saya bahkan mengorder dua .  Menurut saya makanan sudah agak basi.  Juga suasana di restaurant agak tidak nyaman karena kami selalu diawasi dan diajak bicara terus menerus.Indonesia Restaurant is my go to when I need a presentable Indonesian restaurant for a group gathering. However, for every point Indonesia Restaurant gains in ambiance, they lose one in flavor. 
There are a couple of standout dishes at Indonesia. First is their version of Martabak - fried pastry stuffed with ground beef and veggies. Second is the Bihun Goreng - stir fried thin rice noodles. Last but definitely not least is the Ikan Bakar - grilled fish served with an outstanding sambal chili sauce. 
I am not a fan of Indonesia's salads. Compared to the real thing, their versions are lacking in texture and flavor. Similarly, I find the flavor of their Rendang Sapi and other signature Indonesian dishes lacking in depth. 
While Indonesia Restaurant is always a good choice, there are definitely other equally good or better options in Philadelphia.When we walked in on weekday at 3pm, the place was empty. We had to make sure the place was open. 
Luckily they were open because we sure were hungry. We ordered tempeh goreng as a starter.  It was a bit too fried and tasteless. It was definitely crunchy, but you know it was refried. 
I ordered the Ayam panggang kecap. It was slightly spicy and the chicken was decent. It came with a bed of rice and some veggies as garnish. 
The husband ordered the nasi campur. It came with a medley of chicken and beef.  If you are unsure of what to order, you should get this.  You'll get a taste of everything. My favorite was the beef rendang. 
Overall, the food wasn't bad. I wouldn't drive all the way from New York to eat here, but I'll stop in again if we're in the neighborhood.http://fj717.blogspot.com/2013/04/eat-out-indonesia-restaurant-in-south.html
Suggested Drinking:
Es Lechi  (Lechi Iced Tea)
Riesling (White wine)
In the not-so-touristy part of South Philly, somewhere near Passyunk and Broad, is this very nice little restaurant tucked away.  I say little because it doesn't have a huge presence in the neighborhood, not because it isn't physically large.  I hear there is a bigger room upstairs.
We had passed this Restaurant while driving several times before, and thought that it looked good.  We were not disappointed, from the time we walked in until the time we left.  It was an authentic and very pleasant experience.   And the food was pretty darn good, also.
For those of us who are fortunate enough to love both Indian food and Asian cuisine, the Indonesian palette appeals to both tastes.  My dish was exceptional in that regard.  The Nasi Campur, what i dubbed the tour dish, was a delicious selection of several types of Indonesian foods.  While most of the samplings relied on the sauce for the flavor, like Indian food, there was also the refreshing snap and texture more fitting of an asian dish.  I was thrilled.
We also had the Sate Kambing, or Lamb Satay, as a side dish.  They pack a lot of flavor into that little stick of meat.  Taken with some peanut sauce, or their extra-hot sauce, it is excellent.  Eat it slowly.
For dessert, we shared the coconut milk with tropical fruit.  It was refreshing and tasty, with an interesting texture.  And the tropical fruit flavors were mixed wonderfully.  A great way to end a taste-heavy meal.If I can give 0 star, I'll give, why?
1. No hospitality given by the owner them self. When we enter the restaurant, she (the old lady) was showing sour face already. No smile, no greeting. We are Indonesian, so we know what and how to do HOSPITALITY, since I work in hospitality industry for years.
2. When answering our questions or explaining the menu, her voice is like angry n loud.
3. They had only 3 tables when we dine there. 2 tables 4 peoples and 1 table is ours (11 of us). They gave our order (mix meatballs soup) to other table n the never said sorry bout that. So we had to wait till everyone almost finish, then the meatball soup came. When we asked about our food, the owner shoutout loud to us. 
4. We had ordered Kalasan Chicken 2 portions, chicken taste bland n tough.
5. With this kind of service, they still put service charge/gratuity 20% on our bill. When we didn't want to pay the gratuity, the lady shout, "don't come back again".
Geez of course we don't want to come back at all. None. Zero. Nada. NulSaw the reviews on yelp and went  to check it out. Kinda small place but I went at an odd hour. Don't know how busy it gets in the evenings and for lunch. The hostess was very helpful and asked if I needed help with the menu. I was looking for light fare and she suggested the Tahu Telor. It was a lot of food very tasty.A few blocks away from the holiest hole in the wall Hardena, this spot, in contrast, has pretty table cloths and stained glass. The ambience is completely opposite from the plastic table cloths of Hardena. But at Indonesia restaurant, authentic food is not sacrificed in favor of decor.
Chicken, lamb, and pork satays are available, or you can get the combo with 5 skewers for about $7. On countless occasions I have been disappointed by dry satay skewers.  I was so impressed at how moist each of the skewers were.
Randomly listed as a side dish of the poultry, pork, and beef dishes was the Perkedel- fried potato beef ball for $3. These things were amazing, maybe my favorite of the day. The filled balls were fried up in some kind of egg batter that left them fluffy and with a really fun texture.
Deep fried marinatef beef is another one of those side dishes. This was like the beef version of chicharron with a lot less fat. Despite the lack of fat, it wasn't dry. The single piece in the $1.50 order was enough, more would have been overkill.The food was very good!!!  I highly recommend this restaurant; it was my first experience with Indonesian food and I'm glad I came here.For those already familiar with Indonesian food, this place is fantastic. 
For the adventurous eater, this place is great.
For the unknowing who may be afraid to ask for clarity, this place is a minefield.
Someone may order what they think might be a fried noodle dish and wind up with a soup. Don't let that deter you, though, adventurous eaters! If unsure of anything, ASK! Ask for a clear description of what you're getting before you order it. That said:
I've been enjoying Indonesia since they first opened in Chinatown. When I found out that they'd moved to the neighborhood, I was ecstatic! I got a group of friends and we went and we sat and we ate ate ate. 
Over the years, I've had just about everything their menu has to offer. 
Lumpia is the springroll/eggroll of Indonesia, Malaysia the Philippines and perhaps other places, too. 
Here at Indonesia, it is very large, enough for two people (and it's cut in half anyway), stuffed with bamboo shoots and delicious. Golden, steaming and wonderful.
Tahu telor is an appetizer that could be a meal unto itself: it takes up an entire plate. I'd call it a tofu pancake (tahu is Indonesian for tofu). It is fried, topped with an egg, various side stuff (sambals, shrimp crackers etc) and beansprouts. Peanut sauce is poured all over it, analagous to maple syrup over a flour and milk pancake.
Oh, this reminds me that Indonesia is not in the least vegetarian friendly, let alone vegan. Shrimp and fish hide everywhere, so just because it says 'tofu' doesn't mean it doesn't also have fish or shrimp.
Onward: Soto ayam is a delicious chicken soup, however very salty and I suspect from a mix which is then spruced up with fresh ingredients. I ordered it recently and found a large glob of something in it and it tasted very much like an overconcentration of the soup. However, I've never gone wrong with gulai kambing. Gulai is an Indonesian word for a curry-flavored or spiced broth and kambing means lamb, so this is a curry lamb's broth and it's delicious! Again, the unadventurous might be turned off by the on-the-bone presentation of the lamb in this soup, but it's fantastic, nonetheless.
Sadly, the saté, which is just about everyone's first taste of Indonesian cuisine, is a bit lacking, nonetheless, I wouldn't say it should be avoided: it's just not as good as the streetfood you can get on 7th Street. The lamb saté is the best of the offerings here.
The fried rices are all equally good, but I love ikan asin, which is with fish jerky. All the fried rices are made with cabbage. 
Rice platters are pretty standard Indonesian meals: a glob of rice in the center of a plate with multiple things around it or on top of it. Anything that starts with 'nasi' (rice) and isn't followed by 'goreng' (fried) is almost certainly to follow this design. 
For curry lovers, Danny's across the street may be better for you, but curry virgins might well enjoy Indonesia's curry: it's very mild, almost sweet in flavor. 
Whenever I come here, I always get dadar jagung. Dadar just means dough or crepe or something of that nature, similar to the Vietnamese word bahn meaning a crepe, bun or bread etc. Dadar jagung is a corn fritter filled to the brim with the tastes of Southeast Asia with cilantro, keffir lime leaves and win. 
A popular thing for this area is fried calamari. Every pizza place in South Philly has it bursting out of the fryers at a moment's notice. If you love that squiddy goodness, you've got to try Indonesia's! They call it cumi goreng tepung and it is the best damned fried calamari you'll ever have. Sadly, marinara is not available here, but asking for lime to squeeze over it makes it delicious. Try to ask for lemon, too. They'll occasionally have one to spare.
The desserts are not to western tastes and many of us will look at them in bewilderment as we gage whether to attack it head on or start with some strategy, so maybe it's best to avoid it. If they have it (it's usually on special) and you're adventurous at what an Asian dessert stew might be like, kolak is great. It's fruit stewed in coconut milk that's sweetened with palm sugar and flavored with pandan leaf. For those who tasted pandan before... it's a difficult taste to explain. It's quite unlike anything I can think of. Pandan just tastes like pandan, really. I've heard some people say it's similar to a good grade of loose green tea.
To try: nasi goreng, gulai kambing, dadar jagung, cumi goreng tepung, bihun goreng, bakmi goreng, rendang sapiWent to this place when I was trying to go to all Indonesian restaurants available at Philadelphia area and ordered to go - got the goat fried rice. Parking was not too bad since I came right before the closing time. Service was fast and the taste is pretty legit. It's pretty well decorated with Indonesian theme compared to other Indonesian restaurants in the area, so it should be a nice place to dine in and introduce people to Indonesian culture and food.
I'll definitely go back and try different items and the RijsttafelDelicious..yet affordable!We were here for a late lunch on a Sunday. The place wasn't busy when we were there. The place is family owned. The staff were polite & helpful. The place itself is quite spacious & clean. It's nice to hear a traditional Indonesian music playing while we were enjoying our meal. 
The food is delicious! Very authentic Indonesian cuisine! Unlike most of the Indonesian restaurant that we went, this one is definitely not halal because they serve pork. We ordered the noodle with pork soup, tahu berontak (fried tofu), bakwan campur (beef balls, shumai, & stuffed tofu with noodle soup), & pempek (fried fish cake with sauce). They were all so good! Great variety of Indonesian food! Just like the one you would see in a typical restaurant in Jakarta. 
The portion is great! Definitely bigger than other Indonesian restaurant that we went. All total, we spent about $30. It was definitely worth it. 
If you love Indonesian food or would like to try something different, this place is definitely worth visiting. When we were there on a Sunday, it was easy to find a parking on the street.So good!!  Loved all the different dishes and flavors. I think Indonesian food is a cross b/w Thai and Indian but really unique.I'd like to come back here to give this place another chance but my first experience here was just average. Mostly bc everything was SO spicy and I LOVE spicy.  I ordered the Ayam Bambu Rujak which as indicated on menu, is spicy, but for me, it was hard to taste the food with its spiciness.  plus it came with some side spicy sauces!
I'd go back though.  Maybe get something milder and use the spicy sauces to get the dish to my taste level.Nice interior. Gamelan music playing, which is pleasant. The food is hit and miss: the appetizers, especially chicken satay were good, but the fried tempeh was not so great--batter tasted odd. I've had better. The lumpia (egg rolls) were not so great either.  The main dishes were ok--a chicken soft noodle  was very gloppy--the soup was unevenly thickened  and unpleasant. The bami goreng jawa was slightly spicy and sweet, had some chicken, no shrimp (as you usually find it.) But it tasted good. The fried rice (nasi goreng) was standard. Cendol was good, if you like cendol. (Sweet jaggery syrup with coconut milk and jelly pieces.)  I enjoyed the food but nothing stood out--as Indonesian food can be very exciting sometimes.  Some dishes came with small dabs of sambal oelek; if you need spicy, be sure to ask as the food was mildly spiced, probably to suit American tastes. The location is easy to find--street parking only and on a major street in S. Philly (Snyder) so not difficult to get to.If you're constantly seeking new and interesting cuisines, you may occasionally find yourself bored with the options at hand. 
Chinese? Please, that's practically American. 
Thai? So overdone. 
Indian? Ugh, not another buffet.
Malaysian? All the restaurants are exactly the same. 
Burmese? But we've already been to Rangoon three times in the last month. 
Ethiopian? They eat food there?*
Indonesian? Now that's exotic. 
I could tell I was going to like this place by the gorgeous Javanese tablecloths. This nice Indonesian restaurant serves quality (and inexpensive) food. Some of the decor is a little tacky (a la most foreign restaurants) but still on the nice side, and the beautiful tablecloths and interesting serving dishes make up for the slight tackiness. Service was very friendly and attentive: they constantly kept our water glasses filled and came by about 3 times to take our order before we were finally ready. 
The reason we took so long to decide was because the majority of dishes on the menu were unrecognizable and unpronounceable, just the way I like it. The combination satay skewers ($7) with chicken, pork, lamb and beef were tasty and came with the standard gravy-looking sweet satay sauce. But really, how can you go wrong with grilled meat on a stick? The side of deep fried shredded beef marinated in sweet soy sauce (Empal) was seriously fantastic, and a steal at $1.50. The fried potato and beef balls (another side) were fine; they were heavy on the potato but had no noticeable meat content. The whole fried catfish ($16) was quite tasty, especially with lime juice and sambal chili paste. The Bakmi Goreng Jawa ($7) was a spaghetti-type noodle dish with scrambled egg, chicken, cucumber, and a vegetable similar to baby Chinese broccoli. This turned out to be a relatively safe option (good for those less adventurous), kind of like Lo Mein but with a delicious delicately-flavored slightly sweet sauce. 
Another hidden gem, this place completes the trifecta of awesome Indonesian restaurants in Philly. You've got Hardena for the delicious homestyle hole-in-the-wall food, Sky Cafe for a somewhat trendy cafe-type atmosphere, and Indonesia Restaurant for a slightly more elegant (but still inexpensive) place for an adventurous date. 
*This culturally insensitive statement is not reflective of the author's personal views. Food is in fact eaten in Ethiopia, and famine is a serious humanitarian issue.love this restaurant. I alawys go here when I missed my homemade food. It's clean and nice atmosphere. I agree with Colin that the waiters speak english really well. For any of you that are not familiar with indonesian food, it's a mixed between chinese, indian (some food has curry), malaysian (the closest in geographic and also in food type), and thai (spice).  My favorite is Bakmi Goreng Jawa (Javanese fried noodle), tempe penyet (like colin c said), tahu telor (it's a fried tofu mixed with egg with peanut sauce), and different kind of fried rice. Their satays are also delish!! Overall the food they have in the menu is not spicy. 
This restaurant used to be in Chinatown at race street but I guess, they have more patrons by locating itself in the heart of Indonesian community. 
Parking is off street but I never really have trouble to find parking. The only cons for this restaurant is (i think) they close at 8PM on the weekends. So if you want to go for dinner, go early.Love this place.  Took me forever just to get to this review.  I still do eat here occasionally but not as often as few years back.  This restaurant offers great food at an excellent price.  The service is awesome.  They only have one waiter most of the time since the space is extremely small but still attentive. They mainly work off of takeouts.  Love their shaved ice with coconut cream and bak vong campur, hope i am spelling the dish right. A must try appetizer is Martubak, it is deep fried stuff pork kind of dish; ridiculously good too and way cheaper than other restaurants.Authentic indonesian food! Try the cap cay special and kalasan chicken..satay and es teler..tahu telor..mie jawa..special fried rice..mmmmmmm delish!The first time I was introduced to Indonesian food was in Amsterdam and I was hooked.  Indonesian restaurants seemed very difficult to find so when I located Indonesia restaurant I couldn't wait to give it a try.  I have been twice and each time had rijsttafel.  It was a wonderful way to try a variety of dishes to try and there were several of them.  Everything was delicious!  The beef rendang which was so tender it fell apart was so good I got it take out the next day.  I honestly can't wait to go back.We ordered "menu one", which came with an assortment of deliciousness. We started with a salad with a peanut sauce, then a rustic chicken soup. The entree came designed to share, on a convenient lazy susan, might I add. There was chicken and pork sate, a terrific saucy beef, some vegetables, boiled eggs with tofu, and some pinkish tasty stuff. Then there were two desserts, a fried banana with syrup and a coconut milk soup with some fruits... not fabulous, but good and fun to try. 
Clearly Indonesian food was a first for me and I'm looking forward to my second and third times already!Indonesia is a gem of a find.  The neighborhood, though safe, is not exactly Rittenhouse Square.  On the upside, you can find parking pretty easily.  From the outside, the restaurant does not look near as good as it does once you walk in.  
There are real table cloths and flatware (unlike many other Indonesian cafeteria) style places in the vicinity,   I have always eaten downstairs (though the retro-leopard-print carpet on the steps has always intrigued me, but never enough to ascend .)
So you don't really come here for the atmosphere, but the food, which is unique, authentic, well-prepared and CHEAP.   I recently came with a party of four, and we left  (granted we DID bring out own wine/beer) well sated at $60 including tip.
While they do offer various levels of Rijtafel (a combo meant to be shared) you can do just as well ordering your own a la carte, and sharing most dishes.  Satays, noodle dishes, and curry / stew stuff like the excellent beef Rendang are excellent choices to pass around.  Various sauces (like peanut and ketjap manis) add variety to simple skewers like the satay (we love the pork which is char-grilled to crispiness.)
 Though the seafood potion of the menu offers many preparations of frog, most dining companions were a little skittish.  There are plenty of shrimp items to satisfy the non-red-meat eaters.
Apps are as cheap as two bucks (for the fired bananas) and the entrees tend to hover around the less than $10 mark as well.  My suggestion is to get LOTS of different items, and pass them around.  Somebody will pick SOMETHING as a favorite, and you can always put in an order for a second helping.  The staff is fast, accommodating and speak fine English. They are happy to make suggestions, and bring your food to the table hot.
I could easily make this a weekly habit (and actually afford it.)It was just ok. The decorations are kinda cool but there was music played on a loop that was annoying. The music was mostly pretty cool, but there was this one part with really annoying bell-sounds.
What really annoyed me was the waiter talked my gf out of getting something, saying it was too hot. We both thought the food we got was lacking in flavor. I understand that restaurants are wary of food being sent back for being too hot, but this still bugs me. Anyway, hopefully my warning can help others in a similar situation.
I preferred Hardena Saroeng, although this restaurant might be preferable if you want a relatively upscale (compared to Hardena) sit-down restaurant.A little out of the way if you don't live in that part of S Philly, but definitely worth it.  A really nice, small restaurant, pretty interior, friendly staff, and excellent food for little cost.  If you like Indonesian food, or are curious to try, there's a lot of great choices.So glad we got to come to Indonesia Restaurant! My friend and I had planned to go to Lil' Java, but it was closed when got there (even though we arrived way before its posted closing time). We ended up going to Indonesia Restaurant. The last time I was there was perhaps 15 years ago when they were still located in Chinatown.
My first foray to their 1725 Snyder location was such a pleasure. Beautiful decor and such a sweet and solicitous server. Beautiful enough to be a date place. (Other ethnic restaurants with delicious food don't have the requisite ambiance.) Best of all, the food was wonderful and so reasonably priced and with big portions! I had one of their fried rice dishes (with seafood) and the chicken satay. So tasty and fresh! 
For dessert, I had the Es Dawet/Cendol. Quite sweet and with a blend of textures from its various ingredients. But even more impressive was the Es Teler that my friend had. I look forward to going to Indonesia Restaurant again to have, among others, the Es Teler. (I would have gotten the Es Teler, which the server highly recommended, if not for having had a subpar Es Teler at another Indonesian place the previous week.)
BTW, there is ample street parking in front of and near this restaurant.Came here when we heard Sky Cafe was closed today for the holidays and decided to give it a try. Service was good, friendly staff, & the place has nice decor. The boyfriend ordered chicken saté and I had the fried chicken with urap. The sate was delicious! However, I could tell my chicken was not fresh. It was a bit sticky and slimy. My parents have used this type of chicken many times in the past so I could recognize it was a little old. 
For dessert we shared Es teler. Delish.Cute little semi-divey, super homey and authentic Indonesian spot on a side street in South Philly.  We tried a little bit of everything...some satay, fried whole fish, fried rice, fried tempeh, and grilled chicken.  The chili sauce accompanying everything was super hot, and worked perfectly with the grilled/fried meats.  The tempeh was soft yet crispy on the outside, kind of like a vegetarian chicken mcnugget.  
The atmosphere wasn't phenomenal but the food was very tasty.  If you like Indonesian food, stop here or Sky Cafe for a very comfortable meal.I have been a customer for a while and everything always great until one day I found maggot on my cucumber when I was ordering the fish dish and that is it. Never come back ever since. I just wish they inspect the food first before they give it to customers.
The food was always good but just be careful.The #1 place for Indonesian food in the tri-state area. They cook authentic Indonesian food, offer very friendly service and almost all their dishes are affordably priced. We've tried and recommend the combination satay, tahu telor (deep fried tofu with peanut sauce), ikan goreng (deep fried fish), ayam bakar (grilled chicken) and bakmi jawa (Javanese fried noodle). No meal is complete without the traditional Indonesian 'ABC' sauce (sweet soy sauce) and don't forget to try some of their desserts and drinks.I just ate there this past weekend with my cousin.  I have to say it was the closest thing to being in indonesia.  I'm not from philly but i'm jealous of the people who get to eat it whenever they feel.  All i can say is that the food is authentic, everything was the way it should be.This is one of the place that I go often. Overall, the foods are great! Well, almost everything here tasted good. The waiters are friendly and the place are comfortable enough to make me come back.
They have deliveries and the costs are not expensive. It has many variety of food that would suit the western taste well. The appetizers certainly can be improved. This place is a definite recommendations to everyone.I went here for the first time a few weeks ago with my parents. It was our first time trying Indonesian food. We allowed our waiter to suggest dishes for us to try and we all really enjoyed the food.   The restaurant was clean and looked nice. My favorite dish was the seafood fried rice. The food was so good that we ordered some to go. The staff was really nice and helpful, we noticed they were watching us as we were trying all the dishes to see our reactions lol.  I decided to get a dessert to go, i think the girl that took my order didnt understand english that well because they gave me the wrong dessert. it wasnt a big deal because it was still good minus the mung beans. I will be back with my family soon and I think everybody should try the food here!Bad test for me. In my opinion, that's one in washington dc is better than this restauranton business again in the Philly area and I love this place. 
Gado Gado is A+, dawet A+, Oxtail soup was very good. the broth was really good, Pisang goreng A+ and the chicken satay A. the peanut sauce was "ok". I mixed some hot sauce and ketjap in the peanut sauce. that made it perfect.We loved the Ayam panggang kecap and Nadia campur that we ordered. The chicken sauce is a little on the sweet side which is new for us but still tasty.From Asian perspective the taste is not authentic /tasty enough ,maybe because it is adjusted for American taste.
Not loving the quantity either. I am going back to waroeng hardenaTotally serviceable place. Nice staff, good food, good prices. I'm not exactly sure why I don't rate this 5 stars. Maybe because we were the only people in there on Saturday night - but that isn't a good reason, is it? I wanted to get the Rijstaffel but found out that you had to order in advance... I guess that's why the star comes off. Not bad at all. Cool neighborhood, I want to explore around here a lot more. 
I'd definitely come back here, especially with more people to try more stuff.You would think the best fried rice is in a Chinese restaurant, right? Wrong! It's here. Try their special fried rice! I usually make sure we have two orders of their delicious fried rice so nobody will fight all over it. 
Other items on the menu that you should try: barbecued chicken, satays, and noodles with chicken.   
This place is also really cheap. $3 for an appetizer. You can't beat that. If you don't understand the menu because almost all the names of the dishes are in Indonesian. Don't worry. Just ask the servers there to help you.Food was decent. Horrible service by the old man/waiter. My friend placed and prepaid for my to go order through Grubhub and asked me to pick it up at around 7 PM. She must have put in the wrong number. When I came to pick it up, I was confronted by the old man instead of being greeted. He kept saying that I gave him the wrong number. What's the big deal even if the wrong number was given? We've already prepaid for the food and was only late for 10 minutes because we had trouble finding a parking space. Rude and not professional! No smile, no greeting, just a hostile treatment. All he did was stare at me when I entered the place. D'jakarta Cafe a block away is way better and cheaper.Drove all the way from New York to try the food on recommendation by Indonesian friends. I'm not sure what exactly I got, but it was a lamb soup with curry (more liquidy, less curry). The next day I was craving the same soup, it was that good, and then was upset that I had to travel 4 hours to have it again. I'll have to find a local restaurant that makes it...hmm. My friend got the beef satay and pork satay and said they were good enough to come back again (this is coming from a true Indonesian). He also got fried rice while his other friend got a lo mein dish. Both said they were great, but since his friend is Chinese and lived in Chinatown, he wished he had gotten something else since he can get lo mein any time of the day.
Note to my Muslim friends, the restaurant serves pork so ask before you order. Most Indonesian restaurants are halal but this is one of the few non Muslim-owned Indo restaurants.I am really, incredibly sad right now. Sad like, ruined a favourite dress sad. It's because I just finished the leftover half of the lamb soup I ordered from this place last night and I really, really wish it wasn't over. If this place wasn't easily accessible, I'd be like, death of a pet sad right now. I'm not kidding. And I love my pets a LOT.
OK, so I think you're getting that this place makes some really delicious soup. The Gulai Kambing is a steaming hot quart of spicy, deep curry broth with the oomph of lamb stock and approximately 526 aromatics, and hidden within are fall-apart tender chunks of on-the-bone lamb. It's not a soup to be shy with. Get in there. Get messy if you have to. Do not waste that tender meat. My delivery order came with two little condiment containers and a lime wedge- sweet black soy sauce and spicy pepper paste. i added a little of each, having never ordered this type of food or ever from this restaurant, and I couldn't have been more delighted. Spicy, savory, sweet, hearty, it's a winter soup for the ages.
To round out my Grubhub order, which carried a minimum of $15 and a hefty $4 delivery fee, I added some meat and potato croquettes called Perkedel and an order of saucy red peppery BBQ chicken called Ayam Bambu Rijak. The croquettes are very starchy and big, one would be very filling, and you receive 4 to an order so they are a great value. They need some kind of sauce, and the condiment served with was very pasty and heavy on the dried shrimp, a bit overpowering for my beginner taste buds. They also arrived a bit damp, owing to their takeout journey, but the leftovers warmed up in a hot oven were rockin and crispy on the outside. Very subtle seasoning, I liked them but they are super heavy.
The chicken dish was also fantastic. Also, for like $7 they send you a lovely large container of sticky rice to accompany a separate lovely large container of chicken and the fixins to make lettuce wraps. It's so much food, and the chicken was delicious. The sauce has a lot of red pepper (not the spicy kind, the bell pepper kind), it's spiced but not spicy, very flavourful and the chicken breast chunks are grilled before being submerged in the sauce, adding flavour while keeping everything moist.
This feast served as two full, ample meals plus some and only ran $18.25 before tax and delivery. I'd pay that much just for that soup because it was so damn good. Delivery only took 35 minutes on Superbowl Sunday. Next time I may go pick it up, since it isn't too far from me, and save myself the delivery fee and tip. There will be a next time. Oh yes, many next times...Indonesia Restaurant has a small but attractive dining room with rich wood colonial panel walls. There is also another dining room upstairs. There are several colorful Indonesian paintings on the wall and a pleasant background of Indonesian Gamelan music. The staff was very friendly and attentive.
We had the Beef Rendang, Chicken in Coconut Curry, Satay, A Grilled Fish, A Noodle dish and vegetable dish. The Beef Rendang was very tender, for our table it could have been a little spicier. I do think they tame some of the spices down for the American pallet. The Satay was very good, especially after mixing some chili in the peanut sauce. The grilled fish was also excellent. For desert we had their shaved ice dessert and a really good ice coffee.
The Indonesia Restaurant is reasonable also. For our group of five we came in at $65.00 and we probably ordered 2 too many dishes. It is BYOB.
As typical in south Philly, parking can be a chore. I got lucky and was able to get a space across the street. At least Snyder Ave is wide compared to some of the crazy narrow streets in the area. 
Of the three Indonesian restaurants we visited recently, Indonesia is the most pleasant on the inside. We will definitely be back.well, the reason why I rated the way I did, because everytime I went to Philadelphia, I always stopped at this restaurant and brought some back to DC. so I must say, it's as good as it gets, considering the Indo restaurant in DC area, I didnt feel satisfied with the selection in their menu. N also the fact when I went in to this restaurant, there were lots of Indonesians who ate there....what more proof do u need? to know how authentic this restaurant is?! :) oh, I always order bihun goreng and nasi goreng (fried thin noodles and rice) special to go.overall, food in here are good. we used to go here if we're craving for spicy indonesian food. unfortunately today i got disappointed with them. i wanna place an order for pickup cz i saw on their page if they're close at 8.30pm. i was called them around 7.30pm and the guy who's picked up the phone said if they're closed. i mean, if you guys close at 7.30pm please just edit your open hours on your yelp page so people aren't confused with your restaurant hours. now i'm thinking twice again to ordering food from here.