I was in town to visit a friend in Philadelphia, and we headed to InFusion on Saturday morning to get a coffee. Once again, I should have read the Yelp reviews. They would have directed us somewhere else.
The coffee was OK. The breakfast sandwiches, however, were subpar at best. My friend ordered a breakfast wrap with bacon, eggs, spinach, etc. She received a wrap with eggs and sausage. I ordered the veggie wrap. It was clearly not seasoned at all. The eggs were bland, and the veggies were sparse. Not good experiences.
The service was also pretty lousy. We ordered our food 'for here.' We got our coffee, sat down, started to read the papers; and the server still brought us our sandwiches in to-go bags. We eventually asked for plates, and she seemed genuinely surprised that we were planning to stay. How many people go to a coffee shop, order food, sit down with newspapers, and then plan to get the food to go?
As with other locally owned coffee shops, I really want to support this place. They make it really hard. The service is spotty. Their food selection is thin. The seat on my chair actually wasn't connected to the base.
The one redeeming factor was the music choice.Some of the staff is very rude, which sucks because the place itself has an awesome atmosphere to work in or talk with a friend over coffee. There are tables and tons of comfy couches and chairs. 
But, all this is negated by crappy staff (or at least one crappy staff person who is often there). One time, I asked to borrow a pen from one staff person, who happily gave it to me. When I went to return it later to another guy (the one in his late 30s or early 40s with curly hair and hipster glasses), instead of simply saying "thanks," he questions me, saying "Did you ASK to borrow it?" I thought, at first, that he was joking. His reprimanding look told me he was not. I laughed and said, "Of course." 
Really? It's a damn pen. Questioning your customers over a damn pen is not the way to keep people coming back.This coffee shop is in my neighborhood and I was really hoping for more.  The atmosphere has potential even though I wouldn't sit on the couch in the back of the shop.  That looks more suited for the garbage than to be in an establishment for customers.   Some of the chairs at the tables are too low, which makes it uncomfortable to use a laptop.  The sandwich that I had was disgusting!   The bread was hard as a rock, an absolute waste of money... and it was pricey.  The people that work there have no idea what it means to provide customer service.  I've dealt with (3) women all of which acted as though they didn't care if I came or went. ... I have to say the worst of the women was one of the owners.  She's rude and she makes up prices.  The other owner is a little more civil but not by much.  I've gone to this place 3 times, only because I needed the caffeine before heading to work.  I wouldn't recommend it but if you have to go... stick with coffee/tea and stay away from the sandwiches.Infusion is a great local coffee and tea shop. I normally have Moroccan Peppermint tea and I'm happy. Wish they had better sandwichesI dont know what others are talking about but I was greeted by the owner, Jordan.  We struck up a conversation about espresso and he was very helpful and friendly.  I had a nice grilled sandwich recommended by Jordan and he provided me with a free espresso to try a Gimme coffee blend.  The Moroccon tea that he recommended was also excellent.  I bought some beans and went away a happy camper.  I will definitely come back.  They could not have been friendlier.  Yeah the chairs suck and its a bit tight but I love the neighborhood which has a cool ambience.   By the way, the espresso was first rate - so he knows how to make a good cup of coffee.This place is DISGUSTING!! The furniture is old and dusty. It looks like a bed bug infestation waiting to happen. As I sat drinking my mint tea, I noticed flies all over the place. I can't believe any business owner would operate in this manner. I'm still itching. 
The young man who served me was really nice but I won't return to this place. I'll just hang out at the Juice Bar from now on.I've stopped in a few times.  It's okay.  The smoothies are good.  The atmosphere is warm and the workers are very pleasant.  I don't know when that photograph of the outside area was taken though, because it surely wasn't taken recently.  The back area looks pretty beat up right now.  I feel like it has so much potential back there but it just looked blech.  Anyway, I know I'll return because honestly I do like the atmosphere inside.  I love how it's decorated and the couches are comfy. You can also tell that there's a lot of regulars, which is a good sign. I'll probably stop in for an open mic night just to check it out.This place seems to be more of a favorite with my husband than with me.  The atmosphere was very relaxed. The waitstaff was friendly.  The set up wasnt very condusive to using a laptop, but maybe that's just me.  I'd go again to try more on the menu.  I wasnt a fan of the hot chocolate, but I liked the grilled cheese!This place used to be so great but since the change in ownership it has slid downhill-no brakes.  The coffee is still pretty good which is the ONLY reason it gets two and not 1 star (if not as good as at Volo and High Point) and the food so-so (the pastries NEVER look fresh) but the real problem, as so many others have commented, is the service.  The servers are slow, rude and completely uninterested in the customers. Forget swinging by to get a coffee on your way to the office.  No matter what the time or how long the line, you are in for a wait.  While at the High Point they manage to keep the line moving (by taking orders as they are waiting for the coffee to come out of the machine, or milk to steam), the Infusion baristas (and I use the term loosely) have no interest in doing more than one thing at a time.  And the woman who took my order the other day couldn't even do that. (she missed the "iced" part of my coffee order.)  Unlike when Jason and Jocie ran the place, I have yet to see the new owners working and talking to people.  Plus, it is desperately in need of a fresh coat of paint and some cleaning.  Yes, it looks dirty.Pales in comparison to Chestnut Hill coffee in terms of lattes, etc. However, they do serve and sell Green Street coffee which is amazing and fair trade. I buy my coffee from there. If I had to spend the day studying, this is a good option since there is a wireless charger station for any type of phone and such as well as comfy couches and nearby bars and restaurants for a bite. I wouldn't eat here, however. Muffins, bagels, meh. It's not cheap either. I got an almond milk latte and it was 4 bucks.I'm here with kids. The coffee is good; I like sweet, mild and black. I give it 4 stars because shoppes so accommodating to children are rare.  Excluding this criteria, it deserves closer to three. They can improve their order execution and customer relations.Infusion is usually bustling with a cross-section of Mt. Airy's diversity; on any given afternoon you'll find the cafe filled with a racially-integrated mix of the hippies and down-to-earth working professionals and graduate students of Mt. Airy.
So, the location is a great meeting point. However, in recent years it has, honestly, gone downhill. Some of their food options are tasty enough; fancier/complicated coffee drinks are inconsistent. But the biggest issue is that it seems the management doesn't really care anymore. The servers are pleasant enough, but things are inefficient and very slow, especially when compared to service in other local places. As people have said, the couches are old and stained. Yes, Mt. Airy is a non-pretentious place and Infusion has never been "fancy"; however, couches in coffee shops should never have stains. Also, they frequently run out of food items and do not replace them in a timely manner. I also don't understand why they refuse to put prices on the menu.
I really hope that either current management steps things up, or that there's new management because this location has always been a great community spot for mt. airy!My favorite coffeeshop in Philadelphia! They offer free wifi with plenty of outlets, and I love their raspberry hot chocolate here. Unlike most coffeeshops in Philly, parking around here is pretty accessible.It's not that often I venture outside my neighborhood and set up shop at a cafe, but I happened to be in this part of the city. Aside from Starbucks, InFusion seems to be the only option.
Other users complained about the coffee but I thought it was a-okay. Overall the prices are on food are outrageous, but the baristas were friendly (albeit a little unprofessional: chatting loudly, on the phone, sitting down etc.), and a $1 refill is fine by me. Older crowd. Mediocre artwork. There's a comfy couch, if you can grab it.Infusion is great. They cold brew their iced coffee, which allows you to taste a whole new range of flavors. With a little bit of cream, its almost as satisfying as eating a scoop of coffee ice cream. The last time I checked they used Merrymead Farm milk and cream, which is what they sell at the Weavers Way Co-op, and is a very good, quality milk.
I have been going around 745 in the morning recently and I can be in and out in about 3 minutes. There is a wide variety of healthy good options, including lots of vegan baked goods. I highly recommend the breakfast pizza for a meal on the go, and my favorite thing to order is a bagel with the smoked salmon cream cheese and a slice of tomato.
I could go on and on, but the bottom line is that Infusion uses quality ingredients and that is why they are a little bit more expensive. If you want to spend less go to the Wawa down the street. I'm happy to spend a little bit more for quality. Dont miss the patio in the back during the spring, summer and fall. It is private and quite adorable. Also, free wi-fi!The management changed a couple of years ago, and it's just not what it used to be. The coffee options and quality are greatly reduced (and not particularly good - Philly roaster Green Street is... average, at best) and, while it still looks good, the food remains pricy. I used to go all the time, but the coffee and sandwich that I loved are no longer served there, so I don't really make it in anymore.The coffee is fine, the tea is fine, the snacks are fine. That said, what keeps this place from being great is the staff and the place itself- it's just not that clean. You are to bus your own table- fine. Then take away the dirty plates and mugs and wash them. I don't like to see piles of dirty of plates- that's really unappealing. The floor is dirty, the tables can be dirty. We once ordered a readymade salad, took two bites and realized it was moldy. The staff offered us our money back and a free coffee. Thanks, but um, my stomach hurts too much right now to drink coffee. And honestly, the staff can be a bit, funky? Out there? Lacking in the ability to say thank you or please come again? It feels as if your request for food or drink is interrupting something more important than giving them your hard earned taxed to the max dollars. Bummer....I think this coffee shop is great!  Much of the food is vegan and the coffee made very well. It sometimes takes a little long to get a drink, but I would rather take good great coffee over fast service!I ordered an Italian soda. The server handed me my drink and informed me that their ice machine was broken, so there was no ice. To be fair, she offered to make me something else, but the drink was coldish so I drank it anyway.
The furniture looks and smells like a bed-bug infestation in the offing. There is a line, folks, between "shabby chic" and "nasty, gross, and too cheap to buy decent things".
And as others have noted, the food is insanely overpriced!
I used to come here a lot when I lived in the neighborhood. It was so cute and lively then that I even recommended it to friends as an event space, and they were really pleased with it and had a great time here!
But that was then, this is now, and this place has slid pretty far downhill in the last eight years.
(Edit: Today I decided to follow up my hunch that this place must have new ownership for it to be so dismal compared with its early years. Indeed, it appears to have gone on the market in 2010, lending further credence to my theory that it has new owners. I don't know for sure if/when it sold, though. http://www.philly.com/philly/blogs/the-insider/Mount_Airys_InFusion_on_the_market.html)This place is a bummer. 
I couldn't finish my sandwich because I was grossed out by all the flies and the dirty floors and furniture. The service was unfriendly, especially the young woman who appeared to be a shift manager or something. I mean, I'm sure she works hard, but customer service is a pretty important job function. My sandwich was pretty gross, too. 
I'm really hoping that the owner reads these reviews because there's a pretty clear response on here that this place is kind of terrible.It's a quaint little spot in the neighborhood, the Baristas are all pretty good , Sarah however is by far the best :-) Love the new fresh baked muffins and the variety of teas. The place used to be much tidier though and sometimes you don't get what you ordered, it can get frustrating ,but all in all it's  pretty good.I am writing to complain that not having prices on expensive baked goods is not acceptable! I assume they withhold them because they are too lazy to put them out or they want to rope you in to buying over-priced stuff!
For me the quality of the food and beverage was okay- I see in other reviews it is inconsistent.
The place itself is cute. The staff on duty our day were a bit huffy about having to look up the prices of the display case food- she didn't even have a price list handy! It was all a big hassle as indicated by her expression. 
They did honor coupons from RecycleBank and that earned them the extra star from me. 
In summary- don't change the prices - just make them transparent!I love the coffee and variety of products offered here at Infusion and they sure do know their coffee. For me I prefer this as a takeout coffee place rather than a sit-down and chill place. The environment is ok, but it's not too cozy to me and the noise/crowd factor doesn't bode well for me.This is the only cafe in Mount Airy which has coffee, food, wi-fi access (High Point Cafe on Carpenter Lane somehow does not have wi-fi access even though this is 2012?!?), and outlets to charge your computer (again, High Point Cafe, this time the one on Cresheim, has wi-fi but does not allow you to charge your computer). Its a little sad that my standards for a cafe in Mount Airy are so low, but when you want to drink coffee, have a snack, and work on your computer, apparently this is the only place you can do it!I spent $19 on a breakfast burrito and a panini + 2 drinks from the case. I asked for a  panini with hummus and listed some vegetables that they offer as well. I came home, took a bite, and there was bacon in there as the main ingredient (very little vegetables at all) I'm vegan, so this was VERY disappointing and a mistake that shouldn't have been made...not sure how they got bacon from a list of vegetables.  For the price I paid,I expected wayy better. My boyfriend's burrito was soggy and he said the salsa tasted like it might have gone bad.I went there today for a late lunch.  There was no air conditioning so it felt pretty much like a sauna.  I got a sandwich 'to go'.  Later (in my air conditioned home), 3 bites into the sandwich I got a mouthful of mold.  This place doesn't even deserve 1 star.My SG stoped in yesterday and was actually kind of angry by the time he left. He had coffee and a cookie- $6.00. But, he said, the killer to him is the service. If the service was pleasant and helpful, anyone can make excuses for the $6.00 bill. This place ain't it. The service is unsmiling, unpleasant and just plain rude.
There are plenty of pleasant places to be ripped off for coffee and cookies.Staff is indifferent on a good day, rude most of the time.   Sorry I wanted a cup of coffee, maybe ill just quit my caffeine habit all together.  At least the place used to be clean - not so much any more.   So if you like your Jo in a dirty place served with a crappy attitude, infusion is your best bet!  If not, there are other options in Mt. Airythough i have experienced better, i appreciate infusion's presence in an ever diversifying cluster of businesses on that strip of germantown avenue. though hair salons, antique stores, and fried chicken storefronts have their uses, the neighborhood should have more than just wawa coffee to enjoy. 
the spacing of coffee, its accouterments, and the front door can leave something to be desired when it's busy. the staff, as well, can be hit or miss. some staff completely ignore one customer in order to have a prolonged conversation with someone else, while others manage to socialize while still maintaining a level of efficiency. the 'back room' with the brick walls could be better lit and insulated from the elements to make it more inhabitable. 
i'm curious to try their recovery shakes after a work-out across the street. i know i'll keep coming here. i just hope they step up their game a bit for everyone's sake.I ordered a cappucino it was ok I'm more disappointed in the furniture it looks like someone was about to throw it out and gave it them there r so many holes in them the WiFi take forever to login
ignore the business photos doesn't look like that inside its a dump my first and last timeI'm a big fan of Infusion being under new ownership as of April 1st.  The possibilities for the place are great but it has been clear that the original owners were on their way out.
I live in the neighborhood and go there to study and hang out.  Great coffee but the atmosphere is really lacking.
The first problem you encounter is that the baristas are not interested in good service.  They often forget to call out drinks that are ready and they sit on the counter getting cold--you should get delicious drinks into hands while they are hot.  They also serve up subpar food on plastic plates for a hefty price (not listed on the menu).-yuck
Next you go to sit down and realize that most of the seating is old and dirty like they found it from the "Free" section of craigslist.  
You think that the place will be hip and comfortable but really it's kind of used up and sticky.  
A lot can be done to transform this place and the new owners apparently have experience running a show like this before, so I think we are in good hands.
I have 3 requests for the new Infusion-
1. great service
2. comfortable, clean atmosphere
3. better food with prices listedDelicious iced jasmine tea. Place was a lifesaver.  Had a last minute client call that diverted me from gym.  Needed a quiet, wifi place and tis fit the bill.  Would have liked to try the protein shakes- next visit!Been there a few times for open mics, always felt cozy and the food was better than expected.I enjoy my time in this quiet, quaint coffee shop in Mr. Airy. It is warm in the winter, at least (drafty bathroom, but whatever). $5 got me a strong cup of tea and a decent (and chewy) bagel. Not the most amazing shop in the world, but more than passable if you ask me. Great vibe.I absolutely love this place as a cozy, neighborhood coffee shop. Despite what other folks have said here, I've found their staff to be super-friendly and they really know how to make a good cap--they know the difference between an American-style and a dry one and are the first place I've been in ages that's even asked how I prefer them. I like that they have a self-serve, honor-system station for coffee when you're on the run and don't have time to wait in line. They have a nice selection of pastries, sandwiches and such that are focused on healthy, veg and local items. I'd give them the fifth star if they were all fresh-made, but it is nice that they'll heat the sandwiches up for you and I've like what I've had. If I could combine their coffee and atmosphere with Night Kitchen's baked goods, I'd be in utter heaven (and probably weigh a million pounds). :)Stopped by as I pass this place every day and have to say while it's cute inside- the two women working offered no hello or even said here's your tea but rather stood there  with it over the counter until I noticed. I'm from the city there are at least 20 other cafés in my neighborhood Id rather give my money to.Rating 1.5
Came here on a Sunday morning for a chat and chew with a few girlfriends. The decor is okay, nothing special really, but I like the general location of this establishment. 
Unfortunately for me the woman that made my order without gloves or anything covering her head I might add and managed to get a long curly dark brown HAIR in my breakfast sandwich. 
I was mortified but did not make a scene as I did not want to disturb the other patrons or embarrass her. She made me another sandwich but a refund would have been nice since I now had to wait for this sandwich to be made. I doubt i'll go back..If i would have reviewed Infusion a year and a half ago, I would have given it 5 stars. Now, it gets two. Service and quality have been going steadily downhill for a while now.  The sandwiches used to be fresh and yummy, now they are hard and hastily thrown together, barely warm from the panini press with the ingredients looking prettty sad. All for $8. Are you kidding me? Not very clean, could use a good wiping down. Another big problem is consistency.  Sometimes your latte is perfect, other times it is coffee with milk you could have made yourself. Once, they really did make me pour my own coffee into my Cafe au Lait. For $4.50. Seriously??? The staff is never rude, but seem to just care less about helping you. If they are talking to eachother, you will have to wait until they are finished their conversation before they will help you. The cookies are freaking amazing though, I will say that though. Cowboy cookie YUM! All in all, I WANT to love Infusion again. It just needs some serious help to bring it back to where it was.There's no excuse for this place!
I heard Infusion used to be cool.
What the hell happened?... 
Dead flies.
Ugly floors
Junky furniture
Apathetic Staff
Disorganized counter
Irrational after-thoughts
Did I mention the DEAD FLIES. (Was this place built on top of John Wayne Gacy's crawl-space, or something?)
Mind you, I can see what they were originally going for (funky, colorful, eclectic). I can dig it. But, at some point, something went wrong....horribly wrong. Now it just seems random and post-apocalyptic, like something out of "Omega Man". 
To be fair, Infusion's mint-green iced tea was good... and 'some' of the furniture was cool. Who knows, maybe I'm being too hard on the joint...it did have a colorful, decrepit charm. Right?... Right?
Regardless, PLEASE, can someone take over Infusion, and realize its full potential?!
It's time to grow up, Mount Airy!Great location. Fantastic break from the monotony of the commercial chains. Nice variety of food and drinks, Lovely staff that smiled through the pain and awkwardness of my indecision. Will definitely come back!!!!!I've been stopping by Infusion ever since they opened, and it's a perfect example of what a neighborhood coffee shop should be. The service is good, there's free wireless access and they support local artists. The coffee is great but a little pricy; but I love that they have a frequent buyer card that rewards their regular customers. Because it's such a great neighborhood hangout it can get a bit loud and crowded at times, but overall it's a good addition to the neighborhood.Nice little place. Free wifi is good. Coffee is kinda meh.When this place first opened, it was a nice place.  Good coffees and some nice baked goods.  It progressively looks less kept and appealing.  It now has a dingy feel.  However my biggest complaint is the extremely unprofessional staff.  I went there on a Saturday about a month ago.  Ordered tea and wanted to relax by the front window.  Two of the male staff members were discussing their love life using inappropriate language.  It was near closing time, but there were still a number of patrons there, including older people.  It only got worse when one of their female coworkers dropped in apparently to hang out.  She sat at a table across from the front counter and joined in the conversation with her two male coworkers and her input included dropping f' bombs from across the room.  I hope this is a case where the owner is unaware of his/her staff's behavior, otherwise, the owner clearly does not respect his/her patrons. 
That picture below where the cafe looks bright and inviting must be old, because the place definitely doesn't look like that anymore.What happened here?
Hadn't been to InFusion for a few years, but the stars now seem way out of alignment for this once cool, engaging hang out.
$8.50 for a "Sammy special" !? (basically just a BLT with a bit of melon on the side)
Are they kidding?
I dunno.  It's just ok now.
What was once cool retro  furniture has become seedy and worn
Place seemed shabby and, well, less than clean.
Won't be going back 'cept in extreme coffee emergency.I hate to do this but I must!  I love the atmosphere, even though I wouldn't sit on the sofa (a little too worn).  One of the girls that works behind the counter has NO personality (the chubby one).  The guy  is friendly and very accommodating.   The sandwich that I had was gross... not worth the calories (I threw it out).   I hope that they stay in the neighborhood but they need to do a little better.AWFUL, DIRTY, BAD QUALITY  
This used to be a really cute, clean neighborhood place that was a great place to go to.  The quality started slipping so I hadn't been there in over a year or so.  Was in the neighborhood today, and stopped in b/c I was early for a nearby appt and needed to waste some time.  
It is so much worse than ever.  It was dim, dirty, and the $3 for a large iced tea was a crazy expensive price for the same plastic cup of iced tea I received.  
I can't say enough about how dirty the place was.  Everything was sticky and dirty. The pre-packaged pastries/cookies on the counter appeared old and inedible.  
The walls had streaks of dirt on them, and the floor was beyond sticky.  
I wouldn't dare sit on any of the sofas or soft chairs because of the dirt and for fear of bugs!  
It's a shame.  It's a great location that deserves a nice coffee shop.  
BTW, the pics on here are from years ago.  It's no longer that bright, or clean, and the bottom of the pastry counter is now covered up with black poster board.  To hide the old food, maybe?  UGH!!  AWFUL!!Love the coffee and bacon breakfast pizza!  One the pricey side but that is why I like to treat myself every now and than to the food and coffee here.  Had one bad experience the first time I visited when I ordered a breakfast wrap that was sold out.  I was told they could make me one fresh, which I said wouldn't be necessary, only to be told, once it was finished, by someone else that they do not normally do this and don't expect it to happen again.  I left a little confused and maybe put off I do not remember.  Since than It has been nothing but good service.  Keep it up!Seriously. What is the problem?  
Is it a problem to come to your coffee shop to spend my money?  Wake up! Why would you treat customers like they annoy you for walking in the door to spend money?  
Heads up everyone out there.  Skip the attitude and opt for another option in the area unless you want to sit in a dirty coffee shop and experience surprisingly underwhelming service.  Sadly this is a consistent problem at InFusion.
AND it's not like the coffee is something to write home about.I'm here to review the bubble tea. As I've said in previous reviews, it may seem trivial to YOU, but I'm addicted enough to go to great lengths to pursue bubble tea AND to avoid having to drive into Center City because of the parking fees and the nasty driving conditions. This one was near my place, and had gotten good-ish reviews.
Not sure why the previous reviews said the service was rude. Perhaps I got there on a good day (it was Wednesday evening). Everyone was very nice, and the service was fairly quick. Coffee-shop ambience was typical, nothing special, though the free wi-fi and little bookshelf/book swap corner made me give the extra star. I asked for bubble tea. They have very limited flavors, none typical of a bubble tea place, except perhaps almond. I got a vanilla green tea.
The tea itself contributed to the extra star--it was delicious, warm, tasted perfect. The bubbles, however, ruined it. I was extremely disappointed at having paid so much (close to $5) for such a lousy bubble tea. The tapioca had obviously been stored for ages, and was hard as ... I don't know, something really hard and chewy, like some sort of baby's rubber toy. I hated it so much that I felt nauseated after determinedly (and stupidly) finishing my drink to get my money's worth. I might go there again to get some tea, since the tea itself was delicious, but previous reviewers seem to note that the quality is really hit or miss.I feel almost bad giving InFusion a negative review, especially since I'm using their rather generous free WiFi to post it. 
But while the Mt. Airy coffeeshop definitely has its perks - a comfy indoor atmosphere, a spacious open-air porch, decent coffee, a consistently-interesting book exchange shelf, the aforementioned WiFi - their drawbacks must be acknowledged.
One of the first things you'll notice entering the shop is that the chalkboard menu - sandwiches, bagels, etc. - does not list prices. Neither are the items in the display fridge priced. I have learned to distrust places that don't tell you how much they're charging you until they ring you up, because it inevitably means you're going to get gouged. And so it goes - at a recent visit, I bought InFusion's "Rocky Balboa" portabella mushroom sandwich and a large coffee, and spent about $12 including tax / tip. 
Now, to be fair, that was a damn good sandwich, taste wise. But given that it's a paltry size (two slices of bread that probably measure three-and-a-half inches square), and given that it's only served with a quarter-cup thimble of maybe six grapes, it's hard not to feel like you've been had.
See also the prepackaged food. The modest, unfilling burrittos, the containers of cold sesame noodles which, by all reason and logic should not be more than $3, approach $6.
It should be noted that InFusion does have a mission statement of supporting eco-hippie buzz word-ish food vendors that are "fair trade," "artisinal," "locally-grown," etc. And supporting local agriculture is certainly a noble cause, but there has to be a way to do it without overcharging your customers at every turn.
Which is what this place comes down to: *decent, but over-priced*.
Many people surrounding me don't seem to mind this - patrons from the more well-heeled portions of Mt. Airy can eat here with nary a dent being put in their wallet, I'm sure. But the owners should recognize that the neighborhood has a broad range of residents, and that those of us without six-figure salaries might also like a place to eat / read / surf / relax without being gouged.
Mt. Airy deserves better. I recommend the owners use Lansdowne's Regency Cafe as a model - a menu that's sustainable and locally-focused, but also filling and friendly on the wallet.one of the better coffee joints in this section of Mt. Airy.
i came here for years when i lived up in East Oak Lane, and now that i just work up the street, i've been coming here more often. it has a lot going for it.
first of all, great space. it reminds me of all those old, shabby, cluttered coffee shops (before everything got all corporatized and filled with laptop monkeys) with board games and books to read. 
the coffee is good. i am a coffee maniac, and their iced coffee (my poison of choice in the warmer months) is not watered down, with excellent flavor. they also have a good selection of pastries (stay away from the gluten free cupcakes, however, dry and tasteless), and some breakfast sandwiches. this morning i had the turkey bacon, egg and cheese, and although it completely fell apart on me as i was eating it, it was delicious. things are a bit overpriced, though, especially for the neighborhood: my coffee, danish and breakfast sandwich were almost $13 (???). keep in mind this is solidly Mt. Airy, not Chestnut Hill.
the staff is decent but how you're treated really depends on who is behind the counter and what particular mood they're in.Since I wrote the original review, InFusion has changed hands.  I initially gave it two stars for crappy service (see below) but the last few times, it's been just fine.  High Point is still my neighborhood coffee shop of choice but if I;m on G.town Avenue, InFusion is now an option and it didnt use to be.
I can only assume that the experience you have at InFusion depends on either the mood of the baristas or if they know you. Once,  I paid for a cup of tea (not chai, just a plain tea bag in hot water)  waited for literally 10 minutes and left without being served.  I'm sure about the time because I had an appointment across the street-- I thought 15 minutes was enough time to get a cup of tea but it turned out that it wasn't.  There was no one else waiting,  the barista was just more interested in other things.  (Talking on the phone to a friend, wiping down counters, re-arranging cookies.)  Sometimes the service is ok.  I've never had a great experience there.    I do know people who like it, though, and it's very kid-friendly.I'm only giving it two stars. I have to agree with some here, it is very loud, they really need to WIPE down the tables please, sticky tables are not cool. I use to really like it when it first opened up. I go there once a week caus I live in the neighborhood and support it that way.  The staff can be friendly.  One thing I really hate is when customers bring their kids in and read aloud over others talking and the music playing. It's a business not your own home, big turn off.This place is all about the ambiance and the community vibe you get. The coffee drinks are excellent, whether they be hot or iced. The tea selection is outstanding. You can earn discounts with their reusable mugs and the Infusion card, where you earn free drinks. 
A great feature is the Honest Cup. If you just want a cup of coffee as opposed to a latte or something else fancy, you can help yourself and put money in a little box. I've used this system many times, and I've seen it delight people over and over. Who wouldn't be happy to learn they can circumvent the line in which they are standing? 
I haven't eaten much of the food, but it's okay. It does feel like an afterthought to the coffee - as in most coffee bar kinds of places. It's decent, but it's probably a fair criticism that its overpriced for what it is. But you're paying for ambiance and the right to linger for hours and talk or make use of the free wi-fi.
This is the kind of place where people sit for hours with their laptops, community groups meet to organize and they hold poetry readings. Local art is on the wall, and it's got a very welcoming vibe  - I would assume that is true for everyone as long as you aren't wearing a Palin for President button. It's very kid friendly as well. 
If I have one real complaint, it's that they are sometimes out of things I like. Vanilla syrup and/or Soy Milk. Really, this is a place that should well-stock the soy milk. But it's a small business - and it's not going to be as organized and efficient as Starbucks. You're going to be either down with that or you aren't. 
Bottom line, it's an important part of the Mt. Airy Community, and I hope it stays in business for many years to come.I work the night shift at my hospital so I like to wake up early on days when I don't have to work that night. After stumbling around my apartment for about an hour trying to figure where I am and what the heck is going on, I like to jet right to the Chestnut Hill Coffee Shop for a massive cup of caffeine. After reading a lot of reviews for Infusion I decided to give them a try since it is also relatively close to my place. So, off I went exuding desperation for a good, strong cup of coffee. 
Unfortunately, I left Infusion feeling very unsatisfied in many ways. First, apparently I went on the first day that it was under new ownership (4/1). This surprised me because my first thought was that the place could really use some sprucing up. The furniture was way too worn even for a cozy coffee shop and I remember thinking that I didn't even want to sit in the chairs that were available. Second, after seeing a picture on Yelp of what looked to be tons of pastries I was excited to try something however pickings were slim and what was there didn't look overly appealing. Third, the coffee was just ok. I didn't really like that it was in those self serve containers and my first cup of the lighter brew tasted very watered down. My second cup of the darker brew wasn't much better and even tasted a little burnt. 
I definitely wasn't impressed and will only go back to see if the new owners make any changes.I stopped in for my usual cup of coffee this morning.  Once again, the coffee shop had no coffee (not the first time).  I told you, the owner, and you told me you didn't have time to check the coffee, in your coffee shop.  I asked you to please make some coffee, in your coffee shop.  You told me you were one person and were too busy to make coffee, in your coffee shop.  The other two people behind me, waiting for coffee for their mugs, didn't bother to stay and left.
You were curt and put out that I asked for coffee, in your coffee shop.  You stated "I'm only one person"-- and with the attitude you gave me, i can only guess why you have no staff to help you, if this is the way you treat a loyal customer.  
You never spoke to me again.  You never said you were sorry that the coffee shop was out of, well, what one would think it would NOT be out of!  You put a container down on the counter and walked away after noting to another customer that you were sorry to keep her waiting because you had to take care 'of that man'.
M'am, I have bought coffee every single work day for the past 5 years at Infusion.  I am pretty convinced that you do not want my patronage- the Wawa is in fact closer to my office.New owner (as of April 2011) is not a nice woman...  She was rather nasty when convening the new coffee card rules- I usually put $20. on my Infusion card at a time and used to enjoy the free cup of coffee that I would get for it.  No more free cups of coffee when you put $20. on your Infusion card which is fine but I could've done without the attitude...  Her partner is a nice guy- not sure if he is part owner...  He is always smiley and pleasant when serving.  Manny is awesome too!  He is plesant and fast when taking and preparing orders.I want to like Infusion.  I really do. But then I go there.  And I don't.  Here's why:
I recently stopped in for an Almond Bubble Tea, which cost almost $5.  $5!!!  It was awful.  As in, take--it-back-give-me-my-money-back-this-is-so-bad awful.  The tapioca balls were inedible, with a strange flavor, and rock-hard consistency.  There was no almond flavor to the tea.  It tasted primarily like milk.  
On another recent visit, I ordered a "batido," which is advertised on the menu as frozen bananas blended with milk.  I ordered the small one, which was 12 oz. and cost almost $4.  I expected something that was a thick-smoothie/milkshake-like consistency.  You know, because of the bananas.  What I received was banana-flavored milk.  Not thick, not banana-y.  Just milk with a little banana mixed in.
If you're looking for a good bubble tea, I recommend most of the bakeries in Chinatown, where you'll spend about $2.50-$3 for a delicious, fresh bubble tea.  If you're looking for a good milkshake, try the Trolley Car Diner.  But don't waste your money at Infusion.