Today's 1st time visit to Ippolito's was fantastic! I love the fresh selection of seafood. I had the tuna cheesesteak and I very much enjoyed it. But felt remorse for I had just finished coming from the gym but the sesame roll was undeniable. Josiah is awesome and we talked seafood for we were both fanatics and he hooked me up with a fresh complementary piece of fish which I promptly seasoned and baked as soon as I got home! Good job folks!I yelped 'Lunch' and Ippolito's Seafood was the 2nd option with only ONE dollar sign. Despite the great rating, I was still a little nervous to try out cheap seafood. But I learned 2 things from this place:
1. It's not cheap; it's AFFORDABLE--extremely affordable.
2. In addition to their amazing and fresh produce, my favorite part about Ippolito's is the menu. SUCH a great variety of delicious seafood;
*The shrimp roll is amazing. A toasty brioche bun filled--and I mean FILLED, they don't joke around--with delicious fresh shrimp that POP in your mouth with every bite.
The salmon burger is off the hook, too + the best of Philly (their famous crab cake sandwich).
And the people that work here are super nice, too. Ask them about each menu and they give you a detailed rundown of what it is and how it's prepared. 
I go here almost every day for lunch now--it's healthy, incredibly delicious, and oh, did I mention it's ridiculously affordable?My favorite place to pick up oysters. Choose carefully because there is a lot of variety and you get to try a shuck for free. ;)
I've also had the fish and chips - greasy, flakey, crispy fish and chips. Mmmm...I bought live lobsters here for Valentine's dinner. The selection was great, prices were good, staff was friendly, and the lobsters were delicious! I've heard good recommendations and can now confirm that this place is a great seafood outlet in south philly.One of Philadelphia's many culinary traditions that has survived into the 21st century is Ippolito's Seafood Market.  Founded in 1919, it will soon celebrate a century of providing Philadelphians with fresh fish and seafood.  This South Philadelphia institution is a great place to shop.  The choice is wide and the prices totally fair.  That's why people keep coming back.  And you have the option of eating-in as well as taking-out.  Perhaps the biggest bargain in culinary Philadelphia is Ippolito's crispy catfish jawns with hot sauce. I bet you can't eat just one of them!Have had the Po' Boy and the Tuna Tacos and both were outstanding as were the fish & shrimp that I've purchased for home consumption. Plus, Ant, the owner is coolI don't understand the 1 star reviews on here.  I live in the neighborhood and am in Ippolito's a few times a month.  I have never had anything less than fresh fish here.  I tend to buy from the market side and cook my own food.  That being said, I have had cooked dishes here that were not amazing, but never anything I would not eat again.  On the fresh side, I have never bought anything that wasn't first grade when I got it home.  If I'm out and walking the dog, even if I had not planned on food shopping, I stop in Ippolito's just to see what the special are and what's for sale.This is my first ever five star. Greg the chef does everything simple but with sneaky sophistication. Gumbo to die for. Never had a bad meal.Tried it for the first time and will definitely come again.
Ordered Broiled Flounder stuffed with crab meat. It was the best I have ever had.
Prices are not bad.When I was there I went on a sea food frenzy. I ordered Dungeness crabs and they cook them to perfection with Old Bay seasoning and butter. The price was unbelievably  reasonable. Also had the lobster bisque and a lobster roll. The lobster roll was great it would have been better if the roll was toasted. But other than that nothing but good things to say.I came here with my mom to pick up a nice piece of fish. I was amazed at the fresh and diverse selection of fresh fish, seafood and prepared foods. They have an amazing selection of fresh seafood salads as well.
We purchased a piece of Red Snapper that we planned on cooking in a few days. Adam was so helpful and knowledgeable about fish and humbly suggested that we pick our fish up closer to the date of preparation, and already took our order and preferences for the cut. 
I so loved the experience that we ended up staying in for lunch. We had the Ahi Tuna Cheesesteak, which Kelly so kindly and promptly served us. She offered us samples of New England Chowder, which also was delicious. This is a classic Philadelphia gem with so much character. It feels so welcoming. I absolutely love this place and I can't wait to come back. I will do all my seafood shopping here. Absolutely great staff, great fresh food, and a lovely and clean environment.Some of the best seafood at a price that'll make you want to stock up. Some of my favorites are the bags of crab pieces ($10), frozen shrimp ($12), true north atlantic salmon, tuna steaks, and chopped clams. 
As far as quality for your dollar goes, this place is a god send. Otherwise, I'd be forced to buy  seafood at the Acme up the street. *shudders*
The service is quick and friendly, and they'll answer any questions you have. Adam is always particularly knowledgeable about what types of seafood would work best for certain dishes. You can also get food made to order, and select vegetables too.If I didn't have to circle the block five times to find a parking spot, I would be here every week.  The food is so nice and fresh.  I actually got hooked on the oyster po boys here!!!  I usually get the shrimp and scallop platter and I'm good to go.  I don't like to call in because I don't want to have soggy seafood, but when you come in the store, the service is pretty quick.  The stuffed mushrooms are also great.  
I haven't been to the fresh seafood section myself, but they always appear to doing a brisk business.I go to Ippolito's once or twice a week to buy fish to cook at home. It is so fresh and is reasonably priced. Everyone there is so friendly and nice. Today I ordered a spicy tuna roll and the fish was insanely fresh. I used to wait tables at a japanese restaurant and I have to say I think this fish was fresher!
I am so lucky to live so close to such delicious fish!!Clean, Fresh, Great Service. Broiled scallops were great. Crab cakes are not nearly as good as Bobby Chez. Stuffed Flounder was good as well. I would return. Nice variety of fresh and prepared foods.This place F-ing rocks.
The seafood selection is outstanding and the customer service is as well. I stopped in on the day before Christmas Eve (it was a Sunday) and a million people were packed inside, getting seafood for their Feast of Seven Fishes (as was I).  It was loud and overwhelming, but fortunately I was able to hand my list to the cordial monger behind the counter.  I'm sure this actually made the transaction more pleasant rather than shouting over the crowd.  I got a ton of clams, king crab legs, halibut and USA wild shrimp and scallops and the bill came to $84.00.
I definitely want to come back and eat in - they have a large prepared foods section too.Ippolito's is a casual seafood spot in South Philly. They will clean and cut freshies for you to take home and prepare, and they offer a menu of food, like fish sandwiches and sushi. 
The "Overboard" sandwich ($9) comes with a nice, oversized piece of flakey fried flounder, cole slaw, and fries. This sandwich gets extremely messy but its worth it, just grab extra napkins.  The fries got a little soggy but the fried fish held up.
Ippolito's has a list of fun homemade sauces, don't forget to ask for some.
I also tried "Aunt Connie's Famous Jumbo Lump Crab Cake." Like the sandwich, it fell apart easily, but that barely detracted from my enjoyment of the the generous chunks of real crab.
A side of vinegar based apple and pear slaw was a nice touch of acid to pair up with all the fried seafood.This is Samuel & Sons retail outlet. Samuel & Sons are the largest purveyor of seafood to almost every restaurant in the area. Everything is fresh, they will give u "fish boxes" w/ice to keep your "catch" cold til u get home. I am a regular customer even though I live n Drexel Hill, Delaware County 20 mins away. Try it you'll like it!!Checked in for the first time. I dont know why I haven't been in here. Clean and bright place. Such an inviting place. If you check in with the yelp apps. You are gettin an Ahi Tuna Cheesesteak. Generous portion of it, not just samples size and they are. Quite tasty. Got a potato salad, and chicken salad. The tuna are good too. At the end of the day the breads are half price.... I think they announced it before they close the place. The workers are such nice peoples, very welcoming, I'll deff be back again.Disclaimer: I am only reviewing the takeout/restaurant side of this business, not the seafood market which may very well be perfectly fine, i haven't purchased uncooked seafood there yet. (ive only got takeout sandwiches and sushi at this point) I would like to give a higher mark here, but their service is just so unreliable. I 've had several good experiences, but more negative ones over the last 2 years. Their menu is great, they source their seafood sustainably, have sushi options(sometimes the sushi chef isn't there thus no sushi), and when properly made their prepared food is delicious. It is just so hit or miss. On a bad day your food is extremely late, barely edible and servers are borderline rude or at least inattentive. On a good night, the service quick and attentive, the dishes are impeccable and I'm left wanting more. However, unfortunately, there are more bad days than good, which is why i will not be returning. For the prices they charge, i can find better in this city. I expect consistant quality and service with a smile every time, not just sometimes. So sad. I had such high hopes for this place, but I've been let down too many times.This could possibly be my default go-to for live crabs.  Prices are fair for the given period in the season.  Yesterday's visit had #1's at $25 a dozen/$110 bushel and #2's from $10-20 a dozen, cheaper ones being crabs that have recently molted (but not soft shell).  Other items include a selection of at least five oysters from varying locations, fish filets, vegetables, and some whole fish.  The selection for whole fish doesn't rival that of an Asian market, but the most common fishes purchased whole (stripers, red snappers, etc.) are represented.  The fishmongers are helpful and can assist you with questions regarding sustainability and where the product was sourced.  It's a proper local seafood market.When it comes to seafood, you get what you pay for. Is Ippolito's pricey? Yes. Is the seafood amazing? Yes. I will go nowhere else for shellfish. The last time I ate shrimp from here, they were gigantic and tasted like the ocean. The dry packed sea scallops are absolutely perfect. I thought it was not possible to get mind-blowing seafood in Philly, but I was wrong.
In addition to fresh seafood, you can pick up a number of cooked dishes, fresh salads, sushi, and some produce and groceries including fresh bread. The crab cake sandwich is outstanding, as is the cole slaw if you're a cole slaw fan. The take-out menu is my new bucket list.
So far, I have found the service to be friendly and quick. Zero complaints.
A word of caution: if you see the lobster mac and cheese on the menu and think, wow I really want to try that, you need to call a day ahead to get some. I have not yet tried it because I walked in thinking I could just pick some up. Made-to-order means it is probably awesome, so I'm not going to complain about it, though at the time I may have done some foot-stomping until they gave me a sample of crab tomato gravy. Much like giving a kid a lollipop, it shut me right the hell up.You won't find better quality sea food in Philly at such a good price. A must if you are in the hood!Let me summarize my review: If you are looking for the freshest fish in town, Ippolito's is the place to go.
We were in the mood to try some fresh, simply prepared seafood and went out of our way to Ippolito's for lunch. And it was it worth it! Obviously, Ippolito's is first and foremost a seafood market that has a wide variety of seafood available to take home. They also have a decent selection of fresh produce and dairy items and have now started carrying high quality meats. But what brought us to Ippolito's is the fact that they also serve meals there, as they have a small counter as well as a few tables where you can enjoy some of the freshest seafood in town. OK.. so now the secret is out. Ippolito's is apparently well known for their ahi tuna steak sandwich but we tried a few fish platters. What a great concept...you get to choose any type of fish they have and tell them how you want it prepared (grilled, broiled, fried, etc). And of course, the seafood could not be any fresher. We enjoyed some grilled salmon and blue fish, and some broiled red snapper, all of which were perfectly cooked. The platters each come with two sides and we had several types of cole slaw (try the apple pear version) as well as roasted potatoes, french fries, and greens. You can also get oysters freshly shucked there as well as things like soft shell crabs in season and I get the impression that if they have it, it can be cooked up for you. The staff (especially the young female cook with blonde hair) could not have been any friendlier and were helpful and made us feel at home. Needless to say we will be coming back very soon. Hopefully  word will not get around too fast so we can still snag some seats. Yes. It's that good.This is the real deal for fresh seafood. I only get take-out as the dine-in experience leaves something to be desired. All the seafood is really fresh and they have a huge selection. The prices are very reasonable. I have had most things on their menu and have never been disappointed. Beware there is no air conditioning so it gets really hot during summer months. Get it to go you won't be sorry.Best seafood in the city, it's owned by Samuels and son which is where the best Resturant get there seafood. Seafood is something you pay for what you get. You could pay 6.99/ lb for salmon at Asian market or you can get a beautiful king salmon at ippolitos. The second most awesomeness thing is the sandwiches ..tuna cheesesteak..how dare you! Ok it's awesome we forgive you- Philadelphia.The ahi tuna tacos were fantastic! Hard corn shells encase two tacos with expertly seared tuna and a spicy chipotle sauce. They have a huge fresh selection including octopus and multiple squid varieties. The prepared section was full of awesome looking seafood salads as well as baked lobster mac n cheese and shrimp volcanos. I can't wait to go back.Best crab sandwich EVER! The sandwich alone will keep me coming back. Friendly service and very fresh seafood for a reasonable price. Great place for lunch.Great weekly specials, $3.99 for a center cut pork chop and mashed potatoes; can't beat that. Great staff!!Julia
So this place was featured in a mag about the city of Philly.  There was a picture of the most beautiful looking soft shell crab sandwich and i knew I had to go get one.....  So I drive up to this place and I'm like where the heck is the restaurant?????  And it hits me... This is a fish store/market...  not a restaurant at all... But you can order cooked foods to take out... what was i to do... I had to have that sandwich...
I ended up ordering the stuffed mushrooms and clams casino as well....  and holy cow....  those 2 turned out to be the real STARS of the meal....  By the time I tasted these 2 unbelievable apps, I was already long gone from the shop or i would have so gotten another order of each.   The mushrooms are stuffed with their authentic crab meat and was arguably the best stuffed shrooms I've ever had.  It was a hard act to follow but the clams casino held it's own...
The 2 apps trumps the soft shell crab sandwich...  The sandwich only turned out to be okay but maybe because i had 2 incredible starters and by the time i got to the sandwich, it was a bit soggy...
Next time, I'm just gonna camp out there and eat things one at a time fresh from the kitchen...  It's tough to stay around because, after all it is a fish market and the smell  will mess you up if you stay too long....
BIG RECOMMENDATION for a spot yet to be truly discovered...The best fishmonger ever friendly crew the got my  back always go for the Jawns at 99 cents plus the cod and salmon were so much better than the grocery kind cannot be beatHere's my Ippolito's Seafood Stream of Consciousness Yelp:
Formula for a delicious healthy night on the grill at home: 
Asparagus, portabellas, and  drumroll.....
Salmon burgers from Ippolito's.  I picked up 3 burgers for under 4 dollars on the way home from work today and was totally wowed.  
It's impossible to go into Ippolito's and leave with just what you came for... quite the king of an impulse seafood buy and well worth it!
Whenever you find yourself wandering around this tree lined nook of South Philly, please stop in and pick up some fresh fish (and whatever else strikes your fancy). 
A few months ago I had some sushi grade tuna- they totally run the spectrum.  
Additionally, you can pick up all of your seafood accutrement (sp) from the fresh produce to the zatarain's spices, Ippolito's has got your back!
Mmmmmboy!My family and I are obsessed with this market. They are so nice there and if you check in you get a whole FREE ahi tuna cheese steak with fries which is AMAZING. We also got 2 pints of their crab salad, a pint of ahi tuna salad , 2 pounds of shrimp and a fish cake all UNBELIEVABLE. Must try!!Ippolito's is the only place I need to go to, to buy the freshest seafood, produce, and delectable prepared food around. The well-informed staff is happy to steer you in the right direction, suggesting just the right product. I listened, and I went home and prepared the best scallops I've ever eaten!  Now they have out-done themselves with some signature lunch entrees that will have you contemplating licking the bottom of the container at the office...Restraint be damned!What a neighborhood gem! Great friendly service and super fresh and delicious seafood! Part fish market part deli/eat in. 
Ordered the fish and chips ( minus the parts w too much breading) it was super! Fried perfectly crisp and seasoned, w slaw and fries. Also had the Mexican lobster roll, large chunks of lobster w pineapple salsa. Yum. 
A great find! If I had a second stomach I'd try the seafood lasagna or fish cakes or tons of other things on the menu! 
Come here if u get a chance, to eat in or take out or get an assortment of fresh seafood.I might be inclined to give it more than one star if they kept the hours they claim they do.  The sign in the door and the menus they hand out say they are open until 7 on week nights. I tried twice in the last month to go at 6.  Each time they were closed.  On one occasion an employee was inside. He came to the door and acknowledged they were closed but would not say why.
I see no reason to try to go againOnce you enter, you can see there is a lot of history and character from the employees to the customers.  If your not a native Philadelphian you will feel like one when you are in there....
The employees are very knowledgable when asked any questions about the seafood, recipes and even preparation. There is a large array of choices that you won't find in a commercial supermarket!  
It is the best all around one-stop seafood market for your entire seafood dinner! I promise you will leave with not only a good meal but a great experience!Hadn't been here in 3 years, but a coupon for a free shrimp salad sent me there today. We also had shrimp burgers with fries ($3.99)! The shrimp burgers were unexpectedly good! They were full of shrimp! Excellent hand cut fries too! But that shrimp salad.....Yummmmm! Chock full of whole, nice sized shrimp. Best bargain in town!My grandparents used to take me here all the time to get their fish to cook at home. I didn't realize until I became an adult that they serve prepared food. And it is great! Please try the crab cakes, thank me later.Fresh seafood - great selection. Knowledgeable mongers - I'll only buy dry scallops now, thank you. Prepared foods are good. Decent produce too. They sell La Columbe bagged coffee. Take out meals are nice alternative to ordering a pizza. I feel very lucky to live around the corner.My boyfriend and I frequent Ippolito's, as we are avid fish consumers.  Normally we just purchase raw fish and take it home to cook it.  The staff is always very helpful, friendly and courteous.  The selection is always fresh and delicious.  This weekend we tried some prepared food:  South Philly Crabs and Macaroni and Eggplant Canolli.  We were pleasantly surprised when we saw the amount of food included in the $10 crabs and spaghetti.  It was huge!  Also pretty delicious, although I thought it should be spicier.  The eggplant canolli was amazing as well.  This place totally rules.The only five star fish monger in Philadelphia. All the information you could ever want on your fish, special orders for small amounts, great service, and take out. Amazing.Searched online for 'best lunch restaurants in Philadelphia,' and this was one of the first options that wasn't vegetarian, so I thought I'd check it out. Came in at the tail end of lunch, so even though there are only a few seats, I was able to get one easily. The food was absolutely amazing.
Main: I ordered a shrimp roll. The bun was a warm brioche, crunchy on the outside, soft and fluffy on the inside, and absolutely perfect for this sandwich. The portion of shrimp salad was extremely generous; I'm a pretty big eater but I could not finish the whole thing. It also tasted great. The shrimp and the sauce worked perfectly together. And at $6, it was remarkably cheap for the quality.
Side: I got a side of cole slaw. It was also very good. Crisp, crunchy, and tasting just like cole slaw should.
I am definitely going to be back here! I want to try the ahi tuna salad side, some of the seafood pastas, and much more of what they have to offer. Great!This place is awesome!  If you want fresh seafood in Philly, this is about as good as it gets.  Their company supplies many of Philly's better restaurants with fresh seafood.  They really care about fresh, and they're willing to get you whatever you need, just call ahead if you're planning something more exotic.  I threw a sushi party at my house and got all of my fish from Ippolito's.  It was very affordable, very fresh, and very tasty.  We had unagi, ahi (tuna), sake (salmon), and hirame (halibut).  The tuna was on sale for 7.99 a pound.  Try getting that price at Whole Paycheck.
Anyways, two thumbs up for service, price, selection and quality.Where should I start. I walked in and waited 5 mins before I even saw anyone so I can order my food. I had high expectations since an older gentleman there said they had great food. I ordered a broil shrimp and scallops platter with corn on the cob and fries. I asked them to season the shrimp and scallops with old bay and garlic. Simple enough right. The fries had a weird smell and a even weirder taste. The shrimp and scallops were not seasoned as I asked, they just throw some salt and pepper on it. The corn was undercooked, seemed like they just dipped it in hot water and throw it on my platter. So I definitely will not be returning. 28 bucks wasted. I ate about 1/5 of the food and tossed the rest in the garbage. I would have went back but I was on a time crunch.Just as amazing when I visited a few months later, and this time I got to chat with the super friendly and hard-working staff.  I actually ordered the exact same thing - perhaps on my third visit I'll branch out and explore the rest of the tempting menu but it really is hard to beat $12 for an entire well-seasoned lobster.
Wanted to give Ippolito's a little more well-deserved love.We had the Po boy and the beef burger. Both were if really high quality. The batter was not very thick and didn't feel too greasy or heavy. The fries on the were really good as well.I have to say that normally we buy our seafood in the Terminal but after stopping by here I am totally going to give this place a try.  Their prices aren't all that different and it beats having to drive all the way to the Terminal and find parking when we live within walking distance of Ippolito's.  This place is your typical seafood place except that they also have a full menu and also serve food.  I had read that this place was a nice little secret and so we decided to give it a shot on a rainy Saturday afternoon.  I ordered the Tuni fish tacos and some lobster mac and cheese and my other half ordered the shrimp po'boy.  The people working at the market were extremely nice and helpful and even came out and put 2 place settings out for us.  The tacos were extremely good and the tuna was so fresh, they weren't badly price and I probably should have gotten another order.  The same goes for the po'boys the shrimp were just so fresh and good.  The lobster mac and cheese wasn't the best I have ever had but it was very good and there was a good amount of lobster in it.  All in all with 2 drinks and all that the tab came to about $35 for the 2 of us.  That's a bargain and hopefully this place continues to fly under the radar.A coworker recommended Ippolito's to me recently, so my fiance and I decided to order some sandwiches for takeout.  We ordered a salmon burger, shrimp salad sandwich, and a small order of onion rings.
I have never been here before in my 2+ years of being an EPX resident.  I have to say- I have been missing out on a hidden gem!  First of all, prices were incredibly reasonable.  Our entire order was only $14!  Secondly, the serving sizes were absolutely perfect.  We even saved half the onion rings for the next day.  Third, it was delicious.  I am pretty picky on my seafood and I have to say that everything was so fresh and tasted so homemade.
I was especially impressed with the salmon burger.  For just $4 you get an awesome, really fresh and delicious sandwich.  
Needless to say, Ippolito's will most definitely be my go-to place when I have a hankering for a quick seafood lunch or dinner.Never had an issue except sometimes they forget the Free Fishcake, when they advertise it. I usually get the advertised specials which are a trout or whiting combo with fries and coleslaw is a BIG meal for only $3.99 which is $1.00 more than a McDonald's Filet O Fish sandwich (and there is NO COMPARISON) Staff is polite and always offer some of the salads to sample or free. Great service and Great food!Why did it take me so long to get here!?
Stopped by yesterday and got a crabcake sandwich with fries and tuna tacos. Wow, was it good! The meal was under 20 dollars, and was so fresh and delicious. I saw the guy take a slice of fresh tuna for my tacos and the crabcake had no filler. The taco shell was so good, and flaky. I can't wait to get back there! they'll steam the seafood there for you as well so you don't have to stink up your house!
They also deliver, can't wait to get those tuna tacos again.
Staff was very friendly and helpful and there's multiple specials of the day on the wall.Wonderful, delicious, local scallops. So good all they needed was some salt, pepper and lemon and they melted in your mouth! A bit pricey ($22 or $22.99 a pound) so $26.46 got me 10 scallops. But they were absolutely delicious, and the employees were super nice and friendly. This is a great seafood market and it's obvious they care about their customers!This is the first place we visit to eat when we are in town.  It's beyond excellent and if you are a seafood lover, it's like they plucked the goods right from the ocean.  The folks there are great and genuinely know their stuff.  Totally casual atmosphere and very much a neighborhood experience.  The taco is cuckoo crazy good.  We'll be back memorial day weekend and already planning our visit to this place!After reading reviews on the best places to buy fish in Philly I decided to try out Ippolito's. Best decision ever. The Staff was extremely helpfull and attentive. I had no idea what kind of fish I wanted and the guy I spoke with walked me through different types of fish and how to cook them all while making sure he didn't go outside of my buget. He also warned me of how busy it will be the Friday before Christmas, but to look forward to what a show it will be. Can't wait to go back!Fresh seafood, amazing selection, fabulous prices and a staff that goes out of their way to help you.  If I could give it six stars I would.I want ippolitos to never close, because its lovely and has been there forever (you can imagine the generations before you in that same spot in South philly in the 20's!), and because it smells fishy in the right way, and they give you lovely samples and the produce is delightful and the small treasures - like the fancy spices, and plump and waxy lemons, and cuts of grass fed lamb - are unexpected treats. It feels old, and like Italy. It's so south philly. 
For the meals - delicious and simple and huge portions and made for  savoring with a bottle of montepulcianno.    Fish tacos are amazing. Lobster spaghetti portion is huge and so full of lobster bits. The caesar salad is grilled and amazing with such an old-fashioned dressing. Please, just do yourself a favor and go experience this classic spot.Best place to procure fishes of allsorts for eating. 
Fresh and frozen fillets of anything you want.  If you need something more obscure, call them a day in advance and they will order it. 
They also sell sushi-grade tuna and salmon, and will order other fishes you can serve raw.   
Good Italian-influenced items as well, like Bacalao (salt cod), critical to the Christmas Eve Seven Fishes dinner.Run by true fishermen by trade. Super friendly staff, attentive and quick! Appproachable and easy to ask questions to even if you are clueless. Amazing seafood. Live or fresh, everything is awesome. highly recommend the ahi tuna tacos. Delicious!! Also have deveined peeled shrimp for a very reasonable price. Can't beat these guys.For me, I liked Ippolito's better before they redid the place about 10 years ago.  Not that I don't like new and bright display boxes and new paint and floor but walking into a place that seems like the fishermen just dropped off bushels of crabs and a load of sand dabs on the floor seemed to get you closer to the ocean.  Not that they have changed their approach to fresh seafood, they haven't.  Fairly wide selection of whole fish, filets, crabs, clams and mussels  still great with one case devoted to prepared fresh cold foods.  Their fried take out is also excellent for a quick Friday night meal.  Good connection to the Jersey waters and if ever you may need Jonah the giant blue fish, you can get him here.  Knowledgeable staff and good prices.  Always have fresh garlic, lemons and Italian, what else, parsley as well as Old Bay and panko to grab and go.  Parking?  Give me a break, its 13th and Dickenson!I have to be honest, the only reason that I got down here was because I purchased a Groupon.  With that being said, I'm happy that I finally went and used it because I found a really great seafood market.
This past weekend I had a hankering for cioppino.  I had never made it before but I really wanted to give it a shot.  Knowing that I had the Ippolito's Groupon I set off to get my ingredients.
The store layout is pretty simple and effective.  There is a tile floor and a huge glass refrigerated case where everything they sell is presented to you.  They have a huge variety of stuff to the point of being impressive.
I found the staff to be pretty nice.  I even inquired about purchasing some seafood stock and one of the guys came out from the back to show me that they make their own "shrimp stock" but that they were basically out of it.  They apologized for not being able to sell me any.  I thought this was super cool of them.
Anyhoo, got my ingredients, used my Groupon and all was well.  I'm definitely coming back now that I made a trip down here.  Their selection and prices are too good to pass up.Before I retired this was our Friday lunch  choice  and what a great choice . These people have been around since God was a boy and they know fish! The sides aren't bad either.  You can keep  all of those fancy fish places in Center City . I will take this down to earth, quality, reasonably priced,  establishment every day of the week.review is for the seafood market only
Was super excited to go because of all the great reviews... but sadly...unimpressed. Price was cheaper than Reading Terminal but the fishes just looked tired and not very desirable. Maybe it was just an off-day? Anyways, we left the store without buying anything and ended up going to Anastasi @ Italian Market where the fish looked a lot better.I don't know why Yelp has such restaurant-oriented survey questions....this is not a restuarant.  There is no where to sit and eat.  This is purely a seafood market.
Now that I've got that out of my system, my favorite part of this market is that every seafood item has a sign saying where the fish came from, if it was farm-raised or wild, and how it was caught (if applicable).  
Competitively priced and staff is friendly.
Plus: they have a nice, small selection of produce and dairy so if you need to grab something to go with your scallops, you don't need to run somewhere else.  Most of the items are a decent market price.I look at Ippolito's as one of the many perk of being a city dweller. We have so many options beyond an Acme or Giant to get fresh quality foods if we just know where to look for it. So when Saturday rolled around and it was my night to cook I figured I'm going to do a little surf and turf, hard to mess up and always a fan favorite. 
It was such a nice day out that I figured I'd bang out a quick playlist, grab some head phones and just take a nice cruise around the city on my bike and when I passed a place I wanted to stop into I would. I rode around Fitlers Sq for a bit (stopping in for the beef at Quetta Halal of course)  then over to Graduate Hospital and down into South Philly. I didn't want to go to RTM but as it got later I was thinking that was going to be my only option but then there she was, the teal fish I've seen on the side of trucks so many times before, Ippolito's on the corner of 13th and Dickinson.
As I was locking my bike up there was a guy standing against the wall reading a menu and when I looked closer at him I realized it was Young Chris from the defunct hip hop duo Young Gunz. Real nice guy actually, he's dropping an EP soon which I let him know in the whitest voice ever that I'd be sure to cop. Well if Ipp's is good enough for Young Chris, its good enough for me.
All the fish was labeled with its source and whether it was wild or farmed which is uber important for food weirdos like me. There was a wide variety of whole fish that if I were a more adventurous amateur chef I would have taken on but instead I went for the Texas pink shrimp to use for scampi. They also had a few vegetables and I got some organic dandelion to add to some of my gross green smoothies. I'd been looking for them for a while believe it or not. 
The prices weren't dirt cheap or anything but I wouldn't expect that given the quality of the products. The workers were really nice and equally excited about seeing Young Chris outside so that was an unexpected bonus as well. My buddy fancies himself a grill master so I think I am going to stop back here before our next BBQ and see what he can do with some of Ipp's beautiful sword fish steaks.Go Overboard. Seriously awesome. Especially of you're a fan of Primanti Bros. 
Everything else looks great too. I think this will be my new sandwich spot.I go to Ippolito's every Monday to pick up my farm share from Lancaster Farm Fresh Cooperative (LFFC). Most weeks I'll also pick up some fish too.  The staff is helpful,  knowledgeable and proud of their work. I look forward to many more visits.A year or two ago, having read a lot of good reviews on Ippolito's, I came here to do dinner with a friend and his godchild. I did not realize that this was more of a seafood store with just a couple or so tables for eating in. When we came, all the chairs were occupied, so we ended up spending a lot more when we "made do" with Victor Cafe.
Hoping that I could catch them with some empty seats, I returned after several months to try their prepared and cooked food. I liked the sushi tacos, the salads, the fish, the shellfish, but it is the crab cakes that have made me return again and again. They are the best crab cakes that I have ever had! The crab cakes have minimal if any fillers at all, just a great volume of jumbo lump crab complemented by a little egg and just the right amount and blend of seasonings.
One of the times I went there, I also looked at their seafood market and saw an unbelieavable price for frozen shrimp. So I bought a box. Horrible decision. When I cooked the shrimp, they were so salty that this lover of savory food had to throw away the ones I tasted. I ended up throwing away the whole box. I Googled and read that some frozen imported shrimp have certain preservatives added. I suspect that this was what made the shrimp I got extremely salty.
One last thing. I had been frequenting a sushi and sashimi place that was excellent initially, then its raw fish started to deteriorate in quality. After a number of years, I decided to try it again. The sashimi was once more phenomenal. I asked them why? They said that they switched their supplier back to Samuels and Son (a part of Ippolito's, or Ippolito's is part of Samuels and Son). 
Methinks I will return to Ippolito's for some sashimi (not on their menu though) or sushi tacos (on their menu). But I will avoid any discounted frozen shrimp to take home.
Tip: Parking could be hard to find in Ippolito's neighborhood.The house crab cake was deliciously seasoned and broiled with generous chunks of fresh crab meat, but I was surprised to find a large dollop of melted butter on the bottom of the small serving pan. The pan-seared scallop was equally sweet and tender. However, I was heartbroken to discover they no longer served Mexican lobster tacos and the crab, corn, and avocado salad. They removed these special dishes from their seafood menu, yet they added beef burgers and chicken sandwiches.I needed fresh sardines for a Sicilian recipe I was making for my grandmother. After calling the whole city of Philadelphia , I came across their name on the web. When I called they said they were out , but could have them at the store within a hour. WHAT!! These guys are the best! The final test was when I brought them home and my grandmother , who helped me clean them, said they were the freshest sardines she has seen since growing up in Italy. Since that day I have not bought fish or produce ( that's right) anywhere else! These guys are the best at fish and not bad at produce either. Try them and you'll see for yourself.I love this place and try to stop in whenever I'm in the neighborhood. The tuna cheesesteak legitimately blew my mind. Super delicious and unique. I am not a vegetarian but I only really eat seafood in terms of meat so this was perfect for me. Everything else I've eaten there I loved and I like the divey seafood joint atmosphere. Get that feeling this place has been around a while, which wouldn't be at all surprising.Ippolito's is my go to for fresh fish in the city. From sushi grade (made Thomas Keller's salmon coronets) to humble smoked trout (shredded into a cracker spread) this place always has what I need at a reasonable price. Quality is always high - just yesterday I picked up some great snow crab legs cheaper than what the local supermarkets were advertising (Ippo's had it on sale for just $3.99) for a great Valentine's dinner. Staff is always super knowledgeable + friendly as well.
Love supporting local businesses and if it's good enough for most of Philadelphia's restaurants (they also own Samuels + Son wholesale) it's good enough for me. Thanks guys!I'm not going to lie. I ordered from here from Grub Hub because it had no order minimum and free delivery. I also ordered what seemed to be the most food for the least amount of money, and DEAR GOD, what amazing things frugality can lead you to.
I ordered a salmon burger and fries, a 6 dollar meal. This burger was the most freshest, tastiest, thing in all of ever. Fresh fish cooked until it was just a wee bit crispy, fresh condiments with just the right amount of sauce. Big fluffy bun, big hunk of meat, nothing soggy. I unwrapped it and it looked like an advertisement, BUT FOR REAL. ON MY DESK. 
 I opened my box of fries, some crispy, some not crispy, all delicious. Seasoned to perfection. I actually don't know if they were seasoned. They might have just put salt on delicious ass potatoes, and fried them. 
Either way, was the best six dollars I've ever spent. I'm actually eating it now, I decided to make a yelp account and write a review after the first bite.I'm so sad to have to change my review of this place. The lobster mac & cheese was great, and I loved my ahi tuna tacos... but now after two bad experiences I'm suspicious of everything there. 
The trouble started with precooked crabs purchased on a Sunday. They were a $1 a piece, so I thought I had a great deal. I walked the two blocks home, and steamed them within 15 minutes of purchasing. Before we even opened them, we knew somethign was wrong. They had a sharp akeline smell that filled my kitchen. When we cracked them open instead of white and fluffy the meat was spotted with brown. I thought, well it was just one bad experience, let's try again... they were $1 crabs. Then my boyfriend brought back cooked Alaskan king crab. This was in better shape, but there were definately some brown spots at the ends that sketched me out. We started buying crab at Acme instead, and the difference is incredible. Why can I get better crab at the grochery store than the fish monger?Back after a three year gap and sadly demoting my star rating to three as well. With how much I loved Ippolito's on my previous visits it was the first place I wanted to go this past weekend in Philly. We arrived early on a Thursday nightand the place was fairly chaotic with  people getting mad/confused when picking up their orders. It's kind of unfair to give a negative rating for the other customers but the management didn't do much to keep people in line and seemed very overwhelmed.
When our food arrived I was disappointed to see that the sashimi tuna tacos are now served in a hard-shell (previously in a soft tortilla that fit much better with the delicate fish) and that the serving size was smaller. The price however, is still good at $8. My friend's ahi tuna cheesesteak was also well-priced but the bread it was served with a little stale and the cheese was barely melted. 
We returned on Saturday because that's how much I loved Ippolito's before and the scene was thankfully much calmer. Our food remained so-so, though, the crab-cake kind of soggy and again with stale bread. Fries here are great though, and if you eat in you'll get a great platter of sauces and homemade giant oyster crackers. I'll be back the next time I'm in Philly to give Ippolito's another chance to reclaim the title of amazing, but I won't be racing in.Defunct, too many assholes millennials moved around Ippolitos and did too much complaining about to smell . so they sold outI stopped in today to order blue crabs to go after calling and them hesitating to take my phone order. They have apparently been receiving complaints on the size and quality of their crabs since they don't offer refunds (sign in window). I asked someone behind the counter for 18 cooked and cleaned #1's. It was if they didn't want to do it, he pointed at the ones in the case that were already prepared. I asked him what size they were and he insisted they were a mix of #1 and #2.  When I took them home, my husband couldn't have been more disappointed. There was nothing on them (barely any meat)except for old bay and loads of hot sauce! Completely disappointing. My husband said he had also called to ask their sizes, got a run around and was hung up on. 
I also ordered a few sides and scallops (corn on the cob and scallops are good), but when we opened up the food we were missing 2 of the sides. Customer service here is also lacking, no one seems to be friendly or willing to help.Food was okay; I've had better. Just wanted to know what type of restaurant serves their customers burnt French Fries. Not once but twice. I'm done with Ippolito's.The food here has gone downhill over the last few years. Service is extremely slow and they get the order wrong frequently. Their prices keep going up and the portions get smaller. They need to hire more staff, get more efficient, and bring their prices back down to "south philly" prices.Holy fish sandwich, batman! Just wolfed down my first sammich from Ippolito's. It won't be my last. I intend to work my way down the menu and then head in to custom-sammich territory if they will let me. 
The staff was super friendly when I stopped in the other day just to check the place out. We introduced ourselves and talked about poke, special fish orders, and Californian 'accents'. 
Do I really have a Californian accent?Terrific  selection and they will even grind a bag of coffee for u. Not a place to go to if you're looking for conversation- they give you what you need and out the door you go. No fuss. I like it.