..the finest quality Jamaican cusine..outside of Jamaica. .
I've been working in his area. .
And smelling something fabulous in the area..
I've finally tracked it down to this place. .
I had the jerk chicken lunch special. ......
Like I was in Spanish town..
Or negril..
.
The best outside of Jamaica. .
Is right here. .
.
This is wonderful. 
Bet..!!Amazing service. There's so much love and care that goes into the food. My favorite is the curry goat and oxtail.Today was the first time I tried Irie and let me 
Tell you Omg! If I can give them ten stars I would I had the oxtail rice and beans and collard greens it was so damn good. I'm usually a soul food guy,and by the way (Deborah's & Butter's soul food) they are fired! My new place to eat is Irie Jamaican food you can pick any size they will give you your money's worth, and it's hot and ready to eat when you get home. So please  give Irie a try you will surely agree with me that they food is the best in brewery town!Yes! Yes! Yes! Huge portions, great prices, delicious chicken! My brown stew chicken couldn't have been more fall off the bone tender. My bae's jerk chicken was smoky, spicy, and tasty. The greens and peas and rice were great! One star was deducted for the Mac and Cheese which tasted nice, but was too mushy. I am so stuffed, yet I can't stop thinking about when I can eat the rest of my order! At Irie, a "small" platter is not small at all! I can't wait to return to begin working my way through the rest of the menu!Ordered the Oxtail platter. Just gave me pieces of bone and fat. Gravy had no flavor. 
Mac and cheese was dry.The best in Philly! Authentic, friendly and very flavorful! Inexpensive lunch menu. Fast service! A must visit!I love this place. I've never had anything I didn't like, but my favorite is the jerk chicken. Make sure to ask for extra jerk sauce !! Very underrated place.The oxtail here is incredible, rice and peas, seasoned cabbage = a perfect lunch . Its also run by the Friendliest people. This place is an absolute gem. So lucky to have it in the neighborhood. Don't ever change Irie!Honestly they never fail, their food is very good. I told my sister about their food being better than the Jamaican restaurant she works in up in Jersey and couldn't believe me until she came and tried for herself. Now all she eats is Irie's Jamaican food when she visits me once a month. Great cook and okay staff, the lady that serves always seems to be on the bad mood.Food is inexpensive & delicious here!! One of the owners is a sweetheart We'll definitely be back.My boyfriend loves Jamaican food and it's so hard for me to get him to try new places. He loved this place we had the oxtails and curry chicken platters and they were so good! Very authentic!!! Loved the cabbage, sweet yams, Mac and cheese, and collard greens as well!!Reasonably priced with large portion sizes! I ordered a small brown stew chicken platter with rice& beans, cabbage, and yams. The food was good and I will definitely eat here again. When I was waiting for my food they were cooking the snapper and it looked great!The food was pretty good. I was searching for a Jamaican Resturant. I received a nice size portion in my small $10 platter. It came with three sides. I had the small oxtails, rice & peas, cabbage and baked mac and cheese! They have only been there for about a year and some change. Check them out. YumAmazing service. There's so much love and care that goes into the food. My favorite is the curry goat.Great Jamaican food I usually order the Jerk chicken with Jerk sauce, and oxtail. Every platter comes with three sides the plantains are amazing and sell out quick. The best Jamaican food outside of Jamaica.
There is a sign that says closer until further notice they are renovating. Yet, IRIES has a huge food truck that is there every Fridays-Sundays that they serve food out of. I have been ordering on weekends. The Jerk chicken is grilled and marinated on an open grill that infuses a burst of flavor and ingredients. This is a place to definitely try out.Awesome Jamaican spot! Stopped in today and had an oxtail platter, which came with three sides for $14. I got Mac and Cheedar, rice and peas and collard greens. The oxtails were amazing -- super tender and the gravy was thick and hearty. Rice was a little sticky for my tastes and the greens were obviously pre-frozen, but the Mac and Cheese was really good. Solid place and would definitely return.This place is a gem in Brewerytown/Fairmount. Me and the Mrs. got dinner take-out from here - we tried the large Jerk Chicken platter and medium brown stew chicken platter. The portions were generous and the chicken was amazing. For sides we got yams, mac n cheese, collard greens, cabbage, and rice and beans - all fantastic.  We have been to Jamaica, and this is as authentic as it gets.  Even the cheesecake was delicious.  We will definitely be getting take-out from here again!Running errands and it was time for lunch and not many of the local businesses were open in this neighborhood (mostly bar/restaurants) so I found this spot.  This extremely nondescript establishment appears designed to cater to take-out, food is served in to-go boxes with disposable utensils though there are a few tables in back to dine in.  The 1 sheet menu is extremely confusing to decipher with a quick once over, so i skipped it and went with the lunch special.
For $6.79 I opted for curry chicken with rice and beans and mac and cheese as my sides.  The mac and cheese was mostly a coagulated blob of cheese which was about what I expected from a fast-food-y type of joint and was tasty enough to serve it's purpose.  The rice and beans were fairly plain and dry however worked well as the bed for the chicken as the chicken was a bit greasy.  This wasn't a bad thing though, the roughly butchered chicken pieces (i.e. be careful of the sometimes sharp bone pieces) was very tender with a fattiness-greasiness that almost reminded me of duck.  The curry seasoning was very tasty but not overwhelming.  Washing it down with a ginger soda made for a very satisfying and filling lunch!
I'll definitely keep this place in mind for quick late-night take out the next time I'm in the neighborhood for live music or the bars.We had this catered for our civic association meeting and loved it!! We typically are a crowd for pizza and loved the change in menu! We had rice and beans, some chicken and fried fish and a cabbage slaw. All great- definitely try!!More like 3.5.
Stopped in for a quick to-go medium platter. 
I got Oxtail, which was very tender and fatty. Sauce was good, but a little too salty.
Mac & cheese was okay, a bit mushy, but decent.
The collard greens were cooked well.
Overall, a decent meal. Lots of food. Super friendly folks who work there.
I would return for more.Coming here was the best decision I made today. I got the medium platter and it was jerk chicken with Mac & cheese and collard green. The chicken was so damn flavorful, tender and juicy. I would come here everyday if I could.Stumbled upon this restaurant while exploring the area and decided to get lunch here - what a delicious discovery! We both got the $7 everyday special, which comes with any kind of chicken and 2 sides. 
- Brown stew chicken: Very tender! Fall off the bone, as others have mentioned. Not spicy.
- Jerk chicken: As Christine (who took our order) stated, if you have to ask how spicy it is, you probably shouldn't order it ;) Too spicy for us, but they kindly poured gravy over it to lessen the heat.
- Mac & cheese: Flavorful. Kiddo enjoyed it.
- Seasoned cabbage: Lightly seasoned, with thinly sliced carrots
- Rice & beans: Didn't taste this one, but seemed good
We will definitely become regulars here!Co-worker said they were going to get something from Irie. I said count me in. On occasion I would go but it's always busy. Got a small oxtail platter. It lit up the whole office. I'm still smacking my lips. I call myself a Caribbean food snob. Not every restaurant meets the gold standard. But this food...has such flavor! Tender oxtails, seasoned carrots, delicious cabbage. Check it out for yourself you won't be disappointed.Nasty. The Mac n cheese taste like water, they give little meat, cabbage tasted old and dry!  First and last time visiting this establishment!Had oxtails. Sauce was flavorful. Meaty. Rice and peas perfect with gravy. Yams very sweet and gooey. The beef patty was a little hard and dry. Finished off with a cola champagne soda. My fave. Had take out. Portions large. Had medium. Had food leftover.I'm a Chinese from mainland China and there are tons of ways to cook chicken in China. But, I'd say Jerk chicken is the top chicken I've had in my life and it's better than all the chickens we made in China. I've been trying jerk Chickens from all over NJ. But Irie is the best!They have great and healthy food here. It is authentic and unique especially to the neighborhood. They have a small lunch special that is ran all day for $7 but is limited to certain meat/ poultry options. The small platter is $10 and it comes with 2 sides and a meat.Good food. Generous portions. Thursday early afternoon, constant flow of customers. Limited seating and no a.c. Mostly take-out.Food here is so good. Home cooked style Jamaican Man. Lol. The jerk chicken, white rice, fried plantains ad collard greens are my favorite. 
The beef patties are great too!
Metered parking or free parking on numbered streets. They also do lunch specials for $6.49 from 12 noon till 8pm. Lol. It is a certain selection for the special. I get the small platter for $9 and change and it's enough for 2 people to eat. Go try this new local fav. It's worth the hmmm hmm goodness.I went here two days in a row, so far so good, like really effing good.  A $7 special gets you plenty of fall of the bone meat and 2 sides- rice/peas and Mac n cheese are on point.  If you're looking for a little variety from your prototypical gentrified sandwich and bar joints *cough* RyBrew and *cough* Spot Burger, check out the sassy Jamaican ladies just past 27th making great, authentic food.I have one word for their oxtails: AMAZING!!! The oxtails were so good, I was mad when it was only one left lol. Rice & peas and cabbage were a good compliment to the oxtail platters. They were nice & courteous on the phone. I had issues ordering on Grubhub but I called Irie and they were very helpful. I was very impressed until I opened the container for yams  I was instantly turned off! It was a whole yam, not cut up, no sugar, just a yam. I was expecting candies yams & I got a big ass yam that wasn't even tender. I'm Jamaican & I love to support my people, the establishment is great, good customer service but y'all needs to work on your yams. I will be back for them oxtails thoI live in Brewerytown and always looking for vegan options...scarce in Brewerytown. Today I had rice & beans, green beans, seasoned cabbage & collards prepared without meat! It was satisfying. Would love to see more Jamacian vegan dishes like chickpea curry stew or plantains.Listennnnnnnn... BEST.. and I mean BEST jerk chicken I've ever had. I love Caribbean food so I've tried many places.. this jerk chicken was hands down the best I've ever had. Rice and peas was bomb, and the mac n' cheese was super good too. Huge helping for a fantastic price! Super sweet people and made me feel very, very welcome! Definitely will be backAmazing and tender jerk chicken that falls off the bone! Delicious sides for a great price and great service!Jamaican food devours comes from Erie's Jamaican food  restaurant in Brewerytown. I admire this restaurant very much especially during this time of Quarantine. The cuisine is very the service is very effective. The price is modest and affordable.  I would definitely recommend this establishment! While here, I order the fried whiting with cabbage  and white rice  with jerk ox tail sauce. I also got the stewed Ox tails with jerk gravy/sauce with white rice  and cabbage . The taste was absolutely phenomenal  definitely gonna be my fried Frisch spot for the summer!  If your ever in Brewerytown and you want some bomb ass Jamaican good?!? Slide through Erie's Jamaican restaurant and tell them Shimmy Irie sent you!  #philadelphia #philly #wonton #shrimp #squid #water #bochoy #seasoning #food #phó #foodporn #foodstagram #foodie #foodbloggerDecision made; Go ahead and stop by. We were in town for the Roots Picnic (shout out!), and staying with a friend near by. Grabbed some food otw to the festivities and couldn't be happier. Living in Brooklyn, I'm skeptical of Jamaican spots bc they are a dime a dozen and usually 2 great hits for every 5-6 *meh* misses. this is a HIT. Friendly service and fresh food (so fresh you could see the big silver Caribbean grandma pots on the stove behind the cashier; don't say this ever if you're not from the Caribbean, but I digress). This is your average looking spot with an order window and standard dishes (jerk, curry, brown stew). However, I'd use "f*cking delish and packed with flavor" to describe their food. Also, huge portions (and we got the $7 lunch special, which I thought would be tiny). I got jerk chicken, beau got curry. Both impressive. We dined in but it's not really "that" kinda place. It doesn't need to be. They've got banging food..that's all you needSince I moved to Philly it's been such a hassle finding good food & good service. This will always be me go to spot for food. They have never failed me ! Get the stew chicken and don't forget the rice &peas  and mac&cheese.Wow that oxtail is phenomenal. Seriously, it's amazing. Jerk chicken is also super flavorful, and if you ask for it spicy it will actually be deliciously hot. Seasoned cabbage was so incredible, it really exceeded my expectations. Mac and cheese is cheesy, rich, and goes so well with the jerk. Rice and peas was also off the charts. Collard greens were good, same with the yams. Portion sizes and authentic flavor make Irie a great value. I'll be coming back to try the curry goat and snapper, but idk if I'll be able to resist ordering more oxtail.This has to be some of the best Jamaican cuisine I've ever tasted. It's just all yummy. Nothing disappoints! And the customer service is always in point soon as I walk in. There's no attitudes, you feel welcome and not rushed! I love it here !Not bad for a $7 special, super amazing taste and quality for my friend. He told me to write nonsense but this food is no nonsense! ;)Heard about this spot from a friend and decided to try it!!! It never disappoints!! I've brought friends that have never tried Jamaican food and they love it too!! The dining room is closed because of COVID, but that's quite alright. The food is still nice and hot by the time I get home. Will continue trying other things on the menu!!Just go if your thinking just go I travel a lot I'm a chef and I love food believe me when I tell you. He cooks with love thats why the restaurant looks the way it does. He knows what he does well and that's cook he don't care bout the looks and I love that. Oxtails tender curry goat most tender I've had here and in Jamaica. Rice was actually flavorful so we're the yams and cabbage . But look the Mac and cheese didn't disappoint either looks dark but it's not over cooked good quality cheese little s&p and you ready to go! Enjoy it it's a gem in our city full of food dreams!This was my first time getting over to Irie. This place really surprised me. In truth, I've been really looking for a Jamaican restaurant that would knock my socks off. While this place didn't knock them off, my socks felt a little loose after eating here lol. I'll say that the place smelled like raw meat to me when I walked in which kind of turned my stomach and the inside wasn't a place I could see myself sitting down to eat. Luckily my husband and I were already prepared to carryout. We wanted to try our "go-to" Jamaican basic orders to determine if we could see ourselves coming back. I ordered a medium jerk chicken platter with mac and cheese and greens as my sides and my husband ordered curry chicken with mac and greens on the side. We both felt the dishes were good. In retrospect, i was asked if I wanted the chicken to be spicy and I declined. Then I was asked if I wanted a "gravy" on my jerk chicken to . I'm realizing that it was gravy from the oxtails which...may not have been the best choice for someone who has not had red meat in more than 10 years. I wasn't sick but just thought I'd mention. Overall, this was a good experience for us. Thanks Irie!I have a soft spot in my soul for Jamaican food. 
I ordered the oxtail with collard greens and some Mac n cheese. Usually, I go for rice instead of the Mac, but I heard this Mac n cheese was the bid-ness! And, it was.
Aesthetically, the shop could use some work. It's not Instagram-able, but it's a mom and pops shop with comfort food so it gets a pass. 
My lady PACKED my plate, and I'll be forever thankful. I was full probably halfway through eating, but I finished every last bite. 
The oxtail is juicy and super flavorful. 
If I lived around here, it'd be a wrap.Hands down, the best Jamaican food in Brewerytown. Oxtails, Mac, Jerk, everything be hitting.Mac and cheese not good. No, just nooooo. Oddly sweet and bland. And mushy. Yuckamunga.Only bc auntie wrote my order on the container and still gave me Mac and cheese when I asked for yams. Lol I wasn't upset tho because the Mac and cheese was so GOODT! I had it with yellow rice and fried whiting. 
Definitely want to come back, there are a few more things I have to try b4 I commit to them lmaoooooWhy have I not eaten here before? 
As a qualification, I've Been all over the Caribbean and frequented Jamaica for years. Been to Jamaican joints all over the city and suburbs of Philadelphia. Love Jamaican food.
Ordered a large jerk chicken with rice and peas and seasoned cabbage, A large ox tail with rice and peas and collards, And a large curry goat with green beans and collards. Everything was spot on and delicious
The jerk chicken just displaced my old favorite spot and is now in my opinion the best in Philly. Five minutes before getting there to pick it up I remembered to call and ask for a spicy and I'm so glad I did. The sweet tangy spicy flavor of scotch bonnet was pervasive and the chicken was absolutely delicious.  I swear I could almost taste pimento smoke. Maybe it was just the authenticity bringing me to a place where memories of smoking pimento wood crossed through my brain barrier to my taste buds...or could they actually do it 100% right in Philly?. Generous portion and lots of gravy on the rice and peas. Bonus. Seasoned cabbage also really yummy
The ox tail was the perfect tenderness. Really delicious too. Also lots of gravy on the rice and peas and the collards on the side we're not dumbed down and had just enough bitterness and natural flavor to really be enjoyable.
And the curry goat. Wow. Bursting with flavor. Super juicy. Tender. Love that it spilled over since the portion was so huge and got good juices into the green beans and collard's to give them an extra special kick and that wonderful Goatey punch. 
We will be going back and trying everything on the menu. After what we've sampled so far I highly doubt anything is less than excellent.
Thanks for bringing it real and making me miss the island.Delicious!!!
Spicy and so flavorful. Also plentiful! 
My fiancé and I just ordered takeout and not only did it arrive hot and on time, but it was so good! He got curried goat and I got jerk chicken. Both were falling off the bones. The cabbage and string beans are also really good and slightly spicy. We were really pleasantly surprised by just how tasty this delivery food was!You get a lot of food for your money. But the brown stewed chicken was overly salty without other flavors.  The cabbage and yams were ok. Nothing special.Delicious! I order the special brown stew chicken with rice and Mac and cheese! The chicken was falling off the bone! The seasoning was very good tasted like true jamaican flavors, the rice was a little on the salter end but nothing unbearable! The Mac and cheese was great I like mine a little more baked but that's personal preference. This is a great local mom and pop store!So I researched on Yelp best Jamaican spots an this place had 4 stars mostly good reviews. I drive from west philly to pickup hubby a platter I got the large Oxtail Mac n cheese an greens. An my hubby say bae where did you get this food ? I said on girard, he said this is one of the worst platters I've ever had. He said the Oxtails are OK but the mac is dry as hell an no cheese an everything but the mac taste peppery. I paid 15.00 an it was a first an last time visit. If bae ain't happy neither am I