Hike searching the area around a family function to get some lunch I stumbled upon Isot and was intrigued.   We arrived and were instantly greeted very warmly by the staff.   The decor is lovely and welcoming and we pursued the menu.  
The menu is varied - things we knew and things that were new.  We decided to shake it up a bit and try some items we were unfamiliar with.  Service was fast, the food was fresh and delicious - we were not disappointed!   The right amount of spice, warm and cool.   What a wonderful lunch!  And the Turkish coffee is heaven.   
I would highly recommend Isot for lunch or dinner - please move out of your comfort zone and try something new.   You will be glad you did and once here, Isot will become a favorite!As someone who grew up in Turkey I am obsessed with this place! It's so authentic and delicious I urge everyone to try it. For every special occasion my family has gone to Isot! The Adana kebab is a must if you like spicy food. And the lamb chops are magnificent. The owner is super friendly and accommodatingVery nice environment. Mixed grill was delicious. Kunafa is worth to try. Service is nice. Would definitely go back again if happened to be in philly.Food was great nice experience. Had the isot platter for 4ppl everyone enjoyed it. Price was reasonable too!We had a group of 4 for dinner on Friday night at 6pm. The reservations were made online and when we arrived, we were seated immediately. The ambiance inside the restaurant was really nice, modern but rustic at the same time. We asked questions about the menu (our first time at a Turkish restaurant) and the staff were very happy to satisfy our inquiries. The restaurant is BYOB, so we brought wine and beer, and glasses were provided for us as we sat down.
The food was absolutely fantastic. We had the Turkish dumplings (delightful!) as well as the appetizer sampler plate that came with eggplant, potatoes, yogurt, and hummus (all made in house). The pita that the sampler plate came with was nice and toasty (and we asked for more pita as we ate our meal and the staff were happy to bring us more). We also ordered the Isot special platter as our main entre ($75, serves 4 people). The meat was cooked to perfection, the lamb chops were juicy and done just right. There were sides of rice, veggies, salad, and sauce to go along with the platters as well. We had plenty of food left over, which I took home for the next day. Throughout our meal members of the staff as well as the chef himself came to speak to us and to ask us about how we were liking the food. The whole experience was very genuine, and we could not be happier with the food!
For an amazing meal with a lot of delicious food (more than we could finish), each of us only spent $33 (which includes tax and tip!)! What great value for truly unique flavors and well-prepared meats! This place is also BYOB so you save on that. Would definitely recommend this restaurant, we will be coming back for sure!I have been in Philly for quite a bit of time 43 years to be exact i have seen them come and go. My family was greeted and seated properly under a loud speaker nothing wrong with the music but loud, so i ask if they had doner / gyro  " no" a lot of excuses, ask if they had Liver (arnaut ciger) a specialty " No " . So for starters we had a salad tasteless, icli kofte very small portions, oh we ordered Cig kofte oops forgot to put it in.for our main meal Kofte (Turkish grilled meatballs) for my daughter Lamb Kebab for my wife and a mix grill for myself. Well presentation was great for all of the above, lets see meatballs were over cooked on the well done side small sizes takes 2 min. to cook,Lamb kebab was over done for my taste right oh ye did not ask how we wanted it done. In between our meal, there were some noises came from kitchen got louder manager and the cook or chef were arguing, very obvious my daughter was making fun of it, very entertaining for all of us. Ok dinner is finished dessert time, rice pudding no rice, here's the best part no BAKLAVA !!! " but we have Tiramisu". The reason i am writing this is i called the manager about all this he did not want to here but give excuse. Sorry guys but i will not recommend this place.Honestly, I'm a bit surprised about all the 5 star reviews. The atmosphere was great, our server was a sweetheart who checked on us frequently, but the food... Meh. 
We got a shrimp appetizer that was pretty good. The shrimp were cooked to perfection (thoroughly cooked, but still had that crunch) and the sauce was pretty tasty. No complaints about the dish, but it was like $12 for a little bowl of cooked shrimp in sauce. 
Also got chicken, lamb and beef kabobs, along with some grilled veggies. I was really looking forward to some kabobs and these were a bummer. They were all very overcooked. I can see the chicken being cooked well, but grilling beef and lamb until it is black, hard and dry is definitely not what I'd expect from a restaurant. We ate it, but it certainly wasn't enjoyable. 
Maybe I'm ordering the wrong thing here, I don't know. But kabobs are a Turkish staple and with a number of similar places close by that make it better and for less $$, I'm not in a rush to come back and try the rest of the menu. 
Overall, if you want Mediterranean/Middle Eastern style food and care more about ambiance than food, then I guess you'll be fine. 
Sorry, Isot. I really wanted to like you.I am a picky/spoiled eater. On top of that I eat Paleo. It is extremely difficult to find a restaurant that would deliver great quality food that is also healthy, even in a city as big as Philadelphia. I have decided to try Isot's food after reading many great reviews on various sites. Indeed - the food is exquisite, very fresh, very tasty, very well presented. The customer service is equally great, and the decor of the restaurant and its ambiance will transfer you to the Mediterranean in no time! This place is worth your time and money. I highly recommend it.I wish I had a bigger belly! The meal was really awesome!! I ordered the Tender Calamari and Mixed Plate for two people. The calamari was slightly fried, it was cooked perfectly! The Mixed Plate was a highlight. It was full of flavor with every bite especially chicken, tender and juicy. The waitress was attentive and lovely. Can't wait to go back again!Isot is one of the best Turkish restaurants on the East coast. Loved the mantı and gavur dagi salad. Acılı ezme and cig kofte were amazing. Pacanga borek was a bit oily but still good. Baklava was spectacular.. it was truly a 5 star experience.I usually do not give 5 start ratings, but Isot is close to it. After four visits, I would give it, if I could, a 4.5 or 4.75. It is a wonderful neighborhood place and serves as an oasis from the South Street tourist attractions. It is primarily a Turkish restaurant but they have dishes from the Mediterranean area. It is a BYOB.
Ambiance: a long, narrow room in front that opens up in the back. It is well decorated with simple touches but shows that someone knows how to and cares.
Service: whether you are chatting with Fatih, the manager, or the wonderful servers, you will be given a gracious welcome. The servers know the menu and food and give you the ingredients and the descriptions, they are patient, they are efficient, and they are very hospitable.
Food: we have eaten Turkish food at various restaurants throughout the city, and the food here is delicious. We have had their cold starters- isot kofte/haydari; salads- watermelon feta salad, Mediterranean salad; warm starters- hot hummus with walnuts, manti(small dumplings with ground beef/lamb filling with yogurt and olive oil (red pepper/mint). We also tasted their calamari and dipping sauce. All of the starters are fresh, tasty and well prepared. The manti are one of my favorite dishes.
We tried the shrimp umburger, which was good but the seafood casserole was really good. Lot of flavors hit your palate. We ordered the mixed plate on our last visit and it was sensational. Maybe a tad overpriced but it had grilled chicken, grilled beef kabob, lamb chops,  kofte (small beef patties) with bulgur and red onion salad.
Desserts: save some room for dessert. They have the best baklava in town,  moist, sweet but not too sweet, nutty and very satisfying. They have other desserts as well, like pistachio rolls.
The baklava was not delivered while we lunched but arrived as we were leaving. Fatih gave a complimentary baklava to each couple. Nice touch.
If you have a problem or something is not just right, mention it. They do respond in a positive manner.
Lunch only on Saturday and Sunday. Dinner starts at four every day.The best manti in Philly.  Fresh, warm simit.  The best olives I've had in Philly.  Kaymak.  Beyaz peynir.  Tea in proper Turkish vessels.  A full Turkish breakfast.  Modern decor; think more Mediterranean/Aegean western Turkey versus the more "Middle East" eastern style you typically find in kebab-focused spots.  
These are all GREAT things. So refreshing to see and a reason this will probably be the only Turkish restaurant in Philly my Istanbul-raised girlfriend and I will return to.
So why not 5 stars?  As I've unfortunately seen in other Turkish places here there were screaming kids running around throughout the meal.  Kids from someone working at/owning the place.  While I know this is the norm in many places IN Turkey it's not exactly the most inviting thing for people who have a choice between walking in your doors or one of the 3-4 others within sight of yours, or for those who are trying to enjoy a nice quiet brunch on a weekend morning now is it?Delicious food, nice atmosphere. One or two outdoor tables but we sat inside. Byob, with a liquor store about two blocks away on south st. We had a blast.Isot was such an amazing experience! The foot was amazing and the service was the best. I can't wait to go back here.I'm a fan of middle eastern foods so Isot was definitely a place that made sense to try. While some of the offerings I've had in other middle eastern or Mediterranean restaurants there were some things that were new to me and maybe specifically Turkish.
The atmosphere is very quaint and simple. I dined in the late evening and lighting was low and there wasn't much of a crowd by this time. Good atmosphere for conversation if u are looking to catch up with a friend or date. 
We started with the Mixed Meze which is a sample platter of most of the cold starters on the menu.  This is what I love about middle eastern food! "Dips" with warm pita bread! There were some new ones I tried at Isot and all were very good. The size of the mixed Meze was perfect for two people or one if you are making that your meal. Any more in your party and you may need to order two or the individual starters. 
The vegetarian offerings are mostly in the starter section but they do offer one vegetarian entree and salads. I chose the Gavur Dagi salad which was huge and very fresh and flavorful. I also ordered the mixed vegetable borek. This had two pieces and we each had one. My friend is a meat eater and he ordered the lamb chops. He said the flavor was great.  I also tasted his rice and veggies that came with the entree. Overall the food was fresh, clean, and tasty. 
When we got the check we were surprised how much food we ate for the price. Granted we had water with dinner and they gave us a complimentary piece of baklava but still a relatively inexpensive meal for dining out in Philly. This place is BYOB btw.Isot was great. We went there on a Monday night. Tried Ali Nazik as an appetizer , enjoyed every bit of it. Creamy yogurt with eggplant and chunks of lamb with grilled pita---great combo. The bread was home made and was delicious. Ordered the mixed meat platter which was enough for the two of us. And it was great as well. Kabobs were super juicy , veggies were fresh. The server suggested that we should try their Kunaffeh with Turkish tea which we did and that was a good decision. Had to wait for 25 minutes for Kunaffeh as they make it fresh. The décor was modern, lighting was romantic and wasn't too dark. The service was quick , def would be coming back with friends.This place is awesome. I`m not very familiar with Turkish food, but our waiter was very sweet and did a great job helping us making the orders. We had Manti for appetizer, lamb kebabs and grilled bronzini for entrees. They are all extremely delicious and the portions are huge. The grilled bronzini is probably the best grilled fish i`ve ever had in my life!!! Very fresh, perfect amount of seasoning for flavor, and perfectly grilled, just right amount of grilling done to make the skin a little scrispy and the meet part juicy!! The lamb kebab is also very awesome! Definitely very well made and the meet tasted very fresh! It was my first time having Manti, but i quickly fall in love with the dish, it's soft little dumplings in a yogurt based sause, yummy! This place is BYOB which i didn't realize until we got here. Definitely coming back, with a bottle of course!Amazing customer service - they were closing & still welcomed us. We had the gavur dagi salad & chicken kebab. Both were fantastic. Fresh ingredients.It's not easy to find a place in Philly that serves excellent kebabs, but I believe I have found one. I came here with a good friend on a Monday night, and it was pretty quiet in the restaurant. It's not a huge place, but it has a very open and nicely decorated layout, which can be good for a dinner gathering with friends or a date. The atmosphere is classy, yet casual, and the pricing is reasonable. 
The Isot Kofte was ok - but that may be because it was my first time trying this kind of kofte and the flavor seems like an acquired taste. However, the Adana Kebab was delicious - grilled tender and flavorful skewers of ground beef and lamb, finished with a nice char, and nicely balanced with generous sides of bulgur and vegetables. I was full AND didn't feel terrible after my meal, which is a rare event. For dessert, I highly recommend their baklava, which is very fresh and well-made. The service was a bit clunky when I was there, but the food more than made up for it. I definitely want to go back to try some of their other dishes.I was visiting Philly and craving some home-food. This place is one of the rare, authentic-tasting Turkish restaurants in US. Manti and gavurdagi salad are must-have. Acili ezme tasted great though it might feel a bit hot if you are not too used to it. Finish off your dinner with some homemade baklava, absolutely delicious. Also our server (Yavuz) was very friendly!HOW TO ENJOY THIS RESTAURANT:
As a person from Turkey, I need my dose of Turkish food... This is the place that makes my cravings disappear! We all know that when many of international cuisines enters the US market, they loose their authenticity and try to "Americanize".. All I can say: the food really tastes like in Turkey! (Well, almost... the ingredients are not from Turkey so nobody can expect exactly the same -but- this is as good as i could get..).
Coming to the suggestions; I would recommend ordering lots of small plates instead of taking individual main courses. Just go through the experience, share plates and taste more! As this is a BYOB restaurant, you can typically bring a bottle of your favorite wine. However, if you really want to go through a Turkish style dinner that involves alcohol, go buy yourself a bottle of Turkish Raki or a bottle of Greek Ouzo . I m sure some of the Turkish waitresses can help you on how to properly drink it but it simply involves 2 glasses, one containing just cold water and the other glass is usually 1/3 the spirit and rest cold water which turns the clear drink into white magic! ;) Since you have variety of foods on the table that everyone shares, just take a sip from the raki/ouzo, then wash it with the water and then take a piece from any of the plates and repeat this activity as frequently as you wish between your deep conversations with friends and family.. 
My favorite combo for 3/4 people to share is as follows: 
-Starters: Cig Kofte, Haydari, Abugannush, Mediterranean Salad
-Hot Starter: Pick two: Pacanga Borek / Ali Nazik / Icli Kofte 
-Main Course: Pick one: Coban Kavurma / Mix Plate
-Dessert: Turkish tea or turkish coffee with some Baklava (optional)
Depending on your level of hunger of course a second main course plate could be ordered or vice versa a hot starter could be deleted. It's up to you and how much raki and time you got! :) 
I hope this helps Philly people to discover and taste what Turkish food is like. My only reason not giving a full 5 start is because of the price level. As a student, the prices are a bit above my budget and I think at least a discount on students would be a great opportunity for many young foodies out there to discover a delicious place like Isot.A secret gem!  Kelsey was a wonderful waitress with our FIVE kids we hauled along with us.  The food is great and BYO.  Make a reservation for groups with kids though, there are only a few high chairs and it gets crowded!If you pass by Philadelphia, this is a must try!
From the starter to the desserts  "phenomenal" 
Friendly and sweet staff!The best Turkish cuisine in Philadelphia.  The mixed plate was excellent and a the meat was prepared to perfection (soft, tender, and juicy). My wife, who doesn't like lamb enjoyed the lamb chops!  The Adana Kabab was flavorful and spicy.  The free appetizer was also great!  The baklava is not as sweet or heavy as other places..makes it a great combo with their tea.
Need to find out if they do their dishes iskendar style and whether they also have doner kabob.  If they can do this then I'd be even more happy!Great meal! Food was on point. Service from Yavuz was fast and beyond amazing.  Definitely would come back.This is one of the best restaurant in Philly. You should definitely come and visit this place for unique taste, super service, delicious foods and friendly environment. Highly recommend it for this place for dinner. Come on in and enjoy middle eastern hospitality.This place has the nicest service I have ever experienced! The hostess was so sweet, our waiter checked on us appropriate amounts of times and made sure our water was always filled, and even the chef came out to each table to ask how the meals were. You felt extremely welcome, almost as if you were eating in someone else's home. The food was also amazing! Tons of spices. And the chef kept sending out on the house items including two specialty Turkish drinks and a cous-cous appetizer. 
Definitely recommend their hummus. And as for entrees any of theirs are delicious! It may appear pricey but if you add in the fact it is BYOB (with no additional cork fee), it's definitely worth it!First time in Philly and I'm so glad I spent my last night here! Amazing food, great atmosphere, and Alexandra answered all our questions.This place is an easy 5 stars. Our millennial waitress Gavi immediately put us at ease with an incredible litany of specials. After much careful consideration and consultation, I had to go with the seafood cheese casserole thing (sounds insane but much like paneer, it 'just works'), even though I'm mad for branzino.
My better half had the mixed platter and, along with a couple delicious apps, these were a very encouraging introduction to Turkish food in general and definitely one of our new favorite South Philly restaurants.Had very high expectations due to the yelp reviews, however was extremely disappointed with the quality of food that was served to our group. 
-Adana was bland with no flavor and  was cold and the meat seamed processed. 
- calamari was tough and extremely small
-vegetarian borek was frozen inside. Apparently it was not freshly made 
- we were charged for Pita which should have been part of the meal. 
-chicken kebab was extremely dry and lacked marination. 
-baklava was not homemade. It would have helped to have it heated to give it a fresh taste 
-manti was mediocre, and cold. 
- Turkish tea was luke warm. Turkish coffee was not prepared properly. It lacked the slight froth that Turkish coffee is well known for. 
On a positive note ,the Owner was very nice and the atmosphere is charming. It's unfortunate that the food lacked In so many areas. Hopefully this review will assist in making the appropriate adjustments.Great food with a unexpected kick.  Jalapeño peppers used on the kebabs.  Definitely get the Mixed Sampler cold appetizer to try everything.  We came during their soft opening so we are excited to see how they evolveEverything from the service to the food to the price point was awesome. Perfect for an upscale casual meal.  Note - It's a BYO!
It's been hard to find a nicer Mediterranean restaurant that actually has good food and top-notch service, until Isot!
Food:
We were a group of 4 and shared the cold meze platter per waitress's recommendation. It had yummy scoops of multiple different dips, including hummus (of course), a thick yogurt dill dip, some marinated vegetable mixture, and a spicy/ tangy vegetable one. Came with some of the fluffiest warm pita bread I've ever had.
Entrees we ordered included chicken kabob plate, beef kabob plate, and scallops. The chicken was perfectly cooked and moist, served with a flavorful salad and some warm grain (bulgar? I forgot. It was delicious). Everyone loved their food, and the portions were good sized. 
Service:
Out waitress was just cool, for starters, Nose ring, artistic haircut, super smiley and took fantastic care of us. Timing of her check-ins were also impressive; I felt like I was in capable hands. 
Ambiance:
Quiet, clean, simple but fresh. It's a small space but did not feel cramped.Chef stopped by our table to check us out. They brought complimentary delicious appetizer samples. The appetizers and food is EXACTLY like the ones you can get in Turkey. So if you want to try Turkish food, you don't need to go there. Just come to this restaurant. You won't regret. Great music and great service also.Very good food.  Very courteous staff.  BYOB is always a plus.  The decor is a little confusing in the back of the restaurant, but the front is gorgeous.  Definitely a great addition to the little restaurant corner they have going at 6th and bainbridge.  Would definitely return.This place is one of the best turkish restaurants I have eaten in. Good service and the food is just amazing.
I tried the mix cold appetizers,  icli kofte  and lamb kabab, they were so delicious.Nice restaurant! Nice service! Nice food! It was the first time I had Turkish food and it was awesome! Th atmosphere is wonderful and the food is great! Highly recommend to come here with friends!It was OK. We went at a Saturday night and other than the big party happening in the private space, it was dead. We were hoping for a livelier atmosphere- we were alone most of the night in the front room, which felt very big and empty. The service was great, but right off the bat one weird thing was that the water was sold to us in plastic bottles. I wondered why we couldn't just get a regular glass of water? Food-wise, the mezze mixed plate was a tasty start, and the spinach and feta borek was fine- but small, like tiny fried spring roll tubes. Entrees (chicken kabob and chicken cutlet) were good, but nothing too special. 
If you want a very quiet dinner spot, head here, but if you want to be around other people it's not the place to be.  Honestly I would have no problem giving Isot a better review if there was just a bit more energy to be found here.Everything was great here. The food, the service. I especially liked the hummus, abugganush, and the kebabs. Oh and of course the baklava! They accommodated me and my boozey friends very well.My husband and I tried Isot a few month after noticing the sign outside and reading great reviews online. I love the decor of the restaurant, very modern and clean. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The menu had many delicious options so we opted for two options that gave us a mix of many. We started with the mixed mezza which came with 6 different dips and delicious warm pita. They were all very tasty and we were not disappointed. We also ordered the manti which are very small Turkish dumplings filled with meat. It was very unique, but I think could have benefited from some more salt of flavor. As an entree we shared the mixed plate. All the meats were nicely grilled, but the lamb chop and the Kasap kofte were our favorite. The food was very tasty, it was easy to get a weekend reservation and the bonus is it is a BYO.I called on a Saturday evening to see if we needed a reservation and they said absolutely and it appeared that getting us in a 8pm would be tough but they'd squeeze me in. Imagine my surprise when we get to Isot and there were at least 5 empty tables! Hmmmm..... that was a strange start.
Then the waiter/host seats us at ... the table right by the ladies room. Not only is it by the ladies room.... but you can actually see into the bathroom every time the door opens. Really?! Either there shouldn't be a table there ... or only seat your guests there as a last resort. Anyway, we asked to move to a table in the middle of the dining area instead.
Food is fine. I would say it's basic and good but nothing amazing. Nice that it's BYOB! 
Service was poor. I'm not sure if they were short-handed but they the staff could barely handle the situation. Tables were complaining about how long it was taking to get their food. One gentleman said he waited over 1/2 an hour for his entree.... and when it arrived it was cold. I think they need to work on their systems or hire a few more folks.
That all said, prices are fair so if you are looking for basic middle eastern and you're not in a hurry this is a good value.Affordable and delicious.  Mixed meze, mixed plate, and cheese based desert were awesome!We walked by with our dogs, and got a menu from the hostess saying they have new special menu. We decided to give it a try since they have tables setter up outside. We ordered the vegetarian wrap and chicken wrap. Hey, It's a wrap, who would have thought they are so out of ordinary and so delicious. I'm surprised by the herb and seasoning that they put on the wrap. The best wrap I've ever had. They put onion, green peppers, eggplant, zucchini, broccoli, and cauliflower into the wrap, all these ingredients makes the wrap so juicy, plus the spicy power makes it more special. We also ordered a side of fried calamari. We later found out from the waitress that it was the first time the kitchen serve wrap since their grand opening one month ago. I hope they will keep this quality and standard. Overall it's an excellent experience. Will definitely come back and try the whole menu.The service was second to none. Servers were extremely attentive not even allowing a water glass to go empty. Every dish we ordered delicious. Especially loved the hot hummus. BYOB doesn't break the bank.This is the best Turkish restaurant I have ever eaten ! It is a shame that they don't have another brunch in New York! My two other friends and I went for dinner and we ate kofte, manti, shrimp, salad and as a desert kunefe you should definitely try it taste like right you are eating in Turkey. I am still having dreams about the food there and telling literally all my Turkish friends to go there it is so sad that you are located in Philly! There was a male server named Yavuz as I remember he is just upscale he literally made us feel like we are home so friendly nice and kind. Turkish food is great but Isot was total another experience for us!! Thank you for being such a great experience!!Great restaurant in Queen Village. The restaurant was very colorful. The servers were very friendly. Nice perk it is a BYOB so we have a great bottle of wine to compliment  the Mixed Plate we ordered with dinner. The mixed plate came with a combination of beef and lamb kofte, beef kebab, chicken cutlet, and lamb chops. Served with bulgur  and antep salad and onion parsley salad. We will definitely go backSimply put, Isot is awesome.
First, BYOB (duh). Second, their food is out of this world. We had the calamari which was quite good but probably my least favorite thing we ordered. The Shrimp Umburger and the Lamb Kabobs were out of this world. 
Service was also great.
Points for: BYOB, Service, Shrimp Umburger and Lamb Kabobs
No negatives.We went to this place last night. Great staff and foods. I highly recommended "Adana Kebap". If you like Turkish and Mediterrian cuisine don't miss. 
For Turkish users:
Eger ki caniniz Turk yemekleri cekiyorsa guzel bir alternatif. Mercimek corbasi, mezeler, borekler ve kebap secenekleri memnuniyet verici. Mekanda icki satilmiyor ama disaridan istediginiz ickiyi getirebiliyorsunuz.The best Turkish branch I had so far, thanks to lovely smiley waitress.
Prices was reasonable 
Parking is issueWith a party of seven we split the Mixed Meze cold starter which was delicious- a good sampler plate. We also liked the Cig Kofte - which was spicy and flavorful.  we then split the Manti Turkish dumplings and the Ali Nazik sautéed lamb and grilled eggplant.  Yum!  For dinner we split a Mix Plate of lamb chops, beef kabob, lamb kabob, chicken cutlet and Kasap kofte along with the Mediterranean salad.  Okay - we were all too stuffed for dessert.  The restaurant was clean, service excellent, prices fair.  We enjoyed ourselves and had fun watching other parties celebrate time together.  Very nice!  You should try it.The food was great. Got the chicken kebab. Definitely recommend the Cold Mezze sampler as well. Only complaint was sitting by the door. It got really cold at the end as the door was being opened a lot.The food is amazing here!  The food was great and the baklava was authentically Turkish! The service was top notch.  Romeo took good care of us and had the best personality.  Thank you Romeo for making my sister a bday extra special.Just tried this new somewhat hidden gem in our neighborhood (Bella Vista) last night. Upon walking in, I was pleasantly surprised by the beautiful decor. It is perfectly cozy with an upscale twist. We began with the warm hummus topped with walnuts, a mezze platter which included cold hummus, an eggplant and tomato mixture, a spicy tomato mixture, a yogurt sauce, Russian potato salad and another vegetable mixture that had a hot kick to them. We also tried the Pacagna Borek that was insanely delicious. 
We had the special Branzino that was literally to die for. It should be put on the menu. The fish was cooked perfectly and the lemony flavors were perfectly complimentary without being over powering. The side vegetables of broccoli and cauliflower were amazing, my only complaint was that I didn't want it to end! The side salad was also super tasty. The deserts were incredible- some of the best Turkish desserts I've tried. 
I am so glad that we came in to try Isot! It was such an awesome treat and was absolutely delicious. Very friendly staff. The owner has a lot of history to his story and his background shows in his food! I can't wait to go back :-)Dinner at Isot was awesome. 
We had a party of 9; on Saturday night 10/1. We had a reservation and the service was great from the minute we walked in. We were given a choice of a table downstairs; or one upstairs. We chose a table upstairs since this was a family dinner, and I suspect we were going to get kind of loud and being upstairs worked out perfectly. 
As stated before Isot is a BYOB we brought wine with us, that was happily served and no corkage was charged. 
The service was amazing. I feel bad that we had to make our server keep having to go up and down the stairs. That said though, she was great. She was constantly checking in on us to make sure we were good; refilling drinks, and she made some amazing recommendations on the food. 
We had the Mixed Mezze and Calamari as starters. All of the dips on the Mixed Mezze plate were amazing. It would be hard to pick a favorite. The Russian Salad was something I had not tried before; it was really good. 
For dinner we had lamb, Adana Kebabs, Chicken Kebabs and Kofte- all Amazing. 
We also had the Baklava and another dessert (I cannot recall the name, it is a warm dessert that must be ordered about 15 minutes before it is served- our server recommended it and did not steer us wrong). 
Overall a fantastic dinner; great food; great service; and between being a BYO and a reasonably priced restaurant; not a huge sting to the wallet.We went last night for a last minute dinner out.  Service was acceptable, atmosphere bland with overly loud Turkish music.  We enjoyed the hummus, pita and salad well enough.  The seafood casserole was close to worthless: minimally seasoned, loads of rubbery cheese and possibly canned mushrooms for 24.5 bucks.  They were out of two of the more interesting entrees.  Sorry, I would not go again.GREAT meal. The BYOB is so nice, especially for us New York City-ers. We got the Meze appetizer and the mixed plate and split it between the 2 of us. Definitely enough food. And so tasty!  Our waitress wasn't great, but the atmosphere and the food more than made up for it. All-in-all a great spot just off the crazy South Street strip.We love this place!  Great prices, delicious food, super friendly and professional staff.  And it's BYOB!  What more could you want?I figured this place would be great based on the Yelp rating. Went here around 8 pm on a Saturday night (party of 2) and they had barely any staff for the night so that should've been a red flag off the bat. 
We were seated and given silverware but no napkins and no water. It took a while for anyone to come over to take our order at which time to had to ask for water. Throughout the meal we then had to ask for the water to be refilled multiple times. 
Placed our order and the food didn't come for far too long. We ordered a cold appetizer too (mezze sampler plate) so it was unclear what the holdup was. When it finally came, we had to ask the waitress what was what, at which time she told us that we didn't get the full sampler because they ran out of some appetizers, which would have been nice to know when we were ordering. Had to ask for napkins at this point too. 
The entree was split was good (Adana kebab) but nothing out of this world and small given that it was around $20. All in all disappointing experience. I wouldn't go back.We came for Mother's Day and had a wonderful experience. Excellent food and great service -- our waiter was very helpful and gave us recommendations as to what to order. All of his suggestions were absolutely on point. The hummus was delicious, as was the mix meze (we even got a separate hummus in addition to the meze!). Plus, the waiter brought us complimentary (and delicious) dessert (baklava) and tea. Strongly recommended!Party of 4 of us enjoyed shared first courses of Russian Salad, Haydari and Manti.  The Manti was the only one that disapointed but all were nice and well made.  Kasap Kofte and lamb kababs were up next.   The kababs were a hit and the kofte was good.  All in all the meal was one of the better Turkish dinner I have had in a while.  Flavors were light and not burdened by a heavy hand on the spice.  
The service was well paced and friendly.  It passed a no rush test as we enjoyed our meal over two and half hours.My visit here was my first time having Turkish food. We ordered the Isot Mix Plate and the Mixed Mezze. The food was delicious! The meats were grilled perfectly and all of the mezze dips/salads were a nice compliment. But let me talk about the waiter here! I forget his name, but probably the most friendly and delightful waiter I have ever been served by. He was just so excited and knowledgable, and made our dining experience amazing. 
My only concern was that they didn't give us nearly enough pita for the amount of mezze that we got. We had to ask for more, but it still didn't seem to be enough. Ask for extra extra pita.This BYOB NEVER disappoints me and it just seems  to get better. It has a wonderful ambience and is nicely decorated. The owner and some of the staff are from Turkey so the food is very authentic. The lamb chops are delicious. I have tried several items from  the menu and always enjoy the food. The kabobs are awesome. This is a great date night and also wonderful for a group of people. The appetizers are excellent for sharing. Now on Fridays & Saturdays they have a beautiful woman who dresses in a traditional Turkish costume and serves a wonderful tea from an ornate pitcher. The desserts are excellent I highly recommend the kunefe. Kunefe is a syrup soaked cheese pastry with shredded phyllo dough. It's basically an extra delicious baklava. There is a small private dining area in the back that may seat 15 - 20 people. Not exactly sure of the amount of people it will seat but it has an adorable straw/thatched roof.This place was SO good. It was a bit late when we arrived and not very crowded, but the service was wonderfully friendly and attentive. With a Yelp check in, we got a tasty meze platter for free and every one of the 5 items on it was perfect. That dish came with a side of fresh pita that was light and fluffy and direct from the oven. The turkish ravioli was mouthwatering and the scallops entree was delicious and big enough to share. We finished with Baklava and coffee, and would absolutely be back with frequency if we lived anywhere near Philadelphia.Charming BYO. Ate there the other evening after I read a mention of it in the Philadelphia Inquirer food section. Was not disappointed! Very fresh, authentic Turkish cuisine with great spices, flavors, contrasts. Had the mixed meze to get a good sampling as well as the Ali Kind (sautéed marinated lamb with gilled eggplant, yogurt garlic sauce). Also tried the Karides Tava (jumbo shrimp -- and they WERE jumbo) in a butter garlic sauce with red pepper. Absolutely delicious. Although I was really full, the platters going to the table next to me smelled wonderful. Am returning this week. Casual, cool atmosphere, knowledgeable, friendly, accommodating staff.Great (as they get) kebabs, polite staff. Don't forget to try their baklava!Took my wife to Isot for her birthday.  When we got there, the staff had reserved a window table for us.  What a great way to start! We brought a nice bottle of Pinot that paired very well with the food. Since it was our first time there we decided to try the mixed appetizer platter, a couple of additional appetizers suggested by our server, and then split the mixed grill.  Everything was absolutely fresh and delicious.  Each dish had just the right amount of spice and it was obvious that a lot of love and skill went into the preparation; the portion sizes were also just right.  We finished off with the mixed dessert assortment and Turkish coffee.  The baklava was amazing! So much so that we ordered more to take home.  The coffee was brought out in traditional metal-covered cups and was delicious.  Seriously I could drink this stuff instead of my usual latte every day.  Highly impressed overall with the service, appetizers, mains, dessert and coffee.  I can't remember the last time I could say that!  Bottom line: we'll be back!First of this place horrible first time and last time visit never ever come to this place I don't recommend at all worst food and worst service I ever seen in my life I'm a owner of restaurants too but I have no idea how do they do business they should have minus stars I want owner to contact me ASAPThis is probably the best Turkish place i ever tried.
Food tastes Amazing as well as they serve generous portions.
Excellent food presentation.
Staff are cheerful, pleasant and efficient.
The place is clean.
Tried lots of things on the menu and loved Everything! 
Don't leave without trying the desert menu. 
They offer free tasty sherbet, bread served with a lovely collection of appetiZers (5 types), as well as their tasty tea!
Loved the whole experience and would defined come back again!
:))Food is greasy dripping oil which makes no sense because it's charbroiled. The desert kunafi has mozzarella cheese which is not the right cheese for this desert. There is no airconditioning on the front half of the restaurant which is the most pleasant to sit at. The waiting staff are very nice and courteous.Who deep fries a bourekah? Not good. Everything else lacked flavor.  The cucumber tomato salad was ok though. Delivery took 1 hr 15 mins. Won't order from here again.Just had a delicious lunch at Isot. We went to Turkey for our honeymoon and this place brought back wonderful memories. The service was great, when they were out of manti, they brought us the Ali Nazik, sautéed lamb with eggplant. The chef came out to introduce himself and was very nice. Highly recommend this dish, my husband I devoured it, along with everything else. We will definitely be coming back. My only regret is not trying this place sooner.Huge disappointment for the food.  The worst part was meat. Adana tastes so spicy and felt like plastic. Lamb and beef kebab usually comes 8-10 pieces. There were only 6 pieces of Meat and it was dry. For the price this is like a joke or maybe someone got hungry and ate my food on the way. ( joking :) 
Seriously as a Turkish person I don't think they can stay long. 
Although servers and manager is friendly and nice waiting time was disaster.  Total time spent 2 hours. Eating time 15-20 mins. Rest was waiting for foods. 
Not recommended.The food is superb. We had cucumber soup, manti, mixed grill, etc. All perfectly seasoned and cooked. The waiter is also the nicest guy you would meet in addition to being efficient and attentive. He seemed genuinely happy to be there. And so were we.Isot is by far the best Turkish restaurant I have ever been to! I am of Middle Eastern decent and have been to a ton of Mediterranean restaurants and Isot is by far my favorite!! The aroma of the restaurant and the quality of service is wonderful. Our waiter was from Turkey and extremely personable. 
My husband and I have been to Isot now 4 times and it has officially become our "spot" to take guests when they visit Philadelphia. We typically order our favorites to start which include the Icli Kofte ( similar to Arabic Kibbe), Hummous (one of the best I've tasted - fresh and amazing) and Mediterranean Salad with Feta cheese. 
For dinner we ALWAYS order the Adana. I've had Adana Kebab at 5 other Turkish restaurants and Isots is by far the best I've had. Better than Efes for those of you from New Jersey. Today my mother in law ordered the Lamb kebab and it was perfectly cooked and melted in your mouth. She is an amazing cook so for her to truly love it was a BIG DEAL lol. My father in law ordered the chicken kebab and it was nothing close to the typical dry chicken you get at other Mediterranean restaurants. Everything they cook is perfectly seasoned and served with vegetables and bulgur on the side. My mother in law said she is normally never a fan of Turkish food but this restaurant changed her mind. 
To end an already amazing meal we ordered the Kanafe for dessert. My mother in law is Palestinian and is therefore very well versed in Kanafe and she was in love with Isots take on it. It was served in a mini pan with walnuts as garnish and it was DELICIOUS. 
I would definitely recommend this hidden gem to anyone interested in Mediterranean food in Philadelphia! We will be back very soon :)The service was slow and uninformed about menu but The food was good. The mixed grill plate was cooked really well.Isot was really really good. BYOB place. The Isot Kofte was incredible. Hummus was good as well. The chef was kind enough to make Ali Nazik vegetarian by adding extra eggplant.I had a good feeling walking into this place.  Brought friends from out of town and it was perfect choice.  Friendly service, delicious food (dumplings were a favorite), ask waitress for suggestions, she gave us good picks. Will go back.LOVE this place! Food was great, service was even better.  Yavos (I apologize if I'm destroying the spelling) was the best.  We were celebrating our friends birthday and he couldn't have been any sweeter and more attentive.  He made our experience the best it could be -- would definitely return.Isot is a great BYO place found off South Street. The food was great. We got three appetizers and shared an entrees.
The shrimp umburger was our favorite and blew us away. We got the mixed plate entree to try a bit of everything and the meat was cooked perfectly. The only thing I didn't "love" was the Manti appetizer which is described as a Turkish dumpling. Too small and too much of the wrap/breading. It was still good but falls short compared to the other dishes we ordered.
My only complaint (and a very minor one) was that our waitress didn't know the menu very well and made some minor mistakes where I could tell she was new. She suggested an appetizer and began describing it but was actually describing an appetizer by a different name. She told us later on it was just her second day so it's understandable but I still think there were some parts of the night where she could have been better trained. Again, she was serviceable, friendly, patient and did everything right but some experience will definitely help her.Really great food, this is a hidden gem. We started with the Mix Meze cold appetizer (bunch of spreads with pita) - all excellent. We also had the jumbo shrimp appetizer, which was really good, although you should realize that it's only 4 shrimp pieces. For the entree, we had the lamb kebab which was fantastic - cooked very well and really flavorful. For dessert, I would recommend the pistachio baklava. The service was excellent throughout - very attentive, very helpful, and not overbearing.I dined at Isot with my girlfriend on a Saturday night. We didn't need our 8pm reservation because only two other tables were occupied. The menu was short and the waiter only recommended the combo platter, which seemed over priced, or the kebabs. 
We started with Ali Nazik and calamari, both of which were decent. For entres, I had the lamb chops (medium well, very tastey) and my date has the Adana kebab (flavorful, mildly spicey) with nice sides of bulgar and roasted veggies. It seemed the only dessert option was two bite-sized pieces of baklava.
The service left a bit to be desired. Even though the restaurant wasn't busy, we had to pour our own wine and ask for water refills. The entres arrived before we were finished with the starters, making for a cramped table. I am of mediterranean descent, have traveled to Turkey and enjoy Turkish food, but found Isot underwhelming and probably not worth a return visit.