the delivery is really slow, not knowing whether it's because of the snow not,it's a 90 mins late than their estimate delivery time.Ordered delivery through Seamless, the estimated wait time from the restaurant was 30-40 minutes. My food arrived an hour and a half later, and the hot food was ice cold. I also ordered spicy tuna rolls and there was literally nothing spicy and barely anything tuna about them! It was mostly tempura flakes and onion powder. 
Skip this one, for sure.Have you ever had sushi that taste so good that it makes you want to literally get up and smack ya momma!? No? well, not yet, and that's because you have not eaten here. Get that butt up and slap some shoes on those hooves and get down here! This is some good stuff, Baby!This place was ok, but they messed up the order and the service was poor. I won't recommend this place if you are on a rush.I got delivery on Saturday night and was very pleased with the delivery time and quality of food. The delivery man arrived quickly. The rolls were delicious and large. We also had edamame that was delicious. The prices were very reasonable. This is my new sushi delivery place! Loved it.I'm NOT a sushi fan at all and yet I find myself craving their sweet potato sushi.  It's just SO good.  And you can't beat $14 for 3 rolls.  I end up getting 3 meals out of it.  Their dumplings are also awesome.  I'll definitely be coming back.This was always my go-to place for takeout since it was called Mikawa, but it has really gone downhill. The customer service over the phone is terribly rude, I always have to wait once I get there since my order is never ready (or at times has been incorrect), and the quality of food has certainly decreased. I gave it one last try today, and the rolls were so awful once I got them home, that I actually tossed them in the trash (not to mention, the employees were completely ignorant). Don't waste your time!I ordered through Uber eats . I got the three roll dinner combo which is a good deal. You get a ton of sushi for $15. I got the Philadelphia roll, eel avocado roll, and spicy tuna roll. I couldn't finish everything. Everything tasted fresh and was delicious . I will order from them again and I recommend them for a sushi craving.Great food, and Great service. I love their sushi, Chinese food, and pad Thai. Everything they make is delicious and fresh. We order from them at least twice a month.Normally I don't give people bad reviews but this was the worst restaurant experience ever. Waited like 20 minutes to be waited on then another 45 for the food. They charged a dollar extra on most of the food and we had to ask them to fix it, the food was not even good. Don't go to iSushiI have been getting takeout here for several months and figured it's time to post a review! I tried a bunch of different sushi places around Philly and none could live up to my old haunt in New York.  However, iSushi comes very close. The Hawaiian roll is great (mango, shrimp tempura, spicy tuna). The house salad and gyoza are also excellent. My husband hates sushi and usually gets the General Tso's chicken, which I've also tried and it's great.  They do free delivery and have been pretty fast (about 30 minutes). Would recommend if you're looking for reliable sushi takeout.I walked all the way to Reading Terminal only to discover I had forgotten my wallet at home. Bummer! So I ordered delivery from iSushi and it came in a mere 20 minutes, even though the projected wait time was an hour. What a nice surprise! 
The spicy tuna roll...well, it was unfortunately not spicy and didn't taste much like tuna. It also had tempura flakes, which I didn't anticipate nor desire. For those of you who like a crunch in your sushi rolls, they didn't add any crunch at all, so think about that when you're ordering! The Philadelphia roll and the Alaska roll were quite tasty though, so they seem to know their way around Salmon at least. I was hungry and basically devoured my meal. 
Will definitely try them again!I've ordered from them a few times since my last review and now I usually go to pick up. I decided to review today because I picked up my order, and they left out the crispy noodles with my soup. I didn't feel like going back there to get some. Their food is decent but they need more people dealing with deliveries. They rarely have any customers in the restaurant when I order, but they have so many take-out orders that they can't handle them. This will probably make me not order for another five months.I've only ever ordered take-out from here and it's your average Asian-American restaurant. I like that it has a variety of Asian food and it does it all pretty well. The sushi lunch/dinner deals are great and I think the portion sizes are good.Our sushi took almost 45 minutes to come out, and they forgot one of our meals. We had to actually remind them that we were a meal short and they didn't even seem apologetic! The food was pretty average, but when the bill came they charged us an extra dollar on every single item we ordered! The bill was over $10 more than it should have been. Very poor service and they tried to scam us. Get your sushi elsewhere.5 stars.  3 sushi rolls for $14 was reasonably priced for a dinner entree. I was pleasantly surprised how nicely prepared and neatly presented the sushi pieces were in the container for a delivery order.  Got the spicy tuna, eel avocado and tempura shrimp.  All were fresh and delicious, although the spicy tuna could've used more seasoning.  Heck, even the sesame chicken was pretty flavorful.  Another star for super fast delivery and good job separating the sushi from the hot food in the bag.food almost an hour late, cooked rolls were cold and mushy.  food poisoning the next day.  order here if this sounds like funI've eaten here a couple times and always enjoyed the food. I HAD to give a 5 star review today for 20 minute delivery! Thanks guys and keep doing what you're doing. 
Also, I'd be remiss not to mention they are one of the few places that does a 3 roll special during dinner time.Went for lunch today because we saw the lunch special sign. Once we were seated and asked about it, we were told it isn't on the weekends (even though the sign didn't say so and it was posted outside on the weekend). 
The waitstaff was painfully slow. A couple even left rather than waiting to be helped. 
As for the food, it was ok for cheap sushi. Unfortunately, because there was no special, it wasn't cheap. So, overall, it was very disappointing. 
The spicy salmon and spicy yellowtail were ok, but they had the consistency of baby food. They also had some crunchy stuff in them which lowered the fish content and wasn't particularly exciting. 
The isushi tuna sandwich (which was supposedly a spicy tuna rice sandwich) was extremely sweet (!) and occasionally weirdly spicy. I love Fat Salmon's $8 spicy tuna sandwich, so this $13 crappy version was a bummer. 
For $11, the three roll special MIGHT be worth it if you can get it (which is why two stars), but I'd avoid this place otherwise.Service is super quick and I've never had a thing I didn't like. I only gave them 4 because it's not like mind blowing awesome. But still-- pretty good and they deliver. Definitely worth trying if you want Japanese and Chinese Im the area. The prices are super fair and really reasonable. Sushi is pretty good too.Pro: great special roll selections and special rolls come in decent size. 
Con: expected salmon pizza to be with fresh pieces of salmon instead of spicy salmon. The space was much too narrow for a restaurant. The two seaters next to the wall seem very small for two people. But I assume the restaurant is generally slow anyway because more people order take out.After watching the show wanted to grab quick sushi dinner. Used the coupon we got online. If there was no deal we wouldn't know this place existed. 
Got much of rolls and I had sashimi platter and Naruto roll. Think they called banzi roll here. My roll was ok. Cucumber was little dried and tough to chew. Think the cucumber they used was like that. My hub roll's size was big and less rice so that was plus. He said they were decent. It's decent local sushi place.Waitress should have asked if we wanted anything besides water to drink. At first she was more than willing to address our confusion about the menu but can see that she was slowly becoming impatient to our questions. *Tip for the owners: please include prices or make it known to customers of the prices for alternatives so they don't get blindsided.
The entree that we had chosen included soup and salad, which the waitress had also reiterated, however it was never brought to us and was never again mentioned. (How can she had forgotten if there were only two other tables to be waited on?). Overall, the food was just ok, could have been better; the taste of the rice was definitely over a day old, hence the lack of business.I came to iSushi on Sunday night, because I had a $40 Living Social deal.  We were the only table in the resturant for quite some time, it was very empty during dinner (same deal as the prior resturant, Mikawa, was always empty as well).  I saw  no changes from Mikawa, except a few different rolls on the menu.  
OK, now the good stuff.  Despite the lack of business, I was impressed!  Our waitress was very sweet, helpful, and talked to us about the menu and her favorites.  We ordered 4 special rolls, and tuna dumpling appetizer.  Everything was fantastic.  The taste was fresh, the portions were large, and the presentation was superb!  Our huge plate of sushi had kissy fish on them (I came here on a date with my boyfriend).   The table next to us had a huge salt statue of a fish glowing with a candle in the middle of their plate.  The presentations were clever, unique, and impressive!  
Great service, great food, unique presentations.  The dining room was clean, sushi bar is small and can take some time to prepare your meals, but once the artwork is sat on your table you will realize why the wait was a bit long.  Also, even with my $40 off from Living Social, our bill was still $60!  Its BYOB, so that was a slight shock of price for no booze, and $40 discount, which means $100 for 4 special rolls, tuna dumplings, and one a la carte sushi peice.  Ouch.  But, beautiful sushi!  I will be back, I want to take advantage of their new opening 20% off all sushi dine-in special (which I couldn't use with my Living Social deal).Pretty decent place if you want something fast for take-out. I always get General Tso's chicken and have tried other things like garlic chicken. Spring rolls come with it. Crab rangoons could be better. I've never had sushi here though since I usually go here for Chinese take-out! 
Just the typical Americanized Chinese food that's not mind-blowing but definitely fulfills your Chinese food cravings. They also have 10% student discount if you bring your student ID, but you need to actively remember to bring it up or else you won't get the discount once they process the payment. I've mentioned it a little late a few times and didn't get the discount.I have never acutally been in the restaurant but I have ordered for delivery many times.  We absolutely love their speciality rolls.  They have a great variety and they are absolutely dynamite!  Up until the last time we ordered, they always gave us a little free extra dish.  Thought that was a nice touch.  Right now my favorite sushi place to order from!!So far so good, and will definitely be going back. Only had one thing that I didn't care for which was the tuna dumpling. It was pretty but I didn't really care for the actual dumpling skin. They have tons of stuff to choose from and the combos are great. Lunch and dinner special reasonably priced. Bottom line the place is a tasty sushi eatery. People who don't claim don't even like sushi that has eaten here are changing their tune and willing to give it a try.My another visit, was in the neighborhood and wanted to grab quick sushi and Vic sushi was way too far and I was starving... Got chicken wing, salmon salad, banzi roll as usual, one night stand roll and tuna sashimi roll. We were too hungry so was in hurry to order. I didn't have chicken wing but my hub enjoyed all. He said kinda taste like sesame chicken. My miso soup wasn't salty and really hot. I liked it, was perfect for this cold night. 
Banzi roll... could been better, too much cucumber than actual sashimi. I did miss my Vic sushi's Naruto roll again. 
One night stand roll and tuna sashimi roll were pretty good actually. Size is big and filled with crunchiness crabmeat with spicy mayo.  I realized they just use same sauce for tuna sashimi as the dressing. I should've got tuna salad. Little lame. I did enjoyed one night and tuna rolls. But banzi roll and sashimi salad were little disappointing. Still solid 3 star place. But I will still go back there if I am in neighborhood. Just not gonna order banzi roll anymore.Sushi was fast and fresh. They offer a wider variety of sushi to its competitors in the area. They also have a few different options regarding orders. Customer service was efficient. There are not a lot of frills, but the restaurant is cozy with comfortable lighting.What a weird little place. The sushi was alright. I had better. 
The waitress seemed confused, but I think she's new. That's fine. We waited a real long time for waters and for our food but I was in good company so it's cool.
Food was deceeee. 
Prob not going back.I want to give this place a good review, I've ordered from here a number of times and it used to be great.  However, in the past year about 50% of the times I've ordered the quality of the fish has been pretty questionable.  I'm not a squeamish eater and I eat sushi all the time but it's to the point where it smells and tastes weird.   Gotten sick a couple of times and had to throw out whole rolls a few times.  This place was great, I don't know what happened. I'm done.  Get your shit together guys.I walk past this place every day on my way to work, and my roommate and I finally stopped in for takeout a few days ago. I was pleasantly surprised when I walked in. It's nicely decorated and very spacious. They have a great dinner special- 3 rolls for $14, and they make it fresh for you. We had an eel roll, a shrimp and cucumber roll (which isn't a combo we saw on the menu, but they graciously made it for us), and a Philadelphia roll. Everything was great. The service was friendly and quick. I wish I had stopped in sooner, I'll be back for sure!salmon roll smells funny. eel avocado is way too mushy and the avocado used is not fresh. The food is terrible and I'm wondering if I will get sick from what I ate.Tried to order delivery online at 7pm. Got a confirmation email with a 30-45 min delivery estimate. An hour later, with no delivery, I logged back into my account and discovered that my order had been cancelled. No phone call, no notice - just cancelled.
Guess I'll never know if the food is good or not, but the service certainly leaves much to be desired (as in, anything at all).Great sushi and best prices. Maki combo is 3 regular rolls and miso soup/salad for great cost! Always a favoriteTheir delivery is on point. I wouldn't recommend the General Tso's but that's personal preference. They're sushi is really good, really cheap, and delicious even delivered.Come here for sushi whenever I don't go to my usual spot and they're pretty  good. Not crazy about the signature rolls but their regulars rolls do it for  me and that's what I keep coming back when I can.We went here a few months ago with a Living Social deal and have since ordered delivery twice. We only live five blocks away but lazy Sunday's can be quite lazy.
They have a student discount (10% off with ID which is pretty sweet). 
I'm a fan of the Dancing Tuna and Bonzai Tree roll. The sushi is well prepared and has a lot of flavor. I really enjoy their presentation when we dined in. It;s dark inside the restaurant and the service was very nice. Our waitress was very friendly.
The last time we ordered delivery, it took over an hour and a half. After an hour we called to inquire about the status and they said they were on their way. 30 mintutes later we called again and they said they were on their way. I think they had totally forgot about us and weren't upfront on how long it would take. If I knew it would be almost two hours by the time we got our meal for two people, I would have walked there and picked it up!
I like isushi but I hope they just had a flaw in their delivery that evening. I would go back to the restaurant, but don't think I'll order onlne again.After walking by iSushi during our last 2 visits to the Kimmel Center for Philly Pops concerts, we stopped in for lunch before today's performance.  What a great find!  The very modest exterior gives no justice to what is inside.  The interior is tastefully decorated with clean lines.  Service is quick and attentive without being intrusive.  Now for the food.  The salmon-avocado salad is a winner.  It is very reasonably priced and contains healthy large chunks of both avocado and salmon.  We ordered the "Romantic for 2" which contained 10 pieces of sashimi (including one of our favorites in white tuna), 10 pieces of sushi, crazy tuna roll (spicy tuna tempura flake topped with tuna, scallion, sweet sour and sauce) and isushi roll (shrimp tempura, avocado & cream cheese topped with spicy crab, soy bean seaweed).  Both of the rolls were a delightful surprise and ones that we would order again.  This meal for 2 is reasonably priced and can easily feed 3.
We will be back here with our next concert.  iSushi is conveniently located across Broad Street from the Kimmel Center and a perfect place for a pre- or post-concert meal.  It is not Morimoto's, but you can have several delicious and creative sushi meals here for the price of one at with the Iron Chef.  It's only been open for 2 months, but we hope it will be here for years to come.This is my go-to for sushi delivery. They have a great 3 roll special deal (that can only be used for take out orders) they're quick, the sushi is always great and fresh and I have never had a problem or complaint with them.Got delivery tonight from iSushi. Arrived in a timely 38 minutes. Food was tasty however there were some negatives. My fiancé chose the 3 roll special where you get 3 rolls (not specialty) for $14 which also comes with a salad with ginger dressing. I ordered a few other rolls. His rolls that were part of the special were significantly smaller than mine. Also, our rolls were put together really loosely and almost each one fell apart as we ate.Just fantastic. Visiting from NY and this is some of the best we've had.  The shumai is delicious.  We had the black pearl, tatto and romantic rolls.Love their menu and options. When ordering sushi fir delivery, this is the place I am going. Friendly, fast, and well-priced.I ordered online and there apparently was an error with the system because the food never arrived (despite receiving texts saying 'food on its way'). When I called, the woman from the restaurant was very rude and kept saying, "There is nothing I can do. What do you want me to do?" They told me they would call the online company the next day and call me back with updates. I never received a call from I-Sushi and instead had to call back them myself to REMIND them to refund me. 
As a customer who paid and waited more than an hour for food that never arrived, I am shocked and very unhappy with this treatment. Unprofessional, uncaring, and very rude.We gave it another try (3rd time) and both Chinese and sushi were excellent. After a slow start the new owner is doing really well.I have ordered a lot from Isushi which used to be called "Mikawa." That said I have never ordered sushi from them, only Chinese food which is decent. I'm giving them a one today, because I can't give a zero. I placed an order over an hour ago, and have called three times asking about it. They keep saying "he's on his way." They have four minutes to get here before I call my credit card company and cancel it. This is the last time I order from them. If they are going to be late they should at least send a text or e-mail with the estimated time. They used to be on Grubhub but they aren't anymore. So there is no quality control with deliveries. I live about 2 blocks from them, so there is really no excuse.It's been over an hour and a half and my food STILL hasn't arrived. The first time I ordered they forgot half of it and this time I don't get anything. Annoyed.
Finally got my food, my roll was wrong -_-So let me start off by saying this is my first Yelp review, Im not one to post things, I usually just read others and base my restaurant choices off of that. I posted it... Realized I didn't confirm my email address so I went into my account to confirm it and I am now re-typing it. My experience was so disturbing it's honestly worth going through this trouble to maybe save a few other people from reading the very misleading 4/5 star reviews. 
Where do I start...
I went on a Friday night and it was empty. Literally one of 3 people in that restaurant. Should have been a red flag... But I gave it the benefit of the doubt.
The place looks dirty. It's a small upstairs, not well kept place and it really skeeved me out. 
I was seated next to one of the waitresses 2 kids. They were screaming while playing games, coughing and sneezing, and touching my table. I'll be generous and say that ass strike 2.
They gave us wine glasses (the size of shot glasses) and they were FILTHY. Honestly I've never been more grossed out by a glass before.
The meat in my sushi was discolored. None of the rolls tasted like any of the normal rolls I get. 
I was sick for 2 days after this and I eat sushi 4 times a week. I do not have a weak stomach, and I'm used to small hole in the wall places. This place is disgusting and to whomever is reading this please walk/drive/uber .6 miles away to bleu sushi and get a real meal.I went on a weekend evening and it wasn't too crowded, which is a good thing.  The atmosphere is very nice, but more importantly the quality of their salmon sashimi was through the roof awesome.  They came in thick slices and it was just so fresh and tender.  If you order their rolls, they come on a large flat plate that essentially becomes a live 3-D art!  It makes the dining experience all the more enjoyable.I'm glad we gave iSushi another shot! My fiancé and I ordered several rolls for delivery last night. All the food came very quickly and everything was absolutely delicious! They've definitely redeemed themselves, and I will happily order from them again!I really REALLY wish I had read reviews before ordering but I was busy at work and in a rush. I ordered a few sushi rolls and before even opening the bag I could smell the fish. That should have been enough but no I opened it up and saw that the color of the tuna was a little "off". Hoping that it was just that sauce since it was a spicy tuna roll I ate a piece!! Ugh why did I not stop at the smell??? I worked in an upscale sushi restaurant for 4 years, I KNOW BETTER!!! The taste was off, the texture was off (you know those cartilagy pieces that should be trash, yeah they were in there)... I'm just hoping I don't end up with food poisoning. NEVER AGAIN!!!I've been here with a group of 8ish people before but that was maybe a year or two ago. Needless to say, best that I make my review fresh. I write long reviews so you're free to skip to my tldr; summary notes.
I love going out to eat sushi so this place caught my eye when I have to catch the Broad Street Line after work. I've been at a lot of good and bad sushi places in Philadelphia.
I went by myself on a Tuesday evening around 6. It's mostly empty save for a few students and another lone customer. I'm seated relatively distanced away from the other customers at their small tables along the wall, far away from the kitchen and the small children who I'd imagine are being watched over by the waitress/cashier in typical Asian family restaurants. I was that kid once upon a time. The place is a bit dark and rather dingy, but it's got nice furniture I guess. Not to the level where you'd marvel about it, but nice enough that it doesn't offend you while you wait for your food. I get a complimentary glass of water from my waitress who doesn't speak/understand fluently but understands if you flip through the menu to show her. She's nice enough.
I order a Chicken Thai Fried Rice ($10) and a KK Roll ($13).
They bring me the Thai Fried Rice first. The plate it comes on is quite pretty and the presentation had some effort in that the food was spread to accentuate a diagonal spread instead of being dumped on the plate altogether. It's essentially white rice with very bland, cut chicken breast and sprouts, corn, carrots and green/red bell peppers. Very bland. I sprinkle salt on food that is meant to be savoury for the first time in my life eating at resturants. Some soy sauce (very typical Kikkoman that isn't particularly sweet and rather boring soy flavour) and copious amounts of black pepper doesn't really help it in the flavour department. The other lone customer asks for hot sauce for her meal, and I just give up my reservation and ask for it too. The same waitress brings me what I'm assuming is sweet-and-sour sauce (which is nowhere near hot sauce or hot). Dousing my rice with it makes it easier to taste and eat. The highlight was that it's got tosseled fresh Italian basil in it.
Tldr; don't get their Thai Fried Rice unless you're boring and don't like flavour. (Mind you, I finished all of it because it wasn't terrible. But I've had better food.) It's filling, I initially came for sushi. This was just an interesting experiment.
KK Roll comes around as they take my plate from me. It's presentation is fine. The plate and accompanying dish for your soy sauce is prettier than the roll itself. It's essentially tuna in a tempura fried seaweed wrap later coated in sushi rice with (questionably) salmon and de-seeded jalapeño rings that's been coated in what I'm assuming to be Mae Ploy Sweet Chilli Sauce. You don't know that they're not-fresh-crunchy but pickled-crunchy jalapeño rings until you look closer at them. Their flavour is lost from seeping in the sweet chilli sauce for however long. The only thing that I probably like about this was the salmon, which I took the time to remove from the rest of the roll and brushing off the sauce and jalapeño. It's fishy and tastes like salmon but it's not as fresh as I'd had before. The slight discolouration probably had something to with it but it's dim in here so I can't confirm for sure. Tuna was weird with the tempura seaweed (which has a crunch and thick cut that would make eating it harder if you didn't go at it in one bite). It was supposed to be spicy but it was not at all. Sliced pickled ginger is fresh and pleasant and exactly as you would it expect it from every other resturant.
Tldr; I didn't like the roll. I ate it with my hands and no soy sauce. Waste of soy sauce, if you ask me. 
Total cost was $24.86. I didn't order dessert.
Wouldn't really recommend anyone coming here unless they want to try something "exotic" when they hear the words "Asian Fusion" or "Sushi" but don't actually want something exotic or spicy. Just less typical than your usual Chinese American take-out place or microwaveable frozen food Asian Fusion meals. Everything is a bit overpriced for the quality that you receive, but otherwise a good place to take your non-Asian friends who like Asian Fusions and carry at least $20 in their pockets.
I didn't hate the experience but I'm not raring to go again. Curiosity sated. Nice people though. Solid 5/10.We ordered, it took almost an hour and a half to get to the house. We are two miles away.
The sushi was soggy and cold. I ordered a sweet potato roll and a spicy tuna roll. The edamame were discolored and cold.I ordered lunch with some friends. Was actually the first one to order. Their food came out before mine which I was totally ok with, makes sense. Then almost 20 minutes pass. No food. They forgot my order....Delivery super late. From what I'm reading on grub hub and here it looks like that's normal. Don't order from here if you want timely service.Good sushi, fair price, quick delivery to Point Breeze.I ordered delivery from iSushi for the first time. It took over 90 minutes to receive my order. 
My order included a spicty tuna roll and pad thai. The sushi was average but what was most disappointing was that my pad thai tasted more like lo-mein. It is some of the worst pad thai that I have had in Philadelphia.
It's extremely disappointing after waiting so long for my food.It tastes good, the taste is good, and the key is good. It's best to eat spicy Tuna Roll and fresh tuna won't be too spicy.I was so depressed when Mikawa closed as this was my go to Chinese spot! Luckily, iSushi has stepped in quite nicely. Similar to Mikawa, they make both Chinese and Japanese food (which works well for my boyfriend and I ordering take out). BETTER than Mikawa though, is the dinner roll special: 3 rolls plus salad or miso soup for $14. I know in the grand scheme of things this may not seem cheap (especially compared to other lunch specials) but this is the first dinner special I came across and the rolls are completely satisfying! It is not the level of fine dining sushi you may order at Zama, but you get what you pay for and I can't complain.
My boyfriend often orders Lo Mein to my sushi, and we will split an order of crab rangoon as well. The rangoon varies on a case by case basis as some dumplings are much more filled than others, but overall we are very pleased! 
Also, delivery is quite fast. We are often quoted 45-60 min for delivery and without fail the food arrives within 25-35 minutes.hidden gem!   large selection of specialty rolls, fish was fresh, and great presentation.  tempura lobster roll was my favorite!Hands down the best sushi place in philly for a nice casual sushi dinner. We go here at least once a week. Tuna PizzaGreat family run restaurant. Affordable. If you are a vegetarian I strongly recommend the vegetables love role.I have never had such a bad delivery experience before. I ordered my food at 9:45; the email I received back said that I would receive my order around 10:40-50. At around 11:15 I called to see where my order was, the man said that the driver had it and it was on the way. After waiting another half hour I decided to give them a call again. The first call they hung up on me before I could speak a word. The second call the woman said thank you and hung up on me before letting me finish or checking on my order. The third time I asked for the manager and then was hung up on. The fourth time when the manager finally came on the phone he told me it would be another 5 minutes. Taking his word, I waited, but my order NEVER CAME! I waited three hours for an order that I was promised would arrive, but it never did. I went to sleep angry and very hungry.Wow that was the worst sushi I have ever eaten in my entire life.
I was super hungry so I finished most of it even though it smelled really weird and had a funky texture... I feel so sick, I hope I don't get food poisoning.One word: awful. Vegetable fried rice was terrible: the vegetables tasted frozen from a bag. Not to mention that the give us quart size without asking what size we wanted. We won't be back, and caution you to even try.My fav delivered Sushi! Taste good, comes on time, friendly staff and their prices are good tooPlace sounded really cool! Unfortunately, 40mins after placing an order, I got a call saying the order was cancelled because there was no driver available. Would have been nice to have been told that earlier, when other restaurants were still open.Pretty good food and service isn't too shabby. I've been there twice and food always arrived pretty quickly. I live within walking distance so anytime I want sushi, I can always go there. Atmosphere is relatively quiet too.I don't understand why there are such negative ratings!  I had a walk-in sushi order.  My food was ready in less than 10 minutes and the sushi was absolutely delicious!  Everything came to about 11$ and there was 8 pieces of sushi per roll.  Would definitely go back.it takes a lot for me to be impressed enough to leave a review but this place did it. first of all it's very nice inside and the staff are very friendly. second of all the presentation of the food was incredible. they brought our sushi out on a huge plate with a pink dragon on it. third of all they discounted our food just because.
i'll definitely be visiting again!I Sushi Restaurant is fast Service is very good. Very good. Their salmon and tuna are very fresh。Food arrived on time and was great! I ordered the 3 roll special with soup and everything tasted well. A sweet old man does the delivery on  bike, so make sure you're a bit more generous when tipping especially when the weather isn't the greatest!I ordered delivery and the food was delivered on time, fast and friendly delivery. The shrimp shumai and General tso's chicken had a funny taste and the three rolls I ordered came apart easily and one was the wrong order. It would have been great had there not been that weird taste.My go-to spot for sushi delivery/to go. Dined in on one occasion and don't think I would again. It was a bit difficult to communicate with the waitresses and they weren't very attentive. As far as the sushi goes though it's the freshest in the area. They are always prompt for pick up orders and deliveries.I used to order from them every week. Literally. Would spend $50-65 each week and was happy with the deal. Until one day I got sick from bad tuna. But given that I'm a loyal person, I decided to order from them again. Two times, food was fine. Third time, tuna bad again: I got sick, even after only eating 2 roll pieces since I realized it was bad. Called them and hesitantly they offered more food in exchange. No way I said. Never eating there again, don't want to risk it. "Come by our store and we'll give you $7-10" (much less than the cost of fish-illness and my $65 order). Fine I said. 10 days later I decide to call before showing up to get my "great refund". Guess what? A rude man not only tells me he knows nothing about this but also yells at me saying "if you really got sick, why didn't you come the next day, not 10 days later?". Trying to be patient I replied "well, I work and didn't have time to go to your store. I was sick for 3 days after your food and work a lot" (thinking to myself: really? You make me sick, only offer a $7-10 refund and now you're blaming me for not being quicker?). He continues to repeat the same thing now screaming a little louder. I decide to tell him they just lost one of their best customer and that they have mo shame. Hang up the phone. DO NOT ORDER FROM THEM (unless you like suffering from food-borne illness')I dined at I Sushi tonight for the first time, all I can say is WOW!!!! Impressive menu, lots of specialty roll to choose from each one sounding more delicious than the last, I decided to go with the waitress' suggestions of the Yummy Roll and the Lump Crab Meat Roll, both so tasty, the lump crab meat roll was topped with get this REAL jumbo lump crab meat, nothing artificial here just a note i have a real aversion to the crab stick that most sushi restaurants serve, although its edible I appreciate I Sushi for offering genuine crab nice touch on there part.  I LOVED, LOVED, LOVED everthing the service was exquisite the waitress was friendly and prompt and my plate was beautiful it was hand painted with delicious edible sauces and literaly glowing this place is tops for sushi and can't wait to return to try all I Sushi has to offerI have ordered out from iSushi countless times for lunch during work hours since they deliver and have never had any issues. I love their Shrimp Tempura Rolls. Until I went to sit in for lunch... The server did not understand English, would get frustrated when we could not understand her, it took over 40 min to get served sushi and there were only 3 other people eating in that day. So... I gave it the benefit of the doubt and went back with co workers... It was worse that time. The same lady served us, meanwhile she again got frustrated with us when we could not understand her, and toward the end hovered over us as we signed our card payments to see how much we tipped, then took the receipts immediately out of our hands. I will not be going back to dine-in again. Food, good. Customer service, horrible.Order take out chinese. Decent and will take the place of my beloved but now closed go to takeout joint WOK.  Only ordered it once but found it to be better than Wok's new joint on 20th st, which so far is not living up to the standards it predecessor did.I've had their sushi before and it was good! But I ordered pad thai the other day and I couldn't finish it even though I was starving. It was so intensely sugary with no other flavors at all. It tasted like eating noodles with ketchup.If I could give zero stars, I would do so without hesitation. I did a take out order from this establishment about a month ago. When I got home and opened the container, I smelled a heavy "fishy" odor. Fresh sushi should not smell like that, all I got was a spicy salmon roll, and 2 philly rolls. I tried to ignore the smell, and I tried the 1st piece, it was ok tasting, then the second and third piece tasted like rotten fish. I tossedthe sushi right in the trash and called isushi to complain. The girl who answered magically decided she could not speak English when she knew I was complaining, but in person she was more than happy to speak to me and swipe my Visa card.  All I got out of her was "ohhhhh tank you veddy much, it no bad" with a chuckle... If you want good sushi, don't waste your time at this dump!