I'm sorry to say but this was literally the worst pizza I've ever had. I ordered a white pizza last night and I'm sure the crust was a frozen shell. It was worse than skating rink pizza. The only way we could get through it was to drench it in ranch. It wasn't any better after a few drinks. When pizza sucks even while drunk, you know it's just poor quality. Even the mozzarella sticks were gross. Don't waste your money on this place.DO NOT EAT HERE !!! i will post this review a million times ! my food had a hair in it MULTIPLE TIMES ! the lady that answers the phone who claims shes "the boss" is the most ignorant person ive ever come across. ive never once wrote a review and i made a yelp just to write one on here.save yourself the aggravation and order from someplace else around the area. THIS PLACE IS AWFUL !!!!!1 star for pickup orders. Otherwise, they deserve 0. I usually order pickup from here but today I ordered delivery and it took over an hour. I live 8 blocks away. When it got here, it was cold. Do not order delivery from here!!!I WILL NEVER GIVE MY SERVICE TO THIS PLACE AGAIN. Never in my life was a treated so rudely on the phone trying to order some food. Since it was Labor Day when I called I ask if there were opened to delivery and the EXTREMELY RUDE woman responded " obviously that's why I answered the phone " then without knowing I was on hold or asked to hold I had to call back and she screamed " I SAID CAN YOU HOLD" I never KNEW I WAS ON HOLD. I'm done with this place. HORRIBLE COSTUMER SERVICE . Never ordering from here againStrait up slop ,, I ordered chicken Stromboli worst in city !! I can't even remember what else I got cause it wasn't anything good to remember ,,,If I could... I would give negative 5 stars. These people are seriously morons. All I ordered was a grilled cheese on Italian bread... And they got my order wrong not once, but twice. Like-really??? I guess all they are good for is pizza and who knows. Worst place on the stop. Don't bother.I ordered a sandwich from here and the stench from the roast beef was sickening. I called them and they checked and were in agreement that it smelled funny. Wont be ordering from them again even though they were nice enough to send me something else of my choosing.I ordered delivery.  To start, the person taking orders over the phone was unbelievably rude.  She rushed through my order and seemed irritated that I wanted to order more.  The ravioli my friend ordered wasn't cooked all the way and the J and J's Penne was literally the MOST DISGUSTING thing I've ever tasted.  It was oddly cinnamony and seemingly beyond its expiration date.  The delivery guy seems like he just started and required way too much info at my door - even he made a joke that he also needed my social security #.  The cannoli wasn't bad, but for $3.75 a piece, I'd rather go to Termini.  NEVER, EVER AGAIN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!This place is cheap, easy, and reliable for a decent meal at either breakfast, lunch, or dinner.  Don't expect amazing customer service though, the woman behind the counter always seems in a bad mood, but at least the end result is always good.So far this is a real gem...wife and I go there often because the chicken cheese steak is perhaps the best I've ever had...real chicken chunks cooked perfectly served on a toast roll with the cheese properly melted...by favorite description is it's clean!  Not covered in grease and just so tasty!  The other day I wanted a salad to take home for dinner so I ordered the Greek with no dressing... What a wonderful surprise...packed with this really fresh tasty feta, hard boiled eggs...finely cut onions, carrots...and anchovies...even without the dressing(I had my own) delicious and enough for 3 people...Got delivery on a tuesday night around 6:45. Order 2 lg pizza for 13.95 special. order with toppings and was informed toppings would be "a little extra" but not a problem. pizzas arrived COLD and costing 24.95, each topping costing an extra $2!!! i would not consider that "a little extra" and it arrived cold. so seeing as how i did not have enough cash so i tried to call and use a credit card and was hassled about not having the cash even though the total was not told to me over the phone when the order was made. never ordering from here again......A friend took me here when I was in town during a flight layover. We were originally going to Geno's, but their outside seating and the frigid weather were no match. So we headed up a block to J&J's. The prices were pretty good. We got 10 wings, a slice of pizza, two drinks and a cheesesteak hoagie for $16. The wings were pretty average, but the cheesesteak was great. It was about a foot long and filling.I feel so bad that every time I call it's so inconvenient. They must be too busy slinging cheap food to answer the phone, not hang up, or act like they want my money. I guess I'll save them the trouble from now on.I first started eating J&J's Pizza while at the dive, since it's the free pizza of choice during happy hour! At first I didn't know if it was the beer talking but  for some reason it tasted better than all of the South Philly corner joints I had been getting delivery from for the past fifteen years.
Although I have been trying to avoid cheese we had our first delivery from J&Js last night since we were both too sick to go out to eat and the pies were delivered timely and they were nice and hot. The price wasn't too bad either since I had been used to paying close to ten bucks for a crappy pie delivered cold after only being three block away.
As usual they were nice and cheesy with just enough sauce underneath. They're also never skimpy on the toppings [the mushroom pie is a must try]. This is also the first time my father has not complained about a pizza in, well, my whole life! Anyone who can get him to not complain about something deserves a medal in my book.
Since I have never actually been inside the pizzeria I have to withhold a star...at least until next time, that is.I order from j&j though delivery.com weekly, and I am usually pretty stoked. Through out the passed few months they've done a great job. Everything I order is pretty much what I except. The sad thing though is that for a pizza place they don't have a great pizza. All of their menu items are made properly but the pizza id give 3 stars. From time to time they will forget a side sauce or wrong drink but they are accommodating and will fix upon request. Delivery is always quick. Don't get the fries though, always soggy.Are you freakin kidding me ? 1.5 star ? C'mon people,give them a break
 I went to Pat AND Gino for lunch...blah...i dont understand what is the hype about their cheese steak..mediocre at best. So fed up after spending $10 plus per sandwich there(not because it was 10 bucks,but because 10 bucks for the blah sandwich) ...i walk around the neighborhood and stumble upon this pizza joint...to be honest,i walk in just to see if i can use their bathroom,but bathroom reserved for customers only so i was force to buy a slice of their pizza. Ordered a slice of their white pizza with spinach and omg..their pizza is AMAZINGLY GOOD...the crust was soft and buttery inside but very crusty & crunchy outside...the cheese melted to perfection...not too salty....
DO TRY IT ! ignore the staffs though,not the most happy jolly gang in the world but who cares...Their pizza is awesomeWe stopped in for four slices and the total was like 15 bucks, we didn't even finish the pizza. My father said it best when he described it as "canival pizza." By the italian market, I figured the place had to be at least half-way decent, but I would recommend any of the other amazing food places in the area.Stopped in for lunch after walking around the city. Chicken cheesesteak and fries were awesome.I went inside hungry for some pizza, i ordered their white pizza. it was on point. Staff was cool to me and my pizza was perfect. I will def. come back again.The service was horrible. I'm guessing they were busy, well your a pizza place located in south Philly and it's Eagles game day what do you expect? The lady with blonde hair had an attitude, I asked to use the bathroom she ignored me. I asked the Hispanic girl next to her who was also rude and she slams me a key. I'm watching the Eagles game that they cut off cuz the store rule is no games on? REALLY?! Mind you the place is in the heart of south Philly, Eagles are playing blocks away and I can't watch the game and the Hispanic chick said it with an attitude. This is the second bad experience I've had here and I left with out paying for the food due the fact I will never return.  Don't be food even though it's in the heart of sp there is nothing authentic about this place. It's a fraud and their plain rude.I never understood why this place exists. It's not very good. I ate here on two occasions. And both times, they messed up my food. It's not very hard. You put broccoli on one side, and mushrooms on the other. And somewhere along the line, you turn it into a pizza. 
And then I must have told them to mess it up. Because they sure did that. And they did that pretty well.I hadn't ordered from J and J's at night for years, mainly because when i used to call, there was a really angry sounding lady who'd answer the phone. And I have to say, i just dont like dealing with angry people. So for a few years I had crossed J and j's off of my list. Recently, since i had a good experience with them for breakfast,  I thought id give a night order another try this past week...i ordered for delivery on two different nights and i was glad to hear a friendly person on the phone. i don't know if they took the angry woman off of phone duties, or if she's not there anymore, but i'm glad to say that because of this change,  i can now put j and j's back on my regular to call list. Their salads are awesome, and their breaded buffalo wings are amazing. So if the customer service change is permanent, I'll be happy to be a regular customer :)I ordered a simple egg and cheese on a bagel and a side of tater tots for delivery, my coworker got the same. Unfortunately, they took well over an hour to get here, the food was cold, the tater tots were undercooked and kind of greasy from the styrofoam container they were in and the egg sandwich had a huge piece of eggshell in it! I bit directly in to it. What a nightmare. How hard is it to cook breakfast food? Never againUGH. I've been having bad luck with pizza places lately.
I didn't try the pizza but I've had it at the Dive before and don't remember it being particularly offensive. 
I just ordered a pork, broccoli rabe, and provolone grinder which I ended up throwing away.
The pork was just gross like when you get food from a really skeezy chinese place and it tastes like the food poisoning you'll have tomorrow. The broccoli rabe was soggy and nasty, almost definitely from frozen. There was barely any provolone on the bottom of the soggy roll. 
They obviously have no idea what a "grinder" is because not only was the cheese on the bottom instead of melted on top, but it was not toasted at all, the whole roll was soggy with the wet from the defrosted broccoli rabe. 
Just nasty. Took two bites to make sure I wasn't missing something the first time, I wasn't.
I also got a salad which was standard crappy pizza place fare, nothing to really say there. Rolls of lunch meat on iceberg lettuce with dressing from a bottle, or more accurately a vat of some sort.
They also brought me the wrong kind of soda, which is annoying because I ordered online so the whole order was in print, no chance of being misheard.
My stomach hurts already.I always liked this place. Pizza is a bit salty but lots of cheese and pretty good crust. Also my address is difficult and they never have an issue finding us. It's not fancy, just good regular pizza. My friends are jerks and don't want to give this pizza oasis a chance, they'd rather go anywhere else because they are uneducatedMaybe I don't go at the right times, but the pizza is overpriced, the ingredients are poor, and the staff is surly.  I always seem to go there when they're mopping up & nothing else is going on.  I've gotten a few hoagies, etc., and they have been unspectacular.
I don't think this is an "I went in with my party of 15, and they wouldn't change the channel for the three screaming babies we brought with" situation.  I tip well and try to vary when I go, but old, pretty gross slices are just the norm.  If it's past 11 and you've been drinking, it's probably less bad than a cheesesteak.  During normal-ish hours, walk a block away to Slice and your pizza will be exponentially better.My roommates ordered delivery from here last night on my recommendation and now I feel bad. I've had pizza from here a few times and its not the best, but it's decent. My one roommate ordered mozzarella sticks that were completely a food service product- thick fried shell and congealed cheese in the center- almost as is they were under cooked or not cooked at all!
My other roommate ordered a cheese steak which she actually really loved and her boyfriend ordered an Italian hoagie and only wanted lettuce, mayo and red wine vinegar. It came with balsamic vinegar, onions and tomatoes. I told him to call them back and ask if they delivered the wrong sandwich, but he wouldn't. I mean come on, there'e at least 30 other places I can order generic 'Italian' delivery from withing a 4 square mile radius and you can't even get the order right?
So I guess were taking the menu out of our rotation. It's a shame really.Ordered cheese steaks thru grub hub with cheese whiz! They came with American cheese instead.  We complained and they said they tried to call but they didn't. So really disappointed. Not a bad steak but not what we ordered.We threw away 6 of the 8 slices... This was literally the nastiest pizza I have ever eaten.  Worse than Domino's.  the calamari tasted like cold rubber.  The pizza crust tasted like it was pre-made and toppings were just heated and thrown on top of it.  The cannoli was fine. If I could give it negative stars, I would give it negative stars.
I cannot say enough negative things about this food... It's disgusting.History: I grew up in South Philly, eating what I called a Pizza Pouch, from this Italian Pizzeria. When the store closed, my family and I could never find another place that makes or sells these Pizza Pouches. Fast Forward 20 years later, I'm talking to a co-worker who is telling me about this inside out pizza that she eats in Jersey all the time! Turns out the thing I called a Pizza Pouch growing up is actually called a Panzarotti!!! So I search "Panzarotti Philadelphia" in Google and find this place.
Food: This place is located down the street from the more well know cheese steak places in Philadelphia. While watching them prepare the panzarotti, the memories of all time I had these when I was younger came rushing back. The panzarotti was absolutely amazing! Not sure about the rest of the food they offer, but I def know I will be going back to get another.Have you ever wanted Sabbarro without the road trip, and with exceptionally slow service? Yeah, I didn't want that either. The decor, and the idea that this place might be fast, and healthier than Pats & Genos led me to go inside despite the terrible ratings which have already dropped a star since my visit. You might like it if you love greasy food. The calzone type rollup thing was tasty for a few desperately hungry bites. The decor is cute.Awful all across the board.   I was almost impressed with how bad they were able to screw up absolutely everything.
Hot wings are dry, bland, and had absolutely no hot sauce on them.
the "Spicy cheese fries" i ordered - were neither spicy nor cheese fries.  They were plain, frozen curly fries.  They were soggy and pretty unedible - seemed like they stole them from the Arby's drive thru and microwaved them.
Buffalo Chicken Cheesesteak was semi-edible, but the roll was soaked through and soggy, and fell apart.
Overall, can't recommend this place to anyone.  I'm surely never ordering from them again.3-4 stars depending on what you're in for. Typical south philly spot, my favorite place for a buffalo chicken cheesesteak. Walk right past Pat's and Geno's and have some space to yourself. They often play sports events which make for a great afternoon date with the husband for some pizza and sports since we don't have cable. I do their pizza by the slice occasionally... it's average to good depending on how long it's been out. Haven't ordered a fresh pie.I have been ordering for about 6 years from J&J South Philly Pizza. The items and service have changed over the years. The woman who answers the phone is very rude. I ordered several items. They have been siphoned with ingredients . The Hawaiian pizza had 10 pieces of ham and 10 pieces of pineapple on a 16"pizza. The tortellini  with bacon and peas seemed to have the same ingredients, but only 3 pieces of bacon and some pieces of ham.They need to step up. I will now order from Santucci's from now on.Great place for steaks and pizza. Me AND all my family rate their steaks better than their high profile competition. About 30% cheaper too!  Paid $23 for three cheese steaks last night with real cheese (not wiz) and one was a chicken steak with chunks of chicken meat - not pressed memory of chicken. That' why I give 'em five stars!J&J is my default delivery place when I can't bear to pry myself off the sofa to go out for food. (Prying myself off of it to go down my windy trinity stairs and pay the delivery driver is its own problem. We're trying to work out something with a box and rope that we can lower from the third-floor TV room window to haul the food up because we are just that lazy.) Pretty much everything we've ever ordered from there has been decent--not outstanding but not bad, either. The wings are among the best we've gotten delivered and the pizza is tasty, with a good ratio of sauce to cheese and toppings. The chicken parm sandwiches are good and the pizza fries tasty, if a bit soggy (get the spicy curly ones instead). My one big miss there was the chicken cheesesteak, which I ended up tossing after eating about a quarter of it. Also, don't try to order a milkshake. Either the machine will be broken or they will be out of ice cream. The woman who takes phone orders there will tell you this with an exasperated sigh, as if you should have known. She sounds perpetually constipated, but to her credit she has never messed up my order.I'm not really impressed by J&J. I've always though they've been kind of overpriced - I got a very small stuffed pizza thing for 7 bucks (I thought it'd be around 3 - 4). The menu is pretty big, but normal pizza place stuff. They just finished renovations, and it totally doesn't fit in with the rest of the Italian Market area. I'd check out Venice Pizza instead (2 pizzas for 12.99). If you are going here, at least get your food to go and sit in the park across the street.I love J&J Pizza. I go there all the time and the food is always great . The customer service could be better. Every time I go there the counter person seems as though they don't want to be there. Every time I go there I say hi how are you , but they don't even seem like they want to be bothered. They don't say hi or have a good day they just asked what did you order and give you the total. Otherwise I they would have a five star rating because customer service is everything. Food is good customer interaction not so great.I am a big fan of the wings from this place. A couple years have passed since I had them and they were just a good as I remember. The prices average and the pizza was decent. I think I need to just ordered extra wings the next time I go. The wings are good size and the sauce is what brings me back, I prefer mild buffalo wings so I can't speak to the hot wings.I am done with this place. I tried a few times bc it is close and easy and well a pizza place. For take out the counter lady is the rudest I've ever encountered. Ever. She acts like people that order from her are a bother. Ha
For delivery: wrong: tonight asked for buffalo chicken steak no cheese and the buffalo sauce on the side. It came with a ton of cheese ON it, and no buffalo sauce on the side. Sad. Total wrong order. Ugh. Just keep throwing money down the drain here.
The Italian hoagie IS good here. Side note.Came to Gino's for a cheesesteak and the line was to long so I walked up the block and stumbled on to this amazing pizzeria the food was outstanding I'm so glad I found this place the cheesesteak was great!!!!!!!! Definitely check it outI agree with Lisa. I think the slew of low reviews of J&J's is a little ridiculous. We ordered a BBQ chicken pizza from this place and received it in about 40 minutes. The delivery person was professional and fast. The pizza itself was very good and still hot when we received it. I can't speak for the interior of this restaurant...it's decor or ambiance or the supposed lack of people. However, I believe we all go to restaurants mainly for food, especially when it comes to pizza place. The point is, I enjoyed a good pizza at a fair price and have nothing bad to say about it. Okay, so maybe it wasn't the greatest food to ever touch my tongue, but it got the hankering for pizza more than satisfied. I would definitely order from here again, and there's no reason to not try J&J's out.I ordered a hoagie with the intention of eating the rest of it for lunch.  I specifically  asked what type of meat they serve and my answer was "a local vendor"... figures, because I got 3 slices of low to mid grade lunch meat on my hoagie.  Now, not to come at their necks but I've seen some questionable deli meat in my life.  I work for a public institution (that shall not be named) and the free lunch they serve makes me quiver.  The meat had a weird iridescent sheen, kind of like head cheese.  Now many of you may not know what head cheese is but for those of you that do, I think you catch my drift. The barbecue wings weren't bad but the fries were cold.  I gave this place an extra star because they threw in a free bag of chips.This is our go to place for great food! If you're on a diet, have the salads (which are great) BUT I highly suggest throwing the diet out the window and enjoy some good food!
The ONLY negative I can say is the unpleasant woman who takes the order over the phone.  I used to order from GrunHub.com to avoid this unpleasant experience.  Unfortunately GrubHub says that they don't deliver so I am forced to talk to her.  I would hVe given them 5 stars but unfortunately I feel compelled to do 3 stars. 
If you get passed the call, you won't be disappointed.Love the Italian hoagie, steak sandwiches, pizza, and the garlic knots - all recommended. The fries, the cleanliness, and the cashier all leave a bit desired. The cashier with the ear plugs and young twentyish is great very nice and polite. But the older white lady with the bad dye job is rude, impatient and not helpful. We come all the way from DC/Baltimore area just for their hoagies. In the last three years we have been there probably 25+ times and the hoagies and pizza are always delicious. Definitely not a place to have a sit down dinner due to how crowded the tables and space are but get it to go and you won't be disappointed. This may be sacrilege but it's better than Pats or Genos. That's how we found the place - we went to try Pats and Genos and they were awful. Trust me we have taken plenty of family young and old to JJ and they always love the hoagies.I'd really avoid this place at all costs.
The food and the experience were both less than enjoyable. First, the woman at the front desk was really rude, and seemed very unhappy to be there. And while we were eating, she went in the back room connected to the kitchen and smoked a cigarette (indoors), which isn't a huge deal but just something I'd rather not see.
Then the food. I got pizza and "spicy" fries. The pizza didn't seem particularly fresh and just did not taste good. The "spicy" fries, which I only ordered because of the $10 minimum on cards, were just shoestring fries that had no apparent seasoning on them or anything to warrant them "spicy."
All in all, I think it's an easy to decision to pick a different place to eat.we ordered breakfast delivery today, and we had never ordered breakfast before today. so we weren't sure how it would turn out. and it was GREAT! food showed up still hot, eggs and french toast were awesome. :) definitely a favorable favorable reviewI ordered a meal that comes with a salad.  I normally get it to go, and they pour the dressing on the salad so by the time I get home it's always wilted (also speaks to the quality of the lettuce.  Yesterday, I finally ask for dressing on the side (what every other restaurant does) only to find that they charged me 50 cents extra.  That's because on the order next to side salad, the women behind the counter typed in "NO DRESSING".  Then right underneath that, she added "SIDE OF DRESSING" and charged me for it.  I asked her if she made a mistake, said no, and then walked away.  That's one of the stupidest things I've ever seen at a restaurant, since she went out of her way to charge me for it.  The food is not worth going back to a place like that.Officially done with this place.  The food is mediocre, but the real issue is the staff.  I have never been spoken to so rudely while trying to patronize an establishment. However, the one star is solely for the super friendly and sweet delivery guy.  Delivery guy if you read this you should switch your place of employment to Francoluigis.Ordered a pizza, wings, the chicken sampler, a buffalo cheesesteak and a salad and really didn't think any of it was good.  The wings came with the sauce on the side and were over-cooked. The pizza was rubbery and the blue cheese on the side and the cheesesteak was really bad. I generally like to give the restaurant the benefit of the doubt but we really didn't like any of the food.Horrible experience with this place. Not only was most of the order wrong (preventing one of us from eating due to dietary restrictions) but we were overcharged for a coupon item. When I called in for a resolution, the manager was extremely rude and told me that I'd have to "take it up with Grubhub" given that they refused to honor their listed coupon. Never ordering from this place under any circumstances.Great slices here today. A terrific buffalo chicken and equally as good slice with garlicky spinach and tomatoes with dollops of good ricotta.  Really nice place inside.. granite tables ...nice hardwood chairs...exposed brick walls.I've only had delivery but the pie was pretty good. It wasn't super oily, the bread was firm, the toppings were plentiful, and it arrived within 30-45 minutes of ordering, nice and hot. Didn't order anything fancy, just a mushroom/pepperoni pie for $7 (toppings on half is 0.85 and whole is about $1.75). The mushrooms were great, nice and large slices. I would order from them again.I've eaten here at least five times, and each time, on my third bite of pizza, I think to myself, "Why have I done this again?" This may be the most bland pizza I've ever tasted. On my most recent visit, I had to dump an obscene amount of every type of pizza condiment on top just to finish my slices. It reminds me of... FLORIDA pizza. The worst kind there is.
The staff frightens me. I have seen them yell at each other, roll their eyes in disgust at each other, and never once make eye contact with a customer. I always feel like I am somehow hurting them by giving them my money to eat their food. Also, for you germaphobes out there... I've seen the register person go from answering the telephone to typing things in on the register to putting her bare, unwashed hands in the giant bin of mozzarella cheese and onto someone's dinner. C'mon, don't we all watch the news? Don't we all know that phones are dirtier than toilets? I know that no food service person is perfect, and that kitchens behind closed doors do God-Knows-What to my food, but when I can see you doing it, that is just yucky.
With that said, I have not eaten anything here besides the pizza, so it is very possible that they make delicious entrees and other things. So to be fair, I've given them two stars instead of one. Also contributing to the extra star is the fact that they have outdoor seating, fancy flat screen tv's inside, and the tables are always clean.This is a great place to sit down in the heart of the Itilian market and have a slice of pizza. The pizza crust was perfect and the sauce was fresh. I watched them make as I waited. Not bad for dinner and a show!!!!I use to have these guys saved to my cell phone. Then one day I realized they were on delivery.com and figured "I'm working in my office right now. I guess I'll order it online so that I can set the time for delivery." NEVER EVER AGAIN.
Long story short (and I don't know who's to blame) but I ordered my usual order which is a sicilian with mushrooms and peppers but NO cheese because of having a vegan boyfriend. The pizza came on time. But with cheese. Delivery.com asked for my review, I gave a polite complaint, and wah-laa Delivery.com offered me a credit for a new pizza. "Just copy and paste the following line in your next order".
So, 2 weeks later, I did. Only to have (maybe 15 minutes after the order was placed) the manager call me up and in a very aggressive tone note that she specifically remembered my order from 2 weeks ago, that I did infact order cheese (I always make it a point to say NO CHEESE in caps) and never authorized the credit. She was very rude and very short with me - and coming from 5 years experience working in a pizza shop this is NOT how you handle your customers.
The pizza came. The credit was not honored. Needless to say I will not be ordering from them again.
Side note: The food is fine. Delicious even. The management is just flat out unprofessional.I've gotten take out breakfast from here while very hungover. It was delivered in 30 minutes and the food was really good! It's a little greasy but I think that's what you want to sop up all your indiscretions. The also give HUGE portions! A side of scrapple was 3 big pieces. Bang for your hungover buck for sure. Give them a try!So-- all day breakfast. fantastic, right? well, it would be except:
1. Regardless of when you go/ submit/ call in your order, it takes at least a half hour for them to make your food (and it doesn't matter what or how much you order, larger orders just take even longer). In addition, when you get there you will have to wait at least ten minutes for the counter person to stop talking to a female (every single time i've gone it's been the same). To make it worse, they occasionally look at you and then go right back to their conversation (which adds even MORE time to the half-hour minimum)
2. The cooks are always working furiously every time i've gone in, but the food itself is not so hot, just inexpensive.
3. Portions vary wildly, and aren't that large to begin with. i'm a big home fries fan, and there aren't a lot of places selling sides all day long. They really seem like boxed potatoes to me, though.  Worse: whenever i ask for fried onions, i end up with more onions than potatoes (which stinks both metaphorically and literally).
4. They have a big sign by the register advertising that you get 15% off your first online order. BUT they fail to mention that there is a .net AND a .com site, and that you only get the discount if you order from the correct one (which one is that? ask two different counter people and get two different answers. I'm pretty sure it's whichever site you *didn't* use). If you risk this method of ordering, print out your completed order and bring it with you-- otherwise you may discover that things you ordered and display on your printout did not get submitted to the store.
5. Their tomato pie is just okay but has real basil on it (for those who are interested)
6. Although they have a fountain soda machine and coca-cola paper cups, they will not sell you one (nor will they sell you a cup of ice), instead insisting you buy one of their 20 oz. bottled juices or sodas, which they then have the gumption to charge you $2.00 for!?!?!
Overall, exceptionally disappointing for a spot that looks so nice and has cooks who appear to be working so hard. So very sad that the breakfast is just not worth it (I LOVE eating breakfast foods for other meals)...Stumbled upon this place after finding out that Teri's doesn't have food in the middle of the afternoon. My friends and I wandered in from the rain, mostly attracted by the giant sign outside that said "PIZZA." The decor was decent for a campy South Philly pizza place. We grabbed a couple of menus from the counter, settled in, dried off, and ordered what we hoped would be a warming, delicious meal.
I would rather have gone hungry. The women behind the counter here were unfriendly at best. Their marinara is positively dismal-- pretty much nothing but crushed tomatoes thrown into a blender and watered down until bland and runny. The eggplant parm I ordered was ENORMOUS, but a complete and utter disappointment. There was hardly any of J&J's diluted marinara, and the eggplant was completely overpowered by the thick layer of greasy breadcrumbs that encased it. I basically ate a pile of mozzarella mush over plain spaghetti. It was beyond awful.
To top it all off, the "garlic bread" had a really putrid, sour smell, and was more or less inedible. I will NEVER return here, and will actively steer anyone I can away from this place. Awful, awful, awful.The staff here is downright hostile when you phone in an order. Delivery can take 1-2hours, which seems like a long time when compared to the Mexican restaurants that deliver in 20 minutes.
I didn't like the pizza here very much but I like thinner pizza crusts. Thier vegetable sandwich with eggplant, broccoli rabe, and roasted red peppers is good but you can get better ones with real bread(sarcones) all over South Philly.I was out with friends walking home and we had to cut through Cheesesteak Vegas.  I was pretty hungry and didn't feel like dealing with the lines or the attitude at either cheese steak place so I gave this a chance on a whim.  It's been a year or so since I went so I can't describe exactly why but the pizza here is incredible.  I just got a plain slice and devoured it. I am thinking I need to go back soon to make sure it wasn't a flukeOverall, terrible. It took more than an hour and a half for a pizza and chicken fingers on a Wednesday night. When it arrived, it was cold and the order was made incorrectly. I ordered a pizza with cappicola and broccoli, but it only came broccoli. What's the deal?After checking out of our hotel and before driving home yesterday afternoon, my wife and I explored the Italian Market.This was our last stop and we wanted a pizza for dinner.
Although we had to reheat it when we finally returned home, our pizza was really good. They were generous with the 3 toppings (spinach, mushrooms, and sausage). We hope to return the next time we're in town!Love this place!! Huge menu! Great spot to just fall into and grab a quick bite while shopping in the italian market!!Love the cheese pizza and the chicken fingers are delicious with the honey mustard sauce. Fast delivery too.Disappointed . I paid for two omelettes which come with potatoes and got one omelette and another breakfast sandwich that looks like one egg and price of bacon .. so basically  paid 7 dollars for an egg a piece of bacon and toast. I asked for my one order potatoes to be well done they aren't even cooked.. I usually like ordering breakfast from here because it's quick but took over an hour this morning .. think it's safe to say my last time ordering!We got a couple of slices and garlic knots,to go. Pizza was okay, knots were nasty! Server was polite and friendly.It was my unfortunate experience to enter J&Js establishment last night on way home hoping to have a delicious slice, some friendly service and maybe a pleasant experience. Despite the sign saying OPEN I was abruptly told it was closed.  I said, "Oh, well maybe you should change your sign then."  To my HORROR the woman who seems to own the shop responded, "WELL MAYBE I SHOULD REARRANGE YOUR FACE YOU FUCKING CUNT RAG!" and then she continued to scream profanities as me and my friends ran out the door.I have been a patron of J and J for at least 5 years. However, tonight I was very disappointed with my order. First, the delivery driver was super rude at having to wait 5 whole minutes (yes, I checked my phone to verify this timeline) before I came out to get my food. He was blowing up my phone, and threatening to leave) I suspect part of his rudeness was due to the fact that I added the tip to the order when I placed it (don't do this- tip cash). The food was mostly okay. Nothing fantastic, I order from here because it's decent and close. However, they burnt the shit out of the fried mushrooms I ordered. I honestly can't believe that the cook looked at how blackened they were and boxed them anyway.Well I tried to eat there last night, but since my gf has found out  she has celiacs disease ie: a gluten allergy we have to be super careful with her food preparation, this is now the first and unfortunately probably not the last place that said they couldn't be bothered clean a small section of the food prep area to make sure my beloved could eat there. Oh well not where we wanted to go origianlly and was a last mintue "Oh look food thats not Pats or Ginos" right near the South Philly Underdog that closed.
We ended up going down the street to SLice, so much better.Glad I was able to find better delivery. JJ's pizza is passable, if the service was better they'd get 3 stars. Approximately 45 minutes for a pizza. Ordered a few times and repeatedly asked for paper plates and napkins (renovating a home/no plates etc.) and they were never brought. When I complained (each time), I was told that I never asked or received no response. Okay. Goodbye.This place is consistently great. I have ordered many many times over a few years both pick up and delivery and they are really always delicious. Tonight had pepper and onion large pizza- amazing. Garlic knots, pizza fries, small mushroom with ricotta - seriously all good! Also very well priced. Love this place.if you live in the neighborhood chances are you've been here, 
if you don't live in the neighborhood than i suggest going elsewhere.
the salads are bland,
the mozzerella sticks are lukewarm, 
the garlic knots lack garlic, 
the staff is never pleasant,
etc.
i actually like the pizza, 
by the slice it's a rip off, 
it's usually been sitting there for a while, 
or burned, 
ew.
i'm happy with a large cheese pizza to go, 
i've never had a bad experience with that, 
it's also a good price.Meat missing from the entrees, and the "bacon" is a few bacon flakes (which they confirmed on the phone when confronted). the salads were wrong, which meant my girlfriend bit into onions which she is allergic to and asked them not to put in it. She was literally choking on this food.
Not to mention the fact that it came late. The food was room temperature and sub-par even when reheated. They rudely refused to refund any part of the overpriced order. Next time I have no groceries in the house I'll just share my dog's kibble instead. I honestly wish there was a way for me to give 0 stars because 1 star is incredibly generous.I call this place "the lady who looks through my soul". The lady at cashier has this mean look on her face every time I place an order here. It seems to me like she doesn't like working here or she just knows I hate this place. The pizza is very oily. The wings aren't too great. I'm surprised this place has been running this long. Workers here doesn't seem like they have a lot of passion for this place. However, the bathroom is clean. Two stars for clean bathroom!South Philly has too many great places to eat to waste your time here. We ordered from here tonight and it will be the last time. They screwed up the whole order, forgot chicken in a Greek salad with chicken and included the wrong dressing -- which spilled open during delivery and messed up the bag. And the grilled shrimp salad was made with cold, fishy shrimp. And on top of it all, we got disconnected while ordering. 
And the pizza is average at best.Ordered on grub hub, brought the wrong soda. Took a half hour for the driver to return even though they are five minutes away. Cancelled and asked them to take it off the bill, refused, and driver pounded on my door for five minutes asked him to leave. A shame, I loved their food, but never again!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Only place I know where you can't get your food how you want it! The night manager sucks!I'm surprised by all of the negative reviews. This place isn't supposed to be gourmet. It's greasy, delicious-ness when you crave it. The staff aren't super friendly but who cares?Bland pasta but the main complaint is atrociously awful customer service. As a side I had ordered the $1.25 garlic bread on grubhub and under special instructions added "please add mozzarella cheese."  The order came and there was no garlic bread at all. When I called them to let them know and to figure out what to do (deliver it or remove the charge from my bill)  they were rude, arrogant, defensive, never once apologized for their error, but instead tried to twist it that it was somehow my fault and wanted to argue with me at every turn as though I was trying to scam them. What should have been a 30 second phone call was a 5 minute silly contest of them first quizzing me insistently on my order rather than just taking my word for it that they forgot my side.  They already have my $28.00 which included a $4.00 tip, what more did they want?  First she tried to blame it on "the other girl" who works there who conveniently "just left."  I again told her it wasn't a phone order, it was through grubhub. After I proved it, they then wanted to quibble over the money. I'd already been charged $1.25 and told them that on grubhub there was no option on the menu for adding mozzarella, but they said that'd be $3.00.  Fine; I agreed, but can't believe they wanted to nickle and dime me on top of screwing up my dinner.  Their philosophy is apparently "never admit fault; the customer is always wrong."  FINALLY this arrogant, defensive b*tch agreed to send the freaking garlic bread, never once saying "sorry about the mixup."  It arrived about 15 minutes later and the deliverer just handed it to me and said "$1.75."  I scrounged around and found the money and paid her and she left; again no apology, as if this were somehow my fault and they had done me a huge favor.  Well, they can enjoy their buck-75 from me but what they won't be getting is hundreds of dollars in weekend takeout from me over the next year. Instead it'll go to Not Just Pizza.  J&J is run by children (and bad cooks), won't be ordering from them again.