Stopped by this cute little cafe after I found it on Yelp. I was near the area and needed a quick place to relax before an event. The space is long and narrow but ample seating and bright and airy. The overall aesthetic is very pleasing. The pastry case by the late afternoon wasn't super filled but there were enough options to choose from like the lemon tarte which was delicious! The coffee menu itself is rather small. I ordered a mocha which was definitely a more bitter chocolate which I didn't mind, but if you're used to sweet like Starbucks this may be a pass for you. The people working here were nice. The prices were a tad expensive for coffee and pastries especially when the coffee isn't super elaborate. I also wish they would use real cups. They might have these but they didn't bother to ask if my order was to go or not. They offer bread for purchase as well. The staff was nice, the bathrooms clean. Overall a pretty great cafe in Philly perfect for an afternoon pick me up.Best Madeline I've ever had!!! Great decor as well. Got to meet the owner Bastian and he was fantastic as well!Great staff and delicious pastries! This really is a professional bakery, with all sorts of French delicacies... you name it, they have it. The owner and staff are super friendly and helpful. Its a cool place to stop by any time of the day to meet up with friends, study, grab a quick snack or some good coffee. Try the quiche, highly recommended!Adorable, sunny little place with the best pastries! The almond eclairs were especially great, and paired perfectly with the deliciously thick and unsweetened hot chocolate.Yo the croissants here are banging. Probably the best in Philly. Great coffee and solid spot to get some work done. They also accept credit card, and it's such a clean and modern looking bakery. Everyone here is so friendly. A real gem right here.I'm from out of town and stumbled upon this lovely France bakery. What a treat! It is exactly what it states it is. French. And a bakery. I went two days in a row for a slice of their delicious orange olive oil cake and a pot of English Breakfast tea. I loved the brand of tea so much ( Kusmi from Paris) that I bought a box when I saw it in a nearby shop. The atmosphere is relaxing and a delightful respite from a busy day. Oh, and the employees are helpful and so nice. Most highly recommended.We went to this cute little bakery & cafe serving French pastries, sandwiches, crepes & coffee for breakfast. We got there quite early in the morning, there were few people who were getting things to go, instead of dining in, which gave us all the seating options. They had some tables right at the entrance, and then more seating in the back.
The cafe is located on the corner lot, so it had lots of windows on the front and the side, bringing in bright natural light.
Right at the entrance, they had some bread and baked goods, such as croissant, apple turnover, and raisin roll. On the side, they had lots of sweets such as macarons, tartlet, and éclairs. They also had some quiche as well. Since we were there super early, the pasty chef was still working on some items.
We started off with a couple of pastries and cups of coffee. I got a small Latte, and it was really small... They ground coffee beans at the time of order, which is great. The coffee was quite good, I wish if the mug was a bit bigger, even though I did order small. My hubby ordered a Cappuccino, they didn't have any choice of size, it came in a mug that is similar to the latte mug, but a bit shorter and wider. They were tasty coffees, again, just really small...
We had Sugared Chouquette, Napoleon, French Jam Crêpe and Paris Philadelphia. They were all very tasty, high quality and oh-so-satisfying. It was a fun and tasty visit. The service was ok, not overly friendly but efficient. Their sweets were elegant and sophisticated, we enjoyed them all.I have been looking for a good French Napoleon for a long time after Wegmans discontinued to bake Napoleon.  When I saw my FB showing a photo of Napoleon from J'aime, I can't wait to give it a try. 
We went J'aime on Christmas Eve but they ran out of Napoleon so we ordered Chouquette which is very surprising good. The cream of Chouquette is very light without heavy sweet and last time I had such silky smooth cream with good/right puff is from beard papa(Japanese bakery).  
So, I decided to come back today in order to get in line for Napoleon. Like Chouquette, Napoleon also has a very velvet moisture cream and because J'aime doesn't glazed sugar or fondant on the top layer, it won't too sweet which I can even eat a whole without coffee or tea. We also ordered Quiché and I like pie crust of Quiché at J'aime is thinner than Le Pain Quotidien.The croissant was so delicious that it almost redefined croissant. The chocolate tart was delicious; crispy crust and velvety chocolate. Excellent service. Recommended greatly.Execellent bakery. We had cold coffee, fruit tarte, napoleon, and rasin roll. All were fanatasitic!!
Kind employer is another plus+One of my favorite bakeries! The service is great and the pasteries/drinks are the best!! there's a lot of pastries to choose from.
Also, the aesthetics is to die for. The bakery is super cute and minimal. It's the perfect place to stay and hang out!I love this real French bakery where everything is baked fresh from the day...Being a French native it is a little bit of my childhood just there! Especially the orange tart that my Mum was doing and the raisins rools!Wonderful! I pass J'aime on my walk to the train each morning and had been eyeing the place up during construction. I finally made it in last week for a latte and some sweet treats - I will definitely be back! J'aime fits into the neighborhood perfectly and serves delicious baked goods for those days when you just need to satisfy your sweet tooth. Looking forward to more visits!Yum! Enjoyed iced herbal tea and apple tart the other day while wondering around the city. I felt fortunate to find this little oasis on 12 street. My tea was both delicious and refreshing. The apple tart was a French work of art....tender juicy apples encapsulated in a light pastry, not too sweet, not too tart...perfect! I enjoyed relaxing at my table open to the outdoor elements and watching people walk on by. The bakery has huge windows which were open at this time of year and made one feel as though they were outside, but slightly protected from the sun. The decor of white and grey tones created a sophisticated backdrop where  the pastries and other delectable goodies take center stage. The staff behind the counter were authentic French, warm and friendly. They even provided me with a sample of tea to help me choose among the options. 
Yes, it's a bit pricey. However, the food, charm and patisserie ambiance made me anxious for a return visit. Be sure to navigate your way to J'aime French Bakery in the near future. I highly recommend it. Bon appetit!I am on a quest to find the best croissant in Philadelphia and so far J'aime's croissant is the best I had. All their patisseries are also excellent, my favorite being the "Paris-Philadelphia"Coffee was pretty standard. There is the usual offering of drinks and some French bakeries. The inside of the shop is very nice and clean, but there is no Wi-Fi which is a bummer for anyone trying to work. There are some French pastries and baked goods, but they are all a little expensive.Like stepping into Paris! I love (I mean LOVE) a croissant and these are hands-down the best in the city, maybe in America. The staff are French and give you a bonjour in the morning. Plus draft La Columb... this is an absolute jem. J'aime? Non. J'adore!I am so happy J'aime has opened near us. It is by far the best pastries I've had in the states. It literally tastes as good as a chocolate croissant from France. It's beyond delicious and the place is so well decorated- the staff friendly- and the smells... out of this world. They are also super friendly and brought a little water bowl for my pup while we were sitting outside. LOVE. I can't say enough good things. Try them :)While a midday break and walking around I came upon this new French bakery... literally just opened within 9 days of my discovery.
Saw two coffee taps, inquired and learned it was to their on site cold brew.  One was American with milk, my go to.  The other espresso based. Upon the explanation and reco I had the suggested mix.  Best cold brew I've had.
Since I'm a French bakery, how could I leave without bringing home sweets.  Selected two fruit tarts-- orange and pear.  The crust was light, flakey and delicate.
Wonderful taste and brought a smile to my honey.
Finally found a go to bakery for special treats for the weekends.I found this minimalist comforting cafe just a few blocks from my hotel when I had to stop by from NYC. I called in to check if I could come by to take some photos of the interior and food to write about in my blog. Bastien O, the head chef/baker from France, picked up my phone call and gave me great advice on ideas of when's best to come and invited me over. He met me personally and told me of his whole routine from coming in as early as 4:30AM to start baking. Not sure how he makes everything seem so effortless, but his story is really impressive and work is magical.
For my brunch, I ordered the mushroom/spinach quiche that was accompanied with a side salad. As a sucker for citrus sweets, I ordered the orange tart in the display: the tantalizing orange tart was brushed with a syrup and crusted with sugar crystals. And because I was so sleep deprived, one nonfat latte. Bastien, one of the humblest chefs I've ever met, even came out to speak with me about his background and passion in baking and customer service.
Loved the interior (the back also serves as a great spot for some to work) the attentive staff, cleanliness, quirky restroom with facts about toilets along the wall. Although I've left, part of my heart is still longing for that orange tart.Perfect place for a cup of tea or coffee with a friend to catch up.
The service was nice and friendly and their baked goods were on point.
I would come back here again!Love this new bakery! Light, flakey croissants. Delicious pastries. Friendly staff. Beautiful decor. And La Colombe pure black on draft. It's a great addition to the neighborhood!!My new favorite spot! You can smell the fresh baked pastries as you walk by. When you walk in you are greeted by friendly staff who are eager to serve you. 
You would not believe the amount of pastries to choose from. Starting with classic croissants and crepes all the way to specialty items I had never seen before! The server explained to me that everything is homemade and baked fresh daily. I tried the napoleon, Paris Philadelphia and lemon tart! Each item was beyond delicious and the customer service was outstanding! 
I also fell in love with the design. You can tell the owner spent a lot of time making it the perfect twist between modern and french without being too overwhelming. 
I no longer can walk by without stopping in and grabbing a sweet treat. Definitely will be visiting more in the future!I came all the way from NYC to Philly just for J'aime and it was definitely worth it! My friend and I shared the special quiche, chocolate brioche, merveilleux (speculoos, cream, meringue goodness), and a croissant. Ah, AND draft lattes. We got a box to bring the leftovers back with us but ended up returning the box after polishing everything off in one sitting. The staff is SUPER friendly and attentive and the ambiance is bright, fresh, and cheerful. Would highly recommend to anyone coming to Philly for the first or 100th time.I am obsessed with J'aime. 
It's the closest coffee shop to my apartment and I couldn't be more thankful. It's interior is the most aesthetically pleasing, bright place to sit and enjoy your coffee and get some work done. There are tons of tables to sit at too, which always seems to be an issue when looking for a place to get work done in the city. 
Their coffee is amazing & they have a decent menu for different types you can get. They also have a few nondairy creamer options! My girlfriend raves about their pastries and says that she absolutely cannot her enough. She gets a chocolate croissant weekly!  
It's tough to find cute, cozy coffee shops in Philly but I promise you won't be disappointed. In nice weather there's outdoor seating out front and when there isn't, there's huge windows to people watch out of! Stop by here, I promise you'll love it.As French people we can say that this is the best place for French patisserie, bread, and other kind of vienoiseries!!!
Perfect employees very friendly and respectful !!
Thanks a lotFresh French pastries and juice!
Visited here for brunch this Spring
Got orange mango juice and puff pastryYummy well-balanced (not too sweet) pastries. They have savory quiche as well. It's a pretty  open clean spacious comfortable locale to enjoy a good tasting laColumbe smooth caffeine & a bite of exquisitely made pastry. The Paris eclair is so good! Comfy seating. Pleasant informative counter help. Cool music. A taste of France in Philly: C'est tres bien!Best croissant in Philly hands down. Excellent coffee and pastries. A nice slice of Europe here in Center City. check it out.Very quaint, peaceful, and bright environment perfect for morning or afternoon coffee. It was not too busy when we went around 11. We tried the sugared choquette was delicious (filled with Nutella cream that was extremely light). Anastasia tea that my friend had smelled so aromatic, and cappuccino  as also strongThis place is a lovely spot to have a latte and get some work done peacefully. Will be back again the food was fantastic I recommend the quiche Lorraine!I was very excited to see that this place was opening in the neighborhood.  It's clean, beautiful, and unique.  I went there for the first time on Saturday at opening (8 a.m.).  There were 4 people behind the counter.  I wanted to treat my companion - but the service was very disorganized - each server was switching back and forth as to which one would ring up the bill.  There cream for the coffee was handed to my friend from a carton behind the counter.  There was no cutlery for the pastries.  HOWEVER - - - -I'm definitely going to give them a break, because I really WANT THIS PLACE TO SUCCEED!  Get the service act together - - the pastries and coffee are MAGNIFIQUE!Went in to this cute little coffee shop for a quick bite and fell in love with their pastries! The croissant was so fresh and so flaky, and the napoleon has just the perfect sweetness to go with a cup of coffee or tea. Love love love!What seems like a typical coffee shop is a transporting gem to the streets of Marseilles. The aromas of croissants, cafè, and bread warms the heart, the service only enhances the experienceLove the almond croissant - sooo soft and great tasting almond paste inside. Their mocha is great too - doesn't taste like hot chocolate like some other places. I like to taste the espresso in my mochas. Almond milk and soy offered as dairy alternativeBeen here twice already and loved it both times. Got a regular croissant the 1st time and was not disappointed! Flaky slightly crunchy golden crust with soft chewy layers inside, just how like it should be. Got the pain au chocolat the 2nd time around and split an eclair with a friend, both of which were also delicious. The vibe in the small-ish cafe was also relaxing and minimalist with the white painted walls, clean decor and high ceilings. Also as an unexpected surprise, they have Whistle Pops for sale as well (nostalgia much?).I was wandering around in the area in the afternoon and wanted a coffee so I walked in this shop! Yet it's such a hidden gem!
I originally just wanted a coffee ended up getting an éclair with chocolate cream!with a coffee!
The pastries they sell look delicious yet very very affordable!
They also have quiches and sandwiches for lunch if you are interested!
It made my afternoon so pleasant!Such a cute, quiet coffee shop with fresh pastries!
Fresh french baguette and wonderful Kusmi tea.Looking for a coffee and pastry? Want cheap and sugary? Uh oh, problem. This ain't the place.
HOWEVER. Looking for a genuinely French experience? Light, not overly sweet, not huge globs of fried fat lathered with syrup? Well made espresso drinks in lovely chinaware? Clear, inviting place to just relaaaaax?
WELL THEN, you've come to the right place. J'aime means "I love". And there's much to love here. We sampled a croissant, a madeleine, and an apple tart. Croissant flaky and light. Madeleine perfectly textured and subtly flavored. The apple tart was a bit too cool for my tastes - next time I'll ask for it to be warmed. 
Light jazz for your ears, light repast for your tumtum and coffee yum for your caffeine craving. Go for it! 
(I'd like to claim my pic of the partly eaten pastries and half drunk cap was for artistic effect but ... I was simply too hungry to wait!)
Okay, couldn't leave w/o more. So ... a pic of their espresso (absolutely perfect - not bitter, not sour, just right), another cap and their version of doughnut holes (cream puff without the cream). 
And the heroes behind the wonder. The main man, Bastien, who dragged a bit of France with him to historic Philly. Barista in charge - Raphael. And Tessa ensuring you get your order with a complimentary smile!This place is amazing. Simple, but lovely interior, and great atmosphere.
Perfect spot for a little pastry indulgence.J'aime is a unique and in many ways a special cafe.  It is a place where you can go for some peace and quiet, or enjoy a delicious pastry and excellent beverage of your choice with a friend.  They also serve delicious crepes along with sandwiches and soup which are all excellent.  The staff are friendly and very attentive and the cafe environment is very inviting with a clean, crisp minimalist format.  It is a true French cafe not to be missed.I was in Philly for a day and stopped here to rest/for a bite. It is a very aesthetically pleasing place and I found myself ordering way more than I should have. The crepes were a bit too sweet for me but I also ordered this orange zest chia seed cake thing that was very good. Service was friendly and quick. I would totally stop by if in the area again because all of their pastries seemed so yummy.Finally!  I love French pâtisseries.  Love love love them and J'aime does not disappoint!  I've been twice, and both times, J'aime has overwhelmed me with the excellent quality of food and service.  First, I tried the croissant.  It's buttery, has that perfect golden crisp outter layer, and the airy and decadent inside that marks an excellent croissant- nothing gummy here!  The next time I stopped in was to pick up a little birthday treat for myself- I chose the sugared chuquette with whipped cream.  It was a delicate cloud of pastry with the perfect whipped cream- on the firmer side, and not too sweet.  I mentioned it was my birthday treat, and the pâtissier asked the counter woman to give me some madeleines on the house.  It made my birthday extra sweet!  It takes a good deal of willpower to not make my way to J'aime every week, but I will be back as often as I can!A quaint little coffee shop with great prices! I loved the Parisian-vibe and the selection of pastries available. There was limited seating, with a couple of chairs outside. In the warmer weather, I will definitely take advantage of that!I came over on Sunday an hour before closing so there're barely anything left on the counter. I got the olive oil orange cake and the chocolate croissant. The Olive oil orange cake is delicious! It's moist with full orange and and a perfect hint of olive oil flavor. The chocolate croissant is just ordinary. I like the flakiness of the croissant, but it lacks the buttery flavor. I'll visit again next time and hope they have more choices to try. I'd love to try their almond croissant and BriochesOmg I LOVE their black iced coffee!! It is the best cold coffee in the city. You need to go here if you love iced coffee. Even if you don't you need to go for their croissants.Service was wonderful! Pastries were amazing and coffee was not overly sweet! Definitely coming back here the next time I'm in phillyMy partner and I frequently stop here while walking around Center City on the weekend. It's a great place to just chill for a bit.. Service is always awesome, and the music played is always fun! If you are sick of the "other" chain coffee shops, give this one a try.. you won't be disappointed!Love this place, it reminds me of Paris. I always get the latte with a pastry from here.Went in today for the first time and I want to move in.
Friendliest staff, great coffee and treats.
Certainly returning.Been there twice, and ordered the same thing. Quiche special with a drink and a pastry. Quiche was paired with a handful of spinach, a pinch of chopped tomatoes and drizzled with balsamic. It was fine, no complaints. My return was for that crazy eclair. It was the only reason any of this needed to be duplicated. Their eclairs are phenomenal. Possibly the best I've ever devoured. 
Who knew there was a pristine chocolate custard filling that would gush out the sides with each bite. Messy? Yes !!! But I was the happiest customer, trying my best to eat the dessert with some etiquette.Spinach and salmon quiche is a morning delight. Orange olive oil cake is amazing. Perfect compliment to a hot cappuccino. Friendly staff in a lovely little spot.So far I've been to this friendly cafe twice and both times I've been transported to Paris. When you walk in you are greeted with a Bonjour and allowed to select from their delicious savory and sweet offerings like quiche Lorraine with onions and bacon or their pan au chocolat (our favorites so far). P. And I have gotten both their cappuccinos and regular coffee and both were on point. You're never made to feel rushed as you sit at a table and relax, which feels oh so Parisian. I will definitely be back to try some more of their baked goods, particularly their fruit tart. Also they have freshly baked baguettes and bread for sale, which look just right.Croissant flakiness test: A+ ! Finding a reasonably sized (not the size of your head) and flaky as they should be, croissant in Philadelphia isn't easy. This is the second place in Philly that has passed the test. House coffee is excellent as well. 
Would give it 5 stars but find the ambience somewhat sterile.This is the closest thing I've eaten to a real almond croissant in France. I loved it. I would recommend the almond pastry again & again. The staff are super sweet, (they have the full French accent too!) and you really do get a taste of France when you're there!Delicious, clean, and friendly.  So happy this bakery opened!  Very personable staff working there and the lunch items and pastries are fresh and taste just like they do in Paris.  :)  Can't beat the La Columbe on draft, either.  A great addition to the neighborhood.Great new Bakery & Café. I had the latte with almond milk & crepes with Nutella & bananas. Modern decor, outdoor seating, and overall a good place to get your cafe on !A lovely space, we especially enjoyed sitting at the front with the windowed facade slid open. There are a few tables on the sidewalk, some counter seats, and bistro-size tables all the way back (it's quite a deep space).
Early afternoon on a Sunday, the pastry cases seemed a little empty; however, I appreciated the variety of the offerings, and the croissant I chose was flakey, buttery, and delicious (I always have to see how the croissants are as a threshold matter!). The mocha was good--could've been a little hotter. The mini meringue that came on the side tasted a bit chalky.
I appreciated the baguettes (French and sour dough) available for sale along the wall and the gender-neutral (single) bathroom in the back.I've been on a quest for years to find the most authentic chocolate croissant in the United States. I was spoiled a few years ago in Paris and aside from one bakery in Seattle, no place has come close until...J'aime. We've stopped by in the morning, in the afternoon, and right before closing and have gotten consistently good product. It's especially great because they make the croissants on site. I honestly haven't tried anything else yet, but I know in my heart their other baked goods are just as delicious. This is my go-to place for french pastries.I've been meaning to check out this bakery since it opened and am so happy I got to stop by today! The ambiance is pleasant and we were able to snatch a pair of seats in a comfortable booth. I love the modern/minimalist chic look, though I was slightly disappointed that the selection of pastries was a bit minimalistic at the time I came in as well. (Sunday afternoon) I'll have to stop by earlier in the day next time! 
Nevertheless, I got to try a selection of pastries and definitely think that whoever makes these pastries knows what they're doing. They completely nailed it in the taste and texture department. 
First, the Paris-Philadelphia - their take on the traditional Paris Brest. Instead of a ring of choux pastry, it is presented in an oblong shape filled with Nutella cream. I was a bit surprised to find that the cream was a bit more on the "buttercreamy" side, but the texture and flavors still worked. The toasted almond slivers on top added a nice touch!
The napoleon (what I grew up knowing as a mille-feuille) was right on in terms of texture and flavor. The puff pastry had the right level of crisp and flakiness, while the pastry cream was perfect. However, the version I bought was a bit too minimalist, especially when factoring in the price. It only consisted of 2 puff pastry layers instead of 3, and only had 1 layer of cream. It also did not come with any toppings. I also noticed that my piece was smaller compared to ones other reviewers posted in their photos on this site, and I don't think I paid a lower price for it. 
I also got to try the blueberry galette, which was like a mini blueberry pie. It may have looked simple, but had a nice touch of citrus flavoring in its filling! They were kind enough to warm it up for 30 seconds for us. 
The staff was friendly and pleasant. Not convinced that they are knowledgeable of the products sold, but they definitely showed effort! My favorite thing about this place is that they serve Kusmi Tea, and I love the small piece of meringue they had included with my tea!I've eaten many pastries in Paris and I think that the treats at J'aime are as good as the best that you can find there. J'aime is my goto patisserie in Philly. The staff is super friendly. It's also a fantastic place to hang and get your work done.Only came once but fully intend on coming again in the future. The ambience of the place really gets me - white everything, plenty of natural lighting, a lot of seating, and then the smells of a bakery permeating every corner. It brings you certain places.
As I cannot drink any caffeine, I opted to get a pastry. Did my research beforehand and got the orange olive oil cake and man did that live up to expectations. I wasn't really sure of what to expect because orange and olive oil are not flavors I'd put in a cake but they go so well together! It was maybe a touch too sweet for me but I also prefer things on the less sweet side. Texture was crunchy and soft at the same time (I know some people hate the word but it was hecka moist too) - there's little surprises in each bite when you crunch down. The slice was also huge so I felt like it was money well spent.
I spent my time here reading (quiet enough that you won't get too distracted) and then catching up with a friend (so loud enough that you won't feel bad holding a conversation). 
Overall, great cute little shop. Visit if you can!I'm a fan of this place, but I think I had unrealistic expectations after reading the reviews. The cappuccino is great. It was smooth, hit the spot, and powered me through an work session. The croissants were promised to be a bit of France here in Philadelphia. They were fantastic, crispy, subtle, with the perfect amount of chocolate. I think the key aspect for me was the customer service. They were incredible and gave me a Jefferson discount, even when I didn't have any ID on me, but came straight from work. By the way, Jefferson affiliates gets a discount! No reason not to come here!Cute little coffee shop with a nice atmosphere for studying and they have free WiFi!  I only had hot tea which was kind of expensive and the food looked good but I didn't have any because I had just eaten before I got there. Would definitely come back!J'aime is a charming bakery that offers delicious french pastries and snacks. The interior is bright and clean and there is outdoor seating for when the days are beautiful. 
I ordered a pain au chocolate, a cream puff, and a spinach and mushroom quiche as well as iced coffee (they offer la colombe, btw). The owner (I assumed, from the french accent), threw in a free croissant for my friend and I which was pleasant surprise. Everything was above my expectations and delicious. 
My only gripe is the hours are a bit short-- but otherwise, I would highly recommend a visit.I've stopped in here a number of times on cold mornings before work for a pastry treat and have never been disappointed. I've been desperately craving French pastries since I visited Paris and this cafe really does the trick! Their almond and chocolate croissants are light and not too sweet (and they're often pretty large, which is always nice!). I recently picked up a slice of orange olive oil cake and am obsessed - I can't wait until they have it there again! I wasn't sure what to expect but the poppy seeds were a pleasant surprise and the orange was very present throughout. I always look forward to stopping in when I'm nearby!Cute place, I really like the European types of dessert that they have. 
A very good place to go to hang out with friends and pastries to share.I really love the concept of this bakery! Very minimalist and modern decor. The pastries were delicious and high quality. The beverage choices were unique despite being your average coffee and tea options. 
I had the Paris Philadelphia which was a delicious crunchy pastry with a sort of hazelnut cream filling. The almond croissant was exquisite. There was a creamy and fragrant interior that made the croissant have a special taste I could not compare to any typical almond croissant I've had before. Overall, all the pastries, breads and baked goods were clearly made fresh and of quality touch. 
Their tea choices are interesting. The basics like earl grey and hibiscus have hints of other flavors too, like lemon or mint! There's a little sign on the counter that describes all the flavors. Although they don't have iced tea as an option, I got a hot tea with ice on the side. The employees even gave instruction on the optimal time to seep the tea bags! It's these little details that made my visit to J'aime enjoyable. 
The seating space was rather narrow in the back, but there was a range of window seating (square tables), small booth seatings (seats 2 people), and little tables in the back that had a long booth stretch back with chairs paired up with the booth seating. 
I loved the minimalistic touches. White marble tables, modernistic lighting, black/white wall art and simple little French-inspired paintings. Green plants livened up the space too! 
Overall, my entire experience at J'aime was a perfect coffee date. My only recommendation is that they play more music that fits the theme.Stopped in yesterday on their opening day. They've done a very nice job with the place and they've clearly made a major financial investment in it. It is bright and cheerful, with neutral tones of marble, off white paint and grey accents. The tables are nice, they have a mix of seating, including white painted metal industrial Tolix style chairs, a couple booth style seats and a longer bench running along one wall. The cafe is meticulously clean and the display cases and counter are well lit. They have modern payments methods available, including Apple Pay. The view of center city street life from the cafe is lively with many locals walking to and fro, making the front seats pleasant in this regard.  The pastries are beautiful and delicious. I had a raisin roll, which was custardy and addictive. There were apple turnovers in the display case that looked like pieces of art, as did all the other pastries. Also had a cappuccino, which was nice. All in all, for opening day, I think they hit a home run. It's so difficult starting a new cafe and it is inevitable that there will be kinks to work out, but these weren't apparent. These guys thought of nearly everything, and the staff was very friendly. I was impressed by how seamless the operation seemed, regardless of it being day one - so hats off to what must have been incredibly meticulous planning, training and organization. All said, nice new addition to the neighborhood; I wish them well and will be interested to see how things evolve there as the business matures and as locals begin to discover the new cafe. I know I'll stop by when I'm in the mood for a delicious pastry.Looking at te reviews my expectations were pretty high but I have to say that the pastries as well as the coffee (latte) were amazing. I've been told the pastries are made fresh every morning and you can tell the difference. Coffee is from la colombe !We loved sipping on our draft lattes while getting some work done at this bakery! The decor is very chic and they offer free WiFi for patrons. I can't wait to return and try more of their pastries!I tried three things here: eclair, chocolate croissant, and an iced latte. All three were delicious! I am going to come here again for sure. Cute place with a lot of options. I would try all of their baked items. The seating areas were clean and the ones by the window seat were nice today bc the sun was shining and it was a Friday. You could watch the people walking to work or wherever.Great little addition to center city!
Very nice and inviting, clean, spacious interior
Lots of options of pastries and food
Very nice staff
Prices are pretty reasonable
I had a chocolate croissant which was delicious!
No real downsides that I can think of? I suppose I don't know what some of the pastries are but that's my fault for not knowing French. 
Great option for a quick bite or coffee!I am so lucky to work right around the corner from this sweet little patisserie. I have had several pastries from here and they were all delicious. My fave is probably the almond croissant or the yummy citrus cake. They also save the day most days with great house coffee. Definitely worth a visit if your in the neighborhood!No doubt the best French bakery in town. Croissant are to die for. And with amazing service.Delicious blueberry galette!   Sweet like a tart and somewhat runny like a blueberry pie.  Will definitely be back to try more pastries.  I also had a really good tangerine juice.I had high hopes based on the pictures and reviews but was left unfulfilled. Their menu is quite sparse, I wish they had more to offer. I got a mocha latte but it was quite bitter, more so compared to the other mocha lattes I've had at other cafes in the city. I got a brioche roll as well which was very dry and small for the price it was allocated. Last but not least, I was confused by the service. When I walked in, there were two people behind the counter, one was already helping another customer and another was talking to a friend. I was waiting for a good 5 minutes and there was no acknowledgement or anything. I will pass this next time around. Go down a few blocks to Bluestone, it's not worth it.Super cute place! No outlets or WiFi so bring a book or a friend and enjoy! My husband and I got the madeleines and the Black and Tan -both were great. Madeleines were soft and not too sweet while the coffee was refreshing.The baked goods are very good. But the staff doesn't know how to make a latte with la Colombe coffee which is always good except when I go here.Cheaper than a flight to Paris, with coffee and pastries that are just as good. Ive complained for years that you can't get good croissants in Philly. No more. This place, With the owner / pastry chef trained at Lenôtre, offers French pastries that tempt the eyes and tastebuds. Add to that the fantastic coffees and you have a true Philly gem. I can't get enough of this place.