Quite simply, all the food was just bad. I love Chinese food and lived in China, and this was American nonsense. So many better spots.Went late night. Ordered take out and it was pretty good. Prices are alittle higher than what I am used too and their menu is all over the place but all in all it was a good meal. This is one of the few places I go a lot. They do have off days but most days it's great.Our food was brought out one thing at a time so my wife had his appetizer and dinner before I had been served anything at all. I ordered pan fried noodles and ended up being served a block of uncooked ramen noodles with chicken and gravy poured over the top. My wife's General Tsos was decent and the chicken wing appetizer was cooked perfectly. The service was horrible.I walked into this place with my family and was not greeted by any of the staff. The worst part is when we asked for a menu the cashier told us they didn't have any menus so we left then they started asking us if we wanted to dine in?! Avoid this place if you can! I've never received this kind of rude and hostile service ever! There's so many new restaurants in Chinatown so why come to this filthy place!Food was wonderful but servers are terrible. They hover over you for more tips... he opened the book in front of me and said you tip now. Mind you, whenever we go out we don't care about prices & always tip well,
as long as the food is good then it's worth it. But this was ridiculous and unacceptable. He demanded more tip when he did the bare minimum--literally bring the plates and take them away.Been here many times, but most recently came here last Sunday night with my fam.  We all weren't that hungry, but we had to go to Philly anyways to pick up my brother when we were finished (he was at a wedding reception).
We ordered 5 dishes (and usually if you're in a group and order a decent amount, you can ask for the soup of the day, which should be free, but maybe only if you ask in Chinese?  one of the perks of being Chinese in a Chinese place I guess!  We ordered some watercress, tofu/fish hot pot, fried chicken (not the exact name, but it comes with those colored chips), General Chicken (for my sister's white husband, the real Chinese stuff is weird to him), and finally, a special that I didn't know about , Fuzhou style ribs!  Oh man, that was so good, I totally didn't expect it, but they made it.  So good, tastes just like when I was in HK and my grandma made them.  Thing is, it was made with taro and not potato.
Dessert was red bean tapioca, but it was yellow.  Sorta odd, but still good.  
Overall, for 5 people, it was 56 bucks.  Not bad!!
*more description on one of my fav dishes, the Fuzhou ribs.  It's sweet and tangy, and the ribs are chopped (looks like cubes) - bone still in (some are boneless, but they're no fun to eat).  The sauce is isn't runny, more thick (like General Chicken).  I say, TRY IT!Once every month, I come to Jade Harbor to eat with my family or friends. I'm surprised by the low rating for this place. The food here is better than Rising Tides and Tai Lake combined. And it's cheaper! Try the sweet sour pork chop or the salt baked soft shelled crabs, you can't go wrong on them! The service is what you can expect at any Chinatown restaurants. Bon appetit!Always go here for a late night meal! It so Delicious. But there are stuff you have to look out for. Like Walnut shrimp, I believe its 10-15 dollars. But you only get 7 shrimps!.... I like to count. LOL but still it was good!I have been coming here for almost 10 years. I used to go a lot more for my late night after the club food and it was always great. The food is tasty well made and usually fast. 
My favorite dishes are the  beef pan fried noodles always crispy with not too much sauce and a good amount of beef. The salt and pepper tofu is another one of my favorites. It was originally ordered by a friend of mine who is a vegetarian and I liked it so much I always make sure to get it. The fish maw soup is also really good make sure you ask for soy sauce with chili peppers to spice it up a bit.
I don't find my self in Chinatown as much as I used to and this last time I went with family and the service was a little lacking they forgot one of my orders and refilled a water glass and the water had a fly in it. I wont let one bad experience effect my overall review too much, but hopefully they aren't going downhill.I liked their soup (ginseng and black-bone chicken). Steamed fish was good too. I would have gone there more often if it seemed somewhat cleaner.got typical fare: chicken, squid, mustard greens, etc. and it was all yummyI've been going to jade harbor for a few years now.  Lately I've been feeling more and more not welcome in the restaurant.  Lately I feel like If you are not Chinese you won't get service in this place. Service has been subpar and the food has definitely gone down hill.  Tonight we were given the wrong food then our kung pao chicken came out and was basically a plate of sauceless celery with a few pieces of chicken and peanuts mixed in.(-1 Minus one star for the aesthetics) everything else aside the service is lightning fast and if you  want to sample decent (NON) American Chinese food this side of Asia come here!Nothing is better after a night in CC then ending the night with friends and some food from Jade Harbor. The food is reasonably priced and they have a very wide variety of things to choose. It's usually not a Friday or Saturday night unless I end up here with friends and then proceed to get 3 degree burns via the tea they put on your table. My only bad experience was one time when I tipped the waitress (20% mind you) and she said "no no no...more" and pointed to the tip line. I smiled and proceed to cross out the $10.00 amount and leave $0.00. The same waitress has waited on us since then and I think we have an understanding....
All in all a great place though.Our food was brought out one thing at a time so my wife had his appetizer and dinner before I had been served anything at all. I ordered pan fried noodles and ended up being served a block of uncooked ramen noodles with chicken and gravy poured over the top. My wife General Tsos was decent and the chicken wing appetizer was cooked perfectly. The service was horrible.Came here last night because I didn't want to head to Tai Lake and definitely didn't feel like having Chinese at all. But my party did and so we went. It was better than I expected. It's better if you go for the seafood options and the prices are extremely comfortable for the portions they gave.
They first started us off with free chicken soup. Standard at some places but they put some Chinese herbs in it to give a clean and slight bitter taste. If you're Chinese and your parents have made certain soups and swear that it took them forever to make, you'll appreciate this soup otherwise you may dislike it. Whatever the case it was free, you don't have to drink it. Then our appetizer came, we ordered jellyfish. Very very big portion for 7 bux! Anywhere else is half the size easily and you probably can't screw making these things cause I don't believe it requires much cooking. It was good in my opinion. Then the razor clams came our and they were cleaned and cooked placed on top of their shells. Again a good hearty portion. If you enjoy razor clams this place may e one of the very few restaurants that would have it in a regular basis. A lot of others claim that it's seasonal and they don't have it. Then our fried tofu with lobster sauce arrived. I have to say I've had better but notably this place makes it very different. They use real lobster chunks on the sauce and inside the tofu we found that it has shrimp mixed in. They where huge of course but a bit heavy for me. It was possible that I was already overwhelmed. Lastly we had wheat noodles. It's one of my favorite safe dishes. It was what it is - safe. Nothing spectacular about it but the price. Cheaper then everywhere else. To finish off we were given free desert like other Chinese restaurants, a sweet soup. Not your usual red bean watered down stuff like everywhere else - this was yellow bean with sago and it was not watered down. Very good. 
Granted that I normally don't prefer Chinese food if I had a choice, this place will be my first choice if someone had chosen Chinese for the night.Jade Harbor has been my girlfriend and my first choice since we moved to Chinatown. We tried it on a whim after we went to the Philly Chinatown web site. While some of the meals you find here are somewhat generic, if you know what to order, this place is phenomenal. I personally do not like David's Mei Leh Wah and don't understand all the fuss.
Things you should definitely try at jade Harbor:
* Crispy Seafood Rolls - One of their house specialties. It's a variety of seafood and veggies in a creamy sauce. They are fried in a delicate casing. not sure what it is, but to be honest, I don't care. It's delicious.
* Shrimp Beef and Chicken in hot garlic sauce - For those who like some spice. MMmmmm
* General Tso's Tofu - their general tsos chicken is just as good as the rest, but for some reason the tofu is kick ass.
As long as I live in Chinatown this is the place for me.Ok, so I actually used to be a big fan of this restaurant until about 30 minutes ago when they tried to steal my friend's phone. It really was a great spot to go to for after hours, but after tonight WE WILL NEVER COME AGAIN! 
We had left Jade Harbor and had gotten like a block away when my friend realized he forgot his phone. He'd been texting on his phone prior to being served, and there was no doubt he left it on the table. 
So he goes back to the restaurant, and the hostess tries to turn him away saying "oh, I don't know about a phone, you come back tomorrow." My friend tried to explain he was here like 30 seconds ago, and she pretended not to recognize him. After realizing that she was trying to shoo him out, he quickly walks past her up the stairs despite her protests ...
Once there he sees all the employees who had been working, sitting at a table with his phone in the middle (while playing with their own phones). He looks at them for a second, says "Fuck you," and grabs his phone and leaves.
The worst part of this is that we have been coming for past couple months and they definitely know us as regulars. I don't know what we did to piss them off (I thought they liked us?) but we certainly won't ever go again!
Please, if you have a nice phone-or are just outraged to hear about this happening-don't come to Jade Harbor!  It's just so offensive..Came here for a banquet style event, and I have to say I was impressed with the food (and the ordering). Given it was a large-ish event for their small-ish upstairs banquet room, the quality and quantity did not disappoint.
I tried the:
cold cut appetizer platter - while the jelly fish was not the best cuts, it hit the spot when you are hungry
soup - some egg drop chowder type soup, could do without it
steamed fish - standard
ginger scallion lobster - pretty standard, but meaty and delicious!
roast chicken - standard, maybe even slightly dry.
snow pea shoots - standard
tofu with mushroom sauce - I really enjoyed this one. A great vegetarian choice
beef (on a sizzling platter?) - loved this one. lots of flavor, vegetables and plenty of beef. I was surprised by how much I enjoyed it.
fried rice - hehe, to fill up your stomach space if you still weren't full. 
I waver between 3-4 stars for this place, but bumping it to 4 because I was pleasantly surprised by the banquet experience.My friend and I went this restaurant at 2 am. When we were greeted as soon as we walked in, and service was great. We ordered an order of egg rolls, and also an order of spring rolls. They came out within 10 minutes! they were so good. Our entrees came out not too much later. The food was so good. The only issue we had was with the check. We asked them to split it...but they weren't able to. I'm not sure if it was the language barrier, or what. Other than this really small issue, the experience was great. Highly recommend!David's across the street was WAAAAYYY too crowded, so we decided to try Jade Harbor at 2PM on a Saturday night.  Why is it so much less crowded?  I think just because of the prices.  The food seems similar, but about double the price?  Then again, I'm not much of a connoisseur of Chinese food.  I usually just order fried rice or fried noodles.  
We easily got a table at this time of night, which was nice.  As a vegetarian, I just wanted vegetable fried rice, which wasn't on the menu.  I asked the waiter about it and he looked very confused/ annoyed, but agreed to make it.  The portions are huge and they taste decent, but then again, most things taste decent at that time of night, after a few hours of drinking.
I have to give the waitstaff credit for their patience with the table of douche bags behind us.  They got in a fight with each other halfway through their meal and one of them almost overturned the table, and made a big mess with falling dishes and food.  He then ran to the door and screamed PEACE OUT BITCHESSSS to everyone in the restaurant, accidentally smashed his face on the door frame, and then walked out.  The staff cleaned everything up, kept calm, and carried on.I have been here multiple times and the mayonnaise shrimp is awesome. Great drunk food for sure! That being said, the service is not the greatest. If there is anything wrong with your order they will make it seem like its your fault and really don't care that you are not satisfied. They don't care about their customers at all. Unfortunate because it is tasty.First, I'd like to say that i never write reviews. I, having been a server for 4 years knows how hard the service industry is, so I take care of my servers based on how busy and how quick they react to the customers' needs. So we enter the premises and we were greeted with grumpy staff. This was the start of one of the worst services ever, ordered 5 items from the menu, and only 4 came out. It's been about a 45 min wait currently, and still the 5th dish never came out. People came for take out and others tables are being served while we wait. Water is warmer than the tea being served. And the hot and sour soup should be called cold and sour. It was ice cold. Then as we ask for the check, they box the 5th item. Wait....they want to charge me for something they packed before it was even served at the table!?!. Then they ask after 50min, if I wanted to eat it there.... Having 5 staff members on the floor while only 4 tables were being served with this  service is unacceptable. In my rulebook of tipping, I give 2 mistakes before taking $1 from the tip pot. With all these mistakes, I was already in the negatives. Please do yourself a favor and go to David's, which is across the street or Rising Tide. Save yourself the hassle. Oh, I also forgot to mention, the takeout order that was placed was sitting on the counter for 20min before anyone noticed that it was for takeout. They only noticed when my table asked for a check so takeout is out of the question......Philly Chinatown is so small and if you're not from the area, none of the restaurants seem to jump out as "the best" while you're walking around searching for some good Chinese food.  We saw that this place was decently crowded and we stopped a guy walking out.  He said that this place had fresh and tasty seafood.  
Walked in -- pretty crowded but we were seated right away.  Ordered some of my faves -- fried shrimp with walnuts & broccoli, flounder, oysters, jellyfish.  yum yum -- was a happy camper.  The shrimp & flounder were DEElicious!!  The jellyfish had a bit too much flavor to it but I've had a lot worse.  I prefer it having more taste rather than blandness.  Oysters however -- I guess Im not a fan of cooked oysters (half-shell junkie!!  swoon).  I couldn't eat the oysters -- didn't enjoy at all.  My dad liked it so I guess it was just me.  Also they gave us complimentary sweet soup at the end -- peanut & sugary??  
Pretty solid Chinese food.  You're not going to get the opulence of NYC but good food.
Service  -- didn't have any problems.  They were pretty friendly & there are english menus if you need as well.  BTW they charge more if you pay by credit which they didn't tell us -- so all of a sudden our bill was upped a few dollars.  pay cash -- save money! =)We're in chinatown, hungry, crawling to the closest restaurant .. literally, Jade Harbor it is! Lucky us they had one table available downstairs, Ordered the crabmeat with fish bladder soup, plate of baby bok choy, clay pot of tofu and grouper fish over a bed of lettuce, and salt and pepper seafood. It is one of the better restaurants in Chinatown for sure.I'm surprised by the mixed reviews this place gets.  I come here for dinner quite often and everything is always top notch.  Service is outstanding.  I always come with my buddy who is good friends with the staff and owner.  They have a full bar and can make most of anything.  I usually though stick with water and hot tea.  Occasionally I'll ask for a Tsingtao.  Most dishes are just killer.  Fish and tofu pot, fried squid, seafood basket, duck, fried chicken and of course the walnut shrimp.  I have dreams about the walnut shrimp.  They can accommodate most large parties (we last went with 11) and they are open late.  Doing some late night karaoke and want a bite after they close? Jade Harbor is still open.I came there on Sunday with my family around 5pm to celebrate a birthday, but was met with below par service. We were a group of six and ordered six dishes. One of those dishes had hair on it, and when we reported it to the waiter it was like he didn't believe us. No apology or anything. It couldn't have possibly been our hair because the hair was literally fried into the dish itself. After some hesitation, he brought a new dish out. We also ordered half a peking duck, which looked like skin and few pieces of meat strewn over pieces of prawn crackers. It most definitely did not look like $20 worth of meat. In addition, we had asked for water but did not receive it until we had almost finished eating. After this horrible experience, we asked for the check. As we were in the process of getting our payment together, 4 employees surrounded our table as if to do surveillance on us. We placed 10% tip for the horrible service, and they proceeded to grab and count the tip as we were getting up, stopping us immediately to tell us that tip is 15% and forced us to pay the difference. After this experience, there is no way my family and I are coming back.Great seafood , great hours.   An all around fantastic experience ..... have visited many times .... always a good meal and always a good timeGiving this place only 1 star because the food made up for the extremely lack of customer service. Got to the restaurant a little over 5pm for a family dinner of 8 people. To start off when ordering our food, the waiter didn't even know what we were ordering so we had to pint it out on the menu. After placing our food order, the Coconut Juice drink was not Coconut juice, it was a Coconut Milk drink. From there on everything we ask the waiter for we had to remind the waiter at least 3-5 times before receiving it. After eating dinner we were waiting for our check for about 20 Mina, the waiter walks up to the table with the check and just tosses it on the table and walks away. If you are thinking about trying this place out, I highly recommend order to take Home rather then eating there.I use to come here a lot.  The food is normally good.  I normally like to order stuff such as the stewed pork hot pot and salt baked squid which are actually my two favorites here.  
The one time I decided to bring my friends who happened to be Caucasian, they wanted to become rude.  The moment I go ahead and order my usual, they questioned me as if I did not know what I was getting into by ordering certain things and questioning my friends on spicy level.  
Yes I understand that they think that "hey, all of these white people, they don't know what they're ordering" since they seem to want to think that way when the ratio is higher for a certain race, but there is no need for dirty looks when also asking for rice.  
I've gone there many times and it was always tolerable (service) but this time was too far.  Also after everything has come out except for the one dish that seemed weird for them (stewed pork hot pot), they used two separate excuses of the chef forgetting, and not having it from two different people.  Obviously BS.  
I like to go out and eat a lot and I know that I should write more reviews on places that are good.  I have been working in the restaurant industry for a long time (14 years and I am 28) so I understand the adding the tip since they are usually probably bombarded with drunk people late at night that don't tip.
In conclusion, the food was good if i actually would have received both of my orders but I don't think I can go back after this experience.  It was not only embarrassing but also a shame.I wont even talk about the food because the service was awful! 
I came here one day and the place seemed half full at best, but that didn't stop from the staff from ignoring our table completely. We had to call over the waiter like five times for him to take out a paper to take our orders.  No water, no sauces and rice didn't come with the orders.  Come on! This is a chinese restaurant.  Rice should always come with the entrees. If they were busy that would be a different story, but they weren't.  Overall they were pretty rude and I will not come back to this place. They even had the gall to ask for a 15 percent tip when we didnt leave quite that much because we thought the service sucked. Isn't gratuity for the service and not mandatory? 
 I will not ever come back to this place!!Sorry to its fans, but JH is squarely average... food is fresh but generally bland, service is just OK, with the occasional unfriendly server, and the atmosphere is so-so.This is permanently my family's choice for a big casual family dinner. The service and food are great depending on what days you arrived. We usually eat here during the weekdays to avoid the rush of tourists. I love how they would give you something free depending on how much you ordered. We have gotten free beers to a free lobster. The snails in black bean sauce, the hunan shrimp and the sweet and sour ribs are definitely must tries.They seriously asked us for more tips. I can't beleive it. never had this situation ever in my life. Charge $5 for pot of tea we didn't even asked. Horrible service ever !!!!I absolutely love this place. It's the best place to go to after work because it's open! The hours are late but worth it to get amazing food. I have been coming here since I was a child and they would always serve me pina colada (virgin, of course). Down side is the price is unknown on the menu; you have to ask the waiter/waitress. The menu is in Chinese, so bring someone who can read it.I tried Jade Harbor as it always seems to have a crowd.  Service was poor from start to finish; the hot and sour soup was very bland and a little gelatinous; the "Happy Family" tasted like a frozen Chinese dinner entree and the 'lobster' portion was a simple piece of frozen lobster the size of a large peanut.  I do not recommend this placeWent to dinner with my family. The food was good. lol. Sizzling pepper steak. Snap peas in a garlic sauce, salt baked seafood and salty fish fry-rice. I was starved and everything tasted really good. The salty-fish fry-rice is an acquired taste. I wasn't too fond of this dish but asked for some plain steamed rice. 
Our waiter was really nice and very attentive. Our overall experience is good.If you are looking for good authentic Chinese food in the heart of Philly Chinatown, this is the place to go. I always go here whenever I'm in Philly! Love their fried pig intestines dish!okay seafoodWent here on a late night when my usual spot across the street was closed for a whole week. We decided to try something different and man can I tell you I have a new addiction.. Salt baked Shrimp.. the ones with the shell off that cost about $18, yeah I know pretty high compared to the usual prices I've paid for this meal. Only thing is they are the best I've ever tasted and so I will continue to pay this $18 price tag for this dish.. The rest of the food we ordered was good (salt fish fried rice with ginger,  seafood  pan fried noodles) but nothing to write home about..the salt baked chicken wings were soggy and unappealing and took forever to come out..  but those shrimp alone is the reason I have to give this place 4 stars. Our service was the norm Chinatown service. Anything we requested we received. The bill already had the gratuity added which I understand considering they probably get many late night drunk customers. Although we probably would have tipped more than what they added, but that's just how we roll if we have a good experience anywhere.This is a place which I haven't tried in Chinatown which is surprising cause, I've tried almost all the places. My first impression: not so good. It took forever for the waiter or waitress to come even say hello after we sat ourselves down. The water took literally about 10 minutes after we sat down and then another 20 minutes for the orders to be taken. There first waiter that took our order was very I'll mannered, almost felt like we were intruding their business (sorry that I'm a customer?) He looked very uninterested in serving us. I mention this because when he was serving those who are Chinese, good service was looking good. The night was saved when the second waiter came. He tended is for the rest of the night. Got our food for us, made sure everything else was good too. 
The food is average here. I still would prefer other places in Chinatown over this place. I do have to say, the food is very clean and tasty; I just prefer other places. 
Overall, just ok.Above Average Chinese food in Philly Chinatown. Food quality is decent and they have all the traditional dishes you would expect along with americanized items such as general tso's chicken.
Service is standard for asian restaurants as there is minimal interaction besides ordering. Parking is street parking or the number of parking garages neraby. I don't believe they do validation.
Important thing to note - If you're asian they will typically give you the cash price first! it's kind of a hidden rule. I made the mistake by taking the cash and paying with my credit card. When I did that they "accidentally" forget to add tax and charged my card then. They would prefer cash all the way so make sure you bring it!
We got peking duck, snow pea leaves, clams, fried crab, fish and house soup. I recommend all the dishes especially the house soup! 
Take a look at some of my pictures for recommendations!Oh no. There's got to be a better joint in Chinatown. The shrimp fried rice was bland and had 3 pieces of shrimp diced up. The beef was rubbery. The noodles (Lo mein) was over cooked. Not sure what people liked about this place. #neveragainWent there for dinner on a Saturday night early 630pm. No wait. Had some of the best food ever. Got the Hunan crispy fish. Outstanding. My wife had the happy family - lobster fish shrimp chicken and pork. Excellent. If u r in Chinatown in phily. Go there!!!We go this place for many years, it used to be a good place for dinner, but check your bill before you pay, they over charged us, sorry  you lose the royal customer.I called these people at 12 am asking if they delivered because I couldn't find them on caviar or grub hub. They answered the phone in Chinese...like whaat. After they told me they didn't deliver they immediately hung up. Okaaaay.Had a great time. The roasted duck was cooked very well! Tender and juicy! Also ordered the Dragon and Phoenix which was a combination of vegetables with Scallops, Lobster & General Yao's chicken. The chicken was all white meat. The scallops were delicious. The lobster meat was scarce in this dish. The House Special Fried Rice was very good although I think the pork component were chunks of ham. We had a group of 8 and decided to order a bottle of Jack Daniels which cost a whopping $45!!!! The portions were really generous and the staff was very accommodating and polite. I would definitely be back. Oh and pay attention to what you're ordering if you want to check the bill, you'll have to be able to read Chinese!Wandered around Chinatown on a Tues night in Philly after a day long convention with a list of restaurants that had been reviewed on Yelp, & one by one, we rejected them for one reason or another -- being too empty, having too long of a wait, looking nasty, etc. we stumbled upon Jade Harbor & it was half full of mostly Asian families AND they had a bar! Quickly looked them up & saw a 3 star review & some suggestions. So we went for it. Huge menu but we ordered Peking Duck (1/2 for 3 people) & the beef ribs which, to our pleasant surprise, came with a delicious sauce, perfectly crisp sautéed onions & bell peppers. The beef was delicious but did have a lot of gristle. The duck was delicious--not hot enough-- but w/ the buns, scallions, & sauce, it was awesome!! 2 dishes were plenty for 2 men & me, usually a light eater--I couldn't get enough!! I'm giving it only 3 stars because most of the servers were unfriendly (our server was nice enough), the tables were too close & small, the bathrooms were butt up (no pun intended) between the kitchen & the fish tanks wh/ kind of grossed me out...but lady's room was clean enough, had soap & towels & a lock that worked:-)Tsingtao beer was cold & delicious!I spent my 20th birthday here. Honestly, the food is very generic. I went again recently, and the Kung-Pao chicken is very similar you can get from any Chinese Food lunch truck in Philadelphia. The tea is always lukewarm, and the place is always dead.
For Chinatown first-timers, this place will seem tempting with its white table cloths, and more laid back atmosphere... but I'd encourage anybody in search of strong eats to keep walking or cross the street post-haste.I have to say this place is pretty good!
I've been eating to this resto more than 10 years 
The taste is always good!
Highly recommend.
From the seafood,veggies and chicken,noodles 
All is good...
And the sell alcohol tooIf your looking for a restaurant with great "wok hei," or high butane Cantonese cooking, Jade Harbor should be on top of your list to visit.  
The prices are very reasonable for the content/amount of the dishes.  I had four things that night: 
Salted Fish Fried Rice:  Great flavor and the rice was stir fried with skill that it was broken apart.  The salted fish was outstanding.  My only complaint was that they used alittle yellow food coloring in their dish. 
Grouper Casserole in Hot Pot:  This is NOT tilapia!  This placed used actual grouper fish.  Flavor was mild and mixed well with the other veggies such as snow peas and lettuce on the bottom.  
Chinese Style Fried Chicken:  The brine they used was great!  Chicken was fried to perfection and had the skin was thin and crunchy!  
Singapore Style Noodle:  This was the only dish I complained about.  Too little curry powder and too much eggs.  Made the rice noodles alittle soggier than usual.  Also, it was spicy nor salted enough.  
My total bill came up to be 70 something dollars!  It had enough food to feed 5 ppl easy! Would come visit again!  
-1 star for Singapore style noodles and yellow color in fried rice.Not the worst Chinese I have had, but in the top 5 of very disappointing!
I wish I had read these reviews first.
I have been to a few really great places in Chinatown, and have 2 really good choices near us in the burbs.
We just walked around and peeked in the windows. This place was packed and almost exclusively with Asian folks... so I thought how could this place not be up to par. Wrong!
First off, each of the wait staff made us feel unwelcome, I would go so far as to say they truly all hated their jobs. Now, to be clear, if the food were truly great, I would deal with that, no problem. But not this place.
The fried dumplings were actually awful. I mean seriously, fried dumplings  in just about any restaurant of any ethnicity are descent at the worst. Even the soy dipping sauce was missing ginger. I know... boo hoo right?  
The asparagus, crab soup was very lack luster. (my favorite choice at another place on 11th street) . The General Tso Chicken was greasy and also missing the flavor. Beef and scallop was also lack luster, though I will say that the actual quality of the beef and scallops themselves were both good, but the sauce was boring.
Lastly we ordered snow pea shoots (also one of my favorites at another place) OK, at best. I am sorry, When the food is good, I savor every bite.
NOT impressed this time. I would not give these guys one star, but I feel they earned the 2 star review. The meal (for 2 people) plus 1 beer and 1 Gin and tonic  after tip was $100, That is on the high end for me. Once again, if the food was really delicious , I would have not written this pretty horrid review. (read some of my other reviews)
My advice... keep walking and read these reviews first. I surely will next time.I haven't been here in years. We used to come here after the clubbing nights at 2am with a group of people and make such a ruckus (sorry staff for that). We no longer come at 2am or make a ruckus. 
And I'm happy to see the food never disappoints. We usually order our "regulars", fish maw soup with crab meat and salt baked shrimp, scallops and squid. Our third entree is usually clams with black beans sauce but we decided on something different, so we ordered grouper with black pepper sauce and it was amazing  
Everything is always good but definitely try the grouper; you will be happy and full. Service is very fast; we were in and out in about 1 hour! And the prices are affordable! We ordered 2 of the fish maw soup (one to take home), the grouper and salt baked seafood for $85 including a $15 tip!
On another note: no brown rice options, which kind of suck but the flavors of the food more than made up for that. 
On a positive note: they give you a free bean soup dessert, not too sweet, just perfectly deliciousYesterday, my friend and I visited Chinatown around 11 PM.  It was my friend's 20th birthday and we impulsively decided we wanted to go out and grab a bite at Chinatown. Our options were very limited because it was a Sunday night. Jade Harbor happened to be one of the very few restaurants that were open at the time. So, that is where my friend and I decided to go. I was extremely appalled by the service at Jade Harbor. Never in my life have I ever run into such a disrespectful waiter/waitress. My friend is a vegetarian; so, she asked the waiter to exclude chicken from a dish she ordered. To double check, I asked him if he wrote that down because I had a gut feeling he didn't and of course, he didn't. He shoved the menu in our faces and started to yell at us saying there was chicken in the dish. Everyone turned to stare at us. It was embarrassing how immature this waiter was behaving.  When I tried to say something, he rudely told me to be quiet with a finger centimeters away from my face. There is ABSOLUTELY NO reason someone's fingers should be that close to someone's face between a customer and a waiter. More importantly, he was not respecting the fact my friend is a vegetarian.  I cannot tolerate any type of disrespect in any situation. So, it took all my might not to react.  My friend ended up compromising and changing her order. The food is okay hence the reason I am giving Jade Harbor two stars instead of one. But the food really isn't worth your money when the service is so bad. (To be honest, bad is an understatement.)
Long story, short: Jade Harbor has bad service and the food loses its worth because of it.Foods ok, but terrible late night service, the waiters are extremely horrible.would be no starts at all,  but food was still ok.
but service.. come on, 
I've been to Jade harbor NE location and always had amazing experience.
But one in china town was HORRIBLE.
They offer on-line service, where you can order and pick it up at curtain time.
I ordered on-line,patiently  waited for my time, came in,  and lady said, that they don't provide on-line services.
Ok,this is odd... So i asked if i can order the same things right in the restaurant and wait a little, and what did I found out?!!!
PRICES are not even slightly higher, they are DOUBLED!!!!
well ... i still got my food, with a little wait...
 and probably never going to this location again.
shame on you Jade Harbor IN CHINA TOWN and learn from your coworkers on Bustleton.
very bad experience
BTW, the worts spring rolls I've ever had in china town!!!EDIT: I am shocked at the absolute change from my last dinner experience here. The food quality was surprisingly bad. We had a fried flounder, which was overcooked, and a brisket claypot, which had poor quality/tough beef. It also did not have any daikon. Lastly, our veggies had no flavor. The only thing good this evening was the salt-baked chicken, which was well-portioned and prepared. The dessert was a terrible green bean soup.
The most unacceptable part was that we were asked by the waiter to give 15% after giving 10% for poor service and poor food. I have never been asked at a Chinese restaurant to give 15%, especially if it was a negative experience. He dared to phrase it as the restaurant requiring customers to pay 15%. Tip is never mandatory except for larger parties, but even so, I have never heard of waiters demanding tip at Chinese restaurants. This will be our last time.
-
Having gone to David's Mai Lai Wah a few nights before, Jade Harbor was a refreshing breath of fresh air in both service and food quality. I was surprised at the dishes we had, which were in many ways comparable to SF Chinese food, and that's absolutely saying something.
We had the E dinner option, which included 4 dishes:
1. Peking spareribs - wonderful glaze, sweet and tender. Decent portion size and overall sauce was distributed evenly. 
2. Soft shell crab- salt and pepper batter fried. Well-prepared and every piece was edible. Not over-seasoned, thankfully.
3. Fried green beans - really great veggie dish with a bit of minced pork and some heat. Deep fried garlic on top really sealed the dish together and the beans maintained their texture. Solid.
4. Satay beef vermicelli clay pot - Surprisingly delicious with just the right amount of heat. Could have used a bit more sauce, as the vermicelli absorbed a lot of the liquid and ended up dry. But overall, great flavor with the Satay.
For only $48 with dessert (the most disappointing red bean soup with tapioca after 4 great dishes) and a soup, this is a great deal. Really a great competitor in Chinatown.One of the cleanest Chinatown restaurant I would dine at. I havent seen a roach there yet. 
Their food is always on point. I would definitely recommend the walnut shrimp, beef short ribs, steamed chicken, peking pork chops, clam with minced pork, steamed salt baked chicken, pan fried stuffed eggplant, snow pea leaves, and salt baked fried tofu. 
The waiters and waitresses don't talk to you, but they do refill your water whenever you're running low.Two stars for the great taste of food. Employees are not friendly. The area is dirty as well. We asked for spoons and forks and guess what? The waiter just hold it with his hands not even using some napkins and then when he got on our table he just put it directly on the table.This is the best Chinese restaurant in the Chinatown I've never had. My favorite dish the duck. The skin is so crispy! The lobster is really good also. If you are in the area, don't miss this restaurant!Authentic cantonese cuisine that keeps the traditional flavors and menus. I've tried many so call authentic chinese restaurants chinatown philly and this place is by far the best when it came to presentation and flavor. My family and I went on Christmas to celebrate and enjoyed everything we ordered. Service was good and atmosphere was what I expected. Price is on the high end, but you get what you pay for.Seriously though, this place has to be one of my favorite place to dine when I come back home. I've been coming here with my pop's since this place was taken over in the late 90s. I know some people don't enjoy it, but you just have to order the right food, and it's not your typical local Chinese restaurant where you order Sesame Chicken or Wonton Soup =D So what my dad usually order are (sometimes family meal combo): Seafood mahou soup, Walnut Shrimp, Jellyfishes w/ cold cuts, fish and tofu claypot, some sort of fried rice i have no idea how to pronouce, canton or peking pork chop, crispy skin lemon chicken (do not know how to pronouce), salt and pepper calamari, seafood chow mein (hoy sin chow mein)....i forgot the rest. Good portion and good prices!My friends who I called "Chinatown Royalties", since they know everyone in Chinatown especially all the restaurant staff and owners, swear by this place. Maybe I don't have the same discerning palate, or maybe they just go there because of their acquaintances but I don't see how their food is better than the other restaurants. 
Don't get me wrong, their food is consistently high up in quality and taste and the price is good, just for these factors this place deserves a good review but I still don't see it as a stand out. 
Ten of us got a table on the second floor which to be honest is kinda cramped. One of the tattooed gentleman seating across from us was smoking a cigarette and the waiter doesn't seemed to care. Yes, we're in Chinatown and certain elements are expected but the bottom line is that it doesn't make my dining experience better. 
We ordered the soup of the day, and nine different dishes. A clear soup beef casserole, the oh-so-popular mayo shrimp. a fatty beef casserole with enoki mushrooms, salted and thousand year old eggs with snow pea shoots, fermented bean paste with hollowed vegetables, sea cucumber and duck leg stir fry, a salted fish and chicken fried rice, pork and mushrooms with e-fu noodles, and something else. Everything was good especially the two eggs with pea shoots and the mayo shrimps and each of us only paid $17.
It's quite popular around dinnertime and we have to wait a while for our food, and the decor amongst other stuff can certainly be improved but given the chance I will definitely go back again.Food is above average in the Chinatown premise, but their service is terrible.  Be prepared to be rushed out.
I tried a lot of things there and I don't really have any dishes to recommend.  I would say everything tasted good, yet, not spectacular nor disappointing.
One good thing about them is they give out a dessert soup at the end of the meal.  If they don't, ask for it.  It is tasty.
I try to avoid this place because of their service, but you might see me get dragged in by friends once in awhile.
The End.What can I say... the service is sub-par.. the restroom like most Chinese restaurants are I. Dire need of cleaning and some paper towels... we ordered the half Peking duck and they brought back some pieces of meat with a lot of skin. When I said I ordered the half, the reply was.... oh it is... when we cut the meat out it looks little. I immediately thought... WTF, maybe they didn't notice that I'm Chinese and I have ordered Peking duck before from other places. This place is ONLY good for a place to eat when everything else is closed, maybe that's why they open  from 4 in the afternoon to 3 in the morning. Because they can't compete with the other restaurantsWorst $50 ever spent. 
Everything was frozen, everything was under seasoned, but yet overly salty.
The servers job was to take your order and to give it to you far from where you could reach it on the table. The busser job was to slam plates in a bus tub loudly, very loudly, in order to stack them more tightly.
1 star for poor service. 
Negative 5 for horrible food. 
Places like this make me wish I was the type to just get up and walk out.One thing to note about this place is that there is a particular waiter-- short hair, buzzcut asian guy with a light mustache--who will hover around you while you pay to make sure that you tip him to HIS standard. The guy will literally check your tip before you leave. He's approached me one time as I was leaving with his hand out saying "tip, tip" because he thought that I didn't leave him anything. Turned out, he didn't check with the cashier and panicked.  It's rather insulting to be paying for your meal and substandard quality service and also have these weird eyes creep over you as you pull out your wallet. As a general rule, I'll tip 20% no matter what happens because I understand bad days, having been a server in the past. However, the incidence with this particular waiter happened every single time that I ate here. He's horrible at both service and manners. It doesn't seem like management will do anything to correct or to assess service. That's the first warning sign that you should have as a guest when entering this restaurant. Management has low standards for the establishment.
As for the food, it ranges from average to below average quality. The best thing about this place is the shumai, which I've come to order as takeout to free myself from the abhorrent service. I also had the fish fried rice and some other forgettable dishes--none was that good to request again. 
Bottom line: there are other places in Chinatown that open just as late with better food and a more welcoming atmosphere.  I wouldn't recommend dine-in.Yum! This place was great! I've had Dim Sum everywhere, San Francisco, Boston, D.C., L.A., London, Cape Town, etc. But Philly Chinatown has a special place in my heart, and while this place wasn't quite as amazing as San Francisco and Boston experiences, it is really really good. Much better than the over hyped dim sum garden. They had really great congee, taro cake, loved their shrimp cheung fan, and their chicken feet! It gets pretty busy here, so def get here earlier on the weekends if you want to eat well!decent food! We ordered family style and they were very accommodating to the number of people we had. BYOB so we had a great time:) not necessarily sure if I'd go back but overall had a fun night.I went there last night, I have to say, I like the presentation; an authentic Chinese restaurant feel. The scallion pancakes are really good here!I'm from out of town, and came in first time ever, with a group of 6 friends. We asked if we could get food and drinks prior to even walking inside around 1am and they let us know we would be accommodated. That was a lie. They let us know the would bar close in a hour at 2am, so we quickly placed our drink orders at 1am... 25 minutes later, STILL NO DRINKS.... when we questioned where our drinks were, they acted as though we never even put the order in.... then they proceeded to say, yeah, the bar is closed, even though they led us to believe our drink orders would be made. They showed no concern for our disappointment. The food was good, but the service put a bad taste in my mouth. I will not be back.Going to keep it short and simple....food EXCELLENT! My favorite spot, service? TERRIBLE...the worst!
We were chased down literally by a waiter for more tip after we dropped 12%. I believe that's a lot for Chinatown and on top of that, the waiter didn't serve us at all! Because of that, will be very cautious next time.Excellent food at a great price. Ask for their secret menu item of stuffed jalapeños with black bean sauce. It's delicious!!!Get ready for an authentic Chinese dinner.
The food seems to be very Chinese, as my parents demand Jade Harbor every time they're in town. I think the prices are okay (sometimes the portions are small though), but I always find the menu overwhelming and end up not being able to find anything I want. Which is obviously okay with my parents.
My issue lies within the authenticity of the place--it feels like China! The tablecloths and seats are usually dirty, and I always find myself back to back against other patrons. The service is efficient but rude, and we often have to ask for things multiple times. At least they usually offer us a free soup of some sort--sometimes it's the best dish of the meal!Well, I was sat upstairs of a Chinese restaurant for the first time ever.  Maybe it was because I was with 3 non-Asians.  It's nothing big, but growing up, my parents never wanted to sit upstairs.  I guess that just got ingrained in me, so I was hesitant to sit up there, but relented as me and my friends were tired. 
I was touting the food here, and again, Jade Harbor did not disappoint.  Got the usual - fried half chicken, beef short ribs with peppers and onions, fuzhou style ribs, baby bok choy...can't beat it!  I highly recommend those dishes, do it, you won't be disappointed...I promise!Typical Chinese restaurant so don't expect great service, but food was good.  Would definitely go again.I wish there was a zero stars option.  This was the worst meal I had in my life and the dishes were outrageously overpriced.  Had the Hunan fish, sauteed squid w. garlic sauce, and sauteed mustard green.  The Hunan fish was mostly bones, the squid was of an imitation kind, and the mustard green were rotten and tasted like hot garbage.  Do yourself a favor and avoid this place if you dislike eating hot sewage for a meal while throwing your money down the drain at the same time.We were treated so rudely. As a matter of fact, I've never been so offended by a restaurant. I didn't think this sort of thing happened. When we sat down, our waitress didn't smile, she handed us menus and asked if we knew what we wanted in a clipped, heavy accent. A man brought us tea. We asked if there were any specials, we were directed back to the menu with a point. Tea was excellent. We didn't have a large budget so we ordered the Happy Family, to split, and two soups; along with crispy wontons and duck sauce. Hot & Sour was conventionally American (starchy) and tasted boring. The woman who took our order never came back to our table. A man, I'm assuming the manager, brought us our entree and one bowl of rice. I tried to stop him to ask for another bowl of rice and to inquire about the wontons. He glared at me and waved me off, quite rudely. He never stopped and continued back into the kitchen. A man brought us another bowl of rice fairly quickly and I had to sign wontons to him. Crispy noodles was the magic phrase. The Happy Family was buffet quality to fair and lacked any personality. The meat was well portioned, though. Lobster was listed on the menu, but there was not a single piece to be found in the mix. No one came to ask us how the food was. It's important that I note that every other table was being looked after. The staff smiled and was very courteous, jovial even. We were not treated as nicely. I HATE to bring this up, but we were the only European Americans in the joint there without East Asian counterparts and we are also gay, and I know for a fact it's not hard to tell. Sorry, folks! This place treated us differently then anyone else. After we finished without any interruptions, except when I made eye contact with a bartender in order to get a knife, we were given our bill. Our service had been awful, so a 10% tip for purely running us our food seemed appropriate. When he picked up the bill, he opened it and stated that there was a minimum 15% gratuity. This is not posted. We looked at him, stunned, because it's very rude to ask for more money when the bill is paid, a tip being an indication of our satisfaction with the service. We informed him that that was all we were paying. He then demanded another dollar. I obliged because I'd never even come close to this level of uncouth. I departed with, "Sorry to bother you" and headed out the door. It practically ruined our evening. It's hard to believe that a place can stay open if it treats any of its customers that way. If they had not wanted to serve us, it would have been kinder to turn us away then to treat us so unkindly for 40 minutes. I guess we didn't spend enough money to be treated with courteousness, either that, or they don't cater to "white" Americans with the same aplomb as they do others. It is Chinese American food at its most bland, and far from being a decent place to eat. Don't bother asking for any explanations or to be treated especially well if you're not dropping some serious money. Beware, it may have been a bad day, it may have had nothing to so with our skin color or personalities, or it may have been that black cat that ran in front of my car: this restaurant goes on my Black List all the same.The food here is good.  Seriously.  
Read my other reviews to see what to order.  All my friends (asian and non asian) like it.  Yum.  
It's also a byob.The first time I came here I had a pleasurable experience. The food was great and service was OK. I decided to come back here months later but my experience was different than I had expected based on my first visit. First of all, one of the dishes we ordered had hair in it, which doesn't sound like a big deal for most people, but for my family, we are pretty grossed out. However, they did end up replacing it with a new dish to please us. Second of all, the duck dish was a total rip off. We paid a hefty price for half a duck which in reality was literally 5 pieces???? Finally, after our meal which was so-so we got our bill. Now this was my biggest issue of them all. EVERYONE (meaning the waiters and waitresses) was eyeing our table. Not only did we feel so uncomfortable, but we were ready to leave that place. I kept looking at the waiters/waitresses and they kept looking at my sister (who had the bill) and talking to each other as if they wanted to make sure we were tipping enough. Because they did that, we only tipped them the amount we thought they deserved. As soon as we got up, they rushed to our table and realized we didn't tip the amount to their liking and demanded my sister to pay more. How humiliating and disrespectful is that!!! It was a whole gang of them surrounding my sister (since she was the last to leave the table) and seemed to look down on her. Shame on these people. Never EVER coming back. Good food but HORRIBLE service.I was glad this restaurant re-opened I used to go here when it was spice-mandarin after they closed down, it was just Ruby garden, and honestly if it wasn't for convenience I wouldn't even go to Ruby garden, I was excited that Jade harbor opened first time I had dinner here with my family, the inside is nicely lit, and busy food came out fast, very very good!  Not too salty but yet not bland!  Second time I took my employees here we had a 10 course meal, we walked out so full!  3rd time came here with a bunch of friends once again good service and food!  Saves me a trip from China town!The food here is absolutely delicious. I had steamed dumplings, General Tso's chicken, and pan fried beef noodles. The food and drinks were reasonably priced.  I will most definately be returning to see what other food they have to offer.  In case you are in the mood for some late night dim sum they are open until 2am.  Enjoy!Dim sum is nothing impressive but the dinner was excellent. They have great late night hours and saves me a trip to Chinatown.My first time visiting this restaurant service was pretty good. I tried the spring rolls, and shrimp dumplings for appetizers. Both were very tasty, I'm a huge fan of spicy food and the hot mustard they serve with the spring rolls did not let me down. I got the stewed pork belly I would never get that again. The food was tasty but the excess portions of fat served with the pork belly ruined the meal. Looking forward to trying another entree on a later dateAuthentic Cantonese dim sum, the portion was big, the flavor was yum and traditional. The vibe was also so Cantonese, definitely return again! The chicken feet was so soft, easy to chew the bones out!Went here for dim sum! Fast and good service but there is not enough selection compare to Chinatown! ;( pretty decent though .. I came here at night time for Chinese food! Pretty good like in Chinatown  but the price seem to be more expensive than Chinatown! Overall i would come here if i get too lazy to travel to chinktownI'm so glad we tried this place, thanks to a friend. The atmosphere is very fast paced and loud. Know what you want when you arrive!
The food is incredible. The BEST dim sum, and so conveniently located! We tried the House Lo-Mein, Sliced Beef with Chinese Vegetables, Shrimp Dumplings, and Pork Shumai. I can't wait to try more!
After we received our food, our waiter disappeared and we eventually just got up and asked for to go boxes and to pay. The quality of the food trumps that though. My husband asked if we can order takeout here all the time. I say helllllll yes!They used to be good, but this past Sunday I went with my father and was mortified with the food selection. There were only two carts pushing the same food, sundays are usually filled with options! I got a stomach ache immediately when I got home, and my sister got a stomach from eating the left overs. I also noticed the metal container they used for the dim sum are reused without washing, I thought it was odd, how gelatinous and cold it was at the bottom of a meat dish, but the meat itself was warm.. then I noticed the owner going around to pick up empty dishes and refilling them with food.. kinda nasty! Lets be real, stick with going to chinatown for better dim sum, worth the drive and money!Good location in the lower northeast. They also have a location on the corner of 10th and Race st. for decades. Again this location is great if you live around the NE. Don't need to drive to Chinatown and deal with traffic, parking, and the PPA to get good comfort Chinese food. Prices are very reasonable. Good place to get dim sum. Good place to have dinner with the family.Always consistent quality , very fresh  food , place is very busy usually (this is a good thing )
Very authentic Cantonese dim sum ... very friendly and intensive staff . 
I live in the north east and this beats going downtown and trying to find parking around China town . 
Highly recommend itBest beef ho fun in the city in my opinion. Service is quick and food is really hot and fresh when it arrives. I love the late night hours. Oh yea and how could u forget their yummy salt baked squid?!!What a shame to have to write such a poor review of this place due to the food is really tasty. I went here with two friends the other night for dinner. The restaurant was very busy which to me is a good sign. Well we sat down and ordered our food. My 2friends were served almost immediately however the waiter forgot to put my order in or the chef ignored my order. I must have waited at least 30 minutes after my friends were practically done eating. I had asked numerous servers about my dish who in turn could barely understanding my English. My advise to anyone is if you dare to venture in there you either better know how to speak their language or be of Asian culture.Food was okay...not as good as the Chinatown location and not too many varieties for dim sum. On the plus side, location is close to my house so it's more convenient to get to than driving down town.If you came here for the food, I don't think you could go wrong.  Everything we ordered tasted good.  However, the service is not that great.  The waiters were trying to rush us out the door after we were closed to being done eating.  WTFIts dim sum selection is very lacking. There were only two carts in the whole places, and most of the special dishes that I am able to get at most dim sum restaurants were only available as dinner portions off their regular menu. However, while their dim sum was lacking, their dinner makes up for it. This, like their Chinatown sister, is our go-to restaurant for authentic Chinese food. This place has the best salted baked shrimp that I've had in a long time.Cannot beat the $18.95 twin lobster special!
Plus, almost everything on the menu is good, especially the roast duck.
Owner (guy in his 50-60's in glasses) is super friendlyAuthentic Cantonese dim sum, the portion was big, the flavor was yum and traditional. The vibe was also so Cantonese, definitely return again! The chicken feet was so soft, easy to chew the bones out! 
這裡的點心很正宗，服務員一邊推著推著點心車，一邊用廣東話或台山話詢問：「要唔要鳳爪，排骨啊？」，非常有親切感！這裡的點心都很足份量，特別是牛雜給一大碗。這家的醬汁濃厚，食物新鮮，帶給我很多兒時的回憶。裝修也是傳統廣東酒樓，還有龍鳳雕塑在牆上。They are a great chinese restaurant in northeast philadelphia closest to Chinatown in philadelphia you can get.
They mess up my order once but, they did fix it once I explain what went wrong. I will come back. Price is cheaper than Chinatown restaurants lolWent here today to get my dim sum craving satisfied. The food today was decent for Northeast Philadelphia. They didn't have their non-steamed options available. Also, be wary of your card because THEY WILL cheat you and put more circles than you order. We ordered something to go and they put the circles down while we were waiting. They were more interested in turning the table over and pressured us to take something else. The guy then put am extra circle. You try to fight it and they gang up on you. LAST TIME I'll ever visit this place.I was with a small group. We had a few dim sum items & then they ordered off the menu. I liked the spring rolls, bean paste buns  & pork shumai from dim sum. They ordered a huge plate of steamed shrimp with heads on. The shrimp were tiny and did not appeal to me. Peking duck served with soft buns was good, but nowhere close to Sang Kee. Pan fried noodles with seafood was the final dish. I don't like those kind of noodles or the white sauce.
I'm sure if I'd stick with the dim sum or was able to order spicy favorites I would have enjoyed the meal. I hope to go again soon.I like to come here when I don't want to go all the way to Chinatown for some good dimsum.
The food was kinda cold when they came off the carts and gave it to my table.
The servers were kind and gave good service.
And then I decided to order fish congee for take-out and it was like 10$ for reheated porridge, cheap fish, which there were only 4 pieces of tilapia and the ginger wasn't even yellow, IT WAS WHITE. It was so bland that I couldn't even finish it.This was the worst General tso chicken I've ever had the chicken was definitely questionable the flavor was bad.This store when the invoice on the price of the price with the menu is not the same! Please be careful! . Sometimes companies directly on your list plus% 15 tip, and they will not tell you have added a tip! Please be careful!I went for dim sum today.  It was the traditional dim sum menu. Food was good, but the service was lacking.  I was put in the corner because I was by myself. Which I didn't mind. The problem is that if you are not familiar with the dim sum menu you get ignored. Thankfully I know the menu. But i do not recommend going there because the service was not good it seemed that I was ignored!!! I still like to look in the cart and view the selections.  I had to tell them what I wanted!I would love to give them an extra half a star. They only lack in service, but it might just because of my appearance. 
I've eaten here many times and every dish I have had has always been excellent. 
Dim sum, plenty of variety that include some of my favorites. Always fresh and hot.
I started writing this review prior to my girlfriend coming back to Philadelphia. Now that she is here and we frequent this establishment more than twice a week I have some added thoughts.
Treatment is much different when you are with an asian person. When I eat with my white buddy, they ignore us and give us the :"gweilo treatment". When I'm with my girlfriend they cater to almost every need and pay extra care to us. 
The food is great and I've come to enjoy more dishes than I would normally order under the "american chinese" type of foods. This is my new favorite spot in the NorthEast.Had lunch there today. Not sure why this place is so popular with the Chinese. Some of the dishes were so salty- fish balls and the calamari curry especially.  The flat noodle wrap w shrimp was just ok, not soft and thin like normal.  A lot of the dumpling are just average.   All of us were so thirsty after the lunch.  Not sure if I will
Come back.It has a good atmosphere, a large menu, and has great hours- it's open past midnight. It has a good selection, but what I got was just average for Chinese restaurants, it was overpriced, and I don't like what happened with my order. 
I saw scallops and beef was $12 on their online menu, besides a $14 scallop dish. So I asked him for that, minus the beef, and I wanted veggies. Their accent was a bit tough to understand, but I thought he said "No, it's $6", and with the 4 Shumai it would be "$10." As for the vegetables, he asked "Snowpeas?" I said, "You know, Chinese vegetables. Sure, snowpeas, onions, that kind of thing."
When I went, it turned out to be $16, not $6, for the scallops and vegetables. Looking on the menu, it turns out that there was an entry for scallops and vegetables for $15. But he said that it was $16 for me because of the added snow peas.
The lesson is not to order over the phone hear, because it can be hard to communicate, and the order could get messed up.
I felt bloated afterwards, and there was no sauce on it.
So if you are in the Northeast, it's 1 AM and you want some place with a nice atmosphere inside, I can recommend it. But if you are looking for a lot of good Chinese lunch for a good price, then I would recommend the two or three large hibachi buffets in the area instead.I absolutely abhor sitting in 76 traffic trying to go down to Chinatown to get some decent Chinese food. No more!!! The food here is just as good, if not better, than the food in Chinatown! You don't have to waste time going downtown anymore. Parking is available along the side streets. My first visit here was good so will make a return trip when I need my Asian food fix!I come here for lunch take out or dining abt twice a week, and we had few parties here too. Always great great transitional Chinese food and friendly staffs.  And we don't even have to drive all the way to their Chinatown location anymore!!Jade harbor surprised me. Came with my family to meet my cousin's fiancé's family and to somewhat celebrate their new engagement. We ordered the usual 8 course meal with soup and all. It came out delicious! Chinese restaurants never really stand out to me but everything was full of flavor and tasted great! We also got soft shell crab appetizer while we waited for the rest of the group to get there. My favorite is the seafood soup and they made it perfectly. It boggles my mind how full of flavor everything was. Everyone was complimenting and enjoying everything. We barely had any leftovers! Maybe they put lots of MSG in their food, I don't know, but everything tasted great!I was in the area and went in for dim sum. And the selection was horrible. Not fresh. Tasted like they reheated the leftovers from the day before. Won't be back.They're fast with the initial cart services and tea. Afterwards, you have to really try and flag someone down. It's cozy (aka a little tight) so carts can't continually circle the tables. Chinatown will have better dim sum, but this place is good for dim sum in Northeast Philadelphia. It isn't crowded, and I'm here with my family (total party of 3) at 10am on a Sunday.My first experience here not so good because of the customer service and that their food was way too salty ! I gave  this place another try during dimsum glad I did ! Their  dimsum is so much better than the ones in Chinatown!!! They have more choices at the moment and it can get really crowded here at times. Parking is so so. During Sundays it's  usually hard to find parking though. pricing is average just like Chinatown and the location is a plus because it is more accessible to people who live up north east!My daughter and I had dinner here last night.  The scallion pancakes were great, but a tad too greasy.  Ordered the wonton soup.  On the menu I don't recall it stating that there was any shrimp in the wontons, but after having two and asking the waitress, I found out that there is shrimp, which doesn't bode well for someone who is allergic.
Ordered the General Tso's chicken with sauce on the side.  It was quite good.  The chicken was nicely battered and cooked thru, the broccoli was seasoned well and the sauce was tasty and not too salty.
Will return someday for the dim sum.If I crave for authentic chinese cuisines, I always go to Jade Harbor in NE Philly. Why? Hates the traffic on I95, the parking, and the congestion downtown. I have to admit, the parking around Jade Harbor are no better but it will do. 
For dim sum, I always order take outs. It will be a nightmare trying to get tables or squeeze myself between tables. My favorites are ha chun (white dough filled with shrimp with soy sauce on top), chicken feets, and xin zhu kun(meats and vegs wrap in dry tofu). These are  MUST every time I order from dim sum menu. I usually buy at least 2 orders of each to satisfy my cravings, I know I sound like a pig lol.
Jade Harbor has been a stable for my family for years when it comes to celebration. Always go to JH for Chinese New Year, birthdays, family reunions, etc. Every time we go my mom order their combo meals enough for 10 of us also when we want to doggie bag. I have to have my fresh steam shrimps, seafood soup with red vinegar, fried seafood, etc.. My only job is to EAT, so there is plenty of entrees I don't have the names for. 
Reason for the 3 stars, like other yelpers stated, service SUCKS but the waitress DEMAND 20%. Even when we leave 15%, she is not happy. When is 15% consider low? I always thought 10% is low. Customer service NEEDS to IMPROVE if 20% tip is mandatory.It's not my go-to spot for dim sum but if I want some place close that's decent this is the spot. Their food are pretty good, on par with the Chinatown big players. But this review is mainly for their secret feature:KARAOKE. 
I had no idea there was karaoke, let alone a downstairs, until my friend mentioned it. They have two rooms available. When scouting for karaoke spots for my sister's birthday (last minute too) I was able to book it here the day before. I must say, I'm very impressed! System and song list were updated (none of that Asian "MV" for American songs). Price was good too, $150 minimum per table. Most karaoke spots in Chinatown have a limit on time but we had ours for 4 hours, no additional charge. It was a lot of fun. Staff, service, and food were excellent.Good location 
Good service , they can do better !
Price is reasonable ! 
Food is good ! But they can cook better !I wanted to try new a Chinese place. So I told my wife let's try this place. First wife said they were Rude, small portions & wasn't that good & expensive still was hungry afterwards. I do not recommend this place.$14 for chicken broccoli that tastes like the same from a chinese take out. Lots of starch in their chow fun noodles. Not a lot of meat in their portions.. Still good food.La primera vez que pruebo la comida me encanto...soy chef y la comida con gustó sabe riquísima la recomiendo 
....A Philly Chinatown staple now in the Northeast! 
Just came here for a party (8 tables, ~80 people) and I was blown away by the quality. My biggest reservation about Chinese food is the sodium bomb of a multi-course meal. I left this place full of delicious food and not bloated from the abundance of MSG. 
We had:
Cold Cut Appetizer
Mixed Seafood & Vegetable
Fish Maw Soup
Ginger Scallion Lobster
Crispy Chicken
Beef Short Rib with Black Pepper Sauce
Steamed Fish
Soft Shell Crab
Salted Fish Fried Rice
Red Bean Dessert
and tons of Heineken (it is a Chinese restaurant and they love them green bottles)
Try the sizzling beef short ribs in pepper sauce. It actually has a pronounce black pepper taste. Jade Harbor also has fresh Lobster, Fish, & Shrimp. Fresh as in it's still alive & swimming until the chef prepares your dish. 
All Chinese restaurants are kid friendly and Jade Harbor is no exception. High chairs available.
I've done take out here and the food is equally as good.
I wish: they got some better chairs. The angle of the chair leaves a lot to be desired. I don't want to sit uncomfortably upright for a 10 course meal.Formerly Spice Mandarin, Jade Harbor is still the dimsum restaurant I know and love. I love that it's located closer to me and I dont have to drive into the city, find/pay for parking, and that its always easy to get seated, even though it is crowded 24/7. The management is still the same, I recognized the owner from other visits when it was still Spice Mandarin.
They have all the basic dim sum, and I think their food is quality. It certainly rivals it's sister restaurant in CC and for me is just so much easier to get to. As a girl who grew up on dimsum, the close proximity just made me a regular. Perks are hours till 2 am, and you can also take out the dimsum if you dont want to wait on a busy day.Great authentic Cantonese restaurant.  Seafood choices are exceptional.  The clams in black bean sauce, steamed flounder, sauteed peas pod leaf and fish claypot are our customary choices and consistently well prepared.This place has the best seafood around. Went there today NewYears Day and it was packed .Me and my husbands been here before we ordered the crab fried rice and ginger lobster tails the were so deliouse. We came back tonight and i had the soft shell crab with ginger the best . my husband had the peking duck he loved it.we will be back...It's great to have a dim sum restaurant in NE but the set back for me here was my food was cold. I asked them to bring the dim sum cart around so I can pick my food and the lady told me the cart doesn't fit where they sat us. As for the food, like another yelper said the food was a bit too salty. The service was nothing to rave about either. I rather drive to Chinatown and wait in line at Ocean Harbour or City.We passed by and decided to grab a few items to go.  The shrimp with broccoli was decent and the white sauce was flavorful but they used baby shrimp rather than jumbo.  The shrimp in egg gravy over rice lunch plate was great, though, and it was only $5!  They have a very nice selection of rice plates, from squid with sour cabbage to stir-fried beef ribs, for $5, which is great, and dim sum, as well.  The har how are solid, as are the shumai.  The seating is cramped but the food itself is decent and the service is very efficient.  Not bad.Their food is good, but their service is bad. The employees are rude, which is quite typical for Chinese restaurants. The prices are reasonable.My new favorite place! Ordered the beef pan friend noodles, steamed shrimp dumpling and beef pan fried dumplings. Amazing! This place is 2 minutes away from my house I'm upset I've never peeked in before. Everything from the service to the Chinese beer was amazing. A hidden gem on Bustleton St. In NE Philly.I lived in the Northeast, if I want good authentic chinese food I have to drive to Chinatown. But since this restaurant is near my house, I dont need to drive to Chinatown as often. Their food is very good, similar quality in Chinatown, but their duck is not as good as Sang Kee Peking duck house. 
The ambiance needs a makeover. The curtains and carpets are old and outdated. But if you just go for the food and don't care about the atmosphere then there's not much to complaint about.I was in town for a few days and we had jade harbor everyday for breakfast lunch and dinner. It is probably the only decent Chinese restaurant around the area. Thank goodness they serve dimsum too. Lunch is super cheap, about 5$ for lunch box which was loaded the first day. The second day however, my dad had ordered the pork, duck and chicken over rice dish... it came with 3 pieces of duck... 3 pieces of chicken and 4 pieces of roast pork? Forgivable but so disappointing. Good thing it wasn't my meal. Their dishes are always on point. My favorite is the tai pan? mei fun noodles. It's a mix of seafood and the pickled vegetables. So good. Sweet and sour pork is bomb. There's another pork dish that's really really good but I can't remember the name. If I lived in this neighborhood, I'd come here faithfully.This restaurant serves are soso rude , they don't even get u time to order . U konw what I am not ever going back to this place.I love Asian food, and I like mine both authentic or Americanized depending on my mood.  Jade Harbor is certainly more of an authentic Chinese restaurant.
Bottom line, food is good, and it's served family style, and I've enjoyed most everything I've ordered.
If you aren't looking for Chinese/American food, and you live in NE Philly, save yourself the trip downtown IF you aren't looking for something specific (like the duck and Sang Kee or crazy heat at Han Dynasty, both places I love).  This place is a great quick-fix for authentic Chinese food, at reasonable prices, close to home.We came here after the bars closed on a Saturday night last year and got some lo mein and fried rice. It was absolutely amazing. Unfortunately at the time we didn't take down the name so I couldn't review it. Plus we weren't sure if we were biased by Saturday late night cravings. So we tried it again this past Saturday and it was still amazing. Reasonably priced. Good portions. And the lo mein is the best I've had in the city as it's very flavorful but not greasy.This place is so gross that I lost my appetite before the food even arrived at the table. There are currently 6 flies perched on the oily curtain by the front windows. I'm not even sure why there is oil on the curtain because it's not like they cook in the dining area. Also, we saw a bug crawling up this 3-panel room divider that they, for whatever reason, are keeping in the dining area. There is no one else in this restaurant given its 11:30 at night but there is trash all over the carpet even though all the tables are set semi-neatly. 
My server brought over a bowl and soup spoon for me and the soup spoon had a very obvious piece of food stuck on it. She didn't notice until I told her that it wasn't clean, and then she took it away and forgot to get me another spoon. She also spilled soup all over our table while spooning it into our individual bowls. I don't know what she is in such a rush for because there is literally no one else here.
Food is okay. I'd give 1.5 stars but I can't, so 1 star for everything else.I came in with my son and his mom, it's winter right now and we were seated right next to the door. My son is 9 mths old, our waitress took forever to come and see if we were ready but yet the group of Chinese men next to us that walked in afterward are all eating with at least 5 different waiters and waitresses already greeting them. I'm sad to say it only helps unless you're Chinese... Or know the language.....The dim sum is the best for me. Expect busy busy busy, everything else is perfect. I highly recommend.I've been going to the Chinatown location since I was in diapers and enough teeth to chew. Now that Jade Harbor II is located in the northeast (where I live and work), it has been a heaven sent gift. 
Great thing about it is that some of the waitresses are the same ones from Chinatown, so it is nice to see familiar faces :)
Dimsum in the morning is great! Hard to grab a table on Sundays, so go early. Nighttime, I always order the sizzling Szechuan beef, dragon Phoenix roll, and water spinach dish. 
There is also a karaoke machine in the rooms located downstairs. So if you want some fun, reserve a room!This place literally sucks. I came here for dinner about two weeks ago, it wasn't busy at all. I received terrible service from staffs. I had to get their attention to put in my order & they didnt even approach us to ask what we would like to drink. In the end, our bill came, the waitress didn't refill my water or come by to ask if we needed anything. We tipped her $6 which was 10%, even though she didn't deserve just that. The waitress counted the money in front of our face & threw it on the table and started ranting about how tip isn't enough. She wanted a "20% tip" but didn't give me good service. Stupid fucking bitch, watch out for these waitress and waiters they're super rude.We got there around 1:30 and it was pretty dead in there. We ordered a bunch of dim sum although the food tasted pretty good they were cold. Would be better if they were warm. After we paid up in the front we went back to the table to find someone to bring us a box to pack the leftovers which took awhile to finally found someone. We left tips on the table and while was walking out, the lady at the cashier kept staring at us. I thought she was going to say thank you so I said thank you, bye. But instead she asked if we left tips. Such a bad service we'll never go back.Parking sucks, But at least the dim sum is good 
Cheap eats. Take advantage of their $5 lunch rice combos, definitely worth the money.I eat dim sum here about once a week. Some of the food is just okay and others are better. I like the convenience of the restaurant , it sells all traditional Chinese food that you can't get unless you go to Chinatown and there's always traffic going back and forth. Since we're regulars the owners/ waiters always gives us drinks on the house (huge plus when I'm having dinner parties )The food suit my taste, really good. I have been a regular customer since last year. Highly recommended.if you spent over $ 50 you can get two ginger lobster for $15. Don't miss the deal!!!!!!!!!:))))))))All of food is trash. I can't eat any meal. The taste is awful. I am not recommend any one.Come here again ! Cooking getting better, service getting better ! And the price is really cheap , five main dishes plus one soup only $100 dollars ! Tips not include,
And the quality is good and fresh ! If you come here around this area , you may try it , you won't disappoint, I will be back soon !I like to come here when I don't want to go all the way to Chinatown for some good dimsum. It's almost always packed! So, prepare for a lot of noise and people squirming everywhere.
I usually go with around 2-3 people and we mostly eat around 3-4 dishes each. Total usually comes up around $30-50 excluding tip. Sometimes the food was kinda cold when they came off the carts and gave it to my table. Nonetheless, servers were kind and gave great service.
One day, I decided to order fish congee for take-out and it was like 10$ for reheated porridge, cheap fish, in which there were only 4 pieces of tilapia and the ginger wasn't even yellow, IT WAS WHITE. It was so bland that I couldn't even finish it.I took my family here for a birthday dinner. 
The steamed stripe bass came out after we finished other items like 10 minutes. 
But, they used a dead fish to server us, and they did not steam the fish even properly. The tail middle part of the fish was broken, and I could see the blood drifting out of its bones. 
They offered to replace the fish with another fish, I waited at least 15 more minutes.
Then when the bill came, they waitress had the nerve to ask for more tips.
The bill was $148, I gave her $160 and tell her to keep the change. She said that's not enough, I should tip $20 or more. I told her that she's lucky that I tip at all, because the service was terrible, I felt like being cheated. 
If I was not a birthday meal, I'd throw a tantrum but I kept my calm and never came back again. 
so beware of the foods they're serving you.  it may be shit that has been rotten for days.
This happened on 11/25/2018, around 8-9pm, I didn't have a chance to write the review until today.I come here today, they sell shrimp $45 of one pound . They didn't tell me before I order shrimp. 
I ordered 2 pound . When I'm going to checkout, I see the price.  Oh my god .  Total is $90 . I'm very disappointed.Went here on a Sunday and it was jam packed.  They squeezed tables and chairs in every inch of this restaurant. I waited all of 2 minutes for a table which was unbelievable! But of course, too good to be true. We were seated in the downstairs dining area, and the 3 of us shared a table with a family of 4. 
The space downstairs is tight, so definitely won't get a dim sum cart in that room. And don't expect a menu. Waitresses just carry plates down and place the dish on the table - you then need to refuse it if you don't want it.  Not a big deal, but I think you need to be a dim sum veteran to utilize this system. We, along with the others around us, had to request dishes which I guess aren't in the "carry down the stairs" rotation. 
Service was kind of slow for water or drinks, but the food itself was good. Dare I say, very good; very comparable to Chinatown. I probably wouldn't return on a Sunday, and with the name and location, I don't think it'll get any less crowded any time soon. But that's a good thing for them.I didn't know that the waiter thought we forgot to tip him so he literally ran outside and started cursing my parents out! What he didn't know was that his home boy already took the $100 tip!!! I was already in the car when this happen and had he done that shit in front of me it would have been a different story. They're disgraceful the waiter didn't even apologize. We will not be coming back here again.I come here all the time when I visit Philly for dim sum and even dinner. A bit too much you would think? NOT! Instead of fighting for parking in Chinatown to eat at one of those restaurants,  might as well go somewhere where the food is comparable and you don't have to stress out about parking. I'm picky about dim sum and this restaurant is just right! They are reasonably priced and service is quick. I like the food and the fact that you usually don't have to wait forever for a table. I also enjoy their dinners. Since I can't read the menu, I usually just pick one of the combo meals which is priced about $49.99 and can feed about 5 people. They also usually have specials for lobster which I always go for! You can't go wrong with lobster! For dinner, they provide unlimited rice and bring you fruits and dessert at the end of your meal. Overall,  I am glad that they opened this place in the northeast!Me and my family usually go here for dim sum and dinner for years . But tonight a horrible experience happened . We found a roach in the dish . But they came over and took it right away , so i didn't have a chance to take a pic . The server was like , "you guys come here a lot , it's fine " we were like totally shocked .And also they gave us extremely bad attitude during the whole dinner. NEVER GO AGAIN!!!I share this experience to let everyone know how NASTY this restaurant is .Absolutely love, love, love this place!!!
We are coming here every week, sometimes twice a week, dim-sum or diner.
The food is always amazing, service is quick and polite, the wait is always so short, prices are affordable.
Strongly recommend this place!!!
Compare to one in china town, it's 10 times better!!! 100 times better.Jade Harbor is my family's favorite Cantonese restaurant. Their dim sum is the best; large variety of dishes and very authentic. The do it the old fashioned way by pushing around the carts and you just order a la carte. Their lunch and dinner menus are good too. We recommend the walnut shrimp and fried pork chops. 
This place gets very busy so go early for dim sum or eat dinner at an off hour. The parking here is also very hard (street parking only). The wait staff work very hard but don't expect super, over the top friendly service.Dim sum was great and the boss that'd there or manager had the best customer service there is. Parking sucks but food was pretty authentic.Jade harbor is the closest thing I can get to Chinatown quality food in NE Philadelphia. Good for families. They have $5 Lunch specials- I got the beef chow fun and it was pretty good. I suggest calling ahead if you're getting take out--15+ wait. 
Definitely would come back.Food here was good but it's very cramped, uncomfortable to get by and enjoy the meal with so many people and things so close to each other. And the variety isnt that great for dimsum. Pricing was just alright.  It's convenient because of the location but I would go elsewhere if I had time. Parking is street parking, can be hard during peak times.Had lunch there  last month. Not sure why this place is so popular with the Chinese. Some of the dishes were so salty- fish balls and the calamari curry especially.  The flat noodle wrap w shrimp was just ok, not soft and thin like normal.  A lot of the dumpling are just average.   All of us were so thirsty after the lunch.  Not sure if I will Come back.The 6800 block neighborhood of Bustleton Avenue, Northeast Philly, has been reborn as a satellite Asian center now that both Chinatown and Washington Avenue have maxed out with markets, restaurants, sundry shops and boutiques that are very popular and have little room for growth, and almost nothing for more parking.  
This community has two dim sum houses.  We decided to try Jade Harbor first, and were able to park right behind the kitchen in the alley (please don't tell anyone else).  This Guangdong emporium has a few dining rooms on the first and second floors.  The tables in each are packed tight to squeeze in as many customers as possible, and the narrow trail from the rear kitchen to the front of the house is often clogged with people moving around to get to their seats or restrooms.  Actually, that is something of a good thing, as it forces the carts to navigate slowly or at full stop next to your table to allow a close inspection of the goodies, and to ask the women handling them for more information.  
We were seated behind the entry door to one of the dining rooms.  Three chairs, but really room for only two.  At least we did not have to wait.  Hot tea arrived quickly, followed by the first of many cart visits.  We asked questions and snagged seven dishes from Shrimp Shumai and Beef Meatballs to Watercress Dumplings and Sticky Rice Balls with Lotus for dessert.  Everything was good to nearly best of breed.  Special mention for the Sticky Rice Pork Dumplings that were sweet on the outside and savory within.  They were a first for me.  
As Bustleton is closer to home than a trip downtown, we will no doubt find our way back here with some regularity when the dim sum bug hits us.  That I was the only "foreigner" in a house full of Chinese families suggests that this place may actually be as authentic as the banquet halls on Race Street. Jade Harbor certainly seemed that way to me and my beautiful Chinese companion. 
Will explore the other dim sum shop down the street and get back to you.We didn't tip at the beginning. 
As closing time came and we wrapped up our meals, the server with glasses and short hair (whom is also the accountant after hours for the owner) from the beginning asked us twice speaking quick and in stern voice were we ready. After giving us our food, he never came back until we asked for the check. As he gathered our dishes towards the end, the server took the ceramic dish with soy sauce and threw it in my gf's bowl, splashing and spilling soy sauce. But on my side he calmly and light handedly collected my dishes. I understand the server's frustration, but we will understand why later. 
The owner ran after us and knocked on our car window asking for tip and said sorry. (Sorry for what I thought.) We explain we didn't have good service, and we asked him if servers get our tip. The owner said " him get it " (which I know is bullshit). He said sorry again and again holding out our check with a pen. I just wrote in a couple dollars so he could leave. 
I saw with my own eyes the tip bucket with the owner's hands in it. (The owner would take the last cookie.) And I saw the server give his tip to the owner. I believe this is why the server was frustrated. (Or maybe bc we asked for extra chili peppers. Or maybe we were the last customers.) If asked, the owner may say the tips are calculated into the servers pay, but I know damn well servers at a lot of these Asian restaurants get paid at a daily flat rate with no tip. 
It is normal for most Korean and Chinese restaurant owners to keep tips, especially from those who don't speak English well, who just came to America, who have trouble finding employment and who have trouble speaking for themselves. I can easily pick them out from the rest of the restaurant owners. I know very well because I am "some other Asian," and I am very well informed about my collectivist culture. I have seen customers give $50 dollar tip to servers and then see the server's expression completely change after the owner demands the tip from the server. 
I DID NOT TIP because I know the OWNER KEEP THE TIPS. Would not it be disappointing for you to know that your tip was not going were it was supposed to go? You can tell how the servers serve, their demeanor, and how they are irritable, careless, and just out right rude. But I don't blame them. I just look towards the owner. 
However, food was tasty, not over seasoned or salted. Chef's Special Sizzling Steak and Scallop was warm and not "sizzling." Vegetables were fresh, but broccoli was very tough. Fried rice was cooked to order and hot. I give food 3.5 STARS.So we came here for family dim sum.  This is suppose to be the new extension of Chinatown.  It is a very authentic place almost all clientele is Asian.  They do weekend dimsum and service is fast.  Prices are cheaper than in Chinatown.
However food wise it is close but definitely not as good as dimsum in Chinatown.  For example the crunchy dough in flat noodles were limp and lost their crunch.  The standard dumplings such as shumai and hagow is passable but nothing special.  Servers don't speak much English and there is a lot of yelling.
Overall it's passable but I prefer dim sum in Chinatown.