I went over to Jake's one day during my lunch break from work, as I had been eager to try that place out for over a year now!  Before I entered, I scanned the menu posted outside the shop, and decided to go try myself a cheesesteak.  I ordered the Steak and Egg; cheesesteak with American cheese and ketchup topped with an egg sunny-side up.  While the sandwich was listed as having sriracha ketchup on it, I'm not a fan of the hot and spicy side of things, so when I asked if I could substitute regular ketchup for the sriracha, the counter girl gladly obliged.  I also ordered a small side of fries to accompany my cheesesteak.  While I waited for my order to be ready, I noticed that at each table in the shop, there is a roll of paper towels--and I can totally understand why.....so delicious yet so messy!! I also notice that they have what they call a "5 Pound Challenge"--in which participants are challenged to polish off 5 pounds of food (a 2-foot long cheesesteak, 4 Philly soft pretzels, a box of Tastykakes, 24 Peanut Chews, and a Cherry soda), and if they have done so in 45 minutes or less, it's ALL free!  I could never eat that all on my own, but would love to split that with a few people!  Definitely a great idea for friends!  Can't wait to try more of their menu items including their milkshakes AND the chocolate covered bacon!I had the steak and egg, really good. Excited to go back and try the Village Turkey and the Barnyard.I really like the Schmeer.  I mean, really really like it.  It's just a delicious combination of tender turkey breast, provolone, spinach, sliced RED onions, roasted peppers, and a garlicky mayo on a soft, fresh yet crusty roll.  A whole sandwich will easily be enough for 2 meals.  I brought half for lunch and it was still delicious after spending a day and a half in the refrigerator, although I would recommend eating it fresh.  Dad's pick is the midtown chicken (he's trying to be healthier), which still tastes pretty darn good and indulgent with sliced, grilled chicken, avocado spread, peppers, onions, and a mix of cheddar and mozzarella, in a salad bowl.  While I'm a bread-loving gal, the salad and bowl options are nice if you want something flavorful yet low carb.  Apparently you can also get a sandwich over fries instead of a roll if you really are looking for a heart attack.  One of these days I will work up the gusto to try that.  In the meantime, I am very much content with the sandwich options here and even more grateful to my wonderful, foodie father who actually drives down to the city just to grab a few for lunch and dinner (and bring some extras for my lunch the next day).  Definitely worth a visit if you're in Philly and want a quick, satisfying, flavorful, and affordable bite.I I'm in town from Arizona and my wife saw this place on tv and told me I had to go. Absolutely worth it. Ordered the garlic bomb off their "secret" menu and it did not disappoint. Well worth the trip and the service was great. They were helpful, friendly, attentive and expedient.Thank you Jake's for bringing something different to the table. The Market East options in the sandwich department tend to mirror each other so it is great to have some variety in a menu. 
These sandwiches are true sandwich lover sandwiches. Great bread with fresh ingredients. I have eaten lunch in twice and the workers are very friendly and make it a casual environment. They probably eat for free all day back there so I would be a happy camper too. I have tried the Barnyard, Mensch and the Italian all of which make a great and filling lunch. All the sandwiches are $7 or $8 which isn't too bad with the quality of the products. 
My only true complaint is the fries. They are pretty boring on their own and not crispy enough. I will be back soon to continue my quest to try every sandwich on the menu, minus the leaner ones section, no time for that.I am sad to report I have not been nearly as happy as I had been in the past. Things were not put together with care, and the meat has been dry my past couple trips. Still good, but down a peg.I love the garlic bomb and the pulled pork sandwich. When I lived in the Market East neighborhood, I used to visit Jake's at least once a week. The $5 pork sandwich special on Monday was very good for my grad student wallet---and very good for my tummy. Fries with special sauce on the side is a must. And the meal completes with a cup of birch beer that cools me down before another wild bite of sandwich.I had the Cowboy. Very tender shredded pork with grilled onions.  Amazing!  Good quality; good value.  It is also a good vibe.  I met the owner, and you can tell he's passionate about his concept.The pig sandwich is awesome and very reasonably priced, I try to stop here at least once a week for my pork fix. Prior to trying Jake's pig, I felt that no pork sanwich in the city could live up to the GOAT of pork from the little shack on Synder Ave.  Well, I still feel that no pork sandwich is better but Jake's is pretty close, and its not always easy to go to the little shack on Snyder but Jakes is right on the corner of where I work.  Go get the pig on a Monday and experience reverse sticker shock, they have a monday special on the pig that makes me feel like I am robbing from them.Really nice addition to the 'hood.
Sandwiches are served on Carangi rolls, seeded, unseeded or multigrain.
The Midtown Chicken was great, red onions, cheddar and a red pepper spread went down fast.  The Village Turkey was not as good - the meat was good but the roll kind of overwhelmed the sandwich.
Fries were hot, crispy and above average.  Sodas are "micro-brewed".  I'll definitely come back - all the ingredients were fresh and good, and it's the next best thing to a Paesano's without the real thing.Ordered delivery. Was right on time. We ordered midtown turkey, 50/50, and farm fries. I'd say the fries were the best!Jake's was my first meal stop during my visit to Philadelphia, and it was an awesome way to start several days of enthusiastic eating.  The 50-50 sandwich is super decadent, flavorful, and messy in the best possible way.  The roll holds up well to the mounds of meat filling.  The sandwich was finished off with a creative, spicy Sriracha mayo. The fried pickles were only $2, so I had to give them a try.  They were much tastier than they sound, although I didn't want to eat more than 4 pieces.  The cherry soda from the fountain is absolutely awesome, and the sweetness perfectly balanced out the saltiness of the rest of my meal.  I sadly did not even come close to having enough room left for dessert.  But if I did, I might have tried the chocolate covered bacon.  
The place is really clean with a lot of tables.  Their jelly bean presidential poll is cute (looks like most of their customers are Obama supporters). 
For people obsessed with going to places that have been featured on the Food Network Shows, Jake's has a wall devoted to those who have tried and succeeded or failed at their 5 lb Philly Challenge which includes a 2 foot sandwich, 4 soft pretzels, 24 mini peanut chews, 1 box of Tasty Cakes, and 1 cherry soda to be eaten in 45 minutes.
Go hungry and be prepared for a filling, satisfying meal!Had the most delicious sandwich ever!!  Sharp provolone, broccoli rabe, & pork..  The rolls were phenomenal, too.  The pork melted in your mouth!!  The milkshakes were fantastic,  too!!Here ye, here ye! After much trial and error, I can affirm that we have found an equal to The Mensch.
The Sloppy Dog, a hot dog concoction with the addition of peppers, mushrooms, mustard, and even French fries, is more satisfying than any real hot dog that I've had in... ever.Best sandwich in Philly. There, I said it. Healthy options if you're feeling guilty and some of the most sinful looking sweets I've ever seen. Skip those other joints and get this in your face stat.Went here for lunch and it was pretty decent but nothing spectacular. I had the "skinny chicken" sandwich- chicken, roasted red pepper, onion, cheese. 
I wanted it on a wheat roll but they were out (!!!????) - so I  settled for a seeded roll instead.
I wish the sandwich would have had less cheese & more avocado purée.  It really had way too much cheese, especially for a "skinny" sandwich...
I found Jake's menu layout confusing and a almost overwhelming for a first-timer.  Additionally, the side items are on a separate menu a few feet to the left.
Nothing wrong about Jake's, but overall nothing to write home about.YUM
I got the mensch in a bowl with spinach and it was SO GOOD!
they move fast during lunch which is nice.  Also, the milkshakes are unreal.To prepare for the St. Patty's day festivities, we decided to grab a quick dinner at this sandwich joint. There were only a handful of people inside, including one weary traveler who took on the sole mission of tackling one full sub and loaded fries. God speed, man.
With all the hype surrounding the 50/50 sub, I had to have it despite all the other appealing options. Unfortunately, we had to wait a few minutes for it to be prepared. The chef had stepped out to grab a supply of energy drinks to prepare for the onslaught of honorary Irish.
No biggie, the monster of a sandwich he created was well worth the wait. The 50/50 is named for its double serving of meat, half pork and half bacon. It's topped by a sharp provolone, which is very overpowering but complements the meats well. Hidden in the sub was a sriracha spread that I barely noticed. All together with a little help of the fire sauce, it was an excellent sub that filled me up.We stumbled on this place when we were looking for a brunch place in Philly. All the places we wanted to visit were either packed or closed and we wanted our eggs fix !! The eggs sandwiches were great and the basket of fries and onions was the best I've ever had! Whatever you get just add the mixed basket to your order, won't regret it!I was visiting Philadelphia three years ago and tried this place out.  Their meatball sub was the best I have ever had.  Three years later it was the first place I went to after my plane landed only to find out they took the meatball sub off the menu.  However, that doesn't warrant a two star review.  What does warrant the two star review is their "phili cheese steak sandwich".  I was not a fan...it was like I was eating a roast.  It was a good roast, but not what I want on my cheese steak.  I think Jake's is trying too hard...The statement I am about to utter will sum up EXACTLY how I feel about the sandwich for which the GODS have bestowed on this dining establishment.....
Garlic bomb.
The mighty God Zeus himself crumbled at the sheer thought of such a meaty.....garlicky.....treat.
Chuck Norris brushes his teeth with it... 
Liam Neeson was all like "I want it to kidnap my family in my next movie"
This sandwich is everything you want in action packed jammed flavor, and how the hell they even fried garlic is unfathomable....
Garlic lovers unite!!! WE HAVE FOUND A PLACE THAT VAMPIRES WILL FEAR....
Oh and they have these awesome other sandwiches too...ones I will also eat in the near future hahahaha!!I learned of Jake's via Yelp, and after reading the reviews, I was set on a visit.
I've been to Jake's twice now, and both times I got something different.  The first visit I ordered a Firestack naked bowl, which is basically the sandwich without the bread.  Ohhhh spicy!  It was delicious.  I got a soda too, and that was good.
The second visit I ordered the 50/50.  The contents of the sandwich were great.  The roll was good, but I felt like there was too much bread.  I got a black and white milkshake-yum.
I defnitely want to work my way through their menu. The service is good, the restaurant is spacious, and there is ample seating.I've been here twice and have had nothing but outstanding experiences both times. Food was amazing and the staff was great. At my most recent visit, I had the Turducken sandwich (sandwich of the month) which consisted of: turkey, creole roasted duck, chicken, sweet Italian sausage, cranberry-apple sauce, and potato pancakes. The Italian sausage and mini potato pancakes were nice, flavorful touches.
My girlfriend had The Barnyard sandwich (pork, arugula, sharp provolone, crushed chili, roasted garlic spread, and cracklings), which she said was "one of the best sandwiches she ever had." Of course I had a few bites of her sandwich, and I couldn't have agreed more with her.
They have a good food challenge that I want to go back to try and complete:
- 3 pound sandwich
- 1 box of Tastycakes
- 24 Peanut Chews
- 4 soft pretzels
- 1 cherry sodaYummy yummy! My boyfriend took me here yesterday, as we were craving Jimmy John's, but decided to go to Jake's since he has not been here for a while and boy am I glad we did. I had a difficult time deciding what I wanted from the menu. I actually almost always have a difficult time picking from the menu, but I finally opted for the steak and eggs (i know, how boring), but lemme tell you, it was delicious! I may be bias because I love anything with eggs. Add a fried sunny side up egg to this sandwich and you've got my heart. Actually, add a sunny side egg to anything and i'll be happy as a clam. The steak was really good and flavorful. I loved it with the american cheese and the hint of sriracha ketchup. The sesame seed roll was just added bonus that put the sandwich together... so good. Boyfriend got the 50/50, but even he said my sandwich was good. I may have to come back to try Jake's cheesesteaks. I'm just afraid that I might find a new place for cheesesteaks to clog my arteries :( 
Also, we got the chili cheese fries, but they were mediocre so you might want to pass on that. I'll definitely be back to try more sandwiches.. or the Philly 5 lbs challenge - just kidding.
Oh man, Philly eats are gonna kill me.I really wish I could give this place a better review however the customer service has really turned me off.
I stopped by on my way home and I ordered a "cheeseburger" and the girl was talking on her personal phone while she was taking my order, and I asked her not to put ketchup on my sandwich and she didn't say anything but she eventually asked if I wanted anything else and I said, oh I don't know if you got that I said no ketchup, and she said, mhmm anything else? and her manager was yelling at her while she was taking my order saying I can't believe you're on the phone in front of a customer, while she was ringing me up. 
When I got my receipt I noticed that it said I had an extra charge for spicy ketchup so I went to go make sure she didn't put ketchup on it and saw her cutting my sandwich next to some paper bags right on top of the counter. Who knows whether that counter was clean. I got my sandwich I asked her, hey did you put ketchup on this, and she said no and I said, well my receipt says that you charged me for extra ketchup and she said no that's not on there and I said OK. 
She then she rang me up again and I told her I already paid and then she yells back to her manager and asked, did she already pay and then I held up my receipt and said I just paid in front of you, you took my card and then she said "OK goodbye"
When I got home and opened up my sandwich sure enough there was no ketchup, but she she gave me the cheesesteak not the cheeseburger.Got the steak and egg.  Pretty sure my bf was jealous.  So tasty!  If  you're near Jefferson this is a great place to get a sandwich without having to head to reading.Sandwiches were ok.
I don't have a very strong stomach so I couldn't really handle the full on pig being butchered right in front of me as I paid at the register.
We got two sandwiches and only are half of both.First yelp review, all I have to say is TURBACON. I rave about it to anyone who will listen.I didn't quite indulge enough on Thanksgiving, so on Black Friday, I ventured out to Jake's to try the turducken sandwich.
I really enjoyed the turducken sandwich.  Generous portions of meat covered in gravy, stuffing, cranberry sauce, and hash browns.  Let's not forget the tasty roll it was on.  The cherry soda that came along was pretty good as well.
I was able to try some of the Jake sandwich and it wasn't bad.  I feel like it could use a bit more sauce or a meltier cheese since it seemed a tad on the dry side.  Still tasty though!
I have to come back...especially for that pork sandwich with cracklings! Ahhh.Any place that has a roasted pig head on display is a winner in my book. 
The Barnyard was good(Slow cooked pulled pork, ground veal, roasted peppers, baby spinach, roasted garlic spread, and sharp provolone) but I'm a hug sucker for  the The mench (12 hour beef brisket, horseradish sauce, fried onions, and melted provolone).Based on reviews, got the 50/50. It was juicy, well seasoned and the bacon and provolone were well proportioned...best pork sandwich I've ever had, not sure. The fries were excellent!  
No complaints...id like to return to try some of the other more adventurous options someday.Edited for the mistake being fixed.  Wasn't going to argue it.Daaaaaaamn. Jake's is gooood. The Sloppy Dog (hot dog with fries, mushrooms and roasted red pepper on a sesame hoagie bun) makes my life complete. Ordered the crispy onion rings today and although they smelled great I was too stuffed to eat 'em. Lunch tomorrow!The first time I went to Jake's I tried the Pig sandwich and wasn't blown away. The second time I had the Garlic Bomb and again thought it was nothing special. Both times I felt the meat was a bit dry. The third time however seemed to be the charm after eating the Village Turkey. The black cherry spread is amazing and is perfect on this sandwich. I've gone back repeated times and have never been disappointed in this selection.I've been to Jake's a lot before and after the renovations.  It's been going downhill fast over the past two months.  Today I got my usual: pork haystack (pork on top of fries) with siracha ketchup and cheese.  It was disgusting.  There was a giant glob of pork fat, the ketchup has a paste like trxture, and the fries were a greasy mess.  Embarrassing and way below what I know and expect.Really great sandwiches here.
I had the 50/50 (half bacon half pork with a spicy mayo based sauce).  First off, it was more like a 20/80 because there were only 3 stripes of bacon.  I think they should change the name to actually reflect what you are buying.   False advertising aside, it was delicious. The bacon was nice and crunchy, the pork was tender, the sauce gave it the hint of heat needed and it all came together on that roll that was crunchy on the outside and soft in the inside.
I also had the mid town chicken which was just okay-- too many things going on and it didn't hold up well the next day unlike the 50/50.
Love the fountain soda here (get the birch beer).
Wait staff is hit or miss.  The girl was really nice but the dude with the moobs did not smile once-- maybe he was tired.
Go here for the pork people!!I got the barnyard and it was ok. 
The pork is cooked well, where it is moist and falls off the bone. However, the flavor is lacking in the pork. I try to judge food without having to add condiments to up the flavor, and if I need to add condiments to enjoy the food than it decreases my perception of the dish. 
Secondly, when you advertise cracklings, you should really use real cracklings and not crushed up bags of pork rinds that anyone can purchase at the corner store and sprinkled onto the sandwich. I was really disappointed when it was real cracklings ughh. 
Thirdly, the bread to protein ratio was off. Too much bread. And the bread was a little cold. Additionally, you are in Philadelphia and you don't use Amoroso rolls?? There is definitely a huge difference in quality, taste and texture that I noticed. After the meal, I struck up a conversation with the food preparer and asked about several things, and I asked about the type of roll and where it came from. He confirmed it wasn't amoroso (I'm not being a bias-Philadelphian, Amoroso makes amazing rolls, just like Iggys in Boston/Cambridge)
Most likely wouldn't go back as there are so many other delicious sandwich spots, especially in south philly. 
Service was good. And they were really friendly, definitely appreciated that.Lukewarm sandwich on slightly chili bread. Pretty disappointed with lack of flavor too. Just all around not great. So sadAt the urging of Yelpers, we came here to try the 50/50.  Upon entrance, the senses were completely overwhelmed with smoky flavors and sweet sauces.  Looking at the menu, we instantly regretted that we couldn't order more food since our bellies could only handle so much.  
Anyway, we stuck with 50/50 and ordered it.  Sandwich came piping hot with pulled pork and bacon in a sriracha spread topped with sharp provolone.  It smelled amazing.  Upon first bite, the provoline completely dwarfed the other flavors in the sandwich.  This flavor just took over the whole sandwich and with every bite, the provoline flavor was stronger and more filling.  By the end, we couldn't even deal with the cheese smell anymore.  Next time, we would order with less cheese so that the pulled pork can be the central flavor point.  
One star was lost since the flavor was unbalanced, but don't let that deter you from visiting this sandwich shop.  There were many other choices that we would definitely love to try next time around.Got pig? No, I do not dig the pig. However, I very much enjoy poultry. 
YES: The Schmeer. House roasted turkey breast that was oh so succulent, roasted red pepper, fresh spinach, red onion, provolone and garlic aoli. Fresh, light, delicious. Important not to consume before date or 1:1 meeting with your boss. It'll stick with ya. I will definitely be returning to Jake's for this sandwich.
NO: The Midtown Chicken. Don't call it "sliced" when it is so obviously "diced" or worse, "cubed." I didn't realize this sandwich was served warm. It was more like a chicken cheeseteak than anything original. Roasted red pepper, avocado spread, cheddar and mozz...and onions? Too much. All of this and it still somehow lacked flavor- had to add hot sauce back at the office. 
Note: They take LevelUp. Love the LevelUp.I've gone back and forth about how to rate Jake's Sandwich Board, and feel pretty comfortable that two stars is appropriate and truly the highest I can go. That is taking account for the fact that the sandwiches themselves were in fact delicious, the meat high-quality and perfectly cooked and seasoned, and the bread they use is fantastic.
But when I walked in, the restaurant was filthy. There was not a single clean table. Equipment was strewn across the floor, making it somewhat hazardous. A huge party with little kids left a table and it stayed dirty until the time I left. I will say that the kitchen area looked clean, though.
I'd originally planned on eating my sandwich there, and then I realized I could not spend one more minute inside this establishment than absolutely necessary to receive my order and get out.
So I don't know about this place.this place is alright.  it could be so much better for so many reasons.
the meats are out on display and cut to order which is nice.  the problem i have is they could up the quality by doing so many little things. 
1) first of all, it has the atmosphere of a mcdonalds, which is confusing because it does not always look like thats how it should be.
2) toast the rolls ... come on guys, the last thing anyone wants is a plain white soft bun with nice bbq meat on it.  not even 60 seconds on the flat top grill.
3) your fried pickles are junk. they are always soggy and the breading tastes like its from a frozen bag from sysco.  your french fries are really good though, my only complaint is when i order them and the guy throws them in a bad upside down with napkins on the bottom 9/10 times, see comment #1 about the whole mcdonalds atmosphere.
4) beards. im cool with whatever people want to look like.  if you are managing a grill or a cutting board with meat, you have to wear a beard guard. this is no kim davis scenario, your level of facial cleanliness for your bands image doesn't make me want to order a sandwhich with carved meat on it when you don't wear the right stuff.
5) props for using level up and having working equipment.
6) is this wawa? am i supposed to leave the ticket? there is no place other than to just leave it on the counter and no employee picks it up and throws it away.
7) your condiment and plastic wear is a germ fest. PUT THE EATING END DOWN IN THE CONTAINTER SO WHEN I GRAB A FORK IM NOT GRABBING THE PART THAT GOES IN MY MOUTH ALONG WITH 100 OTHER PEOPLE.The 50/50 is the best sandwich in the world. Period. 
I hadn't used yelp  in years and dug up my password just so I could write this review.I've eaten at this place a couple times on my quest for my favorite pure roast pork sandwich (pork, provolone, greens). I have yet to try the 50/50 which sounds fantastic and will be my next indulgence here. The name of the game, though, is the roast pork sandwich which you order by checking the boxes on the sheets of paper next to the register. The options for toppings are actually quite extensive and I usually struggle to stay true to the classic provolone/greens/au jus.  I also must give a big thumbs up to the seeded roll, I love seeded rolls, something many of my favorite places lack. 
For the roast pork, it is delicious, and like many hoagie places in this city, would be tops anywhere else outside of philly. Still a great roast pork sandwich though. My first point of contention, however, is that the roast pork is more of an Italian style pulled pork. Not that there is anything wrong with that, but I much prefer the 'al dente' texture provided by a sliced roast pork sandwich instead of the mushy texture of pulled pork. Secondly, the way it is cooked, it is too mushy and on the verge of being dry. My take is that its a little overdone. Thirdly, the cheese has issues, you need nice slices or chunks of sharp provolone on the bottom of the sandwich, so the heat of the pork starts to soften it and it protects the bread from completely disintegrating in the au jus (note: there should still be enough au jus so that the bread is slightly wet even with the protection from the cheese). 
Other than that, the greens were good, nothing bad to say about them, although they don't really compare to the greens at di nics in reading terminal market (i'm not sure any place has better greens than di nics). Over all a very good sandwich. The flavor on the au jus was also quite nice, but I am still intrigued by the garlic spread option for the sandwich. Might have to go back and do some experimenting with toppings beyond the classic. Now that the lines at di nic's are completely out of whack, this is a nice substitute and I will be here again. Oh yea, and in true Philadelphia hoagie shop fashion, don't expect there to be great service. Figure out what you want before you approach the counter, order and enjoy.Oh sweet glorious Jake's Sandwich Board!!! These by far are the best sandwiches in center city and are a must go to for an awesome inexpensive lunch. 
I have never had a bad sandwich from here and consistently eat the monthly special. This month's was a Johnny-Frank special with turkey brisket Russian dressing and coleslaw and pickles and as always it delivered. I got a side of farm fries which have sharp provolone meat and gravy on top with beef so that I could inhale all three meets in one sitting. 
My wife got her usual Mensch sandwich a brisket with horseradish spread, onions that are perfectly Carmelized and a mild provolone. To round out her order she got the mixed basket which allows you to have the best of both worlds, French fries and crunchy onions.
At the end of this meal I definitely feel like I don't need dinner and that is truly was a decadent treat well worth having and even more reasonably priced than most other places. Well worth a visit and can compete for a spot on the Mt. Rushmore of Philly sandwiches.WOW! One of the best sandwich shops in Philly. They make a big deal about being featured on the Food Network and it's for good reason. Go in on Tuesdays for $5 pork sandwiches or get the 50/50 for a real pork treat.
The siracha mayo sauce is a must on any sandwich.Stopped by for lunch on a Tuesday. Service was great, and my sandwich was ready surprisingly quickly. Would highly recommend the 50/50.HOLLYHELL! ...I thought DiNic's was good, but this place is F***ING awesome! My mouth waters just thinking about this artery clogging goodness.
I'm a little mad that I only just found out about this place, even though I lived in Philly most my life. They need better advertising/signadge or something. 
Best beef brisket I have ever had, EVER! and I have had a lot of pork. (here goes trying to be 80% raw veg)
I just ordered from here for my whole office, everyone was very happy. Got a "Best ______ I have ever had" from a few people.
Sandwich Quality 5*
Ambiance 4*
Staff 5*
Price 5*
Delivery Time 5*I went there yesterday and had The Raging bull It was one of the best sandwiches that I have ever eaten. Next up I am trying the Jake and the Sloppy Dog.Ordered the "Megillah" and by far it's one of the best sandwich I had.. Bread was perfect and so as the meat. They have friendly service as well.I have been going here since it opened and can't believe I haven't yet written a review. 
I love Jake's. My friends and I have yet to have a disappointing sandwich (the Mensch is my faaaavorite) and the service is always great. The employees are gracious and helpful no matter how busy it gets. The sandwiches are decently priced, especially because I can stretch each out for two meals (or at least a meal and a half). 
In this city of high turnaround, I'm so glad that Jake's is still around.I don't eat here enough.  Philly really has some great sandwiches and I think this is my favorite so far.  The roast pork and brisket are just damn good.  Good on a sandwich, on a salad, on whatever.  I always end up spending like 17 bucks on a meal there with the add on's, but I don't mind paying for quality.  The garlic and the hot peppers are must have.  Decent fries too.I've had just about every sandwich on the menu and I haven't had one I didn't like. If you like wasabi, the wasabi cheesesteak is far and away my favorite. The 50/50 is another classic choice. Can't forget about Monday's $5 pork sandwich either. They also usually offer a unique monthly special that is worth trying.  On the side I would go with potato pancakes or farm fries. Don't forget to wash it down with a birch beer or their shake of the month.still don't have one single complaint. and that's saying something.Wait. I haven't reviewed Jakes?! What's the DEAL?!
Having just undergone a renovation, Jake's kicked off the next era with $3 sandwiches and free beer. If that doesn't speak to the nature of Jake's, I don't know what does.... 
First of all: there's no better deal in Philly than the $5 Monday DIY Pork Sandwich deal. It's easy to be overwhelmed by the options, but I typically choose to "bowl" over "roll" (aka toss all my ingredients of choice into a bowl over a doughy bready roll. I've tried bites of the 50/50 (roast pork and bacon!!) but tend to Build my Own with pork, sriracha spread, broccoli rabe, provolone (sharp!!), and caramelized onions. Never disappointing, always fills me up, and a great deal Mondays OR full price. 
The space is clean and organized, and I've heard the turkey is pretty solid.... but when I find something that works, sometimes it's tough to steer in any other directions. I'd ask them to scoop out the roll next time I choose to "roll" it, in order to better focus on the fillings.Wow.  Stopped in here for lunch today and The Mensch is as good as it gets.  Messy, juicy, delicious.  Brisket, cheese, onions.  MMMMM.  Counter service is as good as can be expected, with tons of paper towels and napkins.  Next time, maybe I'll try the challenge with pretzels, tastykakes, etcWhat a great place to stop by and get a quality sandwich. Really easy, really good. It is a bit pricey but I do believe you pay for the quality. The staff was super nice and welcoming - maybe not my go to sandwich shop because of the higher price but definitely will come back!Come here, don't go to Pats or Genos.
I haven't been here in a while, they renovated the place and made it look a lot nicer while raising the price of everything by $2-$4. Not cool.
Best cheesesteak I've had in Philly. Try it.I get what Jake's is trying to achieve.  Philly is a great sandwich town-  just ask the hordes of touristas attempt to consume "authentic" cheesesteaks.  Jake's is a gourmet, higher end version of a great Philly sandwich.
My perfect sandwich trifecta would be: John's Roast Pork, Primo's Hoagies, and Jim's steaks.  
So, with that in mind,  hubby and I went with eager anticipation of seeing "the big pig".  Nope, they were not carving from the giant roast this particular Saturday.  I ordered the $8 Barnyard and hubby ordered the custom roast pig sandwich.  OMG.  Super huge size- good enough for two people.   We added some crispy onions.  We just tipped the registers at $25.
The sandwich was flavorful- good provolone and peppers.  Roll was nice and chewy and held together the copious amount of meat.  I kind of thought the grated provolone on top made a mess.  I would have put the cheese on the bottom so that it would melt from the heat of the meat.
Service was really good, but it was really slow in there for a lunch time crowd.  I probably will come back with a friend to split another sandwich.Really good sandwiches. I tried the steak and egg, which is slow roasted beef brisket with sriracha ketchup and a sunny side up egg on top of a seeded roll. Very tasty. It takes a good bread to hold up under egg yolk and this one went the distance. Highly recommended.I got the "Jake" which is their Philly cheese steak sandwich.  It was dry.
Some of the other sandwiches looked more adventurous but I wanted to try a Philly cheese steak since I was visiting Philly.  I was dissapointed.  I've had better in other cities, I don't think it was a fair representation of the sandwich legend.
I went in on a Sunday and was disappointed that the TV was turned on Austin Powers and not on the Football games.
Great Lemonade though.
I may go back to try out the other sandwiches next time I'm in town.Most of what you need to hear has been said. It's all true. I want to give a different perspective, one you can actually use instead of reading the same glowing reviews over and over, so please, allow me to myopically focus on one thing:
The transcendent 50/50 pork sandwich. 
Listen- I live in South Philly. I eat Tony Lukes, DeNic's, John's, Nicks and a whole host of tiny side corner shops roast pork. JAKES PORK IS BETTER THAN ALL OF THEM. For realz. 
Why? If only I could count the ways...
It might sound obscene, overkill, excessive, whatever you want to say, but adding a smoky, flavorful bacon to the typically by-the-number pork sandwich makes it transcendent. The tender smooth pulled pork counterintuitively compliments the chewy bacon in a perfect way.
It's like introducing two old friends you've known and loved for years, but they were always in different circles. Your old friend Bacon, who stood by you since you were a little kid. Sure, people talk bad about him sometimes, but no one knows him like you do. And then there's Pulled Pork. You met him in college. A little more edgy than bacon maybe, but still you can count on him whenever you need. Finally they meet and have sex and make beautiful, perfect babies. babies. IN YOUR MOUTH. 
Of course, if conception is occurring on this sandwich, the sriraccha spread is the love juice. Spicy, smooth and vinegary, it is perfect for this sandwich. Good God- where has this sauce been my whole life? Its like combining mayo with wasabi. Just knee-weakening. 
Just put the 50/50 in your mouth yo.One of my favorite things to eat is a whole roasted pig. Excitedly, I went to Jake's one day with an empty stomach and left scratching my head. How could they cook this poor piggy to death to the point that it was devoid of all moisture?  Even when I asked for a cup of jus, which the friendly staff member provided, it could not mask the damage that was already done, as it still tasted dry as a bone. And the sandwich was not helped by the hard roll, the pre-shredded mozzarella, or the fact that the sandwich had little meat on it. The french fries are your typical Ore Ida variety. Granted I did like the peanut chew milkshake but not enough to rush back for it.Meh, it's ok.  Sandwiches are overpriced, and dry and bland.  I don't get this place's popularity.Well, after reading some of the reviews it sounded like the place to be. I was a bit disappointed. I ordered the cheesesteak, which afterwards I realized was not the Beef cheesesteak but a Pork-Steak!! Hm, my bad I guess, being in Philly and all. Great interior, service OK. Kind of cold distant, not too smiley. 
This place seems to be frequented by early twentiers. The cheesesteak was OK, but nothing out of this world. A bit pricey for the quality.Updated review, for some reason when jakes revamped they got rid of the grill?
Philly wasabi was the best sandwich they had now they they have it with brisket which is horrible
ever since the revamp its been going down 4 stars to 3
Ive been trying sandwiches all over the place in philly and this place is pretty on par with most the more known spots.
Great bread and good amount of meat on the sandwich. I tried the ghost pepper last time without any warning thinking it was just a spicy topping.
Man was that mother fucker hot, I can usually eat pretty spicy things but this was kicking my ass all day. Pretty pissed i spent extra to just throw my sandwich away.
I came back after this and got the fire steak without the ghost pepper and it made me forget about the ghost pepper incident.First timer for lunch and got the 50/50. Loved it. Bread was strong enough to hold up a very juicy sandwich. Bacon was cripsy and good. Pork was tender and delicious. Sharp prov was also very good. I was not a huge fan of the siracha spread though, but it was not overpowering so overall it didn't have a big impact on the sandwich. Quick lunch service and reasonably priced for a sandwich place like this in the city.Nothing impressive. The brisket wasn't melt in your mouth, the pork wasn't very seasoned. The crispy onions were really great, though.Jake's is definitely my go to sandwich shop in center city. There are so many different sandwich combinations that you can put together that you'll never get bored! All of the different add-ons really make the sandwich - Crispy onions, fried pickles, potato pancakes, chocolate covered bacon (I mean, come on!), plus a variety of veggies, and a really amazing array of spreads - black cherry, cranberry-apple, sriracha spread, avocado spread, different flavors of mayo. The sandwiches are also very hearty. They definitely don't skimp out on the meat. I used to come here more often when I lived in center city and I've ordered delivery a few times since moving to grad hospital and I've been pleasantly surprised with how quick they arrive and the quality of the sandwich.Ordered the cheesesteak and the barnyard. Delivery was here in 30 minutes which is super fast for center city and the sandwiches banged. Will def order again and try different shit.Jake's is an interesting place. I've never had a consistent experience here. The quality of the food averages from spectacular to average, and the staff leaves something to be desired. However, if I were given the option of going to Reading Terminal to by an overpriced, mediocre sandwich or stopping at Jake's for a quick bite to eat, Jake's would always win.I've been to Jake's well over a dozen times since my friend lured me there with the promise of a Turducken sandwich (seasonal), and  I believe I've had most, if not all, of their menu.
While I absolutely love a lot of what they have to offer, I must give fair warning to anyone ordering any pork-based items - they are salty!  Make sure you get a drink or something else to throw on them to cut down on the sodium concentration.
Favorites include Wasabi Steak, Turbacon and oddly enough the Charlie Brown w/Peanut Butter.I have a tendency to eat lunch at the same places. I'm a creature of habit and sometimes I can't help it. Every so often, I decide to venture into new territory. That venture brought me into Jake's. The location of this shop on 12th Street is easy to miss. 
I like the sandwich options. I was in the mood for chicken and decided to go with the Skinny Chicken, which contains fried onions, chicken (of course), red and green peppers and low-fat American cheese...oh wait...so that makes it skinny? The sandwich was really good. I ordered mine on wheat. The bread is a sub/hero/hoagie roll and it is super soft. I bit into the sandwich and said to myself, "self, good choice, you deserve a medal." 
If you're in the mood for a sandwich, do yourself a favor and make your way to Jake's. I don't think you'll regret it.I hope to update this review in the near future as I didn't get an opportunity to try anything on the menu. Jake's advertised their grand reopening with cheap sandwiches and free beer. I should have known better, but I slipped up and let my stomach and wallet do the thinking for me. The promotion was supposed to be all day, but by 5pm they ran out of beer and food. On a day where you showcase your establishment, surely you would have made sure that there was enough food to handle the added demand, right? In the wise words of chuck testa, that turned out to be a big NOPE!I received a cool promo for filling out the in store survey so I definitely returned to use it. This time I got the "Mensch" roast beef sandwich. I liked it much better than the steak I got the first time I came in. It had plenty of juice in it to compensate for the Sarcone roll. I got full much sooner than expected. I was really surprised. Anyway, this will probably be my non-Subway go-to sandwich spot downtown.
And I tried the microbrewed sodas this time around, they were okay. I'm not sure how much different they're supposed to be anyway. I haven't been in there when it's crowded so I really appreciate the peace. Also, I didn't know this place had free refills. Awesome!Short and skinny: locally-sourced sandwich joint that puts together some quality sandwiches under 10 bucks. If you're in the area and looking for a quick, no-frills meal, definitely would recommend stopping in. 
The good: 
1. The food. Went with the Midtown Turkey. Really, really flavorful and juicy. Loved the pickled toppings they throw on there, though I would have definitely appreciated more avocado spread. If I had room, I would have went for one of their pork sandwiches as well-- another time. 
2. Price was great, especially considering the quality of product being delivered.
3. The commitment to local sourcing. Love when a restaurant makes the effort to tap into the surrounding community. 
The bad: 
1. Cashier was very pushy. First, she didn't like that we were ordering one sandwich to split (though the guys preparing the meal were more than happy to offer to cut it in half). She asked multiple times if we were getting a second sandwich. Second, she rolled her eyes when we said we were good on drinks. I ended up getting a cola after the fact, but at least attempt to remain professional. Again, won't dock two stars for one person's performance (the rest of the staff were super inviting and friendly).
The unexpected: 
1. Charging stations. Wasn't looking for a USB charger, but if I was in the market, Jake's had me covered.Standouts: they have some outrageous food challenge that probably shaves 2 weeks off your life (a cheesesteak, four soft pretzels, 12 TastyKake Krimpets, 24 Peanut Chews, and one Champ Cherry in under 45 minutes).  They also have chocolate covered bacon, which disappointingly just tastes like chocolate... and bacon.
Tip #1:  They have a famous 50/50 sandwich which was voted top 10 in Philadelphia.  I didn't think it was anything extraordinary.  A little boring, to be honest.  It lacked some crucial condiments and other sandwich add-ons. 
Overall:  I think the only reason I'd come back is to see someone tackle the food challenge.I have been here twice and have tried a variety of their pork sandwiches and their cheesesteaks. Everything has been okay but a little bland and dry. 
The good thing is that the sandwiches are pretty generously sized.This place has a pretty nice variety of unique sandwiches as well as a build-your-own option. After seeing an episode of Food Network's Food Paradise, I decided to try the Garlic Bomb which is a cheese steak made with beef brisket, roasted garlic spread, garlic cloves, all sitting on top of garlic bread. Let's just say that no vampires are going to be bothering you any time soon after you get through this sandwich. Really delicious though if you're looking for a more 'authentic' cheese steak sandwich this is not it. Fries here are pretty good too.Great spot for a quick lunch.  Try the Barnyard (Slow cooked pulled pork, ground veal, roast peppers, baby spinach, roasted garlic spread and sharp provolone) or the Midtown Chicken (Chicken, roasted red pepper and avocado puree, red onion, cheddar and mozzarella.) Every sandwich on the menu comes in under $10 and you'll probably end up with two meals out of it.  They get pretty busy with the lunch crowd so try going a bit earlier or a bit later.  Feel free to try the Jake's Challenge if you hate yourself and the pants you're wearing.  If you finish it, you wont fit in those pants for about a week.  They also do a great spread if you're looking to do a company lunch!