Minus one star because there are times when they are out of things that (i feel) they shouldn't be out of... also the wait... they have been in business far too long to not have figured out a way to make things go faster.
The food never lets me down... i keep tryig other places to give a fair shot but they just don't compare... i recommend the jerk bbq, mac n cheese, cabbage, oxtails, pretty much all the chicken, the yams... that's all first hand.
Basically... don't waste time with the fakes.Yes sah...THIS HERE is my favorite Caribbean restaurant in Philadelphia. I'm from the Virgin Islands and am a heck of a cook (yessss!), so I'm pretty picky since I can make it myself. But nothing I cook compares to Jamaica D's BBQ chicken. I hear riddims with every glorious bite. Every time I eat it, I always write back the folks back home to tell them about the food at this eatery. It is THAT good! The other dishes are all of great quality with incredible flavor. Expect long lines and not-so-great service. Nobody's perfect and the food more than makes up for it. Irie.The food here was so tasty, I could see now why the lines were so long. It was worth the wait and incredibly satisfying. The portions are generous and the food was mouth watering and filling. It really hit the spot I can not wait to go back.Very good food ... I got the jerk chicken with rice n peas and plaintain ... they ran out of jerk sauce so I had them put some of the oxtail gravy on the rice and chicken. The food was great ... the lines were long and they constantly had customers in and out so you know it's a good place to eat. Next time I am in philly I will definitely eat there againNot one of my favorites. I would eat here but only if the places I usually go to are closed. They over season their food.Everything I've eaten here has been delicious!! If your not from the neighborhood it looks a lil shady but worth the visit!No need for some long drawn out post. Here it is cut and dry. Jamaican D's is in a class by their self. Everything at this place is off the charts. I eat there 3 times a week. ALL the staff are kind, funny, friendly and helpful. Dee, appears to be this shy man. He's a nice teddy bear. I LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOVE this place. HANDS DOWN THE BEST!!!!!! They give you hugs, fill your belly, and make your tongue do the tango, hunni!!!!!!Food is good and plentiful. Once I waited literally an hour to get my platter. I've only had the bbq jerk chicken, mac and cheese, cabbage and rice and beans from here. The mac and cheese I'm not really a fan of. The cheese is very creamy as opposed to thick and cheesy. But if your into that kind of thing than ok.. The chicken is very good and they give you enough food for 3 people on the large platter.Excellent food and portions are tremendous. In visits two consecutive days I had the baked fried chicken, jerk BBQ chicken, basa fish, oxtails, Mac n cheese, rice n beans, collard greens, yams, and cabbage. All were excellent. I highly recommend!!!Love this food truck - they have 3 locations. One at temple, one at CCP, and one store front.  I keep coming back for their oxtail. The way they are seasoned is clutch.  Their Mac and cheese is pretty good, and their collard greens has the bite you want with vinegar. We got to try their jerk salmon and it was seasoned well, but a little dry. Overall they give really big portions so you get more than your money's worth. Their food sells out pretty fast - so get there early! I would definitely come back again and again to this place. 
To get: definitely the oxtail, collard greens, and Mac and cheese.Damn I been sleepin' on this jawn for forever! I shoulda been came here, by far the best Jamaican food spot I've ever been to, first off lemme say R.I.P. Bob Marley. Soon as I walked in I knew Somin was bouta change my fuckin life an it was the JERK SALMON' AWWWW MAN  I had that with a side of Mac & cheese, yams & collard greens. I wish I could give them 6 stars. Someone told me the truck spot wasn't as good as the real spot so thank u bro I love u. Ima just keep this review short cuz I'm still eating it as I write this! This one for Sean Kingston even doe he got his chain snatched!!!I love Jamaican D's I come here often. The food is amazing the only reason I give them 4 stars and not 5 is because the last two times I came to this location they didn't have what I wanted, although I did settle for something else very tasty when you got your mind set on one specific thing it sucks when they don't have it. Other than that it's a pretty decent spot. Other reviews I read said some of the ladies in there can be rude but that hasn't been my
experience at all. The lines can be pretty long but service is fairly quick so it's not like your waiting forever. Like others said parking sucks but sometimes you will get lucky and find a spot not to far from the place.Best Jamaican food I've had since living with my parents. Home is so far away so it's nice coming to the truck or the resturant to taste a little home. I don't have any complaints except know what your ordering before they ask what you want. LolHoly Cow!
The food is good. Everything was good. The oxtail, rice and beans, mac and cheese (which I normally don't like), collard greens, even mixed veggies tasted better than any i have had in the past.
5 stars for me. Will definitely be back soon.I'm a pescatarian, so my first visit I got the jerk salmon plate. I expected that to describe the seasoning, not the texture...but that salmon was tough as jerky! All the sides were perfectly delicious however, so I've returned since and just ordered their veggie plate.  Love their Mac n cheese n green the best.I wasn't sure if the Mac n cheese or the greens were going to be any good ....whew! Fucking clutch. It was popping outside with the music and the food truck. #partyatjamaicandsThis is truly one of the best Jamaican food spots in Philly! Not only are the flavors uncharted but the consistency will keep you coming back. Everytime I get a platter I'm not only overly satisfied and left with wanting more but it doesn't break the bank either.
      For all platters less than twelve bucks you can always try something new and exciting. The food turnaround rate is unreal sometimes sold out of menu items so you'll never get anything cold or old or won't have to worry if something has been sitting  under an heat lamp too long. For the flavor, price and consistency I will definitely reccomend Jamaican D's to anyone who's looking for those Caribbean or soul food flavors. Just be willing to wait in line a bit to enjoy the goodness.Very large portions.  Combo platter with 3 sides was $19.00....not bad either.  Sweet potatoes were over seasoned with what tasted of nutmeg and extract.  The greens had a good flavor, however you could tell they hadn't been cleaned at all as each bite was full of sand/dirt and grit....so those got trashed.  Mac and cheese was flavorless, quite the contrast from everything else.  Otherwise, they put out very tasty items and I will return for those selected items...I'll pass on most of the sides.3 time's the charm.. is that the saying? Their oxtails are RIDICULOUSLY good. And I absolutely love their fried whiting. It's definitely worth the drive each time we go.Food was excellent.  My husband and I each got a medium platter.  I got the jerk chicken with the mac and cheese, rice and beans, and cabbage.  My husband got the jerk chicken with the rice and beans, sweet potatoes, and mac and cheese.  Everything was delicious and very well seasoned.  The only reason i'm giving it 4 stars is because the food wasn't really hot.  It was moreso lukewarm.  If you're concerned about getting mild versus spicy sauce for your jerk chicken, the spicy sauce isn't devastating.  It just has a little kick to it.  My husband has eaten Jamaican food in the past that he literally had to spit out because it was just so hot.  This is nothing like that.  Totally tolerable, which is great because you can enjoy your food!The best fried fish and mac and cheese in Philly. I have been eating for two days off one platter! The jerk beef ribs are soooo tender and the greens are the perfect tangy sweet combo. They give your moneys worth with top quality product! I only wish they had a eat in option. Give them a try, I guarantee you wont be disappointed!!!I've been here several times, and have pleased each and every time. I've had the jerk, brown stew, and curry chicken dishes. The portions are more than enough and are reasonably priced. There's always a line in the evening to night time. The venue is very basic, there are no frills to it.
I definitely recommend Jamaican D'sLove love love this place food is always Delish and they give u so much food definitely enough to share or eat for two daysI wished I trusted my instincts and turned around.We had high hopes from all of the good reviews. While not terrible- there are definitely better places. My husband who is Jamaican pointed out the first red flag, a cooler that was lacking Ting, ginger beer, or even cola champagne. Ok, I guess they ran out. Next, no plantain. Ok, lots of places run out on Saturdays, except they never have them. The menu had great variety, but we decided to play it safe and get oxtail and jerk chicken with sides. Oxtail was "meh" according to my husband. The jerk chicken lacked flavor and was just covered in sauce and didn't seem to be grilled. The sweet potatoes had some strange ingredient that made them taste like flowers- weird. The rice and peas were overpowered with onion flavor and salt. The mac and cheese was on par with Velveeta shells and cheese. Lastly the cabbage was under done. Positive side, huge portions.This was my first time trying their food. I chose the stew chicken with brown rice and peas, with a side of cabbage. The prices were really reasonable paid $7.50 for a small platter that was packed with food, so you get way more then what you pay in price! The store is very clean and the people who work there are very nice and they are even willing to let you sample if you are unsure of what you want. Once I got my food home I think my expectations were so high and after tasting, it was a sort of a disappointment because it lacked flavor, see I'm used to eating the Caribbean food from Stacha's Take Out and their stew chicken has a sweeter flavor. I will definitely be trying Jamican D's again because they have great service and maybe it was just an off day for them.So good! This is my go to location for quality Jamaican food. Not really a sit down location and the line can be serious inside and at the food truck location outside. The smooth sounds or reggae or r&b make the line a little easier to guide through. Go early before peak meal times to navigate through the line easier. Today I walk right up without the wait. The last time a went it was a little wait but not annoying.
Either way, I find the food to be on point and flavorful. I have my staple goto items. Oxtail and /or brown stew chicken. They give you plenty to satisfy your soul. This is my second trip to this location and I always walk away with a couple of options to share with my family. I thought the service was good. Next time I will have to try the jerk chicken since I saw a man cooking it authentic style on the smoking grill. Full flavor and moist meat options. The sides are on point too! Cabbage, rice and peas and macaroni and plantains. Yum!First time here, and while disappointed that there was no goat, I did the brown stew chicken. It was sooo good, I mean delish. The portion is HUGE and I'm an eater, I have dinner for tonight and maybe the following. The line was legit long, but worth it to me in the end. I will definitely be back....Great food, great price, really big servings and very friendly service. The staff is nice & the smoker outside let's you know you're in for a real treat.Okay, I like the food, they have hardy portions. Why was it necessary to turn your face up when I ordered triple sides.. I had my own rice and cabbage if you must know.. It was my money I spent. There should be no feed back... Last  time I went I got the wrong order, but that was cool. I didn't get flustered it was still good. We come for the food not ignorance.. I'm done (drop the mic! )This is my new spot me&wife went their for first time and I can't believe The prices and portions I received my stomach was so happyI took from service & attitude.  More Mac & cheese than the main course which was the chicken. No balance in the food, wasteful. I try once & bad attitude & service bad no matter how good the food is I am not returningThe closest thing to Jamaica itself. They have a mixture of soul food and Jamaican dishes. It's a take-out spot. No room to eat-inA lot of food for your money but you'll be waiting in line for awhile! They lack some of the traditional food (I.e plantain, Irish potatoes,dumpling, festival etc)A small portion feeds me for two days. Get there early if you want some of tails. Good food and it's always a line so prepare to wait but it's worth it. The ox tails fall off the bone and the rice and peas are delicious.The food is great but they have terrible service, they have long lines, always short on food and have no manners. I didn't mind so much because you get your food to go but they have extremely long lines, sometimes you wait over 1/2 hour for your turn, you place your order, wait again, just to be told they don't have what you want and these aren't the special items on special days, these are items they sell quickly and run out of even quicker. Its not hard to make an announcement that you're out doing of something so that people can either leave or decide if they want something else but its true what they say, good service is hard to find.Very impressed! The service was quick and they packed me up with enough food to last about 2 days and I even shared. The rice had a good kick to it and the sweet potatoes had dash of either almond extract or extra nutmeg. Either way the flavors and spices were delicious! Definitely on my fav list!This is the most amazing authentic Jamaican food I have even had! They give you a lot it's amazing! I'm definitely going to come backThis place Is good. Large portions, price is right. All the food I tried tasted good. Order of preference, Jerk Chicken Brown stew chicken,  Ox Tails, Curried Goat, fried fish. Rice & Beans good. Greens  &  cabbage good. Mac & Cheese is just ok. Good  customer service. Parking is horrible. I saw police cars but they were ordering food. LOL. The energy is great. It can get so crowded the line goes out the door. They have some security when it is that crowded and some rules....no hoodies etc. The rules are enforced too. They also have a food truck on Washington Lane & Chew Ave.The best Caribbean food in Philadelphia, I was turned on to the truck located on Community College campus 2007 and I've been going every since. I recently visited the actual store on Cheltenham and I must say the service is quick and the staff are friendly.Very good food, I have and will continue to make the 40 minute drive to Germantown for their tasty cuisine...This is one of the best Jamaican restaurants we have found in Phila.. Thus far. We ordered the jerk chicken and the oxtail platters, with red beans and rice, the Mac and cheese, with collards. Each was seasoned well, we did not take to the mac and cheese but the proteins was the best...LOVE This Place! Huge portions and super tasty. This time I order a huge pan of candy sweet potatoes, family LOVED them. Next time I'm getting the Ox tails. Can't wait!This place has some of the best jerk chicken I have ever tasted, I'm fairly certain their jerk sauce would even taste great on ice cream.  Portions are massive; a medium is about the size of two meals.  The sides are great too, especially the mac and cheese.  My only complaint is that from time to time if I order sweet potatoes there are small pieces of skin or cinnamon sticks in them.You can't go wrong! The food you get is sooo good and flavorful. There isn't anything on the menu that I haven't tried and haven't liked. What I also love is the portion size; I'm a light eater so there have is enough for my daughter and leftover  :DGreat food, service is fast....the food is always great and the great plus about this brand is they have different locations throughout the city! Always a line to the door, but don't let the line discourage you! The good is worth itFood is great. If your hungry be prepared for a long wait. If you want oxtails they always are running out so maybe call ahead . Service can be slow . But the platters are huge so you do get your money's worthLove this place!  Always good food and huge amounts!  Today was brown stew chicken and Mac n cheese!We love this place! My bf and I go every weekend. My favorite is the chicken & shrimp with double sided cabbage. My bf loves the red rice and beans with mixed veggie.  Make sure you go early as some items run out and the lines are long. You will not be disappointedWell that was outstanding and thats coming from a fat Italian guy from NEW JERSEY. Jerk chick was cook perfect not dry the mild sauce the girl put on it was so good u could put that on a old boot and eat it. The rice and beans were cooked just right and the gravy she put was awesome. I have no idea what the graving was made of but it has a lot of love in it. The only thing I can say about the Mac and cheese is I kind got that feel when u see the dog rolling in some thing that is the best thing they ever smelled. Well call me the dog. Well after that meal I will have to ck to see if I have all my fingers. In closing I will be back there every time I work in philly NAP TIME!!!!!!!The food is excellent. It is ALWAYS crowded but worth the wait. The ladies that take your order are not always pleasant if you're a female ordering, but the food is so good I put up with the attitude anyway. They accept debit/credit cards and the owner is really nice as well. I always get a small and the portions are very generous and last for 2 days.A large platter can feed a small army and prices are reasonable, I think that is why so many people love this place. 
The food is very good, but I have had better Jamaican food.  
This isn't my #1 spot for authentic but definitely in the top five. 
Food is assembly style and not made to order.. which is a good thing for some folks.  Always a line in there but moves very quickly.. 
fyi... this is not a sit down restaurant, and resting on a busy street in Philly.. 
I would recommend.
In terms of service.. the woman aren't rude, but you get what it get, in terms of getting in and out..Jamaican D's is hands down the best Jamaican food in the city.  I will literally drove miles out of my way to go eat thr.  The Jamaican BBQ and the oxtails r to die for and the salmon is off the hook.This is definitely the best Jamaican spot that I've been too in the Philadelphia area.  Not only is the food great, but the servings are huge.  Process are very reasonable and the cooks are very honest and give you their honest opinion of what is good and what isn't so good.  The service is very fast for as busy as they are.  I recently had the new location in Northeast Philadelphia. If you like Jamaican food Tuot have to check this place out.  Their Oxtails and Jerk chicken are so full of flavor and even their vegetables are greatly seasoned.Me and boyfriend got dinner drom there last night got Bbq Jerk Chicken, cabbage and white rice....the chicken was good, cabbage was horrible and rice tasted like they had put a whole container of salt on it.....will never go back....I can't see what the big hype is I've had better.....Boyfriend didn't like food eitherI ordered from uber eatz the other night. Simply delicious! I had the sweet and spicy wings with cabbage and Mac. Everything was tasty and seasoned perfectly.The best Jamaican food ever! U gotta try them, u will be hooked! Hands down D! Oxtails, jrk chk, curry shrimp is absolutely amazing and all the sides are delicious! Jamaican D'S for dinner tonight!I like Jamaican D's over Ron's. I did the taste test for curry chicken and this one came out on top.I loved the food especially since ron's fell off I needed a new place to get Caribbean food and this is it. The menu that is posted has changed its prices everything is now a dollar more. 1 woman had a really bad attitude but I think it was with one of the workers... But would definitely recommendI got the oxtails and curry  with  rice and beans and cabbage I swear that was the best food I ever tasted I would give it 10 stars if I couldDefinitely the real deal. Tried this place a couple days ago after having tried another local "Jamaican restaurant" that wasn't as authentic. They give a lot of food per platter and the macaroni and cheese side was sooo tasty. It's mostly a takeout place so don't expect to sit and eat. Service was pretty fast when I went considering how packed the place was; The line curved around the place. Give this place a tryBest Jamaican food I've had since living with my parents. Home is so far away so it's nice coming to the truck or the resturant to taste a little home. I don't have any complaints except know what your ordering before they ask what you want.Straight up no bullshit! You're missing out if you don't try this food!
Sooooooooo gooood!Never disappointed. The curry-shrimp is my all-time favorite from Jamaican D's. Followed him from Ron' Carribean Cuisine where he was jamm'n the Ox tails like no-other. Check It OutI'm so sorry to give a negative review of this place. Initially, I was very excited when I read all of the other reviews. I was counting on this spot to provide me with amazing food. But to me, their food was barely edible. Upon first approaching the restaurant, I noticed the food truck outside. But, I also noticed that the restaurant was open. I went into the restaurant to order, and of course the customer service was AWFUL. Two females were standing at the spot where orders should be taken but of course I was ignored. They were both looking at their phones and talking to each other. They did look up and give me a dirty look. Guess they don't like Indo Caribbeans.  (I cant stand when people are rude when their business is to get my money) Finally, someone acknowledged me and told me there were no plantains. To go out to the food truck and they will have. I went outside only to be greeted by another server who had an attitude problem. And if course NO PLANTAINS in the food truck either! I figured not a big deal. I was still betting on the delicious food. Couldn't wait. I ordered what I wanted and the woman seemed to hide my dish so I couldn't look inside. When I finally got home I noticed she served me a lot of food. In my small jerk chicken order I got three drum sticks (not a fan of drum sticks) and a  thigh. In addition there was rice and cabbage. I did not like the food. The chicken was a bit tough and I didn't love the flavor of the jerk. This chicken tasted more like sweet and sour than jerk. The cabbage and carrots were way overcooked and the texture was lost entirely. I also thought it was flavorless. The rice was okay but I was so turned off by the haphazard appearance of my food, the sweet and sour chicken when I expected Jerk, and the mushy cabbage that I threw the whole dish away after a few bites. I will never be returning. And I would advise as many people as I can to avoid eating here. It's really not worth it.Very clean establishment with excellent service.  And quite frankly, the best Jamaican food I have ever had.  I'm coming back tomorrow for the oxtails.I have heard about this place for years, I have just never gotten around to eating here.
Going to visit a friend, I was hungry and realized I was in the area.
I pulled up, parked, and stood in line at the truck, as the line inside was ridiculous. I stood for about 20 minutes before the lady told us that we should go inside because she didn't have much food left. 
So inside I went... to stand in the long line. I was in line for over an hour. For the life of me, idk why I stayed... HUNGER.
I did not appreciate all of the flies. 
Once I got my food, it was very good. Coming from a West Indian family, half of which is Jamaican... I am a tough critic. But i enjoyed my bbq jerk chicken. 
I would come back to this place, only if the line wasn't so long!I think the food here is delicious and they give you a large portion. I ordered on Uber eats and it was so much I ate it for a few days. I got ox tails, mac and cheese, and cabbage and it was delicious!Worst Jamaican Food I had in Philly! I have a blog and review food places and did a top jamican spot list so i was trying new places for a new list.  This place was just terrible.  The mac N Cheese is boxed mac! not even real baked! Sauce was more like spicy katchup on the jerk chicken! Don't waste your time with this place.Always full of ppl and they get orders taken very fast ! I usually have the  curry chicken and rice and peas , cabbage . The fried Bbq chicken is good and the fish is too . Been coming here for years love itSomeone write the Jerk chicken was on point. May I add neeedle point. Every flavor, every spice, every taste bud gets lit up by the jerk chicken. Its just like home. Word of advise, if you buy jerk chicken and it was not cooked in the drum outside with all the smokey flavor, then you havent had REAL jerk chicken. This was the main reason I decided to give this spot a try and low and behold, it was more than I expected.Food used to be good. The female workers aren't that friendly. It just isn't as good as it used to be. If I do go; I keep it safe and order oxtails.We ordered dinner from here last night and was very disappointed. Portions were very small and the collard greens were vinegary. Last time ordering from here, should've to Royals instead.Good. You get a lot of portions for about $10. My friends and I ordered the jerk chicken, Mac & cheese, whiting, salmon, and rice. The price is right. The meat-fish was well seasoned no complaints there. However I don't recommend the Mac and cheese. At first bite you'll go "wow this is delicious" and then soon after you get a unpleasant taste. I don't know how to describe it, but the Mac and cheese is meh. It tastes like it was purely made with one cheese and no seasoning? So a hard cheese taste that wasn't very good.I just ordered from there 2/25 6PM
1.  Salmon, mac & cheese, sweet potatoes
2.  Curry chick, cabbage, sweet potatoes
First of all, the salmon was overcooked and so dry the fork would not go through it. The sweet potatoes were like a casserole or puree and had way too much lemin extract. The cabbage was ling and tough (hard). The curry chicken taste like it was boiled and had absolutely no taste what so ever and the sauce was thin as water.
After i made a post on FB & IG everyone wants to say they go e down hill so long ago. Well i wish had kniwn before wasting my time, gas and money. 
If this post could get a zero thats what it would have been!Got the Jerk Chicken Platter and the Oxtail Platter.
The Mac n Cheese is delicious, the Oxtail is even better. 
One of my chicken was dry, but the rest was delicious.
They recently raised the prices on all their food. I thought the price was a fair one to begin with, but now, it's in the pricey range.I love Jamaican D's I come here often. The food is amazing the only reason I give them 4 stars and not 5 is because the last two times I came to this location they didn't have what I wanted, although I did settle for something else very tasty when you got your mind set on one specific thing it sucks when they don't have it. Other than that it's a pretty decent spot. Other reviews I read said some of the ladies in there can be rude but that hasn't been my
experience at all. The lines can be pretty long but service is fairly quick so it's not like your waiting forever. Like others said parking sucks but sometimes you will get lucky and find a spot not to far from the place.I have been eating here off and on for 6 years, my dude loves the shorter lines...I like Ron's better (oxtails are meatier and the brown gravy is tastier). But I thought I would give them another chance... and yesterday (10/7/18) I was extremely disappointed again.  Their platters have gone up $2-$4 and they're smaller in size. The women are rude AF unless your a guy! I'm taking my money back to Ron's!!!I'm not even going to waste time typing too much. They are the best. The platters are hefty. Everything is done right. Stew chicken. Right. Jerk bbq wings. Right. Snapper. Right. Oxtails. So right. Yams. Right. Cabbage. Right. Mixed veggies. Right. Mac and cheese...only aight (too runny, not seasoned enough).
Line is always long. So. You have somewhere better to be? No. The ladies taking your order assume you got your order together while you were waiting on the long fast moving line so basically you should have your order together. Why wouldn't you have your order together? That's your job. You order. You pay. They make the magic happen so don't get on their nerves cause they are there to feed you not make new friends. Remember this when you get a blank stare when you ask "what sides do you recommend?" or "why don't y'all have plantains?"I was so excited to order from here. After hearing so many positive reviews from this place. I decided to order jerk chicken sweet potatoes and rice . Food ended up being very bad. Chicken wasn't cooked thoroughly and there was a high piece of cinnamon stick in the sweet potatoes making them spicy. Mac and cheese was very watery . Never againI do not like that the ox tails arent available all week. 
That sucks.The lady here is so nice! If she sees you looking confused, she'd ask a few questions and can make a suggestion. She also lets you try pieces and chicken and sauces.
There are platter deals here that are pretty nicely prices. I usually get the jerk chicken with 2 sides. My favorite sides are the potato salad and mac and cheese. The boyfriend likes the veggie and corns.
You can also just come here for an older of mac and cheese whenever you're craving like I did. It's the "small" size white styrofoam contain but for mac and cheese, that's a lot!
Now that I'm graduated, I will miss stopping by this truck!Yum!!! My first "gourmet" food truck eats. I'm not very familiar with Jamaican food, but what I got was totally delish! I ordered curry shrimp with a side of sweet potatoes and mac and cheese. Here is the deconstructed review:
Curry shrimp - huge shrimp and perfectly cooked. The sauce was perfectly seasoned and not too spicy. When I got home, I actually had to take some bread and use it to sop up the rest of the sauce- can't have it go to waste (it was that good)!
Sweet potatoes - mashed. It was sweet and had a hint of amaretto (I think). It was very flavorful and could be a dessert by itself. My only complain is that it had traces of the roots, so some bites were a bit stringy.
Mac and cheese - tough to go wrong with mac and cheese. I thought it tasted good, mainly because it was smothered in curry.
The sweet potatoes and mac and cheese were an odd combination as sides (and because they were all pretty much mushed together0, but I had hard time hearing the guy in the truck. I kind of just quickly picked the sides. But I have ot admit, they were perfect together! 
Price-wise, I thought it was a bit pricey, but it was definately a lot of food. They actually gave me an option of 3 sides (for the same price), but I didn't take it. I actually had to put away the other half away because I was too full to finish.
To make this a 5-star: guys on the truck need to speak just a bit louder (it was tough to hear with the motor), strain the mashed sweet potatoes, better/more sturdy food container.
Definately worth checking out and coming back to!Best Jamaican food in philly so far. Jerk is better than the guy who makes it outside late at night by Nolibs hands downSolid food everytime.
Food truck at 3rd and Spring Garden.
Generous servings.
Jerk chicken and oxtail dinners are a must.
Potato salad and collard greens can't be beat.The Jamaican D's food truck has finally made its way down to 3rd and Spring Garden, so I gave the small oxtail stew platter a try with sides of collard greens and mac and cheese.  For $8, I received a loaded box good for at least two people and then some -- can't go wrong with delicious spicy flavour and filling portions!  Will have to give the rest of the menu a try soon!I love this place!  They have a walk in location at Wister and Chelten.  The food is always excellent. The platters are loaded and the prices are just right. 
This is the best Jamaican place in Philadelphia!There's truly no better Jamaican food truck than Jamaican D's. Sure, it's "slightly hidden" on the Community College of Philadelphia's campus, but the trip is well worth it. Out of all of the food trucks there, their line is twice as long. People will wait as long as necessary just to get their rice and beans only. It's well worth it.If only they had homemade ginger beer!  This is a lunch truck right at the doorstep of Community College of Philadelphia.  It's been there for years and there is always a line.  They have goat, oxtail, really good rice and beans, and beef patties, just to mention a few items.  They are less expensive than Jamaican Jerk Hut, not to mention the couple who own it are genuinely nice people.Delicious Jamaican and Southern comfort food but you wait on average fifteen minutes to have your food prepared which can feel like an eternity outside a lunch truck. Also, beware, the fried fish has bones in it.Always amazing food. Cooked with love. Gotta know in advance what you want with back ups in case they don't have it that day. The Wed-Fri menu has oxtails, curry goat (see pic, faded out paper on left). Jerk chicken is amazing, and their sauce is always top notch. Get it spicy! Call ahead  to order save time; if they're not busy they'll take your order.Tasty food for cheap prices! What more can I ask for? I have not been able to try many dishes at Jamaican D's because I always come later in the day (early evening) when they've run out of a lot of food, so come early in the day if you want all options available! I also recommend coming before the lunch rush if possible because my friend has warned me of long waiting lines during those times. As for the food, I've had their jerk chicken and curry chicken which are both delicious. The portions are huge, so I can usually get 2 meals out of 1 order.For a lunch truck, their vegetarian options are pretty good, but they don't have much vegan stuff.  I'm pretty sure the collards and rice and beans are vegan.When I went to CCP I stayed at D's for one reason or another. It was the only place I could get pineapple soda and at the time it was my absolute fave. My favorite meal was BBQ chicken tenders, greens, macaroni, and cornbread. It was lovely. The tenders were crisp and the BBQ was more like spicy buffalo, but it was great. It was so good it almost felt wrong to have access that kind of home cooked taste on any given day. I've been meaning to get back over there, but so far it hasn't worked out. It wasn't unusual for the line to be 10-15 people deep.
I tried the beef patties once too, but I didn't care too much for them. Maybe it's just me.I had food from the truck at 4th & Spring Garden St. The truck is clean the food is really good. The line was not long to wait. I was able to order and make it back to my desk to enjoy lunch without rushing. I even had food left to take home.....Jamaican food done well. Its difficult to track down the food truck,  not always consistent but when available it is a great place to order fromThis is some of the best jamaican food in the city. The lines are usually really long but I've been noticing a decrease. I would definitely recommend going.Really tasty Jamaican food.. 
Huge portions 
I always share with my boyfriend 
Mac and cheese.. Yams.. Collard greens.. All delicious 
Jerk chicken is juicy and tender and full of flavor 
This is comfort food for meThis picture is actually from their truck near Wal-Mart on the Blvd. I love the curry chicken,peas and rice with plaintain. The workers are very polite as well!I used to work a couple of blocks from here and would go here a few times a month for lunch.  My standard order would be a small jerk chicken with rice & beans and plantains (or some other side if they didn't have plantains).  Their food is delicious and their staff is so friendly.  Call ahead because they are popular and you may have to wait!Very flavorful, delicious food! Very large portions! The lady who works there is very nice and will give you suggestions if you are unsure what to get. Good bang for your buck!I'm probably going to give them a refresher review when I actually eat the food but I have to review my experience. They were just plain out of all food. No Jerk, no Curry, no Patties, no nothing. Wait, they had Stew Chicken... I don't travel all the way to the city to get Stewed chicken. Wish they had more to offer but they just didn't. Again, I'm probably going to get bashed for actually not tasting the food but this is my experience and I'm sticking to it.Jerk chicken and the oxtail are the two best options on the menu. Get a side of Mac and cheese or rice with it. Also can't argue with the price or portion sizes! Easily some of the best Jamaican food I've ever had.Huge portions at a great price. Ordered the jerk chicken with Mac and cheese and rice and beans. Rice and beans were OK but hands down the best jerk chicken I've ever had. Mac and cheese was delicious.It took me awhile to get to Jamaican D's because I am a spice wuss and I feared it.  But this is one of the best trucks near CCP and if there isn't a huge line and I have a hankering for some filling food, I'll brave it out.  The people that work there are super nice and sometimes if you wait a long time they will give you extra plantains or whatever other side dish.
Options that work for me are the Fried Whiting fish, Brown Stew Chicken, and BBQ chicken wings.  They have platters where you can get sides too for just a couple dollars extra.  I love the plantains, sweet potatoes, cornbread, rice and beans, and mac & cheese.  
Today I got the BBQ chicken wings, which are usually just a tad spicy but today there must have been some rogue peppers that jumped onto my chicken.  One of them decided to get stuck in the back of my throat and clung on for dear life.   I grabbed for my water and sent it flying across my desk in desperation. After throwing a wad of napkins onto the new lake forming on my desk, I proceeded to glug down the remainder of the bottle trying to get the pepper unstuck from the back of my mouth.  Finally after drinking two bottles of water, sweet relief washed it down.
I say this only to let those like me to beware the chicken.  Sometimes you may get burned!  However, the rest of the platter was much less painful to consume. If you like spices, they now sell their famous jerk sauce in bottles!  Scotch bonnet peppers galore!
Also, the take credit cards, which puts them above all other food trucks that reside on the perimeter of CCP.This place is absolutely phenomenal it is so delicious everything I have tried absolute knock you off your feet flavor and quality meats that are fall off the bone, it can be a little intimidating for a young white male to travel here alone without my in-laws to help me fit in lol, but well worth the trip!!Since they added the second  3rd & Spring Garden (and now a third -- Temple University, 11th & Norris) truck with considerable less headache parking issues than the one on 17th & Spring Garden, i come just about every two weeks.  I am so familiar there that as soon as I walk up, the server says, rice/beans with cabbage and oxtails, heavy on the gravy.  When I say I'm in heaven, you best believe it!!!!  My platter is always OVERFLOWING with juicy, tender, flavorful food that will leave you in a food coma AND have enough for the next day and maybe a third.
I have not had a chance to sample many other items, curry shrimp and curry goat are also good, but I always go back to the ox tails.  Keep up the good work---next time though I will not get the greens---too heavy on the spices!!!!Great food truck with fast service and amazing food! My favorite is everything,  ox tails, curry shrimp, buffalo chicken tenders,  everything!  So good.Jamaican D's has to be my 2nd favorite Jamaican restaurant in the city but I must say the Ron's on Broad Street is #1..
However don't let that deter you they have great food here at Jamaican D'sThe people were rude and i had to repeat myself  a few times. And the food was absolutely horrible. I had passed this place numerous times and never  tried it but I'm a big jamaican food lover so I kept telling myself I'd try it for months at school. Finally the one day I did. I ordered the curry chicken, and got mac and cheese and sweet potatoes. I love sweet potatoes and I'm easy to please but they were not good. The mac and cheese noodles were overcooked, and way over spiced. The curry chicken was the worse i ever had. It was WAYYYYYY TOO HOT. All you tasted was the chili peppers, it completely took away from the curry. Never returning!!!!It was my comfort food during college! A tad expensive for college student, but it had a huge portion that you can eat twice!!!
I love the oxtail stew and always had it with lots of hot sauce, I mean a lot lot!
They are very nice people :)
The line is always long, yeah but it worthed!
Excelent service!!
Everything from this food truck is awesomee!!
 No kidding, I miss the oxtail stew a lot after I transfered to Uni..I am absolutely  anal abt  everything especially where and what is eat. And I'm am the biggest cheerleader for Jamaican D's. The service is pleasant the food is DELICIOUS  AND FRESH!!!! And OMG the Jerk sauce the make...IT'S WORTH THE 45min ride EVERYTIMEThis place came highly recommended by my coworkers and I must say I was impressed. I got the jerk chicken, collard greens, rice and beans, and macaroni and cheese. Two thumbs up for the jerk and collards. The rice and Mac wee good but not as tasty as the others. I should note that I hear great things about the is tail but I didn't go for it. Maybe next time because I will definitely be returning.This is one of the bests trucks in the city. I love Jamaican food and this truck did not disappoint. I had the ox tail stew with rice and beans and steamed cabbage. I also had the mac and cheese on the side. It was a lot of food and enough to feed off of for two or three meals. Great food! I will definitely go back to the truck again.Don't be discouraged when you find out this this is not an actual restaurant. It's a food truck located on the side of the college (with some other food trucks). The food was sooo good and it was a lot of food!! Jerk chick with cabbage and rice n peas. Prices were very reasonable. I would definitely recommend trying this place!!I found Jamaican D's, well after circling around Spring Garden for nearly 20 minutes trying to locate the icon on the Yelp map, I discovered Jamaican D's because Denise Soul Food was closed again. I've written off Denise Soul Food (Pink Truck) because they are never open anymore. 
I ordered the Oxtail dinner for myself, and the Jerk Chicken for my wife. The food portions here are much larger than the portions from the Pink Truck, or any other Jamaican food establishment/trucks I've eaten at. 
The wife and I believe the Mac & Cheese, and the other sides are better at Jamaican D's. The candied-yams, which is particularly is not known as a West-Indian dish, were a little different than what I've had at other places. Jamaican D's gives you three sides with their large platters instead of the standard two. With that said, I believe the jerk chicken at Denise Soul Food (pink truck) is still; well, was better than most. The oxtails were decent and the gravy was flavorful, especially over those rice and peas. 
Unable to get solid Jamaican food from my favorite place as of late, I am forced to search the region for a suitable alternate. Though I am not ready to settle, Jamaican D's looks like a feasible option for time being. I plan on trying all the dishes this truck has to offer.I would walk across the city for this place...or truck rather. It's just that delicious. At times I have such a deep crave to eat their food. I've had many of things here from the jerk chicken to the fish to the chicken tenders and every side is just so amazing. Get some Caribbean drinks and you're good to go!!My favorite meal in Philly was prepared by this food truck on CCP's campus.  I had the medium platter of jerk chicken with rice and beans and mac and cheese.  Unbelievably large portions, probably not to be consumed in one meal, however how could I resist?  It was delicious.  Highly recommend!Fantastic food, the biggest portions of anywhere I can ever remember eating, and incredibly cheap prices.  It's one of my favorite lunch spots in the city.
Everything here has been excellent: jerk chicken, curry chicken/goat/shrimp, oxtails. The sides are the bomb too: plantains, sweet potatoes, Mac and cheese, collard greens, cabbage.  5 stars easy!Decided to try this cart out after reading all the reviews. Loved it.Great Jamaican flavor with great value. Gotta get there early or you will surely hit a long long line and risk of running out of food  you want to try everything every side on the menu!They have the best Jamaican food in Philly. I don't think I've seen them move the truck away from Philadelphia community college but who cares. The collard greens were amazing. Plantains were the right  amount of crispy and mushy, but the chicken fell of the bone. Great food at a fair price.I'm so sorry to give a negative review of this place. Initially, I was very excited when I read all of the other reviews. I was counting on this spot to provide me with amazing food. But to me, their food was barely edible. Upon first approaching the restaurant, I noticed the food truck outside. But, I also noticed that the restaurant was open. I went into the restaurant to order, and of course the customer service was AWFUL. Two females were standing at the spot where orders should be taken but of course I was ignored. They were both looking at their phones and talking to each other. They did look up and give me a dirty look. Guess they don't like Indo Caribbeans.  (I cant stand when people are rude when their business is to get my money) Finally, someone acknowledged me and told me there were no plantains. To go out to the food truck and they will have. I went outside only to be greeted by another server who had an attitude problem. And if course NO PLANTAINS in the food truck either! I figured not a big deal. I was still betting on the delicious food. Couldn't wait. I ordered what I wanted and the woman seemed to hide my dish so I couldn't look inside. When I finally got home I noticed she served me a lot of food. In my small jerk chicken order I got three drum sticks (not a fan of drum sticks) and a  thigh. In addition there was rice and cabbage. I did not like the food. The chicken was a bit tough and I didn't love the flavor of the jerk. This chicken tasted more like sweet and sour than jerk. The cabbage and carrots were way overcooked and the texture was lost entirely. I also thought it was flavorless. The rice was okay but I was so turned off by the haphazard appearance of my food, the sweet and sour chicken when I expected Jerk, and the mushy cabbage that I threw the whole dish away after a few bites. I will never be returning. And I would advise as many people as I can to avoid eating here. It's really not worth it.I don't know if you can count my review towards all of the food offered but particularly, every time I go to the truck, there is no seafood option  offered except for fried fish. I would love to be able to review the curry shrimp that's always posted. 
I have had the king fish which was yummy.Best Jamaican I've ever had. The medium is 2 meals - not just government approved food pyramid meals but obnoxiously oversized American he-man meals. God help you if you get large, I can only assume it's enough for a small family, specifically Chris Farley's family, may he rest in peace.
The jerk chicken and brown stew chicken are both excellent and tendah; the former had my big Jewish nose running from the heat. The sides really make the meal though, so let me help you out by ranking what I've gotten:
1. Rice & beans (I usually try not to wast stomach space on fillers, but this has outstanding flavor with some zing)
2. Mac & cheese
3. Cabbage
4. Collards (best collards I've ever had, not too bitter)
They were out of potatoes and plantains when I went (winter).
This place is popular so go sometime not between 12-1 or call in your order (even though they probably won't pick up). The lady is really nice, but you gotta understand if she doesn't seem that way when it's busy.
The Yelp location is wrong - they really set up on 17th, south of Spring Garden, along the west side of the street. Google says 488 N 17th. Just ask someone dummy.Who would have thought that you could get GOOD jamaican food from a food truck? Well in Philly you CAN! Jerk chicken, or salmon. Plantain, cabbage, fish, and macaroni pie. Right next to the Community College behind the school District Building & Sping Garden & Broad st.Classic food truck @ Temple University. 
Good food. Good service.
Their mac & cheese is my favorite, but I love their other healthy vegetable options that are available too!very accommodating staff and large portions. Haven't had a bad meal yet.  a delicious treat.  The beef ribs are amazing and i always get the mac n cheese on the side it is very good. I dont usually order mac n cheese out. Im a total MNC snob.  If you like wawa's MNC then you just dont understand.  I tried on several occasions to get the curry shrimp but they never seemed to have it.  when i finally landed it i was kind of let down but it was still very tasty.I'm from out of town and was craving some oxtails. I went here & was not disappointed! They were amazing & tasty. Their beef patties were really good too. I would def recommend this place. The price was really reasonable and the lady that served me was friendly & I got my food in less than 5 minsIn my opinion this is the best Jamaican food in the city! The portions are big and the food is just full of flavor. I use to go here everyday when I went to CCP, it was definitely the best part of my school days =) The Jerk Chicken is good but the OX Tail is just mouth watering; the meat is cook until it's so tender that it just falls off of the bone. 
Oh another thing I would like to add, with each platter you get a choice of a side dish ex: mac n cheese, cabbage etc. My favorite use to be the sweet corns but they stopped offering it many years ago. Definitely would be a big plus if they would add that back on the menu!!! But my second choice is always the side dish of steamed cabbage.
I highly recommend this place to everyone who loves flavor and Caribbean food.This is a pretty wonderful food cart. Inexpensive lunch options (no Diet Coke though--bummer) with great variety. Depth of flavor and large portions (food coma to follow). The barbecue chicken I got with rice and peas and plantains was pretty wonderful. Leg quarters meant juicy chicken, and plantains tasted recently fried. Plenty of seating at CCP means convenient eating, which is a necessity with such an messy meal. My lunch mate says it's the best Jamaican in town.The location I like is the truck at 30th & market sts the fish is fried just right not too hard :-) the rice n beans are spicy and the greens and cabbage are soooo good the juice just drips from my lips lolGrowing up in a family of West Indian/Caribbean descent, I think I'm one of the harshest critics when it comes to Caribbean restaurants. Jamaican D's is one of the best restaurants in the entire Philly area to get Jamaican food. They actually know how to cook jerk chicken...on a charcoal/wood burning grill the way it should be done with the smoke that makes your eyes water, but with the scent that makes your nose happy and your stomach crave what's cooking on that grill.
The jerk chicken, oxtails and curry chicken are all amazing. The sides that accompany the meats are good, but they're never the main focus of my meal. If you happen to be in the Mount Airy or West Oak Lane area, I definitely recommend stopping by Jamaican D's if you have a taste for Jamaican food. The food is good and the price is extremely reasonable. Depending on your appetite, you can probably have dinner and lunch for the next day for well under $15.Hands down my favorite food truck in this city. Prices may be steeper than the halal cart prices people are used to BUT the portions are huge and the flavor is worth every penny. 
My go-to option, at the recommendation of my old roommate who always made Caribbean dishes for meals, is the medium-sized jerk chicken platter with mashed potatoes and mac n' cheese. I want to branch out but it's so hard when what you always get never disappoints! 
Get the sauce they pour on your chicken; you have the option of mild or spicy and I generally go with the mild because I prefer when the sauce doesn't detract from the jerk seasoning. 
Unfortunately, they don't offer drinks with their meals and they have to be purchased separately. No big deal for me as I always drink water anyways and tend to have a bottle on me.
With the medium sized platter, it's more than enough to share between my always hungry boyfriend and myself. The meat falls off the bone and the sides are pretty savory. 
I highly recommend making a stop here at any of their trucks although I can only optimistically assume that the service and quality are the same. 
I'm salivating at the thought of the jerk chicken platter nowJerk chicken with jerk sauce OR brown stew chicken, rice and beans, and plantains. Mac n cheese and fried fish also yummy.I'm at the truck at 12:00 pm at 1700 Spring Garden and they are not open. So unreliable!! Why have hours when you're not even going to be there. You are wasting people's time!I had delivery from Uber eats. The food is ok but the packaging is horrendous. The food comes in styrofoam platters that are too small to fit entree and sides. Everything was leaking and all mixed together. The jerk chicken had no flavor! The oxtails were too salty, but the collards were good.Can't believe it took this long between reviews, I don't even remember writing this... but I knew in 2014 once I tasted the food it would change my rating. In the 4 years since I have eaten from their restaurant and the food truck and both are phenomenal. Worth every bit of long wait and semi high prices.The truck was not at this location at 2:24 pm on a Friday!?! I wasted 20 minutes of my work lunch break to learn this. Very disappointed.Some of the best Jamaican food I have ever eaten! All the food on the menu is delicious! My favorite is the jerk chicken and curry chicken. I also love the sweet potatoes and Mac and cheese! Sooooo delicious! I recommend this food to anyone who is looking for quality food made with wonderful seasonings and spices!Stewed chicken too salty and spicy. Gave it a chance..2nd time to. Sweet potatoes taste funny. Even my dad said so. Mac and cheese wasn't good. Won't be back.Wow what a great find! I chanced upon their food truck #2 located around 4th and Spring Garden, not an area I usually go to. I got a small jerk chicken meal. It was SO MUCH FOOD! You get like a half chicken and 2 loads of sides. The chicken was so flavorful and the sides as well. I got the collard greens and rice and beans. Everything was so tastey, even the rice and beans were seasoned with their jerk marinade! I can't wait to go back to try their oxtail and curry lamb.