Yes!    
...that is the answer to the following:
-Did I try this place based solely on absolutely loving the name?
-Should you go?
-Do they have varying food offerings? (I went for lunch)
-Have the owners done actual homework on ensuring that the menu is not pretentious?
-Is the food any good?
-Nice and relaxing interiors?
-What if you're by yourself and want to sit at the bar, will the bartender engage you in friendly conversation and share that he almost missed his moms birthday had you not inadvertently reminded him?
-Is it possible that one of the owners will be sitting next to you at said bar, and josh you about not knowing how to open the mini-sized personal ketchup bottle for your frites?
-Should you go back for happy hour and drinkssssss? (extra, on purpose)Ok... Had to work, so asked for takeouts.  Dining in is always better., but willing to risk eating from James menu in the hotel room. 
Was expecting it to be mediocre... Was I ever wrong.  Food was awesome.  They went the extra mile preparing the food for travel... Not just putting in plastc bins but lining them with thin foil bowls! You can tell the staff was concerned with the quality of their food even if unable to enjoy the James's vibe inside. 
I started with coconut curry  cauliflower.  Omg, to die for.  My only complaint of the meal... They should have included some tandoori bread to sop up the awesome sauce. 
Then enjoyed the millionaire Mac and Cheese (loaded with lobster!)  I had to try but usually I find most restaurants add lobster but no taste... Not James.  Unbelievable!  This will become my go to food at James. 
Finished off with their signature burger and sweet potato chips.   Definitely an unforgettable dinner!!!Went here on NYE.  The place was not busy - AT ALL - yet it took more than 20 minutes for anyone to even acknowledge us.  Finally, after a half hearted apology, someone pours us some water.  Our waitress clearly did not want to be there as she had a bad attitude.  
Food:  Pre-fixe menu was an absolute scam at $65.  A salad, Filet Mignon, and a slice of cake.  The filet mignon came out mostly cold, with a warm spot here or there.  Lacked flavor and character.  Salad was decent.  I don't remember how the cake was because I was so hungry/angry that I basically inhaled it.  Drinks were decent.
I was warned by a friend about this place and should have listened.  Complete and utter waste of money.  Avoid this place at all costs.I had an extremely negative experience here a few months ago with the bartender that could not handle the group I brought and a manager that lied to me about James's ability to accommodate a group of 50 when I called well in advance to set everything up.  I was treated very poorly and will not go here again. I recommend staying away from this place.The James salad looks a bit sketchy when they first bring it out but it's actually pretty damn good. The onions with the dressing, odd chunk of blue cheese and the balsamic go really well with the bib lettuce. I would definitely order it again. The fries were kinda like high end McDonald's fries so they were yummy. 
The service (Julie was our server) was amazing just like their Bloody Mary's.. as of now I would say they make the best BM's in Philly. It used to be Standard Tap but James got it beat. 
Another plus is that it's not too pricey. I went for brunch though so idk how their dinner menu is. 
And I'll definitely try them again.This place is convenient for me so I want to like it.  I have been there on several occasions.  Sadly the food is not good.  My dining companion and I were served really bad meatballs. They were not warm.  There was no buratta just a garden variety mozzarella.  The cauliflower was lukewarm and had no flavor.  The tab was high.  The service was ok. Good luck as a Comcast expense account palaceFirst of all: my husband and I didn't even eat here, so this isn't a review of the food. That's how bad of an impression they left just through us walking through the door. Member of staff (maybe a waiter, and not a host?) had a horrible attitude when we walked in. Didn't greet us when we walked in and then WE had to ask him to seat us. He then told us he was "busy" (mind you, he wasn't on the phone or anything, and restaurant was nowhere near packed) and just walked away. 
He could have just been an isolated jerk. Either way, I refuse to spend my money where I'm not welcome.5 Stars! Kienan our waiter handled our party of 11 flawlessly. He was professional, organized, friendly and went above and beyond to give each of us our own separate check at the end (he did it manually because he told me initally their system didn't automatically do that). The food was great, the atmosphere VERY comfortable we had a great time. Yup, I'm  definitely a fan!I figured since I am a "james" then the James would hook me up with some free drinks.....ok just kidding that is not the way a business works.
Great atmosphere and exceptional staff here at the James
I had a couple of old fashions, makers mark bourbon of course.
I did not get to try any of the food, didn't want to disturb my alcohol.
I will for sure come back when visiting Philly.We had a party of 10 at James today. All started fine, was excited but this review isn't about the food. Our waitress was unbelievably rude. 9 of us got our food...one didn't, who ordered an omelette. We told the waitress right away and she said sorry and will put the order in (she admitted she forgot). I had to leave early, so I left after I ate and my friend still didn't have her food! They were cracking jokes in the back later about the situation. Ended up taking about 30 mins after they finished eating for the order to come out. They said that they had other slips and it had to wait!! Hahaha!! Just avoid this place, looking at many other reviews that are similar and the owner doesn't respond. They don't care about their customers.Our first time at James. The overall space is really really nice. The food is delicious. The service is MEH. Ordered the cheese and charcuterie platter which was really nice but no one explained what was on the plate sorry that's what I'm used to. Ordered the meatball appetizer which was absolutely delicious but there were three meatballs and should've been four because most people share. I know I'm picky but there are a lot of fantastic restaurants in the city. I will definitely be back to James despite what I posted here.I came here with a group of friends from work. The food was disappointing. I ordered the spinach dip as an appetizer. It came out with my meal, was cold in the center, and consisted of cream cheese and some spinach splashed in. The crab cake with pumpkin risotto was dry. The risotto wasn't risotto at all, but rice cooked in a sauce. Very disappointing.Pathetic place! Not at all worth spending your money here.. overpriced for the bland food they put out. On top of it, the servers suck big time!  I had a  vegan dish and it turned out to be bland..so when the server asked me how i liked it, i respectfully told him my opinion to which his response was  " yeah because it is a vegeterian dish! " .....I was like...srsllyy???? did you really say that?.....i have eaten vegeterian dishes all my life and I know how tasty vegan dishes can be if only you know how to cook a proper meal...and as a matter of fact my colleagues who had non-vegeterian dishes didnt like their dishes either. The hotel charged a by default  20% service charge on my bill, or else I wouldnt have tipped him a single penny!One star is overkill for this place. Bartenders...more like additional servers. If you are going here for a drink, be prepared to wait 20 minutes and overpay. Food is subpar and also overpriced. 
Save your time and money and just walk the extra block to City Taphouse.The James Burger is so DELICIOUS!  So very good. Beautiful restaurant and great food!Came here with a group of 13 girls for a bachelorette. Props to our server because he was extremely patient with our group. We were sat in the back room which had a vault, which was probably the coolest part of the whole place.  Had the lobster Mac and cheese which was yummy, but deff not worth the price. Everyone agreed that the food was good but somewhat overpriced. Not sure if I would highly recommend this place, but wouldn't tell you to automatically dismiss it either.Loved James! Food was amazing, fabulous atmosphere, staff was very knowledgeable about every single food item on the menu. One downside was the service was a tad slow. I wouldn't recommend going if you're on a time crunch. Otherwise, the food was AMAZING! Get the filet mignon med. rare and you won't regret it.I ate at James for center city restaurant week and I was so disappointed because I love trying new places and it's so didn't live up to hype. First of all, it took prob over an hour for our entree, when it came, my steak which was supposed to be medium rare was def med well, and the desserts were gross. Overall it was very disappointing. It's a great spot and is cute inside but that's really it.Dined at James just to try it out...(kinda liked the name).  I liked the savory wings for starters & then tried the Filet Mignon which was also delicious and flavorful. My boyfriend ordered the crab cakes & thoroughly enjoyed his choice. I had a yummy martini then a hearty beer. All in all, we enjoyed our choices. I was a bit cold...needed more heat.. but we will be back.I reserved seating for 10 people a week prior for a meeting. When I arrived to James, the area was already set up and ready for us. The weather was terrible, construction was happening, and they were still all smiles and ready to serve! I arrived alone, so I had to wait for my guests. My wait for guests turned into my having a couple of mimosas, and finally just ordering breakfast. After a while, two more of my party finally arrived. They ordered their meals, and we sat there, had our meeting, took a couple of pictures, and the staff was still attentive and didn't seem bothered by our lack of numbers. Despite there not being a party of 10, just three, they never looked upset or as if they were just ready for us to leave. The food was amazing, the mimosas even better lol The service, immaculate! I wish I was great with names, because the one guy had jokes, shared his favorite menu items (helped one of us with a bout of indecision), and just made us feel very welcomed.Came here for brunch. Great atmosphere & nice place, but the food nor the mimosas were good. Best thing was the water.Has potential, great space but the food and service leaves too much to be desired with all the great restaurants in Philly.
The crab/lobster bisque was okay, served with garlic bread.
The thin New York strip that I ordered medium came the first time very well done, the second it was on the far side of medium but had a little pink left. Both were overpowered with a sauce. 
The waiter was friendly and very understanding when he saw my first steak but spent more time speaking with the host in this deserted restaurant than paying attention to his customers. My Old Fashion was fine, but he never bothered to ask me if I wanted anything else.
Definitely skip James.The bar was loud, and very dark.  We were seated promptly and given a nice table.  
The service was good.  Our waiter was attentive and gave good suggestions.  He warned us that the chicken make take longer then the rest of the entrees.  The white sangria was delicious!
Our food was good. We started with the deviled eggs which had bacon, so naturally they were amazing!  The chicken entree was good.  We were confused a little bit by the menu so we ordered potatoes and french fries.  The french fries were probably the best part of the dinner. They were not over crisp and definitely not soggy. They were perfect.  We had the chocolate ganache cake for dessert.  It was too chocolatey for me..which is saying something. 
The reason I gave it 4 and not 5 was because it was very very dark in the bar and it was loud.I live around the corner and was hoping James would be a nice addition to the area, so I tried its happy hour last night with a friend. The "happy hour" is a joke -- a lousy $2.00 off of $15 cocktails! And to top it off, there are no happy hour small plates. You have to order from the usual menu which is pretty pricey. It is no wonder that the place was fairly empty for a Wednesday evening. I will not be returning.Skip this place. Went here for restaurant week and was disappointed. My friend and I ordered the Filet and we were told "All steaks are cooked at Medium." Well we like our steak Medium Rare, and I can't imagine a good chef disagreeing. But that's what they do. Maybe it was a restaurant week only type deal to keep the kitchen moving, but if so, state the reason. If that's all steaks all the time, you can't charge $34+ and expect guests to be okay with only medium being the option. Despite that issue the steaks did come out good enough. However, service was painfully slow. Went on a Sunday, restaurant was empty and it took 3 hours from start to finish. Not sure why they took 30 mins from drink order to food order. Then 30+ mins between each course and each drink. Faster service would not only improve this review/experience, but I would have ordered more alcohol. My second beer was delivered with dessert despite ordering it during my main course.I'll be brief and get straight to the point. My girlfriend and I shared the halibut, burger and polenta fries. They were all delicious and I would highly recommend them. We also had a couple cocktails that were terrific (unique and well made). We sat at the bar and both bartenders were very helpful and attentive. The atmosphere, decor, service and food are all top notch. It was evident that the front of the house was bit disorganized, but they had opened just 2 weeks prior so I assume that they have worked out the kinks by now. 
You would be remiss for not visiting this establishment for a meal and/or drinks.Got the crab cake benedict, it was really underwhelming. The crab cake reminded me of those breaded frozen fish filets you buy from the grocery store, definitely did not taste like they were freshly prepared. The eggs were also not even slightly runny. More like hard boiled eggs. The server was really nice and the food was aesthetically beautiful, but the taste left a lot to be desired sadly :(Very convenient location for those in center city. I've eaten here a few times on Sunday when it was BYO and offered a discount for those in 19103 zip code - not sure if that's still the case, but I thought it was a good idea to get locals out on Sunday's. Had lunch here on a Thursday. Was not very busy and the music was a bit loud for a business lunch, but they did turn it down for part of our lunch. Service was very attentive and friendly. Lunch menu offered decent selection plus specials. I had the James Salad with crab, which was a good size with a decent amount of lump crab. It was quite tasty. My colleague had the wedge with chicken, which was kind of just plopped on the side. Might have presented better sliced on top. Overall it's a good meal at a fairly reasonable price. They've been challenged in their location with all the construction across the street but seem to be holding their own and getting decent traffic.This is going to be my new go-to spot in the city.  I had the filet mignon, the steak was cooked perfectly and the kona rub was amazing (I hope this stays on the menu for a long time).  I ordered and old fashioned and it tasted exactly how it should taste, perfect.  Parking was not bad at all, there is a pay lot right across the street, I found a spot on the street.  Sunday was a good night to go, not many people in the restaurant so it was easy to find a seat.  Staff was great.I went to James for brunch with my friends and had a very sub par experience. First of all, their very limited menu was out of several items we tried to order (fried green tomatoes and one of the alcoholic beverages). I asked for the lump crab cakes eggs benedict without crab cakes and the chef would accommodate me (even though all he had to do was omit the crab cakes). Then, I asked for the 2 eggs/hash browns with a side of spinach and tomato, since they had those items on the menu in other dishes. He wouldn't do that either. That's the first restaurant I've ever been to that wouldn't allow for simple omissions or additions. The server didn't even come back to check if we wanted refills and didn't clear our plates until we left. I definitely won't be coming back. In addition, there were only about 4 other tables of people during brunch, even though it is a large location.This place has a lot of potential - great location, nice ambience, great music, good drinks, decent enough food (a little salty), but the service leaves quite a bit to be desired.  
I went for happy hour as part of a group of 8 to celebrate a friend's birthday.  Everything started out well at the bar, and we transitioned smoothly to a table. With these frigid temperatures the place was empty, so we had our choice of seating.  Our server, Jordan S, was generally pleasant and reasonably attentive during our meal, and she got some nice photos of our group, but it didn't feel like she was on her 'A' game. For example, at the time of dessert orders, some members of our party were taken aback when she took orders for half of the table and walked away before other members of our party had a chance to state theirs.
The biggest disappointment of the night came when it was time for the bill.  She brought it out and then never came back to the table to take our cards.  A member of our party had to go look for her after we had waited for quite some time (note, there was no one there, so it's not like she was busy). Our friend gave her our cards and asked to split the bill 7 ways. She came back with 5 bills to sign and said that she needed two more cards b/c we had only given her 5.  We said no, that we had given her 7 and when she said that she didn't have them, we asked if she had possibly dropped them and requested that she trace her steps, b/c we had definitely given her 7.  She seemed annoyed and walked away, and another server came out and started looking under the table for our cards.  So here we are, cellphone flashlights out, searching for our cards at our table and in the restaurant aisles, when finally someone in our group suggests that the staff check the bill holder with the original bill, b/c the two cards that were "lost" were dark and possibly overlooked under the plastic against the dark folder. The staff said they'd already check, so we start checking the 5 bill holders that we'd received for the cards that they did actually run. TA-DAH! There they were. We found our own cards that our waitress insisted we had never given her.
It was an annoying and disappointing end to what was otherwise a fun night, and the saving grace was that I didn't get a PPA ticket while waiting for the card fiasco to be resolved (mine was one of the "lost" ones). They did provide two complimentary drink tickets for our trouble, but altogether they didn't seem to be that fazed when they potentially lost our cards. That and our server's attitude in response to the situation was upsetting.Was happy to be able to request a standard (not high-top) table when making my reservation at James. Was greeted promptly and brought to a nice, cushy booth (seriously, very comfortable banquettes). Waitress took our order promptly, and the food came out in good time. Good burger, well-executed and only slightly messy. Wasn't the hugest fan of the sweet potato chips that came with--seemed slightly burnt and not well seasoned. Was pleased to find we could split the check 3-ways by credit card. Would return for lunch.James has the best burger I have ever eaten, and I have eaten a lot of burgers. It was perfectly cooked, juicy and had the best sauce. All I can say is you must try this burger. The homemade chips it came with were also perfectly crisp and salted. I recommend going on a Monday night because its Burger & Beer night (Burger & Beer for $10 total!!) This is a steal because I believe the burger is normally $15! Just please, do yourself a favor and eat this burger as soon as you possibly can.James is fun and worth trying, I wouldn't say it's great yet but I think it has definitely worked out some of the kinks from when it first opened. 
Happy hour : 8/10
Fun happy hour, great food deals and the drinks are pretty good too. The atmosphere is fun and the service is generally pretty good. They did make my drink a little off but didn't mind it - still very tasty 
The food : 7/10
 I have had 2 dinners at James (one during restaurant week and one right after it opened) and they were about a year apart. The first one was when the restaurant (spring 2017) opened and one was just recently (jan 2018). On our first time around the food was only okay, we got a couple apps that didn't really wow us and then the entrees (steak and pork tenderloin) were nothing special. On our second trip we went for the restaurant week menu and it was definitely better. The roast chicken was juicy and delicious.Love the ambiance, my new favorite neighborhood bar! The staff is attentive and sweet and extremely accommodating. Go around 6:30 to ensure a cute booth made for the perfect romantic setting.I have to say that I was excited to go to the James & left disappointed!  I decided to check out the brunch.  Well...I ordered the shrimp & grits (unseasoned & bland) & my friend had the Challah French Toast (We had to send back because it had a soggy consistency).  You know when you real hungry...smell the foods of other patrons..then you get yours & you feel like there is a conspiracy against you & only you to prevent You from having a good meal...Well..that's my story & I am sticking to it!  Lol
I was still willing to see if we could bump up to 3-stars with the drinks...Nope!  
The extra star is for the potential of the beautiful & trendy space it occupies.  
I hope The James really look at the reviews on Yelp & revamp the food & sad drink menus.Not worth it. Here's the brunch breakdown. No espresso machine. So don't expect lattes and stuff No soy or almond milk or alternative to milk. Avo toast bread came out burnt on all three separate orders so someone doesn't know how to toast bread in the kitchen. Pancake for the table was raw batter in the middle. So nothing was really good. Not to mention the place is just too dark for brunch. Lighten it up a little.Most of the reviews echoed our experience. Great location and beautifully decorated interior but the rest leaves so much to be desired. 
Service was subpar, drinks were uninspired, and the food was pretty forgettable.
With so many other options in the area it's hard to imagine coming back.Enjoyed a wonderful evening at James.  The building is a cool old bank.  The staff is very attentive and friendly especially our bartender Angelo who remembered us from a previous visit which always makes you feel special .  The food prices very responsible,  drinks were good .  It was a good visit and one that will have us returning!We had dinner there last evening and wow!   They had a great happy hour menu selection of drinks and food.   The crab cake was amazing no filler except the outside for crust, very good! The coconut cauliflower dish was delicious. We also ordered grilled meatballs to share and they were tender not dry and delicious.  I can not rave about this place hope people get to experience it more... I think once the new buildings around it are built it will be a bustling place!Great bar and wait staff.  Everyone took excellent care of us.  The pomme frites at the bar are a great snack while having a drink and we tried a mix of appetizers that were all good.  The cheese and charcuterie was very good as were the polenta fries.  Entrees were well prepared and very tasty.  I like that the tables for two are not the long bench style where you are sitting right next to someone else, but rather, they are along the window back to back.  Definitely worth trying again.Came in a little after 11 with my family, visiting from out of town.
The hostess (Fran? Francesca?) was a great introduction to the restaurant - polite,without blandishment. Keep her around!
Our waiter (name starts with a T, has short dreads and wears glasses) did his his job with just enough effort to complete it. Didn't check up on us until we were done, wasn't friendly, answered questions with a bored face and was a little short when I asked about them changing the annoying kids Easter music. "Is there any way we can change the music back?" "No. It's 'til 2." *walks away* ...oook dude.
Our food was great, though two people at my table got the challah French toast and were a little underwhelmed. I tried it and concurred. 
Smiles were rare and people seemed pretty bored or over their jobs. I'd give 3.5 stars if I could.Extremely disappointed with the customer service and overall experience. The music created for a fun atmosphere; however, due to the amount of people coming to just drink and dance clearly overwhelms the staff. We made reservations and did not see our waiter after she introduced herself and took our order. WE had to ask for waters, food, etc when it was taking much longer than it should have. Also a 20% gratuity was added automatically to our bill;however, we never saw our waitress so I brought this to the attention of the manager who then said, "we had to put it on for people eating because no one is tipping at the bar." Well poor service will do that sir. Needless to say we got the 20% taken off our bill and will not be returning.I had dinner here last night for the first time by a recommendation from close friends, and we were happy we took their advice! The decor is sophisticated and elegant; the bar itself is full of energy and a vast array of cocktail/wine/beer choices that you can't go wrong with what you choose.  The entire staff were friendly and professional. Our server, Laura, was excellent. She answered any questions we had with the menu, and made some wonderful recommendations. My husband had the Filet, which was cooked to perfection! I had the Braised Halibut, which was very decadent and perfectly braised. I also don't want to leave out the terrific selections of Starters and desserts. This will be our first choice for special occasions, or date nights whenever we go into Philly. I'm already looking forward to our next visit to James.We were seated right away, but weren't greeted until 10 minutes later. It wasn't busy AT ALL, maybe 5 tables were sat. When our waitress, Julie P.  finally arrived, she made it seem like she was in a rush and seemed bothered by having to serve us. We ordered drinks, fries for an app, and 2 entrees before she walked away. Almost 10 minutes went by before we received our drinks, shortly after that our fries came out. 10 more minutes went by and she said our food would be out shortly. We don't see her for 20 minutes and she comes up to ask if we've recieved our meals, which we clearly hadn't. She went to go check, came back 5 minutes later and said something to the effect of, "I asked the busboy and he's working on it." I asked how long because we had a movie to catch and had already been there over an hour. 5 minutes later, after consulting with multiple people (possibly management?), she comes back and tells us "The busboy is in training and took the food to the wrong table. It should be out in a few minutes, is that too long? Do you want me to just cancel it?" Almost like she wanted us to just go. I said yes and gave her my card for our drinks and fries, so we could go. After being there for way over an hour, in a half empty place, we left hungry. We suspect she forgot to put our order in altogether, since she stopped at the POS before checking on our food. Also, if the busboy took the food to the wrong table, wouldn't those people realize it wasn't correct and send it back? We were patient, friendly, and were never rude. They did take 50% off our bill, and she apologized, but it didn't seem genuine and we felt like WE were the burden for wanting our entrees in a timely manner.  It's disappointing because it was a nice atmosphere, good music, fries were great, and the food on the menu sounded delicious. Too bad we didn't get to try it!Great spot to grab food and a drink. Music is on point. Don't be dissuaded by the construction/scaffolding outside - very comfy ambience and friendly staff inside. Love it!I have been to James twice and the experience was incredible both times. The second time we even brought my parents when they were visiting Philly and they loved it to! The service is wonderful, the food is delicious, and the atmosphere is fun. Would highly recommend to anybody looking for a fun date night!Beautiful inside and friendly staff. The $10 burger and beer deal is a still given how incredible the burger is. Once the construction around it moves out, this place is going to be difficult to get into.It's actually very sad that this place has such awful service because the food is very good. The waiters and waitresses, even the bar tenders are so slow despite the restaurant not being full. It's confusing how it's so slow to be honest. That being said, drinks are delicious, especially the bloody Mary's. Food wise, highly recommend the burger and flatbreads. Living so close makes me wish this place had better service and hospitality, but definitely would opt for City Tap House instead.This place is great! From management to service, absolutely brilliant.  Watch the Sixers take the win and it was enhanced with the great crowd...except the forensic whiner Miami fan...  Keep it up guys I can't wait to come backI've been here for food twice before and had similarly experiences so I feel comfortable writing this. 
James was practically empty when we got there at 1:00 on a Sunday. We waited a significant period of time for water after sitting down (over 10 minutes) despite there being only three other tables with patrons. After receiving water, we waited another 15 minutes to order our drinks (despite telling our server when she brought water that we were ready to put in a drink order). For brunch food, especially in a place not packed (again- 3-5 other tables of patrons this whole time), there is no reason why it should take 25 minutes for eggs but that happened. The food came out late, wrong, and over cooked. Two orders were switched and had to be remade. The burgers, when fixed, ultimately came out okay, but the sides with them were burnt. My omelette and potatoes were extremely over cooked...the plate had clearly either been in an oven or under a heat lamp and the potatoes were completely dried and hard. Overall it was a terrible and expensive experience.Absolutely loved the James signature burger - it was cooked to perfection with a side of homemade sweet potato chips. The service, bottle of wine and food (burger + salad) were all excellent! Will definitely recommend to family + friends.We enjoyed our visit to James !  Matt one of the managers was kind enough to make our reservations .  We were meeting our good friend Jared for a long overdue visit to catch up on our lives .  Jamie the bartender was attentive and the drinks were wonderfully refreshing! We totally enjoyed our time at James !!Really nice addition to the center city area.   Charcuterie board was great and great cocktails!Went for business lunch. It was not super busy but the waiter was the only one there doing hosting and waiting tables so it was a slow dining experience (not his fault). We ordered the deviled eggs and I would not recommend them. The were hard and cold - definitely not fresh. Tasted like they had been refrigerated for a couple of days exactly how they were served.  Charcuterie board was amazing and plentiful. 3 different cheeses, bacon jam, fruit and nuts, 3 different meats as well. Perfect. I ordered the wedge salad as my meal with lump crab.  Don't order the crab. Waste of money. Lumps were small and didn't add to the salad. The salad itself was great. Wonderful homemade blue cheese. Wish it had had more tomatoes. Overall good experience. I would possibly be back but their menu is somewhat limited.Reservations that I made came highly recommended. I made a reservation for 6 people for Sunday Brunch. The restaurant was not crowded (only a few tables with people seated) mind you it was after the Broad Street Run and it was dead. We ordered the bottle of champagne. Our food order took over an hour from the time it was placed, before the waitress even came to tell us that it was running late ( and this was after we went to her and asked). We then place another drink order. I would understand if the restaurant was super busy or crowded, but it just wasn't. When the food finally arrived, items were missing. The items that did arrive correct, were good, but the almost 1.5 hour wait for our order was just unacceptable. Your waitress and host are the face of your restaurant. They were really accommodating and tried their best. An extra effort from management would really help us understand you actually cared that things didn't work out.Great bartender and the chicken wings were delicious. Try the mule drink here it has ginger beer in it and it's delicious!The restaurant was open, clean and not crowded. I asked the waitress to go over her suggestions for the menu. And had the crabcake sandwich, which she had suggested. And it was very good. However, the lunch menu is limited. Mostly salads and sandwich. Only one soup offered. Service was a little on the slow side. I'm more sensitive to this during a business lunch. All in all, I'll go back, but probably out of convenienceFirst visit but not the last .... Angelo the bartender friendly and helpful ! Good tunes , good drinks and beer and terrific food!  Manager Matt is awesome !This is a great place with a great happy hour - but the reason for the 3 stars is the service while we we here. They served us a plate of chips with the crab sandwich which was great and we wanted another order of chips to replace the fries and it seemed impossible to get this. The head waiter insisted that these could only accompany a sandwich and we couldn't bring a side order of these. He refused to provide an explanation beyond the chef will get angry with me or they are 25 dollars a chip... it was silly and frustrating. We were a group of 4 enjoying mostly drinks and this just made it ackward and uncomfortable. Too bad we were with folks who visited this place often but after today they just cancelled their plans for the coming Sunday.Went for Saturday Brunch. Enjoyed the avocado toast. Allegra and the rest of the staff were super friendly, attentive, and accommodating.As stated by another James: AT LAST. The old Mission Grill space had been empty for a long time and then the venue got buried behind so much scaffolding that I didn't even know a new restaurant was preparing to open. We visited on an evening shortly after the restaurant opened and had most of the restaurant area to ourselves as I'm guessing many people have not yet heard about this place. 
There were a few quirks that I think come with having a new restaurant, but I'm hoping these will get worked out in the coming weeks as we liked the food and staff. The Carpaccio was our favorite food of the night - fresh and nicely balanced by the greens. The Jumbo Lump Crab appetizer was disappointing - this is typically more of a summer dish and I think it showed as the avocado was disappointingly under-ripe and the tomatoes weren't very sweet. Our faith was restored with the tasty Skirt Steak (next time, I'll ask for extra chimi churri and no lime chipotle sauce...and I'll just tackle the frites with my fingers as these are really difficult to pick up with utensils) and the nicely-prepared Halibut. I look forward to going back soon and seeing how James settles in.Ok - So, I decided to give the James another chance and I am glad that I did!  I made it in time for Happy Hour and got some cocktails, beer and a nice meal.  We had the James Burger; Moroccan Spice Wings and Fries.  The food burger was moist, tender and delicious.  The wings were more of a dry rub and not too spicy and the fries were addictive.  
The service was great and I we felt overall it was a good experience.  
I will return for sure!Went here for a quick drink and an appetizer. They have happy hour daily from 4-6 and on Mondays you can get a beer and a burger for $10. Not bad. 
The bar is long and sleek, much like it was when this place was Mission Grill (although a bit fancier). 
There is a nice lounge area off to the right as you enter, which could easily host a large group. 
I'll most likely be back for drinks since I work in the area.Really enjoyed the chz board that my brother-in-law ordered.  I will be ordering next time!  And I loved loved loved the skirt steak that my sister-in-law ordered (traded her for my halibut since she thought steak was a tad spicy - NOT)  What a great night for a self-professed gourmand!Ugh. Honestly not impressed.  Well, there is definitely potential...but with all of the other spots in the area, I wouldn't recommend trying it out.
Came after work for happy hour with my girlfriends because this is located close to the office and I love convenience. But, TBH, the happy hour wasn't great. A $13 sandwich is not a happy hour deal. I got the $6 wine and the crab cake sandwich.  We also split the fries (which are shoestring) and the crab cake deviled eggs.  The food was tasty definitely but nothing special.  There are so many other nearby options that I would chose over this place.
The aesthetic is cute and cozy - definitely modern and trendy.  Our waiter had to warm up to us, he was cold at first but by the end I think he liked us.
I definitely didn't have a bad experience, but I also wasn't impressed and doubt I will be back.The manager Matt is very rude and dismissive.  Their free happy hour that they offer is a scam.  I was explaining an issue that I had with the check and the manager made a snarky comment and walked away from my table.  I refuse to dine at a place that does not practice good customer service to customers.  Additionally, their food is very bland and lacks flavor.Fantastic restaurant.  Food was amazing.  Drinks were even better.  Nice atmosphere and excellent service.  I don't understand why this place doesn't have more stars.  
I eat in NYC often and this matches up to any restaurant of the same price range there (actually the price range would be much higher in NYC).  If you are looking for reasonably priced, well-executed, creative (though not-too cutting edge) cuisine, this is a place to check out.  We will definitely be back.PROMOTION
This review is solely based on their latest promotion to win a free Happy Hour or Brunch. I signed in for a chance to win a free happy hour or free brunch and won. But what I actually won is the choice of 1 btle of champagne & 3 juices with a mandatory 4ppl buying a brunch plate or 4 drinks & some apps with a mandatory 9ppl.  I feel that it was a horribly misleading promotion!We were very underwhelmed by the atmosphere, food and level of service. The people were nice enough, but at $30+ for entrees, I expect to be impressed.
Service was slow, no suggestions or offer to explain the menu. The menu was not very creative.
We ordered one 8-wing appetizer, three entrees and a bottle of wine. The total was nearly $200. 
Save your time and money and try another spot.Just no. Service is so bad. 1 and 1/2 hour wait for our food. Once the food came out we tried to give it a chance, nope, even worst then the service.Had an excellent brunch on a Saturday at the James. We were seated right away and our server was super attentive. They also were very accommodating since we had a stroller with us. They had a great draft list (Bells Oktoberfest, etc.) and brunch selection, including some delicious sides (cracked pepper bacon, to name one). I definitely recommend and will be back!I contacted Matt via email to inquire about a space for a birthday party which was also a surprise wedding proposal. He was very attentive and accommodating.  The room in the back was intimate and warm and a perfect spot for a special occasion. The food we ordered was delicious and Justin took excellent care of us. I recommend JAMES highly and will be back when back in town.A great dining experience! The food was delicious, although the place was empty on a Saturday night @ 5:30. We ordered great tasting wings as apps, as well as some sweet potato hummus. Both delicious! Four different entrees were enjoyed and only one had leftovers to take home! Rounded off the evening with a great slice of chocolate cake! Didn't understand why the place was empty...our server explained it was more of a lunch place. Change the game...dinner is on!!Atmosphere and waiter were awesome. Our food not so much. The table starter bread was amazing! Make sure to get raisin marble bread, tastes like sweet cake. Brunch menu has a short selection. Shrimp and grits: Grits were made rich and creamy.  Shrimp were nice size but had no seasoning. We sent the French toast back. It was very eggy in the middle of the bread and the consistency was kind of watery and soggy, however the presentation was great. Make sure to get a side of chicken sausage, you get 2 very hearty sausages. 
Heard happy hour is good so we may go back for HH or dinner but probably wouldn't come back for brunch.Good drink menu. Our entree was yummy, butternut squash gnocchi. However, I ordered pierogis and my friend a side of broccoli rabe and they were both room temperature. We had waited awhile for our food, which I didn't mind as we were enjoying our drinks, but that ruined it for us.If you love yourself, you will go here and get the Mac and cheese. Penne pasta smothered in a creamy white cheesy sauce topped with bbq fritos. All things yes.
I cannot speak to anything else about this establishment other then the bartenders were friendly. 
Enjoy.We visited during restaurant week on a Friday night. We came in around 8:05 and left just after 9:45. We had food off the $35 preset three course menu. Points to our waiter for fixing the cocktail we didn't like. He did forget our order of fizzy water.
It just took a while for our food to come out. The gnocchi was luke warm at best. My salmon was hot but the cream sauce on the plate was cold. So it was a little weird. 
I'd like to give this place a shot again but not during restaurant week. Service was just too slow for our likesNope. I wouldn't do it. I'm not sure what would prompt one to dine here with all of the outstanding options in the city. (Well, actually, I guess I can.For me? Late in the week reservations for a Saturday night dinner. And it became clear to me why my reservation could so easily be made)The lack of attention to detail, the lackluster dining room, the slow and out of touch service as well as an "upscale" menu which will run around $25-35 for an entree that is so far off the scale of tasting like anything close to that price point, is all a recipe for a quick exit to another restaurant that will actually deliver all of what you might want from the Philadelphia food scene. Once I was seated and had my first glance at the large screen TVs that hung over the bar and the barely filled dining room during prime time on Saturday night and then began interacting with our inept server ( a request for water four times with empty water glasses already at our table) I knew that the safest option on the menu could only be the burger. That's what I ordered. It was tasty, however it was served with FOUR (I counted them) house made chips. We asked for more and were delivered a portion, however, the additional chips showed up on our bill (and to be honest, by this time in our disappointing experience we actually laughed when when we noticed we were charged extra for what should have been served on my plate in the first place). My dining partner ordered the crab cake which ended up costing somewhere around $35 and the portion was so small we ended up ordering snacks after our meal at another restaurant not far from James. Honestly, I can't imagine that this restaurant will be open for much longer. It would appear that the owners have very little connection to the love of serving beautiful food as well as training a staff to care for their dining customers. Stay away.Went for Sunday brunch - sat in the awkwardly-sized booths for two. The table was too high/too close and became increasingly more uncomfortable as our visit progressed. We shared the make-your-own mimosas, which were perfectly fine, given the very reasonable price. My friend ordered the The James Brunch Burger and loved it. I had the Fried Green Tomatoes, which were sliced far too thick and were lacking flavor. The Mixed Green Salad was basic - nothing special. I also ordered the Prosciutto & Melon plate, but it was unavailable. Service started great, but then our waitress disappeared. There was a game on, which is fine/to be expected, but there was a patron absolutely losing his mind, screaming and yelling at the TV and made mad enough to contemplate confronting him, because no one else did.