My wife and I along with close friends had a fantastic dinner on Valentines Day.  David Jansen visited each table bringing out a special appetizer.  The food was great, the atmosphere was fantastic.  Great to have a top chef in the Suburbs.Came here on a Saturday night with another couple. We were looking forward to great food and service based on past reviews. We thought the food was great - apps -bruschetta, beet salad and tomatoe soup. Our entrees- quail, filet, salmon and halibut were good as well. 
The issue was with service. My martini arrived without the requested olives. The amuse bouche, an avocado soup served in demitasse cups was great, but we had all finished it as the bus boy arrived delivering spoons to eat it with. Those plates remained on the table through our appetizers and entrees. 
I thought the food, including desserts, was fabulous, and will return. Hopefully service will be a bit  more attentive.Excellent menu, atmosphere and service.  We would recommend Jansen's to all in the Philadelphia area.Definitely one of the best fine dining restaurants in the Chestnut Hill/Northern suburbs. The food, service and ambience are top notch. The wine selection is a good balance of old and new world offerings at fair prices. We intend to return on many occasions.Fantastic. In all respects. The food, the atmosphere and the service. We enjoyed a charcuterie platter to start and then grilled lamb for me and sea bass for my wife. Both were creative and delicious. Many steps up for a restaurant in Mt Airy. We will be back.A close dear friend introduced me to the neighborhood of West Mt Airy almost 10 years ago.  This close knit, harmonious diverse community gives you the feeling of a city of brotherly love.  As you enter West Mt Airy on Germantown Ave. from Chestnut Hill, David Jansen provides a exemplary culinary gateway to this section of Philadelphia.
My first of what I plan to be many visits to Jansen was fabulously intoxicating.  The service, thank you Ken, couldn't be any better.  When your server explains in detail the preparation and composition of a dish with such delight and expertise, you know you are on the receiving end of a first rate dining experience.
The amuse bouche this evening was a cod and potato mix with tomato, the flavors bursting from this tiny toast held in your hand.
With our drinks we shared the fresh oysters, from Washington State, so melt in your mouth tender, so delicious, served chilled on a bed of seaweed with a homemade cocktail sauce and the smooth complimenting mignonette, mellow enough not to distract you from the taste of these gifts from the sea.
My very close dear friend and I split the appetizer of Gulf Shrimp with truffle ravioli, sweet peas and shellfish reduction.  My tongue was dancing in my mouth.  I was getting more and more amazed with each forkful.
For entree I chose the Grilled Norwegian Salmon with couscous, toasted chickpeas, cucumber salad, with smoked paprika and lime.  Outrageous.  The salmon was sushi grade, so grilled rare to medium rare was the perfect preparation.  This literally was the best piece of salmon I ever had in this city of ours and with the couscous and chickpeas this was an all around excellent dish.  My friend ordered the Tempura of Soft Shell Crab with spicy curried vegetable stew and coriander and coconut essence.  The combination of flavors of the curry and coconut are indescribable, not enough wonderful adjectives would do it justice.
Also, an excellent job on the atmosphere of the interior of this stone cottage. This is a top ten Philadelphia restaurant easily.  Congratulations.Incredible. I have been a few times, and had wildly different meals - but the quality remains impeccable. The fennel croquette from the summer menu was outstanding.
During the warmer months make sure to sit outside for the sunset view and the breeze.If you haven't tried Jansen, I encourage you to do so. Their food is delicious, and the environment is quite nice! The only funny thing about our visit was how often we were asked if we didn't enjoy our food. We nearly finished our bread, soups, and main entrees, so there wasn't too much left on our plates. It was just a lot of food! :)Succeeds what I expected from chef Jansen at his own restraunt  because of his level as chef at Four Sesasons. I plan to visit you no less than once weekly to get a BOWll of your fennel soup, lamb chops and peach cheesecake with coffee. I also tip my hat to Kevin, my server, made me aware of what was good and/or would fit wants as I questioned him about the menu listings----Harrison.I really enjoyed the evening at this new restaurant. It has all the makings of a top 100 restaurant in the city. 
First, do not be put off by the lack of a killer webpage at this time. 
The location is in Mt. Airy, which made it close to home and the free parking another bonus comparing to Center City locations. 
So the location is bright and slightly cramped, and a plethora of waiters. The service is outstanding from the moment you walk in the door. Our waiter when I asked where the bathroom was, walked me to it, opened the door and turned the light on. That is going above and beyond to me. 
The food is outstanding in every way possible.
The selection is limited so, if you find the menu online read it over and hopefully you find something you like.
The first star was a small amuse bouche of a date filled with cheese. It was creamy and delicious. 
I had the beef tartar. It was as it should be, slightly spicy and creamy. I loved the artistry of the dish when it came out, very well constructed. It came with a salad and a fried potato circle. 
The flavors all balanced each other out. Each part was good on it's own but together the course just met every expectation.
My wife ordered the beet salad was outstanding. She ate it quickly. It had a fried cheese circle in the middle. 
The main course was good as well. My wife ordered the Halibut and raved how tender and flaky it was. It had several variations on the plate including a dumpling.
I had the duet of pork and found it outstanding. It had pork loin that was tender like butter. It was cooked to perfection. The pork belly was completed with a slightly crunchy skin and salty meat that shredded easily. I enjoyed the sauerkraut spring role as well. Although, it could have been warmed more. It was not overly sour by itself and complemented each portion of meat when put together. I would love more sauce for the plate to be able to drench the pork with each bite. 
Dessert was outstanding as well. 
My wife just raved about her selection of Chocolate and Peanut butter variations. It came with three selections. A frozen bar, chocolate and peanut butter smore and chocolate cake. She adored the smore and said it was the best of the three. 
I had a Jansen float. It was well balanced. The chocolate croutons were the perfect fit. It added crunch to the ice cream and liquid concoction. The caramel panache was flavorful. The malt ice cream probably needed a little more malt flavor and the creme fraiche outstanding. 
Upon leaving for the night, we were rewarded with a chocolate cookie as a parting gift. It was heavenly good. 
I can also note that the head Chef came out to the dinning room once. He knew someone in our section. He did at least acknowledge we were in the room. I've been to other restaurants where that has not occurred. I understand he knew the couple and popped out to greet them. 
Overall, this place is outstanding and should only get better. As it is still only a month old, I expect any errors will be resolved. It is nice that a restaurant of this quality is not in Center City and is slightly more cost friendly because of it.Best dining experience of the year. We were seated out on the patio where we watched the sun set - it was like being transported to the countryside.  Food was spectacular: perfect oyster selection, fresh and seasoned tuna poke, heirloom tomatoes and green goddess salad did not disappoint. Our entrees were each excellent halibut, tuna and salmon. Even the vegetarian hot pot was expertly executed.  Can't wait to go back.We never made it there to eat! The phone encounter was a turn off. We had a res and called to add an additional person. While we were trying to decide between one of the two time slots offered,  the female phone hostess was abrupt and definitely not inviting. We looked over the wine list on their website. (We are dedicated to really good wine with fine dining). Generally the offerings are nothing special or even solidly good until the price is $90 and above. You may not bring your own wine; there is no corkage fee. I fear we may be missing out on delicious food, but given the lack of a warm welcome, that's okay.Jansen has provided excellent food and service during both of my recent visits.
My husband and I tried Jansen first over the Thanksgiving holiday weekend with my in-laws.  We all raved about our meals, cocktails and wine.  I think each person thought their meal was the best... until they tasted everyone elses... and realized everything was just superb!
There were two very generous small plates "from the chef" including some delicious tuna.
And somehow, the dessert holds its own as well (understatement).
This past weekend, two friends were visiting from NYC.  They've traveled all over the world, and were just busy complaining about how a couple of Michelin ranked restaurants were sub-par in the city. 
Thankfully, Jansen delivered once again.  The foie gras appetizes is something I will be going back for very soon.  The wine suggested by the waitstaff was delicious.  Everyone LOVED the meals:  signature crab cake with salmon mousse, duck confit leg (very generous portion), and chicken with fresh pasta and fried sweet breads (yum).  The cheesecake to finish was delish.
Will be back as soon as possible!Awesome!  We had been to this location before when it was Mexican - but you wouldn't recognize the inside now.  We were able to sit outside which is a covered patio.  Perfect on a nice evening.  
For starters we shared the lobster and then the mushroom and Gruyere bruschetta.  Lobster was good - 2 sauces accompany.  The bruschetta might have been my favorite dish of the night.  Fresh mushrooms, Gruyere cheese and topped with an egg.  
Wife had halibut and I went with the filet.  Portion size was just right.  My filet was spot on temp and perfectly seasoned.  My wife loved her halibut as well as the sides on the plate.
Desert - we went with a peanut butter something (can't remember name).  It was actually a trifecta of desert - 3 different deserts on one plate.  Delish.
I can see Jansen easily on the Philly top 50 list next year.Every bite is exquisite right down to the desserts. My table mate enjoyed his dessert so much he ordered a second!!! An incredible meal in the upstairs dining space. Will return and bring family and friends.The food, service, the atmosphere, the wines, the craft cocktails!
Jansen is a fine fine and friendly neighborhood restaurant.  The service is impeccable from the moment you walk in to the moment that you leave. The attention to detail on every level is outstanding. And yet, it is a friendly and non-intimidating restaurant. 
The staff is extraordinarily knowledgeable. They can offer recommendations in anyway if you simply ask.  This restaurant isn't simply a special occasion place, it's an all occasion anytime place.Loved all my selections: very fresh & crisp salad, soft shell crabs & the most delicious filet of beef w/the absolute tastiest smashed potatoes. Decadent to the max. I had to run many miles the next day. The service is friendly & on point. Can't wait to return. The space is so eloquent, gorgeous shades of gray & white.I had a lovely evening here. The food is delicious and beautiful. I had the lobster cocktail and the pork. The portions are good and everything is plated beautifully. We sat outside which is very nice. The staff was attentive but not overbearing.This is by far my favorite restaurant in or around Philadelphia. The menu is constantly changing but the staff is very knowledgeable and accommodating to all dietary restrictions/ needs. I can not wait to go back. Our server Eugene was extremely attentive and helpful pairing wines. Seriously don't wait, make a reservation today.Absolutely stunning experience! Had two other gentlemen with me for dinner, and we all determined that a steakhouse sounded like a fine option. Jansen had several great reviews so we set the gps and made our way to the restaurant. As we were greeted by the wait staff we realized that reservations were fairly standard in this establishment. Luckily, there were enough open seats at the bar to accommodate our party. The food was absolutely delectable! Steaks, lamb and short ribs with amazing accompaniments dazzled each of us. Everything cooked to perfection! Upon hearing that the three of us were raving, the talented chef came out from the kitchen and introduced himself. The personality of the bartender and other staff, the incredible flavors of the fare and fantastic location make for an amazing and stunning experience. Its the kind of place I'd take my in-laws without hesitation...We were disappointed in Jansen and didn't think it represents good value.  The space was very nice.  Noise level was pretty high--we had difficulty hearing each other, even though the dining room wasn't filled late on a Satuday night.  We had looked on the menu on-line, but fewer items were available at the restaurant, and most of them really didn't appeal to us.  We ordered an appetizer special with scallops that sounded yummy--but about 10 minutes later our server told us it was not longer available.  The substituted crab cocktail had high-quality crab, but was boring-.  The pork tenderloin was adequate but unexciting, and my choinoiserie halibut was downright flavorless--including the interesting sounding "forbidden rice."  I left a fair portion over, and the waiter asked whether I wanted to take home the leftovers.  When I told him "no", he just said, "but you liked it, right?" as he walked away.  The waiters got my husband and my main courses mixed so we each had the wrong cutlery....not a big deal, but when paying a decent amount we expect both high-quality tasty food AND excellent service.  On the plus side, all the staff were very nice, the Gimlet cocktails were wonderful, and the dessert of spongecake with lemongrass ice cream was the best part of the meal.  With so many good places to eat in the area, we won't be returning.Jansen is without a doubt, one of the best restaurants I've ever been to. The food is  exceptionally delicious ..: both visually and gastronomically. All of the people who work there are exceptional in every way.  There is no better service anywhere..,..
From the moment you walk in, to the moment you leave ... you feel as though you've been on a vacation of sorts. Thank you  David Jansen for bringing Jansen to our area.Each dish is more beautiful and tasty than the next!  There have been several restaurants in this location, but this beats them all by miles and miles. The decor is cool and soothing, the service is exceptional-friendly, knowledgeable, but not overbearing. And the food- outstanding. Artistic, delicious, fresh, and wonderful. An upscale dining experience in a cool and casual setting. Dining in the garden was lovely!!The pork was delicious and tender! Great service and the friendly staff. Be sure to save room for the Carmel tart with rosemary ice cream.Truly fantastic experience at Jansen! We went on Valentine's Day, so naturally my expectations were crowds and an impersonal experience. Luckily, I was totally blown away by both the food and service - both were impeccable, especially given the fact the restaurant was packed!  The menu had a great variety of dishes, and each were spectacular.  They had a special that sticks out in my mind - a burrata over roasted butternut squash with truffle honey and balsamic that I absolutely loved.  Another standout was the asian scented salmon on the menu - I'm not one to order salmon normally, however this was outstanding.  All in all, the waiter was terrific, food was all amazing, and we will be going back.  Oh, and the Manhattan menu was pretty cool as well.  My only comment is that the bar service was a little slow, probably because it looked like only one person was working, serving complicated drinks to a whole restaurant of people.  But all in all I can't wait to go back.  Its so great to have such a quality place in my neighborhood!Jansen is relatively new and we like to try new places. And after dining there on a crowded Saturday evening, I sincerely hope that Jansen stays put for a long time. The Germantown/Mt. Airy restaurant scene needed an infusion of life and Jansen delivers with pizzazz, panache and elegance. If all goes well, more good restaurants will follow their lead.
I was able to make a last minute reservation on Open Table, but I wouldn't suggest waiting until the last minute, especially on a weekend because they are sure to be full. It's street parking only and while that might be a small challenge on a weekend evening, for God's sakes, don't let that stop you from getting a great meal! The bar and waiting area is tight but the reservations and table turnover time were well managed.  While P and I were at the bar sipping a cocktail, David Jansen appeared and extended us a friendly greeting while answering my questions about the Australian grilled lamb chops.  Once we were seated in the dining room, we started off with shrimp cocktail and house made gravlax. Both appetizers were very fresh and nicely presented. I couldn't resist the lamb chops for my main course and although they were a bit underdone, they were delicious. P had grilled pompano with herbed flat pasta, mushrooms and root vegetables. This dish does not show up on their online menu but was on the restaurant copy. Our server had excellent knowledge of the entire menu and his wine suggestion complemented my meal like hand in glove. Dessert was the chocolate mousse cake. Light with lots of smooth chocolate flavor, I'd get it again.
Jansen has great ambiance and is small enough to feel cozy with space enough to relax. The acoustics are good and the noise level was never too much for casual conversation. They have a larger room upstairs for gatherings and parties. I highly recommend giving them a try while you can because it's going to tough to get a reservation as they get better and better.excellent food.  very loud.  suggest a low-key time to go.A Center City quality restaurant in Mt.Airy.  Sat at the bar.  Bartender Jeff was top notch.  Hostess Hannah had an adorable personality and was a perfect fit to welcome people.  Fantastic bourbon citrus tea cocktail.  Sweet pea soup, crab cocktail, beet salad, and halibut entree was sampled.  All top notch.  Best meal since Vernick.  Better than Talulahs Garden.  This new restaurant will make Phillys best next year.  When Craig LaBan shows up he will write a great review.  Thanks guys!Can't describe how excited I was to be able to have dinner here the other night as it prepares for a full opening. This will bring great things to Mt Airy.
While this was a special pre-opening meal and special menu prepared for us, each element of the evening was perfect.  Simon greeted us as we came and made sure everything was perfect. 
The setting is magical- walking into the dining room you can feel the calm- the perfect amount of soundproofing to make the room feel elegant.  The colors and materials are beautiful.  A lot of thought went into this.
We were able to enjoy cocktails on the outdoor patio and greet out party in the setting sun overlooking the herb garden and the fields next door.  Perfect start to the meal.
We were seated inside at a long table and the wine was poured.  Each of the six courses was paired with the perfect wine. And David came out to introduce each course.
We opened with Slow cooked Norwegian Salmon with Creme Fraiche and quail egg.
This was a delicious spring feeling dish.
The second course -Jumbo lump crabmeat nebulous with sweet pea soup and truffle essence was the perfect opening to spring.  This is the type of dish you think about for days.  It was perfect in so many ways.  Each element complemented the other and you just wanted more.
Next came a Roasted stuffed chicken leg with prosciutto, fava bean puree, spring ramps and game jus.  The ramps were such a treat- a unique spring item that had been lightly pickled- it added a perfect element to this dish.
Next was a beef filet with morel mushrooms and fiddlehead fern ragout.  The beef melts in your mouth, the mushrooms give it the perfect earthy balance and the fiddleheads are the ultimate harbinger of spring.
A Blood orange sorbet cleansed our palate as we awaited the Banana fruit tart from the pastry chef. It did not disappoint. What a prefect close to the meal.
I can't wait to see what else this fantastic restaurant can do.  Waiting to return soon.We walked over here from Mt. Airy and were fortunate to get seats for dinner at the bar.  The food was excellent.  Nice selection of wines by the glass, and a very nice bartender.  
We started off with a great pumpkin soup, an impressively displayed beet salad with goat cheese with beets done multiple ways on the same plate, and a delicious lobster cocktail.  We followed this with a steak filet and an appetizer portion of gnocchi with crab meat.  Everything was perfect.
The service itself was what you would expect for a high-end restaurant.  Dishes served at the right pace, and simultaneously for each of us by expert staff.  
All-in-all a perfect dinner.  My only regret is not seeing any trolleys on the tracks on Germantown Avenue. The cobblestone street with trolley tracks just oozes charm, along with being in this very old building housing the restaurant.  We will make this a destination on future trips to Philadelpha.Outstanding experience. Everything we ordered (and we ordered a lot) was expertly prepared, creative in its flavor combinations and textures (without being pretentious), and just darned delicious! Fresh oysters...can get anywhere, right? No. Not like this. Honestly the best I've had in a very long time. The pompano was ridiculously good. He changed my sister's mind about skate! And the desserts...flavors that I heard signing before I even put into my mouth. The chocolate caramel tart...what‽‽ O.M.G. Rounding out the perfect experience: the gentleman who took care of us provided the best recommendations and was super personable. To top it all off, Chef Jansen came out to greet us and - what a nice touch - to compliment us on our menu selections. Class act all the way. Can't wait to go back, again and again.Man oh man. This place is amazing. I love the atmosphere, decor and man it's nice having a bar by the front door ha. 
We went for dinner and left stuffed. I will say it's a little pricey but it's a good special occasion dinner. 
The staff knows the menu and can easily answer any questions. Please try this place and support them!!!The atrium is a very attractive room with view of outdoors. Menu is very creative. Foie gras was excellent. My husband's lamb was NOT good. They are stingy with their pours of wine - not wise for an expensive restaurant.Had the pleasure of eating here at a private party even, with a 7 course prepared menu.  Highlights for me were definitely the foie gras with truffles (2nd course I believe), a quenelle of turbot (3rd course), and strangely enough the filet.  Normally I'm not a filet person at all as it's, at least to me, not a very flavorful cut of steak.  But this was prepared perfectly and the meat was incredibly tender, and had a great flavor.  I definitely want to head back here and try a regular meal sometime soon. 
Also, parking was a breeze - don't let the thought of street parking in Mt. Airy scare you off.I haven't had such good food since a Paris visit last year.  The service was elegant, food spectacular and beautifully presented.  The atmosphere was lovely but got pretty noisy.  That is a deliberate decision by the restaurant and I don't like to shout but will not deter me from going again. 
In general, for 1 glass of wine, 1 soup, 2 entrees, 2 desserts we paid $92 w/ tax.  Added $20 for tip.  And we will do it again in a heart-beat.
I could go into details about the food we ate but I think everything is going to be wonderful, so just go!I realize writing one and only one review on Yelp makes people wonder if it's real. Well, trust me please. Jansen is truly a special place. 
Yes, I have known Chef for years. But that's because he's an amazing chef and person and our relationship is one that I value ALOT. Yes, I am busy and have alot of other things going on that take precedence over writing a review, good or bad, of a business. But, I will say that everyone is owed the opportunity to experience the art that is Jansen. 
From the moment you walk into the building the experience begins. The renovated historic building that somehow managed to maintain its identity as a piece of Philadelphia history is accommodating and welcoming. The bar, which is small and underwhelming in size, doesn't lack for a second in personality and class. The food is what you'd expect from a former Four Seasons Pioneer, yet surprising while dining on Germantown Avenue. 
Let's be honest here everyone, Chestnut Hill/ Mt Airy is an awesome awesome area. Complete with good restaurants that come and go.  Some last longer than others but to be honest none really have the ability to withstand the times for any other reason other than they're in Chestnut Hill/Mt. Airy. Jansen is and will be different. 
The staff will make you feel like family. The atmosphere will make you feel like you're sitting in high end restaurant in the city. The food will make you feel like you're paying three times for the meal. And the best part about it is that the experience will remind you why you chose to go out to dinner in the first place. And, these are the reasons why you venture out of your home and dine out. 
I wish you all have the opportunity to build a relationship with Chef Jansen and his talents like we have. I promise you'll feel compelled to write a very similar review like I have. And I assure you, nobody will judge you if it's your 1st or 100th Yelp review.Just tried Jansen, our newest neighborhood restaurant, for the first time.  They've done a nice job with the interior space of this old and charming building.  The food ranged from solid to excellent.  Beet salad was the highlight, and they had beets prepared in different ways, bringing a nice texture to the food.  The gravlax was good, if a little light on the actual gravlax.  Enjoyed the sweet potato pasta.  Delighted this place is in the neighborhood -- priced a bit high perhaps.  Beautifully presented food.Let me start by saying I am not one to usually write reviews... This is a first for me. What a fantastic meal! The decor and ambience of Jansen is so elegant, clean and just simply put lovely. The service was top-notch and the food was equally beautiful and delicious. Three of the four of us had ordered a shellfish appetizer -oysters,  shrimp,  lobster - we were blown away by the arrival of a beautiful seafood tower. "Complements of the chef" said the waiter. "He figured why not let them sample all of our shellfish". The entrées were all cooked to perfection And while I did not have a dessert everyone else's dish was licked clean. Another favorite of mine... Coffee was served in a French press :-) Wonderful meal, impeccable service, in a lovely atmosphere. Look forward to going back and enjoying the outside dining. Best of luck to David Jansen on his new adventureWe've been trying to go to Jansen pretty much since it opened, but could never get a reservation.  With an anniversary on the horizon, i planned the event and obtained a reservation over a month in advance.  It was definitely worth the effort!  From the chipper Jackie at the front door, to meeting Chef Jansen himself, to the actual meal everything is top notch.  Ms D had the flatbread first course and the salmon.  I shared the flatbread and it was really good, cheese, onions, bacon, arugula all mixed with balsamic on top of a tasty flatbread.  Ms D wanted her sushi grade salmon well cooked, but it was still delicious both for dinner and for her breakfast this morning.  I had the lobster cocktail with a remoulade and a sauce.  Very yummy with lemon and quite the presentation with a (clean) lobster head on the top.  Spiced nicely and over the top delicious.  My dinner was the pork tenderloin which was perfectly cooked to a tender flavor explosion.  It came with spatzele and tantalizing gravy.  For dessert we had a sponge cake drizzled with caramel and a cream cheese mousse.  Even though we were full by this point we had to finish it.  The coffee and tea were excellent both served in coffee press.  The service was impeccable, with help as soon as you looked in the direction of a waiter. Just truly a superb experience.  It wasn't cheap, but for a special event it was well worth the effort of getting a reservation.  We arrived early and there was parking out front, but I'm sure later on the street parking can be tight. But this is an elegant place that you'll be glad to have checked out. 
All that said they do need to fix the drip at the front door!Amazing food! Amazing people! Great hidden secret. Who makes Rosemary ice cream? They do and it's soooo good.Have been to Jansen several times but had a very disappointing meal last night. Salad was wilted and over dressed, obviously made in advance and served to us after sitting way too long. Their special for the evening was a Black Sea bass way overly salted. I'm still swollen from it this morning. Not running back!!!Great food & attentive service. What you'd expect. 
I had Bronzino grilled & braised with orzo in brown sauce & grilled asparagus. I also had excellent Foie Gras. My date had lobster soup  short ribs & a slice of flourless chocolate cake. Great dinnerBoth times we visited the menu and presentation was outstanding.The service impeccable.On our first visit a tasting menu was available,and the wine pairings and choice of wine was impressive.We noticed this was not available on our second visit on a Saturday,which may be why.....However on both occasions on leaving we were given one small shortbread biscuit wrapped .When a group has spent hundreds on a meal giving one cookie to the party on leaving is cheap and very unclassy..Please drop this,it is better not giving a cookie to a group of customers ,and cheapens the whole experience,it is more of a cheap diner actionWe have had the pleasure of having dinner several times at Jansen's and we have never been disappointed.  The service, food and atmosphere is exquisite.  It is apparent that the chef and staff care deeply and want to leave a lasting impression on their patrons.  Dinner at Jansen's is always a memorable experience!Fine cuisine from farm to table, impeccable service from the former executive chef at the Four Seasons as well as several former staff members from the Union League. Expertly executed yet simple, they really have outgunned most of their downtown counterparts (Townsend etc). I've had 3 really excellent meals here and strongly recommend this place. Beautiful space as well. Priced relatively reasonably too (the same thing downtown would be 20% more expensive IMO. A real gem in an area that is somewhat lacking in fine cuisine, check it out!One word: Wow!  We've been wanting to go for a while and finally got the opportunity last night.  Impeccable preparation in a gorgeous setting.  Took me back to great meals at Le Bec Fin, La Truffe  and, of course, The Four Seasons.  My pate appetizer was as good any I've had, either in the US or France and the Branzino that I had for my main course couldn't have been any better.  My wife was just as enthusiastic about her Quail Salad and pork tenderloin.
Our server was spot on with his wine pairings and took very good care of us the entire evening. (They appeared to be short some wait staff, but through good team work they kept the dining room humming)
Bottom line: Go to this fine restaurant and enjoy.  
PS: We've paid twice the price for "fine dining" experiences that were much less satisfying.  A real value.Such a delightful experience! Stupendous food, perfect service, great atmosphere. It's a special-occasion place, but we'll be back as often as we can.The food, service, the atmosphere, the wines, the craft cocktails!
Jansen is a fine fine and friendly neighborhood restaurant.  The service is impeccable from the moment you walk in to the moment that you leave. The attention to detail on every level is outstanding. And yet, it is a friendly and non-intimidating restaurant. 
The staff is extraordinarily knowledgeable. They can offer recommendations in anyway if you simply ask.  This restaurant isn't simply a special occasion place, it's an all occasion anytime place.The food was quite good (B+) though certainly not in line with the hype or my expectations. Main beef was with the waiter who relentlessly attempted to up-charge my party to the point where we questioned (after his third attempt) whether or not he might be competing with his colleagues to bring in the most dollars for the evening. Thoroughly off-putting for an aspirational dining establishment.Enjoyed everything. Just wish my halibut could have been hotter. So nice to see a place with this ambiance and quality in Mt. Airy. Oh, and the blood orange martini was delicious!Food, service and atmosphere are all top notch. If I could , I'd bestow a Michelin rating.Very rude. No interest in hospitality. Walked in, asked to be seated. Outside seating available, no bar seating available. 45 minutes before close. I asked to be seated and they turned me away. I was really excited about giving this new neighborhood haunt a try. Unfortunately, I felt so unwelcome that I'd feel embarrassed to return. Wow.Chef / owner Dave Jansen hit it out of the park with this restaurant. He is a masterful chef: the food is beautiful and delicious. My husband and I shared two appetizers: the Mushroom Gruyere Bruschetta and the Japanese Hamachi Crudo. Both were exceptional. The citrus accents on the Crudo were beautiful and so tasty. The chef also sent out a complimentary taste of the Tempura Softshell Crab - so special and unique. Our entrees were also delicious: we shared the Turbot (prepared with a lot of yummy Asian flair...the bok choy was the best I'd ever tasted) and the Steak (which was beautifully grilled and served with a savory, incredible root vegetable mash). The dining experience is enhanced further by the sleek, transporting decor of the restaurant and unhurried, expert service. The pastry chef is phenomenal: our chocolate caramel tart dessert was an absolute highlight of the meal. We were thrilled with our meal and we'll absolutely be back.Excellent food, service, and wine, in a very pleasant atmosphere. We sat in the enclosed porch with a nice view of greenery. They also have patio dining. We enjoyed halibut, ravioli, salads, and a dessert. All food was delicious and beautifully served. Wait staff was very amiable and efficient.Went for a celebratory dinner on a Saturday night. Really cute place in an old stone home.  My husband and I thought the cocktails left a little to be desired (we ordered an old fashioned and the Bee's Knees) but to be fair we often make these at home exactly to our tastes so maybe we're a little biased. The wine list was great, however! 
That being said, the food was amazing. Everything had great flavor and was perfectly cooked. Would highly recommend the crab and avocado toast and the red snapper. The waitstaff was great as well. They didn't hover but didn't ever leave us waiting for long. Will definitely be back!Excellent food in a beautiful setting!
Each dish was prepared with individual and decorative beauty - both in flavor and presentation. The staff is friendly and knowledgeable. My 
dorado was cooked to perfection and the portions are a nice size (not too bi, not too small). 
The only real complaints are the high price point in that neighborhood, and that the room where we were seated (just in front of the garden area) was much too crowded.I don't think I can stress enough how truly amazing this restaurant is! The service, unique food choices, presentation, taste, overall ambience, etc - you name it and this place has it covered! It is a little bit of a hike since it is located in Mount Airy which would be a little north of Philly and 45 min away from where I live in the suburbs, but I would make this drive again happily when I want to be guaranteed to have a nice meal! Online it says that this restaurant is a French / American restaurant. The wine list is extensive, and should cover all palates. As for food, I had the pork tenderloin and my husband had the crispy duck confit. The pork tenderloin was cooked perfectly and my husband's duck was delicious. I don't even care for duck, but I would have cleaned his plate if I ordered it! For an appetizer, we ordered the charcuterie which hands down was the best assortment of meats, cheeses, bread, nuts, fruit, and condiments I have ever had. Everything from the wine, appetizer, and entrees complimented each other so well - superb meal!!Incredibly rude service.  Was a big fan of the fountain but the staff at Jansen is just awful, and I won't be coming back.We love this place.  We sit at the bar - get there early-ish to get a seat - the bar has only 6 stools.
Menu changes often which is nice.
Bartenders have always been nice and friendly.
Sometimes, we go and just have the soup and appetizer.  It's all wonderfully presented.  
Beautiful restaurant.Amazing food and wines. The patio out back is just beautiful. We had a large group and the service was phenomenal. Everyone raved about the beautiful setting and the food. A perfect choice for a great meal!What a wonderful meal. My wife had the chicken. It was perfectly cooked, and the sauce was a marvelous reduction. She said it was the best chicken she has ever had. I had the Halibut. Perfectly cooked. Light and creamy. Could not have asked for better. And the appetizers and deserts perfectly complimented the meal. Friendly and very attentive staff. Service was perfectly timed, didn't have to wait too long, nor did we feel like we were being rushed. This restaurant is a gem.Fancy pants dining. They did a nice job with this place! I really loved everything except my main dish- the branzino was just aright. The spotlight was on the veal bruschetta - not your typical bruschetta - it was creamy, flavorful, and fantastic with the grilled toast. Also, the raw fish appetizer pate was delicious and fun to shareGreat fresh breakfast.  Eggs fresh.  Get a fresh OJ in rear of store.  Fun place for breakfast.  Wish they did not deep fry their home fries. Oh well. A breakfast fun snd good place.My husband and I finally had a chance to try Jansen last night, and it exceeded our expectations! Everything we ordered was delicious- I had the white bean soup and the short rib entree and I was very happy with both. Good size portions. The service was phenomenal- there was always a staff member close by if you need something. The restaurant itself had a great ambiance - very charming. We will be back.My daughter and I enjoyed a truly lovely evening at Jansen last week, and it absolutely lives up to all the fabulous reviews. Chef David Jansen has created an outstanding restaurant that hits every note perfectly. 
We ate in the outdoor garden, a covered patio that makes you wonder if you've been transported to the French countryside, rather than just off Germantown Avenue. The staff was attentive and friendly, but not obsequious, and we never felt hurried. The wine pours were generous and the Jansen cocktail (infused with mint and cucumbers) was light, refreshing, and ideal for a summer's evening. 
Chef David came out multiple times to say hello to his guests, which extended the welcoming atmosphere that began as soon as we stepped inside.
Each table began with a complimentary mushroom consomme amuse-bouche- flavorful, fun, and served in a teacup. My daughter's beef filet entree was cooked perfectly, but it was the potatoes that nearly stole the show- buttery, garlicky, and simply delicious. My own grilled salmon was outstanding, with a crispy top and a soft interior, and seasoning light enough to let the true flavor of the fish shine through. The portions, like the pours, are generous.
It was a challenge of the most pleasant variety to select our dessert. The chocolate caramel tart was as delicious as the name implies and ample enough to be shared.
As if this all was not enough, we each received a tasty parting gift in form of a sweet pastry. We would highly recommend, and will certainly be coming back!Jansen always have very good service and good food, my wife had the pork chop and it was cooked perfectly, my son had the branzino and it was cooked perfectly, and I had their special for the night, mahi mahi and scallop and it was perfectly cooked.  Good thing is the manual is always different meaning you can try different thing every time when you eat there.  I would definitely eat there again.We there last night for a party.
Outstanding service 
Outstanding food
Very nice environment 
Cozy 
If you are dying to try this place.  Please do so, you will not regret!  
Really a great place to eat or party!Jansen succeeds on every level, and your otherwise verbose author is almost at a loss of words.  Outstanding?  Phenomenal? Supercalifrajalisticexpealidocious?  Nope, pretty much every word in the English language falls short.
Diners will be treated to creative and delicious fare, attentive service, and on a nice summer evening an outdoor dining venue that offers a wonderful view of sunset.  We enjoyed what was the best ceviche appetizer we'd ever had, as well as a delicious seared rare tuna with pasta stuffed with crabmeat.  The entrees were equally compelling, with my filet in a brown wine sauce and a soft shell crab presentation that made everyone else seem like amateurs.  My citrus merengue pound cake was artfully prepared by their pastry chef.
With great quality comes price, so be prepared to pay north of $70 per person if you enjoy wine.  However, given the quality of the food, the money is happily spent.  On-street parking is immediate and plentiful.
Jansen has now moved to the top of my list for greater Philadelphia dining, both city and burbs.  Make reservations now because you probably won't be able to get in later.  By all means take that special someone here and book an outdoor table around sunset.  You will surely close the deal.A wonderful restaurant from start to finish. The place is an old house elegantly updated inside. There is an outside area too. The wait staff was unbelievably attentive and thoroughly professional. We were a party of six and when the entrees came out they had extra servers serve us so everything was presented all at once. The owner even came out to say hello. 
I haven't even mentioned the food yet. Easily 5 stars, everything was delicious. I had a spring salad special and it was so fresh and subtly flavored. My entree was a favorite of mine, shrimp and grits and it was flavorful and delicious. The chocolate cake for dessert was a beautiful way to end the meal. I LOVEd it!We just had a fantastic meal there. They have completely renovated the space with soothing colors and elegant lighting. The staff was extremely professional. The meal was extraordinary. My husband said it was the best salmon he has ever had. I had crab cakes and they were delicious. We will be back many times!Amazing service!! We were here for happy hour and got to meet the owner and he couldn't be friendlier!  The outdoor area and inside is so cute, and the food is some of the best I've had in awhile! Came here for my birthday and they sent sorbet with a "happy birthday" on the house! Can't wait to come back again!The food and service here is exceptional. 
Had the Braised Asian Style Short Rib of Beef and it was awesome, great mix of tender beef, slightly sweet flavor and crunchy tempura of maitaki mushrooms. 
Also had the Love cake which had a delectably rich chocolate flavor. We wanted the entire cake. Also had one of the in house made sorbets which was exceptional as well. 
Orange martini was one of the better made drinks I have had, great mix of flavor and the amount of liquor. 
Service was on point, attentive and we were never waiting around wondering where the server had gone or when the next dish was coming out. Check was delivered and run quickly. 
Couldn't have asked for any more, we will definitely be back.This place was great.  The staff was friendly and attentive, and they were all clearly very proud of the restaurant and personally invested in its success.  The restaurant itself was beautifully decorated, modern and clean, and a great melding of old and new.  The food was amazing; nothing too complicated or fussy, just extremely well done and elegant.  I tried the salmon which was out of this world.  The desserts were also delicious.  The strawberry shortcake was so good--fresh, not too sweet, and with a great combination of textures you'd never get from traditional versions.  (Just a warning, if you order the peanut butter bar, you are actually getting three desserts on your plate and may feel obligated to share, but who are you kidding--just eat it all and enjoy!)  My one hope is that they add a vegetarian entree to the menu as time goes on . . . the mushroom tart/galette(?) that came with the crab cake was so good and substantial that it could have stood alone in a separate entree!  Either way, I can't wait to go back!An amazing restaurant which is truly haute-cuisine.  I felt like I was dining at a really good French restaurant. Because it was Thanksgiving, the chef generously sent a complimentary shrimp cocktail to my table.  I had the branzini and a glass of very delicious Italian white wine (actually two glasses) that was suggested would pair well with the fish.  Every detail of the meal was wonderful, from the food, to the warm and friendly and attentive service to the ambiance.  I look forward to returning for another special occasion.Never had the pleasure of dining here as when I called three times , and was put on hold and forgotten after holding five minutes each time, I gave up. Guess business must be good.So happy to have this gem in the neighborhood. Met the chef after dinner. Day #3 of the restaurant's life.We really enjoyed the meal and atmosphere.The service was excellent...I had the red snapper which was honestly the best red snapper dish I have ever had.The prefixed menu with wine pairings was very good,the knowledge of wine and advice impressive.We would go there again rather than drive into Center city which we usually doYou will enjoy Jansen!
We ate here on Nov 23, 2019.  Wow!  I am so bummed we haven't been here sooner.  This is a hidden gem: the food, the service and the ambiance are wonderful.  
The service timing and execution was flawless.  The flavors of my meal were complex and delicious.  
The ambiance and décor really add to the experience as we dined in an old cottage established in 1700.  The recently renovated interior is cozy and the local art hanging on the wall really compliments the charm to Jansen.  I wish I could have taken more photos for this review, but I think there is plenty on Yelp already.  The weather didn't lend itself to eating outside but I was happy to see they have outdoor dining as an option.  
We will be back!I'm giving it two stars because, though the food was lovely, it was a bad experience on multiple levels. It included roughly 30 seconds that were unlike anything I've ever endured during any meal. 
1. We ate on a Saturday. The place looks fantastic inside. Contrast of old and new. Clean design. 
2. Hostess was nice, told us she'd be right back before seating another couple. One of the mixologists greeted while we waited. 
3. Person who then sat us messed up twice. First he seated us inside on my request (date was in bathroom, and we hadn't seen the lovely outside), but when my date saw the aforementioned loveliness of the aforementioned outside, we asked to sit there. The person who seated us informed her that I had requested to sit inside, but not in a "whoops we all make mistakes who's hungry let's be friends here comes your waiter" kind of way, and more like a "he's an idiot and so are you for being with him" kind of way. Strike 1. He then proceeded to seat us at a westerly table that received the full brunt of the setting sun, the only table exposed to the elements on the patio. Strike 2. We again asked to move and our third table, dear reader, was also underwhelming. Just kidding it was great. More strikes to follow, but I stop counting 
4. It tries to be fine dining, with an amuse  bouche (that was more than a bite, though deliciously so--curried cauliflower soup) and a little desert to go in a see through bag like jewelry. Tasty. But the rest of the experience fell far short of fine dining. 
5. We were not told about any specials. I realized this when the couple that took our place in the sun received scallops. I could see the lovely sear from my perch. Would have ordered them had I known. 
6. west coast oysters and pea soup were delicious. Pea soup really tasted like peas. A hint of truffle, just a hint. Oysters fresh. 
7. the couple that arrived just before us sent their dish back. Beet salad with goat cheese. She was pregnant, not sure if that had anything to do with anything, but shortly thereafter...
8. what I believe is a walk-in cooler/fridge is attached to the kitchen and is adjacent to the patio. After the other couple returned their salad (timing wise, at least) someone starts screaming and cursing and many loud bangs are heard. At first I thought it was multiple people engaged in an altercation at a bus stop on Germantown avenue or some such. But it was one person, and they were in the walk-in. F bombs. Something being slammed repeatedly against a surface. Everyone seated outdoors heard this, as did three waiters and the person who sat us. He later apologized to a couple seated next to us who were pairing glasses of wine with each course (we didn't get any such apology, sweet tea with knob was good though). Another couple asked their waiter what happened and he mentioned a "freak out." I asked one of the young men who bring the food--who had not been outside at the time of the freak out--if people inside had heard, and he seemed genuinely clueless but handled it very professionally and apologized and said it shouldn't happen and he'd let someone know. 
9. our beet and goat cheese salad arrived and was yummy. 
10. hamachi was yummy. I think that's what it was called. I hardly got a bite. The long bread stick-like thing was much better than any breadstick I've ever had, and I've been to little ceasers and Olive Garden before. 
11. they were out of Sapporo big cans. Beer distributor across the street, yo. I wanted it to go with my Asianish halibut
12. halibut was very meaty and nice, perfectly cooked. Not enough salt though, and I am one who does not like much salt on things because I have high blood pressure. So it was good but bland. 
All in all, I probably didn't quite manage to convey just how bizarre the freak out in the walk-in was to experience. It certainly was like nothing else ive been through, and such sounds might only be excused at one of those places where people joust while you eat meat from bones and drink mead from a goblet. It made things uneasy on the patio. The service staff seemed less than happy to be there more generally, with only the self-professed Rastafarian and the man who brought the amazing everything-bagel-esque rolls (can't believe I'm only mentioning these now) seemingly cheerful in their work. And the two young men who brought be main courses were capable and happy as well. Our waiter managed a few smiles and a laugh or two at my jokes, which I always appreciate. It was tense before the F-bombs and loud smacking noises, and those didn't help. 
Maybe chalk it up to having only been open for 6 weeks and having $$$ ground to make up after expansive and exquisite renovations... But, the service needs work and someone (or multiple people) need anger and stress management if this is going to last.  Im sure the rave reviews are well deserved but that should have been a wake up call. If not, maybe this review will be. Memorable food, but also for the wrong reasonsWe just returned from dinner at Jansen and it was superb. From the excellent service to the gourmet entrees (the Salmon and the Turbo)  and desert (Peach with cream sauce). We loved every minute of it. JUST GREAT ! Thank you to the chef David Jansen, our waiter Ken, and Kevin who mixed our cocktails !!!  We'll be back soon.