Delicious food, wonderful staff and owner and lots of vegan and gluten free options.  Everyone was so kind to our 6 year old and the food was just amazing!!!
We had a wonderful lunch and can't wait to come back!  Thank you so much!!I believe the following words, "This tastes like propane" came out of my mouth. If it weren't for the fact that I was starving at that time, I wouldn't have eaten the Chicken Pad Thai-featuring three small chunks of chicken. 
The place was empty-first red flag-yet they seemed to have trouble finding us a table. And even then, it wasn't set. During our meal, one waiter or another kept bringing us other people's food. It felt like something out of a comedy sketch. And the punch line was after we finished our food, empty plates in front of us, our waitress comes by with another entree and says "Did you order the Massam Curry?"  We looked at our empty plates, looked at her, then back to our empty plates until she realized we were finished with our meals already. THERE WERE ONLY FOUR TABLES OCCUPIED INTHE ENTIRE RESTAURANT!
I only give it the extra star for the entertainment factor. Otherwise, this place is clueless!
PS
A party of 5 arrived with reservations and abruptly left soon after being seated. Maybe they too got fed up with the staff searching for their table amongst the sea of empty ones.Ordered chicken pad thai and beef fried rice. Both very good. Pad thai uses a sweeter sauce than other pad thais and the beef was a tad dry but overall really good.VERY fast and friendly service, excellent Pad Thai and other dishes. Also, they were accommodating to requests for our kids.Good food soups excellent service 
Would recommend highly 
Near theater Arden other things to doThis place was an unexpected surprise. Most of the nearby restaurants were overcrowded so we chose this place for brunch. The curry shrimp and chicken was cooked perfectly. The crispy duck was excellent.
Because the place isn't overrun with customers we received personal service. A good break away place!Ordered something 'wok seared' from the menu and it came out breaded and fried and substituted rice noodles (which were not listed as an up charge on the dine-in menu) and was charged an extra $4.
My food took 5 more minutes than the person I was with. Food was okay but was not worth the cost or wait and stumbled on a piece of hard plastic in my dish. 
Have been to the 16th street location and thought it was great but did not enjoy my meal here.Jasmine rice is a welcome addition to my Old City neighborhood, adding Thai food as an option. My dinner there started out with the crispy spring rolls. They were definitely crispy, and a good start to my dinner. For dinner I ordered The King & I (Jumbo shrimp & chicken sautéed  in Prik Khing Coconut Curry Paste  with fresh string beans and bell peppers). It came with Jasmine rice. I would have preferred more shrimp and less vegetables, but it was still a very good meal.
My dinner companion ordered the Thai Fisherman's Delight ( Sautéed jumbo shrimp,  calamari and mussels in a tangy lemongrass sauce served over angel hair rice pasta). Thankfully I was able to try it. Both the look and taste of this dish is outstanding! The portion is so large that two people could share it. When the chef stopped by the table we couldn't help but rave about it. 
The restaurant oddly places the bar in the center and was mostly empty when I went while the surrounding restaurants were packed. Hopefully more people will start to give Jasmine Rice a try.Came here for a birthday dinner and put in orders for apps and dinner relatively soon! The servers kept coming out to us to tell us that they were working on our order but we didn't get anything for at least two hours. People who came in afterwards were getting served first. Eventually the owner came out and told us that he only had one cook today and that our group was so large that he struggling to get everything out on table. He said whatever we had gotten was on the house 3 hours later. Two stars for his kindness! Just wished they had told us earlier that they wouldn't be able to get things done on timeWe were served inedible, rubbery chicken and returned the dish.  The owner refused to take it off the bill.  Apparently, they can serve you poor quality food and expect you to pay for it no matter what it tastes like.  Stay away!This place was an unexpected surprise. Most of the nearby restaurants were overcrowded so we chose this place for brunch. The curry shrimp and chicken was cooked perfectly. The crispy duck was excellent.
We recently came back for lunch. The wings are super hot and great. 
Because the place isn't overrun with customers we received personal service. A good break away place! This place is still a great find and the the staff is very accommodating.
If you're frustrated waiting in line at Continental go here!!Such a perfect addition to old city! Fresh, better for you Thai cuisine. Absolutely delicious. Make sure you enjoy spice, or request to have no spice added because they are not kidding when they say spicy. I highly recommend the curry and rice dishes. I plan to come back often.Very good Thai food. Green papaya salad, pad Thai, and masaman curry were all first-rate. The design and feel of the place were also very good. Understated, zen-like, South Asian colonial decor with a contemporary cool factor. Service was friendly and efficient.Was excited to get a good Thai place so close to my apartment. Sadly I won't be back.
I ordered Pad Kee Mao and Red Curry. Flavors were lacking in both dishes and there was barely any broth in the Red Curry.
Additionally, when I picked up my order the bill was 25% higher than the prices on their website. I asked the owner about this and he said that they were incorrect on the website. He did not offer to honor the prices advertised. I hope he also realizes that his pricing strategy will not succeed in this area especially when they are 25% higher than his competitors who have better tasting food.The food was tasteless. And the spice amount is off. I ordered medium and it's pretty hot. Xiandu, while not amazing, is better than this place.We had a great experience taking a chance here. This owners of this mom and pop restaurant genuinely care if you have a good meal. A little pricey for Thai food compared to other cities, but seems consistent with this part of Phili (with fairly high prices at other places for even average bar food). Jasmine Rice was far above the bar food you'll get at other places in this part of town. The Pad Thai with shrimp had plenty of decent sized shrimp and lots of delicious noodles with great sauce. My dinner companions also said their entrees were great. Attentive service (though it was a Wednesday night and the restaurant was fairly empty). Owner said that it's very busy on weekends with tourists, but if your looking for a good meal mid-week, you should give Jasmine Rice a try.The pad kee Mao and phaneng curry with chicken are both excellent- lots of fresh carrots and green beans, and and savory and flavorful sauce. The portions are also good sized leaving lots of yumminess for the next day. The owner was also very gracious. A great new addition to Old City.The industrious and very engaging owner was out front passing out menus.
 Decor is beautiful & very roomy.
Food is great and prepared quickly and very fresh with  big selection
Waitress is hard working,friendly and just so nice.
A very nice experience all around will return and recommend.Just ordered from here, pad Thai was absolutely flavorless , the dish itself was dry and one big piece stuck together. How do you mess up pad Thai that badWorst "Thai" food I've ever had. Bland, flavorless, just really gross overall. Tastes like someone took it out of the garbage. Probably the worst meal I've had in years. We ordered 4 different dishes, it was like chewing rubber.I really enjoyed Jasmine Rice. The place is new and we sat in an empty restaurant. The food took awhile to come out, but it was worth the wait. We had chicken lemongrass soup which had great flavor. We also split the drunken Thai fisherman, which was a shellfish drunken noodle dish. So Good!Worst drunken noodles I have ever had. It was also delivered 3 hours past placing the order and when we tried to cancel after 2 hours they said they couldn't cancel it because they already made it. The food came an hour after that, cold and bland.My friend and I came her recently after hearing glowing reviews from a coworker. We split a fantastic meal, that was also super affordable. We got the chicken satay which came with a flavorful curry peanut sauce. For our main meal we got the Drunken Thai Fisherman. I honestly have dreams about the sauce in this dish. My friend and I were fighting over the last drips of sauce in the dish. The service was also prompt and friendly, with the owner coming to our table and asking us how the meal was.Service and atmosphere are unmatched. Unfortunately the table I ate at was terribly wobbly, for which the server apologized. The food was very good. We had the pork dumplings for an appetizer, which were good. For dinner we had the crispy duck, which was not on the menu , but is served at the other location. It was excellent. I would recommend that dish and this restaurant. The portions were rather large, take that as you will.I absolutely enjoy the food here. The ambiance is nice & the decor has rich wood tones & hues. The staff was warm & inviting. 
First the meal started out with the crispy spring rolls. The spring rolls were served hot & were bursting with flavor. They were accompanied with a good dipping sauce. For my entree I had the Drunken Thai fisherman. This dish is heavenly! Just imagine: mussels, jumbo shrimp, and calamari atop of yellow
 noodles with a tangy, spicy, and sweet curry coconut sauce with red onions & crispy egg noodles. The portion size is huge & enough for two people. If you come alone, don't fret, this dish makes an awesome leftover meal as well. 
The only problem I had was the limited dessert menu. If you love Thai food & want your pallet to be excited, tantalize, and awakened, you must try this place!Walking to a cheese steak restaurant, noticed the menu, and I was enticed.
Food is very good, good texture tofu,
garlic sauce enough for a little kick, but
not over bearing. 
A taste bud treat.
Owner is friendly and solicitous.
Restaurant is good for a long leisurely dinner, as well as a quick bite.Not so good. We had the lemongrass soup with chicken for an appetizer. It was just ok. Chicken was dry and had a strange flavor. The broth itself was tasty with a decent kick. I was satisfied; my wife did not like it at all. 
Red curry with chicken for the main course. First problem is that it came with a minuscule amount of rice. Would need about 4 times more to be sufficient. More importantly, however, the curry was bland and tasteless, despite being listed as hot on the menu! 
Despite being surrounded by mostly empty tables, the waitress never came by to check on us until we flagged her for the check.  
For the prices here, you expect better. 
There's a reason not many people were there-even on First Friday. Get your Thai fix away from the pub and bar scene in the Old City.I usually order Thai from a place at 2nd & South which seems to have closed, so I walked around the corner to Jasmine Rice last night.  I'd like to have a good Thai place in Old City, and I'd like them to succeed, but I have been disappointed by the food more than once.
Last night I got spring rolls and red curry with chicken, which is one of my favorite dishes when it's done right.
The spring rolls were in the fryer too long (they were beyond crispy, heading into "almost burned" territory) and were VERY greasy.  I had to roll them in my napkin, which was soaked in oil when I was done.
I asked for the curry "Thai hot" but requested that they go easy on the bamboo shoots as I have had the dish here before and it seemed to be mostly bamboo. The bill at the end said "lite bamboo" so I know they heard me, but the amount was still overwhelming.  I found the curry sauce thin and watery and there was barely any heat - certainly not "thai hot."  It was a disappointment.  Spring rolls (4) + Red Curry chicken + 2 beers = $41.00
Overall, it was edible, but nowhere near what I'd hoped for.Highly recommend this place. We received exceptional service from our server. He was extremely knowledgeable about the menu, offering recommendations based on our preferences and he was happy to accommodate for our requests. The food came out quickly and was delicious.Plenty of better restaurants in the neighborhood. They're only open for lunch in this location. I tried the rittenhouse location and was also very underwhelmed. The atmosphere of the restaurant is very elegant. It's a shame the food does not match the interior.
I tried the chicken pad thai and it was okay. Nothing compared to some gems in chinatown. The chicken skin was too tough and it was hard to chew it all the way through. The meat was surprisingly tender.I just got back from here. Absolutely awful. I called ahead for a party of 8 for lunch on a Friday, and they said no problem. We got there, sat down immediately and got waters, and then it was A HALF HOUR before the server took our drink/food orders. After another 25 minutes, I just asked for our food to go when it came out because it was taking so long. It still took her another 20 minutes to get our checks out to us. Our server was the only front-of-house person working, so I understand that this was a lot, but we were one of only 3 tables. Not acceptable at all, and I'm so frustrated right now. When we asked for the check before we got our food, she didn't apologize for the horrifically slow service at all, but just said to us "I'm sorry you were in a rush." Expecting to eat lunch and be done within an hour in a non-crowded restaurant is not a rush!! Never again.Came here for my mom's birthday dinner because she loves Thai food but was not impressed. First, the ambiance was not inviting at all. The hard wooden chairs at widely spaced tables with bright lights and no music was not the intimate environment you think of at most Thai restaurants. I was expecting a nicer atmosphere considering its location in old city. The food was good, but the service was extremely slow. We got the spring rolls, lettuce wraps, and lemongrass soup for appetizers. The soup was the best. Got a variety of curries and the Pad Thai for entrees all of which were good but I've had better in the city. By the time the food came out, it was barely warm which is also why I didn't enjoy it as much because I like my Thai curries steaming hot. This location is also not BYOB, but the Rittenhouse one is. Probably will not be back here, but willing to give the Rittenhouse location a try. Xiandu, a short walk away, is still my favorite Thai place in the city.Excellent recommendation from the tour bus driver. The place is a bit slow on service. But, I think because they were making fresh to order. So, I do not mind at all. It's well worth a little wait. 
Good menu. Delicious food. Nice staff. Recommend!Newly renovated place for a somewhat quite lunch. Music selection was good but the television was on a kids' show (no kids around) and just as loud as music. The food was excellent and the prices fit well. Food portions were filling and well worth the price we paid. All and all a very nice place that we will go to again.The food was delicious and the owner and staff were very friendly, helpful and they provided excellent service.Excellent food and service! The menu offers many gluten free options, which is one of the reasons we chose to try this place. We're so happy we did! The restaurant was quiet for a Friday night with a welcoming ambiance. There was one waiter working, but the service was great. We ordered the chicken satay, lettuce wraps, pad Thai, and a few sides. All were gluten free and delicious. The chef even came to our table to ask how we would like the sides prepared. Will definitely be back!The pad Thai was amazing! But the real star of this meal; crispy duck fried rice. Holy crap, it was amazing. Don't forget Thai iced tea either. Fast service, good price, and great duck.I bring my children and husband all of the time for Thai food.  Delicious Thai food with quality ingredients and excellent service.
The lemongrass is delicious.  
The green curry is flavorful.
Our daughter loves the Pad Thai.Food was tasty and service was good, but the portion was not worth $18. Too small. I took the shrimp basil fried rice.We visited here for dinner during restaurant week, it was an enjoyable experience. We went on a Tuesday night, other than another couple we pretty much had the placw to ourselves. 
The service was excellent,  very attentive without being smothering. The food was delicuous, nice portions. Everything tasted very fresh and was well seasoned without being to spicy which was a concern of mines. 
I would definitely visit here again, restaraunt week or not.I was excited about trying out this place in old city and had high expectations for it. Unfortunately it didn't meet them as it was one of the most needlessly pricey Thai cuisine restaurants I've been to and my Pad See Ew tasted burnt.If you haven't tried Jasmin Rice you're missing out. Authentic Thai food that is delicious. Had the lettuce wraps you start... Always a hit... Followed by the King & I and the yellow curry with shrimp. Yummy!So glad they opened a second location. The food is delicious. This is our go-to place for Thai. Give them a try.Ordered based on my friends recommendation.  Food was bland for the most part- pad ew and masaman curry.  The spicy alley was gold minus the overload of peppers.Just tried this place for the first time and it was so yummy! Food was decently priced and service was great. If you like Thai food, I would recommendBest Thai in Philly.  Lemongrass soup is elegant, with fresh veggies that are crisp and flavorful. The soup spices swirl deliciously on your tongue.
I had the Pad Thai for my main course. Delicate handmade noodles were cooked to perfection, and everything was seasoned perfectly.The food here is decent. However, the business is.. I don't know. They are constantly closed during their regular business hours which is annoying because I work in the area and their food is the best compared to others in the area. I just hate the inconsistency. Very bad for business. But the food is awesome. The owner is very nice.Awesome food and service! Love love this place. Owners are so very welcoming to their guests.  
                         Danny & LynnRude and condescending!! Was asked, "what would you like to drink?" I answered, "may I have water or sparkling water?" Was yelled at with a NO!! Will never return!!! Too disgusted with lack of customer service.The man who greeted us upon entering was very nice and since they only had one other guest there, he let us pick wherever we wanted to sit. 
The food was extremely subpar. We started with the calamari that was supposed to come with their in-house sriracha blend sauce. Extremely disappointed to have calamari that wasn't completely fried with tartar sauce that literally had a squirt of sriracha on the top. There was absolutely no flavor to the appetizer. 
I ordered the ginger and garlic Stirfry with vegetables and tofu. My significant other ordered green curry. We both got everything Thai spicy. As his meal came out, I was told that they did not have any tofu. The waitress just looked at me and waited for me to react but didn't offer any sort of options. I told her I suppose I would just have more vegetables and she just raised her eyebrows and walked away. I really wish that this would have been brought to our attention a lot sooner so that my boyfriend didn't have his meal cold by the time mine came out. Eventually she delivered my meal and walked away without asking anything else. Had they been busy, I would have understood but there was only one other table present, so I was disappointed with her lack of service. 
The green curry lacked any sort of flavor and the chicken was incredibly chewy and tasted as though it was re-frozen and then quickly heated up. The rice was soggy for both dishes. The vegetables were spicy, but there wasn't any ginger or garlic flavor. Honestly, at that point we just wanted to get out of there. All of the food was poorly prepped and the service was practically absent. A dish is about $15 and extremely overpriced for what you're getting. I would not recommend this to friends and will not be returning.Did not actually eat there, but the owner/manager was very rude to us while we ate next door. We were seated outside, and while they did not have any outdoor seats or patrons, they kept wanting to control us. My son stood in front of their restaurant for a couple of minutes to talk to me, and the owner asked him to get off her property. He wasn't even bothering anyone and he's a child! It's was over the top rude and now I'm guaranteed never to eat there.Food is always great but the customer service and portions of the old city location are pretty bad. I go to the other location often, go there. Won't be back here.The food was excellent and the service was amazing. We came in on the late side of a Monday evening but were treated extremely well. I really can not stress how great the food was! I highly recommend this place.My fiancé and I walk into a completely empty restaurant. There were no customers or workers present so we waited for someone to hear us speaking to one another. After a few minutes, our "hello?" gets louder as it echo's through the restaurant. Someone finally walks out and greets us, no apology necessary but could have been said for making us wait. 
The chicken Pad Thai wasn't the best we've ever had. It was better after the lime was added along with some hot sauce - but we like spicy.
The spring rolls were really good and the dipping sauce was a nice added flavor. 
3 stars because we probably wouldn't go back.Never in my life have I ever felt more horrible about leaving a poor review. If we were going to talk about service, Jasmine Rice would be five stars. The man that served my husband and I was exceptionally knowledgeable about the menu, and was beyond friendly. He really made us feel right at home. Unfortunately, everything went downhill when the food started to come out.
Firstly, I love Tom Yum soup. I feel like you can get an idea of what a restaurant is like by trying their signature soups. I don't want to eat at a Japanese restaurant that has crappy Miso soup, and likewise I don't want to really eat at Thai place that can't make decent Tom Yum. Alas, our orders were already in by the time the soup was delivered, and let me just say this, hands down this was the WORST Tom Yum I've encountered in my life. Good Tom Yum has a bright, slightly acidic flavor from lemongrass and lime, with a spicy kick. What I was served had a surprising lack of flavor - no acid, no spice, no nothing. Disappointment.
As a main dish, I had the yellow curry, and my husband ordered the pad thai. We were advised about the spice level, and that at a 3 the dish would be spicy to the point where it would start to drown out other flavors. My husband opted for a 4, and I for a 2. Neither dish had even the most remote bit of spice. The relative lack of flavor carried on throughout these dishes, only leaving us with further disappointment.
In all, I would not return to Jasmine Thai, and I would not recommend it to anyone. Coming here was actually my idea, because I was excited to see that it had reopened after a several month closure. My husband and I actually came here on our anniversary hoping for a delicious meal, and got nothing of the sort. While the good service here manages to grab this place an extra star, the food was bland and flavorless, worthy of only a single star. There are better restaurants in Old City, and better Thai to be found in Philadelphia!Avoid at All COST!!!!!!!!!!
No lies. Lack of Common Decency 
Looks quaint but nothing special.
I worked in the kitchen. 
Even got sick eating food here.
NOTHING IS FRESH MADE 
Sauce, Curries, Desserts.
Only thing hand made is the labour.
Everything comes from a can.
Chicken Wings thawed in microwave 
Salmon is thawed AND COOKED in microwave.
Dessert is store bought. Not hand made
They are awful people they cant keep staff thats why they have to work harder. 
They do the work so they dont feel Entitled to NOT tip their staff.
Shame.
I worked here temporarily saw 3 people go in 5 days including myself. 
If you have experience working in a restaurant. Take it somewhere else.
They think everyone they hire incompetent & incapable due to their success on employee turn over rate.
No people skills. Facts.This food was amazing. I had the mussels and coconut soup as appetizers and the flavor was just fantastic. I wasn't even on my second course and I knew I needed to leave this review. Best Pad Thai I've ever had. Service is great and people are friendly. Great new restaurant in Old City!Been meaning to try this place for a while now since they have a sign out front that specifically advertises gluten free options. My boyfriend and I stopped in on Sunday... the restaurant was almost empty, and had the big front windows open to let in some sunshine and warm air. My boyfriend and I split the crispy duck fried rice ($18) and the ginger chicken ($16), and he got an order of the pan fried pork dumplings ($9) and a Thai beer ($5.50). He didn't care for the flavors of the dumplings -- too much dough with a bland filling, but we enjoyed our two main courses. The fried rice was good but very salty, and there certainly wasn't enough duck on it to justify $18. The ginger chicken was good too, but the ratio of chicken to carrots & onions was way off. Our sever was sweet and attentive. Overall, a pretty good meal, but I can get way more bang for my buck elsewhere, so likely won't return.Outstanding service and food. We always feel like family. Tom and Anna are amazing souls.The food was excellent. I had the papaya salad and it was extremely fresh, tasty and pleasing to the palate. I also tried the vegetable and tofu pad Thai and it was very delicious and made me want to keep eating more. The atmosphere is tranquil and relaxing. The waiter was attentive to my needs and he was really nice and polite.Went here on a whim... we were the only people in the restaurant because it had just opened. Had decent drinks and pad thai.I've just had the best and most fresh shrimp dumplings soup in here. Was visiting from New York and gave it a try and this is specifically something I would come back for. And the prices are amazing!We were excited to finally have near-by Thai.  To start, the owner was very nice.  That's the two stars.   However, the website was hacked and now links to a porn site, so ordering for take out is impossible.  The restaurant smelled kind of musty.   Lastly, the food.   Not good.  Based on the other reviews, I'm going to assume they were having an off night.  However, our dishes were so bad that I took one bite and decided to finish my kid's leftovers instead.  We will not be back.This is the best place ever and one of my favorite places to eat & enjoy the wonderful atmosphere that is nice, peaceful & quite. I have been here alone for an early lunch & dinner while I was at work. I was also there with my sister for a great lunch together & talk. Their takeout is a great way to go as well. They even have an upstairs to their place where you can host a party at if need be. The staff is so friendly & they greet you as soon as you walk through the door. The food is wonderful. I love their soups and everything else I just wished that the rice was actually jasmine rice instead of plain rice, but it wont stop me from enjoying their wonderful food every chance I get.I don't know if it's because I ordered delivery or if it's just the standard of food here, but I wasn't a fan. I didn't order complicated dishes. I had the Tom Yum soup (with shrimp) and the Beef green curry. 
My Tom Yum wasn't "brothy" enough. It had a weird after taste and I am unsure why it was only filled with a few mushrooms and three pieces of shrimp. Tom Yum has the potential to be an amazing soup, but this one wasn't cutting it for me. 
My beef curry (though served in a huge black round container) was just ok. I kind of wish it was spicier. Nothing about this meal stood out as amazing. It is the closest thai place to me so I may give them another chance and order from them again. If their food is better I will definitely update my review.Lackluster Thai! I hope I don't get sick after reading the reviews. I was craving Thai and in the neighborhood, but was sadly disappointed. I was told the chicken wings would take 20 minutes because they require time but they were horrible! The Pad Kee Mao was boring. Skip this place if you want good Thai!!I just got back from Jasmine Rice and had mixed feeling about this place. I wanted to visit Jasmine Rice for some time because there's few Thai restaurant in Old City neighborhood, where I spend my weekends.
The good things are the food and the decor.  My dining companion and I had Lemongrass (Tom Yum) soup and two types of curry (Green and Red) for dinner. The soup was seasoned with flavorful spices and tasted great. Both curry dishes were authentic, creamy, and savory, though not as spicy as indicated on the menu. Also, the place is newly renovated with nice decor.
The unpleasant part was the delivery and details of dishes. The waiting time was unexpectedly long. We arrived around 5PM and were the only customers dining in. We got our soup a few minutes after ordering, but our curry dishes were 20 minutes after that. Another unpleasant thing was the rice. The menu says they serve Thai jasmine rice with curry dishes, but I'm 100% certain it wasn't jasmine rice that came with my curry. I'm Chinese and rice is the main carb in my diet, so I can distinguish different variety of rice. Jasmine rice should have long grain and distinctive aroma, but the rice I got here was just regular rice, which is much cheaper than jasmine rice. Also, half-way through my rice, I discovered it was served in a tea plate rather than a dining plate or bowl, a real bummer. 
The service was almost inexistent for us, probably because we were early. One waiter took our order and served our dishes, and that's it. Then, he was absent from the dining area of the restaurant till we finished our meal an ready for check. Based on other reviews, their service is seems inconsistent and we weren't the lucky ones.
I think I will only order take-outs from here in future.