It was my fiance's birthday and he decided he wanted a good, laid back Thai restaurant for dinner. Yelp steered us in the Jasmine Rice direction, and it was definitely a good decision. We wanted the summer rolls, which were on the menu, but apparently will not be available until summer, so we settled on the pan-fried dumplings. The flavor was good, but I don't think we'd order them again. We got the green curry fried rice with duck and chicken pad thai. Both of those dishes were great, but the duck stole the show. That was some the of tastiest duck I've ever had. The pad thai was a bit sweet for us, so I think we'd try a different noodle dish when we return. But it was still very good, especially with some chili sauce mixed in. Our service was good, but other people had issues. One table was rushing to get to a show at the Kimmel Center and waited quite a while for their meal (and were going to be late). Another person who got take-out was missing one of their items (but the owner realized it and called him and walked the dish to his house, which was very nice). Overall, good quality Thai! We would definitely go back.The food was very good. The reason for the three stars is the noise level. I was with three other people in a corner table and we had to shout to hear each other. If the restaurant could work on the noise level, it would absolutely get more stars. The pad see ew got great reviews from the person who ordered it. I got The King and I (veg/chicken/shrimp stir fry) and it was excellent. Nice heat and curry flavor. The pad thai was a bit sweet I thought, but the person who ordered it really liked it.
Portion sizes are not enormous. We had some leftovers but also didn't come in starving.
Good service, very attentive. The noise level was the only negative.I have walked by this restaurant countless times, so sweetheart and I finally ventured in.  First observation was that only 2 small tables were full when we arrived, yet I needed a haircut by the time our food arrived.  Second, I ordered a mild chicken dish (which was down-right bland), and sweetheart ordered a spicy seafood dish, which was absolutely ridiculously hot.  I do not exaggerate when I say that 1/3 red hot chili peppers.  Virtually inedible!  This restaurant is clearly a horror, living off of the tourists.  No Philly dweller would frequent this place.Great food and service. However, I recently found out that the tips do not go to the waiters.... Which should say on the menus.We went there yesterday based on the (mostly good) reviews on Yelp. The service was very courteous and that is the only reason why I'd give it 2 stars instead of 1. They can prepare dish, according to their menu, at different spice levels. So, I selected one of the dishes that looked interesting (The King and I) and I ordered it to be prepared at medium spice without the pineapples that apparently came with it.
The dish came stocked with pineapples tasting like shrimps in sugar syrup ! I was in a hurry and didn't want to make a fuss of it, but regardless, when the host came by to ask how the dish was, I mentioned that it was too sugary. He explained that somehow his internet system had gone down when he was sending the instructions to the kitchen. I'll give him the benefit of the doubt, but with only 2 tables occupied in the entire restaurant at the time, perhaps a little more attention to what is happening in the kitchen and how the food is being served would do well.
I'd accept their apology, but to be a great restaurant, you need to look at various aspects of the experience and simply being courteous to guests is only but 2/5ths of task at hand.Excellent service, cute establishment, nice neighborhood. Good cuisine, efficient & accurate. 
BYOBOne of the best Thai restaurants that I have ever been to!  The Pad Thai was unbelievable- full of great tastes. And for dessert, order the White Elephant. You will not be disappointed.  The owner has served me twice, and both times he is so friendly that i enjoyed giving him a good tip. He truly cares about his customers' experience unlike most restaurant owners who care about the bottom line.Had a nice, quiet dinner here last Wednesday and would certainly recommend. Our reservation was not necessary as only a few other patrons cycled through the restaurant throughout the evening, but since it's a fairly small space, it's probably not a bad idea to make a reservation just in case (and especially on a weekend).
The service was friendly and unobtrusive, and the interior of the restaurant feels homey and intimate. Upon arrival, we were immediately greeted, seated, and provided an ice bucket for our BYO bottle of white. We lingered a while after dinner to finish the wine and did not feel unwelcome or rushed at all. And dinner itself was very good; my green curry was just the right amount of spicy, and the portions were small enough to finish but large enough to be filling. Great place for a casual evening on a quiet block near Rittenhouse!Good not great!
sweet atmosphere and kind servers, there was totally nothing wrong with the food it just didn't blow me away.
coconut soup - not the best I've ever had but really fine, tasty and satisfying
Thai basil meatballs - the best thing we ordered. Nice char on the meat and they came with what appeared to be fried basil leaves, which were kind of awesome
Golden triangles - fried tofu, don't bother
I'm local so maybe I'll be back if I'm craving Thai.This restaurant is delicious and has reasonable prices. We had a group of 12 and after being turned away by several places, jasmine rice accommodated the party in a short amount of time. Service was fast and friendly. We had a great experience here.Very very good restaurant! The food was sooo good and the service was great too!!!! Definitely coming back again:))We came here twice for dinner. The first time there was a party of 12 or more, so it was very noisy, but the food was good so we decided to try again. The second time, there was also a party of 12 or more and the noise was unbearable. It wasn't just the large party.  The owners have squeezed so many tables here it feels like dining on SEPTA during rush hour. Our table was the size of a hubcap and we were jammed into an alcove alongside a pair of students from University of the Arts. We now know every detail of the drama department's spring lineup. Getting to the ladies' room was like running an obstacle course.  All we could do was pray they would bring our food fast (which they did) so we could scarf it down and get out of there. No pad see ew on earth is worth that kind of experience.Food is good. Much better than the average americanized Thai. They got a different twist on the food which makes it original yet authentic. As opposed to other reviews I actually enjoyed the Tom-Yum. It's different than any Tom-Yum I ate in Thailand but still good. I also tried the the Red Curry and some other entrees. All were good. Some very good. Never mind-blowing though.
Now the reason I decided to give it 3 stars is because at the end of the day the food lacks in the bang-for-the-buck department. The portions always seem a little too small and more than a little expensive. For a soup and an entree you'll pay over $20 after taxes, and you're not very likely to have any leftovers. The rice container for the take-out was as small as I've ever seen in any other Asian restaurant I've ever gotten food from.
I live close-by so I'll be back, but not nearly as often as I would like to, unless one of the following happens: the food gets exceptional, the prices drop or the portions get bigger. The restaurant needs to work on giving a more generous air and not feel just a tiny bit stingy.I visited last week. The food was delicious! I ordered the lemongrass soup and the pad thai. Very tasty and lovely presentation. I definitely would recommend it.French comment : nourriture bonne et rapport qualité / prix très satisfaisant ! En revanche, il semble que je n'ai pas eu de chance...mais l'attente a été interminable pour se faire servir ! Perte d'une étoile pour cela...Went here for Friday night dinner.  We made reservations which was good because it was crowded.  The place is small and tightly packed but once you are seated, you should be good. 
T ordered the Ginger Scallion Dumplings and I the Jasmine Rice Salad.  The dumplings were very hot but evidently delightful and my salad was fresh and had perfectly pan seared tofu and a delicious curry peanut dressing.
For main entrees, T ordered the Jatujak stir-fry and I the Panang Curry with tofu.  WE were both slightly concerned about the portion sizes because they looked rather small.  But by small, I actually mean perfectly sized and once we finished eating, we were both full but not uncomfortable, as so often happens to us when we eat yummy food.  The main courses were very flavorful, although T wanted more spice and I wanted less.  
The staff was really nice and they were filling our water like crazy.
While everything was tasty and the service was good, there wasn't really anything that stood out about Jasmine Rice.  It is a very solid Thai restaurant and if I happen to be in the area and craving Thai, I will definitely be back but I wouldn't go out of my way to do so.Ok food, very small portions. Expensive according to what you get. I'm not coming back!Try the vegetarian pad see ew! It was super super yummy came with broad noodles that had the perfect amount of flavor and onions bell peppers, egg and broccoli and green beans. Also came with delicious tofu if you get the veggie version. Really really great food! Can't wait to go back.The food here is always wonderful. The flavors all seem fresh and detailed. No dish taste like the other and it comes out quickly. Please do not let the illusion of small portion sizes turn you away. In fact, it is properly serve were you wont leave hungry or sluggish. My only suggestion is that if you have a party more than 2, to call ahead. They try to use their space as best as possible but it can feel like you are on top of each other. If you ever get to visit the owners are usually there waiting with a smile and a story.Really nice and quiet atmosphere with sweet and friendly owner who treated us and made us feel like we were dining in her home. It was pretty empty when we were there and I think opened not too long ago, which is part of why I felt compelled to write about how nice an experience I had to help grow word of mouth! Delicious and affordable food - try the massaman curry! Will definitely return and recommend to others :)Excellent service and delicious, authentic Thai food. Our server/the owner was very helpful in describing the food and how it is made, when we asked. The Satay Chicken and Crispy Spring Rolls appetizers were amazing - especially the homemade sauces for each!  Entree size was a little smaller than at some other Thai places, but that may be because we ordered from the lunch menu. Reasonably priced, especially for the neighborhood. We will definitely return!Just ok. Nothing special going on here except the service which is excellent! Food I'd mediocre at bestI normally don't like any type of coconut curry, but man the red curry here was on point. Yum!My sister and I decided to have dinner here last Friday. We definitely had high hopes! We left pretty disappointed...
Service is super slow and inattentive. Food is not bad- when they get it right. They completely messed up our whole order.
I expected more...too bad...maybe carry out next time (shrugs)Delicious BYO in Philly! I love that Philly have BYO restaurants that are actually nice and classy (to some degree) and have delicious food. My first experience was at Mercato and now at Jasmine Rice - both did not disappoint at all! 
We ordered a variety of dishes and here are my recommendations: 
+Green curry
+Pad kee mao
+basil tofu dish with egg on top
+green tea mocha
The service is probably what set the good thai food apart from other thai restaurants - it was a nice sit down thai restaurant, without too much fuss / extravagant pricing, and considering we sat there for 4+ hours, the service was extremely kind. We were never asked to move faster than our pace, our waters kept refiling and our waiter had no issues clearing our numerous wine bottles. We were one of the last parties in there and he still very happily gave us dessert recommendations. The one thing that was off was that our dishes didn't come out together so we waited awkwardly for all 4 main courses to arrive before we started eating. Other than that, I would definitely come back here for another BYO dinner!Service is SLOW. Waitress was sleepy. Ignored my request for mild spices. Food arrived WAY too spicey. Wake up, waitress! Listen to me when I say "MILD spice."Many people have recommended Jasmine Rice to me because they say the food is delicious and the BYOB factor is an added bonus. I got the Chicken Pad Thai for myself and the Crispy Spring Rolls to share with my vegetarian friend. The food wasn't that great, but the customer service was good and I like how cozy the restaurant is. I will probably go back at some point but would definitely want to try something else on their menu.Beautiful ambiance. Solid food. I would definitely go here again. Worth it and it was good for the price points.Great food, great service, love it all around! Favorite & go-to Thai spot in the city.We saw that Jasmine Rice had opened up on Spruce and 16th.  We were excited to try out a new Thai restaurant so we headed out for a nice weeknight dinner...
Food: 4.0 stars
Our meal was delicious.  Quality ingredients, well prepared and all in the spirit of authentic Thai cuisine.  We had the:
--PAD KEEMAO with Chicken: The noodles are excellent and everything is seasoned so well.
--CURRY SHIRMP served with Jasmine Rice- Spicy. Fresh vegetables which could have been cooked just a little longer with perfectly cooked Shrimp.
Service: 2.5 stars
Its a family restaurant and the servers are obviously not well seasoned or even trained to be waitresses.  So its kind of a rough patch as the restaurant is getting started.  They are very nice and courteous to patrons.
Location: 4.0 stars
16th and Spruce in Rittenhouse
Ambiance: 3.5 stars
The restaurant is very simple and yet beautiful.  I like the simplicity and the soothing atmosphere.  Definitely a great date spot.
Initial Overall: 3.5 stars
BONUS: BYOB and they accept credit cards
Overall: 4.0 stars
Definitely give Jasmine Rice your support as they are starting up a restaurant which serves delicious food in a nice, quiet setting.  You'll leave with a good experience.Excellent food nice place and great service price for 3 course  for 2 people  was 45.00Maybe I just love any place that is a BYOB because when I am drinking as much wine as I want, I tend to have an enjoyable experience.
That being said, this place is great.  The servers were so kind and friendly.  The atmosphere is really nice, but it is tiny.  The spring rolls were pretty tasty.  My Pad See Ewe was delicious.  My friend got the Penang curry and his meal was on point.  I guess the only complaint is the fact that as others have said, I usually have a lot of leftovers when I eat at Thai restaurants, but this time I had none..but that could've been the wine inside me eating all of the delicious food.
I would definitely go back!I have been looking for the best Pad Thai since moving to Philly in June and, by jove, I think I've found it!! I tried to eat the food as slow as possible so I could enjoy every bite but man was it hard. Also, DJ is super sweet and very attentive. I will be back...probably tonight for dinner...Ignore all the negative reviews,  especially from the people who haven't actually eaten there! My husband and I ate there with two other couples and stopped by an hour early to drop off our BYOB, and they were happy to hold our wine and beer while we walked around town. The service was friendly and attentive and the food was so good. We shared many appetizers and a couple of entrees and our bill was still under $100 for 6 people! We will definitely be back and I would highly recommend!This was the worst meal I ever had. The seafood combo was not cooked and tasted foul. I felt sick afterwards. I do not recommend it here at all. I almost passed out from the food and taste.The food was quite delicious. I had the red curry and my friends had the Panang curry. There was no food left when we were done. I like my food spicy and I asked for level 5. That was wonderful for me. But beware, most people cannot handle that level of spic.
The ambiance is very nice. It's not a huge place where you would get lost, nor is it a tiny place that you feel like you're touching elbows with your neighbor.
The service was excellent, very friendly and fast. 
The only suggestion I would make is to increase the portion of rice. A half a cup may not be sufficient for most people.I absolutely love thai food and this place had great flavors and very good service. The manager/ owner made it a point to stop by and check on us and made us feel incredibly welcome.I would highly recommend stopping in for a dinner at Jasmine Rice. They were very accommodating for our party of 9 that took up half their restaurant. We were seated immediately and the service was remarkable. I enjoyed the 'King and I' which was a signature curry dish featuring the delicious jasmine rice. Everything was enjoyable-from the spring rolls, to the curry, to the green tea dessert. You will not regret stopping here for some delicious Thai food.I placed a reservation for Jasmine rice and was taken care of gracefully. We we're seated in a well lit table with a window view. The restaurant was short of help, so service was not 100%, but she was showing effort. We ordered pad tai and pad se ew. The pad see ew was delicious, but pad tai was very sweet and was an acquired taste. Overall this was a good Thai kitchen in Rittenhouse.One of my favorite Thai places in Philly. Mostly I go there because it's close to where I live, and the staff is really adorable -- they really care about their customers! I'm a big fan of their noodle dishes, the crab appetizer, and the duck fried rice. Their soups aren't my favorite, unfortunately, and I wouldn't recommend getting take-out/delivery, because it often arrives in a sub-par state. The fact that their BYO makes it a great place to go with a group!Loved this place!  The service was amazing, they were busy but made us feel special, and we didn't even have a reservation or a special event planned.  The owner came over and talked to us like we were friends, not strangers and he smiled a genuine and caring smile...something was so nice about this.  He really seemed happy to be there and happy that we were there.  This is so rare in many businesses and restaurants in Philly.  The food was delicious.  We had the flaming duck.  It was not on the dinner menu, but we saw someone else with it, asked the waiter about it, and they were happy to make it for our table.  It was tender and flavorful, really an A plus meal.  The place is small and cozy but not too over crowded and it was relatively quiet for the number of people that were there.  You could comfortably talk to your date without raising your voice, but at the same time there was an energy around you.  The table in front of us had a large baby stroller with them and the waiter pulled out the chairs and removed them so that the stroller would fit comfortably into the dinner table.  That is good customer service.  I highly recommend this place for an affordable, special night.  The price was good for the quality of food and service.Jasmine Rice is a small restaurant, with a pleasant but simple interior and very nice and accommodating owner.  We enjoyed really tasty dishes, as described below.  Satay Chicken ($7) appetizers with a peanut sauce a little thinner and more subtle than is typical. The fantastic Thai Papaya Salad ($7) was very colourful and tasty decorated with a modest amount of chopped peanuts  a seasoned with a delicious and a little spicy lime dressing- not a huge salad, but adequate for appetizer.  The Chicken Pad Khimao contained well-cooked broad noodles, veggies, and chicken in a great, spicy sauce soy-garlic-onion-sweet basil, etc.  The Crispy Duck Fried Rice contained crispy-crusted slices of duck over rice, with a sort of smokey flavour.  Dinner entrees are adequate in size, but not large. We will be returning to try more.Food was decent, but does not stand up to the Smile Cafe - Erawan standard. The drunken noodle was flavorful but quite greasy. The pad thai was good. Very courteous staff. Will definitely return if Smile Cafe is closed.I really wanted to love this place.  The place is the former Warsaw Cafe location and is super cute on the inside and out.  The service was a bit slow, but the owner/waiter/food runner was extremely friendly.  The restaurant was relatively full but they only had 1 waitress and the owner who functioned as a waiter/food runner.  I heard the owner telling someone that his wife makes all the food and she only makes one dish at a time...which doesn't seem like the best idea.  This may also explain why the food didn't come out piping hot.
Appetizers: Fried tofu- good, but could have been crispier.  Thai papaya salad was pretty good as were the thai basil meatlballs, but I felt like it could have used some kind of dipping sauce or something since they were a bit dry.
Entrees: Pad Thai- super super al dente.  Some of the noodles were basically uncooked and the pad thai was a bit dry.  My friend got the panaeng curry with duck which was actually delicious.  
I will probably give this place another try.  It is relatively new so perhaps they need some time to work out some things.The service here is great and the environment is relaxing, but the food is closer to a 3 or 3.5 than a 4. I will continue to go to Jasmine Rice, and if the food reaches a 4 or 5 status I will update this review. However, in the meantime, I am checking out other Thai food places in the area.It was a little cold and blustery the other day and I wanted something warm and comforting. We had walked by Jasmine Rice before but never tried it. We decided to stop in yesterday for a really late lunch. I had the lemongrass soup with tofu and vegetables. The soup was like Tom Yum soup but a little sweeter. Overall decent and I would get it again. My boyfriend had the chicken satay and then we split the red curry chicken and had brown rice. 
My only comment on the red curry was that it was lacking in vegetables. The chicken portion was fine but it seemed like instead of vegetables, there were a ton of bamboo shoots. The flavor of the curry was nice and I thought the medium spiciness was dead on.  I thought the portions overall looked small but they ended up being really filling. I would definitely go back and try out more dishes !Honestly I can't give feedback on the food, but tonight I did try try try to order carry-out from Jasmine Rice. I called for 15 or 20 minutes and the phone line had a busy signal the entire time. I think this is pretty unacceptable and I am so disappointed i won't be able to try out their Massaman curry tonight.I went to Jasmine Rice on a Friday at 8pm. It was empty when we got there, but boy did it fill up! There were three of us at a very cozy table. We had the spring rolls and the ginger scallion dumplings. I loved both. The lighting wasn't great, and the door kept opening and it was COLD in there. They have a curtain, presumably to keep this from happening, but it was open and not in use while we were there. I would imagine (and hope) that they use this as we get deeper into winter. I hate eating when I'm uncomfortable. 
I had green curry, which was good, but not the five pepper spice I had requested. If you really like your Thai food spicy, ask for more than the five on the menu. I couldn't taste the spice at all. The food was good, and the portion appropriate. None of us had leftovers, which happens to me more often than not at Thai places. My dinner mates also noted that the spice level was extremely low in their dishes. We probably won't go back, but it was fine and the location was super convenient.Love. It.
Take out is quick and always hits the spot. Owner is super friendly and if you bite the bullet, the Thai spicy burns in all the right ways.
Brown rice is extra though =(Nice people, but food is very sweet. We had the pad Thai and massaman curry, and couldn't stomach either.BYOB made all the difference! Food was just okay, nothing to write home about but not awful either. Stay away from the calamari. Ours may have just been overlooked but my goodness, they shouldn't have served it. Curry was tasty but they give you such a tiny scoop of rice you'll have to ask for more multiple times. I'm sure there is better Thai around but if you find yourself in the area and you have a bottle of wine, check it out. Maybe...Best Thai I've had in the city out of the four places I've tried. 
The service is amazing. The owners are extremely nice and will cater to whatever you need, especially food allergies. I've only had lunches there but have never had a problem with the food taking too long. Since the owner's wife is the only chef, I imagine if it's really busy, it would take a little while but it is worth the wait in my opinion. 
My favorite dish is the green curry fried rice with shrimp. It's pretty spicy but has a great flavor and the shrimp is always tender. It's a lot of food to eat but somehow I always manage to finish. I've also had the duck fried rice and that's also very good. The papaya salad is my goto appetizer as it has a great crunch and tastes great. They do theirs slightly different than most places as it doesn't have any dried shrimp or fish sauce. As far as I know, it's vegan. Doesn't detract from the flavor at all and I actually prefer it. My coworkers love the crab nuggets. They tend to sell out of those quickly though. 
The prices aren't too much different than other Thai places. If they're slightly higher, it's cause they're food is slightly better.
One day I'll go there to dinner with my fiance and add onto this review.Probably the most authentic Thai restaurant in Rittenhouse with friendly service and very good food.  
Some highlights:
1. Pad See Yew: Made with Chinese broccoli and plenty of egg in a savory sauce.  Very very good.
2. Red Penang Curry: Spicy and creamy with fresh veggies, plenty of beef, and the best curry broth.
3. Ginger stir-fried chicken: Amazingly savory and cooked with tender pieces of chicken breast.  Great if you are looking for a non-spicy dish.
4. Crispy duck fried rice: The duck definitely rivals Morimoto's with tender meat and a crispy skin.  The rice is delicious with plenty of veggies and egg.  
5.  Siam Salmon: Great tangy sauce with a delicious fillet accompanied by crispy, fried crab.  Love!
6. Salt and Pepper Shrimp Rolls: Filled with actual whole jumbo shrimp and served with a delicious dip.  This is unique to Jasmine Rice so highly recommend trying.
7. Papaya Salad: Good but not differentiated from the other versions.
8. Chicken Lettuce Wraps: A great spicy version of a classic.  It's a Gar pao accompanied with large Romaine leaves.  I would recommend getting a bowl of sticky rice and having the chicken with the rice.
Service is very attentive but the seating is pretty cramped so definitely book reservations for a party of more than 2.  It was a Tuesday night and packed!  Will be back to try more of the curries but so far so good!The mango sticky rice is divine. Unfortunately it's seasonal. The food is OK - prices reflect the location more than the quality. Service is great. Atmosphere is relaxing. 3.5 starsIt's a really cute little cozy place, with super friendly staff and very prompt service.  The food was very good, as well.  No complaints!My husband and I stumbled across this place by chance after wandering about Rittenhouse Sq. for half an hour trying to find a suitable, reasonably priced place for dinner.  (We're from out of town.)
I would give this restaurant 5 stars based on service alone.  
We went in because we saw "drunken duck" on the sidewalk menu (and I love duck more than anything).  I tempered my expectations though, because I have a gluten allergy that prevents me from being able to eat dishes made with normal soy sauce and duck is usually prepared with soy sauce.  When I asked about it inside, the owner came over and explained that there is indeed soy sauce in the base.  But before my heart even had time to break, he told me that he could make a special version of it for me without the soy sauce.  A few minutes later, he brought out a ramekin of the sauce for me to taste test for spice level.  It was *delicious*.  
Needless to say, the dish was fantastic.  The sauce was a perfect mix of sweet, and spicy and the duck was crispy skinned with moist delicious meat inside.  Even the Chinese broccoli on which it was served was smoky and wonderful, having been doused in brandy & rum and set on fire!  (Extra credit for flair.)
And lest I feel guilty that the chef/owner went to all this trouble for me, he came out again after we ate to tell me that he enjoyed the challenge of preparing the dish without soy sauce.  If only all chefs reacted that way to customers' dietary restrictions!  Talk about above and beyond...
We will be back here for sure when we move to the city.
(Oh, and my husband, who claims not to like Thai food, had a beef dish involving oyster sauce and he enjoyed it thoroughly.)This place can be defined as a Thai place with a twist. The owner cum chef uses his heritage and combines it with the modern. You can be assured that the food that comes on your table is as fresh as it gets. Extremely child friendly and warm people made this an amazing lunch for us. Though the dessert menu could use some more items, you mustn't miss the white elephant. Can't wait to come back and try the drunken duck :)Very cozy place and good food. Had the jasmine fried rice and vegetables and tofu.This was a big disappointment. My husband and I love Thai food, but the food here was average at best. The curry dishes were small and unfulfilling. Also, we were a group of 8 that had to wait for over an hour for our order. When we asked the waiter about it he was indifferent and didn't try to apologise or compensate us.Service is very nice...but all the food are way too sweet, feels like americanized thai rather than mix of sour and sweet thai authenticity....Fantastic Thai food in the heart of Philadelphia. It's a small restaurant, so definitely make reservations if you're coming on a peak night. You can customize the protein and spice level in almost all of the menu items, so their food is definitely vegetarian friendly. I would recommend their soups, which are all packed with flavor (my favorite is tom yum), and their basil fried rice. Try "Thai-spicy" level is you really want a kick!Went here for dinner recently, it was really great! We started with spring rolls and then had the shrimp pad thai. My only complaint was the pad thai was kind of a smaller portion. But it was really good. Also the service was excellent. So many BYOBs you are constantly rushed out the door. But not here. Will definitely return.If you have eaten in Thailand or tasted real authentic Thai food in New York or LA, you will find this place very disappointing. Food is tasteless. You can order your food requesting level of spiciness. I asked for "Thai level" spiciness, the red duck curry and chicken green curry were still bland. The Thai beef salad had well done chucks of beef instead of rare slices as it should be. The dressing for the this beef salad was ok. The Chicken coconut soup (Tom Ka Gai) was again tasteless. The best thing with this restaurant is the service. Very friendly and efficient.We came here on a thursday night around 6 before an orchestra concert at the Kimmel Center. Most of the tables had reservation tags on them. Since there was only 3 tables taken at that time, we were seated. I wanted to hear Nadja Salerno-Sonnenberg's preconcert talk at 7, so I wanted a place nearby. We did make it to the talk on time. (and she was worth hearing talk as well as play)
I've uploaded a few photos. We had the green curry with chicken and "the king and I". The green curry is good. Two things to point out though. Whenever you see a menu where you can choose the meat - here you can add chicken, beef, shrimp, duck, salmon, seafood or none - you know that it has not been cooked in the curry. This chicken was not dry as is the usual case with such menus. The other thing that would have improved it is the addition of fresh kaffir lime leaves. Otherwise, the curry is better than the low end Maesri canned paste curries you find in mediocre Thai food places.
The Kind and I came with shrimp and chicken. The sauce was Prik Khing - a gingery paste - without coconut milk like a curry. It tasted like the shrimp and chicken were cooked in the sauce. It was good.
I've had Thai food all over the world, including Thailand. This place does not rank among the best. But locally it is among the best.
The space is indeed small and the tables are close together. By the time we left (6:45 or so) it was fairly full. The crowd was mostly composed of concert goers. So, the too-cool-for-this-planet hipster crowd was not in evidence. If that is what you are seeking, then Monk's is only a block away.I came here for a quick Thai lunch on New Years Eve, mainly picked this place because it is in a very convenient location to Rittenhouse Square Park and Liberty Place.  This is also close to the residential parking as well, because lets face it, putting paying for parking just sucks.  The lady, probably the owner, is very friendly and the food came out quick and prompt.  
Everything we ordered was very flavorful and good: lemongrass soup, which is a chicken broth type of soup, not creamy; chicken pad see eww, very similar to chow fun in Chinese restaurants but way better tasting and more flavor; chicken pad thai, very good perfectly cooked.  
A place that I'd definitely return if in the mood for Thai and recommended for others to go!Had takeout a few times from hear.  Really nothing special.  Flavor profiles of my lemongrass soup and pad Thai were very basic and bland.This place is awesome. My wife and I visited this place and ordered lemon grass soup, satay chicken, green curry and jatujak stir fried. The server asked for our preferred spice level on a scale of 1 to 5 while his suggestion being 2-3. It's pity I tried to challenge their spice level and asked for 4, should have listened to him. Anyway, it was really hot and we started sweating soon. However still we could feel ta flavour and it was amazing, one of the best places that you can have in Philly. The service was awesome and the server was repeatedly asking if we are doing fine. Will visit there again.Although I liked the appetizers we got there  was not impressed with their version of Phad Thaii but that could be personal preference. It's honey based and a bit sweeter then I normally like.This is an all-around 2 star place in just about every way you can imagine. Absolutely nothing stands out about it except for the few things that I disliked.
However, they are conveniently located RIGHT across my apartment. That is pretty cool and I was excited to see a Thai restaurant so close by, even though there are already quite a few Thai places in Center City.
The fact that they set up shop in a nice little neighborhood is attractive, but I feel like the novelty of this place stops there. 
The inside looks pretty lively most of the time which is inviting but the decor and set-up is rather plain and almost cafeteria-like in nature with its ordinary red picnic-tables and somewhat bare walls that even display an elementary school style fire-bell on the wall. 
The tables have no place settings, no coasters and no glass top either, although they are polished well.
Tables are somewhat close together but not so much so that it's annoying. The table all the way to the far back left corner however is poorly located right in front of the cash register. Not only do you get to hear ever other table being rang up while you sit there but if you're lucky you get to overhear some of the very unprofessional comments and discussion of the staff who think that no one can hear them. No matter how friendly they are to you and how well you're served, they lose a little of that customer-service friendliness when right after they say please/thank you, they walk two feet away from you and stand there swearing and making comments you'd hear on the street. Just because they aren't aimed at anyone in particular makes no difference, it's just plain rude and unprofessional. 
As for the food- it's what you would expect of a random place like this: It wasn't the best Thai food I've ever had and it wasn't the worst either. At this point it's so widely available I feel like any place that is just NOW opening a Thai restaurant needs to bring a little something extra to the table. Jasmine Rice doesn't really do that and that's why it's a cute but forgettable experience that I can't really recommend to anyone else.One of my favorite Thai place in Philadelphia. I would recommend this place. My favorite are the Panang Curry & dessert "white elephant"I had dinner here and it was wonderful.  It's a very nice, intimate place.  Perfect for a date night!  The service was great, quick but not rushed.  I am a huge fan of Thai food.  They offer the best dishes without having an overwhelming long menu, which is good.  I will definitely go back very often.I'll start by saying we went on a Friday night around 7:15pm, arguably the busiest time of the night.
Luckily it was just 2 of us so we got a seat right away, the place was completely full at that point. First person to greet us is the chef, which is a nice surprise, but as time goes on we realize it's just because his waitress staff is very busy.
Menu looks great, we order Salt and Pepper Shrimp Rolls, the King and I and Jatujak Stir Fried Shrimp.
Salt and Pepper Spring Rolls came out fast. They were honestly just ok, they had mushroom in them, which wasn't listed as an ingredient, but the taste was very sub-par. Didn't really fit the flavor profile of salt and pepper shrimp with cilantro. The citrus lime dipping sauce was just thinned out duck sauce.
By the time we finished that we had both drank our glass of water and for the next 45 minutes we were ignored, no refill of water, no food, not even a look. Again I know they were busy, but when they would sit a table near us, they would bring them water and not even glance at our table.
Ok, 45 minutes after the appetizer, dinner comes. I'm eating the King and I which is basically Pad Prik King, string beans are undercooked which is actually how I like them in my Pad Prik King, very crunchy. But they taste dirty and the sauce doesn't seem like it was cooked with the food, just poured over at the very end. I like the flavors somewhat marinated with the protein and vegetables.
Girlfriend is eating the Jatujak, which said it was spicy, but wow it really is hot. Hotter then the 10 at Han Dynasty in Old City. I have a pretty high tolerance for spice so we switch plates. I get to a shrimp in the Jatujak that is right on the line of undercooked. I figured with the temperature hotness of the food it is probably fine, dumb mistake. The next day I was writhing in stomach pain.
Like I said before, they were busy, the chef even had to come out to help a little (which is an admirable trait for someone in the kitchen), but ignoring a table for 45 minutes when all they wanted was some more water (yes we did ask) and then serving undercooked seafood due to the pressure of getting the food out is inexcusable. 
On paper the food looked amazing, but on my plate and in my stomach it disappointed. There is plenty of other delicious Thai Food in that area the I will stick with.Food: Very good, above average Thai cuisine.
Price: I hate to say it but the prices have risen from how they are currently shown on the online menues, to the point of entrees being about $3-5 more in the restaurant.
Service: Impeccable! Couldn't be nicer
We started going here when they opened and thought we had found our new go-to Thai spot. As time went on we started realized our bills were getting bigger but our orders were staying the same. I hope this will be corrected soon because the menu on their website & menupages list entres for about $3-5 cheaper then they cost when our bill came in the restaurant.
Food is great, service is great, just make sure you pay attention to your bill or double check the final order price if your placing an order for pick up.The food here is of the best quality and the decor is so calming. I love this little place but be sure to reserve a table as they seem to fill fast often.I came here on a Saturday night with reservations.  I would definitely suggest making reservation as the dining room is very small.  As many people have noted, it was a bit loud also probably because of the size.
I had the Siam Square Salmon which was very good.  My mom had the Pad Thai which she said was very nice because it wasn't oily. 
Additionally, the price is right. I will definitely be back.So my friend and I were walking around Rittenhouse on a weekday night looking for food options, and this cute establishment beckoned us to come in!! We were seated quickly, but after that the service was mediocre even though there wasn't much of a crowd! 
We got the crispy spring rolls to share, and they were A-OK and lacked seasoning! For mains, I got the green curry with veggies and tofu and they were definitely not worth the price I paid for it!! I mean, I had no leftovers, one thing that always happens to me at Thai restaurants as the portions are generous!
Overall, this place  needs an uplift with regards to their seasoning and portion size to make a stronger mark in the culinary world of Rittenhouse Square!We just left after enjoying an amazing lunch! Chicken shrimp fried rice and chicken stir fry! Mindy was sweet and was very attentitive. Plus the entire menu and Thai tea was the best!Excellent pad Thai! Delicious Thai iced tea, definitely recommend. Very small space, doubt they can accommodate more than 6 in a table. Nice people, slow waiters.Yes this is a Thai restaurant that actually serves Jasmine Rice! And yet again like the other restaurants in downtown Philadelphia, this place was BYOB with NO uncorking fee! It was a nice little place but the seating was pretty condensed and could probably sit about 35-50 people.  It was hot outside and they had an AC but I didn't feel like it was working too well.  The service was excellent with the waiters coming around every 5-10 minutes and they were very friendly and helpful when it came to recommendations.  We got the green curry, the jasmine rice and it was delicious.  The best part is that they have one to four chiles for spiciness and then they have another option: thai spicy.  I ordered two spiciness and then asked for how spicy is thai spicy.  He brought out some chopped chiles and I had a little and it was pretty spicy.  I love spicy food so I didn't think it was diabolical spicy but it did have a nice kick.  I thought the food was excellent.  It was rich, full of flavor, and all of the curries had that coconut sweetness with that thai spiciness that makes thai food so delicious.  I enjoyed the ambience and the service, and I would enjoy returning to this restaurant if I'm ever back in the area.I absolutely love the chrispy duck fried rice. Not sure if there's a size difference between the lunch and dinner portions but even though it looks small, it filled me up pretty well.