Excellent Korean street food style that makes you wish you are back in Korea. 
Recommend
1) joo mok bab (rice balls). Both bulgogi and kimchee are very good. 
2) dduk pook gi (spicy version) was really spicy.  Made my head sweat. Paid the price the next day but def worth the pain. 
3) kim malee (noodles wrapped in seaweed and deep fried). 
Got to go back and have the rest of the menu.Can't get enough of their riceballs! Each serving comes with six balls of rice mixed with a filling of your choice (beef, kimchi, tuna) and covered with seaweed. My friends and I came after work and shared all three varieties and none of them disappointed. Bear in mind that these things are huge - 3 riceballs in and I was already full. 
I also enjoyed their fishcake soup which comes with free refills on the fishcake!
And while you're eating, you can watch whatever is playing on their 100" projection TV.Awesome food! Amazing service! Jason was so friendly and generous. Will definitely be back when I am in the area. I would highly recommend!it's always a fun time at cozy day!! 
this reminds me of pocha in NYC~ a very low key joint with the purpose of just bringing people together to enjoy some grub and catch up. 
not sure if they have an english menu.. but you can just go by the pictures on fb too.  dishes are party sized so it's perfect for sharing!  we had the rice balls and the oden (fish cake with udon noodles).  both were delicious and SUPER filing.  we had a group of 5-6 and that's all we ordered too! with left overs to bring home~
another popular choice is the yogurt soju!! my friend can't dine here w/o it! lol super tasty~ not sure if they have other flavors.  will check it out next time.
can't wait to return to cozyday to cozy with my friends!! :DService and food was amazing!
Tokpokki set came too late by the time we almost finished the meal& drink so couldn't finish them.
Other then that. Everything was GREAT!Best Korean Late Nite Food place in Philly. Need I say more? The rice balls are a must, and the Kimchi Jeonggol is the perfect centerpiece to your meal. Jason is the friendliest owner ever but the sad thing is it's hard to spot him here as he spends a lot of time at his newer restaurant in Wynnewood. Not only is this place a must to 'try.' It's a place to put on your list of 'regulars.'I have been here few times. A perfect place to chill with friends. If you are looking for good food and good people, this is the place where you can find them. The tuna rice ball is my favorite :)I was so excited to come to this place because of the unlimited odeng (fish cake with broth) for $20 deal - but alas, it is limited to $20 per 4 people (or at least we were charged 2 times for this for a party of 8). Still a great deal in my opinion - $5 for all you can eat odeng?
This place is a great place for drinks and eats (anju) in a really Korean environment. There is no menu like in a regular restaurant/bar, but the food items are listed in Korean on the wall. I would still recommend this place to non-Korean people, but warn that it'd be like going to an authentic Dim Sum place without a friend-guide to tell you what you should order. The ambiance lives up to its name - it is cozy, and the sole server (who I'm assuming is Jason) makes a pleasant host.
In terms of food and drink - there's no denying that this place is just old fashioned good. The odeng  ($20 for 4 people) comes with a soy sauce/scallion side, and is warming and the perfect munch on a cold night. We ordered the cheesy corn ($10), which was amazing, and now I'm wondering why I never just melted cheese on corn for dinner. We got hungry again, later in the night, and ordered the kimchi and tuna riceballs (forgetting the price), which were pretty good and extremely filling.
There's also karaoke in the basement - comes free of charge, but is first come first serve basis.
Disregarding the unlimited odeng, and the free karaoke, the prices are actually more similar to a night of drinking in ktown in NYC. Soju bottles are about $15 each. One thing that is not similar to a night in ktown/NYC is that smoking is allowed in doors (although I think limited to the basement), so if you're sitting next to the basement door like I was, you'll definitely get a hint of that cigarette second hand smoke that is banned in NYC. Definitely not conducive to increasing my appetite.
I would love to come back for that perfect combination of late night food and laid back drink, and even later night karaoke.Omg, this place is best day for chill and have a drink with friends. Probably one of the best place near cheltenham, better come here and get chill if you go to temple!I have no choice but to give this place 5 stars! I ran across this listing on yelp and thought it sounded like a change of pace. 
I arrived after 1am and  the place was packed! Atmosphere was lively, but a reasonable volume and the servers were attentive while being so busy. I'm not Korean, and couldn't tell you anything about the menu at first glance, but the pictures they show you are EXACTLY what comes to your table! I swear they just snapped a pic in the kitchen. 
The waiters took their time to go over the menu and answer questions. We settled down to some kimchi rice balls (delicious and unexpected!) And some ramen. The food is enough for two! With 2 drinks added the bill came to $28 bucks!! Seriously?! How can you complain about that!?? The guys helped us pick them out and even gave us pointers on how to eat. Dishing ramen with chopsticks is no easy feat! 
We were full when we left! We'll definitely be going back! I HIGHLY recommend!Great place to go to get some Korean street food and drinks with friends. 
Highly recommend Tuna Rice balls, cheese corn and unlimited fish cakes. Usually pretty open during the weekdays but the the weekend can get a bit packed after 9pm. For drinks they have your standard soju/mixes and rice wine.
Only complaint is that it is a bit out of the way and located in a seemingly sketchy area.Kimchi fried rice balls. Mmmmmm. 
I've been to Cozyday's three times, and while I love the atmosphere, the unlimited oden (fish cakes), and the soju/green tea mix, it's the rice balls that I come back for: they're meaty, moist, delicious, and covered in Korean seaweed. Oh man I want to go back. They also have tuna (good, but not as good) and beef (haven't tried them). 
They give you Yakult when you leave =]
(It's a tiny yogurty drink with a red peel back cap.)Great place with delicious food! Heard about this place through friends and finally decided to try it for myself. Upon entering, the ambience was exactly as mentioned; a nice cozy spot. Jason was so welcoming and provided us with great service. We ordered: rice balls, skewers, and the spicy gizzards. In addition, Jason let us try the fish cake soup! I was only with my boyfriend so this was way more than enough food for the two of us to share. I would definitely reorder the soup and rice balls. I would recommend going with at least four people and sharing! As mentioned in several reviews, I wasn't able to read the menu (since it's all in Korean), however Jason provided us with an online menu that was in English so going off of that and the pictures on the wall I saw a few things that I want to try out next time. We will definitely be revisiting.Come for the unlimited fish cake udon pot. Come with 4 people. Broth was tasty and service was prompt and efficient.This is the beat of the best place to enjoy a day in pa!!!!! You must try tuna rice ball and spicy rice cake and stir fried sausage and vegetables!!!! Come and try it. You wil love it!There are two aspects to a restaurant that are the primary objects of concern; food and service. To keep this review brief as well as informative, I'll say that the food was average compared the the other Korean establishments around the Cheltenham and Philadelphia area. 
The service is another thing. We were served by the owner Jason who was extremely rude and was not attentive even though we were the only group in the restaurant. He sat near the cash register in the back with a tablet and was seemingly watching a program or show on it the whole duration of our meal. He never came over to our table to ask if we needed any refills or other accomodations. One of us literally had to walk to the back of the restaurant where the cash register was every time we needed a napkin, an extra fork, more drinks or food, etc. It bothered me to the point where I left a 10% tip.
Before we had a chance to leave, he came up to our group and asked if we knew the general rules of tipping. He told us that 10% is an amount that servers receive if their service 'sucked.' I told him very knidly that we were disappointed with his service and from then he began to lecture us on restaurant etiquette. This is when I could not take it anymore. Our group walked out without hearing the remainder of his lecture and he proceeded to follow us out while still talking even with our backs turned to him. 
In a nutshell: hire a server or two because I don't think you know exactly how to be personable and accomodating.the server is hot :) my style
delicious food 
good mood 
great customer service 
My favorite kimchi soup 
I will come back for sure! 
Thank you for great service, see you soon!So this place is a little local dive joint across from where I work so with all the good reviews I thought I come in and give it a try and I'm glad I did. My friend and I came in around 7pm and the place was just getting open and we were shown to our table and were sat promptly. The gave us chilled bottled waters which was nice. We were then given a menu via tablet which was fine. So we ended up ordering the spicy  rice cakes, fried dumplings, and some of there famous Tuna Rice Balls. For the most part everything was great and delicious. The portion amount was pleasantly great, especially the rice balls  which were 6 ginormous sized! All the flavors were on point and overall it was great and even got some teriyaki chicken to-go for wifey. The spicy rice cakes (Tteok-bokki () was very tasty and the fried dumpling  were crispy and awesome. Overall this place is a must for late night cravings and being open late is great. The only thing I would say is it's kind of pricey for the area but not too bad. It's a good place to go with a few friends after work for some good grub and I do see myself going back in the future.This is my new favorite korean place. It's different. Haven't been to Korea in forever but everyone says this is food that you can get from street vendors in Korea. Had riceballs for the first time ever and LOVED it (both kimchi and tuna)- how creative? Cheese corn dish... so simple and you can make it at home.. but again so good. They have all you can eat odeng (fishcake) in soup (they keep a hot pot at the table and refill it with soup and odeng). And of course my favorite Dduk bok-ki (spicy rice cake) is really good there as well. It's basically a Korean bar so you can get beer and different girly cocktails which is my kinda place. ;) The neighborhood is kinda iffy (but that's just Philly too) so just be extra careful walking alone (it's the mom in me talking). ;) Can't wait to go back!Legit Korean food in Philly. Every dish was delicious and spicy. HUGE portions.  Bring friends. I went alone and was overwhelmed.yummy beef rice balls!!!! :D i really liked these rice balls! They've got the perfect amount of flavor even though majority of it is rice. I've had some at Myung gimbap and while it's decent, it's just incomparable with these. The spicy chicken with cheese was another great dish too. It was a tad more spicy than i expected. This is a pretty cool place to chill, have some soju and beer with some good korean food. It's a tad on the more expensive side, but it's a pretty unique Korean restaurant here in philly. Heard there's free karaoke here too as long as you order lots of food which is pretty cool! Will probably go for that next time =]We ordered kimchi riceballs, cheese corn, a spicy pork dish, and a sweet chicken dish with cheese.  
I was a fan of the Kimchi riceballs.  Rice was made well and seasoned with with the kimchi and i liked the added texture and taste that the seawood coating brought. 
I also enjoyed the cheese corn dish. It seems so simple.  Cheese with corn but I think there was an unfamiliar ingredient that really added to the dish. 
I wasn't a huge fan of the spicy pork or the chicken with cheese. 
Next time I go, I think I'd be satisfied with the riceballs and corn alone but I'd like to try some of the other dishes.Great customer service. Our server Jimmy, I believe, was great. I went for the first time with a group of of gal pals. The menu is posted up in Korean and, unfortunately for us, their english menu that was on a tablet wasn't working. HOWEVER, our server was super accommodating and friendly, making sure all the questions we had were answered about the menu. And at one point, basically translated the whole menu on the wall, for us. 
We ordered the AYCE fishcakes, tuna and beef rice balls, cheese and corn, and the spicy chicken. Everything was great especially the tuna rice balls. They were definitely a hit with us so I do recommend that one for sure.
Great experience and awesome food. Will definitely come back.This place is a beacon of light in a sea full of bloody shit. I've been there once. Spice is just right. I still can't get over how terrible the food in PA is. 
Place is a bit pricey. Be ready to dish out.
The neighborhood is supposedly dangerous but they didn't mess with me. Obviously because they were too intimidated with my massive guns.
You can smoke in there. \o/My favorite Korean hangout! 
Cozy's has the best selection of Korean bar food and the owner, Jason, always greets you with a smile and friendly service. 
I love cozy! Cozy for life.This place looks a little intimidating from outside plus the neighborhood isn't that great, BUT the food is very good and different from other Korean restaurants. Definitely come back to try more dishes that Jason offers.In all honesty, I don't think I've ever met a restaurant owner as genuine and hospitable as Jason! 
Everything from the food to the service all the way to how the restaurant was decorated was AMAZING. It was really nice to go with my Korean friends because they knew exactly what to order since the menu is on the wall, written in Korean. But no worries, there are pictures! 
My friends ordered the classic, odeng fishcake soup with udon noodles. It's $20 for unlimited for a party of 4, so you can eat as much of it as you want. We also had the joomukbap which are huge rice balls all covered in seaweed pieces. They come in many different flavors, but we had the tuna and beef bulgogi ones. Then, we had the Gyoza, deep-fried seaweed rolls, and finally the Tteokbokki (korean rice cakes) mixed with plain ramen noodles in a super spicy red sauce. We ordered so much food that we were extremely stuffed and satisfied by the end of it! My favorite of all was the cheesy corn. It was literally buttered corn with a whole bunch of perfectly melted cheese and every bite was worth it! 
I actually went with Christine who also wrote an amazing review for this place. Trust me, you will not be disappointed if you give this place a try for some well-made Korean street food!Great hangout spot for Korean bar / street food. Jason took care of serving the food the past 2 times I was there. He's very welcoming as if you were at his house and he was hosting a small get-together.
Get the kimchi rice balls! Gloves are provided. Use them!
Cheese corn! So, I like corn. Cheese is OK. But, put them together and something magical happens
BBQ platter is a good choice if you want to sample different skewers with a nice cold beer.
Don't forget to come hungry and order the fish cake udon! Where else do you get free refills on food?
Portions are generous. Bring a few friends.Are here a while ago but just recently started using yelp. The atmosphere is inviting if you don't mind that dive setting and the food was delicious. We got kimchi rice balls and the ramen and were highly satisfied.Let me break down the perfect Cozyday evening for y'all:
Order:
1. JOOMUKBAP (rice balls) - the FIRST thing you should ALWAYS order. These rice balls the size of your fist are packed with flavor (choice of kimchi, tuna, bulgogi; my fav is the kimchi) then coated with heavenly seaweed. So thoughtful Jason is, he already provides plastic gloves for you to wear so you can enjoy these in a peaceful clean mess! THANKS JASON.
2. Cheese corn - seasoned corn with ooey gooey cheesy deliciousness.
3. Odeng (fishcake soup) - UNLIMITED. WHAT. STAAAHP. JUST STAAAHP IT JASON.
4. Johnnie & Green Tea - I know you may be thinking huh? Wha? YES. Just order and a pitcher of ice will be provided for you where you mix dat Johnnie green tea concoction. Keep at it because it takes a certain number of attempts and skill to get that perfect ratio of Johnnie to green tea.
Do:
1. Leave your mark at the restaurant. Take a sharpie and graffiti yo presence on the walls of Jason's Cozydays- it's a nice personal touch and common to see in korean nightlife bars/NRB places.
2. SING YO HEART OUT. If you have a large enough party and are able to secure the tables downstairs, NRB is FREE. Now I know y'all are dying to bust out some NSYNC BSB SPICE GIRLS 90s gold.
I once bribed my friend to go down to Philly with me with the promise of Jason's Cozydays joomukbap. That's how legendary they are. GO and enjoy! I'm still working on saving enough money to invest in a Cozydays franchise in the Bergen County/NYC area ;)Located in a sketchy part of the neighborhood, the place looks a bit intimidating but don't let that prevent you from checking it out. Jason, the owner, is very sweet, friendly and accomodating. Most of the items on the menu is in Korean but don't be afraid to ask. It is a great place for late night hang out since the place opens until pretty late! The menu is written in korean on the wall along with pictures of the food. It would be great to go with korean friends since they can help you out with the menu but you can still go and enjoy the food there. The atmosphere is super chillax! Some of the popular items are kimchee rice ball, fish cake and cheesy corn. I would come back here again to try other items on the menu. There is also karaoke downstair in case you are in a mood to sing ;)So, so, so, so good.
I went for the first time last night, and my mind was blown. We only had a few things from the menu, but they were all amazing.
We started off with the fish cake soup - the broth and udon were delicious. I'm not normally a big fan of fish cake, but the texture and taste of the one in this soup turned me. Oh, and did I mention that it's bottomless?
We got the shrimp and octopus next - they were lightly fried, and unbelievable. It's hard to come by shrimp that enormous, or octopus perfectly prepared, but this place did it right.
Saved the best for last - kimchi rice balls. I think I now get how people feel/act after attending Burning Man, like they had this amazing experience that just can't be put into words. If you do nothing else with your life, get here and try these. 
Atmosphere was just like the name implies - cozy and intimate. The service is fast and friendly.  The bathroom is kinda cool too - LED lit faucet, and random Keith Haring stickers on the walls.Cozyday, you sure are cozy! The space is not big but I'd say it would fit around 40 people at a time? They also have a basement that can house larger groups, and they offer free karaoke down there! First come, first serve though. 
Their menu isn't extensive; the items lean more towards Korean street food. While the menu is in Korean, there are pictures for you to check out. Luckily, I came here with some Korean friends, so they knew exactly what to order.
1. To start off the meal, we ordered the Joomukbap. These are rice balls that are wrapped in seaweed flakes and filled with rice and your choice of kimchi, tuna, or bulgogi. The order comes with 8 rice balls, and we ordered half tuna and half bulgogi. Both are really great and packed with flavor but I definitely gravitated towards the bulgogi. So fun to eat also! Jason provides you with gloves so you can hold it and eat it cleanly. 
2. The next dish to come out was the cheese corn. I never knew cheese covered with corn could be so delicious! This was definitely my favorite dish of the night. Sweet, buttered corn with melted cheese on top...drools. It was so good, and we told Jason how much we loved it! Next thing we know, we were getting a second cheese corn on the house! Such a sweet guy Jason is!
3. My next favorite meal of the night was the odeng (fishcake soup) that came with udon. Best part is that it's $20 for unlimited fishcake soup! Not just for one person, but for the table (or a party of 4 as I've read in other reviews)! How awesome is that?! The soup came out on a mini gas stove, and the fishcakes were on skewers. Every time we finished one round of fishcakes, someone would come and give us some more, while adding in more soup. Not only was it a great deal, but it was also great in quality and flavor as well. 
4. Next to come out were the spicy Korean rice cakes (dukbokki..excuse my possibly butchered spelling). I can't handle spice too well, so I didn't try this dish. It was a ton of food though! 
5. Okay so we ordered a ton of food haha. Lastly, the gyoza and the deep-fried seaweed rolls filled with japchae or some form of clear vermicelli noodles came out. The deep-fried seaweed rolls are like Korean eggrolls. Great crunchy texture with a soft noodle filling. Nothing to complain about against these guys.
Our experience at Jason's Cozyday couldn't have been better. The service was great. Everyone working there is very friendly, and Jason defines the gold standard for a restaurant owner. We even got to leave our mark on his wall! If you're looking for a place to chill out with friends, eat some yummy Korean food, and be around great service, look no further! Jason's Cozyday is where it's at!Dish was awesome, good flavor, clean!
Suggest for hang out with friend. 
You could get lots of Korean food and drinksYelp won't let me post my review in korean so it deleted my whole heckin long review. But tl;dr: This is my favorite korean pub I've found in the US to date--what a find. Huge portions, great quality, perfect ambience, ideal mix of grungy vibes & clean facilities. Go here if you are at all able. Amazing food and service. I'm usually not keen on spending a ton anywhere but this place was 100% worth all the money. Make sure to be nice to the staff as they are 1. few hands on a lot of work and 2. some of the nicest I've met! I got the spicy rice cake combo (huge portions) + bulgogi rice balls (so so yummy my gosh) + stone pot udon fishcake soup. 20/10 would return & bring all my friends. Thank you for the delicious dinner (and today's lunch!)Food is great. Great spot to hang out with friends. Aerobics is decent but it's supposed to be cozy and for you to relax with friendsCame here with the gang gang one random week night and I'm sooo glad i did. The inside is pretty cute compared to how rough it is outside. It reminds me of a po-Jang-matcha in Korea but obviously indoors. We got the rice balls- tuna and kimchi flavor i prefer the tuna one. odeng soup with udon noodles - just like how umma makes it. Buldak w cheese- pretty good but on the sweeter side wish it was a little more spicier to compliment the cheese better. Cheese corn - can't go wrong. Bomb. 
Overall this place is really great to come with friends i wouldn't say this had family vibes. Can't wait to be back it was a good time.I love Jason's cozy day. Having lived for several years in north jersey and New York, I often find the korean food in philadelphia very disappointing. But Jason's is a lone beacon of hope in an otherwise dark,dark place. Yes, it's not a traditional restaurant, but Jason does korean snack/street foods so well! His unlimited odeng gook is awesome as are the rice balls. My personal fave is the tuna. The dukbokki is great and so is the cheese corn! Not only is the food great, but Jason is also a really nice guy who is always super pleasant. The norebang room downstairs is also an added bonus and a great place to sing your heart out with friends. All in all, a great place with really delicious food!Jason's Cozyday is a staple for me and my friends. We just went there again yesterday for a friend's birthday and food was delicious as usual and the service on point. Their seafood udon noodles and rice balls are my favorite from the menu. I've been to several places that serve Korean rice balls and nobody compares to the quality at Jason's. They have a new flavor, beef rice balls.  The owner Jason is very pleasant to be around and always makes customers feel like they are at home.
Some food recommendations:
1) Rice Balls (Tuna, Kimchi, Beef)
2) Dduk bok gi (Warning: spicy)
3) Seafood Udon Noodles (Warning: spicy)
4) Kim Malee (Fried)
5) Unlimited fish cake soupAt first I was skeptical going this far up into north Philly just for some Odeng and Soju, but now I have seen the light and it is delicious.
This place is great for bringing a group of friends for food and drinks, it is family style where everyone shares from bowls/plates.
The main attraction: Odeng (Fish Cake Soup)
First off, it's all you can eat, which is awesome, especially when you're sharing with a group.
It comes out in a big bowl on a mini stove to keep the broth and ingredients hot.
It has a clear broth, which is very soothing, pairs nicely with soju.  The udon noodles are nicely thick and chewy.  The fish cakes come on little skewers you can munch on while your drink.
My favorite are the Tuna Rice Balls, it's basically tuna sashimi covered in rice and seaweed rolled into a ball, if you've ever had Onigiri it is very similar.  The balls are about the size of your fist and contain ample amounts of tuna in every bite.
We also ordered the Spicy Chicken Cheese, which is also very good drinking food.  The cheese is ooey gooey when you pull up a piece of chicken with your chopsticks.  The cheese helps mellow/balance out the spiciness of the chicken.
The service here is also phenomenal, the waiter was constantly refilling our Odeng and bringing our group drinks left and right.
I can foresee this place becoming one of my go to Korean spots in the city for future times to come.This place never disappoints. It is amazing how good their food is. Also the service is outstanding.  My man Jimmy is hustlin out here giving out the best service he could provide. Hands down probably the best  looking Korean guy in Philadelphia. I mean this man knows how to werk his magic. He is the type of guy you get comfortable with in matter of sharing few words. You get to enjoy your food, drinks and the vibe Jimmy brings to your table. 10/10 would recommend to anyone.Staying in Center City for an event, but decided to go out of the way to give Jason's Cozyday a try based on the reviews. Boy, were my friend and I happy we did that! Relaxed atmosphere (not rushed like at some Korean BBQ places in NYC), friendly and attentive service. Nice mix of recent and old(-ish) K-Pop playing in the background. And the food was just WOW. Had the kimchi rice balls, cheese corn and the fish cake soup (ask for gochujang on the side) and, of course, soju. Definitely will be back next time I'm in Philly.  !I have been reading about this place for awhile but failed to try it. Most of my friends who live in the Northeast prefer Cafe soho for late night Koreans and we would always go there.
I finally got the chance to try Jason's cozy day the other night. The location looks rather shady from the outside but once you're in, it's pretty awesome. You get the feeling of walking into a late night bar somewhere in Asia, you're instantly transported out of Philly. There are pictures of the menu on the walls with a lot of Korean writings. Our server was terrific, since there was no menu and we had to order off pictures on the wall, he was very thorough with explanations and recommendations.
We ended up ordering their famous rice balls, we had the tuna and beef variety. We also ordered spicy chicken on a fajita plate top with baked cheese. Honestly, I thought it was the weirdest thing when he explained it to me, Korean chicken with cheese? Turns out however, that it's my new favorite dish. The chicken were tenders and cooked in this sweet and spicy sauce with white onions then top with cheese baked on a fajita plate until all the flavors married together.
Our rice balls were equally delicious, and huge! Our server told us that the tuna was going to be raw so I was skeptical since I'm usually not a raw food fan. I actually ended up liking the tuna more, it is quite flavorful. Overall, it was a very chill experience. I would definitely come back again.This place = a super HOLE IN THE WALL. 
Super easy to miss, which is so sad because you DO NOT want to miss out on this place. Granted, it is not in a nice area, it looks very rundown, but the food - simply put, amazing. I've been here several times, and the place is called Cozyday which is exactly what it has - Korean comfort food. This place is designed for groups, big platters to share, and plenty of food to go around. The portions are huge and not meant to be eaten by one person, unless you happen to be ambitious. 
My absolute favorite thing to order and the very thing I would drive 30 min just to go get, is the TUNA SEAWEED BALLS. I've tried the kimchi, its good but not as good as the Tuna. It's got a slightly sweet exterior with perfectly cooked moist rice on the inside and tuna bits all around. They are HUGE and they come in 6 pieces per order. Also another favorite of mine is the spicy seafood udon and the udon soup. Spicy seafood udon is a perfect blend of spicy and sweet, SO MUCH SEAFOOD, it's got shrimp, mini scallops, squid, mussels, and veggies, it's great. The udon soup with fishcake is UNLIMITED and they keep refilling to your heart's desire, also perfect for big groups.
This place opens late, and closes late for late night cravings and hungers. Highly recommend, and I will definitely be a regular here!I'm always on the hunt for comfort food...especially if it involves melty cheese. 
Upon arrival, I noticed that this place was not in the safest neighborhood. So definitely be wary about that. Otherwise, the food was so good!
My boyfriend and I ordered 3 things: the tuna rice balls and bulgogi rice balls [came as one portion], seafood udon, and corn w/ cheese. The portions were definitely larger than expected so I would definitely recommend coming here with multiple people since everything's shareable. 
The rice balls were so satisfying but we agreed that the TUNA rice balls were so so much better than the bulgogi. [the rice balls comes in 3 different options: kimchi, tuna, and bulgogi & you can only choose a combo of 2 flavors]. The seafood udon was perfect & at first glance, it looks super spicy, but it's not at all. As for the corn with cheese...well, if you love corn & satisfying cheese pulls, you're in for a treat!
Definitely worth it & I'm coming back!Hands down one of my favorite Korean spots in Cheltenham! It's a hole in the wall type of place, but 100% worth visiting. They sell amazing Korean street food here. They come in shareable portions so definitely come here with a group so you can try more items out -- it'll be too pricey and limited (probably 2 dishes max) if you only come with one person! 
I highly recommend the fish cakes with udon and corn cheese. The former is $20 and unlimited ~ the latter is grilled corn but the sweet glaze and mozerella over it is unbeatable in taste. I literally come to this spot just for that one dish sometimes! 
Great atmosphere for groups and game nights.This is probably one of my favorite hidden gems in North Philly. Food is delicious. A bit pricey but it's worth for how delicious the food is. Customer service is on point. Definitely will go again!Delicious rice balls and clam soup! My brother and I also enjoyed the atmosphere immensely.Favorite cozy place in philly, favorite korean pocha in Philadelphia. I wish the building could fit more people since it's pretty small but it's def nice and cozy in there. The food is pricey but not like unfair. My go to are the rice balls(tunas the best in my opinion) and the fish cake udon soup since fish cake is unlimited!One of the best Korean restaurants in the city!  Owner is so gracious and the food is just as good as what you would expect in Korea especially when alcohol is involved. We have a great time every time we're here.Not what you expect in most Korean restaurant. It is in a rough neighborhood in Philly. My daughter has been here with her friends and love it. 
The offer different dishes in various price range ($10, $15, $20, $25 &$35)
We ordered Corn Cheese, Tuna Rice Ball, Chicken with Donkatsu Sauce, and Fried Dries Seaweed Vegetable-Meat Wrap.  
Overall, the food tasted great but they are sort of pricy. The Corncheese has an unique flavor, it gets overwhelmed after several bites. If the portion is reduced in half, that will be great. The Rice Ball and Chicken are great and highly recommended to try them. Seaweed wrap is okay, needs more flavoring.This used to be the places I would want to even if I had to drive half an hour. BUT, the rice balls, which are my favorite, seems to have gone downhill. Before, the tuna is stuffed in the rice, which you can see and taste from. But now, there is 99% rice and little tuna and seaweed bits. Very disappointing, given that is 10 dollars for rice basically.Tucked away in an area of Philly not known to tourists and in a rougher side of the city, it emerges this place, a cozy and slightly dimmed restaurant that has a feel of a karaoke room filled with k pop and pictures of food hanging on the wall
Now you ask why come here, it's for the ambiance and street style korean food
We got the budae jigae along with cheese corn and cheese chicken. Everything came out piping out and that's how you gotta have it. 
Ordered two bottles of soju cause you can't eat korean without it. 
If you're around the area, it's fun to hang out with friendsI had a girls night out with my housemates. We ordered three dishes and waited for about half an hour for food that was tasty, but not hot for the time it took to make it. Service could have been better and the food warmer, but it was still a nice time and the environment was casual and fun for us.For starters the service here was great. The waiter was very attentive and friendly. I didn't know what to expect when I walked in, but it turned out to be a great spot for a relaxed night out. 
We ordered the Fish Cake Soup w/ Udon, Tuna Rice Balls, Squid, and Cheese and Chicken-- so good! The saltiness from the broth and combination of the fish cakes were great! Don't get me started on the Tuna balls. Imagine a huge spicy tuna on crack. I didn't try the cheese and chicken, but my friends said it was perfect while hot and gooey. 
I would definitely go back to try more of the menu! If you're looking for a low key night with delicious food.. this is the place.I love this place. Delicious food and come good friends. Its a great place to eat and hang out.This was more like korean fusion to me. Food was okay, a little americanized. Prize was average for Korean. Service was ass.Tuna balls, they look kinda funky from the photos but really good with the sweet nori. It is most definatley cozy and glad we went a little early as it filled up quick. Great place to share and try everything!Authentic Korean food, great service, cozy environment, and handsome owner, Jimmy! He's very polite and responsive. I aways enjoy being here, especially when Jimmy's here :-) plus Jimmy gives you free drinks whenever he's feeling lucky, so go ahead and plan your visit today!Not in the best neighborhood hole in the wall place.. But once you step foot in the place, you forget all of that... My korean friends brought us here and ordered away... I have no clue what they ordered, but everything was amazing. The owner was super laid back cool and friendly. The food just kept coming, people kept coming in. It was a completely different experience.. The menu is on the wall but in korean. They do have pictures also. I highly recommend coming here with korean people.
And it's ok to ask for that sharpie to leave your mark on the wall, i did =)This place has got me RAVING. Only got four things but I need to split into two posts, beat with me.  Jason's Cozyday on 430 W Chew Ave the type of love you need in your life. I went here for the first time on a Saturday and it was on my mind so much that I needed to go again just three days later.  And the first time I went on Saturday, I was already hella full yet I couldn't stop eating because everything was THAT GOOD. 
It's kind of a shady location but once you step inside and sit down, it really is a cozy feel.  super low key, hole in the wall type of place. Ok, let's dive in. 
I've been wanting to try corn cheese for a long time now and this was a FANTASTIC FIRST EXPERIENCE. Corn comes out sizzling with beautiful ooey, gooey cheese that make makes for the most satisfying and stretchy cheese pull you can ask for. Classic mozzarella. The corn is grilled and must be topped with some sweet glaze which really pairs nicely with the the cheese. Be warned though, this is highly decadent and covered in butter - so don't even bother if you're gonna be health conscious
Next is the chicken covered in donkatsu sauce and cheese MMM. Perfectly made, moist chicken bites (no bones) and a donkatsu sauce that's basically a sweet, much more toned down version of a teriyaki sauce, and another dish covered with delectable cheese. 10/10 would recommend and get again. 
rice balls come in three different flavors - tuna, beef/bugolgi, and kim chi. I've tried all three and my personal fav is the bugolgi tbh. I like the sweetness it has and you can see the meat spread throughout the ball. All of them are VERY savory and creamy - most likely from mayo. Sure to fill you up but sO good. Honeslty, no matter which you get, they're all good. The kimchi one tastes even better the next day ;) and the tuna is a store favorite so regardless of which ones you'll be satisfied. You can either get a plate of 6 balls, one flavor for 10$ or a combo plate of 2 flavors, 4 balls each for 15. Very worth and make great leftovers
Lastly, the unlimited odeng! Fishcake skewers!!! This comes out kind of hotspot style and you get unlimited refills of fish cakes and broth. The udon is a great touch. I don't know what it is about the odeng, but I feel like when I eat it, it makes room for more food in my belly to eat other foods haha. A palate cleanser of sorts? Anyways, I think this is a great addition to your meal for constant refills of fish cakes and broth, and compared to everything else that was in this meal, it was extremely light and not as savory or decadent so it gives a good balance. 
Overall, like most Korean places, this spot is a bit more on the pricey side. But I think with certain dishes you can get a lot and it becomes worth it.  Also, the leftovers are banging. Def would recommend coming with a few people to try more variety and for the price to even out a bit. In any case, I'm in love and I'm looking forward to my next visit soon!!!!!food here is really good! got the rice balls (tuna and kimchi. highly recommend. it has sweet nori too to balance out the saltiness. and they are HUGE), the fishcake and udon soup (you can ask for more broth and fishcake if you want), cheese chicken (in a spicy sauce covered in mozzarella cheese), spicy rice cakes (the dish is huge, very filling), and fried seaweed vermicelli noodle rolls.
if you order soju, it will be a night that never ends!