I am sort of a sushi snob. 
I'm going to be honest. This was literally the worst sushi Ive ever had.  It was warm... WARM! (and NO! it wasn't tempura).
I also paid $3 for a side salad which was literally iceberg lettuce. 
Nope... no spring mix...no romaine...no iceberg with slivers of carrots or even purple cabbage... LITERALLY just iceberg. I was puzzled and then angry and then i had to smirk and whisper, "well played my friend... well played".
I will never be back..
Check and Mate.They have combination deals that make rolls and sushi super cheap! The rolls are definitely on the smaller side, so you'll need to order up on the combination deal if you want to get full. Sashimi was actually more fresh than I thought it would be, considering the price! 
Also, the joint is sort of small, and the service is slow, but the place is BYO, so you can just head downstairs and bring up some beers while you're waiting.While en route to see a friend perform at the Raven Lounge, I decided to pick up some sushi to go since said bar does not serve food.  The place itself is small, but the atmosphere is great for lunch or early dinner if you have time to sit down and eat there.  They also offer a special if you buy two or three rolls from the same list.  Their special rolls are great too--I had the American Dream roll (which had mango on the outside with spicy salmon, yellowtail, tuna, and tobiko (tiny fish roe)) and a regular shrimp tempura roll.  I will definitely come back again when I have time to eat in!Jay's is my favorite place to get sushi take-out in center city.  As far as the 3 rolls for $xx.xx deals go (there are many in the area), I've tried quite a few and this is my favorite due to the price, quality, and unique selection.  They have rolls I haven't seen anywhere else.  I haven't tried the other menu selections at Jay's, so this review is based only on that.  If you want to eat in, it's not fancy and a little cramped, but everyone was very friendly and the sushi was still good.  For now, it's my #1 take-out place (I suppose Vic would be #2, for reference).  For the fancy sushi experience, I recommend Umai Umai.I love Jay's!!   It's affordable, they deliver, and it's really good, creative sushi!  Plus, the eggplant lady thing is amazing! Yes, it's true, they are not fluent in english but they know enough to take your order, and they are super friendly. I even like this place better than some of the big name sushi places!  I highly recommend!!Stopped in for lunch a few weeks ago.  We ordered the 2-roll lunch special, but ended up getting brought the wrong rolls... twice.  When we finally got our correct order, the rolls were small and pretty sub-par. They get a second star because they let us keep the rolls that they served us by mistake, but I won't be back.Sometimes a girl just needs a burger even though a steak might taste better.  This is my burger sushi, it's cheap, simple, tasty, and filling.  I came here on a weekday night with a couple of my friends.  We were the only people there at 8:00PM, but the small space soon filled with people ordering out and diners on their dates.  There's nothing fancy about this place, which keeps the price low, but the continuous takeout keeps the fish fresh.  
Although the takeout orders got first priority, after a bit of a wait, we finally got our 3-roll specials.  At $10.25, these 8-piece rolls were a decent size, yummy, and very filling. 
I'll try some nigri next time and expand outside of the three-roll special.  But based on the foundation of a good/cheap sushi relationship, I can see Jay and me going far.Well, I said I hope they continue to serve good sushi ... and they let me down tonight: spicy tuna roll with not much spicy nor much tuna-y flavor and a sweet potato tempura roll with mostly raw sweet potato.  First Vic's goes down hill (post sale) and now Jay's is sliding???  Sigh...I first tried the sushi at a friends party a few weeks back and since that time I have been craving more. I went to pick up my Spicy Tuna and C. Fire role today and I couldnt stop eating. It was so good, temp was perfect, and flavor just made it all melt in my mouth. As a sushi fanatic and one that will drive out of the way for some good food, I was overly impressed with Jay's. Its def my favorite and I hope you will try it too. YUMMY....Looks like they shut down. I'm sad, they were a good choice after Bikram Yoga for me.A great little place to eat in and the only sushi place to order delivery from. Their spicy tuna and salmon rolls are excellent. Avocado is always creamy and on point.The 3 rolls for $10.25 is a great deal. I got it for take out, the staff was friendly and quickly prepared the rolls. It was a lot of food for the price, and I'm glad that the deal is all day rather than just the lunch crowd. I ordered the lobster roll (similar to spicy salmon without the spicy), spicy tuna, and an alaskian roll (salman, cucumber, avocado). All were good, especially the price. I would definitely and probably will go back soon.I pass this place when I go and get my pedicure at Young's Nails.  I finally went in and man, I'm sorry I didn't go here sooner!!!  The sushi is OUT OF THIS WORLD!!  THE best sushi I've ever eaten!!!!!Watch out, kids.  There's a new sushi bully on the block.  I had sushi from Sakana several months ago, and it was good.  When I heard the ownership had changed, I jumped to test it out.  Who was Jay?  Did I care what his favorite sushi bar was?  The first night I was pleasantly surprised.   I ordered again two nights later.  It tasted better.  Tonight was my sixth order over the past few weeks, and I sit at my computer with the taste of the sea lingering on my palate.  The seaweed salad was fine, as was the soup, but it is with the quality of the fish, the deft touch of the gentlemen behind the bar and its incredible value that make this a five star restaurant.  The sashimi platter brought ruby-fleshed tuna, at perfect temperature, along side yellowtail snapper so rich I felt like I had my tongue in a vat of butter.  Albacore, or white tuna, at its worst takes like salt and a piece of turkey that's five days past its prime.  At its best, its pure flavor, creamy and savory with a touch of umami, can elevate the tongue through the stratosphere.  At Jay's Favorite, it is fish in its prime.  As is the salmon.  It tastes so fresh, I feel like I could be eating on some boat in Alaska where it was caught minutes before.  It may be farmed.  I don't know.  It tastes fantastic, though.  There is crab stick on the plate as well.  I happen to like this, though I have never seen it before on a sashimi plate.  The yellowtail roll I ordered was well made.  The rice was very good; and again, the fish was as delicate as a young flower, certainly feeling the savory sting of the chopped scallions but able to hold her own, creating perfect harmony within the walls of seaweed.  I rounded out my order with with 2 pieces of wasabi tobiko sushi. (I had ordered mackerel nigiri in the past, the fish demonstrating the perfect ratio of vinegary tang and oils.)  The wasabi tobiko was the weak point of the night owning to its surprising lack of horseradish bite.  When I eat a heap of wasabi tobiko, I want my nose to run and my brain to release a surge of endorphins because it is so hot.  I didn't feel any of that.   Still, the meal as whole is easily 5-star worthy.  I would pay Chestnut street prices for sushi this good.  Yet I don't have to, as Jay also knows his value.  There are a ton of special rolls on the menu, yet I have not indulged.  Alas, I wrestle with a full-sized spare tire, the only redeeming feature of which is it draws attention away from my several chins.  However, the deep-fried, tempura flaked,  cream cheese stuffed bites of heaven may prove more than I can resist.Need to change the photo title
I have been here twice. It's a small place.  Take out one time and delivery one time.  Great reasonable priced sushi.  Some sushi has too much mayo and too creamy.    Pick 3 sushi special is a great deal.  Friendly staff. Some can't speak English well.  I will be going back soon. May be dine in this time.This place use to be good but the last couple times I have ordered take out it has taken forever. They seem to have gone down hill with service and food. The sushi was mediocre. It seems like a good deal but it's really not.
 If you want a good, cheap sushi experience in center city, grab Misora Express (cheap and really good) to go and then eat it at the roof garden at the Kimmell Center.I gave this place four stars (even though quality wise it probably deserves a 3) just because I have a special place in my heart for the lunch runs we did here when I worked at the travel agency around the corner. It's not-the-best-omg-amazing sushi, but it is solid, edible, and cheap. Also, it's BYOB but I don't recommend this place for a cozy, intimate BYOB dinner night with your S.O. It's more of a "get boozy with your girlfriends post-work dinner" or boozy lunch with co-workers kind of place, as the inside is not super nice, and the tables are kind of rickety. But the staff are so, so friendly and accommodating.Jay's is the definition of the hole in the wall sushi joint.  And in my opinion it's a five star hole in the wall sushi joint.  I am not an expert but I love sushi and I find myself coming here for lunch any time I'm in the area.  The sushi is really tasty, the price is right, it's quiet, and the guys that run the place are friendly.This was some of the best and freshest tasting sushi I have ever had! The selection of specialty sushi rolls was larger than most places I've been to, the portions were decently sized, and I must say the roll naming convention was rather unique/entertaining as well. Of the several rolls I have tried so far, I must say that the Philadelphia Eagles sushi roll is the best! I will definitely be eating here again.I loved this place. I met a friend for lunch who works in center city. I wanted sushi so we picked the place because it was close to her office. We got the 36 piece combo to share. It had both a "Tuna Lovers" roll and a spicy tuna roll. I wouldn't normally order these ala carte, but omg they rocked. I've never had a spicy tuna roll like it. If I'm downtown again I'm going back there.Sushi was really good and great for the price. One of the better places in philly for sushi delivery. If your hesitant you should do it.3 stars only because the service was horrible. The restaurant was empty, & the waitress barely paid us any attention. I had asked for no cucumber in my sushi, yet there was still cucumber in my sushi. Me & my sister had ordered the kani salad, 2 miso soups, the lobster/avocado roll, a philadelphia roll, & the spicy crab roll. The kani salad was amazing! It was so good. I would go back just for the kani salad. Sushi was standard, so was the miso soup. I had expected more from the spicy crab roll, but it was just the imitation crab wrapped in seaweed, no spice at all. I had also ordered the tamago sushi but never received it. When the bill came, lo & behold there was the tamago sushi still on the bill. I had to walk to the back of the restaurant, where all of the employees were chilling & eating at a table. Our water was not refilled until the check came, nor were we checked on. They were happy to take the tamago off the bill, but offered no apologies. I had expected more from Jay's, but all I got was bad service & sub-par sushi.
On a good note, the bill only totaled $24.00. Very cheap for 3 rolls, 2 miso soups, 2 sodas & a kani salad.The reason to go to this place? The three roll special for $10. Any other reason? Not really. I was in the neighborhood so I stopped here for sushi but I would never go out of my way to go back to this place. The rolls were very small, were not very fresh, and a few were falling apart as I picked them up. I did however have an avocado salad which was delicious. Basically, it wasn't awful, it's just that there are plenty of better sushi restaurants in Philly.What can I say? If you're in a rush for sushi this is a quick and easy place to stop by. It won't be "amazing" like the fancier places but it does the trick. I would say it ranges from slightly below average to slightly above average. The staff is friendly and the seating is limited.
What I got:
Tuna Love Roll ($10.95)
spicy tuna, tempura flake, topped with tuna, masago, scallion & spicy sauce
Choroshi's Fire Roll ($10.25)
shrimp tempura, avocado, and spicy tuna on top with spicy mayo and crunchy
Seaweed Salad ($3)
Don't Ask Me Again Roll ($7.95)
tuna, salmon, white fish, crab, avocado, make tempura, spicy sauce, masago
Romantic Roll ($12.95)
spicy tuna, white tuna, tuna, avocado, pineapple, masago, wrapped in soy paper and spicy sauce
The hot tea was good, it was a rice tea. The seaweed salad was ok, I've had better. It was thick and a bit too cold. I would rank the sushi from favorite to least as: choroshi's fire, tuna love, don't ask me again, romantic. The sushi was "good" but not in the realm of "great".  2.5 stars.I have been on a quest to find the best sushi in the city for months (for a reasonable price), and I think that quest may be over now.  There are a ton of options on the menu, and the prices are pretty low. They even had deep fried options that my boyfriend loved, although he "does not like sushi" as a rule. I ordered the Spicy Tuna Sandwich, which was amazing. Another in our party asked for custom-made rolls, and the waiter and chef were happy to oblige. Service was great, food was fantastic, prices were good, and byob is always a plus.I haven't been here in years, and a couple of weeks ago I decided to give it another try, since I had once praised it so highly. 
The salad was iceberg and nothing else. That creamy ginger dressing I once loved? Too heavy and too mayo like. 
The sushi was fine. It was edible and I didn't get sick. However, I'd rather eat at other places in the city. It's good on a budget, I suppose.Back when I went to Jay's I had no idea Philly had so many greater sushi restaurants.
Went in with my girlfriend, the location is quite small. The service was slow and the prices questionable for the quality. We ordered 3 rolls: Black Dragon (5/10), Romantic(6.5/10), and Spicy Tuna(3/10). Nothing to write home about.
I truly hope that since then, Jay's Favorite Sushi has picked up its act and started to produce some higher quality sushi. The location is really prime and I'm always in support of a sushi establishments survival.I ordered through seemless web and it took over an hour. Confirmation email said 30-45 min. I would have been ok with it taking a little longer, if it was actually good. Shumai was cold and the dipping sauce was very thick with a spicy flavor. Green salad was iceberg lettuce with a few cucumber shreds and a fair to poor ginger dressing.  Shrimp tempura roll tasted like it was made 2 days ago. I don't think I will be ordering from here again any time soon.This might be Jay's Favorite, but it's certainly not mine.  The fish is reasonably fresh and it's reasonably priced (3 for $10.25), but you get what you pay for in terms for fish quantity.  If you're desperate for cheap sushi with free delivery, it's an option, but I'd look for a quality sushi experience elsewhere.So far, my new favorite sushi place! The rolls I picked up were fantastic...fresh, tasty and creative.  Lots of great combinations to choose from and decent prices; there are only a couple of tables so consider take-out if you're feeding a crowd.  Also, the staff there is really friendly and helpful - even rushing to pick me up when I missed the chair and crashed to the floor (oh, how I wish I were kidding!) - and obliging in every way.  I hope Jay's continues to serve up great sushi and that folks keep them in business for a long time to come!Came here for the first time about a week ago and was so happy with what we got we ordered through Grub Hub again over the weekend.
I know sushi snobs are usually afraid of places with good deals and that are not Japanese-owned, but we were pleasantly surprised with the quality of the fish, and their rolls were also more than adequate. 
When we ordered through Grub Hub, the menu options were a little different from the menu we were given in the restaurant. The sashimi combo available through Grub Hub turned out to be a better deal. In house I was able to get 12 pieces for 18 dollars, which is already a great deal for really fresh fish, but he also gave me double sets of salmon. I didn't mind it but I can certainly appreciate greater variety. Through Grub Hub I got a sashimi combo for 19 dollars that came with a big thing of miso and 15 pieces of fish. The size of the cuts are not all equal. The tuna was about half the size of the buttermilk fish, but overall I had a very satisfying-- big and fresh, meal.
The Boy always goes for the 3 roll special, and so far we have tried the alaska roll, eel cucumber, lobster avocado, philadelphia, salmon, and spicy tuna. Nothing was especially amiss or impressively done. Reliable quality is hard to get at bargain price. Short of some terrible decline in the quality of their raw fish or prepared rolls, this place will now be on regular rotation for sushi in a fix and on the cheap.Alright, let's just get something out of the way:
I really like sushi.
A lot.
Unfortunately, I'm cheap. 
Fortunately, there are a few places in CC that have some great (on paper) specials. 3 rolls for ~$10? OKAY!
Unfortunately, the rolls are usually tiny.
Fortunately, I like Jay's better than I like Vic. Vic's rolls are microscopic, while Jay's are just eensy. Plus, that Eggplant Lady thing is amaaaazing.
+1 star for not being Vic!Amazing price for what you get...not the best Sushi in Philadelpia- but absolutely the best bang for your buck for sushi.
Pro's
3 roll sushi combo for just under $11 dollars...love the Philly rolls, spicy tuna, american roll, ect.  8 pieces per roll.. the $11 dollars wor]th is a huge amount of food.
Tuna Lover Roll is amazing- spicy tuna, topped with tuna, with this delicious sauce that I wish came with every roll... I've only tried one thing from there that I didn't like...
Con's
- Do NOT order the Volcano Roll - I'm fairly certain I've never spit out a piece of food before with such disgust...also have never left Sushi un eaten...and I did just that...a baked roll? Why did I even order it?
- Hours are not what are listed- I've called multiple times when they should be open- where the phone just rings and rings. or gone on Allmenus to try and order thinking its because theyre busy and they are just randomly closed
- Delivery can take a while- but its free-  and the long delivery should be expected when their sole delivery man is riding a bike around center city....I prefer to pick up my order on my walk home and they have it waiting.This is a great lunch spot in Center City.  The sushi isn't the best I've ever had, but it's definitely good.  It's also reasonably priced.  I would get the spider roll consistently and have had a few of their other rolls.  Haven't had a bad experience yet.  I would recommend this place as a reasonably priced lunch spot with friendly service.I love this place for lunch! I work near city hall, so it's a quick walk for good sushi.  Their tuna pizza is the most amazing thing ever! I honestly go back just for that.  :)  Their other rolls were also good.  The only thing I did not like was the salad with ginger dressing, it seemed very mayonaise based instead of the usual fresh bright orange dressing.  That would be my only complaint.  Service was great and you can't beat the lunch prices!Let me begin with a disclaimer: I don't eat seafood.
That said, I cannot comment on any of the "real" sushi offerings at Jay's.  I do, however, eat their non-seafood rolls (avacado, sweet potato, fruit, etc) and salads.  Everything is always fresh, the space is very clean, the staff is very friendly, and the prices are very reasonable.
One quibble is that they don't have a "real" kitchen so anything hot is cooked in a toaster oven, which burns. So you'll smell like burnt oil/fish by the time you leave (hold off on going to Jay's until after your meeting).  Also they have a $10 credit card minimum. So bring cash, since it can be difficult to spend 10 bucks in this place.Delicious! Fresh tasting sushi & sashimi.  Definitely try the eggplant lady and jays special roll.  Prices are reasonable.  Clean. Cheap. Delicious.Jay's is one of the best deals in the city for a quick sushi lunch. Everything is made to order (no prepackaged boxes to chose from). Jay's has become a weekly staple in my lunch schedule. As others have said they allow you to pick 2 rolls from an extensive list for $7.95 or three rolls for $10.25. My go tos are: Hawaii roll, spicy tuna (with tempura flakes which is just the texture that the spicy tuna roll needs), shrimp tempura, and lobster avocado roll. Also, I would highly recommend the gyoza which is incredibly delicious and the ginger dressing on the salad is great.Another great, tiny little center city charm. The sushi was fresh and well presented. The server was sweet, and the whole staff waved and said goodbye as we left the restaurant! So nice, rarely does that ever happen in a busy sushi place.
One star down for the shabby decor... They could use a little work on their atmosphere! Dim those lights, paint the walls a deep, rich red, and incorporate some of that gorgeous japanese art. I love to be immersed in the culture of my food when I'm eating out.I ordered a simple combo of items from the Grubhub website today for lunch.  
I was pleased with the prices and with the quick delivery!   I enjoyed edamame ($2), seaweed salad ($3), salman-avacado roll ($5) and tuna roll ($4.25).  A nice healthy sushi lunch for $15 (plus tip) - delivered right to my office.  Yum!Jay's is my go-to for sushi delivery.  The 3-roll special is a great value, my other favorite is the Salmon Love roll.  One thing to note - they're usually way faster delivering than grubhub's estimate, I've often been surprised by the delivery getting to my door in half the time expected.  So on a busy week night with little time to spare, Jay's it is!Probably some of the BEST sushi I've ever had. Super fresh, great menu (definitely vegan/vegetarian friendly menu with plenty of yummy/different fish-free roll choices) and overall awesome food/service. My only reason for 4 stars and not 5 is because of the atmosphere, the place is definitely dated and needs a pretty remodeling job, but the quality of the food makes that easy to get past.Very not bad! The thing i like about sushi is that it is hard to F it up. Since there are only about 3 ingredients, the only real dynamic is the amount of food and the price. $11.07 with tax for 3 rolls of sushi is pretty damn good.  And these aren't just Calfornia rolls ladies and gentlemen, but Spicy Yellow Tail or Spicy Salmon or 10 other varieties. The roll size isn't the largest, but I don't feel like I am getting ripped off either. They are an okay size. I have eaten here twice and I wouldn't stand for the micro-roll chicanery.
Service was ehh.
I think my apartment living room is bigger than the size of the restaurant, so keep that in mind.
Oddly, this place doesn't appear to be open on weekends.
Food Quality/Taste = 4 Stars
Portion Size Given Price = 3 Stars
Price = 4 Stars
Service = 3 Stars
Experience with Staff = 3 Stars
Decor = 2 StarAgainst my better judgement, I stopped in to Jay's.  I always order spicy tuna handroll from every sushi spot I try, to gauge how good the place is.  Jay's, is not my favorite, to say the least.
The sushi is edible, but not tasty, and the only plus side was that it is reasonably priced and fast.  
Something upsetting was that I had seen the sushi man smoking a cigarette outside right after he made my roll..I hope he washed his hands!this place is a good quick, cheap sushi restaurant similar to viks or yamaki. if you come in with these expectations, you won't be disappointed. they have a good deal where you can get 2 rolls for $7-8 and 3 for $10-11. Free delivery too.
i love the salmon avocado here - it tastes really healthy and fresh, not too much rice to distract from the fish.  5 stars for this basic roll done right (its surprisingly unpleasant at many places).  but, beware that a lot of their rolls include little fried bits, which i don't really like. it is particularly weird for me that the spicy tuna roll has crispy fried bits in it. since i know that i really like the salmon avocado, i always stick to it.Great place to grab some inexpensive sushi. Sushi is typically good and fresh. Service is good. Small place. Not the most amazing sushi, but can't beat the prices.My second visit to Jay's left us completely unimpressed.  Yes, a good value, but the service was dismal. 
Not sure if it was a BAD day for Jay, but he threw the menus, chopsticks, and napkins down in a pile next to us after I sat down.  OK, thanks for the service.  He also asked us "Is that ALL you are going to order?"   We eventually ordered more, but most places let us chill and eat and decide our next move.   He hovered over us in a really bad way.  We were taking our time to eat and he kept trying to clear.  
The rolls were fine.  Not the best ever.  First time a month ago was better.  Sigh.  Guess I am on the hunt again.  2.5 star review which rounds up to 3 stars.they give you a crapload of fish for a good price, and the fancy rolls are deeelish.  the same roles would be twice the price at a nicer place.  if you dont want a lot of goopy sauces, tell them ahead of time.  they also might sometimes use msg because i got a headache once when i left.
all things considered, if you want a really casual byob to get a lot of snacky, savory sushi, check this place out.  don't get me wrong, it isn't like bland mall sushi.  it has a lot of flavor, it just doesn't seem upscale... maybe just because of the environment.
i wouldn't bring a date here, it doesn't have that kind of vibe.  it's super simplistic with stupid pictures on the walls and basic tables and chairs.  you can see them making your sushi, and that's the only atmospheric element to this place.  
anyway, i love itHate to do this but disclaimer: This is not a rating for the food. 
Rather, it's for their delivery service, or lack thereof. Hopefully I'll be able to try the food sometime to amend the review but in the meantime, I ordered some sushi via Seamless, but it never got to me. 
After about 40 minutes or so, Seamless contacted me to ask whether the restaurant got in touch with me via email or phone to confirm my order. Apparently Seamless had trouble contacting the restaurant and even called the manager's cell to see what the progress was with my order. No one answered which essentially amounted to my wasting about 2 hours of my time in an effort to order dinner. 
Get your act together Jay!I don't know that I can really say anything that hasn't been said in previous reviews...the previous are the reason that I dragged my co-workers with me for lunch today. I have relied heavily on the opinion of my peers in this city and needless to say, you all hit the nail on the head. The restaurant wasn't crowded for 1:00 on a Friday which I LOVE...we were able to get a table close to chef's station with no wait and it never once felt cramped...is it always like this?? 
$7.95 for two rolls that otherwise would have cost $13.00 is a steal especially when the ratio of rice to fish stays low and the fish is fresh. I spent some time this morning on Jay's website deciding what I would have and excitedly ordered a lobster avocado roll and an american roll. The american roll was yummm especially because there was eel sauce involved. I'm so glad that we decided on sushi instead of one of our standards like a sandwich or hitting up a cart because for the same price we are sold on a much higher standard lunch option...Jay's favorite is now MY favorite.I enjoy raw fish and seaweed as much, or more than, the next guy.  So when an officemate informed me that we were headed to a new sushi place for lunch, I was pretty excited.  I grew even more excited when I learned that it was reviewed favorably by Craig LaBan. 
I got the small maki and sushi combo, which comes with a California roll, six pieces of sushi and a Miso soup.  The sushi was good, but not great.  The soup was sub par.  It was much less sock-like than some of my other miso soup experiences in Philly restaurants (which will remain nameless), but after a few spoonfuls I really didn't feel like eating any more of it.Since my last review I've had some pretty awful sushi experiences at Jay's... the first time my sushi wasn't that fresh I decided to give them another try and hope I ordered on a VERY off night. 
the next time I ordered, the sushi was awful. It takes a lot for me to put down a meal and opt to find something else to eat, and this was one of those cases. The fish itself was awful. The quality has gone down tremendously, which I guess is why they can support their low prices.
Since then, I have found a new sushi delivery place.I visit here often enough to merit a discount, for the amount [such little] i drop here for a pleasant meal in or on the go. Quick and ample service is ready to greet, take your order, and deliver post-haste. Consistently good [good if simple] quality sushi for this Samson street Dive. I enjoy the "as you like roll", "sweet potato roll", and many of the other specialty rolls. The two/three roll special is the bang for your buck. However this may not be for the discerning "Chirashi" palette. For that still head to Zama [not to far] to satisfy your bowl of goodness craving.I returned to Jay's tonight - and this time I put them to the test.  I ordered the sushi/sashimi "pick 3" - and had Salmon sashimi (very good), Yellowtail nigiri (Good - but not orgasmic) and Ikura.
I am VERY picky about Ikura (- it has to be "poppin' fresh) and this was very, very fresh and good. BUT - I get the feeling not too many people order it.
I also reprised the fair Eggplant Lady (appetixer) and she deserves a starring role.  Jay accomodated me with very light on the sauce (both in the shrimp mixture and on top) and 2 lusciously crispy eggplant slices.
It was raining so the place was not crowded, but the delivery was HOPPIN'. (Yes, they deliver, thank goodness!)
Also Jay showed me several goreous salt-molds he makes to serve on the sushi platters.  (Kinda like ice sculpture - but made with molded salt.)
Martin was there, too.
Nice guys at the bar.
I can't wait to take my 5 year old and husband here.  They will love it.
Oh - and did I mention the pick 3 sahimi/sushi was $8.50?  What a deal - the items I ordered would have cost $15 a la carte!I have only ordered delivery from Jay's, and the food has always been consistent. I would give the restaurant 3 stars, because the rolls are all fairly small and don't have much fish in them, but $10.25 for three rolls at dinner is really a great deal and definitely makes up for it. They have also been very fast with all deliveries, and exceptionally friendly.
I would not recommend ordering single rolls due to their size, though they may make the non-3-roll-special rolls larger (I highly doubt it). Just stick to the great special, and order delivery if you want; it's free (plus tip of course)!Jay's Sushi is your typically little Japanese sushi hut, but they are delicious. They have a great deal for three rolls at around 10 dollars. The quality is good and I had no complaints.
Small. Simple. Delish. Byob.I am sorry, but no. Just, no. 
 Some of the worst sushi I have ever had. For this to be a sushi place in Center City, they have got to step it up. The place itself is a little junky looking, the staff is not very friendly and the sushi just did not seem fresh. When I go to a sushi place, I want the feeling of everything being pristine and I did not feel this when I visited this place. I still placed an order and I regret it. The sushi was not even ok....Seriously, 2 rolls for $7.95 is a ridiculously good lunch deal.  I've been here twice; the first time I had a spicy tuna roll and seaweed salad cucumber roll and shared a Christmas tree roll with my dining companion.  Everything was delicious, but the shrimp in the Christmas tree roll was not deveined and that is a big pet peeve of mine.  No biggy, though, I'll just steer clear of the shrimp.
The second time I had a yellowtail scallion roll - yum!  The sushi chef (Jay, I assume?!) was very pleasant on both trips.  The waiter, not so much.  Surly would best describe him.I watched. I watched quietly and from the confines of my seat at the sushi bar, while dismayed customers shifted back and forth from one foot to the other. A takeout order for a customer, our CM Michelle nonetheless, took almost the same amount of time to surface as my co-workers and my "meal" in-house...judging by her nonstop checking of the blackberry, she'd been there a good deal longer than we had. I snickered to my co-worker that I couldn't wait to read what she would write about her experience, I voted one star, clearly she was being generous. The last laugh was on us though, after the room started to clear of the business lunch rush, out came our two minuscule rolls. My co-worker is not a small guy, but typically a two-roll special will suffice us both...this was just absurd. The "lobster salad" roll consisted of pieces no bigger than the distal phalanx of my left thumb (my right thumb's bigger than my left) and the american roll was so sloppily made that it fell apart in transit from my soy sauce dish to my mouth. 
The waitress seemed a bit harried, I think she might have been the only one taking care of the lunch rush and there seemed to be some miscommunication between her and the sushi chefs as orders were questioned on more than one occasion in front of our faces. This waitress also had a bit of a problem with social interaction, namely that she was a bit too friendly. I like to have my personal space to myself, but she was all up in my face asking what drink I wanted and trying to take my order.
Maybe this was just an off day, but it seems like more and more reviews are falling from the 4-star+ category at an alarming rate. Come on Jay, why you have to do me like this? I thought I had found a solid sushi joint for a quick lunch, I am disappointed...shame on you.Still loving Jay's - it's my go-to sushi place in my neighborhood.  Beware though that I've noticed I need to ask about what is in the rolls that hasn't been listed on the menu.  I've noticed that tempura flake appear in many rolls where it isn't typically served that way, nor was it listed on the menu.  Just an FYI.  :)Awesome sushi.  What a great deal with their three or two roll deal! Yum. Very fresh. Love that it's small and intimate. Glad I finally tried it and thankful for other reviews I read below to help convince me. Yum! Cheap sushi - but so good.Definitely bang for your buck at this place! Three rolls for $10?! I mean it's not the best quality fish that's forsure,  but when you're getting three rolls for $10 and the fish isn't bad, then I can't really ask for anything more. 
It's a small shop, and the two men working there are so nice! I ordered the salmon avocado roll, the lobster avocado roll, and the spicy tuna roll. My friend ordered the salmon skin roll, the futomaki roll, and I forget the last one. All the rolls for the special deals are simple rolls, but they mix and match a lot so there are tons of rolls you could choose from. The service is quick! The food is a lot for $10 and it's decent. The fish isn't bad, and it does the job to satisfy your hunger that's for sure. This is definitely a quick sushi stop place. Cheap, good, and leaves you feeling full! No complaints here! Next time, I'll try their other rolls and items that are not part of the special deals.I ordered Jay's for delivery, as I am unable to leave work to pick up food, and 1 1/2 hrs. later I called wondering where it was.  Well, they mistook the order as pick up and insisted that I did not choose delivery - but my receipt said different.  It was clear to me that the sushi had been sitting out, for almost 2 hrs. at this point, and I was very disappointed.  The whole experience was less than ideal.  I thought that they would've given me a break on the price of the food, considering they had messed up and it didn't arrive until 2 hrs. after I initially ordered, but no such luck.  The sushi looked and smelled weird when it got here and, really, I wasted my $15.  :(Jay's is a Philly sushi staple. The prices really cant be beat. A 2-roll special for 8 bucks in town ?? in Rittenhouse, no less ?? Come. On !!  I will admit I do not venture into the fishier rolls, but the shrimp tempura roll is allthat, and the philly, boston and ny rolls are all tied for close seconds.  The staff is always friendly and accomodating. I am not sure what folks expect for inexpensive sushi located in a tiny walk-up.  Not a date spot really (i mean, depends on what you're into..), but perfect place for quick, easy, and filfilling lunch/ dinner eats..  Ive eaten here over 50 times and enjoyed (and by enjoyed, I mean i left full, satisfied, and w/o ever getting sick or anything of the like).. Oh and the spicy mayo is pretty good.  Not too spicy, just how I like it.. Anywhoo, Jay's is a fave.I've gotten take out from jays a few times. It's mediocre sushi at mediocre prices. They have a large menu and are accommodating with making substitutions but the quality of sushi is not the great. Let me explain...
I ordered a spicy tuna with brown rice, a speciality roll, dumplings, and a seaweed salad. Dumplings were alright. Both Sushi rolls were mushy... And not good melt-in-your-mouth mushy. I think soggy is a nice way to describe it. I was pretty grossed out, but hungry, so i finished my meal. Seaweed salad was watery.
I don't think ill order from there again. Vic is way better, sorry JayI am so glad I decided to try this place tonight. The staff was incredibly friendly. They asked my name and shook my hand, and asked me about my sushi tastes and preferences. They asked if I ever tried white tuna, and sliced two pieces for me, searing one of them so I could try it both ways. The sushi itself was awesome. The Today's Roll (shrimp tempura, crab, and avocado topped with tuna and salmon with sweet sauce and spicy sauce) looked gorgeous and tasted even better. The spicy tuna rolls were also excellent. Three "regular" rolls for $10.25 is a steal. They also deliver, and they're open on Sundays. I didn't get any, but they have a handful of veg options and soy paper. They totally won me over, and I will be back again and again.Cheap, crappy fish. Might not notice it when slathered in mayo. You won't pay much, but you probably won't really enjoy it either.The rolls are okay here. Nothing special, but not terrible either. The 3 rolls for $11 thing is nice, although they're on the small side. However, their sashimi IS terrible. 3 orders for $8.50, but I wouldn't eat it again if it were free. We got mackerel, which I normally love, but here it was super fishy and very clearly not fresh. The white tuna was funky as well, and not in a James Brown kind of way. It had a weird almost-but-not-quite-cooked consistency. The salmon was the only edible sashimi, but I've had better salmon sashimi at a Chinese buffet. 
The people were nice enough though, and for the casual, non-discriminatory sushi eater, the 3-roll deal isn't horrible. There is also more seating here than at Vic's, making it an okay place to BYO. 
Whoever Jay is, I don't think he's ever been to any other sushi bar. In fact, he probably doesn't even eat sushi.This is hands down one of my favorite (no pun intended) sushi spots in the city. They are inovative (jay's surprise appetizer, salmon pizza, tuna dumplings, christmas tree roll, tuna lover roll), they have great fresh fish, and fantastical prices. 
They have a 3 roll and 2 roll special much like vic, but are unfortunetly closed on mondays, but not 100% sure on that...
Plus its' right next to nodding head, so you can go get your tipsy sushi fix a few doors down, what could be better!hey jay's---two rolls for $7.95 at lunch is unbelievable. restaurant is v. small but not so busy during the day......i got a lobster avocado roll that was tasty, but i wasn't a huge fan of the crunchy tempura. my boyfriend ordered the american roll and that was very good. their spicy shrimp roll is a winner, much better than banana leaf's. 
will be going back. really, that lunch special is wild it's like 2-for-1.Just ok. Went for 2/3 roll special and ended up getting the 3 rolls for $10.25. I figured I could save some for later but they turned out to be pretty small. I also requested brown rice for which they told me they had to charge me .50 extra per roll. I hate it when places do this, rice is rice, and the extra charge is just more annoying to the customers than it's worth in my opinion. Anyway, the total came to $12.69 with tax which is a lot more than I usually spend for lunch. I wouldn't have minded if the food itself was amazing but it tasted kind of bland, and not super fresh. I don't think I will be going back.I returned to Jay's a few weeks ago - and this time I put them to the test.  I ordered the sushi/sashimi "pick 3" - and had Salmon sashimi (very good), Yellowtail nigiri (Good - but not orgasmic) and Ikura.
I am VERY picky about Ikura (- it has to be "poppin' fresh) and this was very, very fresh and good. BUT - I get the feeling not too many people order it.
I also reprised the fair Eggplant Lady (appetixer) and she deserves a starring role.  Jay accomodated me with very light on the sauce (both in the shrimp mixture and on top) and 2 lusciously crispy eggplant slices.
It was raining so the place was not crowded, but the delivery was HOPPIN'. (Yes, they deliver, thank goodness!)
Also Jay showed me several goreous salt-molds he makes to serve on the sushi platters.  (Kinda like ice sculpture - but made with molded salt.)
Martin was there, too.
Nice guys at the bar.
I can't wait to take my 5 year old and husband here.  They will love it.
Oh - and did I mention the pick 3 sahimi/sushi was $8.50?  What a deal - the items I ordered would have cost $15 a la carte!Okay in retrospect it did not warrant 4 stars. It was only preferred by virtue of its proximity. In the half year I've been nearly a mile away, I haven't gone back. Truth is there's plenty of cheap, fast (delivery), and tolerably well-executed even if basic (i.e. not stunningly fresh quality raw nigiri/sashimi, or highly innovative rolls) Japanese places in the city. Places like this are of best benefit to the people nearby, it really isn't worth the trouble of traveling to as a destination. As such, I guess I can't really call myself a fan.The sushi is quite delicious here. Quite possibly the best I've ever had. What keeps me coming back here is the excellent deal- 2 hand rolls (8 pcs a roll) for $7.95 or 3 for $10.25 and the fact that they have some truly imaginative vegetarian options (I don't even eat fish) that are numerous. I can't remember a sushi place that had more than 3 or 4 veg options. JFS has close to 10. My favorite would be the Green Tree Roll - sweet potato, avocado & cucumber, with kiwi on top and a mango sauce drizzled over it. Absolutely wonderful!This is my new go-to sushi take-out place.  The sushi is consistently good, and they're so fast with getting my order ready for pick-up.  It's CHEAP and GOOD!  They have 2 and 3-roll specials with all types of great varieties at a really affordable price ($7 and $10 and change, respectively).  Today I had lobster avocado (8 small-ish pieces per roll), spicy tuna and my personal fave, seaweed salad-cucumber roll!  All for about 10 dollars.  The other day i tried the Hawaiian role, which was mostly some veggies with mango slices.  Fun!  Every roll I've had is good, never too fishy.  Add (mediocre) miso soup for another $2.  You can eat there, but it's a little stuffy/hot in there.  I'd rather sit on my couch watching Mad Men or Housewives reruns while I dig into Jay's...dee-lish!Great value.  This is my go-to place for affordable sushi.  Service is always quick and kind and the sushi is fresh.  Its no Morimoto, but for the money, Jay's is a great deal.  BYOB!Jays has everything i look for in a sushi place: Great sushi, great prices with the special, option of brown rice on your rolls and Byob! The waitstaff is also incredibly nice too!A few of my girls and I came here a few weeks ago. We came rather close to closing time, which I know is such a pain, but I promised them we would be quick and they acted as if it was no problem at all, and were happy to be there all night, if that's how long we wanted to stay! I know that's not true, but the fact that they were so accomodating was amazing and something that I won't forget. The prices of the maki were the lowest I've EVER seen. 2 rolls for $7.95 and 3 rolls for $10.95?! What!?!? The sushi was delicious, too. They also had some really cool options for my friend who is vegan :) 
The only little thing is that their spicy tuna roll was not as good as the rest. I think it could be more flavorful and not as squishy! But besides that, everything was awesome. I'll definitely be back!They got me with the sign outside that says 2 rolls for $7.95 or 3 for $10.95 But then I found a really appealing lump crab roll on the menu for $12.95. It was really yummy so I don't mind the extra money. But I also got the green salad and it sucked. I didn't really eat it and I wished I asked for my money back for it. But I felt bad because they were really sweet and friendly. In the end I spent twice as much money then I had intended. So if you go in just go in for the special. But food's good and staff is friendly.Cheap sushi is not hard to find but cheap GOOD sushi is like a needle in the haystack.  I went here for lunch b/c it's just right around the corner of my new job (hooray more sushi in the future).  It was only 11am so I was the only one there.  I ordered the three roll deal and the pork gyoza.  For the three rolls I had the eal w/ cucumber, spicy yellow tail, and shrimp tempura.  Everything was fresh and fabulous.  I can't wait to go back.