I've been wanting to go to Jerry's since my birthday in early January.  Due to all the snow, was unable to get there until today.  Love the atmosphere, service is very so-so.  And  the food, for the most was the biggest disappointment.  I ordered the Eggs Jerry, to receive two potato pancakes the size of a half dollar with over cooked poached eggs that were cold and not runny.  The server never checked on us once or even when she cleared the plates did she ask if we enjoyed ourselves.  The smoked trout salad was yummy!  My father ordered buttermilk pancakes, they were okay, I was still starving from my prison sized portion, so I ate a pancake.  Sabrina's pancakes are better!It was a quintessential snapshot of summer's end.
The quiet, impending death of another warm season in Philadelphia was so vivid you could almost hear it.
Tuesdee night.
9:30PM. 
74 Degrees Fahrenheit. 
Every window and door in the place was wide open.
And there I sat; my wife and two of my dearest man friends sitting together at a table, smiling like dopes and watching scores of dried up leaves inch along the sidewalk.
We had already eaten a fantastic meal that night prior to leaf-watching - 
at Han Dynasty, to be specific.
We were perfectly full and content.
We had no room for beer. 
No room for food.
But I couldn't justify going home without stopping for dessert.
Jerry's dessert menu had imprinted itself on my brain, heart and stomach again - just like it did the last time I ate there - and I felt it proper to let my friends and loved ones experience the enchantment, too.
We whispered three words into the ether: The. Blueberry. Cobbler.
I dare say it's my favorite dessert in the entire city right now (and I live directly above a small-batch, highly reputable ice cream shop, mind you).
Being swept up by dialed-in charm of the place, we felt it necessary to order the rest of the dessert menu while we were at it. Plus a few cocktails. And a bowl of soup.
All food and drink items were devoured with little-to-no conversation, save for a few well-placed laughs. From the shit-eating grins on our faces, owner Bill Proud seemed delighted to walk up to our table, shake our hands, and share with us that he, too, was heading home - with a paperbag full of blueberry cobbler in his hands, no less.
The night. The food. The drinks. The city.
In that moment, they were unanimously agreed upon as 'fucking perfect'.I think if you live in the neighborhood it's pretty adequate. But don't travel here. Bad service, food is okay. Great interior, but you can't eat that, can you.Bar tender was too busy talking with the obnoxious girls flirting with him to serve the rest of the bar.
Was fed up after a single drink and gladly walked my company elsewhere.What a wonderful addition to the neighborhood!  Jerry's was absolutely delicious and very cozy.
The cozy dark-wood joint is set just far enough off the beaten path that it can remain a neighborhood spot, which is great in a part of town that's full of destinations that attract tons of visitors from other parts of the city.
The food was delicious:
- House-made meatballs were served in a cast iron skillet soaking in a bath of delicious tomato sauce.  They were fall-apart tender and melt-in-your-mouth delicious.  Just be sure to save some bread to scoop up that sauce.
- Moules Frites came out in a huge heaping portion with a mound of shoestring fries piled on top, with a pool of beer broth below.  The mussels themselves were tender, plump and perfect (which is not all that common, unfortunately).  The fries were killer, and the broth was absolutely delicious.  My only complaint, and it's a small one: the bread to dip in the broth was decidedly lifeless; any kind of crisp on the outside would have made a big difference.
- The Deluxe Burger was fantastic.  The beef was perfectly cooked, the cheese was a crumbled mound of salty, sharp cheddar that really lit up the burger.  Topped with a thick slab of amazing tomato on a buttery brioche, with a side of those shoestring fries.  Extremely satisfying.
I will 100% be back for that escargot with jumbo lump crab... and those pickle-brined wings... and the chicken and bowties in truffle broth... and the french dip...Excellent brunch spot.  Very hipster scene here, both service and food were on point.
Def worth checking out.  Didn't have one, but place is def known for their Bloody Mary's.
Portions were on the smaller side, & bit on pricier side but comes with trendy place like this.
Def a top notch spot for this up and coming neighborhood.So disappointed. Long wait, didn't have turkey sausage & decided not to tell me until my French toast came out. And the french toast was soggy. 
Just don't waste your time.came here for happy hour...loved the interior and it's ambiance...nice selection of the beers...might try out again next time for their full dinner menu3 years later and I am still going to give Jerry's a solid 5-stars in my book. Not only for having my favorite Bramble in the city, but because of their tremendous service over the last few years. This update comes years after having been for two back-to-back brunches when they first reopened (a new take on the old Jerry's Bar) back in 2013. Since then I have been back for countless brunches and happy hours as this is staple in our rotation of trusty neighborhood spots. I could go on about food and cocktails, but this review is solely based on service. 
Back in 2014 we hosted my boyfriends sisters' 21st birthday dinner at Jerry's after having been vigorously consuming beers at nearby Barcade. In planning the party, Jerry's never pushed the idea of having a more limited menu than their daily offerings and did not ask for any contracts signed in advance of having 20+ people in their loft dining area. We showed up in a slightly drunken manner - there was chaos surrounding who wanted to sit next to whom - everyone wanted to buy shots for the birthday girl and yet despite the loudness of the McCormick clan, our servers handled everything flawlessly. Dishes all arrived at the same time, cocktails were perfectly made in large batches, and the checks were split with ease (annoying to do with a party that size, we know). They truly helped make the birthday plans special.
Earlier this year, I was at Jerry's for a typical Sunday jazz brunch and ordered the Eggs Jerry. What arrived at the table was not eggs benedict and from the confused look on my face our server clearly knew that there was a mixup. She quickly returned with eggs benedict and apologized for the mistake, no biggie. The problem however was when I cut into the eggs and realized that they were completely hard set (a heartbreaking moment for any eggs benedict lover). I'm not normally one to send a dish back, but did so only asking for the eggs to be recooked - not only did she bring back delicious and properly cooked poached eggs, she took the entire dish off of our check. It was a nice gesture for the delayed brunch.
This past weekend however, was the caketopper in service. After having dropped my business card in a fishbowl to win a private happy hour about a month and a half ago, I was contacted by Jerry's just a few weeks later informing me that I had won! I immediately reached out to the bar to let them know that I would absolutely take them up on the offer and asked if there was a way that they would allow the generosity of a private room for happy hour to be extended into a fundraiser for my upcoming participation in the Susan G. Komen 3-Day walk. From there, Jerry's (but mainly their event planner) went to town helping us to throw an amazing charity fundraiser in their gorgeously appointed courtyard that mixed our love for great cocktails with a chance to see friends at the close of Labor Day weekend all while raising money for the 3-Day. The entire staff on the day of the event was exceptionally helpful - Jerry's absolutely went above and beyond my expectations of throwing a little end of summer happy hour and everyone had a blast. Dan made terrific cocktails, the kitchen provided us with delicious dips and grilled veggies, Liz was hustling with all of the drink orders rolling through - and all was handled effortlessly.
Whether you are throwing a birthday dinner, having a fancy jazzy brunch, meeting friends for happy hour, or hosting a charity event - Jerry's can handle it all with style and grace. I know, because I've experienced them all and that's what keeps us coming back.I really want this place to be "great," but after two visits I have to say it is just ok. The atmosphere is nice and the interior design work is tops, but those are about the best attributes Jerry's is offering in my opinion. The prices are very high for what they are offering for both food and drink. Ordered the mussels and they came out refrigerator cold. Sent back for a fresh hot batch and we are certain they tossed in the microwave to quick heat. They were bad. My French dip had zero flavor. Need a new au jus. The service was average at best. Our server did not have much to offer and seemed more interested in pushing us through our meal. 
I hope they read the review and work on improvements.  As I mentioned, I'd love to make this a regular spot.Went here Sunday for brunch and it was good! I got the brunch burger and potatoes which I enjoyed. My friend got the chicken sandwich and fries, which she liked too. There was live jazz music, no wait, and they have a great atmosphere. The only reason I'm not giving it 5 stars is because the mimosa prices were kinda high? Or just not what I'm used to. 1 mimosa was listed at $9.95. The carafe was listed at $23. We got the carafe and were surprised at the size. The bottle said 1/2 litre. We each got 1.5 mimosas out of it. They were mostly champagne, which was nice, but we were expecting a larger carafe. I'd definitely go back, but probably get a carafe for myself. Overall great experience with kinda, attentive wait staff.Great neighborhood restaurant. Tasty food and friendly service.  
My favorite thing about this place are the interiors!  The dining room is textured and authentic feeling, while the outdoor patio area is clean and modern. The contrast makes it possible to enjoy the same tasty food in different settings. 
Jerry's is awesome.My advice: GO ELSEWHERE. There are so many awesome places in NoLibs that you should not waste your time or money on this place. I'm usually VERY tolerant of restaurants and recognize how difficult it can be, especially when they're busy but this was hands down one of the most atrocious dining experiences I've had to date. 
First, the service. Our waitress, Jamie, kept her notepad in her BRA and would pull it out to write things down. That's what girls do in a bar with their phone, not as a server in a restaurant! I was shocked. Wear something with pockets! Then when we asked if it was possible to modify a dish, she kept making excuses for the kitchen (they're really backed up, I don't think they can) instead of using good customer service to say, "I'll check for you" even if there's no way in hell it can happen. Then you come back, apologize and say the kitchen isn't able to accommodate. By the way, the request was to substitute vegetables for pita bread with the trio of dips app, since we had a diner with celiac. Needless to say, we didn't order that app.
Also, we put in our apps and dinner orders at the same time, because it took a very long time to get our first round of drinks and we didn't want to wait longer than we had too. After our second round of drinks, our apps still did not appear (this was at least 30 minutes or so after ordering). The restaurant was starting to clear out as it was later (after 9pm) so we weren't sure why it was taking so long. About another 20 minutes later and lo and behold, out comes our...entrees? Wait, what happened to the apps? Well, they came after the entrees! All we got from our waitress was "Sorry the apps didn't come sooner, there was a mix-up on the ticket." From your boob sweat, maybe? Sorry, that lame excuse doesn't cut it. We were starving by this point so no one had the energy to argue but honestly, I didn't want my $11 app at that point because I now had my dinner. Had I known that, I wouldn't have wasted the money. Sigh.
The app was just meh but my sandwich (the cauliflower melt) was actually quite good. But the fries? Cold and literally some were still frozen. FROZEN. How do you serve cold fries? Needless to say I didn't finish them (although someone else at my table didn't care and did it for me). I was so fed up at this point, I just wanted to leave. The rest of our party was equally disappointed in the service and the food. One girl's lamb burger was almost raw (she didn't finish it). Then a few people were interested in dessert but our waitress disappeared. We were the only table left, with a handful of people at the bar...where did she go? It took so long for her to get back no one wanted more drinks or dessert at that point. 
Between the frozen food and subpar service, I would never return.I used to go here for brunch almost once a week, however on my recent visit I discovered that they have a new chef and modified menu. All of the go to favorites like steak and eggs and the brunch burger are off the menu.  We tried the waffles and pork and the biscuits and gravy, and both were not very appetizing. Everything tasted like it was cooked over a rustic campfire,  with very strange flavors.  I'm sad to say that I will not go back to what was one of my favorite brunch spots in Philly.Loved it! The atmosphere; it was so cozy and nice, the service was great and diligent, the music was awesome, but most importantly, the food.The food was absolutely delicious! I highly recommend the pierogi's, they were out of this world! The caesar salad was very good, too, and the fries were yummy.This restaurant left me satisfied and very full....I will definitely be returning here!Wow! Here's your joint. Great food in a well thought out atmosphere. A mixture of the old and the new. Give this place a try.What an amazing place! Love the atmosphere, the staff and the food. You can not go wrong with Jerry's. Brunch offers live music, and dinner offers a romantic ambiance. The chef creates some amazing dishes (my favorite, the variety of ways he prepares escargot). Also, a great space to host a private party.Great food along with great service, awesome environment! Love the out door space in the spring and summer, definitely one of my favorite spots!Recently, Jerry's has become one of my favorite restaurants. I dinned there with my neighbors and we all had a wonderful time. The service was exceptional and friendly from our waitress with dark hair (I don't remember her name). She answered all my questions about the beers and brought out a couple to sample. I ended up having an Allagash and a darker craft beer (don't remember the name but both were fantastic). Due to some dietary restrictions, she also gave me suggestions on what would be good for me. I ended up with an amazing Falafel Salad. They had a mixture of 80's and 90's music playing in their indoor/outdoor patio area, which was cozy and vibrant. My neighbors and I will be visiting Jerry's Bar more often.In my opinion this is currently one of the nicest restaurants in Northern Liberties. If you are looking for something that is a step above the rest of the pub food that is so prevalent in the neighborhood, this is the place.  Food is reasonably priced but if you're doing some drinking, it will cost you.This has to be one of the greatest brunch spots in the city. I love the atmosphere and feel of Jerrys. Everyone is so nice and polite. They are great with my son. The food is amazing and the drinks are always spot on. My personal favorite is the bloody marys. I would highly recommend going here. Cant top it. Oh and they should get rid of the guy bartenders. No one wants to see a dude behind the bar.I LOVE this place! The food never disappoints. I stopped in last weekend for dinner with a friend; I had the crab cake sandwich and it was so good. YUM. Service was great and I love the design of the place too!!My husband and I have eaten here 3 times now. Each time has been solid. The pierogies, chicken apple sausage and wings are awesome apps! The Jerry's burger is also really good. The up-charge for the squash fries is worth it. Our new local place here in Northern Libs!This place is awesome. Excellent quality food. I've been twice -  brunch and dinner. For brunch I had strawberry pancakes and bacon. The pancakes were moist and had incredible flavor and the bacon was heaven. For dinner I got the steak frites - absolutely delicious. I can't complain about it at all. My boyfriend ordered the burger and has been raving about it since. This place has easily become a favorite of mine.I don't hate this place, but as the two stars indicate, I really have experienced better. 
Went for Sunday brunch. The live music, was, just ok. The interior of the place has some cool elements, but it doesn't really have a lot of character. It's nice, but about as unique or memorable as a nice name brand hotel bar. 
The two of us sat at the bar and received quick, unfriendly service. The bartenders were not rude, at all. They just weren't engaging or happy or friendly. The drink menu was pretty awesome, but I was a little disappointed that everything was so expensive. 
The whole experience was just pretty forgettable, and pricey. I am up for paying for a great experience, but I didn't find it here. 
As someone who eats out / goes out a lot, I just value places with character. Also, you kind of know when you roll into a new place if it has "it". Unfortunately, for me, Jerry's missed the mark.Best Brunch spot in northern liberties in my opinion and I have gone to almost every spot. Whether you just finished crashing steel or riding the struggle bus the unique menu items are killer and the Bloody's are legit. The out side seating is perfect to just kick back and relax. Def my go to on Saturday or Sunday mornings before engaging in a Sunday Funday for the Birds game!Had a reservation for brunch for 8 people at 11:30 on Sunday morning. It had just started snowing, live jazz was playing, and the hostess brought us upstairs into a cozy yet spacious nook. Despite my hangover, there were good vibes all around.
Kicked brunch off right with a delicious bloody mary ($8.50- two of my friends really went for it with the jumbo shrimp for $1.50 extra) and we split a sticky bun ($4.50) 8 ways (everyone got 2-3 bites). The bun was unreal and I wish we had gotten two for the table instead of one. Highly recommended.
I had the shirred eggs with hashbrowns ($11) for my entree. A little spinach, a little mushroom, a little truffle oil = perfect. The hashbrown is like a latke- a deep fried and super thin potato pancake with onion and salt and pepper. So good. I agree with Rebecca S. in that the shirred eggs were slightly overcooked, but I didn't mind too much. Our server was sweet and attentive.
There aren't many places in Philly that take reservations for brunch. Skip the lines and go to Jerry's.Just finishing a great meal at Jerry's.  Wonderful service, fabulous food, intriguing beer list.  Don't miss the mussels pirogies and the pickled brined wings.  Churros to die for. Will be back.After many, many brunches and dinners at Jerrys I have to say that I am thoroughly disappointed with both the food and the service I experienced today. My family and I came for Mother's Day brunch- a party of 7 people. The menu was sub-par, everything was changed and the variety was limited. After having ordered the gravlox, I was so disgusted when what ended up on my plate looked like fatty sushi. Not smokey, no flavor, disgusting. I did not complain, I just sat and could not wait for the plate to be taken away.  My party insisted on telling the waitress that we did not care for the lox. She apologized, snatched the plate away and as our bill showed up- the lox was still on it. When we asked about it- she stated that the kitchen tasted it, not just one but two people tried it and felt it was fine....but me as the customer...did not. The customer was not satisfied but apparently Jerrys Bar doesn't care if the customer thinks their food is disgusting- just that the kitchen staff thought it was ok. 
We've been a fan of this place since it opened and it has really, REALLY, gone down hill fast. Never coming back.Such a cool, upscale, nice place in Northern Liberties. Awesome drinks, amazing food and some of the most comfortable and welcoming combination of ambiance, bartenders, and music playlists in Philly. Everyone can enjoy, period. Amazing location and building too.We live in Fishtown and hang out or dine in Northern Liberties often. We LOVE Jerry's bar, this is our spot to relax and have a special night out when we are not taking our kids out. 
We were celebrating our anniversary this past Wednesday night and we went to our favorite...Jerry's! THE FOOD WAS TERRIBLE. What happened? We heard a chef left?
This was incredibly disappointing. We usually not not complain and send food back but...we HAD to. The salads, beet salad and side dish with beets and citrus- awful. The salad was made with no love what so ever...the cheese was dumped into a clump under a bed of poorly cooked beets and wilted lettuce. It was the most sorry plate of beets and lettuce I have seen in a long time. In my past life I worked in MANY restaurants and I know it starts in the kitchen BUT...the server has responsibility too and that salad should have never even gotten served. Seriously. 
The main course did not get much better, we had the gnocchi and it sounded so delicious and fresh in the description, gross. Gross pile of food under a huge over cooked broth and pile of cheese on top to sustain a small village. Blech. 
We got the muscles and this pot was so so - had waaaay better at previous visits to Jerry's 
We also had the wings- these were great! BUT- three were over fried skin on bone and no meat??? AGAIN...never should have made it out of the kitchen. 
These experiences spread fast, we have since talked to a few others who have recently had sour experiences. Shame, Jerry's was one of the best things to come into the area in a long time. 
we miss it alreadyThis place rocks! The cocktails are uniquely crafted, delicious, and fairly priced. The food is fantastic. I had Jerry's Burger, and it was honestly one of the best (if not THE best) burger I have ever had-- it is melt-in-your-mouth good.. Bravo Jerry's!i ordered a $5 draft beer.  the waitress takes my order but returns a few minutes later to let me know they were out of the beer i ordered, but she would bring me something comparable.  i take a sip of it, and i didnt like it at all.  i tell the waitress that i didnt like the beer she brought me and all she had to say was, "thats too bad!"  really?  thats all you have to say?  to add insult to injury, the comparable beer she brought me was $15 and she didnt even tell me.  the atmosphere and food was nice but this whole beer fiasco left a sour taste in my mouth (literally).  talk about poor customer service!My husband and I stopped in for brunch on New Year's Day and it was busy, but we grabbed two seats at the corner of the bar near the service bar. First, when the bartender finally stopped talking to her co-workers, she took our drink order and then grabbed a bunch of glasses with her fingers in the glasses. Then she mentioned to her co-worker that she probably shouldn't have done that, but then went on to make our bloody marys with those glasses and her fingers that she had been handling shrimp with. Then she gave me and my husband the wrong garnishes and just stuck her hands back in the glasses in front of us to switch everything around. When she took our order we asked to sub breakfast potatoes for french fries which she said no to that request flat out. Maybe it is the restaurant policy to not sub, but switching potatoes for potatoes is pretty standard. It is also weird to only offer french fries with breakfast food. We ordered the pork roll sandwich and the egg was supposed to be over easy and it was over hard and we ordered the croque monsieur and there were runny egg whites which is gross. Then the other bartender licked whipped cream off of his fingers and then served drinks with those hands. Neither ever washed their hands. It was gross. Won't be back.Friendly service, hummus platter was  and short walk to the Fillmore before our show was great!Had a really nice time. Good food nice cocktails. Was there on a first date(tinder). Would recommend it had a nice decor and feel to the place.I've been here twice now, once for brunch and once for dinner. For brunch, I ordered the west coast burger. The burger itself tasted good, but was VERY greasy and soaked right through the bun. I kind of wish the bun was something sturdier. I also got a Bloody Jerry, which was incredible! We also got to sit in the little side garden area, which was super cute, and lit up with heat lamps since it was pretty cold outside. For dinner, I ordered the Reuben - which actually contained NO meat. It was the first time I've ever had a reuben with no meat, but it was actually quite delicious! They subbed the meat for some kind of broccoli I think. My only complaint would have been the drink prices, which were a bit high, even for the NoLibs area. Other than that, the atmosphere and service was great.Food is very good and the place is very nice and elegant. Love the decor of the place! The only problem I have of this place is that the food and drinks are too expensive. I know it's northern liberties, but damn you don't have to overcharge us that much lol. Anyways I do recommend for a romantic elegant date, the food is good, but your wallet won't be too happy lolIf only the food and service were as nice as the outdoor seating. 
Food and service were lousy on a Friday night. Nice decor and outdoor seating, and good drink selection. Bar looks decent and I hear brunch is good, but I would not come back here for dinner or recommend that anyone else do so (except maybe an enemy).I had never heard of this place until we were yelping for a romantic place for a celebratory dinner. With such great reviews, we had to get to Northern Liberties to try it out. 
Ordered the mussels, scallops, and french dip to share. Everything was delicious, came out quickly, the prices were fair, and the service was perfect. Loved the atmosphere, too. Next time, we will make reservations so we can sit in the outdoor courtyard which looked absolutely perfect. Loved it here!We have recently discovered this wonderful little eatery not too far from home.  Our first trip was for brunch and we were blown away by how fresh the ingredients were.  My favorite dish here is the wings Alabama white style.  This place is definitely nicer than we ever imagined and we look forward to other trips here.  
This is a great place for happy hour. They have a jazz band for brunch on the weekend which you should make reservations for.We went for brunch and it was absolutely delicious! All of the staff were super courteous.  The interior is absolutely beautiful, all of the salvaged materials give this place a rad vibe.I would give less than one star if possible. Some friends and I decided to head to Jerry's for Sunday brunch. Our table was a total of 6 and we did arrive two at a time, though we were seated before our whole party arrived. The waiter seemed attentive at first, getting the two of us our drinks and delivering them timely, the restaurant was not crowded at this point. Two more from our party arrived and the waiter came back to fill our waters but did not take additional drink orders, he also spilled my water all over the table an walked away with barely an apology and no attempt to get us more napkins or help clean it up. We waited about 20 minutes for him to come back and during that time, the final two arrived. This time, we had to initiate ordering drinks and discussed ordering food at that time because of the delay, rather than wait and take our order, he said he would get our drinks and come right back. Another 20 minutes went by before we saw him again.  Once we finally put our food order in, it took at least 45 minutes before the first 3 of six dishes came out. At this point, the waiter realized he forgot to put in our appetizer and asked if we still wanted it. We waiting another 30 minutes for the remaining 3 meals and were asked no less than 6 times what we were waiting for because the servers and kitchen could not get their tables straight. It was clear other tables were having the same problems. The manager came to our table a few times and apologized and told us one or two entrees would be comped, not the three we had been waiting for for over an hour. We finished our meal and could not leave fast enough but couldn't find the server anywhere to get our check. After another 30 minutes of waiting once we finished, we finally asked some one else if we could have our check. That server told ours and he clearly looked annoyed, got us our check, and not one item had been comped. The service we received was appalling. The manager seemed to be trying but was clearly overwhelmed and the staff is grossly under-trained and not attentive.This place is just awesome. Everything from the bar, to the lighting, to the menu is done right. 
I went here for a late dinner/drinks last night with my roommates because we wanted to try somewhere we haven't been yet and we were pleasantly surprised with the great draft list. Sadly, they were out of the beer that all three of us wanted, but with suggestions from our waitress we were able to pick new beers.
I had the burger and it was juicy and cooked just right! My only complaint was that it was super greasy as if they buttered the brioche bun. Other than that, the caramelized onions and cheese on the burger were wonderful. 
The old time ambiance of this place is what really makes it special and cozy- I will definitely be back for food and drinks all winter!Came here after attending a festival at Sugarhouse, the bar was clean, elegant, but not too bourgeois. The Salmon was amazing, they put chorizo in it which creates a great flavor, the mashed potatoes and Brussels sprouts were really good too. You can get hearty options, but there's also light fare. I didn't give it a 5 because it's a little humid and they have the individual bathroom set up instead of stalls, which I'm not a fan of, but that's just me.Came here with a friend of mine from college. Ordered just apps and sides (stuffed tomato and Brussels sprouts) both were excellent. I also got an old fashioned and it was perfect. Would highly recommendCame here for the mid-day menu on a Saturday and had the No Libs Burger & Fries. The burger was cooked absolutely perfectly and the fries were amazing. The decor is cool and the staff were very friendly. 
The best burger I've had in a long time!So I've been here twice now.  This last time was better than the first!  The first time I went there was not live music.  I do not know if that is a scheduled thing that you'd know about if you went there often enough or if it was just a pop up but it was awesome!  It made it feel a little bit like New Orleans.  A really rad addition to some fantastic food!
Before I even went there I was smitten with the appeal.  The Dart and Camaro that can be seen with arrows showing you the way and the Jerry's logo spray painted on the doors are a fantastic use of advertising dollars.  It really adds to the allure of the place.  My only qualm would be that the barricade jacket on front street is not fitted to the barricade.  So happens my company produces barricade jackets...so maybe next time I'll leave my card.  I really love the inside of the place.  From the sign outside to the rustic feel inside.  It's cool that it's in a kinda hidden spot as well.  I'm sure the cars are enough to draw interest and get you to look it up.  
I can hang with any place that sell La Colombe coffee. The food here is Stellar.  I cannot remember what I ordered the first time but this time i got the Eggs Jerry which is Smoked salmon, poached egg, caper dill hollandaise, potato latke.  I did not memorize that, I copied and pasted.  It was delicious and just the right amount of food.  However next time I'm def getting what My GF had.  The Taylor pork roll & scrapple sandwich.  I tried two bites and it was awesome.  
I'd love to try this place for dinner since the Brunch is so fantastic but I only ever seem to end up there on weekend brunchy days. As of right now this is my favorite brunch spot in Philadelphia.  I really don't think this place will disappoint anyone who enjoys breakfast items but is too lazy to get up before 10 AM.
*Also They took one of the photos of my Dog's instagram(not mine, his) in front of the Jerry's Camaro and put it up on the wall.  Which was really cool coming from such a great restaurant!  I didn't get to see it in person but a friend snapped a shot and sent it to me.
ANYWAY I'VE SAID TOO MUCH.  No one reads reviews this long.  GO HERE.Just moved back to Phlly, and cant believe what they have done to Jerry's.  Outstanding job, from the meals to the decor, this place is top notch.  
NoLibs needs some more spots like this that are truly deserving of 5 starsI've been wanting to go to Jerry's for some time now and I am happy we went on St. Patty's. The service was great and the hostess was very flexible with me running a few minutes late. We got the French Toast and the Salmon latke Benedict. They complimented each other perfecting. The only reason I am giving them four stars is the Bloody Mary was a bit watered down (). Otherwise, great spot for brunch.Just went here for brunch with a small group and the food was excellent. My friends got a beermosa and Bloody Mary and they both had nothing but positive things to say about them. Also, I had the turkey sausage skillet with a side of home fries which was spicy and excellent. My friend ordered cannoli French toast but the server made a mistake and got him regular French toast so she got the table a sticky bun as an apology, which was so incredibly delicious. Like for serious, I'm not even into sweets and it was amazing. Looking forward to returning here soon.You do not have to be over 21 to get in. I like their burgers and beers. The wine is 5 dollars and pretty good. It is a little bit hard to find it, it located in a small block.Waited an hour for a simple dish, so disappointed. They didn't even offer to comp my drink or anything. Waitress was very nice, though.I made a Yelp account to specifically write this review. 
I came here this past week for an event they were having for CBC. I had only been to this bar one other time, last year during beer week, and remember thinking it was awesome. Friendly bartenders, great drink, great food, etc. So naturally when I saw they were hosting a good brewery, I made my way over, much to my dissatisfaction. 
The bartender working was SO RUDE AND MISOGYNISTIC. I get it, you probably thought I wanted to cocktail since I'm female, but isn't this a freaking craft beer bar?! I do not need someone to rolling their eye and huff at me for asking about a beer I want AT A BEER BAR. "I make a great blah blah blah, you want that?" NO! I want to drink what I want to drink. It wasn't even busy, why try to push customers away by pressuring them into drinking something else? Go take your "mixology" skills elsewhere. Maybe to a cocktail bar???
Despite the cool things this bar may do and despite the beautiful interior, this bar is never going to be one I recommend again.Only stopped in because my friends dragged me in. Had a miller lite. The place is VERY classy, looks likes it caters to an affluent crows. Friends had some chocolate specialty beers and they loved them. Counter top was impressive, staff were moving leisurely for 3pm. Not interested in attending again when in Philly, but it was a beautiful place.I saw this place mentioned in Zagat online.  Me and a friend decided to check it out for the Sunday Brunch.  There wasn't a wait - so that was a plus.  I like the drink choices and having a live band play in the background doesn't hurt.  We tried the homemade cinnamon bun to start - delicious!!  As we decided on our main dishes - We went with the french toast - which had vanilla ice cream on top...Somewhat Sweet, so be aware, Bacon, Steak & Eggs.  The food was ok, I have had better, the the service is what made the experience better.
I appreciated the retro look of the restaurant and I felt that the patron were a nice mix, not all hipsters, families or loud folks.  I thought it was mellow enough, but managed to have a good vibe.  
I would return, maybe dinner visit.Can't say one bad thing. Love this place. Mussels amazing.  Wine great. Love this placeCame here for Sunday brunch, when they have live jazz music. Unfortunately it gets so crowded and we were seated in the back room away from all the excitement. On the bright side, it's a good spot if you want to chat away from the commotion. 
The Bloody Mary variations are great, and they come with lots of fixins (olive, cherry tomato, cornichon, etc.). My favorites are Bloody Marias. For food, I got the Jerry Benedict with eggs on latkes instead of English muffin, which is genius. My friend got the spaetzle, which was good but a pretty tiny serving. 
The service was a little slow because of the brunch rush, but overall our server was kind when he came by. He apologized for our sides coming so late (as we were finishing our meal) so they comped it, proving great customer customer service.I haven't been there... YET. But I had their Bloody Jerry at the Best of Philly Party last night and I went back for another, it was that good. Old Bay rimmed glass, skewer of shrimp, cherry tomato, olive, cornichon, and hot pepper, and best of all, no overwhelming horseradish taste. If the rest of the menu is this good, it will be one of my new favorites. My friends and I are planning a brunch date!Came with my roommate for happy hour. We sat in the courtyard (covered patio). Beautiful atmosphere with fans to keep us cool in the heat! 
 For drinks they offered $2 off drafts, $5 wines and $5 special cocktails. We got the house red and house white wines. Came in a chilled glass and was very refreshing!
They have select appetizers for happy hour specials, but we went for the $5.00 burgers and split a side of fries. 
Fries came out hot and crispy! Burgers were the perfect size with lettuce, cheese, and "comeback sauce".. very good, with a little kick!! 
Wouldn't hesitate to recommend, especially for happy hour! Cant wait to try out their infamous brunch!!!Been here a few times, once for brunch, once ate at the bar, and twice for dinner.
Great atmosphere and decor, but the place doesn't absorb any sound so it gets pretty loud in there.
Brunch was good overall, though what I got was (steak and eggs) were subpar.
Dinner has been delicious both times!  (Sorry, don't remember what I got.)
Service and beer selection are great.
Can't miss the smoked trout salad!I am a fan of Marshall Green - he and his chefs and this new location are doing a wonderful job.  The menu has just the right amount of items - not overwhelming but something for everyone.  I had the duck salad and gazpacho - both incredible.  The Jerry's Burger was excellent.  The amount of effort that went into restoring the building and patio is impressive.  Live jazz at brunch is always a bonus.I stopped in here recently after perusing Brooklyn Flea Market on a Sunday. The kitchen did not open until 5p and we ordered a bunch of appetizers (dip trio is a must) and some drinks. Decent selection of booze/beer/libations and a small menu that hits on all the favorites.
Our server was fantastic but the atmosphere seemed a little 'pretentious/expensive' for the neighborhood. I look forward to stopping back in at a different time OR for brunch soon.After hearing a lot of hype about Jerry's Bar, it was time to check it out. 
The decor of the place is really eye catching right away, it was intimate and cozy and made me not want to leave!
The food was very good.. we ordered french onion soup and the meatballs to share as appetizers. Both were great but the meatballs were the standout. I don't think I could share them next time..
For dinner, I got the gnocchi and they were really good. Well made and the other flavors (gorgonzola and dates for example) were different but worked really well. My boyfriend ordered the Jerry's Burger and said it rivaled Village Whiskey's.. so that's saying something!
We also tried the ricotta and pumpkin donut holes.. they were good but we were stuffed so I'm not sure we were able to appreciate them fully.
Overall, food, drinks and ambiance were completely up to par and I think Jerry's Bar lives up to the hype.
Can't wait to go back!I took my fiancé here the day after we went to Sbraga.  He was still raging over the bad service, mediocre food, and crazy expensive check...so I had to get down and dirty on yelp.  I needed to find a place that would hit all of his "feel good points" to bring him out of his insanity and Jerry's did just that.  1.  We sat outside..fresh air is good for calming down rage.  2.  He ordered a bloody and loved the gimmicky shrimp..his ADD ass was thrilled!  3.  The service was good and the food was excellent..." So much better than last night!" 4.  I let him try my French onion soup.. This never happens.  * Side note.. Soup was good but needs more cheese  5.  Our bill was way under the  $180 we spent at Spraga.  He was really happy about that.  Thanks Jerry's for helping me bring a madman back to normal!!!Came on a wednesday with girlfriends.  Great service,  tasty drinks, and amazingg food. Also music and layout of this place greats an amazing vibe. Highly recommenda favorite neighborhood bar and restaurant. The bartender downstairs (older guy) makes some fantastic drinks and has a nice vibe. I like the oysters very much. The food is occasionally inconsistent, but always good. Live music on Friday nights is fun.The staff was great, the service took a terribly long time for what turned out to be inedible glob, overpriced, drowning in a coagulated cream sauce and poorly described on the menu.  I took 2 bites and left, don't waste your time.Jerry's brunch has been the most consistent and enjoyable in the city. Very sorry to say that appears to have changed. The much loved crispy homefries are gone, and along with them the light, fluffy and flavorful pancakes. The new pancakes are tasteless, heavy and overcooked. Overcooking was the order of the day..from the burger (way past medium), the fritata (dry), to the eggs Jerry (more like hard boiled eggs). Very disappointing.
We will most likely give it one more try before we venture forth in search of a new favorite. In the meantime, the sunday jazz combo should learn to play the new chef blues.You know you're at a classy joint when there is a cellist at brunch time and the Eagles' game is on, but nobody is screaming or cussing. Also, the Eggs Jerry (salmon and poached eggs on potato latkes) is a must-order. Overall, a beautiful space in Northern Liberties with a fine drink menu and a good kitchen.This is a great chill spot with great martinis and beer selection is on point! Bartender is friendly and has good recommendations for other drinks.I've mentioned on numerous occasions that I'm not a Brunch person. I love the idea of mixing breakfast with anything. I love the idea of also adding alcohol to that equation. Heck, booze has become such a big part of it that I'm pretty sure that "Brunch" is actually a combination of "Breakfast" and "Drunk".
No, I think my problem with Brunch is that it's become too fancy, too trendy. It's not uncommon to wait over an hour for seating at almost every place that offers Brunch. The offerings are things I often have to ask my much more seasoned Brunchers for clarification. Essentially, I'm too stupid to "get" Brunch.
Despite my bias, I found myself at Jerry's Bar this mild Sunday afternoon. I was meeting with dear friends who suggested the place because the last time we met for brunch it was at the now gone Cafe Estelle and we enjoyed it. Jerry's chef was the Estelle chef so it was a no brainer. 
Being that this is a bar, it's not BYOB so we had a few drinks while we waited for a table. It was a long wait but when you are with good friends, it doesn't matter. 
I really liked the staff and atmosphere at Jerry's. Very warm and simple. Again, the menu was a little fancy for my loutish preferences. Give me eggs, bacon and toast and I'm good. It is nice ,however, to do something off the path occasionally so I prepared for something good. 
We shared a cinnamon bun and agreed that Estelle's was better. I went completely against the grain and got a cauliflower and cheese omelette.  I didn't like it, but I take off no points for it because it was my own stupidity. I didn't like the apple butter in it ( I hate mixing sweet and savory). I saw it on the menu but read it as apple smoked bacon. Yes , I'm an idiot. Everything else was fantastic. I got a side of sausage that seemed house made and was great.  I had a touch of Brunch Envy at the Brunch burger my friend ordered. It looked really good. 
So overall, if you are a Brunch person, Jerry's is for you. It pretty much hit all of the requirements of a great Brunch experience. Here's hoping I never have to type " Brunch " ever again. This was too much.After a stellar brunch experience at Jerry's which I rated 5 stars, I went there for dinner with a friend from out of town last night hoping to impress her with my neighborhood bar. Unfortunately, we were both really disappointed! We ordered 2 glasses of wine which were good, and two appetizers; the "rock shrimp" in lettuce cups and wings with plum glaze and peanut sauce. I had thought the shrimp would have some kind of dressing or sauce with it but no. Just small, fried shrimp placed in lettuce with some daikon. There was supposed to be a siracha aioli that I think they forgot. The appetizer was pretty flavorless and the shrimp were just small and over breaded. The wings we got were very flavorful however the sauce was soooo spicy. I did not know was sambal was but after trying the sauce I sure did! Unfortunately the menu didn't do much for me. I didn't think they had a very good variety of foods. Their appetizers are very eclectic so if you want something unique (i.e. escargots) then you are in luck. I guess I was expecting more basic dishes with a much better execution. I will be back for brunch but definitely avoid dinner.Went around these parts for a birthday party.  Overall, it's a VERY cool bar.  Small dining area, so it's best to make reservations.
Pierogies.  Absolutely the best ever.  Handmade, served with pear jam and sour cream.  It'll run you about $8 for 3 of them, but it's totally worth every penny.
Both my fiance and I had the Jerry's Burger, which was melt-in-your-mouth good.  Didn't need any sauce, since the buttery roll and handmade burger went right down the hatch.
Only drawback was the service.  Seemed like the one or two waitresses were getting overwhelmed, despite the small size of the place.What a great experience! Ali and Hannah took superb care of me. I'm a beer man but was in the mood for cocktails since the bar clearly had fine spirits and a great cocktail menu. Over the long course of the evening I had six different cocktails from their menu. Each was expertly blended. I also talked to Hannah extensively about their beer list and there was strong consideration for the beer lover. Ali's Old Fashioned was as good as it gets and both were wonderful bartenders and gracious hostesses all night. I look forward to visiting again soon!If three was a any kind of way to give this place a zero star review, I would. The menu for food never matches what comes to the table, the drinks (cocktails) are half-assed. Correct the menu and then maybe figure out why nobody understands. With all of the other options of places to eat in this city, I would never give this place a chance. I wish we had been some sort of VIP party that everyone raves about. Apparently if you're not cool with owner or manager, you're just somebody else.What a really fine addition to Philly's gastro-pub scene this place is!
Jerry's Bar is tucked away on the small side-streets of Northern Liberties.  You won't find it unless you seek it out.  The first thing you notice when you walk in is how awesome it looks inside. The details and workmanship on everything - from the floors to the ceiling, the bar to the light fixtures - is impeccable.  The next thing you will notice is that you will be accorded a friendly greeting.  And finally you will be seated at the bar or at a table, upstairs or downstairs and you will revel in a fine beer assortment and a tasty bistro menu.  Here I have to give a shout out because they have Disco Fries - Northern New Jersey's homage to Quebec's Poutine.  They come with a total cardiac advisory ... but you can't stop eating them!Fabulous new menu!  Everything was phenomenal.  It was a crowded Saturday night and we still had great service and incredible food.  I would highly recommend the hummus trio as an appetizer.  The seared salmon was just magnificent, arriving on a huge bed of puréed sweet potatoes, grilled tomatoes, spinach and a mild chorizo, and surrounded by a paprika infused oil.  Heaven!  Wasn't thrilled with the Caesar salad but it came with very fresh spinach, cucumbers, tomatoes and grilled hard goat cheese.  It just seemed a bit bland but we had asked for light dressing.  
Others at the table got the Korean tofu sandwich (I tried a bite - very spicy! Fabulous!) and someone else the steamed fish pot.  It looked amazing and came with generous pieces of crab legs, mussels, shrimp, pieces of corn on the cob and red potatoes, etc.  It was beautifully served in a large crab pot.  See photos.  Creme brûlée and berries and cream for dessert - no photos of them as they disappeared too quickly.  Our server was really attentive and super nice.  A manager also checked on us so well done Jerry's.  Will definitely be back!One of my favorite places for food and drinks in Northern Liberties!
It is such a hidden gem, tucked away from the un-authenticity of the piazza restaurants. Such a charming atmosphere for any time of year. I love the bar for cozy winter nights, and the outdoor space (and bar!) in the warmer months. Excellent cocktail menu, rotating beer list, and... THEIR BURGER. The Jerry's Burger to be specific. One of the best in the city! 
Service at the bar and in the dining room is always friendly. I can't say enough good things about this place!The atmosphere? No doubt a 5 star rating. Twinkling lights above your head in the outdoor seating section. Industrial yet welcoming decor indoors. Lovely tunes coming from the live music act. The food? Solid 5 stars as well. I got the chicken and mushroom ravioli. It exceeded my expectations, both in taste and in plating. They've got sandwiches and salads and fancier entrees too. Something for everyone! A great neighborhood place for evening dinner/drinks.