First I called last minute needing sandwich platters to feed 30ppl to be picked up in 1 hour !! The entire staff couldn't have been anymore nicer and helpful.  All the platters were put together well for a nice presentation. Everyone at the luncheon raved about the quality of the food. 
I will definitely be using this place again for the luncheons I provide! 
Thanks GuysFreash hand cut and fast like it very much  and thanks for the military discount !!!!!!The best Italian sub that I've ever eaten and I've had a lot of them since I live in an Italian neighborhood in Chicago!   I was amazed at the quality of the meat and it was sliced fresh (not like you'd get elsewhere).  The sandwich had 5 different meats (all very lean) with lettuce, tomato, vinegar and oil with Italian herbs on a freshly baked roll.  We feasted on these on the train from Phili to Boston!  What a treat that was!If your looking for a great place to get a good quality sub for a low price this is the perfect place to go.  This place has a wide selection of subs and sandwiches all within a reasonable price range.  Definitely coming backJersey Mike's was a welcome change from the less than lackluster Au Bon Pain experience I had the last time I was at 30th Street Station. Steve, the guy making the subs behind the counter, turns 'em out fast, as if he has been doing this his whole life. Given how fast the subs are made, I'm impressed that they aren't super sloppy (think of a messy Subway sub--that's not what these look like). 
My chipotle chicken philly was steaming hot and was really a delight. The onions were cooked just right and the chipotle mayo was well-balanced with the rest of the sandwich. The veggies looked and tasted fresh to boot, which isn't always the case at these sub line places. A regular sized sub, sans chips or pop, hit the spot. 
I know where I'm coming the next time I'm waiting around at the train station!Today i had a sandwich. It wasnt the usual enjoyable sandwich. It seemed a little smaller. The egg was supposed to be scram lef but it was dry. There wasnt much ham either. I dont think id eat here again. Quite a dissapointment for them.So I take bus out of 30th street almost every other weekend, and I've had all of the different fast food options available at the train stop.  By far, jersey mikes is the best.  I really enjoy the cold subs but the cheesesteak is certainly very good as well.  The food tastes very fresh, the staff are really nice and quick, and the cleanliness is better than most sub places (particularly subway).  I look forward to eating here on my trips.  Yum!I'm vegetarian and thus almost always walk by sandwich/hoagie places without a second glance. But I didn't have much time before catching the train and I knew I wouldn't be able to make it the three hour trip without some food in my stomach. Anyway, I figured this place must have something meatless and there luckily wasn't much of a line at the time so I ordered a grilled veggie wrap which sounded like my best bet. Typically when I do have to order from these types of places, my veggie sandwich is boring and bland, and I've simply had to accept that. Which is why I was so pleasantly surprised to find that the wrap was filling and tasty with the perfect amount of ranch (not too soggy) and the vegetables tasted fresh! Although I can't speak to the cheesesteaks or other sandwiches, I assume this is a good indication that everything is pretty great and tasty!Stopped on my way to NYC I ordered a jewish hoagie it was  very good very fresh jewish hoagie it was deliciousLove Jersey Mikes for fresh and consistent hoagie sandwiches. I've been to locations between NJ and VA, and I've had a positive experience with all of them.  The service here at 30th St Station was very friendly and the food was fresh. No line and my sandwich was prepared quickly and exactly how I asked for it. The roesemary parm bread was quite tasty.  For me, the mini sized sub is plenty of food.  
Only negative is that it was hard to find a clean table and it would be nice if there were power outlets near the tables so I could recharge while enjoying my lunch.  Also the trash cans both needed to be emptied as they were full to the rim.
But I will definitely come back next time I need a bite while waiting for a train at 30th St Station.It's kinda new in Amtrak 30th station.
Instead of Subway, I tried this place for turkey hoagie but it was nothing special as well as overpriced. Disappointing...Jersey Mike's is the perfect place to spoil yourself when you are on a diet!
I have eaten there exactly two times and gotten food poisoning one out of the two times. Not only was I bedridden for two days straight but I LOST 15 LBS! IN THREE DAYS! Are you trying to drop a few pounds for that wedding next weekend!? Jersey Mikes! Big featherweight championship coming up and you splurged on too much Salvitos Pizza? JERSEY MIKES! There is a 50% chance you will get intestine liquefying food poisoning to help you reach your goal! You will not need to eat the next three days and after that a diet of saltines and water will help you reach your ideal weight by the time your big event comes around! 
Some tips: put some pillows around the toilet to save time between trips. When you stop going every 5 minutes (usually about 24 hours or so after consumption) you can move back to the bedroom. 
Have an iPad or mobile device with netflix, amazon prime, or hulu available so you have something to watch when you are not passed out or writhing in pain from cramps. 
If your fever reaches 103 hospitalization is recommended!
I only gave two stars because I once got similar food poisoning from a Starbucks Egg's Florentine Breakfast Sandwich. The only difference is I have sworn off any kind of "Florentine" food item (just the smell gets me nauseous) and I had fever dreams where Hillary Rodham Clinton and a Doctor came to me to explain that this was just how my body would work from now on. I did not get that from this experience and I still enjoy cheesesteaks.Love the "Mike's way" with vinegar and oil , salt pepper pepperoncini tomatoes, great seeded rolls. Lettuce Pray.A transcendent experience.  I had never visited Philadelphia before or had the Philly cheesesteak experience.  The unbelievably friendly, helpful crew at Jersey Mike's fixed me up with a gooey, life-altering concoction of steak, cheez-whiz, american cheese (yes, both, they sort of bond), grilled onions and peppers on a hero roll.  The sommelier suggested pairing with Pepsi, not Coke, fountain not bottle.  Heaven!Alene L. The breakfast is really worth the money and time to get it cooked
When Yo u ask for fatty. Greasy bacon. That's the way your get it. The manager. Mike, is awesome and real  ice
 And their cookies are real good
 Real raisins
 Worth the money! 5 star rating.Need more of these in the city. Love that they are open early. Friendly and efficient service.Met a friend in Philly en route to New York and needed to grab some food at the transit station. We enjoyed splitting a sub, which was definitely bigger than a Subway footlong. The guy at the counter was friendly, and he sliced the meat right there, which was nice to see. Sandwich was good - nothing amazing, but it was good.I grew up at The jersey shore and Jersey Mikes was a staple!! So glad they are in Philadelphia and I can get some of the comforts of home!! Always fresh and always awesome!!!Amazing! Was hesitant to try a sub from a place in not familiar with. Stopped in and had one of the best Italian subs I've had in a very long time. Fresh bread and sliced to order subs. Don't miss this place on your way through worth the entire trip for one of their famous subs!!OPENING ON MONDAY NOVEMBER 19th 2012
Jersey Mikes is coming to Amtrak 30th Street Station.....near Drexel, U Penn.....saw them doing a trial run with select customers this weekend (Nov 16 thru 19th).....i hear they are sampling food (FREE).
Have tried their cheesesteaks and deli type subs.....both are YUM......the deli subs are unbelievable for a fast food type place.  They slice fresh cuts right in front of you and build your fresh sandwich just like an old fashioned NY deli.
They will also be located right next to a brand new WENDYS HAMBURGERS.......i can see it now.....a Jersey Mikes Sub coupled with a FROSTY from WENDYS !!!!
Can't wait for this great addition to Train Station food choices.
Joe C.After a successful day out on the road seeing clients in Philly I was hungry for a tasty something to eat while waiting for my train back to New York. I wanted a satisfying sandwich. Behold Jersey Mike's Subs! There a a bunch of fast foody types of places to eat in the food court at this train station but a good old fashioned hoagie was calling my name!
This place is pretty solid. Half sub for $6.79 or a giant sub for $10.69. I ended up with a 99% fat free half turkey and provolone sub on a really soft hoagie roll. Gotta get it with the works "Mike's Way" - onions, lettuce, tomatoes, spices, and red wine vinegar & olive oil blend. Delish!
They crank out the sandwiches quickly and they taste really good. Plus, they don't skimp on the ingredients. Along with some sea salt & vinegar chips I was a happy man.
Nap time on the way home!Had some time to kill waiting for my train.  Got an Italian hoagie at Jersey Mike's Subs.  All I can say is awesome!  The best hoagie I have every had.  I actually ordered an extra one to take on the train on my way to D.C. and ate that one on the train.  Great fountain drinks too.  Can't say enough good things.  Will definitely come back next time I am in Philly.  Really a special treat!  Wish my grandkids could have been with me.  I'll get extras for them next time.  My wife actually got upset with me that I didn't bring extras for her and the grandkids.  Next time I won't forget.  That faux pas put me in the dog house, big time!I was in Philadelphia again waiting to go Home on the Train.  Since the NE corridor and Acela trains don't originate in Philly, they're often late to 30th St.  Yes, my train was late.  Thankfully, Jersey Mike's was there to save the day.  I had time to get a sub to take home south of the Mason-Dixon Line where getting a good quality Italian is more difficult.  I don't know if they have a jingle.  If not, I'll get working on Jersey Mike's song.When I arrived in 30 stations, I notice that this was one of the few establishment that was open early in the morning, so I went to Jersey Mike and I saw the great diversity 
 of the menu and Affordable prices, I decide to give this a chance.
Of course, if you go to Philly there one thing that you most eat and that is the Cheesesteak. 
I order the Chipotle Cheesesteak wit and Bacon! with was delicious,  I personally really enjoyed the chipotle cheesesteak, with was super cheesy, slightly salty, and bacon was very good. The portion of ingredients on the sandwiches was a lot, that very time a had a bite some of then drop on the plate. I will come more to give a taste to the others type of Cheesesteak, but the coffee was back, I recommend go in front to DD.My first time trying Jersey Mikes! Wow, I've been missing out (this chain isn't readily available where I've lived) but I'll certainly track it down when traveling now. Freshly sliced cold cuts make all the difference, and the portions are extremely generous for the price. I enjoyed the club and will probably skip the bacon next time (I don't really enjoy crispy bacon which is what they used). 
Also, I appreciated the sandwich options- not too few, not too many with a manageable number of toppings to choose from.Convenient because it's in the Philadelphia 30th Street Station and in a pinch you can grab something there and bring it onto the train. Compared to other vendors at 30th Street, it has great selections, the freshest ingredients and the staff is friendly too. Other places are good, Jersey Mike's about the best. AND if you promised someone at home (NOT MENTIONING ANY NAMES) that you'd bring back Philly Cheesesteaks but forgot...this is a pretty good "Plan B". Don't get me started on the best Philly Cheesesteak, Mike's is good in a pinch! Try it.Mediocre sandwich. Definitely overpriced for what I got. Limp bread. Roll that was totally cut in half. There was more food falling out of the sandwich than anything. Very messy for "on the go" foodI don't know, I guess me not being a fan of chain places in the first place is what's making give this unhappy review or the fact that these hoagies aren't really delicious at all!  
This is my first & last time eating here;
#1 this place is filthy and beyond messy, I know it's a super busy place but that's not excuse... All the other shops in the station are also high volume but they're clean from what I can see.. 
#2 the hoagie alone just wasn't flavorful or appetizing at all.. I got the jersey shore; cappicola, provolone and ham.. Really light on the meat, the bread was so bland and the onions old.
The girls that worked there were nice but they did seem overwhelmed..
Prices are ok. Again, if you're able to get a hoagie from a local shop or pizza shop please do it! If you're hungry and just grabbing lunch on the go try to find another option and use Jersey Mikes as your last resort lolI've tried other locations, but this location in the Philly train station is the best.  My train stops here to change engines before going on to NYC, and I never miss my chance to order a Philly Cheese Sandwich here.  It is fabulous!  Fresh bread crisped on the grill with loads of steak, smothered in tasty, well cooked onions and peppers, all topped with delicious cheese.  Yum!I ordered some party subs for a safety meeting. They were great, Steve the manager went above and beyond to have it ready for pickup at the time I asked him. Steve and his team are always on point and friendly. If you want a good sandwich platter get it from Jersey Mike's, they put Wegman's to shame. The price was well worth it.This is my go-to place when I'm working in my Philly office at the Cira Center. As I'm walking to work in the morning, I'm thinking about going to Jersey Mike's later that day. The sandwiches taste really fresh, the bread, the ingredients and the meat. The service is always friendly and efficient, just the way I like things to work!So far I have been to Jersey Mike's twice and they have not disappointed me! 
For lunch today, I got the chicken cheesesteak with grilled onions. It was delicious! I'm always greeted with a warm smile and fast service.. the military discount from work seals the deal!
The chicken cheesesteak DOES NOT disappoint on the meat or that amazing soft cloud of bread that holds the well seasoned meat in. What cheesesteak you know doesn't need ketchup?! I could take a bath in the juice. 
Before I cry because I have no more of my chicken cheesesteak left, let me wrap this up. I will definitely be back for that Godly chicken cheesesteak.Was there on Sunday, October 20, 2019 @ 6:00pm. My friend & I ordered the Mike's Famous Philly cheesesteak & both of us got extremely sick from food poisoning!Really great Philly Cheesteaks.  Consistently good.  No BS, just the real deal.  I like the Chipotle Cheesteak.  Recommend when at 30th Street catching the train.
Bravo Jersey Mike's!Very long line but short wait with work bestie for two California chicken cheesesteak with fried onions and sweet peppers for me, no peppers for her. Mine was scooped and served on their whole grain option with lettuce and tomato. Bestie goes for classic style. 
For a chain restaurant, JM makes a great product and it's a generous portion of chicken so it was mighty filling and mighty good. California chicken cheesesteak hoagies with sweet peppers 5/5
Jersey Mikes has seating inside the restaurant which is also shared by Wendy's. The manager is a great guy and manages both franchises; evidently this location Is the only Wendy's /Jersey Mikes in the country. 
Bestie and I also shared a bag of chips 5/5
One issue though, be prepared to be thirsty, very thirsty after you eat there.Good food, but they don't accept gift cards! And the company when I emailed them was just like "sorry about that."I love Jersey Mike's subs, but was extremely disappointed that this location refuses to accept coupons that I receive from Jersey Mike's Email Club. False Advertising.This location is inside the train station fyi.  This is like franchise or something because they don't honor anything club rewards related to earn or use points. They didn't accept a coupon I presented them. The food is up to par, it was tasty. Won't come back to this location due to lack of honoring rewards club.I must say that its one of the cleanest places I've ever worked and had the best cheesesteaks around! If you are not from philly ans want a quality cheesesteak this is the place to get it! Absolutely delicious subs also! The staff are very helpful and friendly especially the manager. Some of the newer staff somewhat makes the workers who have worked there longer look bad by nit really going with the flow of the more experienced crew but other than that this place is awesome. The dedication of the workers and managers is amazing! Would recommend to anyone!3.5 Stars - my new favorite cold Sub / Hoagie fast food restaurant. Located in the Philadelphia 30th St. train station. 
Pro's
- Meats are freshly sliced in front of you - fresher product vs. their competitors
- Love getting the subs "Mike's way" which includes drizzled Olive oil, red wine vinegar and fresh spices 
- Wide unique selection of hot and cold subs
- Generous portions and good quality for a fair price
- The fresh cookies are excellent
- Three sizes to fit all appetites
Con's
- Not much to say here, it's a good product for fast food sandwiches 
- This is the only location I've come across since moving to the US 4 years ago, wish there were more in Phily 
Bottom Line - Good fresh sandwiches, perfect for a quick bite before / after your train trip. A definite step up from Subway. 
BKIn the Food Court area of the grand Amtrak 30th Street Station is an outpost of the sandwich chain - Jersey Mike's.  This chain started in the mid-50s in the Jersey Shore town of Point Pleasant and has since spread to well more than a thousand locations.  It is not however big in Philly (after all this is Hoagie territory) except for this outpost in the main train station.  Jersey Mike's is bright and friendly ... and all the lunch meats & cheeses are sliced right in front of you for your sandwich.  I chose their famous Roast Beef & Provolone sub.  It did not disappoint and was the perfect food to take with me on the train.I almost never take the time to review places, especially chains-let alone  "fast food" -but i need to point out that this particular location has unbelievable service. I have celiacs. The first time i visited i was unsure of how much safety i could expect from a place that exclusively makes sandwiches. 
As soon as i asked about the gluten free options, they asked me if it was an allergy and said that hey would be super careful. They changed their gloves, took APART and cleaned the slicer, wiped down the surfaces, got new knives and spreaders and told me allcth omg was fuentes that i should avoid. While all of this is slectacular, it's not as impressive and extraordinary as the attitude they had while doing all of this. 
After many years in service industry, i know how common it is for p pole to insist ten times over that they have a serious allergy and then "sneek" a peice of someone's breaded this or that or order a straight up wheat beer, etc.. I tend to be skeptical too, for that reason. Not only did they take me seriously but they didn't treat it like annoyance or a burden at ALL- even though that had to do about 3 times the work than a regular order. My first visit, he asked me questions about what kind of gluten free things i like, how long it's been since i've had really good pizza and joked with me while he made my sandwich. 
I travel through 30th street station regularly and because of how consistently kind and accommodating the straff is, i've made Jersey Mike's my go-to for lunch. I keep expecting to one of these days have a lethargic, sub-par experience, but it never happens! Every single time, they are just as helpful and thorough and that is pretty rare. So, thank you!I was at 30th Street waiting to take a train to Washington DC for the AIPAC Policy Conference. I had some time to spare so I decided to pick up a Jersey Mike's sub for the train. 
I had never been to a Jersey Mike's Subs before today, but I have been to Subway, which I like. 
First, Jersey Mike's has all the meats and cheeses in a refrigerator in front of you in a fridge. I even saw them cutting the meats and cheeses up right there. 
I decided to go with cold roast beef sandwich on a seeded roll. It also came out nice and fast. 
I eventually, had the sub about half-way through the train ride and it was pretty good. The roast beef was tender and full of flavor and the provolone cheese went perfect with it. I also loved the seeded roll, which tasted fresh and was nice and tasty. 
Altogether, this Jersey Mike's located in 30th Street Station serves some great, tasty subs.A bit on the pricey side but very good sandwiches. I had the turkey & provolone. My sister had similar without provolone and my mother had Chicken cheesesteak.
All were fresh and yummy. Delivery was fast & correct. Will order again!This was the best Jersey Mike's I've had! They just made my Italian so great! The staff was just super nice too - I had a birthday coupon from last year that expired the next day, and they honored it  So note, this location doesn't accept regular Jersey Mike's coupons, I guess? But it was so so so nice that they still gave me my free sandwich and drink - thank you!!I was specifically craving JMs Cali chicken cheesesteak hoagie with fried o light on the mayo on a scooped out whole-wheat roll with peppers and mushroom and man did they deliver. Seriously their best effort thus far. I forgot to ask them to cut it but managed to gobble it all up without a drip on my outfit and didn't even need a napkin even though it was very juicy and delicious. 
Service as always was a 6/5
California chicken cheesesteak hoagie with fried onions, mushrooms, peppers on whole wheat roll light on the mAnother great Lunch spent at Jersey Mike's with work bestie and California chicken cheesesteaks. I ordered the wheat option scooped, light on the mayo,  with fried onions, sweet peppers, tomatoes, lettuce and a side of "hots."  And this time I remembered to ask them to cut the hoagie in half!. We really enjoyed our hoagies. 5/5
Service 6/5
The folks here are really nice and they're fast too. The lines are long but they move for sure. The manager is the sweetest guy- he runs both Wendy's and Jersey Mike's He hires great people and both the Wendy's and Jersey Mikes staff members bend over backwards to make sure you've a great experience! Everyone at JM's from the person who takes your order and cooks it to the cashiers really care about their product and the customers - they're awesome! I remembered to request to have my hoagie cut in half for a much much easier and enjoyable eating experience. One thing Jersey Mike's - they're HOAGIES not subs!This has turned into our go-to place for a fast bite when in Philadelphia, especially since we are always in 30th St Station. We especially like the breakfast menu (not offered in other locations). Pork roll and cheese! Showing our Jersey roots here. The other subs are also great. It makes a difference when the meats and cheeses are fresh sliced to order, instead of being stacked in a tray for who knows how long. We've been to several Jersey Mike's and haven't had a bad one yet. Recommended!I came here to get breakfast before my bus ride. The clerk working behind the counter was laconic and rude. When I got there at 10:02 to get a breakfast sandwich, he gruffly informed me that breakfast ended at 10 AM. I can't abide a food establishment that is unwilling to be flexible to the customer. I proceeded directly to Cosi and ate a very delicious breakfast sandwich, and the staff there couldn't have been nicer.I was specifically craving JMs Cali chicken cheesesteak hoagie with fried o light on the mayo on a scooped out whole-wheat roll with peppers and mushroom and man did they deliver. Seriously their best effort thus far. I forgot to ask them to cut it but managed to gobble it all up without a drip on my outfit and didn't even need a napkin even though it was very juicy and delicious. 
Service as always was a 6/5
California chicken cheesesteak hoagie with fried onions, mushrooms, peppers on whole wheat roll light on the mayo 6/5I have had Jersey Mike's Subs passing through 30th Street station before and stopped by on my way home from trip back home to Midwest. They give you a choice of white or wheat and you choose toppings. They do not skimp on cheese or meat. They prepare your sandwich after you order and slice the meat(in mt case I had the number 7 (turkey). It's tasty, hearty and delicious. A Good deal for anyone, weary traveler, commuter or someone just passing through. I will go back as they have great sub sandwiches.It's a pretty typical Jersey Mike's location. 
It's fine for what it but it's not tops for a sub shop 
But this true of all Jersey Mike's 
Average at best with messy sandwiches 
Lots of better spots availableI went there after work a month ago, the one at 30th street station. They greet you warmly, the meat is fresh, a little costly but worth the sacrifice if you don't want to cook.Took a Regular Club Sub today with Vickie's Salt and Vinegar chips on my train ride home and it hit the spot. The roll could have been a little fresher but it was still tasty as always! It's a little pricey but I figure that's because of location in the City. Staff were friendly and quick!An  amazing sandwich with friendly  staff that will guide you in the right direction of flavor and satisfying itemsI was away for business, heading out of the 39th street station in Philly. Went to Jersey Mike's. I am a big fan of the brand . This was a smaller train station store. The service was so friendly and fast. They made me a huge turkey and provolone wrap.  It was just a great exuberance at something so simple yet so good.  Great job JERSEY MIKES PHILLY !!!When I was waiting for my train at PHL Amtrak station, I used here.
Quality: 5 stars. They serve typical philly cheese steak. I ordered big kahuna cheese steak. They dedicated to make it. I love this
taste!
Volume: 5 stars. I ordered a regular size, but it was enough for me to finish. Plenty of ingredients.
Price: 4 stars. Kahun cheese steak regular was $8.99. It has grilled onions, peppers, mushrooms, jalapeños and extra melted white American cheese. You can choose one bread from several kinds of breads.
Staffs: 4 stars. Businesslike, but quick, accurate and polite.
When I use PHL station, I will be back again.