This place is absolutely amazing, and if you think that Liberty One's observation deck has a great view of the entire city, prepared to be blown away. The glass elevator ride to the 60th floor is only the beginning. Every staff member is eager to chat and show off the area. Every corner is instagram heaven. 
Around the corner and down the hall opens up to a two story open view with lounge seating, and a bar, and even more down below. There is not a bad seat in the house, but the tables of four along the windows are prime real estate. 
The service is 5 star, and the atmosphere is relaxed without the posh stuffy feeling I expected. The food was top notch, and our server Flo was the best. We loved everything that came to the table. We got the watermelon and goat cheese salad & heirloom tomato salad to start. Each cube of melon (red and yellow) were perfectly stacked, each topped with a cheese crumble, and drizzled with olive oil. The tomato salad had a great tangy bite. Next, the mushroom pizza was topped with a perfectly cooked fried egg, and the fries with herbs were delicious. They have a great cocktail menu to to go with it. 
I can't wait to go back for dinner and see the views at night.Not only the newest lounge in the city but easily has skyrocketed to the best with absolutely the best views of the city! Enter the Four Seasons hotel and go to the 60th floor for panoramic views of Philadelphia. There are a few tables around for seating but the bar has good space. Cocktails are 16$ a piece and wine ranges from 15$-25$ a glass. The menu has small plates and shareables (we had the chicken tacos, tuna lettuce cups, truffle pizza which was absolutely incredible and pine nut dips). The carrot cake we had for desert was amongst the best I've ever had. 100% has now become my new favorite sport for drinks in the city!The view is unlike any other. Great cocktails at the bar. Highly recommend the lychee raspberry Bellini. Well worth the visit! We went during sunset and while the view was amazing, there was also a dj setting the mood with great music!The service was super slow.  Timing of everyones meal was so off.  Our water was empty too often for the price of our meals.  The food was super salty and the quality of the salmon sushi was not great.  The view was the only thing that was great.This place is amazing ! Perfect place for a special date, a celebration or if you just feeling cute and want to feel special. 
This place is literally sky high! We went around 5 pm on a Friday with no reservations. We were lucky enough to find seats in the lounge. Ordered a couple of manhattans, corn croquettes, wagyu egg rolls( so so good) and truffle fries. 
Small tapas style food but amazing quality and great service. 
Can't wait to go back !I've worked in many years in the hospitality/food&beverage industry, been to quite a few food and beverage outlets at Four Seasons properties and many upscale bars/lounges around the world. I never found anywhere's service as horrible and repulsive as this one. Four Seasons really needs to restructure this entire place because it is a disgrace to the brand. I had high expectations, all of which were shattered on my visit.
Where do we start?
I came here for afternoon happy hour on a Friday in October and while as aesthetically pleasing this place is - the service was horrible. 
We were seated with no troubles but as soon as we were seated, we were only given the bar food menu for the first 20 minutes. Yes, 20 minutes elapsed between being seated and being given the bar drinks menu. Our server did not apologize at all or anything and it seems like she treated every table in the vicinity just as poorly as ours. We had to wait another 10-15 minutes after receiving the bar drinks menu just to put in our cocktail orders. That's 35 minutes of dead time. I've never had such poor service at any bar and let alone an expensive upscale bar/lounge at a Four Seasons property. 
When the drinks came, the cocktails were in a wine glass which was somewhat strange to me, not to mention that the drink size was definitely out of ratio with the size of the glass. The drinks tasted very average - not memorable and definitely not worth $16. The cocktail selection was limited and overall just lacking.
The food portion that came out was also ridiculously small for the price paid. The calamari was essentially a portion size for kids, let alone two people. I could say the same about the cheese fritters. 
When it came time to pay, our server was very pushy, rude, and unprofessional about gratuity - as if she provided us any decent service at all to deserve anything. In all of my years in both working in the hospitality industry and as a customer myself, I have never seen anything like this. I found it as very unprofessional behavior to stand on top of the guest while they are selecting gratuity amount on the credit card reader, pressure the guest to select one of the three "pre-set" buttons which just so happen to be 18%, 20% and 25%, act surprised/confused when  the guest selects the fourth button (custom tip) and give a marked lower tip amount, and announce that fact to the whole table. Baffled to say the least.
The only thing this place has going for it - is the glass elevator ride up, the ambiance, decor, and atmosphere. That's it.
I would not come back here until they fix the service and frankly distasteful business practices they put on here.Love the lounge area for a relaxing evening drink and bar snack! Tried it last night and have already returned in less than 24 hours. Oops! There are no better views in Philly and this space is so different from anything I've ever seen here in this city. This breaks the mold of Philly's restaurants. Honestly the interior a bit like a space ship which is super fun!! My first time I tried the summer corn which was great... it's nice to have a dark drink that feels light. I have tried the tuna tartare lettuce wraps which a great light option packed with a punch of flavor... I'm not usually a fan of spicy items but I have to say these hit the spot. I can't wait to try a full service dinner in the dining room. What a wonderful atmosphere! Nice staff and a great management team!Outstanding service and the food is amaaazing! And the views.... breathtaking!! The experience is truly fantastic!!!The bar itself is truly stunning however the service factor is what is making me leave them a poor review. The bartender on duty the night I went was frazzled, likely due to the understaffing on a busy Saturday night which led him being extremely rude. He was really irritated with me for not having an open tab and deciding to pay for my drinks individually despite the fact I was tipping him 20%. He charged me for extra drinks without my permission, and decided to  make a big production of cutting me off for spilling my drink at the bar. Whereas when one of the "working girls" at the bar did the same thing her drink was refilled no questions asked. The service you expect from a Four seasons is sorely lacking. It seems they can't decide if they want to be a bar for everyone or cater to an upscale clientele. I called for resolution to my issues with the manager and expressed how the service was an issue and was promised to have my extra drinks refunded which never happened. I would recommend going here when the hype wears down, go off hours and stick to one drink and leave. And to management I'd say hire a bar staff with thicker skins and deeper experience in hospitality.Wonderful experience right till the bill. I was surprising my fiance with the dinner, we had a great time, food was delicious, ambiance was wonderful with the 60th floor views and drinks were divine. I asked for the check and the server promptly brought it and placed it right in front of my fiance. Kind of hated that this sexist assumption was made that the man has to pay for the meal even though I made the reservation, ordered everything and requested for the check. And paid for it. Next time maybe they should just place it on the table in a neutral zone and let the people at the table decide who's going to pay.Truly impressed with James' service. Definitely worth checking out for great views, good food, and beverages.Omg I cannot get enough of this space. I have been here and on the 59th floor for brunch and dinner five times now since they opened. Both menus and the tasting menu are fabulous! The flower arrangements are breathtaking and new every time I come ( so far almost once weekly )! Definitely worth checking out. Tasty, fun, gorgeous, super beautiful and all around amazing feeling. Just what this city needed to put a little ahhh and extra love to the fabulous potential we have here!Overpriced and disappointing. The highlight was the fun elevator ride and view. The ginger margarita had good flavor but tasted weak. A lemonade cocktail sounded interesting but using absolut in a $16 drink is absurd. The chicken taco was not good. A dry cold falling apart store bought tortilla with bland chicken and a tiny bit of salsa. I would rather go to chipotle. This place will not last in Philadelphia unless they make some changes- better alcohol in the drinks, housemade tortillas, etc. Simple fixes but as of now blah and uninspiring.This is such a cool place to go! It has an impeccable view of the city. We decided to grab drinks here while we were visiting philly. Our friend took us here and we were sooo impressed! It was the most breathtaking view. Such an upscale atmosphere. The drinks were great too!Stopped in for a quick bite. The place has been open for three weeks.
Small plates, nice cocktails and fabulous views. Looking down on my old office in Two Liberty. It is bright up here. We are looking South. It is around 1230pm on a Thursday.
Ordered a couple of cocktails, Summer Corn and Vodka thyme lemonade. Cloth napkins. Placemats not yet available. We had cloth coasters.
Got the recommended dishes. Two salads, then the beef sliders and shrimp satay. Kale and broccoli with a poached egg. Crispy salmon sushi.  Both were divine. There was a hint of mint in that kale. The salmon was tender and perfectly flavored.
Service is very attentive and pleasant. As if by wizardry, the shades facing south came down halfway to shade our table from the warming rays. Very nice. 
Total $172. A bit high for lunch w/drinks for 2. But it is very nice and you can't beat the views.
Ambiance "a", Service "a", Food "a", Value "c".
We will return to try Jean George's main restaurant for a proper dinner at some point.
Mark & Nancy.I was literally blown away when I walked off the elevators. I didn't know what to expect with all the hype for the opening of the four seasons. It didn't disappoint - it is now the ultimate rooftop in all of Philadelphia. 60 floors up. 
The views begin as you ride the glass elevator (get ready for your ears to pop). You enter into a large space - first a bar/ lounge and then stairs lead you to a separate more formal dining area. There is no outdoor seating/ tables available. 
Drinks are pricey but you pay for the view/experience so definitely worth it for that special occasion. We ordered the cucumber martini and the ginger margarita - both were great. We didn't  try any food this time.
Can't wait to be back.Beautiful views and beautiful architecture definitely worth visiting. When I first entered the Four Seasons, I was greeted by a staff member who was pretty much directing people to the right direction. I told him we had a reservation and he brought us over to a desk. (Good thing I had a 6pm reservation because it was an hour wait!) we were brought over to the elevators and it brought us straight up to the 60th floor. My ears popped from the ride up, but the views were amazing!
We got off the elevator and we are greeted by a beautiful floral arrangement and more staff members, asking if we were going to JG SkyHigh or Jean-Georges. We were led to another desk and then finally seated in the dining area. One side is for reservations and the other side is open for bar seating. You are allowed to walk around the perimeter of JG SkyHigh.
I ordered the lychee raspberry Bellini, which was made just right. (All cocktails were $16 so it better taste good. lol). We ordered the spicy tuna tartare lettuce cups, which was pretty tasty. The squash blossom pizza I was disappointed with. Aside from the burnt crust, the taste of the squash blossom was subtle and a nice blend with the cheese.
Reasons why I'm only giving 4 stars: I feel that the setup for 2 seaters are pretty close to each other, as if we were dining with each other. The pizza I ordered had a burnt crust - not exactly how I enjoy my pizza. And lastly, price point. I get it, it's luxury dining with top notch views. You get what you pay for. You can definitely look around and see the type of clientele it's catered towards.
JG SkyHigh is definitely worth a visit. I highly recommend making a reservation. Service was wonderful and the views are definitely worth soaking in, especially at sunset. My experience was overall good and would recommend at least visiting once!Beautiful place and amazing views. Prepare to be harassed if you're just meeting people at the bar. It was uncomfortable and rude when I was followed going to meet my friends. It's a shame because it's a beautiful location but the service needs to improve.5 stars for cocktails and vibe of the place. Really enjoyed the atmosphere and the view. 3 stars for the food... it was average and overpriced,  but you're paying for the view. Overall, I would go back but skip the food and just have some drinks at the barexperience 5/5
food 3/5
service 5/5
overall, 4.3
the second you step into the four seasons, you know it's gon be good. everything is so beautifully decorated and modern, even the elevator. that elevator ride is probably the best elevator ride in philly
once you get to the top you're overwhelmed by the view and the beautifully decorated entrance. we got a windowside seat at the lounge but almost every seat here is a good view. recommend to go around sunset time
we started with some drinks; i got the lychee martini which was delicious, definitely recommend. we then got the salmon sushi (4 pcs), calamari and mushroom pizza
the salmon sushi was delicious, love the fresh salmon and even though the flash fried rice was a little bit chewy it was still yummy. the calamari was also good, wish for the portion there was a little bit more but it's JG fine dining so i'm not surprised. the mushroom pizza was underwhelming; i've definitely had better for a better price. 
all in all, service was great and the ambiance doesn't match any other. do yourself a favor and go for the experience!Epic views. World class food. Tremendous overall experience. JG Skyhigh is well-worth the long lines & difficulty getting a reservation. It's one of the hottest tickets in town for a reason: It has a sexy almost Vegas-ish pulse & it's perfect for a special occasion or big night out. Everything we ate deserved the word wow - or, begged the question "How'd they do that?" Seating: Window table facing south is great, as you can look out & watch the planes coming in/out of PHL.This place is amazing but needs a little work.  Just a little but it's important... I'd expect some bugs after only being open 4 months but no toilet paper in the ladies room isn't one of them.  Especially on a Monday night at 7:30.  The bar wasn't overly crowded, there were still tables available so for the restaurant/bar associated with such a high end hotel to fall short on something so simple yet so important is surprising.  
Otherwise the food, cocktails, service and ambiance were excellent.  And the view?  AMAZING!Such a disappointment! Wonderful view but one of the worst dinner I've ever had in Philadelphia. The menu doesn't offer any chef's specials at the bar, the service is slow and disorganized, just get ready to wait forever even for dessert. Also, if you try to reserve on line, make sure that you reserve at the restaurant if that's where you want to eat. The bar tables are intermingled with the restaurant tables, the servers are all the same and nowhere it says that you are actually dining at the bar and not at the restaurant. On the menu there is also no specificsOn a rainy weekday with a view in the clouds, five us decided to have lunch out. Although there were tables in the restaurant that were empty, we were directed to the tapas/bar area. One of our members pointed out there were plenty of open tables--to which the Host mansplained to us that they were reserved and you have to call to make a reservation.  Although we nearly left with that insult, we decided to make do. We had 5 or 6 shared plates--which were all very tastey, albeit, in the nouvelle cuisine can't-see-the-food-on-the-plate way. We all had two cocktails each--delicious and lots of fun combinations--but not particularly generous.  On leaving, we decided we had been judged to be too rain bedraggled to be seated in the restaurant as we'd requested as the table we spotted earlier remained empty the entire time we were there.  Considering we dropped $300 (including the tip), the host ruined the experience.If you're looking for a meal- make sure you book Jean George's as this area is strictly appetizers. Definitely misleading as you're in a more formal dining setting (unless you're at a bar high top). Great food. Expect to spend around $500 for two people including alcohol. Definitely pricey for apps. Great happy hour though! Incomparable architecture and views!!Loved it! The elevator ride up to the 60th floor was an experience! Sexy, elegant space! Amazing, sweeping views of Philly! Friendly, attentive staff. The beef sliders were delicious! Can't wait to go back!Loved this place - after all, what's not to love about a spectacular sky-high setting in a Four Seasons hotel, great service, and outstanding food? The elevator ride up (some 60-odd floors) is literally ear-popping and gives you a great view of the city. The ceiling is high, arched, and mirrored, and the bar (where a co-worker and I ate) was hopping. We squeezed past crowds to the back of the bar near the windows and were promptly taken care of. Sometime after we got our drinks but before our food arrived, our bartender spotted a couple empty seats and urged us to grab them. When she saw I was starting to gather up my glass and place setting, she was like no no, I'll bring everything over, hurry and get those spots.
When the food arrived (we ordered just a few small plates), it did not disappoint in regards to either presentation or taste. Every mouthful was an exquisite combination of flavors, and I left with a full and happy belly. Only the sky-high prices will prevent me from making this a regular hauntSo we walked in without a reservation, immediately seated in the lounge with an awesome server, Alicia, and we were completely overwhelmed with the experience! The ride up the glass elevator was like being in a glass airplane during takeoff!!!  Not a bad seat in the place. Drinks are a bit pricy, but you have to have the mentality of going into an observatory where alcoholic beverages are served. Food was perfectly balanced and the seating was spectacular!  Definitely coming back here with a group for dinner! FYI. Restaurant/ dinner menu is served on the lower floor, just below the lounge (59-1/2)It's overpriced and the food wasn't what I expected. Also I think the server could have been a little more helpful and attentive to our table. He lacked personality and I didn't get his name. The view is AMAZING!!!!! And the host Sabrina was very kind.It was a magical night! My friends gave me a wonderful night  for mY birthday. The place is breathtaking, from tHe elevator ride up. To the main entrance to the restaurant. Sitting on top of the city, and looking out. The decor was stunning. The food was superb. We are friends who like too share. We did small plates. It is an experience you have to treat yourself to. I was in gastronomy heaven. My favorite was the steak tenderloin with chimichurri. I was absolutely enjoyed every bite. But, most of all being there with loving friends who are family. Makes it even more special. A night I will never forgetYessss!  This place is fabulous!  I live very close so I'll be frequenting it often.  Taylor was my bartender.  She was amazing.  I had the Comme Si, salmon sushi, calamari, Sauvignon Blanc, 3 layer malted chocolate ganache cake with marshmallow meringue and a glass of port.  It was all so delicious.  The dining room is beautiful and sexy.  It's on the 60th floor and I am afraid of heights so that glass elevator ride up was something but I just held onto the handrail and shut my eyes or looked forward and not out the glass part.  I can't wait to go back!I made reservations for myself which later on I wanted to add my husband  about 3 days prior to my reservation date. I was surprised that I was told it's fully booked because I thought it would be easy to add another person to a one party reservation. I was seated to a two seats table so he could have been seated together. 
I learnt that JG SkyHigh serves small plates while Jean George on the lower level serves full course dinner.
The front desk lady is super friendly and helpful. My server was nice but reserved and not as welcoming, warm, and friendly,like the others. 
The sourdough bread is super soft and moist. The texture is more like white bread. It comes with a high quality of olive oil which is poured in front of you. The person who serves it is very courteous. You can have a refill for the bread
Shrimp "satay". I write it in parenthesis because it's not a real satay. I'm from Indonesia so I know it's not a satay. Satay is supposed to be grilled. It's kinda an insult to my culture by naming it a satay . The three huge shrimps are breaded in panko on two sides and fried. The sweet and sour dipping sauce is watery and flavorless. The shrimps are juicy though. 
The chocolate cake with marshmallow icing is really delicious. It's not too sweet. It's dense and fudgy.
I asked to take home two slices of my leftover bread and to my surprise I got a full serving of bread.
Overall the view is more enjoyable than the food except the chocolate cake. I think the selling point of this place is the view and atmosphere.More of a 3.5 but I rounded down. A gorgeous location on the 60th floor of the Comcast (2) building, the view can't be beat. Beautifully decorated, it oozes elegance and sophistication. We had reservations so we were able to bypass the line downstairs. 
Service started out great but really tapered off as the meal went on to the point we had to actually get up and ask for the check and also to run the card. The prices are very high (not surprising) but the food didn't quite live up to the price - or even close to be honest. We got the cheesesteak spring rolls, truffle pizza, tuna tartar and the turkey sliders. All fine but I wouldn't come back for any of it. Cheesesteak spring rolls were our favorite but only come with two very small pieces (about 2 bites each). Truffle pizza and tuna were sadly bit bland. 
Cocktails were great though, I had a couple ginger margaritas which I loved. All in all a nice experience but I would probably only return for drinks only.Last night, I had a chance to check out this incredible space on the invitation of V Shayne Frederick, who is now curating live jazz for the space on Wednesday evenings. You know from the moment you step on the fast moving elevator that whisks you up to the 60th floor that you're in for an exceptional sensory experience. And it was. Well appointed, elegant, sophisticated - no details were spared. Who would expect less?  This is the Four Seasons brand and therefore one could and should anticipate service of the highest quality. 
To make a long story short, I walked around the perimeter of the space to take in the views of the city; I enjoyed the music, the conversation, and a couple of cocktails and vowed to my companion for the evening that I would most definitely return.  The only downside that I'll note here is that you need a reservation to secure a table - and seating at the bar was comfortable but limited.The tuna lettuce wraps are a must have. Amazing service and beautiful views. Definitely recommend.The good: Service was top notch. Everyone was so professional and friendly. The ambience and the view were to die for! The drinks were pretty good. Excellent place for a date or a meeting. 
The bad: The food was not up to standards for a restaurant with this prestige. Cheesesteak spring rolls and crispy calamari were very greasy. Pizza was personal size and very greasy and soggy (the crust became stuck to the parchment paper). The organic chicken was tough and underwhelming. The rhubarb pie was cold served with ice cream ( warm desserts are often served with ice cream). This bill with two drinks came out to $160 plus gratuities ~$200. 
In conclusion, I would be back for the ambience but not for the food.JH Skyhigh functions more as an experience than a restaurant in my opinion. The most memorable part of dining here was the glass elevator ride up and the view which overlooks all of philly. I might even be able to see my house from there if I had binoculars! The staff was great. They were professional and formal. They took our orders and put everything in perfectly. So far everything was going great until the food came in. Don't get me wrong the food for the most part was amazing but the amount of food was a bit off putting. The dishes barely got us full yet the amount of money this was worth could have gotten us about two weeks worth of groceries. I understand it's a nicer restaurant and therefore it would have lesser portions but like I said the food was amazing FOR THE MOST PART. It's really good but not anything spectacular enough to spend this much money on especially at these portions. If you want the full Philly overview experience and riding a glass elevator up then I say go for it. I strongly recommend going here atleast once in your life time for the view and to try out the food but I myself wouldn't become a regular here.JG SkyHigh is our new go-to place for after dinner drinks. Very comfortable seating high above the city with panoramic views. The drinks and food are awesome and hospitality is first class. Jordan, our favorite server, really knows how to treat each customer like they're her only customer. We'll be back soon!Love coming here for drinks once in a while. The view is breathtaking. The waiting line is a bit long but it's worth the wait. The drinks are just okay though. I recommend not ordering from the cocktail menu and just tell the bartender what you like. First time i did that I had amazing drinks, the second time I could swear that they forgot the alcohol of how lite it was. Maybe it's safer to go for a glass of wine. Overall, the place is incredible and I'll keep going back.One of the best place to visit in Philadelphia center city. The view was just awesome. As I am vegetarian I had not so many options but the bar and the restaurant was pretty packed. I would say make your reservation in advance so you don't have to wait. We were there for almost 2 and half hour and it was really great so see the sun goes down and see the lights of the city. Quite a high price restaurant but that was expected.
Will definitely visit again.
Food 4/5
Ambiance 4.5/5
City View 10/5We had this sort of brilliant revel in at JG Skyhigh! The glass elevator journey taking you up 60 stories gave great perspectives. Our meals have been scrumptious and the atmosphere is so enjoyable. Make sure to leave room for the chocolate layer cake!After much persuasion and continuous praise from a friend, I came to JG SkyHigh restaurant for brunch. The menu is not that extensive so only had a few things to choose from.
I decided that it's been some time since I last had French toast that I would give the brioche French toast a try. It comes with bacon and maple syrup (I gave my bacon to a friend)... the French toast was rather crunchy on the outside and extremely soft on the inside... Was kind of an odd combo. Wasn't the best French toast but it was cool with some strawberry jelly and the maple syrup. 
Our server Antoinette was super great and helpful! We must visit again and make sure to be seated in her section. Lol She suggested the mushroom encrusted salmon for one of my friends and it was amazing (yes, I had to sneak a piece)... Next trip here I will be indulging.I've never felt so unwelcome in a Four Seasons before than this time at JG Skyhigh. Sat ourselves at the bar and within 3 min someone came asking for our information and informed us we only had 1 hour before the next bar reservation. Bar reservation for 2 people? WTF? 
I'll take my money where I am welcome. What a letdown from a five star hotel group + restaurant that praises themselves in "luxury".The food we had was delicious. But we certainly would have gotten more had our overall experience been more welcoming.
Service is what will keep me from going back. Hostess took way too long to check us in for our Saturday lunch. I gave the name, and we stood there while she fiddled on the computer for way longer than normally necessary. 
As we were seated, I noticed the restaurant was less than half full. I had two specific requests in my reservation, one of which was "we are celebrating a special occasion, would like a table next to the window please." We were seated as far from the window and as close to the center aisle as possible (also next to a group with a bunch of kids). Gee, guess I shouldn't have bothered to ask for special treatment? At least half of the window tables we still open and available. So that was an immediate bummer to the entire meal. It makes you feel like the restaurant truly doesn't value you as a customer. 
Next, our server was pretty disinterested. A new table was seated right next to us as we were paying and they had a different server, who was engaging, described menu items, talked about specials, etc. So we were bummed to see the type of service we *could* have gotten. 
The second request on my reservation was also completely ignored, which made me wonder, why bother allowing guests to even ask? Then when we left, I find I've been reported to OpenTable as a no-show. So clearly the hostess just couldn't figure out who I was or how to mark the reservation correctly, which for sure explains why everything went the way it did. But no matter, the damage is done.  Hopefully they can get their service act together, because the food was delicious. But it puts a damper on the whole experience when service is such a letdown.Amazing!!! The view..... so beautiful. The food was delicious- we were a group of 4 and tried almost everything on the menu. Definitely check it out!!!Have been here twice now, once during the day and once at night. It was recommended that we get reservations for both, and I would agree. During the day we could have just sat at the bar but having a reservation guarantees you get in. Check opentable a few times, even if there isn't one when you first look.
Drinks: great. Smaller cocktail menu but they can make pretty much anything. I've now had their cucumber martini (highly recommend) and vodka lemonade on the menu, and we asked for espresso martinis (not on the menu) but were fabulous. 
Food: had the mushroom pizza. Omg. So good and reasonably priced. Would absolutely recommend.
All in all, great spot for a nicer occasion to have drinks. Cool to bring friends from out of town because you can see the entire city from above, so daytime is recommended. We were in jeans, no need to dress up.Must see! Went for birthday cocktails and bites with some friends. The place was beautifully decorated for the holidays. The view is AMAZING! Recommend making reservations, as there was a line for the bar area.When you first walk into JG Skyhigh, you expect that you're going to drop a pretty penny. It's entirely elegant with stunning views of the city, perched on the 64th floor in the tallest building in Philly. However when you look at the menu, the prices are cheap! For how fancy the restaurant comes off, you wouldn't expect such an affordable experience. 
Despite its sophisticated setting, the food is somewhat disappointing. Three members of our party ordered the eggs benedict, but I wasn't too impressed. Not enough ham, hollandaise was fine, and the english muffin could have been crispier. I tried the french toast that my sister ordered, and it's texture is just off-putting. It tries too hard to be unique, when in the end, you kind of just want a simpler dish. 
I will commend their service. Our waitress was thoughtful and endearing, incredibly friendly and even gave us complimentary mimosas for my mother's birthday. 
Overall, I could have done with a bit more refined dish that would have made this experience a lot better. For the class, congenial service, and impeccable scenery, JG is a five. When it comes to the food, I would probably give it a three at best. Nothing terrible, but underneath a pretty face is a load of mediocrity.JG SkyHigh is hands-down the classiest restaurant & bar in all of Philly.
The staff and service is top-notch. The ambiance and venue is incredibly luxe. The online pictures really don't do it justice.
The food itself is completely delectable & well-portioned. For two people, multiple drinks & multiple plates - it was less than $200 in total. 
I've been twice now, and it is truly a 5-star experience everytime. I really cannot recommend JG enough.I'm so mad at myself. Lol, This reviews is so overdue. My daughter and I were looking for place to have breakfast for my 50th birthday. (3.16) We came across JG in our search. 60 floors up hmm. Sounded pretty interesting. We had no idea how much. Upon arrival the doorman was key. He was super polite and thanked us for dining with them. They took great caution during this period of Covid. We had our temperature checked and off we went to the express elevator. The ride was smooth like butter baby! Once upstairs, 60 stories to be exact we were met by more wonderful staff. We were taken to our seats. Yessss. Near the big beautiful window.  It was a little cloudy but still quite a view. We were told that Breakfast had ended but Our lovely Waitress pulled some strings and we were able to have a magnificent breakfast complete with pancakes, eggs, home fries, sausage the works!!. We even had mimosas which was on the house because it was my birthday. I believe our waitress name was Andrea or Adrian I'm so sorry I can't remember but she was the bomb. She was funny, personable, charismatic and down to earth, we loved her. To top off our breakfast she gave me a cookie with the edible happy birthday sign, truly an amazing experience. We are so looking forward to visiting PA again and JG skyhigh is definitely on the agenda. Philadelphia is truly the city of brotherly love and JG is part of the reason why!Not impressed.  Actually very disappointing.  Was hoping to find a nice, fun venue that I could go to for a nice drink or high-end quick dinner but didn't find it here.  The service was slow and inattentive.  We stood at the bar for a good 10 mins before one of the three bartenders asked if we needed anything.  Additionally, we asked for the food menu and it took 15 more minutes and us proactively asking if we could order before someone took the order.  Once the food came not a single bartender came over to ask us if we needed anything else.  The food portions are amazingly small.  For example the cheesesteak spring roll was literally just one spring roll cut diagonally into two pieces and had almost no flavor.  The hummus was eh at best.  The beef sliders were good (nothing special, Shake Shack is much better) but I think we thought it was good because the hummus and cheesesteak spring roll were so disappointing.  The beef sliders were also the only item that was sized appropriately to share.  Did not try dessert so cannot comment on that.  The space itself is beautiful and the views are stunning but with the food and service I don't I will be back unless I am accompanying someone who wants to check it out for the novelty factor.As the name implies, this bar is situated on the 60th floor of the Four Seasons Hotel. Overlooking the city of brotherly love, the view is just magnificent. This should definitely be on your hit list for bars with a view of Philadelphia. The bar offers a delightful menu to accompany a creatively mixed cocktail or wine. Overall, you really go to the sky bar for the ambiance. Enjoy the views!!!This place has everything done right all the way down to the details. 
Each guest is provided a hand wipe and sturdy ziplock bag for your mask. This is soooo impressive because it shows they are paying attention to the CDC recommendations on proper mask storage!
Ordered the heirloom tomatoes, sweet pea guacamole, and truffle pizza. Food was tasty and service was swift. 
Price is a bit high at $10 for bottled water, but food pricing is reasonable.Definitely a place to come for the views and vibes but not necessarily for the food. The service was decent especially loved the covid masks bag they put on each of our seats. The views are also absolutely phenomenal -- you can see everything you need to see in Philly from the top (love the Art Museum view). 
The wagyu steak roll was surprising in a bad way -- we thought it was going to be much bigger but literally came as one roll cut in half. 
The truffle pizza was the best out of all the dishes but also it's quite small not a normally sized pizza. 
PRO TIP: 
1. Reservation was hard to get but also because we went during graduation weekend 
2. If you go, ask for the seats near the windows so you can see the view!Really disappointed at Philly racism. We arrived at 5 pm on Sunday to an empty restaurant. We were told by the waitress/hostess that the seats facing the windows (and sunset views) were taken by a "large party" so we couldn't have them. We left at 7:30, and up until that point, only a small party of 3 white women had gotten seated (at 7:15 pm). Sounds about "white is right" to wait 2.5 hours for white women over 2 brown folks. Will not be returning.If I could put 0 star I would do it, the place was very beautiful and good looking but the service was horrible, I probably get better service e at Wendy's, food they don't have nothing special probably 7/8 things in the all entire menu , I was gonna get a burger lol, didn't try any drinks because I forgot the Id in the car and the manager didn't let me have Any, didn't felt to go all the way downstairs to the car to get the id, so I just left, nothing special, ugly experience, there way better restaurant then that, good luck friends .Above and beyond! View is unparalleled. Our waiter was Michael, fantastic service + etiquette, very helpful and accommodating.
He made our experience very pleasurable and had perfect timing.
We started with the buratta +  strawberry, the taste combination and the bread was amazing. Then we had the salmon (perfect) and rigatoni (a little spicy, full-bodied flavor and PERFECT meatballs).
The Lychee Raspberry Bellini was good, recommended if you like Prosecco. If you're looking for something tastier though, perhaps try the speciality margarita.  
We WILL be BACK again, and again. 
We thought to leave this review to thank our server Michael for treating us well.so this is the casual dining place of the FS Philly and it was great. no one dish changed my life but you know anything and everything you get will be solid as nearly all four seasons cook everything from scratch. fries were one exception at one property i remember but his property seemed to make them by hand.
the menu is mostly small plates and apps vs big entrees. service was spotty but its ok, we weren't in a rush. 
i particularly loved the apple pie, the calamari, the hummus, but honestly you can't go wrong with anything. 
went for saturday lunch, reservations suggested, and it was packed but died out a bit later.
JEANS: OK for sure
ORDER: Wait staffThree story indoor restaurant and bar area with wraparound views of Philadelphia from the top of the Four Seasons.  Very open air feel, with floor to ceiling windows.  Great atmosphere and best views in the city.  Will be back.The elevator ride all the way to the very top of this skyscraper is a great first impression! To follow up with intentionally attentive service only makes for the perfect night out in the city.The best view of Philly I have found, gorgeous interior and design, and decent enough drinks. 
Was at the bar for cocktails, so did not try the food. Went around 6PM on a Monday. Crowded but eventually found some space at the bar. Only 2 bartenders and the people after us literally waited 20min for two iced teas. Drinks are pricey but you're obviously paying for the decor and view. Relatively small list of cocktails available at the bar. Also took a while to come out. I had the comme si and it was good. I like the Raki which I've seen in a drink before. Nothing to write home about. 
Now why would you go here? Because of everything else. The 60floor elevator ride gives you an amazing view right from the get go. The glass on the high ceilings, the flower arrangements, everything just makes the ambiance amazing. You can get a great view of sunset, the art museum district, north Philly, all the way out to the Betsy Ross Bridge. 
One other negative was that it was confusing as to how getting drinks and seating works. There is a restaurant and bar down the stairs (which have water fixtures on both sides and offers a great view once again) which we presumed we can't go to, but there were no instructions. Then there is a bar on the top with lots of couches and small tables as well. It was unclear if those were up for grabs, or if anyone would come around to take your drink order if you sat at one of the high tops. Took us a while to realize we had to go to the bar. 
In a nutshell, you absolutely have to go just to check out the ambiance and view. Pretty sure there is nothing like this in Philly. You can take or leave the drinks.The food was great, but small portions as you'd expect from a nicer restaurant. The one thing I do have to safe is the service was lack-luster, while everyone was polite and happy to help, we had to wait an hour for a bottle of wine and significantly for our appetizers we put in right away. For the price point and the reviews, we expected more. While a nice Date venue and a beautiful setting, we will not be returning. There's far better value elsewhere in the city with better service without the price tag!My favorite place in the city. The building is stunning. My food and drinks were amazing! The crowd was beautiful and  I loved the view. The only issue I had was my waitress was hard to find and she did not look polished. This is really a well put together, visually stunning restaurant and bar.What an amazing night! Could not ask for a better place to spend my anniversary.   The view is amazing. The staff is attentive and amazing. The food is spectacular.  Specialty drinks is a must. Ask Juan to make you "the old boy" 
I would give this place 10 starsNot impressed by drinks or service. The place is unbelievably beautiful, really stunning. Mirrored ceilings reflect Logan square bellow. Service was very slow, drinks were weak. I went the week they opened so maybe it'll get better in the future.Great food with great service and views! I had ordered calamari for appetizers and salmon for lunch. The calamari was good, but not spectacular. However, the salmon was beyond amazing. It was cooked to perfection, juicy, and tasty. The bed of mashed potatoes is what tied the meal together. I loved it. The views were awesome! I could see the entire city. The service was great as well. I'll be back for more!Went here for my bday dinner last week because I wanted to soak up the city views and it did not disappoint! So stunning. Drinks were good but I was sorely disappointed by my entree. The portion size, presentation and actual taste was such a let down. I ordered the beef tenderloin, most expensive entree on the menu and this is what came...that is how the steak and potatoes arrived on my plate, no joke. 
Appetizers and dessert were yummy enough and the drinks put me in a good mood otherwise lol...On a Friday afternoon my friend and I wanted to check out this restaurant and if were lucky enough to get seatings.
The ride up was an experience by itself. Great view of the city. On top you can explore the city. My favorite site is the Art museum.
The lobby of the hotel is beautifully decorated with huge flower arrangement. On your left is the restaurant.
We were lucky to be able to dine without reservation. They recommend 2 months in advance.
I had carrot cake. It's very moist and not too sweet. However I found only few shredded carrots without other typical ingredients of carrot cake such as raisin an had coconut. The icing is smooth and not too thick. Overall it's not a heavy dessert.  To be honest I was underwhelmed because I had high expectations from this restaurant. It's delicious but for lacking of the wow factor.
On the other hand, my friend's cherry pie wa amazing. It's a mini pie fully filled with delicious bursting cherry without any corn starch fillers. The crust isn't your typical pie crust. It's super flaky with layers like croissant. It's served with almond sorbet.Visited here for a date night. It is located in the Four Seasons hotel. The elevator ride up to the 60 floor was pretty cool. The ambiance was perfect for a date night or if you're trying to impress someone on a first date. You cannot beat the views from the top of Philly as you wine and dine. I would say if you're very hungry this isn't the place for you in terms of value. The pizza was delicious and we tried the sushi, as well as their take on a strawberry sundae. Had a few drinks. Only reason I gave 4 stars is because of it being unbelievably pricey but the experience was well worth the visit. If we go back it would be just for drinks and the cool experience. And oh yeah, dress to impress !Felt like a dream. Environment is so luxurious and fancy, you won't even notice your food.Just wanted to say everything was amazing.. atmosphere, service, food. Perfect spot for a date. And want to thank Sam for helping us with a great experienceFirst things first, you come here for the view and it is amazing.  The elevator is a bit intense, but also very satisfying watching the ground rush away from you.  I'd be interested in coming back during the daytime to see the view in the sun.  
We came for some drinks and snacks to celebrate a friend's birthday.  It was a good time.  I tried the yellowfin tuna tartare which was served with avocado, radish, ginger, and chili.  It was very tasty, and is worth an order.  Though it was overshadowed a bit by the crispy sea trout sushi.  It was described as being served with chipotle mayonnaise and a soy glaze.  I'm not there was something in the flavor that I couldn't identify, but it was delicious.  My favorite thing I ate that night. 
The cocktails that we had were good.  However, I thought they could have done a bit more with the cocktail menu.  We had just recently ate downstairs at Vernick Fish, and I thought the cocktails down there (or at least the cocktails on the menu) were more interesting than up here in the bar.  Let me be clear, they were very good, I guess I just expected them to be better than Vernick Fish's.  I tasted the walnut rye boulevardier, the kumquat mojito, and the lychee raspberry bellini.  
The service was warm and friendly.  Honestly, if the service hadn't been what it was, I would have thought the bar to be too cold/sterile.The service was amazing. Brielle was great and very attentive. The atmosphere was also amazing, music, views, and overall ambiance. Drinks were just okay; food was not even as good as the drinks. The menu was also very limited; like one of their main dishes is pizza.  At a place like this you are paying for ambiance which it did well but their food and drinks leave a lot to be desired. Also oddly when the time was up for our table they moved us to a secluded area with no table service as opposed to the bar our lounge area (which could have been full for all i know) but it felt strange to be in such a secluded area.I've heard a lot of mixed reviews about GJ sky high, but just the elevator ride up to the top alone is worth it regardless of what you feel about the food and the drinks. Stunning views and a beautifully designed space make it well with the visit!One of the most impressive-looking indoor rooftops I've been to!
JG SkyHigh is a fancy restaurant/bar on the 60th floor of the Four Seasons. It's definitely a place to bring someone you're trying impress or celebrate.  Since we came for lunch on a Monday, the restaurant was pretty empty, which was a pleasant surprise. The staff did a good job spacing out the parties that were present. 
I ordered the strawberry Thai basil lemonade for my cocktail, which was good but definitely quite tart (not a bad thing). Our group shared the black truffle pizza (delicious and light) and I chose the salmon for my entree, which was tasty and not too heavy - I loved the corn and the broth served with it. Although the food was good, I think the true wow factor of this restaurant is the ambiance and spectacular views of Philly!
Worth checking out at least once - make sure you dress to impress!A great place to grab some drinks and see the views! Enter through the Four Seasons and expect to wait in line. They only allow a certain number of patrons up to the bar at a time, which I appreciate because I hate a crowded bar. The ride up to the 60th floor is breathtaking with views of the Parkway the entire way up. 
Once you step off the elevator, you'll approach the first bar. If that's crowded, head down the steps to the 59th floor and there is a smaller second bar and some cozy window seating (reservations encouraged). 
Cocktails will run you $16, but my friend and I were satisfied with ours. The bar food menu is expensive for what you get. We tried the guacamole, which was good, but not worth the price for the small amount. My advice: Come here for before or after dinner drinks and soak in the views.Beautiful, amazing food, and totally worth the views. In the most non-pretentious way, the attention to detail and service is there. Great wine list and mixologist. The food is elegantly crafted and every bit gives you a surprise like the first bite. Highly recommend the rigatoni main, tuna tartare appetizer!The atmosphere was absolutely wonderful! First, the elevator ride up was astonishing, it felt like the smoothest amusement park ride. Watching the city descend beneath my feet was pretty cool. The staff was very welcoming. We were seated near a window, so out view was amazing. Our waiter was awesome (i am so sorry that I cannot recall his name). He was very attentive & patient with us. He had a great personality and he was very personable. I think the atmosphere is definitely the attraction here. I ordered the chocolate cake as my appetizer (djm) & it was delicious. Very rich, but not too sweet. Then we  had the calamari, which was a little on the salty side & we ended up not eating it. The risotto was also a little more salty than I would prefer, but not as bad as the calamari. The salmon entree was prob my favorite. It had the perfect grilled taste and the mashed potatoes were pretty good. I would def return for the atmosphere and drinks. Since the menu changes seasonally, we'll spread out the visit to check out the new additions.Still the best philly has to offer
Stunning space with 360 views
Best service and always with a smile 
Kudos to Antoinette 
Kami and KyleI absolutely loved this place! Me and my gf were here this past Saturday for Girls Night Out! We had an early reservation and got there around 4:45. The customer service is absolutely amazing. Everybody greeted us and checked on us sporadically! My gf got the Shrimp Risotto which she loved and I got a burger and fries which were good! The views are AMAZING and I will definitely be setting up another reservation next month!