I've done some crazy things for food before and waiting in line for over 30 minutes for a cheesesteak is probably one of them.
I was glad that Jim's Steak has their a/c on because it would've been horrific if there weren't any. The line takes about 30 minutes from the door to the front counter where you order. The guys behind the glass cooks the steaks right in your face so you know it's fresh and hot. I went for the classic, Cheesesteak wiz wit, which includes the steak, cheese wiz, and onions. 
The sandwich by itself was a bit bland for me but good amount of steak and tasty onions. I had to put some mayo and ketchup (don't judge me!) to bring up the flavor a bit. 
Was it worth the wait for me? Not really, but I'm glad I got to try it out and be the judge of it myself.Jim's steaks is a must have no matter what time of the day!  Jim's is conveniently located around he corner from some of Philly's finest historical architecture: Independence Hall and Liberty Bell. The cheese steak hoagies here are the best. So much so that anytime I visit I make a purpose to hit Jim's up because it never disappoints. Yumm!This is my favorite cheesesteak in the city.  I've been to many including Pat's and Geno's.  I like the type of steak they use and the autographed posters and pictures of celebrities and athletes are pretty cool.  The line is usually out the door but moves pretty fast.  Worth the wait.If I didn't have to wait 30 minutes to get the food, this would've gotten 4 stars. If the line is at the front door, that's how long you wait, a freakin' half hour. That out of the way, the cheesesteak was actually juicy, not dry like another spot across the street. Decent price, but over hyped#1 cheesesteak in Philly!
We spent the day testing various "best cheesesteaks" around the city and Jims was our número uno!
The place is extremely efficient, so know what you want before you get to the front of the line. No more than 30 seconds to place order, pay, receive food. The staff were very nice and playful. 
Now why #1? Well seasoned steak packed to brim, caramelized onions, and cheese wiz that melts throughout and produces a perfectly juicy bite! Personal preference from a girl that loves cheese, add a mix of cheese to ensure you get the gooey cheese and runny deliciousness!
Final tips:
-cash only
-come on off hours to avoid the linesThis place is terrible. The fact that they only take cash isn't even the problem. My cheesesteak was lacking in meat and it was cold. To top that off I couldn't get peppers cooked into my cheesesteak and I had to add condiments myself. I definitely will never return to this location.I suppose you can't go to Philly without at least trying one of their famous cheese steaks. Not knowing any differences among all the cheese steak restaurants, we decided on Jim's. I've got to say, it was no big deal. The sandwich was good, mind you, but now that I've had one, I'm ready to move on. Ordering was a bit confusing (not as simple a menu as I expected) and the guys behind the counter weren't especially helpful and didn't seem too eager to make sure we enjoyed our visit. The place was a bit greasy and dingy, but that's to be expected in a downtown diner. All in all, I'm glad we did it, but won't be rushing back.Geno's and pats are over rated! Jim's is where it's at when it comes to cheese steaks.Fast service. Great sandwiches. They have been around forever and most folks will tell you this is the best in town.Best cheesesteak I've had in Philly (Geno's and Pat's don't compare at all). Service is good and quick. Upstairs seating and downstairs railings if you don't mind standing and eating. Must go with cheese whiz and provolone combo with some onions.Yum! I'll admit right away that I am not from Philly and have had little to no exposure to cheesesteaks. But that doesn't make me any less appreciative of this place.
Yes, the line is absurdly long at all parts of the day. And yes, it doesn't look like the cleanest joint. I'll confess to being terrified of not correctly ordering. And I'll tell you that I was even more terrified when I found that lots of people order their steaks with artificial cheez whiz (yes, you guessed it-- I shop at Whole Foods).
But after all that, when I bit into my cheesesteak, it was pure glutton heaven.  When I washed that first bite down with a swig of yuengling...well, I experienced things that a lady such as myself would never put in writing.I've heard many people say that Jim's cheese steaks are the best Philly has to offer so I decided to finally check it out.
I have always favored Geno's as the best and nothing Jim's did for me on my visit has made me change my mind.  Don't get me wrong, this was a good cheese steak, just not a great one.
I will say that I liked it better than Pat's because I think the bread holds up better but Geno's is tastier overall, has a firmer roll and they also serve whole, hot cherry peppers on the side.  Jim's does not.
Yes, you can order them as part of the pepper steak but when you ask to add peppers on a normal cheese steak you get banana style.  Bananas are good but they're not as good as cherry peppers.  So that's why I give Jim's a bit of a downgrade.
The steak itself was very good and the provolone cheese melted very well. Grilled onions and mushrooms?  Also good.  Service?  So-so but leaning toward unfriendly.
I would definitely eat here again but when faced with a choice, I will still choose Geno's.  But, hey, deciding on what is the best cheese steak in all of Philly is a great problem to have!  I'm glad I tried Jim's and can see why many think it's the best.  I just disagree.This place can't get less than 5 starts. The reception at the hotel we stayed in they promptly recommended jims when we asked for a good place to a have a cheesesteak sandwich. Waiting time wasn't bad at all. The people that work in are super nice. The place is small and busy but we didn't have to wait for a table. The guys there make sure the tables and the floor are clean, and make sure you have a seat! The food is fresh and you can add mushrooms or hot/sweet peppers to your cheese steak. They also have a big selection of drinks and beer. We were very pleased and we will definitely stop by again next time we visit Philly.The cheesesteak was ok. However, the store was messy and smelled of cleaning agent. The staff didn't make any effort to be friendly.The best cheesesteaks available - that's all you need to know.  Have as many as possible and immediately shower.I don't see what all the hype is about. It was good, but I've definitely had better. Shredded beef isn't really my thing but if it's what your into then I guess it's the spot for you. Otherwise I'd recommend using Google and Yelp to find a better spot. Hint: right down the streetI don't know what the big deal about these sandwiches are to peeps in PHilly.  Unless the meat is cooked fresh, it stays on the skillet which drys it out and then onto your sandwich.I'm a typical NYer looking for an authentic Philly cheesesteak & I found it here! Would make the drive to have it againPretty dissapointed in this experience. It was my first time having a cheesesteak in the city of brotherly love and it didn't live up to my expectations. i've had cheesesteaks here in DC that blow this away. 
It seemed like everything came from a can and the meat was severely lacking in flavor and juiciness. 
Won't be coming back again.Great cheese steak.  Mind blowing?  No.  Needed some salt.  Tip:  go for whiz or American cheese, not provolone because the provolone doesn't melt completely which is the most important part!Way overrated not worth waiting in line for. Watched the cook drop a roll on the raw meat pick it up and still served itWent to Philly for one weekend so obviously a cheesesteak was mandatory. This was delicious!  My husband got the cheesesteak with wiz and salt and pepper and I got the pepper cheesesteak and we split both. The wiz was surprisingly good! The peppers were delicious. BUT no matter what cheesesteak you get, you have to add S&P because the meat is not seasoned. Would definitely come back.
P.S. Cash only!!Good Philly cheesesteaks.
If it's good enough for Bruce Willis, it's good enough for me.
Now if you've never had one before, as I hadn't, don't be alarmed about ordering or cheese wiz.
Ordering: do some homework. Ask a local how to order. Listen to how other people in front of you order. Get cheese wiz and onions. It's tradition. And it's really tasty. Go for it. 
Again, Bruce Willis eats at this place. Do it.Customizable cheesesteak? Grilled onions? Where do you think you are? Burger King? In-N-Out? Starbucks? I told my cousin to not be the annoying tourist. My bad, after reading the reviews and listening to him order, apparently you can have it your way. Just tell the guy what you want. 
I just got a cheesesteak provolone. I'm not too keen on cheesesteaks and wanted to keep it basic. I should have added onions to mine because it was bland. We added salt and pepper to our sandwiches. The meat was chopped up this time (yay!) and not at all greasy (surprisingly). The bread was real good, soft and doughy. I liked the vibe at Jim's. It felt local as opposed to Pat's and Geno's which is like standing in line at a theme park or carnival. 
Jim's sandwiches are far better than Pat's and Geno's but still not what I thought cheesesteaks were gonna be like. As Mari H explains, maybe I just don't 'get it' yet. I also highly doubt my tastebuds are more refined than hers. After all, I am a Steak-umm kinda gal. So with that said, perhaps the city of Philly has more refined tastebuds than me.
And like a cheesesteak whore, I'm on to the next one. Hello Tony Luke!
PS- There is plenty of seating upstairs but they don't let you loiter.Came here on a day trip to Philly.  BF, who lived in Philly in a former life, recommended Jim's for cheese steak (within walking distance of where we were).
Had to say we were all mildly disappointed.  The bread was good, but the thing overall was bland as could be.  In all fairness, we had the provolone and not the cheez wiz.  But still, if this is how a Philly cheese steak is supposed to taste, then what's all the fuss about?This is spot where I wish I could give a 3.5, but I'll go conservative here.  When people insist on suffering at Pat's for their first Philly steak, I do my best to convince them to head to Tony Luke's or Jim's if they insist on a local favorite.
I think Jim's does a great job.  On occasion, I've had a few bland steaks, and the onions vary in their degree of doneness depending on your visit.
The show behind the counter, and mountains of raw chip steak and onions are always a site to behold in the long line of anticipation.I believe this is the best cheesesteak in the city if not the entire known universe. Just be prepared to stand in a long line, talk to rude and intimidating staff, and sit in a grimy "dining room."This was decent! I was really hoping to find the best Philly cheesesteak in Philly, but I don't think this was it. The line was quite a wait and the table situation upstairs was a little overcrowded, but I appreciated the employee who helped me find a table (though it was about a 5 minute wait, with food already in hand). Probably wouldn't go to this shop again, but it was a fine cheesesteak.After asking friends which cheesesteak place we should try in Philly, the answer was a resounding "Jim's". A lot of people told us that both Pat's and Gino's were tourist traps so we were happy to head over to Jim's to try the cheesesteaks here.
We got two cheesesteaks with onions - one with American cheese and one with the whiz. I've never had a cheesesteak with whiz on it and I'm not going to lie I absolutely loved it. It added some extra flavor to the sandwich. 
The bread was fresh and had a great toast to it. The bread made the sandwich great.
I've had more flavorful steak sandwich before, so I'm giving this place a four star rating instead of five. Would still definitely recommend if you are looking for an iconic Philly cheesesteak place.Best cheesesteak in Philadelphia. Hands down. Cooked perfectly and so much flavor. No ketchup needed. And I love the. Cheese whiz. Beats out ginos & pats.It was recommended by a Philly local as the place to go (over Pat's and Gino's) and it did not disappoint. In fact it was heavenly. I got 2 steak sandwiches, one with provolone and one "wit wiz". Both were excellent, but the one with the cheese wiz tasted better. A must stop when in Philly.Go there and see for yourself!!!!!!! 
I got the Philly cheesesteak with wiz cheese and onions and seriously have dreams about it! It was that good!!!!!! 
It was my first time trying Philly Cheesesteak. 
You can tell they have created a great name as there was a line. They were efficient in service though.Jim's Steaks is the best Philly cheesesteak hands down. Provolone wit is my go to order but today I discovered you can order half one cheese, half another. Let me tell you that a provolone/whiz wit is the best of both worlds. And of course, reading all the signatures on the wall and people watching South Street from the dining room upstairs is always amusing while you devour the best cheesesteak of your life. Don't miss out!!I'd say it's just another cheesesteak.  Definitely a tourist trap, but in the end most cheesesteaks are on a similar platform (with some exceptions on either end), and Jim's doesn't buck the trend in that regard.What I Ate
- cheese steak with provolone, lettuce, and sweet peppers
Would I Go Again?
- My wife and I made an effort to go to Jim's every time we went in to Center City when we lived in Philadelphia.  Best cheese steak I've ever had.  The steak is flavorful and juicy, the bread is outstanding, and the sweet peppers give the cheese steak the perfect "kick."  Throw in soup nazi-like ordering and Jim's provides the ultimate Philadelphia cheese steak experience.  We can't wait to go back!I ordered the cheese steak with half whiz and half provolone. I found the meat to be bland, but maybe next time I should season it more with salt. There was a long line but went by pretty quickly since people knew their orders. There is seating upstairs!Authentic steak sandwich...line was outside around the building but figured I should wait and try it...took about 20 minutes to get in and out...service was decent and steak was decent...favorite steak ever, no, but when in Philly one could do worse..4 stars for being a solid sandwich and having to wait a really long time....Home Sweet Home.
Every trip back, every person coming in from out of town, they all have to come here with me.
This is a cheesesteak place people, I'm not sure if you're expecting more than that? Come in, order your steak (properly!!) and eat it. Enjoy the delicious meat, (faux) cheese and onions and then go on to say you have had the best.
I hope it never changes.Pros: Recommended by the locals. Selection from 3 types of cheese - American, Prov, or Whiz - to be placed on your cheesesteak. 
Cons: Refrain from the meatless cheesesteak.Well, what can I say that hasn't been said in nearly 400 reviews?  
Probably nothing, but I'll take a quick crack at it.
My Philly tour guide, Michael G., led  me over here to sample a cheese-steak based on recommendations from others (he has never sampled one).  Despite my reservations about eating extremely processed orange cheese from a can, I decided to go with it.  I also got some sauteed onions on top.  And it was incredibly tasty.
Nothing about this place is healthy, but who cares?  You don't go to Philly for your health, that's for sure. 
Cash only.So this is a pretty popular spot from what I can tell and it's trash. I've been to many cheesesteak places up here and this is by far the worst. I can't even express how bad this place was. Another place I'll never reconsider on my quest for the best cheesesteaks.A Philly tradition. Came early evening on a Thursday evening with a short line and plenty of seating. Fair priced and you get a lot of meat and sandwich. Thought the employees were really friendly, cheesesteak with provolone was tasty and fresh and the whole experience was just really fun.If you've never had a cheese steak and you're in Philly I'd suggest coming here first to try one. Get the standard with wiz and onions and you can't go wrong. 
Came here after a76ers game and surprisingly there wasn't a line. I've tried Pats and Genos before and wanted to give this place a try. After tasting all three I would have to say that Jims takes my vote. Jims chops their steak up into little pieces rather than giving you big slices and their onions are a lot more flavorful than Genos and Pats. I think this is the reason why theirs is better. There were a lot friendlier too in my opinion.Smells like meat from the moment you walk in!! There are many cheese steak places to choose from but this is the tastiest!! The beef is chopped up for easy biting, chewing, eating, and well seasoning!!!After doing the Pats steak, and then the Geno's steak, and then a few years ago where I did both Pat's AND Geno's in one lunch time, I have to give it to Jim's. You win. Although I'm sure there is a better place out there? 
In fact, one of my major gripes about all of the reviews for Jim's below mine is that a ton of you locals say something like "it's good, but it's not the best"....and then you fail to name the place that's better. Can anyone help me out here? I want the penultimate steak! I realize most Philadelphians don't eat at these places, how could you eat cheesesteaks regularly and still be able to wake up in the morning. But still hook a brother up. Anyways, sorry for the rant, I really enjoyed Jim's and would surely come back. Wait wasn't too bad, and my steak wit wiz wit out onions kicked ass.My mom almost got into a fight with some visitors from Mexico in this joint.  Read on to see how and why.
These are the best Cheesesteaks in Philly.  THE BEST.  Don't argue with me on this. Pat's is too greasy.  Gino's is too racist.  The line is worth it.  Just go to Jim's!
Reasons why it's the best and kicks all other Cheesesteaks' collective asses:
1) The bread.  Oh sweet Heaven, the bread.  
2) The beef is INCREDIBLE.  Thin, lean, but juicy and tender all at the same time.  It's like eating meat-ified chocolate that melts in your mouth.
3) The provolone is excellent.  I don't get the Wiz because I'm not 12 years old.
4) Though the line wraps well around the corner, you at least get to partially wait indoors.  This is welcome when it's cold in the winter, or hot in the summer when my sensitive skin burns faster than a chicken on a rotisserie.
5) In accordance with #4, they have indoor seating!
6) They have beer.
7) The chefs are entertaining, fun-loving, and HY-sterical.
8) They know how to handle a crowd and long lines.  They're Jim's!
Oh, you were waiting for the story about my mom, right? Well, as listed in #5, Jim's has indoor seating upstairs, right after a sign that explicitly states that you are NOT allowed to save seats for people in line for food.
Well, these two "women" (I'm being nice by not referring to them by what they actually are), decided to save not 1, not 2, but THREE tables for their large party, who were not only ordering food downstairs, but were also going to JOHNNY ROCKET'S NEXT DOOR to get milkshakes.  I'll just say this: all 7 of us had finished our food by the time their party arrived, and my mom went APE POOP (again, censoring) on them.  We didn't realistically think that 7 of us could sit together, but 3 members of our party were over 60, one with a bad knee, and these "women" purposely avoided eye contact with us while we mad-dogged them for preventing others from sitting.  Oh, and if you're thinking it was because they couldn't speak English and/or read the sign, that wasn't the issue since they told my mom "You should have asked"  when she confronted them.  Total bull.  
One of the women's teenaged children ending up being the one to apologize to my mom, hushing his own mother in the process.  I hope those people all got shat upon by pigeons later that day.
The best part was when a nearby exiting party of four 20-something men overheard me shouting something quite rude to these "women," in response to the "You should have asked," they backed me up with an "F Yeah!" (censored).  Everyone had seen their antics, and no one gave them an easy time about it.  Oh sweet, sweet revenge.  In hindsight, we really should have just pulled the tables out from under them...Philly style.
I know that this story doesn't have much to do with my review of Jim's, but I thought it was still worthwhile to share so that you can be on the outlook for your own version of the seat-stealing "women."  I do wish, however, that they would have had an employee monitoring the seating to prevent fools like these.  That's the only improvement I can suggest.  Otherwise, it's perfection.Ahhh, the quintessential Philly Cheesesteak. 
I've been here several times with friends and the experience is always the same. You can expect a long line, particularly during normal meal hours. (But it is ever a bad time for a greasy sandwich piled high with meat and cheese?) Jim's service is brusque in classic Philly style, but they also manage to be efficient too. Line up, pick your cheese and toppings, and eat. It doesn't get any simpler.
Jim's is often called the best steak in town, but how does it really taste? Well, it's actual steak! Unlike most "steak" places which fill their buns with something reminiscent of soggy Iams, Jim's meat is sure to satisfy even the most famished tyrannosaurus rex. I suggest adding onions and peppers, but you'll want skip the canned mushrooms. They're paler and more boring than your dreadful mother-in-law.
The decor is, unfortunately, limited to signed vintage photographs of celebrities and stacks of bread boxes. Overall, Jim's is worth a stop if you've never had a cheesesteak before. But expect more of a tourist trap than something you'll want to eat again and again.People says this is the best philly steak in the state, but in my opinion it should be Pat's kings steak.MUCH better than Geno's or Pat's.
They are customer friendly here.
Better quality meat & bread.
You can dine in!At this point they get the extra star for being best in the area... on another note... the cheesesteaks were juicy tasty and loaded... if you can say to yourself, I'll come back, then you know it's worth it...Authentic cheesesteak. Authentic atmosphere. Great experience. The crowd at lunch moves quickly. Upstairs seating through the kitchen.Those who have poorly rated appear to be first timers to Philly.  Yes the shop is not an immaculate five star restaurant, but Jim's defined the Philly sandwich.  If you want an authentic philly, come to Jim's.  Exceptional food, (but don't come on a diet!).  Take in the culture of the event as you down your sandwich, and live a little.  Be prepared to wait in line.  There is a reason all those people are standing there.Meh, not that great. It would be better if they built the sandwich then ran it under a grill/oven for a few seconds so everything could melt together. Cheese wasn't even melted and bread not toasted. For my first Philly Cheesesteak experience, I was very underwhelmed. If I were you, I'd search elsewhere for the best Philly Cheesesteak.I've been coming here for years, since I got my driver's license at 16.  It's one of the top places to me and I love the entire experience.  There is usually a large line, regardless of when you go.  This place reminds me of the Soup Nazi from Seinfeld.  The line queue is a small maze, but one you get up front, everyone gets quiet and starts sliding to the left.  A large man looking down at the counter and not at you will yell "next" and you better order.  Don't make him say it a second time!  Regulars know how to order, but you see tourists having conversations and pissing this man off.  Don't get Whiz ever, but it's the easiest for them.  Provolone with will get you the great provolone cheese and the "with" will get you nice fried onions.  After you order, get out of the way immediately and let the next person order their meal.  Someone else will ask if it's to go and take your drink order.  Joke around with these people, they have personality, unlike the big guy making your sandwich.  I've gotten a yoo-hoo ever since my first visit and I love the combination.  On occasion, I'll get a beer and a yoo-hoo too, but mainly just a yoo-hoo.  
It's greasy, good and I love how some of the meat's flavor comes from being a little burnt.  You could fight over who has the best cheese steak all you want, but this is definitely my favorite and should be in your conversation.Good. Philly. Steak. What more do you need?  Small place but they had additional seating on the second floor. The sand which was fresh, delicious and portioned just right. Staff were very nice and quick. Note it is cash only.Son and I drove up from Maryland so he could get a Philly cheesesteak while home from college. I'd been to Jim's in Northeast Philly so tried this one. Hmmm...upon entering there was a line of about 12 people but moving quickly. I suggest if you don't know what you want to step aside because ordering cheesesteak here is a quick process. Cook shouts out, next and customer is expected to shout order. I'm using the word shout but it's more like a slight yelling to ensure you're heard. They also sell hoagies and have a separate line for that.  Well we ordered our food, paid (CASH ONLY ESTABLISHMENT) and followed signs that led us up a narrow staircase to the seating area. Ok...food. it was ok. Steak was lean and plentiful however not seasoned. I ordered bell peppers and onions which were placed on top not cooked with the steak so I was disappointed. Bell peppers were soggy. This was not my experience when I went to Jim's in Northeast Philly so I'll go there instead. Different owners and better cheesesteak.Ahh... Philly Cheesesteaks...
Although I can't say I am a diehard fan of Philly Cheesesteaks, I will say that you can definitely get a classic and delicious cheesesteak at Jim's. I ordered their $9 Cheesesteak with provolone (didn't opt for the cheese whiz and I'm okay with that because provolone pairs really well with steak), peppers, onions, and had a bag of barbecue chips on the side. The cheesesteak was great, and even better with some ketchup. The barbecue chips weren't that flavorful unfortunately, but still made a nice complement to the sandwich.
Overall, it felt like a classic experience and I'm glad I tried Jim's. This location has seating upstairs, and I like the old school feel and simplicity of the place!A number of folks I know from Philly have mentioned that cheesesteaks from Jim's is pretty good. I'd have to agree...kind of.
See, I've had cheesesteaks from Geno's. Jim's is better than Geno's.
But having eaten Jim's cheesesteaks, I've had better than Jim's - in Philly.
What's nice about Jim's cheesesteaks? Well the location on South Street is pretty convenient. the restaurant's on the corner of 4th street and is pretty accessible. I went on a Tuesday night and had no wait. 
The restaurant's kinda old school. Simple and laid back like an old school diner with tile and chrome. There's an upstairs with lots of signed pictures from famous diners of Jim's.
Apparently, they serve alcohol. I enjoyed a black cherry soda.
What's not so nice about Jim's cheesesteaks? THE STEAK.
It wasn't horrible. It just wasn't as good as people have said - it wasn't "meat-chocolate melting in your mouth". It was actually kind of dry and over-chewy. Perhaps because the place was relatively empty and the meat had been on the griddle too long and lost juice?
The bread was DELICIOUS.
The condiments were a mixed bag (onions - yum! / peppers - not so much).
People who wrote there's better cheesesteaks in Philly...I'm going to need you to share where. It doesn't make sense for you to say - go get a cheesesteak from somewhere else...and DON'T provide the somewhere else.
I will...Larry's cheesesteaks on City Line by St Joes...yeah, I said it, they have arguably the best cheesesteaks I've tasted in Philly.The bread was fresh and the meat was cooked OK but it was bland and skimpy for $10 you would think customer service and the sandwich would be better than average. We had a great busboy!When in Rome... right?. So I come to the motherland of Cheesesteaks with high expectations - that was my problem. 
Meh! Meat was dry and flavor less, bread was hard. No Bueno!
I guess next week when I'm back in Phlilly I'll hit up Tony Lukes.If you come on the weekend expect a long line around the corner. But usually moves fast (about 15-20 min). Soooo, I liked it. It was a good cheesesteak. I mean, I guess I just don't get it. The whole craze over cheese steaks. One tip: If you like the cheese part of your steak, ask for extra on the sandwich. I ordered a standard cheesesteak but sadly, it was lacking? Also, your not aloud to go upstairs and "save" your seat, unless you have your food in your hands. They monitor the flow. Enjoy.Being a visitor to Philly, my intention was to hit a Pat's or Geno's to get a cheesesteak. We went to Jim's instead after being convinced by the usher at the Phillies game.
The cheesesteak was great. We got all three (American, provolone, whiz). I would say the cheese whiz was my favorite. The price was not bad.
This is a popular spot, so there was a line out the door. I would say it was worth the wait.
My only complaint would be that the upstairs dining area was not very clean. This place is packed and there are a ton of people. There are a lot of employees taking and making orders but I did not see one making sure the floors or tables were clean.Wir waren Ostern dort und es ist ein apsolutes MUSS wenn man in Philadelphia ist. Ich muss jedes mal hin.
Everytime when I´m in Philly I have to go to "Jim´s Steak" Great Food apsolute friendly Stuff.Awful awful awful! Who serves a cold cheese steak to someone?! Seriously? I guess they have a pile of meat ready on the grill because they're too lazy to make it as they need it. Therefore you won't get hot meat. My barely there American cheese wasn't even melted. The sandwich was cold and dry. Drove all the way there and it sucked!Sometimes when items are over-hyped, I'm underwhelmed. It was good for what it was (traditional cheesesteak, white bread, whiz, onions), but it was kinda of boring. It was smaller than I thought it would be for the price and the meat was chewier than I thought it would be. Thankfully we got there when it opened and only waited 10 minutes. I could see myself being even more disappointed if I had to wait outside for an hour. Anyway, you can't visit Philly without having a cheesesteak! So get there early and check out the unique South Street.We looked at yelp for a great philly steak and found Jims which was close to where we were at. We are from California and don't know the proper process of ordering. The staff were beyond rude we almost told them to shove it and walk out the door. I guess we were suppose to order from the cook the cook wouldnt respond to our questions so the other staff got nasty because we didn't know what we were doing instead of helping he gave us attitude. I ate the philly steak anyway it was nothing special nor worth it after all the abuse we endured from the staff. I realize Jims considers us non-important out of all the customers and business they recieve. However they didn't know us we could have been important, we could have been restaurant critics or newspaper writers. We would have written a bad review. The bottom line whether we are important or not they need to treat all customers with respect. I would not eat here again nor recomend it to anyone.I didn't mind the long line. I did mind the somewhat bland tasting, dry steak that was being mass cooked on the grill. I need for my cheesesteak to be made with a little more love. I've had better steaks at other hole-in-the-walls in Philly.It was okay sort of dry. I will be trying Larry's next which is what we were trying to get to. The line was long and I feel I was bamboozled bYummy!   Had to wait in line, but there was still plenty of seating up the steps and enjoyed my lunch!  Provolone & Onions!The staff is so RUDE!! The guy worked upstair spilled HOT SAUCE on my muffler. It's not just one drop, he spilled all over my muffler and it smells so bad. I talked with manager about this, she said they can't do anything, just can apology, but she didn't say sorry about that. and then, all the staff are coming and surround me and said What?! it's just accident!! How much is that muffler?! like this.
The thing that makes me really upset is their behavior.
I have to pay dry cleaning fee by myself, and the laundry said it takes a week, and I don't have time to wait it. I have to travel without muffler in winter!!!!haha
If you are NOT white, I do not recommend to come here. They are all racist!! You can experience racism in here!! Come and ruin your day :DDon't go at 12 o clock the line is out the door. Felt kind of uncomfortable standing in front of the line waiting to order watching the cook chop up the meat for 5 minutes before asking me my order. Cheesesteak tasted pretty good, just was thin for the money. Would go if other places were closed. Pudges on 202 in Blue bell or chubbys is still my favorite.Very popular steak joint in Philadelphia. Besides the extremely long lines that frequently wrap around the corner, this place is great. My stomach growls every time I think about a cheesesteak from here with provolone and fried onions. Can't get any better than that!We came here when it was completely empty. Everyone started to file up behind us. This was about 7pm. The employees are really great, they gave us some advice about the area. Also helped us out with our order. The cheese steaks were pretty good. Not the best I've had so far but still good. I got a cheese steak with provolone without onions or anything. I probably should have added that. Overall great place.Had a provolone cheesesteak with onions and peppers.  Brother-in-law says other places are juicier, this one is drier, which probably means it's healthier, but I'd prefer the juiciness and flavor.   Sandwich was good, but nothing to write home about.  Ambience was beat up and run down.   Overall, if you're in Philly as a tourist, you gotta have a cheesesteak, but maybe try another place.Best steaks among the big names in Philadelphia, better than Pat's and Geno's. Acceptable amount of seating upstairs, good selection of drinks including beers. I do enjoy a steak with double whiz, mushrooms, and onions. Expect very long lines, 40 mins to 1 hour during the height of the busy summer hours.Solid cheesesteak, of the tourist spots, its a step above Pats and Genos. The meat is finely chopped and the rolls are pretty good. 
Located right on south street and right by TLA so its great to hit after a concert or late night of drinking. The guys who work there are pretty hilarious as well. 
Only issue is since they do serve so many people they make their meat in masses and at times you can get a cheesesteak that is not piping hot and the cheese not melted all the way through. Other then that is not to bad.Certainly one of the best in town. It's always on the short list along with the big two and Tony Luke's. But there are better out there and in fact right up the street at Woodrow's you can now find the best cheesesteak I've ever had.This place is good.  Especially when you've had a handful or more drinks.  On the flip side, there is nothing special about them.  Their bread is pretty traditional for a steak place, and their steak is solid.  I always want a little more cheese than they put in the sandwich (and it's cheap wiz - c'mon!).  Also a little on the pricey side for a steak place, but not too bad.  Cool experience.Definitely a 3 star joint, no more and probably no less. Its overrated for sure! I don't understand why the line was so long. And no, it's not worth the wait.
Anyway, the steak was good.  Stick to provolone cheese not cheese wiz, but the wiz is ok, if thats your thing. Don't order mushrooms because they are not fresh, just straight from the can.  (This is a very disappointing fact considering the restaurant is so close to the Mushroom Capitol of the World).  If you don't know what to order, keep it simple: provolone cheese and onions on the cheesesteak.  Expect the wait to be as long as 40 minutes and the portion is not very big.  I'm a small girl and I ate the whole thing. (I guess, it's a good sign I didn't suffer too much)... Anyway, if you're an average sized male, you might be hungry afterwards.  Oh, and the servers have horrendous people skills.  It's like Seinfeld's Soup Nazi - walk in an orderly line, be very prepared with your order, don't get cute. They are rude and definitely have attitude, but I don't blame them, I would hate working there in the never ending sea of hungry people.
Overall, the taste of the cheesesteak was decent.  I have in mind about a handful of places that sell tastier cheesesteaks than Jim's, but this will not ruin anything for you.  It's alright.When there is a 30  - 45 minute wait to the counter, you know the food is good.  As you wait on line, you see all the celebrities that have eaten there in the past, on the wall.  Their steaks are truly the best in Philly.  They don't serve horse meat, like others in the city.  Also, love the fact that they have Dr. Brown sodas.