ZERO STAR. Bad night horrible experience. TOTAL TIME OF WAITNG AFTER ORDERED APROXIMATE  3 HOURS, FORGOT TWO DISHES AND REFUSED TO BRING THE REST OF THE FOOD . I ordered at 7:30pm, it said 50 mins estimate deliver time. I called around 8:35pm the lady on the phone said they are making it right now restaurant is busy today, so i said ok. I called again after at 9:30pm  It's been two hours at this point. I called again and this time the lady said they haven't made the food yet. What happen to the food that you made an hour ago? or  she lied. Again, She said its busy today, If its going to be this busy then she should Call and let me know it's going to take longer or change the estimate time to 2 hours on living social. Now she said it will be in 30 mins. And no surprised it didn't come in 30 mins.40 mins.  And who control estimate time when you order on living social because apparently someone is not doing their job. Also when we got our order it was wrong.  Finally the food came. They FORGOT two dishes. We called and they said the restaurant is closed. So we couldn't get the rest of our mealWent here awhile back.  Today I walked by and is now closed for health code violations.  Besides that, the food is lower rung takeout crap.Average food - perfect for a quick lunch time pick up or if you're really craving some 'fast food' Chinese.
The service is good and they're really nice - It says theres a minimum for cash but they don't strictly enforce it if you don't have any.
Portions are very generous and prices are very low - around $5 for a meal that includes a soup/side. You can definitely share one order between two very hungry people (I am a very hungry person and could only eat half before I was stuffed to capacity). This isn't really food you want to save and re-heat for later, at least when it comes to the chicken dishes.
Overall, I would come back here since I work nearby and its fast and cheap.I had one of my worst Chinese delivery experiences with Jin House tonight. The food arrived nearly an hour late, the food was very bland, and was delivered with no utensils.
When I requested a partial refund they refused, and instead offered to send utensils.
Really poor experience and I would not order from them again.Don't get the sushi. The avocado wasn't ripe and it just tastes off. The soy sauce even tasted off. Nothing about it was right.This place was the worst.  I ordered food through seamless and it took one hour and forty minutes to have it delivered.  
When I called after an hour and it hadn't been delivered, they said the food was around the corner.  We ended up waiting another 40 minutes and I had to call back 2 more times.
Sushi was pretty sub par.I just can't understand how venturing a few blocks away from Chinatown can turn a terrific Asian dining experience into a terrible decision. I got the General Tso's combination platter for take out from here, and it was just terrible. The quality of the chicken was terrible, the sauce sucked, and the fried rice did nothing to help the cause (it wasn't even pork fried rice, which is typical of a combination platter at almost every other Chinese restaurant I've gotten food from). The place is cheap, but that doesn't mean I need to lower my standards of Chinese food...Just okay, fast delivery. We ordered a lot of food, one dish being "Lobster Chow Mein" but it was obviously crawfish and not lobster. Don't know if this is a translation issue or what.Went in for a lunch special yesterday and was pleasantly surprised. They quickly accommodated 9 of us even though it is small inside and the great service continued throughout the meal. 
I had the lunch special Jin House Chicken. They made it extra spicy for me and it was a nice blend of fried chicken and veggies with sauce. The special also came with sweet and sour soup which was nothing special but the pork fried rice was delicious. The fried noodles they put on every table are pretty greasy but the duck sauce is nice with them. All this for $5.50, not bad at all.Small eat-in and take out BYOB Chinese restaurant in the gayborhood. Portions are nice sized and the food average Chinese fair. Nothing special, nothing horrible. 
Food is prepped fast and the staff are nice. Not the best place I've been to but certainly not the worst either.I've only ordered delivery a few times and take-out once.  I have had a few of their chicken dishes and they were all solid but not spectacular. The food neither dazzles nor disappoints; it is standard tasty Chinese take-out.  I have not tried their sushi so I can't comment on that.  I do like their decent prices, speedy delivery and good service.Horrible food. We ordered from Grubhub and the only positive thing I can say is that it arrived a few minutes early. Other than that it was all bad. We ordered both kung po chicken and beef in garlic sauce each to be made medium spicy. I was expecting some heat, but neither dish was the least bit spicy and there was not one spicy pepper in either dish. The beef in the garlic beef tasted horrible and the chicken in the kung po chicken was dry. On top of that, they didn't include any rice. I planned to have leftovers, but they are going down the garbage disposal.
I will go back to ordering from Cho Cho San.Tonight was the last time I will order from Jin House. I had a terrible day and was looking forward to some Chinese food and quality couch time. The food took an additional 25 min and was cold when it got here. I might be a little biased because of my salty mood, the food was edible, but not great. Sadly I will continue looking for my go-to Chinese takeout.This is the closest Chinese place to me so naturally I've tried it several times and have been unimpressed so far. The pineapple chicken had 2 chunks of pineapple in it, smelled like peas, and didn't have much flavor at all. The general tso was dry and there wasn't much flavor in this dish either. 
I gave them 2 stars because they are pretty nice and they are fast (your order is ready in 5- 10 minutes of calling) but I'd rather them take some more time and prepare better Chinese. After my third bad experience I walk the extra 9 blocks to pick up better Chinese.Probably the best delivery in Washington Square.  So fast you would think that they are cooking in your kitchen.  Great for quick delivery when you are really hungry.
I started with the delivery because the food is what you would expect from an American Chinese Restaurant.  Nothing special, but just plain good.
Always a recommendation, because you always know what you are going to get.  Consistent hot food.
I wish they would stay open a little later during the week.  Sometimes you get a craving after 10pm.Good for what is was--fast delivery, large portions of inexpensive old-school Chinese.I dined in after a long day at work. It was around 10pm on a Saturday night. It wasn't that crowded but a steady stream of people showed up to order take away or pick up.
I ordered egg drop soup and chicken lo mein with sweet ice tea.  They give a the traditional wonton with a orange dipping sauce. Yes! They have home made sweet tea! I had to ask twice because I thought there was a miss communication. It was sweet and dark with flavor but you only get one refill. Being from the south, I like my tea sweet. You might want to cut it with water or add lemon. My egg drop soup (see picture) was piping hot. It had lots of egg and a few scallions. My chicken lo mein (see picture) was equally good. I really had no complaints. The service was fast, friendly and accurate. It's basically a fast food Chinese place that's inexpensive. If you are looking for a gourmet meal then go else where and stop hating. I hate it when people pay under $12 for dinner and expect it to be the third wonder of the world.  So right now there are three people waiting for their take away. It can't be that bad! Check them out. I did and I'll be back especially for their sweet tea.Ed C and I ordered delivery from here last week. I was not really blown away. YAY for vegan options and for knowing what vegan means, that's huge. Great dumplings and spring rolls. Not impressed with the tofu curry at all, though. Ed likes the sesame tofu, said it's the only entree there he likes, but I didn't love that either.
Delivery was quick, and again, I love not having to explain what vegan is, but I probably won't order from here again when I can have New Harmony instead.I've had and loved crappy Chinese takeout, but there's little to compel me to eat here. The food is average in price ($9 for my General Tso's) but definitely doesn't deliver the savory goodness I've come to expect from this sort of location. 
The chicken certainly wasn't the choicest cut, which is fine, but the breading and sauce have to step up to elevate mediocre takeout chicken to drunk food Valhalla...and here they are mostly let-downs. The sauce was thin and sugary and the breading tasted of oil and not much else. The broccoli didn't hold the thin sauce very well, leaving the florets to fend for their own flavor -- not an easy task when they are clearly steamed and not seasoned.
So, here I am: full, but not satisfied. I don't think I'll be returning anytime soon, given the plethora of options available within a 1-block radius.Cheap, quick and dirty - I got the fried dumplings and chicken fried rice. The dumplings were good, but the fried rice was boring. I am a student, so it's a good place to get a cheap, quick meal. The decor and atmosphere are fin, but I wouldn't recommend it as a place to go on a date.This is the worst! Server was rude and uninviting. Food was not tasty or even presented well. Not to mention that im not sure what it even really was, I  ordered a chicken dish, it looked questionable. I will never spend my hard earned money there again. There are too many other choices in the area.Good for late night Chinese food! I've ordered from here twice on Grubhub. Once was a delivery order that came really fast and the next time was a pickup order. Both times we mainly ordered egg rolls, cheese wontons (crab rangooons) and lo mein. Everything was pretty good -- nothing completely blew me away.Great General Tso's Chicken! They delivered to Point Breeze...so much better than any other Chinese place in my areaWorst experience ever! Ordered via grub hub, they sent me the wrong food, and when I called, the woman on the phone said "it's not my problem, relax" and hung up on me. Nice customer serviceMeh is right. Very basic, very Americanized bland food. Conveniently located next to a Patco station, which gave me some hope. I ordered chicken curry, one of my favorite dishes, and I got very very little curry flavor. I asked for white rice, which came out very gummy, not fresh. Just another example of "you get what you pay for" because their prices are actually pretty low. 
We had to ask for everything, from condiments like duck sauce for the egg roll, to more water when my glass was empty.
Sorry, I hate to give negative reviews but in this case, keep walking.Avoid this place! Sanitary conditions are not up to par! My wife and I ordered general Sao chicken and sweet & sour chicken from here on Tuesday and we've been sick ever since. My doctor told me it was was acute food poisoning and I almost went to the ER for dehydration! 4 days later and we still haven't fully recovered. I will never eat here again or recommend this place. Stay away!It's takeout food so if you go in with those expectations you won't be disappointed otherwise you'll be singing the  blues at heartbreak hotel.It'd be unfair to rate Jin House against the best Chinese restaurants in Philadelphia. It has no chance. As a Chinese "greasy spoon", however, it's top notch. Jin House serves up satisfying, inexpensive, Americanized Chinese cuisine that arrives (when delivered) amazingly fast. Coupon specials available through a popular online ordering site as of this writing offer a good value, such as getting a free General Tso's Chicken with orders over $30 - great for feeding a group of friends.I probably ordered the wrong thing. For some reason I just wanted to eat orange chicken. I don't know what I was thinking because I hate deep fried breaded crap. Anyway, it tasted okay for the dish. And the lunch specials are a pretty good price. The amount of food that you get with that of course is not enormous, but it also comes with a choice of soup or egg roll. The egg roll wasn't the best, but  they start you off with these little crispy things that are quite good. $7 for lunch + tip is not bad.
Service was very good by Chinese standards.
They have a minimum $10 charge for credit cards.
Food Quality/Taste = 3 Stars
Portion Size Given Price = 3 Stars
Price = 3 Stars
Service = 4 Stars
Experience with Staff = 3 Stars
Decor = 3 StarDelicious. Amazing
Had general tso's and egg drop.  Two of my favorites. This is a place I'll be going to now regularly  for Chinese food, and it's is extremely reasonably priced. I enjoyed the variety on the menu and will have to try some more next time.
Update:  still 5 stars, but when I went back I ordered the exact same thing. I was not disappointed at all! Except now, when I realized I did not try anything new- I suckWas passing by the neighborhood with my son and came across the Chinese restaurant. The food and customer service was excellent . the restaurant was also nice and clean . don't mind coming back !DO NOT ORDER DELIVERY.
The personnel are rude as hell and the delivery time is by far the slowest of any restaurant I have ordered from.  Basic fried rice, dumplings, and wings can take them upwards of 2 hours to deliver.  Maybe the food is good when ordered in-house, but do not waste your time ordering delivery from this place.I have ordered delivery many times and never disappointed.  Delivery is always on time (mostly much better than promised) and food is always OK.  Not gourmet but as expected for neighborhood delivery and portions are enough for 2-3 meals.I get take out from Jin House regularly and have to say they always deliver great tasty and affordable Chinese food. The staff is friendly and the food is always prepared super fast. My only complain is that sometimes they will mess up on my order. Besides that I recommend Jin house if you are hungry for some Chinese food and want it at an affordable price. Great dumplings and lo mein!wow. jin house is the worst chinese food i have ever had. its DISGUSTING! the general tao was covered in sweet and sour with a few peppers. the nice was bland and the pork in it was chewy. the wonton soup was so watered down that it barely tasted like anything and the wontons were gooie. the beef and brocoli was also not good. the brocoli was probably the only thing they didnt mess up. the beef was either undercooked, old, or rank. it was disgustingly chewy and foul tasting.
the only redeeming thing about the meal was the fortune -"time is money"- (the cookie was also gross). i am all for cheap chinese food but this place is the pits. never again.I love this place food is good sushi taste fresh staff is friendly it's byob not overpriced don't order online pick up if you canGood and reasonably priced food. The lunch combos are inexpensive and a must go. It is my preferred Chinese restaurant in the neighborhood and they server the yummiest Chicken with Curry Sauce and Onion. If you have a craving for Chinese food, you will not regret stopping over here.I work a block from Jin House, so convenience is key here.  I always get the tofu and mixed veggies in brown sauce-extra spicy..  and everytime I get it, it's pretty damn good.  The wonton soup is good, and so is the vegetable and bean curd soup.  The food is consistently good, the people who work there are pleasant, and the food is ready in no time.They are a really good go-to chinese delivery. Fast, reliable, good. Theyere fried chicken is my favorite. always perfect. The delivery guy is really considerate too, he called me back and told me id given him too much!!! they NEVER DO THAT. Im keeping this place on speed dial you cant get consideration and good food anymore so when you find it KEEP IT!!!!I passed by their menu today while walking down the block and was morbidly fascinated by their cheap sushi lunch specials. I decided to risk my intestinal health since I was hungry and curious if I finally found a quick sushi place near my work. It took about fifteen or twenty minutes for my order to be ready (I did pick-up) and when I got back I was pleasantly surprised. The california roll was outstanding--is there actually crab in there? The yellowtail and spicy tuna were nothing to write home about but they did the job. For some reason the rice was incredibly sticky and it made it hard to pick the pieces up but maybe that's just my chopstick ineptitude. My salad was literally identical to any barebones iceberg lettuce and tomato ensemble you'd expect from a casual Japanese place. My friend got the same but with the miso and it was chock full of seaweed and tofu. Not a bad place for quick bite.I appreciate the effort in including some vegetarian mock-meat dishes on the menu, but unfortunately, the food here is mediocre.  Everything tastes like sweet & sour sauce.  E.g. General Tso's = sweet & sour with some pepper.  Sesame chicken = watered-down sweet & sour with a few sesame seeds on top.  Yuck.This is my go to Chinese take out in Philadelphia. I have tried others and the General Tso's is the best here. My other favorites are their Crab Rangoon, egg or pizza rolls, and their fried wings are also delicious. I order more frequently then I should! They are extremely consistent.I have been long trying to support Jin House, because it is a local business, but today they have lost my business for good. My wife and I waited 15 minutes for the snooty waitress to finally take our order. No apologies on our wait. After taking our order she took a second and a third tables orders. Those two tables received their food while we had not gotten ours, even though our order was taken first.
We had to chase down another waiter to enquirer about our food. "Coming soon" was the response. As the other table asked for the check we finally got up and left. 
On our way out the door the waitress gave us a bored "sorry" and no other effort to redeem herself.
Sorry! Right back at ya.Order delivery. Ordered crab Rangoon and did not get my sweet and sour sauce. No napkin and no forks/spoons. I ordered pizza rolls and instead I got egg rollsI am very disappointed in the food from Jin House. I ordered online, and while my order arrived in under an hour (50 minutes), it was partially wrong and partially gross. I ordered steamed dumplings and got them fried which I HATE, and to make it worse most of them were burnt, no just browned, but burnt. I also ordered lemon chicken, which was served with the lemon dipping sauce on the side?  I personally have never received lemon chicken prepared this way. The sauce was bitter and had an off taste. My shrimp roll was underdone (barely crispy and very pale colored). All in all, after my first time ordering, I wouldn't recommend ordering from this place. I've had way better chinese food. Such a waste of money.2.5 stars
I tried this place after a co-worker recommended it. I got the lunch special for takeout, which included spicy squid, my choice of rice or soup, and a fortune cookie for 5.50. Not too shabby.
The squid was ok, but the sauce was pretty bland. I didn't want alien anal probe hot sauce, but something with some degree of heat and spice would have been nice. The rice was probably the best part of the meal, with plenty of chicken and vegetables.
I might go again and see if something else is better at lunch time.They put a menu in my door twice a week, so one day, when desperate, I got take-out: chicken lo-mein and szechuan beef, plus a free eggroll. It was passable for an emergency situation, but definitely not something I would ever seek out. If you're not in a rush, walk the few blocks to Chinatown or down to Washington.What a waste of $25! My order was delivered quick, that's the only reason for the 1 star!  The food was cold and very bland, I ordered it to be hot and spicy, there was NO spice! I will never order from here again! Absolutely disgusting!!!I love this place.  Yes, the food is not ground breaking, but it is ALWAYS delicious.  
My boyfriend and I are late eaters (usually around 9:30 or 10pm), and we can always count on Jin House to be open when we don't feel like cooking.  It's a super short walk from our front door, which means faster access to a tasty cup of wonton soup with spicy oil.  Cures what ails ya.  We love the Singapore noodles and the homestyle bean curd.  The curry shrimp is also pretty darned tasty, and I can safely say that I have NEVER had a bad meal there. 
The servers are always super friendly and helpful and FAST.  Yeah, sometimes they forget to bring us chop sticks, but sometimes we don't use them.  They always ALWAYS bring us water glasses, glasses for beer, and a bottle opener before we've even opened our menus.  They're the best.  And did I mention that you can have a veritable FEAST for two for under $30?  
We love Jin House.I can't really put my finger on it... it's not mall Chinese, but it's not Chinatown like, and it's not your top grade Chinese food.  In any case, it's not bad for takeout.  Their fried rice is pretty good and they are super fast.
If you go in with really low expectations, you might be pleasantly surprised.  :)I live down the street so I keep finding myself going here, hoping that maybe a new dish will be okay. It is consistently the worst Chinese food I have ever had. They give you a trough of meat and rice, SWIMMING in cheap, salty sauce, with one vegetable floating near the top. I finally swore it off. I will never eat here again.
UPDATE 12/29/12. The crab rangoon, fried chicken wings, and vegetable fried rice were solid. The service is also friendly.Dont do it. Had a shrimp shell in my vegetable fried rice.... general tso's was terrible. Order from somewhere else.I feel bad for only rating one star because the people here are so nice but the food is extremely mediocre. I ordered the Szechuan shrimp and it was so greasy and not flavorful at all. It tasted like fried chicken. My boyfriend didn't believe me and ordered chicken and broccoli and he said it tasted like grease. Don't get me wrong I love quick Chinese food spots, but this place isn't even worth the reasonable prices they charge for food.I've tried to be a faithful customer of this place, but the food is NEVER consistent. One day I'll order and the food will be "ok", the next few days when I order the food is terrible. Burnt fried dumplings and chicken you can't even eat. Rice was chewy and dry. 
This is also after I said on my order..."please make sure food is fresh, I'm giving you another chance". --- THEY FAILED! 
It's hard to find a consistent chinese place in the city. Don't choose this one. It's a waste of money. Never ordering from here again.We've ordered take-out from Jin House a few times and I would say it's a great place for quick, standard Chinese food, 
Delivery is always FAST, definitely one of the fastest deliveries I've experienced and we order a LOT of delivery! Also, the price is good. Combination platters come with an egg roll and veggie fried rice, which is more than enough for one person.
We ordered a quart of Wonton (made with Chicken, which I love as a non-pork eater!!) We had Chicken Lo Mein and General Tso's. The Lo Mein was as good as any I've ever had. Our only complaint was that the General Tso's did not have the crisp like it usually has, but the flavor was still good. That may have been due to the packaging/delivery, but I would still say overall that our food was very good. 
For just under $20, we had dinner and leftovers for 2!Fast delivery and delicious warm food. They offer sushi and traditional Chinese food...perfect for two people with different tastes.   Very friendly on the phone and when delivering as well.  The food is also DELICIOUS and they have a pretty decent vegetarian menu as well!The food here is cheap and you get a lot of it. The quality is representative of that. The egg rolls could use some more flavor, the General Tso's Chicken was not at all spicy, regardless of my indication that I wanted it to be extra, extra spicy. The crab rangoon were filled to the brim but with pretty bland, underseasoned mixture. The rice had zero flavor, and the broccoli from the chicken was undercooked and not tossed in the sauce with the chicken. The egg drop soup was the usual fare. All in all, 3 star food at 4 star price. We got takeout, so I don't know what their delivery is like. So, what was it that made me go 4 star instead of 3? It's very simple.... THE WONTON SOUP!!
The Wonton Soup is made with CHICKEN! Unlike 99.9% of Chinese restaurants ever, gone is the overly salty, fatty Pork mixture, and in with lean chicken! I'm mindblown that even in NYC (where I lived for four years) nobody did this, since the number of Kosher (and, to a lesser extent, Halal) eaters of Chinese food is so high. So keep that in mind, if you happen to follow stricter dietary standards or, like me, just don't like pork. Still, I prefer to pay the extra for South Garden.
My girlfriend has yet to try their "mock" menu (she is vegetarian) so I don't know how Jin compares to South Garden (which uses mostly a mock beef that is pretty decent, a step above having to get everything tofu), but since Jin is literally around the corner from me, I'm sure we'll give it a shot at some point.Ordered online and specifically asked "no mushrooms, allergic!!" so they gave me a heaping pile of mushrooms in the food. No big deal, I make plenty of mistakes so my boyfriend politely calls to ask if we could get another order delivered and they said it was too late to drive out (they close at 11 and it was only 8:00) and too far of a drive (door to door 1.3miles) well that blows "what are my options? " aparently store credit. well that would be great if the defensive man on the phone didnt call my boyfriend and i liars. denying vehemently that the food has mushrooms in it.  we said we were looking at them my boyfriend offered a picture and they said they would give us free lo mein if we went out of our way to pick it up. I am not one to complain about a company and ruin their name but I've never seen so much rudeness towards an allergy, but would rather lose the money than ever deal with jin house again.
Thanks for nothing.The freshness Chinese/Japanese take-out in the city! Is my weekly place to go for quality and flavor.I love Jin House. I don't see it as a Chinese cuisine restaurant but a Chinese "fast food" restaurant that I order from regularly. It's cheap, tasty and good portion so it certainly satisfy my stomach. Delivery is free and minimum is only $10. It usually take like 1 hour to deliver but I'm ok with it. Use Eat24 to order online and you get  free can of soda for $10 order. 
One review says they got sick from food there but I gotta say I've never got health issue from eating their food and that's from hundreds of orders of mine. Food seems clean and organized to me. I would highly recommend this place for getting a satisfying meal for low cost.Thought I would try a new Chinese place on a Sunday morning... Bad decision. My order took 2 hours to arrive. Don't order delivery from these people unless you have time enough to grow a long, white beard.
But wait - there's more. The food arrived lukewarm. I ordered two tofu dishes - one sesame, one with vegetables. In both, the tofu felt like biting on an old sponge. The sauces were gummy. It was gross. I have never been so disappointed. This was the first and last time for Jin House.
I hate writing bad reviews, but they really deserved this one.I ordered from here a few times. Last summer I thought that their food had a burst of flavor and taste. Their dumplings and their flat noodles were really good, didn't even need seasoning or salt. But this time I ordered on Saturday and I felt like the food wasn't the same. It tasted more bland, as if they left out seasonings and sauces or marinades. I'm not too sure if I felt it was worth ordering, and I know they can do better. I missed when their hot and sour soup didn't taste like just egg and cornstarch. And their flat noodles with beef didn't seem flavorful at all. It just had a strong taste of carrots and maybe a dab of soy sauce. When flat noodles, there's more to it than just a little bit of sauce. But at least their pizza roll and the beef in the noodles were fairly good to eat. I hope they improve over time.Can't believe the reviews on this place are so low. I stopped by for take out after a doctor's visit and the food was delicious and ready super fast. Seriously best Chinese take out I can remember having. I got the Jin's house chicken special and vegetable rolls. Just disappointed this isn't in my own neighborhood as I've tried at least 5 different places near me and they've all been nearly inedible.This is my go to Chinese place in the neighborhood. It's not fancy, it doesn't try to be pretentious--it does cheap and delicious Chinese food. 
The won ton soup is outstanding and so are the egg rolls. I was sick last week and lived pretty much on those two things for a week because only Asian restaurants do take out soup. 
When I'm not sick, the mu shu chicken, beef and mushroom, and general tso's chicken are great. The combo is a great deal as well.Delicious. Amazing
Had general tso's and egg drop.  Two of my favorites. This is a place I'll be going to now regularly  for Chinese food, and it's is extremely reasonably priced. I enjoyed the variety on the menu and will have to try some more next time.Meh, meh, and more meh. The food doesn't deserve much more praise than that. It's edible, which is more than some places can say, and it doesn't cost very much. But aside from those two dubious distinctions, there really isn't anything that would make me want to revisit Jin House. 
Well, maybe I would. Their delivery is free, the minimum is just $10, and sometimes there's just no chedda left over in those last few days immediately before a payday. Am I right, or am I right? (The logical thing, of course, would be to not eat out at all in such dire circumstances, but where's the fun in that?)I've been getting food from Jin House for the last 9 years (it recently reopened on Locust and was located on Spruce before).  I have become a regular where when I lived in the city and was able to order frequently they knew my order after I said "Hi."  When they reopened on Locust and I hadn't had food from there (I primarily ordered take out) in at least 2 years,  they still remembered me and welcomed me with a warm hello.  The people who work at Jin House are some of the nicest people I've ever encountered at a Chinese restaurant, and trust me, being Chinese and living in Chinatown, I have been to many.
I have to admit I have 1 favorite dish: Jin House chicken. I have been ordering it special (Jin House chicken with only waterchestnuts)  basically since I started eating from there.  I love it and that is mainly why I'm giving Jin House 5 stars.  The other food I have tired is also very tasty. I usually order pick up since I don't live downtown and it's ready for me in under 10-15 minutes. Delivery, when I did get it, was also very speedy and the food was still warm.
When I moved out of the city I got it as often as I could and now that I live in Chicago, I miss it.   Let me put it this way, I moved to Chinatown in Chicago and I can not find anything to replace my Jin House chicken.I walked by on Monday and Jin House is closed - furniture is gone. No notice on door.Jin House has opened up on Locust Street between 10th and 11th streets around the corner from The Bike Stop. Apparently there is another location in town, but this one has just opened.
There is nothing spectacular about Jin house. It is exactly what you would expect from a Chinese/Japanese take-out restaurant, and though you can eat in, this is really the type of stuff designed for delivery.
Today I ordered miso soup, crab rangoon, cucumber roll and sweet & sour chicken combo (which includes chicken fried rice and an egg roll.) All this food with tea came out to less than $15.00. The food is exactly what you'd expect; if you've had Chinese take-out before you've had this food before, there is nothing at all to set it apart.
The staff, however, is very eager to please, perhaps because the location is new and they want it to be a success. They were polite and attentive. The decor is pretty haphazard and unspecial, thrown together and kind of cheap looking.
They also have no beverage choices; everything is canned or bottled, so you can't just order a glass of coke or iced tea.
That all being said, if you're in the mood for decent Chinese/Japanese take-out at a good price, this is a sure bet!It is unfortunate that the ratings of the last couple reviews are so low; a friend and I stumbled upon Jin House while looking for places to have dinner before enjoying drinks at Tavern on Camac.  They have a BIG menu and everything is very reasonably priced.  They also have sushi as well as other Japanese dishes.  I will be sure to stop by again when I am in the neighborhood!This is by most standards a three- to four-star restaurant. But I'm raising the ante because the staff here really raise the bar. 
If you're looking for quality food in downtown Philadelphia for a reasonable price, and you have a hankering for classic Chinese cuisine, then by all means this is the place. 
I'm a consummate out-of-towner on a limited budget, and places like this are my mainstay. I have been coming here for two months now, and without exception my lunch dining experiences have been outstanding. I've tried most of the menu, and while the Kung Pao chicken and broccoli chicken are my favorites the Jin Chicken is good too  (if not just a tad saucy) if you crave sweet and sour AND veggies. 
I highly recommend the hot and sour soup. And don't forget to tap two fingers when they pour your tea.
The courteous staff work hard; you will see them de-stringing the snow peas and wrapping egg rolls between customers. 
Tip these folks well. They deserve it. Keep up the good work, guys.This is not the fanciest place in town, but for the price, it's unbeatable.  Also, it's a family place and that's important as heck.  Plus, they have TONS of vegetarian options.
Edit: As far as the veggie options go, the bean curd with snow peas and broccoli is awesome.MEH...when in a pinch or not feeling up to walking the extra four blocks to Chinatown, go here for traditional "American Chinese". ICKKKKK. 
Always friendly and takeout is always prompt.I gave them another chance today. The piping hot shrimp with cashew nuts arrived promptly, and I was just about to launch into a 4 star review, when suddenly I found a sharp, squiggly piece of metal in my food. I tried... :(I am an avid Chinese food critic and consumer. I just say for the price this place has pretty good damn food. From their sweet and sour chicken, chips with duck sauce and pizza rolls of course.
Really good and low price. The only negative is the lazy delivery driver with the helmet who always refuses to come up to my door. I'm on the 17th floor and am forced to meet him in the lobby every time.Great old school Chinese restaurant amidst trendy Center City.  After having a few happy hour drinks, I realized I was craving some General Tso's.  Nothing fancy, just some fried chicken, broccoli, sauce and lots of peppers to add a lot of heat.  Sure, this is probably not a solid idea for a good night's rest - but sometimes you just need to satisfy a craving.
Prices were great, they have the Tsos ready to leave with me in a hurry and were friendly.  Not much more I could ask for from Chinese take-out.Awful. Ordered our food from grubhub and they missed two things on the order. I called the delivery driver and he said it would take him an hour to drop them back off even though he had left five minutes prior. After waiting around for him for an hour and a half a rep from the restaurant calls saying they will not be delivering it. Never ordering from this place again.Good Chinese food. Had it delivered, it came hot and within 30 minutes. The egg foo yung was a bit dry though, not uncommon to have a sauce on it, which explains it. The wonton soup was probably the best I've had in years. We'll order from them again.