We ordered the General Tso's chicken combination platter and it was very good. The chicken actually looks and tastes like real chicken, unlike other Chinese take out places. The price was really good too! With two combination platters (which is pork fried rice, chicken, and an egg roll) and two bottle sodas it was $19! 
The only hard thing is finding this place! When you look up the address it says it is where the Honda dealership is on Bustleton. This place is actually by the CVS in a little strip mall, across the street from the Pizza Hut and Dunkin Donuts. 
Update Sept. 2016: We've been coming here for over one year and the food is always delicious! They've never really messed up our orders and the food is always ready so quick! The food is so cheap, but so delicious. Definitely best Chinese take out we've hadTried different Chinese take out places around. This one is best so far. Friendly  and fast service, great menu choice.General Tso Tofu is delicious! Crunchy, not soggy! Not drenched in sauce. Awesome sauce! Ragoons are delicious as well! Not frozen, fresh! :)I ordered the orange shrimp, which came with white rice. My husband ordered chicken wings with fried rice. It was pretty good! I thought the shrimp would be spicier since it had a little red pepper next to it on the menu but it wasn't at all (well to me at least). No complaints about the food. The service was pretty fast as well. One thing I did not like about the shrimp was that it felt somewhat cakey, as tho it was rolled in flour prior to cooking... I'm not sure how they make it, but it was edible. I especially enjoyed the veggies and the sauce with the white rice.
I would recommend this place to others.I'm not sure where others have eaten Chinese food but so far, this is THE worst yet! 
We ordered $50 worth of food and it was worth $10. 
The general tso shrimp and chicken were heavily breaded and blah. The sesame shrimp was the same as the gen tso's but with a handful of sesame tossed on top. 
The shrimp with lobster sauce was a gelatinous blob of clear substance which tasted ok but I couldn't get over the texture! 
The spring rolls... Took one bite, spit it out. Tasted like rotten vegetables!
Lesson learned. The search for decent Chinese take out continues, this is NOT what I would recommend, unless you're feeding someone you don't like!I ordered white rice,vegetable lo main and a spring roll at 5:41pm and my order came in at 6:32pm.I find it ridiculous that I had to wait 51 mins for my small order to come in. I would maybe understand if it was a bigger order but this is just crazy! So if you are not a patient person I wouldn't order from thereCurrently their General Tso's chicken is our favorite. Good chunks of meat. They give freebies starting at $15.  No need to clip or save coupons. The food is ready when I come to pickup. I may try delivery as I've seen they have a driver ready to go. It's a take out place on Bustleton ave. also their combo platters are a good deal.The menu is deceptively written (beware the distinction between crisped and crispy). I didn't get the order I wanted. Even the order I did get didn't come the way I ordered it. Zero customer service, very rude and argumentative. Awful experience that I will not repeat.We ordered the General Tso's chicken combination platter and it was very good. The chicken actually looks and tastes like real chicken, unlike other Chinese take out places. The price was really good too! With two combination platters (which is pork fried rice, chicken, and an egg roll) and two bottle sodas it was $19! 
The only hard thing is finding this place! When you look up the address it says it is where the Honda dealership is on Bustleton. This place is actually by the CVS in a little strip mall, across the street from the Pizza Hut and Dunkin Donuts.I am reporting this place to the philadelphia department of health. I hardly write any reviews on here but i got so deathly sick last night i thought i was going to have to go to the hospital. I had such horrible food poisoning. I was throwing up all last night and had severe diarrhea to accompany it. Worst experience of my life. I would avoid going here at all possible costs!This is another place I found via the Eat 24 app. I had ordered from other chinese places before after getting food from here, they are dumped and this is my new chinese place. Good food, good portions and quick delivery. They forgot my rice and when I called they quickly came back with more rice. Good place will order again.Jin Jin is where to go if you like your American "Chinese" food  to look like it's fresh and hasn't been sitting in a pan all day . I get the shrimp with string beans in garlic sauce with fried rice . It's always amazing , if you can pick it up , do it and save yourself the extra money they tack on for delivery .First time here. Ordered dumplings, general tso's chicken, lo mein,...not the best but well above average food, especially for the area. Quick pickup and the place seemed pretty clean. Will be coming back for sure.ordered via yelp pictures and 420 had to try again and AMAZING !!
dumplings A++ Singapore Seafood   - A friggin - ,amazing !!!!   Fresh Veggies on allllll !honestly the price for everything is pretty decent, but it's kind of like fast food American Chinese food. I like to get this when I'm hungry and I want delivery to my house that's cheap. The delivery sometimes takes a while to come, but that may be because they are really busy. The people that work there are pretty nice. The food is mediocre, but that's what you should expect for a cheap Chinese place.Great food selection. Very tasty food. Reasonable prices. Quick delivery and online ordering available. I loved the General Tso Tofu!First and last time ordering from this place looking at the positive reviews, I ordered a house special fried rice and sesame chicken with fried dumplings. House special was so bland no taste whatsoever with tons of rice and very little meat. Sesame chicken is an over breaded chicken with sesame seed throw on it. Fried dumplings was decent.Best tasting Chinese food in the Bustleton area, reasonable prices, quick delivery. Couldn't ask for more.Chinese food is Chinese food.  Right?  WRONG!  I've been eating Chinese cuisine all of my life, and this is probably the best I've had.  It's strictly take out/delivery, but they are fast.  I've never had to wait a half hour for delivery.  Everything you order comes with a nice seasoning, and the prices are great.In my time yes I've had better quality Chinese but not local to the Bustleton area. If you're looking for something local, inexpensive, and plentiful, this is your spot. Pick up is easiest but seems like they do a large delivery service too. I applaud the small staff for hustling to keep this little gem running quickly.First experience with this restaurant and I must say my Husband and I are thoroughly impressed. Great menu, speedy delivery, and fabulous food. The General Tsos Chicken is fantastically spiced and the Crab Raagoon is crispy and delcious. We plan on being return customers.Jin Jin is your typical Chinese Delivery place which offers the prototypical menu. I ordered through yelp with Apple Pay which was pretty convenient and the delivery itself was about 40-45 minutes which wasn't bad considering it was very snowy and cold that day. I ordered the pu pu platter for 2, chicken wings, and some house fried rice. Everything was good and expected not bad but nothing to write home to Mom about. I would definitely order from here again if I'm having a Chinese food craving and don't feel like going out to buy. So overall I give Jin Jin a 3/5 rating for food and service.We order from this place all of the time and it is always fresh and delicious. The general Tso's is excellent, and their soups are very good too. We have never been dissatisfied when we have ordered take out from JinJin.Most Chinese restaurants are pretty much the same fast food,  with some exceptions and most in Chinatown but this place is bad.
Particularly the woman taking your order. She was so rude it was almost entertaining.
 I had a bad meal from here before but gave it another try. Spicy chicken is barely spicy, barely had flavor at all. In my neighborhood,   wish it was better. Ill stick with Japanese over at To Kai on Grant Avenue.Yeah, so I ordered my food three hours ago and have not yet received it. I also contacted customer support and 1.5 hours later I'm still awaiting a response there as well. I have no idea if this is a good restaurant or not as they literally just didn't deliver my food. So, delivery is zero stars!Our family's go-to Chinese in the Bustleton/Somerton area. Online ordering makes it extremely convenient. Only one time did we feel delivery was too slow; typically very fast delivery.I made a walk in order around 2pm. This is strictly a take-out business with no dining area. The cashier lady who took my order didn't seem interested in making me feel welcome. My order was ready in 10min. No utensils were provided which I think is absurd. Don't forget to ask for utensils with your order. 
I ordered Fried Dumplings appetizer, Sesame Chicken lunch special with white rice and Wonton Soup included. Can of soda. $11
Wonton Soup - Definitely slightly above average for take out. A bit too salty for my personal taste, but it has a strong bullion like it was homemade quality. It doesn't taste watered down. The small container came with 2 dumplings and a third smaller dumpling. The wrapper was overly soft, but the meat was decent. Would not purchase again. 3.5/5
Fried Dumplings appetizer - So far these are the best fried dumplings I've tried from a Chinese takeout. The wrappers are fried nicely, they're not too soft of soggy. They are crispy on one side. Their meat portion is very generous. Will purchase again. 5/5
Sesame Chicken - This dish is lacking. The sauce leans toward the sour/tangy side instead of a bold slightly sweet flavor. It tasted like I was eating sweet and sour chicken sprinkled with sesame seeds. The sauce was also very viscous. When it cooled down a bit I felt like I was eating gelatin with dry rice because the sauce would not mix. I prefer a less viscous sauce. 4 broccoli pieces seems more appropriate than the two provided. Would not purchase again. 2/5
Wonton strips - I love wonton strips that are freshly made. But these are the thin kind that come from a commercial bag. Disappointed! 1/3
Vegetable lo mein - (purchased next day) I think it's good. It's not bland and it's not too salty. Not too oily and not too dry either. The broccoli is cooked perfectly, slightly crunchy not soft. The shredded celery is a nice touch. The noodles were cooked just right. 5/5. 
Overall 3/5 - This place is average for your Chinese take out joint. The food seems like a hit or miss, but I would go back for the dumplings.(Got delivery, about 25 mins)
Best Chinese food in the northeast!
Shrimp roll- fresh and soft 
Wonton soup- was home made! Really good
General Tsos Chicken- great flavor, fresh, real pieces of chicken no nonsense over breading or some kind of mystery meat
Pork fried rice- good flavor/seasoning, rice was fresh not recycled (yes ive seen places recycle "unused" rice from customers and use it for the fried rices, gross)
Would highly recommend.We continue to have great experiences at Jin Jin. Amy, the cashier, is so friendly and welcoming! We love coming here for some great Chinese food at very decent prices. Definitely check this place out, you will not be disappointed. Out of the 2+ years we've been coming here we only had one small issue, and that was we were given noodles in the platter instead of rice, but that's not a big deal. Always great quality food and delicious!! 
Also, they're closed on Tuesday's nowOrdered take out from here recently and was definitely a decent value. Ordered online through their website and the order was delivered in twenty minutes or so. The menu doesn't have a lot of description, so if you don't personally run a Chinese restaurant, you might have a question or two. We hesitated, but gave them a call looking for an explanation on a few items and the person on the other end of the phone was knowledgeable and easy to understand, as well as patient(we had a lot of questions).
The food itself was just o.k. Got a couple of chicken dishes, which were heavy on the chicken, light on the veggies. The sauce was just not that flavorful. One of the chicken dishes had a tangerine sauce with pieces of tangerine peel in the sauce. That was decent. The seafood dish was disappointing as it came with imitation crab as opposed to the real deal. That explains the competitive pricing. Ordered the beef ho fun. I'm used to it being called chow fun, the wide flat rice noodles. They were tasty. I'd have some more of that.
Packed away a ton of rice. And the other portions were large. Literally twice as much food as expected.
The food was 2.5 to 3 stars, but the service was top notch. Willing to give them another shot and try different stuff next time.Oh my where can I start... I love to eat out when I'm tired of cooking. I use to enjoy going to jin jin chinese food until I found silky hair in my food. Another occasion I found a roach in my food. I took it back to the restaurant to show them the guy told me that it wasn't a roach that it was a burnt peice of food mixed into my food. When I looked over in the back where the food was cooking I saw roaches crawling and mice. I tought ut was a coincidence. I looked around how to see how they stored the food at night. I was sick to my stomach. I asked him for my money back the wife told me "We Cook your food already and that it was costing them money to make it and that I was not going to get my money back. I said what ever happend to how you guys treat your customers let alone someone  who was buying from you 2 to 3 times a day . They did not care. My food was only 20 they rather lose a customer then to give me my money back.  Please for your own safety be careful eating from them. Yes that can happen any where but do your research.I stay with my 94 year old aunt on Friday nights. We have had other Chinese take out in the area.  She loves Jin Jin's,  their egg rolls and sweet and sour chicken. We order there every Friday.  Nwver a problem with ordering or delivery. Thanks for making her Friday nights .Yummmyyyyy the food is good, and the delivery man was friendly. Will be ordering againAwsome food love it fast delivery as well. Online ordering is not to easy because it doesn't say what some platers come with and if they are able to be substituted other than that they are goodThe rice smelled like rubber and the chicken was a questionable color. The shrimp was undercooked. Overall, did not enjoy this place and I will not be ordering from there again!Ordering for pickup from Jin Jin for over 10 years. Food is always good and convenient. You can order from their website.This is by far the best Chinese I've eaten in the area. I moved here a few months ago and I couldn't find a good Chinese food place that would deliver until someone told me about this place. It's really really good. The food is not greasy like other places. Tried roasted pork for the very first time and I loved it! I had them make it spicy so that gave it a great touch. Also their lomein is great! The rise is also really really good and so is the general tso chicken. 
This is definitely my Chinese place to order from from now on. Oh and delivery is free!The food here is really good . I normally get the chicken curry but the way it is made is never consistent depending on who the cook is. It is always good but not always the same some times adds carrots and water chestnuts.First time ordering from this place. Never been there either, but, order came within an hour and hot . Tasty  food,  oh dang! I forgot to take pics! Read the reviews and gave it a try. Thank you fellow Yelpers!I love that they're not to far. Food is always hot and delicious my go to is the fry wings and pork fried rice. Pizza rolls and shrimp roll. Bomb.comCouple things: cheap, incredibly fast and very tasty.  I would recommend this place. .they've been around for a long time and there's a reason for that!  Order take out or get delivery, they're equally fast.Ordered based on reviews from others. The food was HORRIBLE!! The shrimp roll had just tasteless cabbage and a few pieces of shrimp. Wonton soup was inedible with mushy noodles. Fried rice very bland. Happy Family over cooked and bland . So disappointed.Bad customer service. Lady is rude. Paid for a 2 liter and didn't deliver it. Tried to place the blame on Grubhub. Won't be ordering from them again.Five stars for their cheesesteak egg rolls and crab Rangoon. Everything else they have sucks. But honestly, their cheesesteak egg rolls are so bomb I will just order 8 and call it a night. LolThey are very rude and arrogant, almost makes the decent food a subpar experience.I would never go back there again.
We used to order regularly from them, then we reduced the frequency because it made us sick, we still went back every month. I guess buy from them everyday and they'll be nice to you.This is the worst place when it comes to customer service. They need to fix their attitude and opening hours listed online.Just ordered - the lady were rough, not easy to deal with. 
If the food is excellent I will change to 4 if so so, I will make 2. I guess it's fairI give it "A star" only because I liked the egg roll that came with my combo platter. I got Shrimps with honey walnut and plain fried combo. The rice was mushy, the outside of the battered shrimp was so hard to bite into. Some of my shrimp meat was mushy. Wasn't appetizing or enjoyable. My husband got the boneless spare ribs combo and again fried rice was also mushy, spareribs has way too much sauce. Probably won't order from here again.Very rude and wouldn't correct a wrong order.  I will never order from here again.  They basically stole my money.Yayyy finally I've found a go to chinese food spot in the northeast. After searching on yelp, I decided to give Jin Jin a try and I was not disappointed. 
My bf and I placed an order for delivery with Jin Jin for general tsos chicken, wonton soup and donuts. Our food arrived in the time that was stated and it was far better than the other spots in the northeast we've found thus far. 
I'd order from them againUnfortunately this place is the worst customer service experience I've had. I called to order and the lady was super rude. She even told me this is not a Chinese restaurant and hung up on me. I personally wouldn't eat food here. If they treat their customers rudely how do they prepare the food?I ordered the General Tso chicken. It was Tso awful. What part of the chicken did this piece come from ? The other pieces had a weird texture to them. An I KNOW my chicken. Never again.Ordered from Jin Jin's my company is approx 10-15 mins away, they told me an hour's wait... I called them after an hour passed only for them to say their driver was in an accident and they weren't sure when they can get someone to me. Very Unprofessional, they never called to inform me they just had me wait. IF you happen to order from them track your order.Lo Mein on point. Allow me to elaborate.
The Lo Mein is sweet tasting. That is right, not your typical carb load with zero flavor or attaining flavor only from the sauce. The taste of the actual Lo Mein noodles are sweet tasting, I want to say almost like the taste of a Yam but not quite that sweet. 
Anyway, if you been eating Chinese food as religiously as me over the years you know when you found something special and this spot  has the noodles to back it up.
Side Note : The wonton soup is above average.
This location is not convenient for me but if you are in the area I highly recommend you give them a shot.
As always fellow yelpers SYOY!!!So fking restaurant,
terrible service
like a shit
You're a businessman. I paid for it. You have such a bad attitude. It's disgusting.
Never coming anymoreThis is probably the best take out in Northeast Philadelphia.
Very wide selection on their menu and great prices. Try their appetizers, they're all quite delicious. I love all their rolls and dumplings. Plus, they give you free desserts with large orders!
Seriously, go try them. They're great.Best Chinese in the area. Always fresh and delicious. Fair prices. There's a lot of Chinese restaurant competition in the area so this is definitely a winner. Always fast delivery as well, I used two different delivery apps and both arrived earlier then expected, and the order is always right. Only complaint is lack of  utensils , napkins and packet sauces, but other than that 9/10!Great won ton soup. Great prices. A little disappointed with my entree of shrimp and walnuts. There were no walnuts and the coating on the shrimp overtook the meal.  I will try another entree next time.Small proportions for the price. Food was basic, I'm not impressed and very disappointed. The egg rolls had this weird mystery meat in it that resembled chopped sausage with pepper. We didn't even touch them and for 4 of them it cost $7. A RIP OFF!!! For the price I was paying for the food I assumed I was getting a little bit larger of a proportion than a small plastic container.The lady on the phone was very rude with me saying that my pronunciation was terrible and it was my fault the order was messed up. The food came much later then said it would and overall one of the worst Chinese restaurants in Philadelphia. Do not go!!!!Jin Jin is one of the Best Chinese Food  restaurants in the area; hands down. I usually stick with the shrimp fried rice however the lo Mein & fried shrimp are delicious too.  Oh, they also put  peas and carrots in the fried rice and are not stingy with the condiments at all.  They are readily accessible for all to grab.Ive been ordering food from here for over ten years while living in Somerton. The food does not disappoint any time I call up for takeout or delivery. On this occasion I ordered the bourbon chicken since I was in the mood for some Chinese. I usually order the lo mein and the sweet and sour chicken for my daughter-those are her favorites. The food is always delivered hot and fresh, and when I place the order, I never have any issues. This is one of my go to spots for Chinese.I ordered the shrimp with garlic sauce and fried rice. The rice was undercooked and the garlic taste was very strong like it had MSG in it. The taste stayed in my mouth. My hubby had the chicken lo mein. A week prior, I ordered honey walnut shrimp it had no walnuts and the sauce was over powering. Won't be ordering that again, the best I've had it was from Jade Harbor in Chinatown. The garlic wings it was good taste was powerful same as above. Bourbon chicken was okay nothing fancy.Very good food! I am not a big Chinese food fan, but I loved our first meal from this place tonight. I had the Crab Rangoon which was awesome and the sauce that came with it was very tasty. I also had the Coconut Chicken and that was very unique. My boyfriend loved his egg foo young. It was three huge patties! The steamed pork dumplings were very meaty and delicious as well! Great food, all around. And the food arrived (delivery) within twenty minutes. We will definitely order from Jin Jin again.I stumbled across this restaurant on my way home and was in the mood for Chinese. (the total was $20) for 2 items. I ordered house fried rice and Jin Jin chicken. The rice was just not what I expected. It was so bland, absolutely no flavor whatsoever. It was also a bit dry. I am not sure why and the chicken inside the rice smelled and tasted very weird (idk what it was)... It just wasn't your normal house fried rice you would order from a typical Chinese spot. Everyone who ate some of it said the same thing. It had a weird taste and smell. Also, when I was checking out I saw a coupon and it said $15 & up get one of the following for free: soda can, wonton soup or egg roll. So I asked if that would apply to my order since I just ordered online through yelp. She said not really, you need to have the coupon. I said oh ok I didn't see this special online that's why I asked. Then she fusses and said you can have a soda if you want. She was trying to be nice but her body language and facial expressions sent the complete opposite message. Made me feel a little uncomfortable. I mean the damn coupon was right in front of me. But anyways the food is ok. Nothing out of this world...the Jin Jin chicken is like a sweet and sour chicken entree. It's glazed and it has broccoli etc. It was okay (suspicious about the rice and chicken smell and taste) ! Overall, I will not be coming back to this restaurant.I was hoping it would be good. 
Delivery took over an hour. I didn't even know that was possible. 
I ordered this one Sunday when I was really hungover. The chicken wings and fries were good but they were cold. 
I got chicken and broccoli and it was cold and a little tasteless but I managed to eat it after I microwaved it. 
The pork dumplings were absolutely terrible. What a let down.
It's cheap but you definitely get what you pay for. I won't be ordering from here again.