Best sushi for the price! I ordered off of Grub Hub based on reviews and I was so pleasantly surprised! Best sushi in South Philly that's for sure!I kept seeing all these awful reviews so I decided I had to speak up. I love Johnny changs! I have never had a bad meal here, and delivery has always been fast. I don't use any of the sauces but they always give a ton of them. They substitute for me all the time since I do not like celery, onions, peppers and bok choy (all veg staples) with baby corn, bean sprouts, bamboo shoots mushroom etc. the ONLY thing I'm not fond of are the egg rolls. They're not bad at all, just not what I like. They use a tempura batter or bake them...the crust is very dry. They taste good but I can think of many other places that have better egg rolls. But other than that I love everything I've ordered! Ignore the naysayers and at least give them a shot.Where do I start?! So, i decided to order delivery. I was looking for a rice dish... on the top of the menu said "Johnny's Suggestions (with white rice)"; so I ordered the Peking duck thinking it would come with rice like it said. .. I was so wrong, what made it worst was that it came with RAW spring roll wrappers, yes the ones that you're supposed to deep fry. I also ordered eggrolls, that wasn't cooked all the way through, wings were tossed in the general tso sauce, should I keep going; shrimp tempura roll doesn't say there was a spicy mayo sauce on it....you guessed it... of course it was on there. I can go on and on, but I'm done! This place is very disappointing. WILL NEVER ORDER FROM HERE EVER AGAIN!!!!I ordered my food through Yelp at 6:26 pm, the wait time was 35 to 45 minutes. At 7:45 I chatted on line with a yelp rep who told me they were sorry for the delay and the food would be there shortly, My food finally arrived at 8:15 and guess what, it was cold. I warmed the Tempura shrimp and vegetables, that oddly did not look like Tempura, I was right. It was gross. How can you have such an extensive Japanese menu and not get Tempura right? I have had better Food from lunch carts. UGHHHHOur go-to place for Chinese, eat-in or take-out. The restaurant is clean, food is always good, delivery is quick.I live around the corner from Broad and Shunk so I almost order from here daily since their food is so good! I always get their general chicken with brown rice and last night I finally had the guts to try out some sushi rolls. I got the crab and cream cheese roll and a cucumber roll, doesn't sound interesting but it was delicious! Now I'm guessing I'll be ordering more sushi in the future since it's healthier. This place always have excellent service and the cashiers are super nice!This space is decent -- not mind-blowing in any capacity, but convenient and reliable for when you need a sushi fix. I really enjoy their snack (fried noodles with duck sauce and spicy mustard). It's really great when you're waiting for your meal. Only thing that would boost it would be some peanuts. There's something really satisfying about breaking those shells. (A favorite from a cool sushi spot back home in Long Island.) Additionally, their lunch specials do not include sushi rolls. I'd love to see this feature -- I'd definitely be there more often in that event.I've ordered Johnny Changs delivery 2 nights in a row while i was organizing my apt and let me tell you how delicious and quality their food is!! the delivery time was very prompt too!! i'm am highly highly recommending them to friends!! I heart Johnny Changs!!I was concerned to see so many sub-par reviews but I went out and tried it anyway. Overall, I was very impressed and satisfied with the meal. The restaurant was clean, nicely designed and maintained. I don't know what happened to previous visitors or if the restaurant made any changes, but I didn't get anything that other reviewers stated.
Everything I had was very good and this place will definitely be my new Chinese spot and will continue to go. All the food I had was very fresh and very tasty. They do have a sushi chef, I actually saw two when I went there last night for dinner (although it was a Friday night). All our food came quickly and the prices weren't bad. Some of the best Chinese food I've had in years. Everything was amazing, I assure you if you try it you will be pleasantly surprised.I was sitting in Johnny Chang's waiting for my food to be prepared when a young lady angrily stormed in and demanded a refund, she found a roach in her fried rice  I respectfully cancelled my order.This doesn't require a long review, its pretty simple.
The sushi is quite good. On par with expensive, high end Japanese restaurants. However, the Chinese pretty much sucks. Bland and tasteless and everytime I've gotten delivery it's been cold. Ordered shrimp shumai tonight and they were the kind you buy frozen in the grocery store. I guess I had higher expectations and thought it would be "real" shumai with a whole shrimp inside....nope. Unless you want sushi this place is a waste of money.I went to the place years ago, and it was good. I went on 3/5/2012 expect your Sushi to come from Friskies cans. Was the WORST sushi I've ever tried to eat. For $20.00 more, you could get good sushi in Center City at Fat Salmon, Aki, and Raw. AVOID this place at all cost, cross the street when you are walking by.I think I'm addicted to spring rolls or soy sauce. Live really close by so if I need a fix it is awesome. The curry is also pretty nice bud Pad Thai not so much, it was an option so I had to try as i am very familiar with Thai. If looking for solid Chinese Food pretty solid. Basically if looking for snacks and stuff i Hit it up. Nice change sometimes from the standard cheesesteaks places surrounding me.I ordered the sashimi, bad idea. Though it was edible, some of the fish was frozen. Not at all appealing.I was pretty disappointed.  The food lacked good flavor.  They serve can soda instead of fountain.  Atmosphere was very outdated and gloomy.  WAY overpriced for what you get.  They bulk up your meals with tons of vegetables so you barely get any meat.  The spicy crab salad was pretty delicious though the crab was skimpy.Grrr. Again. Two packets. Don't be so tight with your condiments, Johnny Chang!This has to be the worst Chinese restaurant I've ever eaten in. The food was disgusting and the service was worse. If I could have given it zero stars I would have.
Don't waste your money.Everything was really good. I had the Eel and spicy tuna sushi, pork lo mein, and general tsaos.  They go sauce crazy on the sushi, which I find amazing. Overall everything was quite tasty and we got it delivered quickly.Johnny Chang's is my all time favorite in South Philly! I had both of their Chinese and Japanese dishes and they never disappoint me. Their general tso's chicken and rainbow roll is a must try! 
Deliveries are within an hour but I recommend dining in for the full experience!This is one of my favorite places in South Philly for Chinese and Japanese cuisine! I've had experience dining in and having my food delivered, great food and service, never disappointing. Definitely try out their shrimp tempura roll and angel wing roll.I have not eaten in the restaurant, I've only had my food delivered. Each time I've had it delivered by Johnny Chang's, it arrived early, fresh, and very warm! The egg drop soup is my favorite and it's one of the best I've ever tasted. The tofu is really good also especially the sauce it comes with. The portions are very generous, I had enough for the next day. Can't wait till next time. Keep on doing what you're doing Johnny Chang's!Love this gem. 
I've been coming here for years. I prefer to dine in it's nice inside and BYOB with very affordable prices. It's family owned so its always the same people working. Their sushi is very good and the size is larger than average. Shrimp Tempura roll is my favorite. 
If you're not into sushi they have a full chinese food menu. General Tso's Shrimp is out of this world. Big portions so you might want to split it.Fast clean nice people nuff said lol But really try something new like Sushi if you never had it before.My roommate and I order from da Chang's all the time! I have never ever ever gotten a bad meal here! Johnny Chang's chicken is #1. Lo mein, Mei fun, dumplings, shumai, spring rolls, egg rolls, sesame chicken, chicken with vegetables, sushis! Everything is always hot and scrumtious. We get delivery at least twice a week. With their prices and portions, we save money by ordering Johnny Chang's! Sometimes, I will order, then she will order the same night! Of course, they probably find this annoying, but they still bring us amazing chinese cuisine! Love it! Delivery is always on time, or earlier than estimated!I am convinced that most people do not know what the he'll they are talking about and that most people are full of crap. Most of these reviews support my belief. 
I have eaten at Johnny Changs from delivery at least 10 times.never once have they been late. Never once have they taken longer than 30 minutes. Never once has my food been cold. Everyone that answers the phone their speaks perfect english. They never get your order wrong because they can understand you. 
I have eaten their sushi and Chinese food. Both are great. Their chicken and steak are chicken and steak. Not fatty chewy slivers of beef or processed chicken. Or fatty over breaded chicken. Real chicken. Real beef. Order shrimp lo mien ton of shrimp. Want just shrimp and broccoli in your lo mein extra spicy. No problem. egg rolls are awesome, crisp, plenty of mustard and duck sauce with it. Standard generals is delicious and cooked perfectly. Sushi! The double bubble roll is a beautiful thing. Tuna with black pepper on top with spicy tobiko and spicy sauce, with spicy tuna and crunch inside. How about a great idea for a man. Sushi castle. It is a big piece of sushi with crab meat shrimp and avocado and two sauces on top. That way you don't have to eat five rolls of sushi to feel full. I could go on. This place is great and if you live far away don't expect you damn food to be warm when it gets there! Otherwise you are just an idiot.I really like the setting of this restaurant as it's very elegant and the employees are very customer focused. They have the best pad thai in town and it's very convenient as they offer both take out and delivery along with dining in. This place is very clean and delivery doesn't take long either. Highly recommend if you're looking for a decent Chinese/Japanese Restaurant.Went here a second time and things where still very good. Still some of the best Chinese I've ever had.After seeing all the bad reviews lately, I was skeptical to try from Johnny Chang's but surprisingly when we ordered the sushi it tasted good/fresh, and the miso soup was also good, especially for a good price! Definitely going to order again, doing so at the moment.The food is okay. I asked for lots of duck and soy sauce. They only gave two packets of each, which doesn't go very far.Got food from here tonight with my sister. 3 rolls (1 regular, 2 specialty) and a sashimi tuna  salad including extra sauces cost $46 after tip. 
The delivery was within the Grub Hub estimate (about an hour). The quality, while not bad, was definitely not as good as other places we've ordered from. She didn't even eat one of the rolls because of it wasn't palatable to her. I have yet to try it...I'll sample some and update if it's repulsive. 
Otherwise, the ordering experience was efficient as was the customer service. Not sure about trying them again.TERRIBLE SERVICE! We ordered delivery and asked the person who took our order to put a $4 tip on the card for the driver. When the driver comes he says "what? no tip?" We told him that we had in fact tipped him, but anyone who felt the need to ask for a tip, did not deserve one, and that he should take it up with his boss. After he continued to yell at us, at our house, i called johnny Changs to tell them what was going on. They did not seem to have trouble with english when i ordered, but now suddenly, they claimed to "not speak english". After i argued with the girl and told her that we had put the tip on the card, I decided it was time to get off the phone. She called me back 5 minutes later and told me that there was no tip on the card. I was over it at this point, but disgusted that they had the nerve to call me and tell me that, after their delivery guy yelled at us, that they had forgotten to put the tip on the card. Terrible place, don't waste your time.I love ordering from the a few times a month. Their food has always been spot on and fresh. My go-to order is miso soup, avacado salad and shrimp shumai. They were extremely gracious today when I needed it delivered by mistakenly chose "Pickup". They promptly sent someone out. I will be sure to leave an extra tip next time I order!Johnny Chang's has typical food you will find at the average Chinese take-out restaurant except the quality of food is much better. They also have Japanese and Sushi. I haven't tried their sushi yet but their prices seem reasonable and it was voted best sushi in the south philly review. It's hard to find good (American) Chinese takeout that doesn't make you feel horrible after you have eaten it. It's nice to find a place where  you get good prices and great food. The restaurant is nice inside if you want to eat-in.  Definitely my favorite Chinese take-out in South Philly.I ate here last week and everything was great! Sushi, chinese food and service. Great great great and delicious delicious delicious. Fresh wonderful and amazing! Its my new spot! Get down with it and you will love your life!My go-to spot for Chinese food. Everything is delicious, prices are reasonable and delivery is quick. All around great place.Johnny Chang's is my go-to spot for Chinese takeout. I discovered them while using the GrubHub app on my phone. Their food is consistent, pricing is fair and delivery is fast. I order from this place once or twice a month (3 or 4 times if my girlfriend is out of town).My last two spur-of-the-moment takeout cravings landed me at Johnny Chang's. My usual Chinese takeout spot is great, but I was hoping to branch out and try a new place. One point in Johnny Chang's favor: you can order from them using Grub Hub, and pay with credit card (or even Paypal, if you don't even feel like crossing the room to get your wallet.)
The first time I ordered, I was happy with the food and the prompt delivery. I ordered for a second time to test that hypothesis, and wasn't disappointed- delicious food with a fresh taste, and fast, friendly delivery. That's basically all I'm looking for in a takeout place, and it makes me eager to visit in person next time.
As for the food: both their chicken and beef seem to use a decent cut of meat with a minimum of fat, nicely stir-fried and not too heavy on the sauce. The standby of Chinese takeout, General Tso's, is in their hands an actual treat- perfectly cooked, light and crisp on the outside, not saturated with oil, not overly bready, with a lightly spicy sauce. For my taste, it could be hotter, but I'm not their only customer. Their scallion pancake is satisfyingly doughy and oniony, and their cheese wontons practically melted in my mouth. Their egg rolls, too, while pretty standard, do have an especially good flavor and a crisp texture, with crumbles of pork spilling out. But I was also interested in sushi, and Johnny Chang's can do that! I picked up some eel, and was pleased to find that the smoked eel was still warm and tender when it got to me. They also do salads with seafood (crab meat and shrimp) and I tried one of those as well- the spring mix was fresh, with julienned cucumbers, seaweed and crabmeat under a ginger dressing. A refreshing surprise to find on a takeaway menu. Nicely played, Johnny Chang's.
This place has earned my attention, and I have no doubt I'll be giving the rest of the menu a look when my next takeout craving hits.Place used to be great, lately delivery has taken over an hour + on multiple occasions, tonight in particular they delivered when I expressed twice that I would be picking up.  Delivery guy called my cell to tell me he was outside my house, when I told him it was to be picked up he gave me an attitude, called store they offered no apologies. Food has gone south as well, ordered Chicken Pad Thai, chicken tasted rubbery...  Wasabi was dried out and changing colors that came with my Shrimp Tempura.  Shame, service and food was impeccable when they first opened.  Really took a turn for worse.  Suggest China House at 23rd and Oregon if you're lookin for good Chinese.My boyfriend and I decided to stop at Johnny Chang's after the Eagles game on our way back home. Our first impression of this place was really great, the restaurant is beautiful and clean. I personally love sashimi so I got the sashimi combo which came with different kinds of fish like yellowtail and tuna. My boyfriend doesn't eat sushi at all so he had the shrimp with the lobster sauce special that came with fried rice and soup. The sashimi were really good and fresh! We both liked our food and the service was excellent.HORRIBLE. EVEN THE RICE WAS HORRIBLE. If you can't cook rice at a Chinese restaurant, then you know the rest of this review will be tragic, so, save your money and yourself from disappointment and order elsewhere. 
Had Peking duck and it was awful. I gave it to my dogs. Didn't come with scallions, had stale rice papers... Not buns as described and the duck was both soggy and dry... A true miracle. 
Mongolian beef was soooo tough and the scallions really really over cooked... They were pure brown mush. 
Kung Poe shrimp was a disaster. NOTHING like Kung Pow, just a couple shrimp with a generic red sauce of some kind... Taste not distinguishable from anything really. 
Place is a joke. 
I will obviously never order from here again. There are so many amazing places in philly that there is no need to ever go back... Thank goodness.Best basic Chinese takeout place in South Philly.  They also serve sushi which I have had several times and have enjoyed. Order through GrubHub they are fast and courteous.  They care about their orders and if they have a question about your preferences they will call you right away.Food is excellent most of the time atmosphere is casual fairly clean.Got delivery, it was pretty bad overall.  
-- Singapore mei fun had about 3 tablespoons of cheap vegetable oil at the bottom.  I had to pour it down my drain.  Probably the worst mei fun I've had, ever.  It's a damn easy dish to make.  I know, I was a cook for 4 years at a pan-asian noodle house and I know it takes a max of a teaspoon of oil to make the dish.  No excuse for adding 10x extra and skimping out on the curry and spice.  
--  Ordered fried dumplings, received steamed dumplings.  They weren't bad, but not what I ordered.I am pleasantly surprised with Johnny Chang's! Ordered 3 lunch specials & a Shrimp tempura roll. Great price & portions of everything. I got the hot & spicy baby shrimp special & asked for it "hot" but it wasn't that spicy (I added my own red hot pepper flakes & it was perfect heat level for me) but the overall flavor was great before that. Shrimp & broccoli wasn't the normal taste but my girlfriend said it's probably because the don't use MSG in their method which i think is a huge plus if it's true! The sushi was fresh & the order was delivered BEFORE the time it was due!!! 
I will absolutely order from here again !I was a fan of this place for a while, but something has changed for the worse with Johnny Chang's. First it was their GrubHub service - higher delivery minimum (was $10, now $15) + delivery fee that now prevents me from ordering for one. Also, my last three orders have been borderline terrible. I don't know if they changed owners or what, but my loyalty to JC's in gone.Normally I order to be delivered to the Wells Fargo center which is 1.6 miles away from this establishment.  On New Year's Eve I wanted to order from home which is 1.8 miles away from the establishment and they refused to deliver.  I was extremely disappointed and it will effect me ordering here for work.very very fast service.  sort of weird personalities going on, but whatever.  delish!Not sure about anything else on the menu.. but the Japanese food was pretty gross, the shrimp tempura tasted like garbage. And the rolls were soggy.I'm 0.9 miles away and they can't deliver???!! They need to fix this.  I've eaten take out sushi and it was above par for the area in my opinion but not having delivery ruins it for me.  I'll update this review if they fix their delivery range.Not sure about anything else on the menu.. but the Japanese food was pretty gross, the shrimp tempura tasted like garbage. And the rolls were soggy. Ended up being sick from the food.While the delivery we ordered came within less than 30 minutes, which is awesome, the food was very underwhelming. We ordered egg rolls, wonton soup, chicken low mein, kung pao chicken, pork fried rice, steamed pork dumplings, and spare ribs. The low mein noodles seemed stale and lacked flavor. The kung pao chicken also lacked flavor and was very underwhelming.  The wonton soup broth tasted very watery, and the wontons were inferior to many other local spots. The egg rolls were just okay. The spare ribs were tough and the sauce was way too sweet. The fried rice was probably the best thing we ordered, but we all agreed that we've had way better. We were looking for a new place to order from and figured we give this place a try, but we wont be back. I recommend Isushi for Chinese over this place any day.I ordered three meals . When I got home I had received an incorrect order. When I called Johnny Chang 2 , they wanted me to fax a picture of my food to prove I got the wrong order. Unbelievable! The food quality has declined but this tops its.Best inexpensive chinese in the area! The mongolian triple is my fav.My roommate and I ordered online from GrunHub- he wanted Chinese  and I wanted sushi, so it seemed like a great compromise. Unfortunately, I hadn't seen these reviews beforehand but wish I had before ordering. Our food did not have any roaches (at least not that we've found) and it was still warm when it FINALLY got here. However, the food was mediocre and it took over an hour for delivery. Fingers crossed neither of us get sick.... definitely not worth the time or money. I will not order again, and unfortunately don't recommend.This place is your standard American Chinese restaurant, nothing special. It appears well kept and clean. Standard menu, nothing unusual. They do have sushi, but they do not have a sushi chef and there's no way the sell enough volume to have fresh fish, so beware of that. I usually get good ol' general tso chicken or sesame beef. They use fresh veggies and decent portions.
I have two major complaints about this place:
1) Inconsistency - sometimes the food is made really well and it's some of the best Chinese takeout I've had... and then other days, I order the same dish and it's completely different and terrible.
2) The servers are unfriendly and incompetent. Don't try to ask for a substitution or an extra side or anything, they either flat out refuse or they don't understand what you're talking about when you ask for extra rice. I asked for green tea one time and the girl didn't know what I was talking about, so I asked her what kinds of tea they had... still getting a puzzled look. She honestly thought there was only one kind of tea (Jasmine). And no, it is not a language issue, they all speak fluent English.
Anyway, in summary, I still order from here when I'm in South Philly because when the food is good, it's very good, and when it's bad, it's still decent and probably better than anything else in the area.I really like the setting of this restaurant as it's very elegant and the employees are very customer focused. They have the best pad thai in town and it's very convenient as they offer both take out and delivery along with dining in. This place is very clean and delivery doesn't take long either. Highly recommend if you're looking for a decent Chinese/Japanese Restaurant.UGH! ok. first off, i live in south philly, and not the cool side, the point breeze/automall side.  it's borderline impossible to find decent chinese may way, let alone sushi (that delivers!!!) my friend turned me on to johnny chang's which is right up on broad and wolf i believe.  the first time i should have learned my lesson.  i got eel roll, yellowtail roll, and a spicy tuna hand roll.  everything was tiny!  and for $6 a roll, i'm expecting the usual silver dollar sized pieces. these were more along the lines of nickels. frownieZ. my handroll was filled with this coral-colored mush! i don't even know how to describe it, but i can try...imagine your four year old nephew tries to make you an "ice cream cone"  out of canned tuna and mayonaisse, possibly a little play-do, but you're not sure.  that is pretty accurate.  my friend got the general tso's chicken, which was weird soggy and deep fried the way sweet and sour chicken is.  so ok, $35 later, i still had sushi delivered to my door.  
so i ventured to try them out one last time, and it was when i had a lot of people over watching the phillies.  we ordered a good $100 worth of food, and waited, and waited, and waited.  an hour passes by, and i start to panic. i am not the type to send things back, or call yelling at a take out place because our (raw) food is sitting in the back of some guys hot car for 45 minutes.  but after another twenty minutes, i did call, with an impressive amount of attitude.  apparently, "our driver was lost over by the stadium, and would be there shortly"...so i hang up, still impressed with my ability to call this joint and demand answers.  when i told everyone what the woman on the phone had told me, they erupted into a chorus of "uhhhh, that makes no sense!", "You live nowhere NEAR the stadium!" "its been an hour and a half, give me the phone..." so my ballsy friend calls, gets the skinny.  Johnny Chang's is taking 20% off our order and making us fresh sushi.  cool, right? so we thought.  so another half hour passes and the driver shows up, sheepishly, and hands us two soggy bags.  ginger dressing drips on my carpets, and it is SO obvious this sushi has been festering in its own juices for two hours.  We sent it back, and ordered a pizza.  NEVER AGAIN!!!All white meat(chicken breast) for chicken dishes! Their sushi also tastes good with reasonable price. It is always a good idea to order the combination plate if you are ordering for lunch or dinner. They also offer free delivery for food over $15 dollars to the nearby neighborhood area.I often get take out from this place since I live about half a block away.  It's pretty good food, never had any complaints.  And their sushi is alright too.  I've never sat down in the restaurant to eat (since I live so close, why would I?) but the place to sit while you're waiting for take out is awkwardly close to the door and in a position where you're staring at all the people who are sitting down and eating.  But the cashiers and such are always nice (if not a bit timid and shy).  It's an okay place.I'm really disappointed, I've order a large hot and sour soup, johnny special chicken, philly roll and a special lo mein. 
1. The hot and sour soup is cold (the restaurant is 10min walk away from my home) that shouldn't be happen
2. They gave me a wrong order, I've special lo mein, but they gave a some kind a vegetable?? No idea what it is.
3. The special chicken taste awful, chicken not even cook well.
Sushi taste ok though, Chinese food is terrible, they need a new chefI like being adventurous with food, but when I find something that a place does well, I stick to it. And Johnny Chang's does a very good shrimp pad thai. I can't speak about their other selections, but I highly recommend that you try out their shrimp pad thai. I would regularly order it from Grubhub and the delivery is super speedy. 
Now, why do I like it so much? Well having attempted to make pad thai at home, I know how difficult it can be to do well. 
Here are the highlights:
+ Doesn't skimp on the protein, like they seriously give enough shrimp for each bite. That's a serious win!
+ Their sauce has a nice sweet & savory blend that is atypical of the more peanut-tamarindy variation. A squeeze of lime into the thick sauce is just perfect.
+ Noodles have the right bite and length to them (and that's really hard to do!)
I'm a fan and you should give them a try!Zero stars. Inedible. Not an exaggeration. Dog food. Messed up my pickup order. Horrible customer service. Didn't offer money back or to deliver it to me. Treat you like it's your responsibility to make it right. I'm not driving all the way back to fix it turd. You should. Super disappointed. Soggy AF food. Awful hot sour soup completely cold not even lukewarm. First and last time ever.!!! Absolutely a waste of money.Horrible.. owners horrible rats running all over the place. I use to like this place but I just can't take their rude behavior as well unsanitary conditions....STAY AWAY!!!the food was soooooo good i ordered it twice!!! this is hands down the best Chinese food I've had in ages and the delivery was really speedy too! I haven't tried the sushi, but you get a lot of really tasty food for the price I got an egg roll wonton soup veggie low mien steamed dumplings and a drink for about $14 bucks!! the ingredients were all very fresh tasting as well! I will be ordering from here for now on!! yummy!!My parents and I used to order from Johnny Chang's all the time for many years over the phone and one day I ordered something that was probably very inexpensive to make as it only involved egg and rice and my husband called to say he would run behind by a couple of minutes and they told him not to worry that someone will be there. He came there to pick up my food and no one was there. I called back the next day about it and I asked if I would be able to have my same order given I paid about $5 for something that probably cost them pennies but instead of being accommodating to a long time customer that they've never had issues with before, they took a stance of not accommodating my request over the phone. Quite disappointed in their customer service as I've been a patron of theirs for many years and with having had one issue they were willing to just throw it all away over something so small.We've only had delivery but ...  Wow.  
I had been looking for a good, constant delivery option here in town - and Johnny's is not just good, but has been absolutely awesome each time.
We've ordered a wide variety of things - including Sushi (which I will admit I did not have high expectations of) and a number of other favorites.  Everything has been fresh, hot and seasoned.  Something I had given up hope of in Philadelphia (at least for my tastes).  
Not only was is good for me, but everyone in the house has enjoyed each dish - and the Triple Mongolian reminds me of a taste treat I haven't had this side of the Mississippi. 
Give them a try - I'll be adding more specific tips and photos as time goes on.  I know we'll be ordering from here a lot.We love Johnny Chang's! Best Asian takeout food in the city in my opinion. Great to mix it up between Chinese, sushi, and pad thai. Highly recommend to anybody.Best Chinese in South Phl!!! Nothing else compares, from the appetizers, sushi, and entrees  you cant go wrong with anything you order. Run dont walk to this restaurant!