Let's get on the same page here.  I am from California.  So for me, sampling the mexican food in Philly is like trying to find a decent cheesesteak in San Francisco--you can find better if you go to the source (or at least a few hundred miles north of it).  With that said, I tempered my expectations and finally tried Johnny Mananas.  I asked the bartender to order me her favorite dish, and ended up with "Johnny's Favorite"--a spinoff on enchiladas.  With a little Tapatio on top it actually tasted pretty good; maybe not $14 good, but better than expected.  Rice and beans were a little dry, but excellent (house-made) tortilla chips and salsa made up for it.
The atmosphere was lively and it looked like the bartender knew how to make a decent drink, although I stuck to beer.  Aside from fancier joints like El Vez and Lolita, Johnny Mananas is my frontrunner for best basic Mexican food in Philly.Not a fan of this place.Ive had better food from the supermarket freezer section and on top of that the service was slowThis place would be great if the servers were much more attentive. We went there when we first moved to East Falls about 2 years ago and at that time the service was okay but since our first visit the service has gone downhill BIG TIME. For awhile they didn't have a liquor license  and didn't let you know you couldn't get drinks until you sat and waited 20 minutes for a server to pay attention to you. It's a shame because the food is OK, fish tacos are good, margaritas are good, ambiance is good... the service is just really really bad. We've given it a bunch of chances but we are always disappointed.We used to live near here and come here with some regularity. The food was good and the place was fun. NO MORE! Don't waste time, memory or money here. The menu lies. Mexican fried chicken is a fried chicken happy meal with a full plate of sawdust textured "Mac and cheese" with the Mac cooked down into paste. There was no Pork at 7pm on Saturday evening for carnitas. The beer is OK.The food was okay--but they ran out of guacamole, or so we were told. I didn't even believe this, so it's either very bad service, or not having a menu item that is really necessary for too many dishes.It is an absolute shame that the service is so bad since the food and drinks are good. I've been coming here for years however this past year the service has been absolutely horrible. 
Since I had to wait so long for everything, I had a lot of time to observe what was going on. I was here for about 2 hours on 02-23-14 at 7:30-9:30. I only state this in hopes that the owner sees this. When I arrived this were 15 people scattered at the tables and bar. I asked to sit at the high top by the window...the waitress sighed and stated that it has to be cleaned....and took me to another table and walked away.  It took 10 minutes before I was approached for a drink order, mind you that all of the waitresses were sitting at the table that they're supposed to be doing side work...texting!  The texting continued all evening....my drink ran dry several times and no one was around to refill it. I actually had to flag someone down each time I needed something including the check.  Now please remember  there was about 15 people (5 or 6 tables) in the whole place and there were 4 waitresses.   If they weren't texting at that table they were all gathered there BS-ing. 
This went on all evening...I had to ask for napkins and a fork, the high top I mentioned I wanted to sit at...never cleaned in the 2 hours I was there; 2 couples asked to be moved after they were seated because the table was dirty; the table was cleaned with Windex....I didn't realize that Windex was a disinfectant. 
The owner should be ashamed of himself and the manager and waitresses should be let go. The only one working was the bartender. 
And the icing on the cake....I wrote this waiting for my check. I won't be back and will tell everyone not to waste there time. 
Just one more suggestion for the owner if they happen to see this....add an email on your website. I would have sent this directly to you had there been a way to contact you. 
Honestly, better service at Taco Bell.Went back, tried the margaritas.  Worst margaritas ever.  Bad mix, watered down, and expensive.  Stick to beer.  I even had a shot of Patron and it was completely watered down.  Johnny, you just dropped a star.can't beat their $5 margaritas! I recommend the classic margarita on the rocks  
mediocre Mexican food but definitely a bang for your buck margaritasI'm not a HUGE Mexican food fan, but there is no way I can give this place anything less than 5 stars. It's a well-done place, a great atmosphere, and a pretty cool location. The food is darn tasty...I've enjoyed it as much as any other restaurant in the city (but I keep my selections simple, ya know?) The place can be crowded...but never packed or ridiculous, etc. Reservations make it easy. Parking (local, free) is not much of an issue either. Prices are decent...and the margaritas are top-notch! This place is just another piece of the culinary puzzle that makes Philadelphia the best food city in the world!   How dare New Yorkers call Philly their "sixth borough"!  They can keep their overpriced steakhouses and "New York" soft pretzels...what a joke!I've never written a review on a restaurant in my life because I'm normally not very critical but after my experience at this place I have to.
Went for lunch at about 11:45.  Sat at the bar and ordered a tea and a margarita while I was waiting for the food.
At 1:09 about 80 minutes later the manager told me he had got my ordered mixed up with a table and there was no food.  He told me he wouldn't charge me for the drinks, which I hadn't finished, and that I could come back and have lunch on him in the future.  I walked out.
While I waiting at the bar the bartender, who was standing right in front of me when I ordered, twice came up to me and said, "did you order food?  Oh ok let me check it shouldn't be long."  She didn't come back to me either time.
Also while I waiting, I asked the waitress, who was near the bar, if there was a happy hour crowd there normally.  She sneered and said "yea sometimes."
Worst experience I ever had in a restaurant.  Manager seemed nice enough but I got the distinct feeling that they were not on top of things at all.Went here last night. As others mentioned, the restaurant has a strange moldy smell. We asked to be sat outside. Waited for ten minutes for a waitress (we were one of five total tables in the entire place) and waited an entire hour for our food (wings and chicken tacos). Had to ask for water and for napkins, silver wear, and chips. Food was ok but due to the terrible service, I'll never go here again.I went here for margaritas several months ago and they were strong and amazing, but I returned again last night for their $5 margaritas and they just tasted awful. It was like my friend and I were drinking iced juice. So gross. 
The food, on the other hand, was actually pretty good. I got the fish tacos, which I was a little nervous about given the other reviews about poor food quality, but I was pleasantly surprised. The tacos were stuffed with rather large grilled fish filets, and they had a good amount of veggies and guacamole on them too. The chips and salsa were also delicious. My friend ordered the chicken tacos, and she said they were pretty good too. Overall, it was a lot of food, and we both had leftovers.outdoor lunch with a child, very affable environs, and good tacos and enchiladas. fresh salsa and an excellent corn chowder with a slight latin twist. Would recommend.I've been twice to Johnny Manana's and liked it. I think the fish tacos are simple, but good. My BF got the chicken tacos which were in a pretty yummy sauce. Love that mexican dine-in comes with chips/salsa. Others in the group got a salad and crab soup which they both said they really enjoyed. I don't think I really felt my margarita, but it was tasty...maybe a good happy hour option?
I like it and I'd go back.I desperately wanted to like this place, so I kept going back.  Every time, I left feeling like I was missing someone.  The food is bland, the service is bad, and the drinks are watered down and take forever.  
I always think about Johnny Manana's when it gets nice out because they have some outdoor seating, but then when we're at our table and I look around, I realize we are on one of the busiest street corners in East Falls and at any moment I could be plowed over by a car.   People are always honking and running the light and it just makes for a frenzied meal.
There are plenty of better Tex-Mex restaurants in the city!I was wandering around the area and decided to stop by. The restaurant is right in the corner, with large signage so it's hard to miss. 
I went in the afternoon during a lull, so its hard to gauge what their service is like during the busy lunch/dinner hours. I had some fish tacos, and they weren't bad. I can't really speak to the service either, as I sat at the bar, got some beers and ate the tacos.
That's all.I could have said I died here because it was late and I was hungry ... that's my excuse.  The environment and service was adequate, and the food was just passable as it was very bland and possibly prepared / cooked by a WASP woman from the Mainline.  I found the behavior of the waitstaff an example of complete incompetence not due to ability but unchecked arrogance and carelessness.  I can't say there are much better Mexican restaurants in Philadelphia as the culture is way too far from the border...this place if freaking disgusting... eeekkkk. My friends and I came to this place and WHAT AN EXPERIENCE!!!!!. When we came in and sat down at the bar the bartender was very nice. So we ordered our drinks, as our drinks were being made I could not help but to notice this very disturbing stinch that this place had. It smelled like a old mop and dirty rag mixed with a dead mouse. When I received my drink I said that it smelled funny and I had looked over and seen that it was a trash can under the bar next to us. So my friend said to move over to the other end of the bar.  As we were tring to move to the other end of the bar my friend was pointing to a mouse under the bar in between the wood. I was disgusted so we told the bartender the bartender came around and seen the mouse as well.  She had went to get the manager megan. We showed megan where the mouse was. The bartender was disturbed and asked us not to be so loud (as if we were) around the bar. Megan seen this mouse and her explanation was that this is a resturant near the water, things like this happens sometimes, and that our drinks were on the house. As if we wanted to drink from there. we were shocked and disgusted and never would I again come to this place. yuckThis is the 3rd or 4th time I've been here, and it unfortunately has gotten worse, not better. Horrible service, slow and impersonal. The food is incredibly average. It's noisy and crowded on weekends, and parking is a challenge outside. Far better places within a few mile radius.They get a three stars because they don't serve chips and salsa late night. Change that.I just left Johnny Mananas after a quick bite to eat, and I must say, this is one of the most hip and charming places I've ever eaten at! To start off, the waitress greeted us with all smiles and sat us at a table right near the window. The menu was easy to read and fun to look at. I ordered a pomegranate margarita. It was amazing! Just the right amount of tequila! For my appetizer, I ordered the empanadas which were amazing. I then got the barbecue chicken burrito. BEST BURRITO I'VE EVER HAD! The place was clean, the service was quick, and everyone was so sweet. I have no complaints. If I could give Johnny Mañanas ten stars, I would! Definitely coming back for more!Johnny Manana's is generic, Americanized Mexican food. And sometimes, that's OK. Sometimes, I don't want gourmet meat in my burrito. Yet, I don't want Taco Bell. And Johnny's fills that "niche." Went on a Wednesday evening. Seated promptly and given salsa and chips. When we finished that bowl of chips before the food cam (which wasn't a long wait, we were just STARVING), they gave us a second bowl of chips, and refilled the salsa. My beef burrito was HUGE. Filled with ground beef, beans, rice, cheese, and served with lettuce, tomato, onions, sour cream, and salsa verde on the side. My dining partner got the taco platter (four tacos, he chose two soft and two hard-shell), with fajita beef (strips instead of ground). Cleaned his plate. Our server offered us dessert, but by that point we were stuffed. We'll definitely be back.Food is GROSS!!! Good for chips, salsa & margarita's and that's it.Really disappointing. 
My husband and I went here for a late dinner and a Monday night NFL game. He got the chimichangas and I got a burrito. It was no different/better than Qdoba but cost twice as much. The service was ok, but not great. 
Next time we're going across the street to the Taproom.This place is great if:
1. You don't know anything about real Mexican food.
2. Don't mind watered down margaritas that taste like sours mix.
3. Don't care about poor service.
I must have given this place 3-4 chances before finally vowing to never come back. Funny because every time I went i vowed to never go back but felt they deserved another chance. No more of that!
Food is ridiculously overpriced for the quality. Salsa tastes like canned tomato sauce. Ambiance is terrible; blaring radio rock with commercials.
One nice day I witnessed my boyfriend being called a "fag" by one of the patrons who then proceeded to turn around with his friends and audibly laugh at a disabled girl walking down the street. The mark of a quality restaurant? I think not.
Oh, and one time the waitress charged me $100 on top of the original cost of my meal when dining out. WTF?
This place needs some good competition. 
Steer clear of this place, I beg of you.Actually I'm here right now at the restaurant and felt the need to post (that bad I just made this account).  It is now under new management and is extremely unorganized with horrible service (waited 1.5 hours almost for food). My taco meat was in a vat of fat and oil. Not only that but they lost their liquor license so they give you free virgin margaritas until you complain for the wait and then they can give you ones with a little alcohol. The manager came by to apologize and offered chips.. Which never came..and the "cooks" were cursing behind the counter talking about touching each others genitals.  Avoid this place..giving two stars is pushing it.A very very bad experience. First off, the minute you walk in there is a dirty, empty open kitchen/bar area where dirty dishes/pots lay. It's pretty disgusting. Then, after being seated, we were greeted immediately. Our server just seemed to be having a bad day. She actually complained to us about how she was tired from working 5 days in a row. We ordered steak enchiladas, chicken nachos, chicken quesedilla and crab soup. We explained to the server that we needed it to be quick. This was at 1 p.m. and it wasn't busy at all. The food took about 45 minutes to get to us. We ate two baskets of chips before it came. And it was wrong. We had no quesadilla. I explained this to the manager, who brought us the food, even though we hadn't complained. We told him we didn't want it, it was too late. He insisted that he get it for us. Which gave us the impression that it may be complimentary due to the mistake. Well, we were wrong about that. He charged us for everything. The food was below average. What was supposed to be a quick trip, ended up as a 90 minute visit. And we didn't eat out food. Had to take most of it to go. The check total was ridiculous. I don't mind paying if the food is good. I felt cheated.Food was awesome.. They even made my Long Island the way I like it but the only gripe I had was with a customer who said some pretty inappropriate things. I just feel the owner or manager should have handled the situation directly instead of smirking as if that type of conversation is admissible. 
Food was great, drinks were great aside form the one customer, the overall crowd is nice. Great location by the way.Went to this place when i was house hunting a few years back. Wow What A Rip-off! and bad service!
Ok so maybe i'm spoiled by living in south philthy for 5 years and got used to authentic Mexican.. Garibaldi's rocks and priced right.. (byob too) anyway back to horrible manana's this place looks good but isn't ... kinda like the neighborhood. IQ anyone.. 
only kidding there must be a total of 265 iq on my block at least!This is the perfect place to go if you would like to wait for fajitas until the day you die. Jokes aside, we sat down here once and our server LITERALLY never came back. She was sitting at an empty table chatting the entire evening. We had empty water glasses, no menus, and ended up having to ask another waitress to order our food for us. (She made it very clear that she was doing US a favor.) We had to walk over to the cash register to pay because she never even came over to give our bill. Atrocious service and average food. Only positive is the pitchers of margaritas! The "Perfect" is decent. For everything else, look elsewhere.I have no clue what the food taste like here! What I do know is that the Bartenders here are really hot chicks, and not like bimbo hot like just good ol wholesome milf hot... Sorry its been a while since I've written reviews and im gettin all riled up... 
( PC version)
Okay so like I said they make really great drinks here and the staff is soooo awesome. I have a new crush on a employee every time I come here... Is that bad? No that means they are Bad Ass!! Duuuh! All jokes aside I did actually have the hotwings and they were awesome, they have good drink deals and make a descent margarita. I feel this is also kind of a diamond in the rough as well. I mean its not like they have Mexican Cantina style eateries spread across the Atlantic so you gotta give them a A for efforT. Plus last time I walked out this joint it was closing time, and I was shitfaced stewed & screwed! Had a hangover for the rest of the following day though!! GOOD TIMESThe best thing about this place was that they changed the television to the Flyers game like we asked. That and the $7 corona and shot of tequila special.
The food was ok...the shrimp tasted like they were still frozen, and my boyfriend's food looked like a pile of crap. 
The best part may have been the old lady without teeth hitting on the young man to our right. Oh and the bug he found in his drink.
You can do better than this place.I love Mexican food, all sorts.  This place is as close to Sonoran or old school California Mexican restaurant style as you can get in Philly (and still taste good).  All I'm looking for in a place like this is great chips and salsa and an awesome bean and cheese burrito.  And thats what I get here, nothing fancy but its just done really well and satisfies my cravings for the Mexican food of my childhood.  
The service here is great and I like the decor which is a plus.Went last night and I guess I shouldve learned from my last encounter, but the last time was due to the patron there. This time, the service and food  was horrible!!! I just had chips and queso.. or something Americanized version of queso, which harden and had to be re-heated, only to be provided BURNT chips to dip with.
My friend had buffalo wings which wasn't bad, I guess. Not really my thing. There was also an order for a taco salad which the shell had to have been made with the same batch as the chips bcuz, of course, it was burnt.
Made mention to the newbie waitress which took forever to approach our table at first and several times, and she offered NO remuneration. 
Last night was my last time going there.BEFORE YOU READ THIS PLEASE NOTE THAT I HAVE BEEN A SERVER IN A CHAIN RESTAURANT FOR ALMOST 4 YEARS!
I'm only giving Johnny Mananas one star because I have no choice, otherwise it would get five negative stars and the finger!
I vowed NEVER to return to Johnny Mananas again about two years ago because the service was that terrible. My BFF loved their fish tacos and was dying to go back, so I reluctantly agreed. 
Whenever I dined at Johnny Mananas in the past, I always ordered the same thing, the beef empanadas. So, obviously, this time I ordered the same thing and my friend ordered the fish tacos (which she always ordered). Mind you, I had not been to this place in over a year, and I was unaware of all of their "issues" and new ownership etc... 
When my empanadas came out they were wrong (I ordered beef and got chicken), so I sent them back. My friend said the fish tacos were nothing like before and that they looked gross (they did). So, we decided not to eat there. 
We let our server know that we were unhappy with the food (which we hadn't touched), and that we were going to dine someplace else. She told us she had to get the manager, which was fine with us. 
Again, I work at a restaurant and this was expected... 
What we didn't expect was this:
+ the MANAGER/OWNER coming to our table in jean shorts and a dirty t-shirt
+ the MANAGER practically yelling at us in front of other patrons because we disliked the food
+ the MANAGER telling us there was nothing wrong with our food and that we needed to learn how to read a menu 
+the MANAGER telling us he was sick of 'people like us' coming in and stealing food (mind you, we didn't eat anything... my food was still being corrected)
+the MANAGER telling us to get the hell out of his restaurant and not to ever come back
Now, I try very hard in all situations to be polite to restaurant staff and management because I KNOW HOW IT IS!  But, I was completely appalled at how this man was speaking to my friend and me. That being said, what he should have done was:
+ask how he could help us
+offer to correct any issue with the food 
or
+ suggest something else on the menu
Again, I am a server and I would NEVER go to a restaurant and try to get free food by complaining. For him to suggest that that was my intention was insulting. Furthermore, I have NEVER seen an establishment run with less professionalism than this one.I would really like to see this place improve their service, because that is the one thing that has me not wanting to go back. 
We went on a Friday. When we walked in. we had to wait until the staff finished their conversation to get seated. 
After the food came out, we sat there looking at our food until a waitress came by and we could ASK for silverware. 
My roommate asked for a side of guacamole, and it didn't come out. 
However, it was on the bill so we had to get that straightened out. 
They have outdated deals on the wall. (It says something about taco platters, we asked and they don't have those anymore.
Another thing i would say about the place is that they bring out TONS of good chips, with an itty bitty side of salsa.Had the jerk wings and streamed mussels. Both were delicious. The food is worth 4 stars but the service is not that great. The staff aren't friendly at all. But I would go back for the foodWaited an hour for tacos. The waitress was confused the entire time. Gave us a bill that wasn't ours and then the manager came out trying to get us to pay for it. Margaritas were too sweet. The whole thing was terrible.My roommate mentioned on numerous occasions that if I was looking for good Mexican food, I should go to Johnny Manana's.  I had ignored her up until yesterday, because we typically disagree on everything from what makes a guy good looking to what the definition of "clean" is.
However, yesterday the boyfriend and I were starving, and decided to stop in for a bite.  Bad call.
We stepped in the door, and the place smelled kind of weird.  Not like delicious Mexican food, either.  Like, I don't even know what, but definitely something unappetizing.
Then came the best part of my meal: my glass of water.  Seriously.  It was the highlight.  This might have something to do with the fact that it was a brutal 95 degrees out, but whatever.  Something I ate should of been tastier than the glass of flavorless water I drank.
He ordered a burrito, I went for enchiladas.  Now here's where they rook you.  His burrito was about $7.00, my enchiladas were about $8.00.  I guess that's not too bad, right?  Wrong, because if you want to add some crappy, dry shredded chicken it's another $3.00 on top of that.  What tricksters these people are.
Our food came out pretty quickly, thank goodness, but when I put it in my mouth it seemed like there was nothing there.  I tried another bite, but the same result.  The enchiladas were so bland, I might as well have been eating just a plain flour tortilla.
I tried the rice, but it was so dry all it did was suck the moisture from my mouth and also tasted like nothing.  The only thing I did enjoy were my refried beans, but I have a feeling they were probably out of a can.
I'm not a spicy food fanatic by any means, so I wasn't expecting my mouth to feel like a volcano or anything.  I was just asking for a bit of flavor that didn't come from dousing my food in hot sauce.  No such luck.
I probably could have gotten better, cheaper food at Qdoba.  And I don't even like Qdoba.This has got to be one of the best Mexican restaurant's I have been to in a long time. Nachos and steak fajitas are to die for and you can't just have one of the margaritas, peach and guava are the best ones. Server was sweet and very attentive . Manager also made sure we were well taken care of. I Highly recommend if you're in the area!Not only the worst "Mexican" or "Tex-Mex" or whatever food in Philly, this has to be one of the worst restaurants in the city, period. First went here in late-2007 upon moving to East Falls and had chicken tacos, the quality of which was on par with high school cafeteria food. The chicken/sauce mixture tasted like it came out of a can, and the cheese, lettuce, salsa, etc. had zero flavor and everything was dumped on the plate with no thought to presentation whatsoever, really unappetizing actually. Thought maybe it was just an off night so I came back a month later and got a chicken burrito -- same sad story.
During subsequent visits there, starting in early 2010, to meet with friends to play (now-defunct) Quizzo, I only ever had a beer. But one night I figured I'd see if the food was any better (I'd hoped that after two years they had gotten a new cook or something) so I ordered a veggie quesadilla, figuring how badly could they screw THAT up? Answer: Pretty badly. The few veggies, including huge chunks of carrot(??) were way undercooked and the whole thing just tasted...wrong. Blechhhh. 
Awful food aside, this place features servers who are generally nice but basically incompetent, lousy drinks made by horrible bartenders, and prices that are hilariously high for the shockingly low quality of food here. 
I should also add, seeing a mouse in the dining room once isn't pleasant, but it can happen at virtually any restaurant. However, seeing a mouse in the dining room nearly every time I was there is indicative of a bigger problem, and one I hope they've taken care of.
I haven't been back to Johnny Manana's in several months, and since there's no Quizzo there anymore I'll never again set foot in the place.
Bottom line: Steer clear. This joint makes Taco Bell seem like fine dining. No joke.Stopped here on the way home from center city as I was looking for some good inexpensive food.  Our meal did not disappoint us. Great food and drinks were great. Prices reasonable and more food than you can eat!!!Always enjoy coming here for a margarita. They're cheap and they come in sweet mason jars. The serving staff has never been anything but pleasant. We even had the owner come out and have a drink with us one night!
The food is your basic texmex. Nothing amazing, but definitely not bad. Free chips and salsa, the prices aren't bad either. 
Never upset with going to Johnny Manana's. Always love a walk down the hill for a quick beer at the Taproom and some Margaritas at Manana'sGood margaritas at great prices. The food is okay and reasonably priced. The vibe is good and the service is good. Will be back in the near future.Those nachos with chicken and everything else on top are aye ok! But those shredded chicken tacos, not ok. The tacos were a disappointment,  too soupy, I didnt even eat the last one. My friend had the crab quesadilla which she said was awesome. I'll just stick with the nachos next time and melon margaritaFirst the place was smelling beer like a after part. Second the food was tasteless, i ordered a burrito and im pretty sure i could had done better than Johnnys cooker. I live close to the place but i don feel like coming back, unfortunately.Quesadillas -- best I ever had. So flavorful. Wait staff was OK. The complimentary chips and salsa was delicious. The salsa was so fresh. Didn't have any drinks but I plan to on my next visit.I don't expect authentic Mexican cuisine in Philly, but I expect something a little bit better than this.  I was reminded of a fast food joint, where they scoop up the ingredients that have been sitting around and plop them into the burrito/taco shell.  Eat one end and it's all rice, end the other and it's all tough chicken.  The servings are large, but when you think about the effort, ingredients and price, well, you're not getting anything special.  
I been here a few times for drinks.  I'd normally drink beer, but their selection is pretty poor so I go straight to the liquor  (I'm kinda picky about beer).  Unfortunately, the mixed drinks are frustratingly weak.   I haven't tried the margaritas, but I'm not really interested in going back, again.Johnny Manana's is a resturant in a great location with so-so food.  Anyone who lives in East Falls will find it impossible to miss. As you drive, that Red Pepper sticks out and catches your eye. Since I live in East Falls, myself and a few East Falls locals are here a lot more than we would if either there were other Mexican restaurants in the area or lived somewhere else.
The food is kinda bland, not much better than Taco Bell or Qdoba. The one exception is the Cheese Enchiladas.  Its a hard item to mess up and they don't, so the Cheese Enchiladas are the way it should be cooked. So, as long as there as is the Cheese Enchiladas and good Mexican beer or tequila, I'll be coming by.
Where I want to make the effort to go for some more decent Mexican food, I drive up to Adobe.Food is so so. Service can be quite slow. It scratches an itch but only because we are still searching for really good Mexican in Philly.
Well we found good Mexican at Jose's Tacos off of Spring Garden. It is a completely different vibe- but the food is much better than at JM's.Good margaritas at great prices. $5 for a regular and about $7 for flavored ones. You can't go wrong with any of them.
 The food is okay, but it doesn't compare to some of the other more authentic spots in Philadelphia.What a disappointment :(   My husband and I used to frequent this place when we first were dating (8 years ago) and loved the food and overall experience.  We haven't eaten here for many years since I no longer live in the neighborhood, and decided to try it last night for dinner.  The menu used to be extensive, but now is limited to very Americanized "Mexican" foods.  The waitress we had was unable to say whether certain sauces were vegetarian and suggested a chicken dish (???).  For the price, there are many better Mexican restaurants around.Just about everything you would expect from a larger, commercial casual Mexican-style restaurant. It is more Tex-Mex though than Mexican.  
They have decent Happy Hour specials but the margaritas were subpar. At this point in my life, I'll pay a bit of a higher price or reduced volume for a better product especially for a basic margarita.
It isn't a bad place to meet coworkers or several friends for a drink or two and tacos but otherwise I would head somewhere else. Even in Philly, the Mexican food scene is leaps and bounds better than it was even 10 or 15 years ago.I went here with a friend because we were we're both in the mood for Mexican. The atmosphere was great and it was pretty busy which looked promising. That was the highlight. 
The waitress was clueless. I asked her how the crab quesadilla tasted she said. "It's  made with a lot of vegetables and has a creamy sauce". That's told me nothing. We ended up getting an order of jerk wings to split, I got a chicken burrito, my friend got the nachos. 
The chicken was cooked just enough to not be pink. It tasted like old grease and the jerk seasoning that Shoprite uses. My friend threw up about 10 minutes later. I made it through about 1/4 of my burrito. It was okay. I could ha e gotten something better at Chipotle or Q'doba. We finished paid and went home. I made it in the house and got through 5 minutes before I was bent over the toilet. 
I will never return to this place again.Checked out this place for a happy hour on a Friday evening. While the conversations I had were great the food not so much. I had the nachos that had way too much going on on top of them. 
The service was also very poor, I understand it was busy but our waitress had no hustle whatsoever. I'd give it another shot just because I did like the layout of this place and the outdoor seating.I've given Johnny Mananas MORE than enough chances. I really liked the empanadas, and I've eaten there about four times. Each time the service was TERRIBLE! 
I am not demanding, in fact I work at a restaurant and know that sometimes things get a little hectic, but when I'm one of 6 tables in the restaurant I expect to see my server more than two times. 
The food is good, but it's only worth the visit if you're the type of person who is okay with less than mediocre serviceThis place just can't seem to get it right.  
I moved to East Falls 10/13, and I really was excited to try out all of the nearby local businesses. 
Johnny Mañana has an energetic decor and excellent location at a busy intersection.  The patrons are lively locals and usually pretty friendly.  
Of my 5-6 visits, perhaps 2 of them were satisfactory.  The other 3-4 have been disappointing. 
Reasons:
#1. Not greeted/acknowledged by bartender when I sit at the bar.  - I understand your busy.  But to ignore me until you get a "break" is rude and uninviting. Especially when it's a long wait.  I've sat at the bar for 10 mins before she would make eye contact with me.   I've walked out twice and went to Taproom across the street.  (Sorry for the plug for Taproom, but it's the truth.)
#2.  Long wait at bar before I get service.  (Obviously it took awhile to get greeted, it's going to be a long wait for a glass of water also)
#3. Unprofessional behavior by staff.   I'm waiting for service, and the staff is chatting it up at the drink-stand.  Extremely annoying. 
#4.  Unfortunately, some of the food was bland to me.  Needed some salt I think. I don't know, but I wasn't impressed. 
#5.  I have low tolerance for "hot" seasoning, and what they considered "mild" was too hot for me.  I honestly try to avoid "hot" dishes entirely.  I asked the bartender to recommend a dish.  After my first bite and almost vomiting, she remembered it did have jalapeño's in it.  
Perhaps people who don't like spicy food should avoid this place?  Maybe... Or they could be considerate of those patrons who appreciate the cuisine with out the heat. (Clearly marked menu items).  
#6 - Almost forgot my latest annoyance (this is related to #3):  There are two TV's side-by-side at the bar.  Both were showing the same sports program.  I asked the Bartender to change one TV to news. Her reply: " I can only show sports, one time I changed from sports and a patron got so upset, he almost got into a fight with another patron.  So now we just show sports."    That's the most ridiculous logic I've ever heard.   I wanted to threaten her just so she would feel the same way about news channels... But instead it was then I decided I needed to write my own review. (And go across the street).  (Side note, I drove by the other day and saw they had a non-sports channel showing. That just infuriated me further.)
I see that JM has someone who monitors these reviews and comments often. That's an impressive attempt to appease customers.  However, IMHO;  I think JM needs a serious staff over-haul.  Until then, I recommend people try Tap-room across the street for an awesome meal in a great environment. 
Thanks for reading my longest-ever review.I absolutely love this place. This is my first time coming here and I couldn't have had a better experience! The staff was so nice and we coming from the moment I walked in the door to the second I left. The bartenders were friendly and were able to hold a conversation. This place has a genuine Mexican vibe to it. I had the happy hour nachos, they were only $5 and it came with a lot! I left full and happy. I ordered the Catalina and it was delicious. Seriously, if you haven't tried this place then you should really get to it. I will definitely be coming back for more.The food here was good.  We will definitely be back.  I got a Chimichanga and the portion was HUGE.  The chips and salsa were nice and fresh.  Not out of a bag.  Only negative part was parking but that is nothing that is the establishments fault.  It is a restaurant in a city.  Comes with the territory.I wish they had dancing because they play good Latin music and I feel like grooving to the tunes! The food is above average in taste, not so much in presentation. Ambience outside is enticing, with the chilly hang in and the lights shimmering. Inside too it's alright except for the missing dancing.
Love the chimichanga, guacamole and tres leches.Passable Tex-mex food in East Falls.  What really struck me was that prices are staggeringly expensive on the menu for what you get.  Admittedly, my cheese quesadilla was loaded with cheese and veg, but overall still pretty meh for $11.
Perks include the free chips and salsa for the table and the friendly service from our waitress, but Johnny Manana's probably won't be my go-to place if I want to hang out with friends in the area.It's funny that so many other people have talked about giving them multiple chances because that's what I did tonight and oh, how I do regret it.
I ate there about 2 years ago and the service was slow and the food mediocre at best. Twice we had to go to the bar to get our beers because our waitress was nowhere to be found.
Not much has changed in 2 years. We had a lovely waitress, who, if not extremely attentive, could at least be gotten attention eaily, so that was no problem, but when my nachos (w/ ground beef...my mistake) came out it looked and tasted sooo unappetizing i could only eat a few bites and then asked them to be wrapped up so that I could give them to a homeless person. There was about 2-3 lbs of ground beef ontop of the chips...i had never seen nachos like this before but i didn't like it one bit. The beef wasn't seasoned properly, it just had a really "off" taste that I couldn't continue. It was just so unappetizing.
The highlight of the evening, however, was the brownie sundae, which I would highly recommend. The chips are pretty good as well. It was just everything in between that scared me a little bit. My advice to people is, if you're thinking about giving Johnny Mananas a 2nd, 3rd, or 4th chance, dont. You're really not missing anything.This place gets a bad rap.   I admit that I haven't been a big fan in the past but it's turned around for the better.  The past couple of times I have been here has been good - usually just for drinks, though.  
The food is fresh - had some tacos with some really fresh flour tortillas and I got 4 for like, $10.  Super deal.  The service and cleanliness were on par.  They have some great drink specials during games, quizzo and entertainment.   I have no fault with them.  Their fish tacos are pretty good, too.Listen, I love Mexican food. LOVE IT, like, a lot. I'll drive miles and move mountains for even mediocre tex-mex. that being said, I've lived half a mile from this place for 5 years and have only eaten there twice. Both times my food was wildly overpriced and bland. Two stars because The margaritas were good. Not good enough to make up for the food.Actually I would probably give this place a 3.5 stars, but more because of the service than the food.
Came here yesterday with a group of friends and was pleasantly surprised, especially after reading some of the bad reviews online.  The service was actually pretty good.  The hostess and our waitress were all very nice and attentive.  Despite others' complaints on Yelp, our food came out after a normal wait time.  We even had a friend who joined us later, and her food came out pretty quickly after ours.
Free chips and salsa are always a plus.  I ordered the fish tacos, which I would give 2.5-3 stars.  They were okay; nothing exciting.  At $4 a taco, they're rather expensive.  Hubby got a chicken burrito, which he was disappointed in.  He said he liked Chipotle better.My second visit here was unfortunate. As soon as I walked in I noticed smoke in the place. The cook had the grill heat on way to high and it was smoking up the whole place. That should have been a warning. 
I ordered a skirt steak and cheese appetizer. The meat was burned and the cheese was curdled as if they put too much lemon or lime in it. 
The chicken tacos came out all mushy and looked terrible. 
The carnitas tacos tasted really bad and had a fishy flavor. I couldn't even eat it. 
The service was terrible. It was a bad experience from beginning to end. The manager apologized and didn't charge for the app or chicken tacos. 
It's a shame that this visit was the opposite of my first. I was impressed the first time.Stopped in last night (a Tuesday around 8pm)... the place was only about 30% full, so fairly quiet, but the service was unbelievably slow!!  Every part of the dining process here was just long and painful.  The waitress only brought one water over initially, even though there were two of us dining; it took forever for my friend to receive the margarita he initially ordered; chips and salsa finally came around the 20 minute mark.  At one point, my friend and I debated walking out on the food we had ordered & going somewhere else because everything was taking so long & was overall mediocre.
I found the menu to be rather inauthentic and Americanized overall.  Ordered the carnitas tacos, which were flavorful and enjoyable enough when they finally emerged from the kitchen.  They serve you four for $9, which is actually a pretty good deal.  
That said - I live nearby, and although the food was okay here, I likely won't be back any time soon because the service was so painfully slow!!  Philly is such a foodie town & there are like a million other places I'd rather dine out at before I would return here.I'm a tiny bit saddened with the intensely negative reviews about this place.  I love Mexican food.  I eat it often.  And while I won't say that this place has the best Mexican food in the city (no where is really all that good here), it's definitely a fun place to go.  The margaritas are awesome.  Not sure what that other guy was saying about the drinks being weak.  I'm kinda a lightweight, but I can typically handle one drink.  The drinks here are HUGE and I am tipsy after one of them.  Just saying.  
The salsa is great, the chips are fresh and homemade, and the food is yummy.  They also have a live guitar player mexican-singer-guy on Friday nights.  Weird, but adorable at the same time.  
Oh...  and it's in EAST FALLS (worthy of an extra star right there)!  Yay for somewhere to go within walking distance of my home!I've been here more than I'd like to admit... And with that I can safely say that the food is terrible! I cannot believe how many people eat here when there are much better restaurants just across either street. The service is always good, everyone is very pleasant but the chef needs I get it together! 
Things I like:
Chips
Guacamole
(Free) Margaritas (due to no liquor license)
Things they can work on:
Prices are obscene!!! 
Better food...namely the refried beans...do they come out of a can? Ick.First things first - Johnny Manana's is not a real Mexican restaurant, it's just colorful. The service is always bad and the drinks never come with enough ice. That being said, I go here more than I should considering, its a neighborhood trap. I have tried about 7 different entrees trying to find something better than the two dishes I will settle on. The Cheese Enchiladas are good, nothing special, but I like them and they are cheesy and cheap. My other standard is the chicken fajitas, you can't mess up fajitas. Or can you? Sometimes they are more flavorful... One item that is surprisingly good is the cheese fries. Not sure if this is really on the menu, but sometimes, I order cheese fries, covered in spices and smothered in cheese served up with sour cream and guacamole. Pretty good snack. I do think Johnny Manana's is a fun place to sit around, it must be the decor, because it is definitely not the food.Terrible! The bartenders, hosts and management are completely rude. Me and my best friend called this establishment prior to our arrival about the time of their happy hour. The representative on the phone told us 4 and when we got there around 4:03, the bartender informed us it started at 4. I informed him that one of his co workers told us otherwise. He asked the host of she answered our call, she replied, " yes but I didn't tell them 4". She was on speaker phone and everyone in the car heard her clearly say 4. He mumbled under his breath and then asked " are you going to order something or what?" Very rude, very unprofessional.... Will not be going backNot sure why star rating so poor. Tasty food. Need black beans though. Fun atmosphere.The food is pretty good here, better than chains like chipoltle or qdoba definitely. The service is so so, I've only been there 3 times but had generally the same experience each time. Gets really loud and hot if crowded. Like so hot you cant finish your beer if its summer. I'd still go on off hours though.If you are from Philadelphia you have probably passed Johnny Manana's and noticed how cool the place looks from the outside. A big red pepper is attached to the building and is practically a landmark in the East Falls area. So I had to finally give it a try. 
I went through the Johnny Manana's experience with my cousin. I had a appointment in the neighborhood and we were both hungry with some time to spare. Although we didn't get anything to drink (meaning alcohol) because I was in a bit of a rush, we ate their rather expensive food. I had the fish taco and it was okay for the price, but I didn't find anything spectacular about the food. I personally think the red pepper attached to the outside of the building is more of the novelty than the food.
To be fair to this review the place seemed to have a nice variety of tequilas present, so maybe next time we'll see if the drinks are worth the hype or if it's just a place that is atheistically unique on Ridge Avenue. 
Shout-out to the waitress for ensuring are food came out quickly so I could make the appointment.... She is the reason I gave this place three stars.
Fin. 
-Madd (@MaddMack)this place blows.
and not in the awesome fellatio by a supermodel kind of way.
why on earth, you might ask, would i ever eat at a place like this?
part chevy's, part chili's, part theme restaurant with perhaps half the flavor?
its because, my friends, I am a "team player".
the guys from the art department started rounding up the lunch troops and said "we're getting mexican" so i tagged along and ended up with the worst steak salad ever. i am the last person to order salad,  but i figured it would be the hardest thing to fuck up, and since i arrived in philly a week ago, i've  been having blow out dinners at parc (not good),  oceanaire, le bar lyonnais, tinto, and ansill and needed something light.
what i got was a plate of greens topped with what can only be described as the saddest piece of cold and overcooked beef i've seen in a long time. it was about the portion of what you would get in a single $1 taco truck taco back in LA. it was almost laughable. and this cost me 14 dollars after tax and tip with no drink.
it should be noted however that i have travelled extensively in mexico, and am one of those hardcore folks that seeks out the most "authentic" places in east los angeles, where there is nary a gringo to be found within a 10 mile radius.After devouring all the complimentary chips and salsa we could, I ordered a taco salad and asked to add spicy chicken. It came out promptly and was delicious! 
Also, I haven't tried one yet - but, people seem to love their margaritas!Was excited to try a new Mexican venue, but unfortunately the service will have me questioning my return. 
At first we were not waited on for a good 10-15 minutes, but had menus from the hostess. Finally when we were served and we ordered our drinks and food at the same time to find our food coming out first and no drinks at all 20 minutes later. 
We let the manager know because she ran our food out to us and she paid for our drinks.
Overall, food was alright, but not great. Drinks were weak and the service was horrible. Fortunately the manager and waitress apologized and that is the only reason we may go back.This is probably my favorite place in town to get Mexican food. I'm always treated awesome when I come here. The manager Mike is an awesome guy. I ran into him randomly  one visit and he invited me to try a promotional drink. A mango berry mojito. Truthfully I'm not a man who enjoys mixed drinks. It's either shots or beer for me. But this here drink is a game changer. Bits of mints, chunks of strawberry and lemon pulp with a lime on ice. This is my absolute favorite place to go for a mixed drink. I recommend you go to try the food but while ur there absolutely indulge in a mango berry mojito. Two thumbs way way up.Unlike the other reviewers, I had a great experience here (probably enhanced by the fact that I was with some of my bestest friends).  This past winter, we ate an early lunch at Johnny Manana's and I enjoyed fish tacos with a striking resemblance to the authentic ones I had in San Diego.  Our server was attentive, the prices are reasonable, and the margaritas were good.Without a doubt, the worst service and the worst restaurant in east falls. The manager is a thief, and the service is horrible because he constantly has to hire new waitresses because the old ones quit. I have seen, with my own eyes, mice running across the floor at night. If i could give it no stars I gladly would, the worst part is the food isnt even that bad if and when it actually comes to you. Oh, and last time I was there, which is the last time for good, they billed me twice on my credit card. SHAME!