Perfect place to go  if you like waiting 20 minutes at the counter and getting dirty looks from the waiters while you're waiting for service. My friend and I made the mistake of coming here after being famished after a long day. Hey Johnny Rockets, I understand that you guys can get busy, but a quick acknowledgment that we existed would have sufficed. After finally waving down a waitress, we finally got a menu with a heavy sigh on the side as if we were troubling the staff. I urged my friend that we should probably leave, but we had already waited long enough, so I reluctantly ordered.
I got the original burger and fries as did my friend as per usual. Don't get me wrong, the burgers and fries are decent but definitely not worth the wait or hassle. Even the chocolate shake that I ordered was pretty good with a good consistency, but the taste of bad service still lingered and eventually overpowered the chocolate flavored concoction. Needless to say, I will definitely not be coming back to this location if it continues to be managed so rudely.This place is really poor on the service. I don't think they know how to handle the rush of people that come in from South St. The tables get cleaned hap-haphazardly and they don't bother wiping down the seats so when we got our spots I had to brush off a few french fries from the previous meal. 2 Stars because they apparently still know how to make a good Malt, even if it was a little expensive.Our server, Julliette, was very very nice to the children and draws a very good ketchup blowfish.We waited at the "wait to be seated" sign for about 10 minutes. We eventually flagged down someone behind the counter and he told us to pick a seat. We sat down, and 15 minutes went by. No waitstaff or even any acknowledgement. We asked the man behind the counter if we should order at the counter. He said no, a waitress was coming! 10 minutes later we just walked out. It was not packed with people. There were 2 Botha and 4 counter stools occupied. Pathetic.No stars this is the nasties place to eat she is texting while making food... I seen another Waiter smell the drinks to see witch was witch.... Eating food off customer plate.. With the manager right there.... I walk out and called corporate but no like....Chain restaurants suck.  But when you have two tired children in tow, burgers, fries, free balloons, crayons, and dancing waitstaff are just the ticket.  It saved our afternoon.  The burgers and shakes are actually pretty good.I mean, what can you say. The place is a kitchy nasty chain. It's so plastic, its like... Las Vegas plastic. The menu is meager, but the shakes aren't bad. I just can't validate going into this place when you're on South Street, with TONS of choices around.Food: 2
Decor: 2.5
Ambiance: 3
Service: 3.5
Value: 2.5
I love the concept of a 50's diner. Far too often the execution falls short of expectations. This is one of those occasions. Nothing is done particularly well here. I'm not sure how they've lasted as long as they have at this location.Simply terrible.  
The server brought the sodas out after our food, then got both orders wrong.  Normally, I wouldn't care, however....
She brings back my burger and tells me there wasn't onion on it in the first place.  I lift the bun up and it's the same burger and the marks from the onions were still on it.  Shoulda seen her face when she was caught in her lie.  Really unapologetic, too.  And it's not like it was even busy.  Probably 3 tables were occupied in the whole place.  TERRIBLE.  DO NOT GIVE THIS PLACE BUSINESS.It's a tourist chain. It's cute 50s diner and if you are looking for that you will love this place. A little over priced but it's a chain. The food is good, burger and milkshake joint. Everything is a side order from your burger so that will add up. What saves this is the staff, everyone is on top of what they do. Super friendly, great service, little added touches, very attentive. Also the place was spotless clean and has free soda refills which is rare.Its ok a bit pricey and service is a bit slow and not much food for your buck 
the shakes are awesomeStumbled in on a late Friday evening while waiting for friends to arrive at a nearby lounge but wow what a mistake. Service was so so slow. The servers were really out of sync and do not believe in team work. I felt one waiter was taking on way more than he should've been handling. The crowd is as expected in this area on a late Friday evening and a mini confrontation took place adding to the unhappy vibe of this place. All I wanted was a chocolate shake and that took almost 30 minutes to come out supposedly because they were out of whipped cream.. however there was no whipped cream on my shake when it finally came out. Onion rings and BLT sandwich were extremely average if even that.. Tables were extremely sticky. Gah! definitely not the Johnny Rockets from back in California where  my SO and I had our first date.It smelled literally like a toilet.
We got shakes to go (they were pretty good) but couldn't stay because of the smell.After having some cheese steaks at Jim's, we walked over for dessert. Sundaes, Milk Shakes and fries hit the spot.Wow - this place has some serious issues.  We went today at my son's request and the best thing I can say is that he really enjoyed his burger.  To start, we ordered onion rings and when they arrived the portion was 7 small rings ($3.99).  When I asked about it, the waitress said they were pre-portioned. There were a larger number of staff milling about the kitchen and one of them jumped in to say that was actually a half order, so she said she'd bring us more.  Where the first batch was tasty and crispy, the second batch was soggy and undercooked - not even edible.  When we complained, the server gave us a blank stare.  Eventually the drinks came, strangely filled not to the top and (and also strangely with very little ice).  Coke was delivered instead of Diet Coke.  
When the meals came and the kids realized that fries didn't come with, we added two orders of fries.  We also asked for some yellow mustard.  The server said fine and returned to say she would comp the fries since we didn't like the onion rings.  Great! 5 minutes later, we went searching on our own for mustard.  After another 5 minutes, the meal concluded, she came by asking if we wanted our check.  Um, what happened to the fries?!?  We told her never mind and just give us the check.  She did - without deducting the onion rings (but at least not adding fries we didn't get), and we  paid in cash.  She returned incorrect change ($5 instead of $8).  When I complained and said it was ridiculous on top of the onion ring thing, she went to get the manager.  
I waited and waited.  When the manager did return, and said she'd take care of it and remove the onion rings, she handed me THE SAME $5 CHANGE!  What?!  At this point, I raised my voice, demanding my proper change.  When she did, she made excuses and then she asked whether there was anything else she could do.  As I stood there fuming, my shoes sticking to the floor, I decided to follow the "if you can't say anything nice, don't say anything* and turned and left.  This is the only time in my life I have not left a tip.
Do yourself a favor, and skip Johnny Rockets at all costs.There wasn't really anything special here, but that is to be expected. I like when they have to dance to a song and the vibe in general but the food comes in very small quantity and leaves me still hungry. The plus side is that they draw smiley faces with ketchup.Horrible!...My 15 year old son and 4 friends visited this location tonight!..they waited 30 minutes before anyone even came over to wait on them!..there waitress...Neck or Beck..ended in eck was rude and snatched there money right out of there hands!..the bill was $33.49 and she snatched $45 from his hand and when he told her she just took to much she yelled at them "I know what I am doing dont tell me how to do my job"!!!...how dare she take advantage of young customers!...I will be following this up with a phone call to the manager!..she should be fired and I want my sons money back!!...I am extremely angry!!I dig the 50's vibe and the food is reasonably priced for what you get, which is diner style burgers and fries. The staff has always been courteous and upbeat and the food tastes fine.The first time my friends and I went here we asked for simple changes to the menu such as no mustard on my sandwich and mayo on the side. However, none of this was done, and my friend's hot dog bun was soggy and mushy.
The second time I went here, I ordered a milkshake, and it was the most watery milkshake I've ever gotten. So, I asked them if they could make a new one with less milk, and they replied "Someone may have left the freezer door open to the ice cream so it got soft over night, I can ask them to make it with less milk, but it might turn out the same since the ice cream is soft" I figured she wanted me to just say "okay" and leave, but I asked if they could just make another one.  I saw the manager go up and look into my NEW milkshake, and approve it to be handed back to me, but when I received it, the cup was only half full.  Yes, I asked for a new, thicker milkshake, but I also wanted a FULL milkshake seeing as I didn't drink any of the first one.
I will NEVERRRRR go back here and I don't recommend anyone going here.  There are other burger and fry places on south street, so if that's the food you're in the mood for, go somewhere else. This place is awful.You got that right Yelp, Methinks NOT. Johnny Rockets is not a good choice for anything but milkshakes. And even that seems too difficult for the staff to handle. The service here is very bad to put it nicely and the food does not impress. For a kid maybe it would be a fun adventure as they really only have fried foods that are over priced and dancing servers. I will NOT be coming back to this place because it is a money trap and not worth the long wait.My wife and I had dinner here while we were in the city on Saturday.  We both enjoyed our food (chili cheese dog, fries, #12 burger, onion rings) but found that it was not a lot of food for the money (almost $25).
It is a little on the small side, too... felt a little bit cramped.  But for a good, fast meal... it's a nice south street option!The help was so helpful and friendly and the milkshakes were great but the place looked and felt dirty. The floor was so slippery all in our party felt like we would slip and fall. The bathrooms needed attention too.I had the worst dining experience of my life at this place. I was seated then had to wait 30 minutes for my food. Then a man from the street tried selling my knock off Beats headphones in front of the waitress who just encouraged him. We were then told they were out of iced tea and silverware. SILVERWARE. The burger was a tiny step up from fast food but way more expensive and when I went to pay I was told they were out of change. They had no coins to give me. Never returning everRegular chain food but do I really want these guys making my burger with their bare hands.  I made them re-do it becasue I don't know what they are touching before they slap thier sweaty  hands on my lettuce and tomatoes.  Good food, expensive, over ten with a shake and fries, and watch the cooks.Burgers! What about it? We have Mcdonalds, Burger King, Wendy's, Bobby's Burger! It was alright in my opinion, nothing special from this place except the theme of the place itself and the waiter was friendly enough. But i prefer go to Bobby's for the perfect burger, just saying.The absolute worst. Staff is not only slow they are also rude. Just terrible - my first experience with JR and will not be coming back.Manager needs a few lessons in customer service; as I brought an issue regarding cleanliness to her attention while she was taking our order; she proceeded to tell me that she had just visited the area of concern not more than 45 min earlier and it was fine. 
Guess what? I don't care if you were looking at the area in the last 5 minutes. I am telling you, as a customer, that there is a major cleanliness issue. Appropriate responses: thank you for bringing this to my attention. I'm sorry you experienced this issue. I will look into it immediately and resolve it. Don't give me flak that you were there nearly an hour ago and it was "fine". 
The food was mediocre, the fries were crispy and hot, the cheese steak was just ok. The service by Kyle the waiter was horrendous.  I asked for a fork and a knife after my food was served to me. He proceeded to walk around the restaurant, bussing tables, talking to other wait staff, with the utensils in hand to give to me. I had to call the manager back over and ask her for a set of utensils, which she delivered at the exact moment Kyle decided to grace us with his presence.... Coincidence? Nah! He saw I had called the mgr over and decided to hustle on over with my fork and knife. 
I left a more than generous tip of $5.00 for the terrible service. If I were on South Street looking for a cheese steak again, I would rather dig one out of a trash can than eat here again.The food is good. 
The service is GOD AWFUL. 
I stopped eating in and typically call my orders in when I'm 30 minutes away...but today I made the grave mistake of ordering once I arrived. I am still waiting, for a turkey burger and fries, it's been 30 minutes. There are a total of 6 customers...and 8+ workers. How did the one of the workers who came in before shift but after me get his food and I am still waiting? I'm confused. 
And my fries are cold. Had to go back. Refunded. 
Awful.While I was in the city for the Philadelphia auto show we decided to grab a bite to eat at Johnny Rockets. I ordered a bacon cheeseburger with their special sauce and a sprite and some fries. The taste was nothing special just like an average burger, except the bacon tasted funny and the sprite was served in a glass that looked unclean and had a crack in it which made me concerned about what I was drinking. 
Afterwards I didn't feel good at all and the next few days I was feeling sick after eating here which makes me regret eating here in the first place. The staff was nice and everything was fine from a service perspective, but the overall quality of the food should really be taken into consideration, as the current set standard for food quality is unacceptable.Been here a couple times and I was hoping things would change for the better... but that was just wishful thinking. First time I went with my boyfriend and apparently we had two servers. Weird huh?! One was a guy and another was a girl. Im assuming they were arguing who gets us..? I mean it was pretty slow, but one server was enough.
Now, the second time I went, which was today, I felt like I was walking into a sweaty gym full of food. The ambiance felt grimy and I was just downright uncomfortable. I ordered a brownie sundae with a scoop of vanilla ice cream. Sounds yummy, right? Nope, jokes on me. The brownie was weird and not hot, and the ice cream was weird and not cold. I really don't know how to explain it. My friend ordered spicy wings and it was actually sour with a bit of spice. I never had sour spicy wings before. Ugh and afterward my stomach was hurting for hours. The server never brought us anything to drink and everyone that works there looked miserable. If you like greasy weird tasting food with horrible service then I highly consider you coming here. Other than that, I'm definitely never going here anymore.I usually have a great experience & enjoy the food at Johnny Rockets in A.C.. However the other day just turned me against a good hot cup of chili for awhile. Just horrible,tasteless & full of grease laying on the top. Whoever makes their Chili should stop! That's the first time I've ever had a complaint about anything from them but I was sorely dissapointedIt's weird, I've never had a bad time at this rockets, but it seems a lot of other people have. I used to go to this location very often when I first moved to the neighborhood and I wanted some company. The staff were always very friendly even though I was often eating by myself (which i find many servers fear. like an actual conversation NOOO). The staff is relatively attentive to you when you are with a group or not. I don't think they're in love with the whole dancing to staying alive thing- but I mean would you be? 
I really enjoy their veggie burger made up as a route 66 and like i said I've been going for years. 
Seeing as rockets is a chain, and that I've been to them all over the place, they are basically all the same- serving decent food in little paper hats. Making ketchup faces at the patrons. It's not a bad place, but it's also not fancy or special, it's johnny rockets, it's basically always the same, so if you don't like the concept you should go somewhere else, ya dig?Wer köstliche amerikanische Fastfood-Burger und Cheese Fries in Pleasantville-Flair genießen möchte, darf am Johnny Rockets auf der South Street nicht vorbeigehen! Ich habe knapp zwei Jahre hier gelebt und so gut wie kein Wochenende ohne einen Zwischenstopp bei JR verstreichen lassen! Die Burger schmecken grandios und auch das Philly Cheese Steak kann sich sehen lassen. Die Cheese Fries mögen europäischen Genießern möglicherweise zu wabbelig, ja, gar matschig, erscheinen. Ich habe sie, trotz meines deutschen Gaumens, geliebt!
Ein besonderes Highlight für Nicht-Phillyaner, zu Beginn ein wenig irritierend, ist der stündliche Tanz, den die Belegschaft den Gästen bietet: Plötzlich lassen die Kellner alles stehen und liegen und formieren sich in geübter Choreographie zu einer Tanzgruppe. Die gewöhnliche Beleuchtung weicht bunten Diskolichtern, Musik aus den 50er Jahren und lauter Gesang durchdringt den Speiseraum. Die Performance reicht zwar nicht fürs Supertalent, ist aber eine sehr lustige und erfrischende Einlage!
Johnny Rockets, du fehlst mir!Service was terrible to go along with the food.  I'm going to have to agree that the shakes were "ok".    When I was here, the place wasn't half full and somehow they misplaced our order?! 
Sorry folks, just didn't do it for me.Milkshakes are good. Onion rings are good. Cheese fries are good. Root beer float was yummy.They satisfy the craving for greasy food. However, they are on South St, so you have to expect that the clientele comes with the territory. Staff is friendly, though sometimes can be as rowdy as the people walking by outside. Good people watching if you sit near the window.
Nice touch that they provide you with nickels for the table jukeboxes.i took my younger brothers here when they were in the mood for some malts and burgers.  we didn't go to nifty fifty's because they were up for trying something new.  it was by far THE worst service i have ever had.  There were bugs on our table and it was sticky.  Our fries looked like plastic and the burgers looked like leather.  You can imagine how they tasted.  The staff is suppose to dance when you play certain songs on the jukebox.  I'm not really into public humiliation myself so I woudn't want to work there but they knew what they were getting into.  We played the jukebox and they refused to dance.  Our waitress seemed to be drenched in oil.  When it came time to pay the bill, I handed her my debit card.  She scrutinized my id and took it to the cc machine.  She came back and said it was denied.  I told her that was impossible because I had much over the amount of the bill in my account.  She rolled her eyes and said, "yeah, whatever."  I was forced to leave my brothers in the booth and walk to an atm.  After paying a two dollar surcharge, I come back to the restaurant with $100 cash and pay the bill.  The waitress glared at me the entire time and for the first time in my life I didn't tip.  Well, I checked my balance about two days later and it turns out she charged my debit card for the cost of the bill plus a $20 tip for herself (our bill couldn't have been more than $40) and took what I had paid her in cash.  I felt robbed by the service, quality of the meal, and literally by the server.  I would never go here ever again.First time and I had the worst night ever. It smelled of dirty mop water. My sister order a burger and it was under cooked. She named the damn thing waiter was a jerk ugh wouldn't EVER!!!! Go backI've been to Johnny Rockets before in Jersey and it was a totally different experience.
This location, however, only gets two stars because the milkshakes are awesome. We came in for a milkshake and decided to sit at the bar. The place was virtually empty and yet it took over ten minutes for someone to notice we weren't being helped.
Also, the boss was walking around berating the employees for not working. So if they're aware of the problems with their service then why is it still so bad? 
Also, it really grossed me out that they were cleaning plates at the counter top right in front of where we were sitting. Yuck.I hit up Johnny Rockets in Los Angeles back in the L.A. Riot glory years... at the time, I thought they were an original. Five years later, I've come to find them on any block, pushing out mom & pops.
The staff is friendly, themed, and the food is good. But I also am firmly convinced that if you want the retro feel of '50s baskets of fries and big sloppy burgers, go to Five Guys and rent American Graffiti afterwards, along with the exercise bike.Like most other people on here, the service wasn't that great here. We waited a good 10-15 minutes before being seated and the poor chap who had to serve us was tired as all heck. He was a nice guy and we could tell he was being completly over-worked, but the restaurant is tiny and the service there still could have been better.
The only thing that gives this place the 3 star rating were the milkshakes we got. I got the Peanut Butter shake and my friend got the Strawberry-Banana Shake. Both were heavenly!You can tell where the weaknesses are, their manager who physically and mentally seems withdrawn and uninterested in moving and helping his staff, and the skinny red head guy who was running the grill. You heard plenty of arguing amongst the staff out because the place was completely unorganized, dirty, and dysfunctional. You want a burger? No problem, but is it worth all the tension? Oh...and someone just walked out because their food sucked...mmmkay:-/Today Johnny rockets in South St., Philadelphia lost a client and this is me! I was seated 24 minutes nobody offer me the menu what I saw people that came after me being Service they Offer the menu and I was there with nothing in my hand and nobody even acknowledge my presence. If this can get to the manager of the change or to the president of that company believe me it's a shame because I always tip generously .I'm going to post this on Facebook also I have more than 1000 followers and they will regret their ignorance.Ruby's is better food-wise, but Johnny's is more fun. (The waitstaff sporadically dances in unision to old-school songs.
To start, get the 1/2 and 1/2 (onions and fries). Then opt for the #12 (cheddar cheese, fresh lettuce, onion slice, pickle, mayonnaise and their red red sauce). The hamburgers taste pretty fresh and come in a little paper holder so it stays kind of neat.
Don't leave without a thick black and white milkshake.Dining out at Johnny rockets will be money well spent. Me and my fiancé  ordered 2 rocket style burgers,their famous onion rings,and a shake. Believe me when I say it, we ate it all,and could not stop to take a breath. So hurry up,and head down to Johnny rockets,I guarantee you'll love it.Awful costumer service. My boyfriend and I just wanted milk shakes to go. We stood a the counter for quite awhile while multiple waiters (and the manager) walked by us ignoring us. We were just about to leave when one miserable waitress decided she would take our order. The place was pretty empty so you really had to be trying to ignore people. After a few minutes one lady came up to the counter and said "excuse me we have been sitting at the table for ten minutes and still done have a server". After ten minutes no one started our milkshakes and we were really about to leave when miserable girl decided she would make them but also make a loud big fuss about it. They then said they just ran out of whipped cream...seriously awful service.I went there because it was a quick place to grab something to eat.  A little over priced for the quality.  You could get better in McDonald's.  the crowd is real sketchy.  There were people there at midnight with their kids.  The waitress got the order wrong and it took a while for the food to come.Food was great and staff was friendly but their process is completely out of whack. Why are waitresses cooking? Having them do that led to delayed service and probably impacted their tip earnings even though it wasn't their fault. Funny thing is they seemed over staffed. Management should study up on how to efficiently run a restaurant.Was on south street and we was hungry. Why not Johnny Rockets. Food was good, music was good and we had a great time! That's all that counted. Service was slow at first though, bit picked up.I've never found South Street to be an appetizing neighborhood. Luckily I had purel in my pocket and the streets were clear, what with the superball game going on. This place looked relatively sanitary, and my burger tasted fine. But Nevermimd all that. What you're paying for is the 1950s customer service. I found the wait staff not necessarily polite, but cloyingly friendly with a sparkle of Jesuit know-how in their eyes. Look, they draw whatever you like with ketchup. This is enough to someday bring me back. Not too soon, but eventually. Burger ho!Yick.
This place makes me feel like I need a shower and a colon cleanse.
I've lived on South Street for 6 years now and I went to JR for a quick, cheap bite last Friday night.  Should have stayed away.
The malts here are tasty and the food is ok too for what it is (artery clogging crap).  And that is the only good thing about this place.
I'm pretty sure my waitress was at least partially a victim of being dropped on her head as a child, or maybe spent too many nights in her youth huffing nitrous.  She was just whacked.  Of course brought the fries as an appetizer even though we ordered two burgers.  Forgot the waters.  Typical terrible server type of bs.
I think the worst part about my experience is that the place is just downright filthy.  The floors haven't seen a good scrubbing in ages.  All the corners and crevices made my skin crawl to the point I couldn't believe I was about to eat something coming out of that kitchen.  
I'll probably never go back here again unless it's to a get milkshake to-go.
Oh, and a question for the owner:
Why the FUCK do you have your employees dropping everything they are doing to dance to a 1970's disco track in your "1950's-style" restaurant?!?!located on south street here in the city of brotherly love, this is a good tourist area. food is actually a great price. i paid $6 for a burger. really, i expected more and was happy with the price! i went to the hard rock cafe in a few streets up, so expensive. but anyway, when this is a small location tbh and it gets crowded fast. the waitresses and cooks work very hard and you can watch them make your food from your table. its an open kitchen area. the burger was amazing! i ate it so fast. there was a table next to me full of college students who all ordered milkshakes and a plate of fries. there had to be like 7 or 8 of them in all, and they treated the waitress like trash even tho they got their shakes very fast, and even worse: THEY DIDNT TIP HER. i overheard her saying she made $3 an hour and tips are very very important. she definitely deserved a tip for her fast and happy service. but overall, i would recommend. this place gets crowded fast.Ok beside not allowing 1/2 stars, my other pet peeve about Yelp is not being able to give zero stars, as I would give this place and that abomination of a "music venue" known as Starlight Ballroom. 
If I"m standing by the sign that says "Please wait to be seated" that's a pretty good indicator that I actually want to be seated. After being ignored for almost 5 minutes while one of the servers flirted with two teenage girls I left fuming and went to Mama's Grill where I got real service. Go sucker some poor tourists in. I deserve service.I don't usually write Yelp reviews, especially not for chain restaurants, but the service at this JR location is exceptional. Our server was very friendly and helpful. The food was to be expected, not earth shattering but definitely yummy.It was ok. The food was crunchy, as if it was cooked badly. The service, the the shakes, and the fries were very good thoughIt satisfies my cravings for a 50's style diner meal: big ol' burger, fries, coke, and a milkshake.  The price is not too bad, about what I expect living in the city, and if I want to I can actually get my whole meal there for under $10.  They have some specials.  The servers are also friendly and not unenthusiastic, and every now and then they do an entertaining enough coordinated dance.
My qualms involve dirty floors under the table, slow service sometimes, and burgers that feel assembled very loosely, which makes them feel unexpectedly shallow.  Also, I enjoy the milkshakes there, but I'm disappointed with how little milkshake I actually get.  As a final gripe, the tables feel a little cluttered, with a jukebox, napkin holder, thing of flowers, dessert book, and when I was there a straw dispenser all at the end of the table.
I do plan on going back for more meals.I went in for breakfast one Sunday morning and even though the place wasn't that busy I had to wait...and wait. There were 2 people who came in after me to get takeout and their orders were put before mine. The food was adequate for what I paid.Just had the worse burger and fries I've had from anywhere in many, many years!
The service was extremely slow as well. With less than 6 tables occupied, and more than 6 employees behind the counter, it still took more than 30 minutes to get a burger, a hot dog and two orders of fries. 
The place itself was also filthy. 
Candidly, I should have known better than to think it was still possible to get anything decent on South Street. The while street has been going downhill for years, and the quality of available food seems to have kept pace with the quality, or lack thereof, of the human beings loitering on the street corners 
There was a time when I would love to show off South Street to out of town visitors. Now, I'd just as soon see the whole street shuttered.  
Horrible experience.Cute chain restaurant serving fries, burgers, chicken,shakes, etc. It is set up like an old school 50's style diner. I am leaving this review and a positive one at that specifically point out that without him noticing that I was looking... I saw the chef change his gloves several times while cooking. This made me so happy to actually see him change his gloves after touching raw meat (to put on the grill as hamburgers), put on new gloves when taking items off the grill (such as when he needed to slice grilled chicken for a salad), etc.  At the time most of the other employees were doing other tasks as were the manager so truth be told no one was really around him or watching him-- and yet he still took the extra time to do the right thing and change gloves. In a world where we apparently need signs to tell people in the bathroom to wash their hands, I was so happy to see safe and clean food handling with my own eyes.Funky atmosphere sure but the tuna melt sucked. Must be some place better to bring kids and get a milkshake.I've been to this location quite a few times. I have to be honest, I really don't enjoy the food too much.. but what keeps me coming back is the servers. I absolutely love the staff and everytime I go, they all seem to be genuinely happy and I always feel like a priority (as a customer should). I'll definitely continue coming.
The only things I can critique is the food, as previously stated. It's a little to greasy for me personally, but hey, maybe it's just me. People need to know going into this establishment that they are going to get greasy food and that's exactly what many people want, so try not to be so hard on the company.Wow, so many disgruntled. I can't say I had the same experience though it wasnt during lunch or dinner rush. Hot Dog with chili and fries hit the spot, though I would say I the dog was super sized and the bun not, this is a chain so corporate make the rules but two smaller dogs and two buns would have been not as messy to eat. I'm not really into gimmicky or over the top service with a smile but it wasn't intrusive though this company does prefer to have their employees high energy happy. I'll stop through again I think when the mood hits.I normally don't write bad reviews.. the staff were very nice... as We were being sat he was going to seat my friend and I at a table with boxes on the seat.. then the waitress or manager said no the table behind us. The table and chairs were filthy and I had to ask for wet wipes to clean the seat and table. I honestly was so grossed out... I think they need to keep a better eye on the cleanliness and the professionalism of the staff. They were nice, again and I know it's a chain.. but it's so gross in there. Please clean more for your customers!Well, if you have to eat and don't have much time and don't want to have something a little more authentic or even more flavorful, then you might as well settle for a Johnny burger, the same burger that you can get anywhere.I was here a week or so ago and I must say this place has good food and shakes but the organization is horrible. My server Alexis was really chippery and fun, like the people there should be, and sad to say she was the only one who brightened the experience. The cooks are pretty slow and they don't seem to pay attention to the orders because they still continue to make the slightest mistakes. There was another server John who was also pleasant. There were about 3 managers on the shift, which I found unnecessary because not one of them seemed to be helping the two servers on the floor at all. Alexis who was our server seemed to have a full section and she was still running back and forth getting ice and things. She's tiny btw.  The food is great, our service was exceptional. She even made us unique smiley faces for my family. My kids loved her and she gave them balloons, which was great until we got in the car. However there is soo much stress put on the servers and cooks while the managers sit around idly doing nothing.Now that I live within walking distance of Johnny Rockets, I've probably been there more times in a two-week span than the average person.  I went in for lunch on a day when the restaurant was fairly quiet due to the snow, so I got amazing counter service from Eric, the manager on duty.  I returned a few days later and also got first-class counter service from Crystal, true to her promise upon my entry, and towards the end of that week, Naomi kept me all smiles the entire time I was at the counter.  My usual order is the Route 66 burger (mushrooms and Swiss) with a side of sweet potato fries, but on my most recent visit, I decided to try the BBQ chicken and bacon sandwich so I think I have a new favorite. As always, the shakes hit the spot no matter the weather, except when it's 6 degrees out.  Great to have such a fun spot to eat in my neighborhood with upbeat music and happy staff!First its a Chain, it's been on South St for such a long time. I went here , been a hot minute, their theme is Vintage diner look, employees have white caps on..juke box music playing. Only thing was, the grease, from the grill cooking burgers overwhelming, coming into the eating area-when I left my clothes smell like I was short order cook. 
Back to burgers & FOOD...IT'S oK..LITTLE GREASY FOR MY PALED, not the best, not the worst. The waiters were OK, just the ventilation in the restaurant sucked, all the smoke from kitchen was just overwhelming-we couldn't believe how bad it was. But nothing grand bout the food, fries are OK-nothing extraordinaire.Smaller patties, greasy..average, step from Wendy's -up(Not saying much) Go back..not likely.I really like diners, but I'm from the South, where they're very much alive and kicking. Johnny Rockets was okay, especially in the décor department, but the food was a big pile of meh. Edible, cheap, but not memorable in the slightest. And it's really hard to order a milkshake when they list the four-digit calorie count right next to the description. I know that's not Johnny Rockets' fault, but stil. Who can justify that kind of caloric exuberance?12:50 and the doors are locked? Oh? So only your friends can come and eat on Friday night. Awesome.Do NOT go there very dirty they have roaches,one almost climbed on my jacket. The guy there didn't really do much about it he only asked if we wanted to move seatsSO my Review has not changed much except for the fact that i wish i could change to 0 stars!! for some reason my gf wanted to go back!! we went back on the 1st nice day of the year the place was not that busy maybe 5 tables waited 10 minutes before anyone noticed us and finally sat us we looked at the menu waiter came over we ordere milkshakes i ordered choc banana and my gf ordered the apple pie one about 10 minutes go by the waiter comes over tells me they have no chocolate they ran out i can get anything else i want changed it to oreo next he goes to take our order we ordered chicken fingers to split again get told they had ran out along with 10other things and they had no ketchup sounds like the manager needs to do a better job at ordering supplies or they just need a new one!!! so i ended up gettin a burger my gf got the tuna melt half hour later the waiter comes back with our shakes finally and says your food should be next! wow what happened you had 5 tables and your that backed up bad staff finally get the food my burger is alright my gf is eating her tuna and she can tell it taste bad sour to be exact i could smell the bad tuna waiter comes over i say something he gets the manager manager comes over we tell him whats wrong and his excuse is ahh you either really love our tuna or you really hate it bad excuse for your lazyness of checking fresh product and admitting your wrong. says he will take it off the check we get our check he took it off and added it again i said something to him and he said o yea and finally fixed it!!! Final Decision i will never go back there again unless its a whole new staff!!! and maybe then maybe will i give it a try!Out of all the restaurants I've been to my whole life up to being 18 years old, this is the one place where they did not bring out one of my orders. I ordered a burger I think it was called the "Route 66" and a sundae. My friends ordered their things and one of them ordered dessert along with her burger. The waiter asked if I wanted them to bring my sundae after my burger and I said yes. Waited like 20 minutes for our meal, finally our fries came but it was cold so it was basically sitting there after it was fried. Then waited another 10 minutes for the burgers. The only saving grace was the food because the burger was amazingly tasty. After we were done with our burgers, I went to the restroom and it was pretty clean, better than most places. I came back, then a guy brings us our bill 5 minutes later. What was missing? My sundae and my friend's dessert, I was hurt because it was my first time being at Johnny Rockets and I was looking forward to eating my first sundae, sad I know. At least we were not charged for the sundae and dessert. Still can't believe we left tip.To me, the only reason to visit JR is for a milkshake.  The food is lackluster and the entertainment of the staff gets old quickly.  I agree with Jon L. on this one, make the trip to Nifty Fifties, there you will get a much better burger, and milkshake without the South St. charm.It is the standard place for a Philly-steak or a burger.
Nice atmosphere & helpful staff.
It is also a good value for money.Another in a long list of establishments that enjoy torturing and humiliating their employees.  Although maybe they like it? I guess there is a supply of drama geeks out their who don't mind spontaneously bursting into song.  I'm just not one of them.  This place is pseudo-retro, trying to emulate a golden age of America that I think is largely fictitious.  Also, I made the mistake of checking out the nutritional information on their burgers.  Sweet Jesus!Do not order from here! Took over an hour and a half for two cold burgers, fries forgotten. Next time just order from little petes, it's way faster and food always delicious! Never ordering from here again!Service: zero. I never got a chance to review the food. I walked in at 6:30 on a Monday evening. And there were as many staff as there were customers. Three. I sat at the counter, and waited for my order to be taken. And waited. And waited. After 10 minutes, I left. No one even asked to take my order. I swear I didn't look like a deadbeat.
I walked down the street and had a great meal, with great service, at O'Neal's Pub on Third Street.bleurgh.
i saw corey feldman walking out of there once, though. he's much shorter than i thought he'd be.....in high school, i use to go hangout at johnny rocket's every day after school.
it was definitely cleaner back in those days.
the waiters were friendlier.
the food quality was better.
now johnny rockets is crap and dirty.
and it has always beeen over priced!
but i still enjoy when they dance.I ate here about 8 months ago and swore I would never return! Such horrible service by  someone I would advise to get out of the restaurant industry, the place was dirty, and the manager was mean. BUT I had to go back to the doctors for blood work and was starving after. What a difference some time made! I was greeted and served by Alisa, she has an awesome personality. They danced to Aretha Franklin it was enjoyable. the manager was welcoming and friendly. The place is older but its was much cleaner ! Overall I will definitely be coming back !I liked this place a lot.
Food came fast and it was delicious. Also, the waiter was really happy to have me there.
Recommended!