They served me a frozen pizza and skunked beer.  'Nuff said.I came here for a Sunday lunch. Didn't expect much, since it always seems touristy. If you want reheated frozen food, this is your place. Decor is not good, food is not good. Boo. Bathroom was clean. That's earns it A star.
Poor tourists! If they come to Philly and come here, they are getting a very poor representation of what Philly has to offer in dining. Very poor, indeed! Take a picture of the mural and keep walking. There are many, many better places on South St. and around the corners on 2nd, 3rd, and 4th streets.Tough to find good salads in this part of town, and their chicken apple walnut salad is probably the best of the neighborhoodThe problem with this place is that as prime South Street real estate, the exorbitant cost of rent is inherently passed down to its customers through its overpriced food and drinks.  And I do mean overpriced.
The food here is nothing special.  Nothing you will eat here will make you think, "Oh my God.  That was the best ________ I've ever had."
You'll pay $6 for a Yuengling here and you'll hate it, but hopefully you'll be happy enough people-watching on the patio to forget about it.WOW! I had dinner with my husband here last night. Bernadette was very nice, and quick to take our orders, refill our drinks, describe certain dishes, etc. I've been in the neighborhood for years, but never thought to give Jon's a try! A VERY pleasant experience! I can't wait to bring the kids back. It has a neutral atmosphere (...a good thing!) that's perfect for couples, family,  co-workers, clients, anybody. It's neighborhoody in a sense that you feel like part of the Jon's family, which I loved. Looking forward to girly drinks & people watching once summer hits!Came here to sit out on the patio.  Unfortunately it looked like it was going to rain so we sat inside. More of a bar than anything.  This place has a great selection of beer.  The burgers taste like something you'd eat at a neighborhood barbecue, nothing special.  
Service was ok.  The crowd pretty much seemed like all tourist types.  Not surprising.  I could name a lot of other places I'd rather spend 11-12 bucks for a burger.
It didn't even rain, go figure.  The only reason I would see for going there is the patio.Service was very, very  good. I had the chipotle black bean burger with avocado and a fried egg with a side salad . It was yummy. Hubby enjoyed his stooge burger with fries. The fries were very crunchy. Everything was good, and I enjoy the patio atmosphere. Get a flight of beer ... Fun.It's a typical bar place. Nothing fancy mostly fried food.  The wait staff is a bit slow. The drinks are weak.  What else can I say?  Went there cause Curly from the 3 stooges lived there that was maybe the best part of the whole place.Great location and loved how it looked. Only problem was a terrible waitresses that didn't speak English and didn't even know how to bring us drinks. Any place that hires waitresses like that will not get a return visit from me.I did not have any food but it has a cool beer list, both bottle and tap. The prices were reasonable. I also liked the ambiance; I got to sit outside and it was lots of fun to see all the interesting characters walking around South Street.Bad, bad service, and if you expect the shrimp and crab dip to taste like shrimp and crab, forget about it.I came here on Memorial Day for drinks and appetizers! I got few drinks and the hummus appetizer and it was all very good, also really reasonable prices. Jon's might have just became my favorite in south street.Came in on a Sunday it was very chill inside . The problem was with the menu. I couldn't decide between wings or fingers. I asked the server  her favorite and she said well we don't have any wings . I said ok well I'll take the buffalo fingers. Once my food came out she gave me ranch I said no I'll take the blue cheese she says oh we're out of blue cheese. I would have never gotten it like what's the point. Then the check comes and gratuity is already added which usually I don't mind but out order was not even over 50$ which is stated in the menu. Thumbs to this dump!Had a Philly Cheese steak mid week, thinking it was going to be yummy. Instead, it was flavorless and dry. And also EXPENSIVE! The quality was not good. The bread was basic white and no seasoning on the meat gave it a bland taste. I am definitely not coming back.the food isn't bad, but the service is terrible. i've been there several times over the years, and the service has always sucked.Walking down south street and overwhelmed with restaurant options. Service sucked, we waited for a long time because he didn't know we were there.
Spinach omelette was meh and my turkey burger (wrapped in lettuce cause no one needs that much white bread in their life let alone a meal) was pretty good. I did enjoy some pork flesh aka bacon aka artery-killer on the burger which gave it some additional flavor. They ran out of sweet potato fries so I had sautéed spinach...not bad but sweet potato fries go better with beer and turkey burger. 
The outdoor seating was comfortable and breezy and the beer cold. So, not too bad.I was at Jon's the day after Thanksgiving with my brother and his girlfriend. After wandering around Society Hill and South Street, we were tired and hungry and wanted to eat somewhere decent. I had seen this place a bunch of times and thought it might be worth checking out, since they claimed that famed Three Stooges member Larry Fine was born where there restaurant now stands. 
We sat outside on the patio and waited. And waited. And waited some more. Granted waiting 20 minutes for a simple hello at a restaurant, is not something I normally do. But we were starving and didn't feel like wandering around much. Nearly some thirty minutes after we sat down, we were finally acknowledged and asked what we would like to drink. The drinks then took nearly 15 more minutes to arrive, before we even got to place an order.
Our food took forever to come out from the kitchen. Our server wasn't all that personable or apologetic for the slowness. She even forgot my soup that I ordered. I can't recall everything we ordered, but my sandwich was nothing special, and not all that hot as I recall. My guess is that it sat under a heat lamp for a few minutes before arriving at the table.
It took over an hour to get seated, be greeted, get a drink, and then get our food. It was much longer than I normally have waited for lackluster service and average tasting food. I wanted to ask for a manager to complain, but didn't feel like waiting another hour to find one. What a shame, they have a great corner location, an interesting history with the Larry Fine angle, but they need better servers and better food quality.I didn't eat here but just stopped in for some drinks.  Nice outdoor area that is perfect for people watching on south street.  the beer list is shockingly good for a place that doesn't have a real reputation in the craft beer community.  
The service was a little subpar.  I think we may have actually had a barback/bus boy as our server which wasn't a big deal given that we just wanted a drink and a place to sit outside for a while.  Since its on South St. it is going to get a mixed crowd but that's part of the appeal.  
I don't think i'd go in the winter and sit inside but when the weather is nice and you want to check out the happenings on south st. its a good place to sit outside and grab a drink.We went there unexpectedly for lunch.  They didn't have much for drink specials and we split a cheese steak and fries.  Everything was as expected but it didn't wow us.  
We were able to seat ourselves.  The bathrooms were clean.  And the waiter was friendly.Waited 45 minutes for the food, nachos were stale, chicken was cold, burger was average at best, didn't see the waiter until halfway through the meal, and then they included an 18% gratuity on our bill. Never againMy husband and I were in from out of town visiting the area recently . We ate here on a Saturday night, normally I look at yelp reviews but I feel I can weed out the nonsense  reviews and judge for myself.
So anyway we had no problems here, I don't understand why everyone is bitching about service as a former server myself {as in another lifetime ago} I was a sever so I am more critical than most and we had no issues at all. Even as we walked in the door, the sign said seat yourself, but someone was right there helping us. I was cold but the patio looked inviting with the heaters set up so I kinda wished we would of sat out there. 
I had a tall specialty drink with absolute  peach in it; was strong and fruity.  My husband really put himself out there and had a couple of bottled coors light. I had the lobster soup and we were supposed to share the Santa Fe Flatbread which my husband thought was going to be the pizza version flatbread. Well it's more like a sandwich, he was disappointed for about 5 seconds until he tried it, liked it and well I never stood a chance of getting any of that. Luckily I had seen someone else's chicken wings and had ordered some of those ahead of time, which were excellent by the way.  I would highly recommend this place except next time I would sit on the patio!Not bad for a Tues night
Prob one of more packed places...
Has Nice outdoor seating
Waiter took our drunk order and forgot water (which i asked for) until I asked again...
Fish tacos: interesting... Different than what I'm used to... Marinated in a dark sauce and shredded
Chicken fajitas wrap: what is indeed a wrap but what was weird is that it had cheese in it. Normally he does don't have cheese. It wasn't bad at all just not what I expected. The fajitas came with either chips french fries or sweet potato fries but the fries were $2 extra.
I was however thrilled when I saw that they had rogue Chocolate Stout on tap...delicious!!!!!
I also had the sangria which was decent.
Overall not a bad place.   Prefer over the "branded" food restaurants out there.Stopped here to grab a bite to eat. It was recommended by a local. The lump crab cake on the salad I ordered was spoiled. Can't understand how the staff preparing the dish didn't notice it. Retched. The steak on the streak sandwich ordered by companion was cold and flavorless. Please tell me that this isn't the norm here.I don't have any complaints about this place. The staff here are very kind and the bartenders are all passionate about what they do. The tap selection is amazing especially if you're a beer nerd.  Basically any bartender that's on duty can make one hell of a mixed drink. The food here is really good to I haven't had anything I didn't like ordering here. Being on south street you might think its a tourist trap. ITS NOT. I definitely recommend this place.Literally worst dining experience.. 9.50 for a normal size drink not to mention our waitress made what shouldve been an hour experience 3 hours (was absolutely miserable) the appetizer was subpar although the french onion was amazing.. absolutely disliked my sandwich and i am not a complainer because i am also a waitress so i know what they deal with but apparently owners policy is they wont remove anything from the check so you better hope your order comes out correct and that you absolutely love it or else youre paying for it. Also the service was terrible, wouldnt ever go back unless it was for a beer at the barFrench fries are awesome (I being a french fry Phanatic lol) and good size serving size....oh the glorious Crispy outside, warm inside. Chips and salsa get the job done, pace out of jar basically though so wasn't impressed with that. Chips were nice and warm which make a difference. 
Really fast service and food was hot when it came out. The seating is plentiful inside and they have a nice outdoor patio seating area as well. 
Gluten free beer! Yessss they have it here, hoolllllaaar!I always expect the worst from this place given the vibe and the location but have been pleasantly surprised more than once with their beer list and the salads. We came here most recently with the niece and nephew who easily found things they liked as well to eat. I was able to find a beer I had been chasing and enjoyed my seasonal salad. Definitely a good choice in the area.Service sucks. Awful place. Don't ever go here. My waitress was rude also.Located in the "hipster" part of town. I stumbled upon Jon's while walking around. I noticed the massive Larry Fine (Three Stooges) mural outside. Naturally, I asked about it. The bartender said the restaurant is on the site his birthplace. I later confirmed this on Wikipedia. 
Jon's has 20+ rotating beers on tap as wells as an extensive wine and cocktail menu. It was freezing outside so the Beer Garden was close but it looks like it would be a fun place to hang out when the weather is nicer.It will do.  
I think you just need to know what this place is.  It is a bar mainly with a fantastic location and view of the South Street action for people watching.  If you want to eat while you are here then you must prepare yourself for painfully SLOW service and mediocre food.  
But we didn't stop in here thinking we were going to be stopped for dress code, have valet parking, and get the surf and turf.  Hello!  We came here because we wanted outdoor seating, to kick back and relax over some drinks and have a leisurely dinner.  Done.  
You better have time on your hands to come here though because I swear that each time we asked our waitress for anything and I do mean anything it would take her about 10 minutes to comply.  10 minutes may be a little on the quick time for her.  
Would I go back?  Probably.  The drinks had alcohol in them, I was feeling nice when we left.  My blackened chicken was a letdown; but that is because I expect all my sinus' to be cleared when I order blackened (guess she thought I was kidding).  My husband's cheesesteak on the other hand was excellent.  
So, yeah, when we find ourselves in the area I would go back if I have time to spare to watch some motorcycle gangs mouth off.  Plus, I want to see some people get towed next time, go PPA :0)Great location in Philly especially if you want to see south street or penn's landing.  The food is by no means mind-blowing and borders on good but it's a good place for families or large groups. Comparable to TGIFs.  With so many options on south street it's hard to make a serious recommendation but you can always go without having to wait or que like some of the better options.This food was pretty good.  I enjoyed it and the service was prompt.  I was pleased with the food and had plenty to eat (and leftovers).  It's a neat place and it's great for people watching.We needed a quick stop for a bite to eat and something cold to drink, and this place hit the spot. 
We had a good Seafood Sampler and flat iron steak salad.
I would have given more stars but the "service" was a little bit too pushy.
The outside seating was good and made the night better.Jon's Bar & Grille is becoming one of my favorite places to frequent. The atmosphere is laid back, there is closed off outside seating (upstairs & down) & the food is really good. The biggest draw for me is the always changing craft beer menu. The best part is the bartenders are very knowledgable in regards to the beer selection.I had a steak salad and fries, my friend had mussels we were both Unsatisfied with out orders... this place isn't good at all and the service was horrible! It wasn't busy at all and all the servers were just too busy to wait on us. We had to flag servers down for napkins, silverware, water, everything. I wouldn't suggest it to anyone.Th3 absolute worst service I've ever had. We put in our name and we're told the wait would be 45 minutes. We stroll along South street only to come back 20 minutes later to have the hostess tell me she couldn't find our name and she must have already called us. Before I asked about my name, I overheard a gentleman enraged because the hostess told himComplete apathy from the hostess and complete ineptness in trying to seat a table are the only parts of this place I've seen and ever care to. Avoid this place at all costs.Underwhelming. 
The rooftop patio drew us into this place, but the food and drinks menus then had us less excited. 
My Jamaican jerk Caesar salad was pretty simple, and the dressing tasted like pancake batter! It must have flour or cornstarch or something in it as a thickener.. It was inedible. 
I really wish we'd gone elsewhere, with so many other places in the area to eat.I stopped by this place with my girlfriend today after dropping off our dog for grooming. I didn't expect much but we started with the French onion soup which was perfect! It was absolutely delicious and I made sure to scrape off all the cheese. 
For the entree we had the flat iron sandwich, which was delightful! Got side salad with ginger dressing and it was amazing. The only con is that they didn't ask us how we wanted our steak and it was on the rarer side. But overall I had an awesome experience and would come back! Price was excellent as well, which is a bonus.My husband and I came to Jon's because we were going to see a movie and needed to get something to eat first. It was blazing hot out, so we wanted to go somewhere with air conditioning where there wouldn't be a wait. Jon's met our needs.
I have to say, I was really surprised by our meal. I got the southwest panini and he got the veggie panini. We each ate half of the other's sandwich, and both panini's were declicious. Like, surprisingly good. The southwest one came with this spicy mayo that I couldn't get enough of. The portion size was PERFECT, which has recently become important to me. We each finished everything on our plates and didn't leave feeling disgustingly stuffed.
On another note, we opted for salads instead of fries or chips, mostly because there were about 15 dressing choices and several piqued my interest. I got the Asian ginger, and it was one of the best dressings I've ever had. He got the pineapple mango, which was decent, but didn't compare to mine.
The one thing that really disappointed me, aside from the unsually loud atmosphere, was the drinks. I got a peach margarita and it tasted just like peach schnapps. It didn't seem fresh or natural at all. I then opted for a raspberry margarita, and it tasted like grape soda. Yuck. Totally not worth the $9.50.
I won't be making a huge effort to return here, but if I find myself in the area needing a place to grab a quick bite, it's definitely a good option!A nice draft beer list, decent service at the bar.  I'd stop in again for a drink.Honestly, people don't go to Jon's for the food. They go to sit on the HUGE outdoor patio and people watch on South Street. The bar prices are a little spendy. O'neals has better deals & New Wave is tucked back hidden from tourists and less expensive. 
I would say the ONLY good eats at Jon's is the Mesquite Burger. Everything else is... well... mediocre at best.
They have a wide selection of beers, but the bar is small and can get crowded quickly. I used to be a "regular" at this place & some times they would dock 10% off the bill for "locals" and some times they wouldn't. I found that annoying. Also, they seem friendly at first, but you quickly get lost in the crowd, unfortunately. 
If you want outdoor seating and a MASSIVELY LOUD environment, Jon's is the place for you. It's usually packed with tourists. I wouldn't sit in the restaurant though. I made this mistake TWICE (even after getting to know the staff) and the service was HORRIBLE! 
Seriously, if you want to get good food go somewhere else. If you just want to drink beer and sit on the patio and get wasted and watch people, then by all means, this is the place for you. Otherwise, save your coin and go somewhere else. Fact.Food is good, but I can't see more about their service. The waitress does not walk around to see what u need and wait for too long to get check and box to go. Ribs are good and the French onions soup tastes wonderful. I like the white slim boy here.I just had a terrible experience. I arrived at 1 pm, sat at the bar in an empty restaurant. Ordered a Greek Salad with chicken. It took 30 minutes to get my food, and when it arrived the chicken was like shoe leather and the hard boiled egg was raw in the center. I sent the food back after a single bite. The bartender apologized but made me pay for my glass of wine. Think I'm going back?Although it is great to sit outside,have a drink and people watch, their food was terrible. The beer selection was pretty good and the service ws great.  Unfortunately, the food was awful.  The crab and shrimp dip had so much oregano, it tasted like a bad frozen pizza.  Their " signature" cheesesteak was bland at best - a disgrace to Philadelphia.  If there ever was a cheesesteak mafia, they would be swimming with the fishes.  Their roast pork sandwich made me want to start the night over and go to Tony Lukes.  The best part of my meal was the chips - maybe I should have went to Wawa.  If you go here stick to a nice cols beer and maybe try their wings - I don't think you can mess up wings . . . Or can you?Stopped in here for dinner with two of my sons tonight after a long day of seeing the sights.  We were drawn by the nice outdoor seating areas on this beautiful day.  Unfortunately, the food didn't live up to the setting.  I had a pretty mediocre "Corned Beef Special" sandwich.  My sons had the penne with vodka sauce.  The kids thought it was OK, but I thought to me the sauce was reminiscent of Chef Boyardee.  On the plus side, the service was good and, like I said, the setting was very nice.  Go, but leave your high expectations at home.Not good. We waited too long and the food was not quite what we ordered. Started with nachos that had cheap liquid cheese on them. Burgers were too rare and came with tasteless salads. Panini didn't have all the ingredients. No one came to check on how food was prepared once we were served. Wouldn't come back. One of the worst burgers I've had and very lackluster service. My dad knew Larry Fine personally and it's kind of a disgrace to use his name on such a mediocre establishment.My friends and I came here for a happy hour which was organized on the rooftop deck. The deck overlooks scenic South street and provided a fantastic atmosphere for having drinks and appetizers. Rene, the manager, and the bartenders were great about providing quick service. 
I plan on returning soon to check out more of their draft selection and to try more items on the menu.Jon's is great for pre-TLA show drinks and food. I typically get one of the salads as they have good dressings and are substantial but not overly filling; perfect before a concert.
Last time I went to Jon's we split wings for the table, which were also good - not overly fried like some bar and grills, though I would say they were lacking sauce. Outside seating is a must, otherwise it feels like any other bar inside, but the patio and beer garden are perfect for Fall weather and enjoying a beer under the stars. Jon's typically has seasonal beers on draught which I like as well, I had the Southern Tier pumpkin ale - awesome. Definitely go if you're on South St looking for a non-cheesesteak meal with outside seating.I was there yesterday and had the 3 Stooges Burger. Menu description was Mozzarella cheese, applewood bacon, caramelized onions. I sat at the bar and service was fine. The fries were very good. Slightly heavy with the seasoned salt, but that is how I like them.  The burger was good, above average. 
The reason for the two stars was a dishonest kitchen.  The onions were not caramelized, they were just sauteed.  Not the slightest bit blonde and nowhere near the golden brown that should be on a burger.  If the kitchen had integrity and said, "Hey, we're out of caramelized onions. Are sauteed OK?", I would have been fine with it.  When you are out of a key ingredient you need to say something. Makes you wonder what else the kitchen is lying about.Been here first thing on a Sunday morning and a couple evenings, after a walk up and down the street but can't say that any of the times wowed me - or made me even say "Hey, let's go to Jon's." It's generally more like "Ah, God, my feet are killing me. Let's grab a drink." A bit kitschy and worn looking, but defintely only a place for those Three Stooge/Larry Fine fans or if you're looking for a place to get off your feet and people watch awhile. Again, nothing bad but well, nothing really great either.Just an average sport-ish bar trying to be more authentic than it actually is. Good selection of craft beers if you care about that, which I don't. The food is pricier than what the quality really warrants and the service isn't stellar enough to make up for any of the restaurant's shortcomings. There's such a plethora of places to go in Philadelphia, why settle?Terrible food. gave them two tries. First time had to send back pasta, how do you screw up pasta? second time had a sandwich, also terrible. Came in just for the bar while strolling down south st. & the bartender was rude & insulted my drink choice, vodka. he called last call for kitchen so I asked to see a menu. Which he never brought. South st. has so many better options. Jons is a tourist trap, locals don't go here & tourists don't return.This place is okay.  I hung out here once in the dead of winter with crazy guys who wanted to sit outside, so I appreciated the outdoor heaters that they have.  The drinks were okay.  We didn't order dinner, just appetizers, and they were good.  Nothing fantastic, but they were good enough.  The servers were friendly and attentive.  It's nothing unique, but this is an okay place to hang out once in a while.I went yesterday and I must say my waiter by the name of Brian was amazing! He had a new server by the name Dominick shadowing him and both were great! Brian's attention to detail was impeccable! Prob the restaurants biggest asset! I want to personally thank him again for all of the cute things he provided for my son.  (Origami pieces he personally made for him to play with since there were no crayons) he even drew my son a car ! Sooo sweet!!!  Thanks Brian for inviting us back for happy hour during the week! 
As far as the menu, I ate the steak salad. I wished the steak was better marinaded and cut smaller. When choosing a salad u really don't want to be at the table cutting large chunks of steak. Margarita was great. And wings were all good.  Please bring back the crab cake salad:(! Prob the best thing on the menu).  I know it's seasonal but I think the restaurant skipped this season :(. I would even recommend the same kind of salad (no crab) insert a fish and keep that spicy avocado dressing !!  we will be back for food and drinks but mainly for BrianPlease don't waste your time and money.  Although it might look fun in the summertime to sit on the outside patio and people watch, your bill will tell you otherwise.  Food is your run-of-the-mill greasey bar fare and it's just lame!I can't give "0" stars.....The longest wait in the table in my life.... we never got a waitress.  We told to like 3 waitress and they turned their face the other side.... no good service.  We had to get our beers from the bar while sitting outside.....Not going back....!!Sometimes you just have to walk into a place and keep your expectations and that precious ego in check. Now I understand when you're paying hard earned money in this economy, you should be expect to be razzle dazzled every time you eat out, but come on. A nice day, sitting outside with some friends, average burgers or quesadillas...a few beers...whatever. It's our Chilis or TGI's on South Street. Go in eat, drink and leave for better pastures...No sense waging war or harping like previous reviews. Did you really plan on staying there for the big night out in Philly? lolOn the outside, this place looked like it would be a great place to stop in for a pint or two. Didn't order any food so I can't speak to the quality of their grub.
But what I can speak to is the service. It was slow. Friendly, but slow. And my first pint was barely cold enough to drink. It wasn't very busy inside as most of the patrons were on the patio, so I'm not sure why the service for just drinks was so slow.
I'd be willing to give it another shot next time I'm in town, but first impression wasn't very good.First off, no one was there to seat us. We were just standing there for  a Good 5 min. Took 30 minutes for 2 burgers, a salad and cheesesteak. Waitress was okay. The good didn't taste good. It was cold and The meat was overcooked. They didn't follow specifications on having meat on the side. Just awful experience, they also charged a giant gratuity.Classic bar food and a whole bunch of craft beer options. Can't go wrong with stopping in for fried bites and a couple of beer. Sitting on the outdoor patio is ideal for nice weather. Worth stopping by if you're looking for something to eat around 3rd & South.The food was alright. Sitting outside was fun though. I ordered a burger and it was alright-not spectacular... It was cheap too! Like $30 for two people cheap- but we weren't drinking.
All in all- not spectacular, but a nice quick meal on south street!I would have never thought, but this would become my favorite bar in the city, but since they've adopted "real beer" a year or two ago, this all has changed.
Their draft list is constantly rotating with GREAT beer (sorry Coors, Bud, Miller fans) and the staff couldn't be any more friendly or knowledgeable about the beer.
I haven't eaten here and it looks like normal bar food, but as the beverages and service, Jon's is top notch with absolutely zero pretentiousness as mostly Philly "Beer bars".
 Definitely a must try.I was here today for some snacks and some beer at 5pm and the waitress kept bothering me 4 times in 1 hr.she constantly asked me anything i want(when my beer was almost full)if the restaurant was full I would understand that she wants to use the table but i was the only one!!!I went on a road trip to Philly with friends, and one of my friends is a huge 3 stooges fan. all 4 of us really enjoyed our food, and the server and manager were very attentive to my dietary needs (gluten free).  I was able to eat the nachos after some alterations to make them gluten free. Everyone in our party enjoyed the food, and we had really great service.Great place to people watch from the out side seating,large selection of beer and not to pricey, the food was pretty good to, maybe a little pricey but it was very good as long as it is good I don't mine the price,plus the building has a bit of history, have visited several times and will go several more!The location and atmosphere of Jon's is fairly nice. People watching and enjoying the great outdoors is a definite plus if you sit outside on the deck or porch. But, I ordered a "chopped salad" and found it to be worse than the food served at my college's dining hall. The dressing was corn syrup and flavoring, chicken tasted freezer-burnt, I could only tell the avocado was avocado based on color and shape, and the lettuce was mushy.I like this place! i'm surprised the overall rating is so low. I usually come here whenever I'm in the area. waiters/waitresses are nice and pretty attentive. I like that you can sit outside and they have fire pits to keep you warm if it's a little chilly out. the food is pretty good as well. give it a try!Do you believe I used to have the hots for Larry Fine when I was a kid?  hahaha and ewwww!  Anyway, I really enjoyed this little place.  We ate outside and I had a delish Tex Mex salad (slabs of fresh avocado, beans, corn, grilled chicken, etc) and my gorgeous date had a burger he raved about.  I love food and think I have good taste and was surprised by all the negative reviews.  Our waitress was very nice too and I didn't find it dirty at all?  To each his own but I'd go again.really? no....you've got to be joking me, right?
how can you screw up a BLT?? i haven't the foggiest, but i know these guys can. bleh.Jon's claim to fame is that it the former home of Stooge Larry Fine. That is the only good thing about this place. 
My wife and I went here last year and were very dissapointed. The food was terrible and the service was equally bad. 
To top it off I was kinda bummed that there is no Stooge memorabilia in the main part of the restaurant. Even some cheesy menu items would have made the experience a bit better. 
I am pretty sure that if Larry, Moe and Curly ran this place you would at least leave with a few nuyks. 
Save your money and admire the mural of Larry from outside.Great place.  Food is very tasty and  they have a very big beer selection.  Love going there and sitting outside right on South St. and "people watching".  Will be back plenty of times.I went here with my boyfriend on slower night. The restaurant has a really comfortable feel to it, I felt right at home immediately. Our server was really nice and inviting and I love her wonderful upselling attempts. The food was much better than I would have expected. He got a burger and I got pasta as well as multiple helpings of their lobster bisque soup. The lobster bisque soup was amazing, it might as well have been a drink it was so good I got refills. The food was priced well for what you got. Overall I had a very good experience here and I will be back again.This is great for beer and location, food and other drinks, not so much.  Look at the pictures for better food selections or go at happy hour.  Cheesesteaks are not filled with meat but have a good flavor. The fries are good. The clams on the table next to us looked good and fresh. The pork tacos were lacking.  I had a pomegranate margarita and no.  Look at the Picts for the correct salad selection some are good others stingy. We ordered honey garlic wings that were just plain buffalo wings. We even asked the server if our order was correct. Our bill was $80 for 2 with 2 beers and a cocktail and we were hungry within 2 hours. Go across the street to The Reef.  They have the best wings (Thai chili).It is what it is, people. Jon's is not THAT bad. You can sit on the outside patio and enjoy a nice day while people watching. OR you can watch the game on one of the many TVs they have inside the restaurant. Yeah, the food is not that great but the beer selection makes up for it.I've been to Jon's a few times now and each time was pretty good. The food is decent but nothing spectacular. Drinks and service have been pretty good when I was there. The outdoor seating is nice but it's always a bit chilly for me to sit outside. One thing I really love is their seafood sampler appetizer. The shrimp and crab dip is SO good. You can actually order the dip on it's own with warm pita bread but the sampler was only 2 bucks more and came with two kinds of shrimp plus the dip. It's probably my favorite thing there after the buffalo chicken wrap.Vast outdoor seating in a prime location, perfect for people watching.
I ordered the mesquite burger and berry bay breeze cocktail. Mesquite burger was pretty darn good, especially with the mesquite mayo. The burger came with fries that were crispy and flavorful; top of the line quality fries.  The berry bay breeze is a very fruity cocktail and sweet so if you like that it will be a great choice; couldn't taste the rum. There's a happy hour special M-F from 5 to 7pm of $2 off all alcoholic beverages.This is a good place to meet up with friends on South Street and catch a quick bite to eat before going out and bar hopping.I was in town visiting with my family for the weekend and we stopped in here early evening on a Friday. We had been walking around all day sight seeing and were exhuasted and just wanted to sit outside somewhere and get a drink and a bite to eat. The outdoor patio is huge so we had no problems getting seated right away. I think the best thing about this place is the location. It's right on South Street and the patio is amazing for people watching! The food was ok - kind of your standard bar fare, nothing really all that special. Next time I'm in town I'd definitely stop in, but probably just for drinks and to enjoy the spectacle that is South St.Very bad service. It took over an hour for our meal to finally arrive. The waitress only stopped at our table every 15 minutes or so. The only decently nice part was the outdoor seating. We won't be coming back.Very surprising and refreshing atmosphere considering the location. Diverse clientele and an awesome draft list. Food is pretty typical bar food stuff but the beer selection and staff personalities make up for it above and beyond.