Hmmmm.... My review isnt fair because I didnt eat there. I made reservations, went, had a table but was completely thrown off by the atmosphere or lack thereof. I have seen so many good things on their IG page, but was sorely disappointed once arriving. You can tell that the restaurant clearly was some sort of Irish pub or something of that nature. The place is a nice size but the decor is TERRIBLE. There is a huge bar in the middle of the room. Cheap tables and chairs line the sides of the walls. The menu was on a piece of white laminated paper, and did not reflect the dishes I saw online at all. They off no options for children. When I inquired of this I was told " people usually come with more than one child, order an adult meal and the children split it. You can order a meal and split it with your daughter, there will be more than enough." Well damn me for only having one child lmao. I was totally uncomfortable, there were only two other guests there aside from my daughter and I. We told the server that we would pass. They may just be getting used to a restaurant environment, I will go back when they have halfway figured it out.First time at Jordan Johnson's, food was flavorful, service, Blah... The menu clearly needs to be updated to remove the items they no longer carry (oxtails , curry goat j something else). There are no drinks or sides listed on the menu. There is a $5 charge for BYOB setup as well as a $5 upcharge if you want vegetable fried rice instead of white rice. The portions were a nice size but the ambiance of the restaurant itself was dark & blah. Enough tv's to be a sports bar. Maybe next time will just do takeout not sure if I want to dine in again. I just don't get all the hype. Must be the food cause it damn sure ain't the service.This was my third time eating here, but first time reviewing. I can truly say I thoroughly enjoy the food here. Out server tonight I believe her name was Leslie was awesome, very attentive, and did a great job considering she had a packed bar. I'll definitely keep coming back as long as the food and service stays greatI've been here several times . The service is great . It has a bar in the middle but they do not service alcohol last time I checked it was BYOB. Food was just okay which was disappointing .Portions were big but seem rushed on to the plate .Where to start . The food here is ridiculously good , I mean this guy Mr Jordan is the best when it come seasoning food . I got one of the best oxtail I ever tasted. I don't even seafood but my is singing praises of the seafood . If you don't believe me come try it yourself.I had high expectations for this place, but I was extremely disappointed. We ordered Thai chicken wings that were fried too hard. My boyfriend had mediocre chicken alfredo. Wish the menu said Cajun alfredo because it was way to spicy and he cant eat spicy food. I ordered the shrimp scampi with broccoli and mashed potatoes. Shrimp was great but the broccoli wasn't fresh (I could tell it was frozen) and the mashed potatoes were from a box. Customer service was ok too. Probably wouldn't return.The mussels are very good and the other foods are good too but they use toooooo much curry. In everything they drown it and the food is very oily. So maybe if I go back I'll tell them to cut down on the curry . The Oxtails is ok too not the best. Overall go for the mussels.I heard so many good things about this place, so decided to go. Well why did I do that? First off, I can honestly say the food was good but too salty.   The music's way too loud, the menu lacks variety, not much to choose from not even a kids menu.  This place's not family friendly. To top it off, the service sucked big time.   It's safe to say I won't be back.The staff was decent. Friendly but they are terrible wait staff. They talk about their customers and will have you waiting FOREVER to get anything. Many people will visit the table but nobody remembers what you just asked them for. You will be waiting forever to have someone refill water. Then the owner and staff will suck up to all the big tables because they think they will get a bigger tip. But trust and believe they won't even come to your table to see if you are enjoying your time. Food was alright but never again. Oo plus I got food poisoning.Food is awesome! Very friendly staff. A little bit of a lengthy wait, but if you're willing to wait it out it is well worth it.Hey Guy I do recommend this spot great portions no bar though but it is BYOB. My only issue is despite the staff being helpful and nice they could us two bus boys and about three more waiters/ waitresses.  My wait time was crazy long and I don't believe in that worth the wait claim if it long it's long!! Try it you will enjoy and the fries are so good make you want to punch you mama!! Right mama?Food is outstanding a bit of a wait which brings me to this complaint. You cannot order over the phone, business doesn't open until 3 and they still have a problem with serving alcohol. As much as I try to support BLACK OWNED ESTABLISHMENTS I just can't. Too many damn rules. Maybe the inventory isn't big but cmon you can order your food over the phone at some of the most expensive restaurants in Philadelphia. Smh just too much. Two stars only because of the food foodCalled and made a reservation over a week ago to take my daughter to dinner we were a party of 5. Our reservation was for 7:00, we were running a little late so I called and was told that it wasn't a problem. We arrived at 7:10 and was instructed to sit at the bar. We sat at the bar til approximately 8:20 and our waitress took our order about 8:30. The atmosphere is very loud because the music is so loud and people are talking over the music.  I inquired about 2 booths that were empty the entire time we were there and was told they had to be reserved ahead of time and they were for VIP. Food was OK and to sum it up I won't be returning.Went here for my aunt's 60th birthday party in their private room and it was very nice. The staff was professional and polite, and the food was delicious! The room fit all 20 of us comfortably and the men especially loved it as there was a huge projector tv showing the football game. Would definitely go back again!Have time and patience when you visit. The food is phenomenal but the service makes sub par look as if it exceeds ecpectations. I've dined in and taken out and each time I have a problem. The staff is friendly but ill managed and it brings down the experience. Eating in youre going to wait. To order your meal you're going to wait and if there are any to-go orders they will all be filled ahead of your order.
Take-out is another issue. You can't call in your order even of you offer to pay over the phone. You must come in and sit at their bar seating area, it's a BYOB. The wait isnt that bad i'd say 20 minutes, but i live 20 minjtes away. So to drive 20 minutes, to wait 20 minutes, to drive 20 minutes home, dinner will be served in an hour. Still beats sitting in though, that calculation varies but has never been less than on average 40.This review hurts to write, because the food is so amazing...BUT the service doesn't meet it halfway. 
I've been here a few times and now choose to get takeout ONLY when the taste chooses to sneak up on me. 
I witnessed the owner telling someone he would make them leave, because the waitress told him they smelled like marijuana. I was in disbelief. They weren't smoking in the establishment nor were they loud or rude. I found offense to what the business owner said to them and I don't even smoke. However, they stepped out nicely after he said to them, "spray yourselves with something." I sat across from them and asked for my check, because I couldn't sit there and witness it any longer.  They could've suffered from a medical condition (the need for marijuana) and if that was the case, does that mean they shouldn't be serviced? I've also smelled cigars that smelled like marijuana, so what if they were wrong does the approach make it right? No customers complained about their scent...
Advice to the Owner and Service Team: Choose your words wisely and put as much love in the service than you do the food.
Disappointed but Satisfied,
FoodJunkie JournalistThe tilapia fried rice was amazing but I have never been disappointed. I love the new location and the atmosphere. Food is a bit pricey but the portion sizes are great and the food tastes even better. It wasn't really busy so my food took all of ten mins and the service was good as wellThe wait is ridiculous and ever time I have been to this restaurant for takeout my wait time has been nothing less than an hour. They use more rice on their plates than anything else which is terrible when your paying 25+ for a platter. I really try to patronize my black businesses but they fall right into the stereotype of black owned businesses. Every time I visit this restaurant they have a new host and she never knows what she is doing. Shaking my head.After reading the reviews, I was excited to visit this restaurant. The food is very average.  Nothing that we had was even close to great. The service was good, but we were two of the four people there (not busy).  Surely not worth the drive from Brewerytown.  I don't recommend this place nor will I return.Consistently great food and service. I love the curry salmon with veggie rice! The owner makes each guest feel at home and the staff goes above and beyond to meet your dining needs. I will definitely return!Where's Mimi and Stef??  Every time I ask they give me a different answer. They were two best working there. I'm never going back again!The food was good but the customer service was the pits. It took an hour for shrimp fried rice and fish fried rice. Then to make matters worse they gave me 7 shrimp and enough rice to feed my family of three. Not equally proportioned at all. Then after sitting at the "bar" finally the hostess/waitress/bar maid/.....etc. (cause one person handled the whole floor of the establishment on a Friday night) asks us would we like a beverage hell no, just give me my food! Then when we went to FINALLY pay they don't take cards, there was no signage that mentioned this info. So if you didn't have cash you were just assed out scrambling trying to find out where to go and get cash, which is horrible if you don't know the neighborhood, because Jordan Johnson's seafood doesn't have an onsite Mac machine. But the food was alright if you don't mind waiting an hour plus!!!!First off let me say this. The food is absolutely amazing. Tonight was my second time coming and the food was even better this time than the last. I love supporting black owned businesses.... but tonight will be my LAST TIME coming back. The service and staff went above and beyond to be rude and unprofessional. I have never been told in any establishment to either be patient or leave. I couldn't believe my ears but I stayed because the food is A+. I shut my mouth and continued on with the evening. I sat at the bar thinking the service would be faster and more efficient; big mistake. In a span of 20 minutes several couples got up and left because of the service. So many things simply went wrong like 20 minutes for a refill of soda or another 15 minutes for napkins. I just wanted to run out the door after my meal. Our waitress brought over a handwritten check that had been in some sort of fight with a drink. That was my last straw. I requested to speak with the owner(which I knew he was there because he had brought out my food). I waited approximately 15 minutes and then I was informed he's not coming out because he was too busy. Needless to say customer service is number one in any business. Any establishment that doesn't take pride in the way they treat people will do one thing. Crash and burn.I've been here multiple times and never had an issue until tonight. They put 3 tables together for 1 party of 8 people and tried to charge us the liquor sitting fee of $10 ($30) and wine sitting fee $5 ($15) PER TABLE just to provide ice. Anywhere you go and they put tables together for ONE party you would have 1 fee yet they are saying something different. I've also been here multiple times with tables put together and always was only charged one sitting fee but tonight the manager is saying something different. To top it off, they then put 20% gratuity on the entire bill after they just tried to split us up to charge for alcohol. When we inquired about it the manager was very rude and irritated with us inquiring. I don't have an issue tipping however you aren't going to call us 3 separate tables to up charge us for a liquor sitting fee then turn around and charge the entire bill 20% as if we are one table. I like their food but sad to say the horrible service has turned me off from ever returning. Disappointed.Be lucky this place was given a 2 star as I attempt to calm down before I write this review.
1. The food is exceptional, cannot take anything away from the taste and this is what gained the restaurant a 2 star.
2. The service is beyond UNPROFESSIONAL AND GHETTO. 
3. My experience in a nutshell- this was not my first visit and I have never had an issue before yesterday 1/9/17. Entered the restaurant and was approached by a young ghetto girl who stated " y'all gone go sit at the bar until we figure out what to do with y'all" it took me a second to process the information. My friend and I headed to the bar and sat, confused and alarmed. After about 30 min of waiting ( no greeting, no water, my flatware) the owner Jordan comes to the bar, bags a to-go order and totally disregarded our serval attempts to gain his attention. After about another 10 minute my friend and I decided to leave. Before we left we explain to the ghetto greeter that we were not pleased with the service thus far. Two employees ( no sure of their roles, I think one of the names was ms. jay or something) began to go back and forth about who should have served us and who should have explained to us that we were seated to wait for a table vs being seated to be served at the bar. Ms jay apologized and asked us to be seated again and they would serve us right away. We decided to give it another shot since the food is exceptional. We sat again for another 10 min and again no one attempted to come over.  at that point we had it with the unprofessional service. We went back to the front to explain that we were leaving and we asked to speak to the manager. we were told the manager isn't there. I asked to speak to the owner ( who I just saw enter the kitchen) the young girl decided to tell me he wasn't there. I asked her to repeat what she just told me, she stated she would check if he was there. She comes back to say " he said he is not coming out while he is working in the kitchen, so he won't be seeing y'all" I'm disgusted with his egotistical attitude and the bad service. Although the food is great, I will not return. How unprofessional of him to say he will not see us. I'm not sure if he knows this but without customers you have no business. TOTALLY IGNORANT OWNER, GHETTO STAFF MEMBERS, LONG WAIT TIME. NEVER AGAIN!!!!!!! I will report my review on every blog and every review site I can find. NEWS FLASH JORDAN JOHNSON YOU ARE NOT THE ONLY RESTAURANT IN PHILLY WITH GOOD FOOD.Great customer service. Been wanting to try this place for a while now. So I stopped in after work one day. I was not disappointed. The fried shrimp was to die for. The wings were so amazing. I will definetly be back for sure.I have just had a very disappointing experience without even tasting the food. I made dinner reservations for a large group for a birthday celebration. I made it 6 days in advance  and then made a follow up call when I didn't receive the promised confirmation.  When the call came, on the day of the reservation, a long and fruitless conversation amounted to asking us to change to a time several hours later than the one I requested a week earlier. Jordan Johnson's Gourmet Seafood should probably invest in some good customer service training for their phone staff.  I'm not inclined to ever visit this restaurant.The food here was bomb. I am a seafood fanatic and I wanted to try somewhere new. I was visiting Philly with my friend and one of my family members recommended that I try this place out. The place itself is nothing spectacular. There's barely any decor, the ambience is slightly a little dark for my taste and the table for 2 that I sat at could have been larger. 
We were seated quickly and there were about 3 other groups in the restaurant on a Saturday afternoon. The menus are bland. They don't show drinks or sides, just the main entrees. Our waitress was okay but when I asked her about what are the most popular dishes on the menu, I thought she was quite dismissive as her response was " I can't tell you that, everything is amazing". Not helpful at all.. 
I proceeded to order the Garlic Parmesan crabs with sides of fried rice (which was an additional $3 as opposed to white rice) and mashed potatoes. My friend purchased the 12 count fried shrimp with fries and we shared the curry crab fries as an appetizer. The appetizer was really good. I'm not a fan of curry but I wouldn't mind another plate of those fries. All though the fries were covered in sauce, they were still crispy which is definitely a plus. The crabs I had were amazing. I wanted to go back the next day. The sauce that they had it in was well seasoned and so creamy/buttery. Plating on all the dishes were beautiful. They did a great job with the aesthetics of the dishes. I don't know much about my friends dish but she really enjoyed it. 
The only negatives I have about the food is that my mashed potatoes came pretty cold. They were still yummy and I ate them with no problem but they definitely were not served hot. Also, with me having crabs and this being a seafood place, I expected that I would have been given tools to eat my crabs and a bib since it was super messy.My wife brought me home oxtails from this place tonight, to my surprise they were the best damn oxtails I have ever tasted,  I say this coming from the family that owned Nappy Knikkys in Germantown, I sampled my wife and daughters dishes, they were all very good. ..great job I will visit personally very soonThe food was absolutely delicious, the service was great, and everyone was friendly. You can tell they are still getting used to the restaurant atmosphere but I believe in a year they will be even better.Omg. All the info you need is the stars and me saying omg. I'ma picky person. I'm honest lol. I have something bad to say about almost everything. But my experience here was perfect. My mom is worst than me and enjoyed it all. Only thing is that it is BYOB and don't have a good selection of soda. But I didn't care cause I don't drink soda. A must go place.Food is the best in town!! There is street parking. It's byob but the catch is if you have a big party ( says 12 ppl and you have 3 tables pushed together? they will charge you per table free your bottle. That's a MESS!!  The customer service has improved and the wait times to me is not as bad. I would suggest reservations. I love the curry shrimp with vegetables fried rice... the mussels to the Thai wings.... everything is so delicious. Plus the quantity is good. This place is not even expensive. It's black owned and I love that!!The food is good but the attitude and unprofessionalism leaves something to be desired!  The young lady named "Jazzy" -- I believe it was -- who claimed to be the manager -- told me my reservation was cancelled and slammed the phone in my ear. 
She told me she was charging me $30 for bottle fees for two tables.  I didn't ask for two tables.  I had a party of 6. She said the only way to accommodate the party of 6 was to put two tables together.  So that's a $15 bottle service charge per table.  It's one party though.  I asked to speak to the owner and she told me that the owner wasn't there at first. Then later in the conversation she got smart and said, oh you won't be speaking to the owner"!
She told me she was cancelling my reservation because I was being difficult.  It sounds to me like she was being difficult and unprofessional to me.  
Apparently she was mad because she didn't like me questioning her. That two table fee for one party didn't make sense. 
I tried to get a message through to the owner though IG and the person who responded to my IG inbox was just as rude and unprofessional.  The person who answered the IG inbox who supposedly was the owner claimed that he was standing there listening to the conversation between myself and his worker the whole time. If that's true, then he should have intervened and tried to better explain and get the situation under control. So that person was just as unprofessional and incompetent as the worker. 
I remember having a minor problem with the staff the 2nd time I was here to eat, but I let it go and was attempting to take my party there for a third time and the same ignorance remains!!!  Never again!!!  I can take my money and my parties to other businesses with much better attitudes!!!!The restaurant has potential, but they need to work on a few things. 
1. Update your menu on the web & in the restaurant. The Bridge Street menu still comes up. Also, some things were available that weren't on the menu. Have a chalkboard that lists "Today's specials..."
2. Please put a light in the vestibule. I'm not familiar with the area and leaving through a dark doorway made me feel unsafe. 
3. We placed three take out orders and waited well over an hour & had to wait at the bar. It wasn't crowded. Why tell your customers to wait there? Have chairs in the take out area. What if some customers have children with them?
4. The pictures on Instagram should have prices or at least say "this is a double order of..." Let people know if it's a real order.
5. The food is good. I do see potential in the place but would like to see more a la carte options. A few things for kids would be nice too.
I would go back if I didn't have to wait so long and if there were a few more options. Overall I'm not sure if it's a sports bar or lounge (a lot of tvs but loud music playing).I suggested to my best friend 2 weeks ago we should go get some seafood. He suggested we try Jordan and Johnson after he heard good reviews. When we walked in it didn't seem really fancy but the food was amazing and the portions are huge if you eat in. The only thing I will
Say kinda bothered me is the waitress kept coming and picking up my napkin. I would go to wipe my mouth or hands and had nothing to wipe with. I had to ask
Her for more napkins lol other than
That I was very pleasedBeen there for twice. Had mussels (fantastic), curry fries (unique and worth the price since they give a lot of shrimps and crab meat), and shrimp curry with veggie fried rice (good as usual, though the fried rice was on the salty side). In terms of food, this place is really doing great job - tasty, big portion and reasonable price. The problem is the SERVICE!! To be clear, I understand that this isn't Ruth Chris  type of fancy restaurant that you expect friendly, welcoming and professional service. But at least, your people need to be efficient and understanding customers' need. We had at least four waiters serve our table during the dinner, yet whenever we need something, we had to repeat couple of times before the thing can be brought to the table (like small plates for appetizers which I would expect come with the food). And when they promise your food will come out in two minutes, it usually means 10 minutes. I really hope the owner can make an effort to improve the management. It's not just the quantity of waiters, its the quality that these waiters could provide.Worst experience ever! We came here for my sisters birthday. I was running late because of work, they wouldn't seat my sister, her bf and my 4 yr old nephew until I came. Which was ridiculous because it wasn't busy. We brought an ice cream cake. We told them please put it in the freezer. When it was time for cake the cake was melted! We even asked the women to check and make sure it was in the freezer and she said she would but she didn't obviously. We had to ask multiple times for water and napkins. The food wasn't bad though. Back to the cake...after she cleared the food. She came back with three plates!!! There is four of us and there's been four the whole time. She then asked us if we needed silverware for the cake...i don't know why we wouldn't. She left and never came back. My sisters bf had to go and get a plate and our silverware. The check finally came after waiting 20 mins for her to pick up the check she never came back. We tried to give someone else the money and the women gave us attitude and told us that wasn't her job. So we gave the amount that was owed and left the money on the front desk. Also on the way home my sisters stomach was killing her we had to cut our night short because she became sick. Don't go here. Especially not for your birthday...Sorry sis.We ordered our food when we got there. We had the curry salmon with vegetable fried rice, salmon fried rice, fried shrimp and fries and the curry fries. Everything was delicious and the service was exceptional. The only reason it didn't get five stars is I couldn't call my order in. Everything else was wonderfulThis place is simply awesome! Each and every dish we had as a group was simply amazing.  We had the Mussels, curry fries (has shrimp and crab in it), the Thai shrimp, fried shrimp, curry Alaskan crab legs, and the Thai chicken to name a few.  I mean, even the mashed potatoes and broccoli were amazing! I found this place because it has the same name as my daughter.  The owner and our server Ms. Jay were amazing and accommodating.  We had a great time and will be returning when I pass through Philly again.  THANK YOU SO MUCH!!!Overall not a bad experience, but improvements must be made in concern of the staff. I would like to suggest customer service and waitstaff etiquette training to your staff. 
We were seated right away... although the location of our seat to the proximity of the kitchen and staff area was extremely close. Please move that table.
The waitress was very friendly and pretty much on point. The young lady who removed items from the table asked one person if they were done and proceeded to clear the entire table. Even those who still had food on their plates... just because forks were down does not mean they were done. And after you pile another plate or discarded napkin on the plate there is nothing much to say or do. She also splashed sauce on one person in her attempt to clear all the plates at once! Please REMOVE ALL THE PLATES AWAY FROM THE TABLE THEN ATTEMPT TO COMBINE THE TRASH! Not to mention this same young lady saw that we needed more napkins, told us she would be right back with some and minutes later when I went to ask for them, was conversing with co-workers and looked at me as if I making an unusual request. 
The food was good although I would suggest some sort of vegetable in the creamy curry dishes... a couple pieces of broccoli or sautéed spinach would add a little more to the dish. I felt like I was eating just sauce and rice.Food was just ok, our waiter was a pain in the ass. Not sure of her name, but she was older. You can tell she was new because she would get upset when you decide to add an app to your order. 
Bring your own liquor or wine. It's a byob. Wish I Americans are already obese and they serve wayyyy too much food. A little overwhelming. My leftovers will most likely see the garage tomorrow.My friends and I went Friday evening and really enjoyed the food. We had mussels, Thai chili wings, crab fried rice.. no complaints about the food. The staff was nice but a bit too much if that makes sense. I kid you not, they must have asked us 50 times if everything was ok and at 5 minute intervals! It started to feel like we were being rushed. I was already annoyed because I forgot that it was BYOB and really would have enjoyed my food with some wine.My husband treated me to a night out, he said I could choose anywhere I wanted. I choose Jordan Johnson Seafood. The prices are perfect for the amount of food they present to you. The presentation of their plating is beautiful. Their hostess was very gracious and made you feel welcomed.  The food was fresh and expertly prepared and presented. My husband always complains when we dine out that something is wrong either with the food or the service, not tonight he thoroughly enjoyed his dining experience at Jordan Johnson. If you want a different experience, I highly recommend Jordan Johnson Seafood!Food was excellent! However, there is no reason the chef should have to come out of the kitchen to take an order because they are understaffed. The 1 waitress that was working for a full dining room, when reservations had been made for many parties, was completely flustered. She did not take our order for over 45 mins after requesting for her to come to the table. She was delivering food to tables with a phone being held between her shoulder and ear taking take-ouy orders. 2 other staff members walking around cluelessly, not knowing what to do with themselves and couldn't even complete the task of bringing silverware. The only thing that saves this place is the food and its presentation are excellent (I had the Salmon Scampi). But definitely not worth the horrible service. Can't even blame the 1 waitress, she had NO support whatsoever.I should start by saying that I am from Maryland and my expectations are extremely high when it comes to seafood. I'm not sure why this place gets such high reviews, the food is not good (like borderline awful) and the service is slow. It's referred to as "Gourmet Seafood" but the food is basic and the menu options are small and over priced. I would consider it more of a carryout with a seafood concept and the option of dinning in...idk
I had the $16 salmon fried rice as an entree (that I did not finish), I suspect that the salmon was frozen (not fresh) and if you're a "fan" of good fish you know frozen fish is dry and tasteless.The "fried" rice was clumpy and a bit soft, not at all tasty. The dish as a whole was flavorless. Seafood has a taste regardless of what you add to it, salt/pepper/ butter and lemon is adequate most times. However when your seafood is NOT FRESH.... no one can save it!
The food took a while to get to the table, it was a wait for water, although there are like 30 waitresses walking around. The place is kind of dark and old, the menus are plastic and dirty. The music is way too loud my friend and I were screaming at each other to have a conversation. 
I think people deserve better quite frankly, I mean when Red Lobster is killing your food, you MUST do better! Seriously Red Lobster, smh. Needless to say...skip this place totally and look for a true seafood restaurant!I live in the area and was excited to see this type of restaurant so close. I was determined to give them a try once I learned about them. The first time I came with a friend in the evening. We were going to dine in but it only appeared there was 1 waitress and we waited over 5 minutes at the bar to be seated while she took other orders so we left to go somewhere else, figuring that the food would take long and service wouldn't have been what we wanted based on what we saw that night. 
I soon went back back alone and for take out. The waitress was very polite and the service was very fast. I ordered the salmon Alfredo. The portion size was good and it was pretty flavorful however the dish was doused in a lot of oil, making it hard to enjoy it and it took away from the "alfredo" flavor. 
I would try them again but a dry dish like the fried rice.The food is good but the attitude and unprofessionalism leaves something to be desired!  The young lady named "Jazzy" -- I believe it was -- who claimed to be the manager -- told me my reservation was cancelled and slammed the phone in my ear. 
She got made because told me she was charging me $30 for bottle service fees for two tables.  I didn't ask for two tables.  I had a party of 6. She said the only way to accommodate the party of 6 was to put two tables together.  So that's a $15 bottle charge per table.  It's one party though.  I asked to speak to the owner and she told me that he wasn't there at first and then later in the convo she told me I wouldn't be speaking to the owner and hung up the phone on me.
She told me she was cancelling my reservation because I was being difficult.  It sounds to me like she was being difficult and unprofessional to me.  I can ask questions if I want.  That two table fee for one party didn't make sense.  Her rude attitude and whomever it was that answered my IG inbox were all unprofessional.  
By the way, she told me the owner wasn't there at first.  Then in the inbox, the person told me the owner was standing there listening to the conversation the whole time. If that's true, then the owner allowed her to be rude instead of intercepting the call to try and gain control and resolve the situation.  
The second time, I ate here, I had a minor problem also, but I let that go and was willing to come back a third time.  Forget it!!!!  I can take my money and my parties to other black-owned businesses with better attitudes.  
Doesn't matter how good the food is if the customer service is no good!!!!Portions were very impressive. Neither of us finished our entree. Appetizer was scrumptious garlicy mussels in a divine sauce.  She opted for chicken alfredo and I opted for fried shrimp. That great sauce was again used for her pasta. We are very pleased with our food. The music is old school R&B which i really enjoy.  Im guessing they dont get have a liquor license as there is a huge bar in the center but the  only bottles i see are byob wine bottles.  Service was good. Reservations suggested but if not you are free to sit at the bar to be served. Next time I come I'll try the salmon fried rice.I had only been here for takeout in the past but tonight my aunt and I were hungry & we 'd decided to sit and eat. We were greeted very nicely and professionally. Our waitress was very sweet and manner able as were all of the staff members. I make note of this because they were all pretty young and such pleasantries aren't always taught to today's youth. So I definitely applaud them! When we got our food, OMG! The spinach was delicious & the mashed potatoes, although a lil too salty for my taste, was still pretty good. MY CRAB LEGS tho......Phenomenal! Idk what the extra flavor was but it took them to a whole other level. I didn't want them to end. They were so flavorful, they even looked pretty. My aunt also ordered the Thai wings to go and they looked delectable. She said they were good too. I've had their seafood fried rice a few times and it was great. Now the ambience is very dark and I've never seen the restaurant with more than two tables of customers. So I did a lil FB survey asking what could possibly be the issue. The two main reasons I get was 1-they don't hv a liquor license & 2-it doesn't look like it's ever open. However it is a BYOB. So, FYI this place is definitely open and functioning & who doesn't like a good BYOB. I can't wait to go back! I wish they had an AYCE crab night, that would set this place allllll the way off!!!!!!I lived in the area the for 5yrs and never tried their food. I have just now decided to try the resturant after reading (and comprehinding)  they sold  seafood. The food is good to say the least. I was really surprised how well the food was seasoned. I was a little aprehensive as to ordering take out as opposed to eatin in, but I went with take out and was not sorry. I had enough left over for lunch the next day. I ordered the salmon, mash potatoes and broccoli. I think the prices are reasonable especially if you eat out alot. Staff were very nice and attentive. Iam giving 4stars for this visit. I am going back later this week to try the fried rice and shrimp or salmon...so far so good.....One thing, I wish they would have served dinner rolls with the meal..I've eaten here several times and the food was great.  But the service and the food today was a  hot mess. This place really needs to invest in staff. You have one person running all over trying to do everything , I would would have felt bad for the girl if I hadn't waited 45mins for my order to still be wrong, I wasn't waiting another 45mins for the right order at that. There was so much curry sauce in these cheap little takeout containers that the one on the bottom broke through, plus there was only four shrimp and all rice. When my food is sloppy and messy as if he cook took zero time to prepare it I can't eat it, so I just had to take the $40 loss and find something else to eat at another business.Omg, I am such a foodie and I am an avid lover of great food. I asked my daughter to take me to a place with good seafood. Honey, I did not know she was bringing me to the most amazing food that I have tasted in a long time. I was just in Boston for a month and their seafood couldn't touch the food here. It was so good that I had to come back the next day to see if it was a one time thing.... Not at all!' Kudos to the chef!! Phenomenal jobAte here on 12/14/16 was served by Ms. Jay and Jazzy , absolutely phenomenal. I tried the shrimp scampi, thai chili shrimp, creamy curry crabfries (lump crab meat and shrimp with a curry cream sauce), curry cream shrimp and curry cream salmon platter. I felt like I was sinning a little because it was soooo good. The entrées went home too full from the appetizers but they were still delectable on the reheat for lunch. The portions are healthy so it's worth the price. The atmosphere is on the grown casual side and they are as now a byob (with a corking fee). Immensely enjoyed my dining experience and will be back. And if you are reading this and haven't been here yet, I advise you to treat yourselfFood is delicious especially the curry salmon and vegetable fried rice. Service fee for BYOB is ridiculous and they didn't have that when they first opened this location. Collard green rolls are the best thing at this place but it is no longer on the menu. The original restaurant was at sumerdale and it did very well. In fact the take-out restaurant had better service. The service at the current location is terrible and food takes 1hr to 2hr on average to cook so don't go on a hungry stomach.Went in with my friend for her sister's birthday. We were removed from "VIP" because our entire party was not there. Our reservation was from 5-8 and my group got there about 630. We were required to sit at the bar. There was about 15 of us. The place is not really pleasant to the eye. Very old decor and odd seating. The bar area didn't actually contain any liquor or beverages. Its BYOB but they have. 5$ wine fee for "ice and glasses" and 15 for liquor. That's not BYOB to me. All of the sodas were flat and the food took about an hour to come out. No exaggeration. That's just the beginning. The food was VERY OILY. Me and my friend both had alfredo, I had salmon and hers was plain. It was so oily that my leftovers were almost inedible due to me reheating it and my pasta literally swimming in oil. I drained it twice. The seasoning tastes like old bay and palmers. That's not gourmet, let's just keep it a buck.  Our waitress was very nice though. Her environment was very overwhelming but she remained calm and her make up was very cute. Shame I can't remember her name, but that's why this place gets 2 stars instead of 1.I am being generous by giving Jordan Johnson's 1 star. I went there for a friends dinner last Saturday it was a group of about 12 of us. Despite the reviews I read on Yelp, I still decided to give Jordan Johnson's a try..very bad decision. The waitress we had was a young lady who either it was her first waitressing job or she just didn't care. She messed up several people's orders including mine. Then when we tried to correct her we were told " oh I didn't get that you ordered that" as if we lied about out orders. Appetizers took easily an hour to come out. Everyone got their appetizer except me I had to remind the waitress about 2 times that I ordered Honey Buffalo wings..I was brought Thai Chili wings. About 10 minutes after that I was finally brought the wings I ordered (not sure why the Honey Buffalo wings were black..)
On to the entrees which also took a long time. I was one of the last people to get my entree and again I had to remind the waitress that I ordered the salmon scampi. She seemed confused and she thought there were only 3 orders of salmon scampi. When I finally get my food..it definitely was not worth the wait. The salmon, mashed potatoes, and spinach were bland. It appeared to have a lot of seasoning on the plate yet it still tasted bland. Oh yea and I ordered broccoli but somehow ended up with spinach! Again we had to tell the waitress that I wanted a side of broccoli not spinach. I tried someone else from the party's broccoli and surprise, surprise it was terrible. About 15 minutes later they finally came with a side of broccoli..smh.
Overall, I would not recommend Jordan Johnson's to a friend, family member, or foe. I've had better seafood dishes at Red Lobster. It is definitely not worth the wait or the price. If you are thinking of eating at this restaurant..DON'T!Saturday night out with girls for a birthday celebration and we decided to go to Jordan Johnson's Gourmet Seafood! We made a reservation for 10 at 9:00 pm and was seated shortly after we arrived on time. Our server Lydia was good. She tackled a party of 10 with no problem! All of our orders were correct, she checked in on us without us having to look for her and she was very pleasant during our entire dinning experience. Towards the end of the night the kitchen manager Alicia came to us to make sure we didn't have any concerns. We told her everything was good! Alicia said "That's good to hear, but how can I make this experience go from good to great?" A couple of ladies had a few request and Alicia was quick to satisfy all requests! So by the end of the night, the food was great, the staff was great and the atmosphere was great! It was an overall GREAT experience ! 
They also play GREAT music and was not bothered by our impromptu at the table group karaoke session!My girlfriends and I went for dinner on Saturday night. I must admit my expectations fell when the hostess informed us that they were short staffed and that things may take a little longer from the kitchen. We decided to stay any way and give it a try. The wait staff and manager were very attentive and accommodating. Additional staffing came in to help out as well. Our food came out quicker than expected. The portions are large. I had the shrimp scampi with vegetable fried rice and sautéed spinach. It was good and the rest of my party liked theirs as well. We had the tilapia fried rice, salmon fried rice, shrimp Alfredo, and shrimp fried rice. At the completion of our meal, the chef/owner came out and spent time asking about our meals. He gave us a little background on the restaurant as well as what was coming soon. We were also given the opportunity to try his shrimp burger which was very tasty. My group really enjoyed the relaxed atmosphere and the music was excellent. We look forward to coming back and sharing this place with more friends and family.I will never come here again ... worse service ever.. waited an hour, didn't get seated after being told I was about to get seated. Literally watched them give other ppl my seat. Saw them mess up someone's reservation and then split the party up and seat ppl anywhere. Told me at 9pm that they were no longer cooking orders for anyone dining in even though they stay opened until 12(how sway)... like more than one person kept telling us different things. Then when they were about to seat us for "good", they said it would be 45minutes before the cook even got to our order. Then we would still have to wait for it to be cooked. Like this place is real unprofessional. Got one fucking bathroom with one toilet. All that space in that building yet they only seat like 40 ppl in the main room smh... I've only eaten there once and decided to bring others back this time but never again! I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone . Idc how good they food is, the service and the way they run their business is embarrassing . I'm ashamed in this black owned business for real . They don't even have a website thoGreat food, prices are right on point
Service is 5 stars. Come hungry and you won't be disappointed 
Look for jazzyThe food was very impressive! The staff was extremely warm and took great care of us! I don't know which was better, the food or the staff! The owner personally stopped by our table which was a plus. Also, It's a byob which made the experience even better! If you're looking for AMAZING seafood dining this is the place to go! I will be back soon...The food here was delicious, my favorite was the mussels, I also had the shrimp curry which was okay, too much favor for me. Service was great, said it will be 40 min wait because of short staff but we were ok with it and we only ended waiting for 20.My heart is forever broken because despite the weird customer service and the no ordering over the phone I still recommend this spot to anyone looking for a not good but great meal. Now yawl have committed the ultimate sin in the food industry and that's being shut down for cleanliness. Food stored poorly, mice faeces, roaches and other issues. I don't care if yawl get it together I'm done heart is forever broken...We just enjoyed a wonderful meal with the best server in Philly ! MiMi was the best!! Thank you for taking care of us! I'm here from Charlotte and when I return to town I will return to Jordon Johnson! The food was beyond excellent!Had a great time here! It's a little dark and definitely has a masculine vibe but the waiter was nice, the food was delicious and came out in a timely manner and it's $5 for byob which was great! Definitely wanting to  come back here again!First timer here and I'm super impressed. Food was simply delicious! I got Shrimp Scampi and my fiancé got Salmon Alfredo. Mine came with two sides, I got corn on the cob, mash potatoes and Asian vegetable fried rice on the side. The rice was amazinggg! It was my absolute favorite. Everything was super flavorful, cooked to perfection and hot. Portion sizes and presentation was impressive. 
Our server, Mimi was super helpful and she was awesome! Staff was great. Everyone was attentive, quick and sooo nice. The place is a little dark for me but the lit tea lights make up for it. The menu could be a little more descriptive, sides & drinks of any kind aren't listed so just ask your server about it. Nonetheless, I'm excited to stop back again soon and try something different on their menuGreat addition to the NE.  I had the Thai Chili shrimp appetizer, it was amazing.  I also had the Alaskan crab legs- hands down best in the area.  They were in a seasoned buttery sauce that was extremely flavorful.  I will definitely be back here again.  The only bad thing I can say was the server was extremely inexperienced and should not have been assigned to work a party to 25.  Not her fault- management.I went here for date night with my husband and the food was great. My husband and I loved every item. We ordered the garlic Parmesan mussels as appetizers, curry crab legs ,spinach and garlic butter broccoli. Everything tasted AMAZING! The only con is all of the food was salted a little heavy which became hard to tolerate after a while. But overall I will be coming backTwanna was great, took my order soon as we came in for take out. We ordered curry shrimp, sweet chili wings, & tai shrimp, & it was all delicious.  I will be back, u have a regular. Finally, a place that ok knows how to make curry shrimp!!!Went last night for my birthday. The staff was nice, but man the wait for food! It was a long wait (35-40 mins) for appetizer and our meal was right behind it 5 minutes later. 
However do yourself a favor: get the Garlic Parmesan Mussels. 
That dish alone is worth ordering from this place!  SO good! 
I strongly recommend ASKING what is in the dishes on the menu. I ordered the Salmon Fried Rice, but unfortunately I couldn't eat much of it. As soon as I ate some crushed red pepper that I wasn't informed was in this dish, it ended my meal for me. I took it home to someone who can eat spice like that because it was good. The staff was kind enough to offer to remake it for me but I couldn't eat anymore.The food is really great. Gourmet quality. Plenty of TVs to watch for the game. It's a BYOB.I am sorry, based on other reviews I must have gone into another restaurant.This is not really a restaurant. I was soo disappointed. It is a bar that serves food without a bar! Huge rectangular bar taking up most of the spot lined w empty seats. They have no liquor license! It's BYOB and they charge you $10! Never heard of that. To open wine, ok to charge a fee...but for me to drink my own beer, I don't think so. Very strange  place. At least 10 huge TV's 4 per wall and above the "bar" and the music was very,very loud. Like a club. Maybe they want to be a sports bring your own beer bar? Food was ok. Got 2 appetizers, honey shrimp and mussels. Mussels were good but could have been hotter.The shrimp was fine but served with a blue cheese sauce? Ranch? I wasn't sure but it didn't go w honey flavor of the shrimp. Appetizers were fine,atmosphere weird not what I expected. No atmosphere. Pricey too. Couldn't wait to leave. Did not order dinner. Will never go back.My first time having this food make you wanna smack your mama, Danm that shxt was good. They make you wait a while but it's worth the wait yumI have to say this is one of the best seafood spots I have eaten at in Philadelphia. The service was amazing, the waitresses, were so attentive and nice. The food was so freaking good, it was unbelievable. I will definitely be coming back with more friends. The restaurant has a great ambiance, and I love the layout. I would definitely recommend this place if you are looking for great service, food, and atmosphere.On Saturday February 18, 2017 my friends and I were looking forward to dining at Jordan Johnson's restaurant.  The first red flag was that I could not get an answer on the phone despite calling multiple times between 3pm and 6pm.  Upon arrival, we were told, by an obviously overwhelmed hostess/server to "stand by the bar."  We stood by the bar as instructed and proceeded to wait, and wait, and wait while the poor server ran around like a chicken without a head.  It appears they were understaffed that night.  While waiting, I attempted to have a conversation with my friends but the music was VERY loud, even standing next to each other we had to raise our voices to be heard.  I asked the overworked server if she would please lower the volume of the music.  She said that she had turned it down earlier but the owner came and turned it back up and instructed her not to touch it again.  We continued to wait by the large bar which takes up considerable space even though they don't serve alcohol. I spoke to a different employee regarding the volume of the music, he stated he would look into for me.  Couple of minutes later the initial young lady approached us and stated that the owner said if the music is too loud for us and we want to have conversations then perhaps we that was not the place for us.  I asked to speak with him and she said, "he's not coming out."  I was stunned that the owner of a business would treat patrons of his establishment in such a manner.  I asked her if she were sure this was the owner who sent this message to us and she replied , yes.  Needless to say at that point we decided to leave.  We could not trust that given the attitude of the owner that our food would not be tampered with in some way.  The owner may be an exceptional chef, but he is a piss poor, ghetto businessman.  I am very disappointed because I was greatly anticipating a very different dining experience as were my friends who were visiting from out of town, one of whom is a chef himself.Amazing. Customer service is awesome and i had the shrimp Alfredo. It was so delicious and such a great quantity.The service was excellent: the chef, server and manager visited our table! We were seated immediately. The atmosphere was intimate but relaxed. Our service was fast, we ordered shrimp fried rice & sweet Thai chili wings. The portion of fried rice was enough to share and tasted amazing! It was full of flavor and hot. The wings were delicious and cooked to perfection. I am a frequent here and will continue to support!The food was great but the customer service wasn't so good, waited a half hour just too order our drinks, we didn't get any napkins or forks we ordered a appetizer on the menu and apparently they didn't have it which is ironic because we came when the first opened up. But other then that it's a good place too eatCame all the way from D.C. To try this spot.  Ordered the mussels and shrimp scampi.  If I could rate the mussels I would give it 4 stars.  The shrimp scampi was mediocre.  I decided to give this restaurant two stars bc the customer service was horrible.  Upon entering the restaurant I was not greeted.  I was provided with direction to sit on the "other side" until my table was available. Very confused because I didn't know what the "other side " meant and the restaurant was practically empty.  Our waitress was unfriendly and seemed bothered when asked for a recommendation.  I will not be returning here.  Disappointing because I was under the impression this was a blk owned business.  Was excited about supportingTre food and atmosphere was great and the servers were very attentive! Awesome place! Plus byob plus small fee!