Hadn't been to Joseph's pizza in awhile, and I wasn't disappointed. The steak sandwich and fries were just like I remembered them - cooked to perfection and the pizza was superb! Whenever I come back in town, I'm heading for Joseph's.Three of us walked in to try Joseph's for the first time. Guy at the counter ignores us. Counter girl ignores us. Woman in the dining room walks past us three times while ignoring us. After a few minutes we ask the counter girl if we seat ourselves. She says with an attitude "No. The waitress will seat you." I ask her who the waitress is. She tells us it's the woman who walked back and forth and completely Ignored us. We ask if a manager is working. It's the guy right there who ignored us. We tell him that the waitress could have at least told us "be right with you". He just shrugs like he doesn't much care. We walked right back out. If they don't care, why should we?Since last time I've updated my opinion. The food is good, service is also good.  Joseph's is a good place to bring kids, for dinner. I have nothing to complain about here. I'm giving it 5 stars because I left a 2 star review and the food is better than a 2 and I've eaten here several times this year and I've left satisfied every time.Consistently below average pizza, questiionable prices, very small menu selection, fast delivery. Decent location with off street parking, eat in area has a great ambience to it, I would go there only if your chooses are limited.This place used to be good. USED TO. 
The only reason my family went in there the last few times in the past year was because it's close, you can get pizza AND beer in the same place. 
The only good thing at this place is the Caesar salad, especially if you like anchovies in it (optional). At least it used to be. Now I'm not sure, but I believe they hand out packets of Ken's Steakhouse dressing for salads, but the Caesar might be the exception. 
The pizza sucks. (crappy crust, crappy flavor, crappy cheese) 
The sandwiches suck. (Rolls are too dense and chewy! My jaw was hurting.) 
Everything about most of their food was unappealing... 
The ambiance sucks. (The old wooden carved embellishments and benches are awesome, and even the stained glass pane on the ceiling, but the carpet is disgusting, the servers are like vacant zombies that have been so drained of soul that they wouldn't even try to eat brains if it was served to them, and something about the black & white striped seats with red makes me feel like I'm in a funhouse that isn't even fun. Also if you do decide to eat here, make sure you order EVERYTHING the first time your server shows up at your table, including condiments, napkins, etc, because you will never see her again. Actually, you should also order the check while you're at it too, because I can tell you it's no fun waiting 15 minutes for a check or your receipt when all you want to do is GTFO of there. 
We gave the place at least 3 try agains just to be sure, and the consensus is that we will never go back again. The price was TOTALLY not worth it either...in fact, I felt robbed. They should be paying ME to eat their crappy food. 
If you're looking for good pizza, go to Vincent's (consistently good) or even Old London (some nights are better than others). 
And if you just want beer, there are quite a few bars in walking distance. 
And if you're like me and you want to take your screaming brats out to eat so they will shutup and you can have a beer....well, I would just go to the Austrian Village down the street. They have a good selection, and plenty of room for kids and the service is always satisfactory.Best Mac and cheese I have had in my life. Underrated, but gets the job done. Classic Philadelphia Italian dining.Worse then supermarket pizza!!! Finally back in the old neighborhood after 20 years so had to go back to the place I must have eaten 100 pies in the 70-80's. I was surprised to see the same decor from 1980. So I was gleefully awaiting to sink my teeth into the pizza I remembered but OMG what happened? These owners should be banned from ever making a pizza again! Round cardboard, tasteless sauce and supermarket generic cheese is the only way to describe it! Did the original owners die and take the recipe with them to the grave?
Stay away if you don't want to shatter memories from your youth!Just had overall awful experience. Ordered wings and sausage pizza asked for pizza to be brought to table after we finished wings.  Got pizza right after wings so asked them to keep warm. By time we received it the pizza was dried out and had little sausage.  No taste.  Then to add to our disappointment, waitress brought us wrong change overcharging us.  No one seemed to care about food or serviceEveryone was really looking forward to Joseph's Pizza! We drove out of our way to bring home 2 pizzas...open the box and no cheese on the pizza??? Guest are hungry, it is late, too much of a inconvenience to drive back... we ate the circle of dough. I decided to call and state I was disappointed.  
The girl thought we said "no cheese." They should consider getting a computer system that stores a few previous orders, we are regular eat-in/take-out customers, they could then see our order is always the same (never did we order no cheese in the past). They said we should have called prior because we would have needed to return the 2 pizza's back to them first.  They could have been a little more apologetic. 
And even If that was suppose to be a tomato pie then that had to be the worse.. very little sauce, it felt like eating plain bread.  Correction.. the dog enjoyed it.I eat from here usually only when I'm eating out with my parents or when they order from here. The menu is limited which is an issue for me. I like to have more options personally. The delivery time is acceptable but honestly I prefer to eat in the restaurant. The ambience is really nice. My only complaint is that it's usually really loud and difficult to carry on a conversation with companions. The servers have always been nice and attentive. The pizza is not my favorite. I have one word to describe it... Meh. I usually order their sandwiches. Their usually consistently good. The pizza fries are good too. The wings are usually hit or miss. The cheese fries I'm not crazy about. I don't like the cheese they use. There are better choices to eat at other then here but if you do eat here there are things you can order that will leave you satisfied.A total suck. Went there on a Saturday evening for an engagement party. They set us up in the back room which seems to be their "banquet" area. It was a 97 degree day, and there was NO AC in this room. One oscillating fan to cool 35 people. We requested them twice to help the situation and were ignored. Asking a third time, they finally moved us into the air conditioned part of the restaurant where there was more than enough seating. They didn't assign waitresses exclusively to us, so it was a long wait for food and drinks. Not to mention their itty bitty bar with no tender. Only floating waitresses that, if you're lucky enough to flag one down, will make you a quick drink. I was not impressed with the pizza AT ALL. Cardboard crust and the mozzarella cheese not completely melted. Gross.Ah, Joseph's.  This place was a big hangout for people from my high school, so I spent many an hour hanging out here and enjoying their really good pizza.  It's actually a pretty nice sit-down restaurant and not just a pizza joint, so it's a good place to take family and friends if you want to go out to eat.  Just be prepared to see lots of St. Basil's girls there if it's a weekend or if it's after school or especially if it's after one of their theater productions.  
Everything on the menu was pretty good, if memory serves, but the pizza was the main attraction.  Cheesy, tomato-y, crusty goodness.  My mouth is watering just thinking about this place.  Maybe I'll take a ride up that way this weekend, now that I'm thinking about it.  Joseph's pizza = always yummy.This is some good pizza.. i moved away from this area and i still go there drive the 20 mins for some pizza. I love the wings too .. dry and they give you the sauce on the side so its always crispy. 
This place is packed on a fri or sat night though and they close pretty early for a pizza place .. but i still love it.. cant miss the glowing pizza sign in the front of the bldgGood Pizza - and a great old atmosphere.  Just about the only true pizza place in the area.. high-back booths.. great place to bring kids..  glad they are so close to where I live!My favorite pizza place in Philadelphia. I have been coming here since the 1980s and while I moved an hour away I always stop back for dinner with the family when I'm nearby.
The pizza and cheese fries still taste the same. The crust is thin and crispy on the bottom without being burnt. Cheesesteaks are also really good.
Stop in and enjoy the vintage decor including red booths, fun red lights inscribed with a J by the bar, and the faux stained glass ceilings.Reasonably priced pie in a family friendly sit-down pizza place.
Not the NYC Brooklyn-style I ache for, but a good sized tasty pie.
Friendly service.
Close to the nearby hospital if you need to break out of that place for a bite when visiting.First off, I will say this. I like the pizza here. But years ago, I used to LOVE this pizza. It hasn't been the best the last few times I've been there. Not terrible, but definitely not as good as they once were.
But what has killed this place for me is the horrible wait staff. My wife and I walked into a mostly empty restaurant, yet waited almost 15 minutes for someone to greet us. After finally getting a seat, we had to wait nearly 20 minutes just to get drinks, and were then informed that the woman getting our drinks wasn't our server. We then had to Wait another 15 minutes just to find out who our waitress was. Unfortunately, this is not an isolated incident and we have had similar experiences the last few times we had come here. Whomever is in charge of the wait staff should be immediately fired. 
I had been coming to this place for over 10 years. But after my last 4+ experience there, I don't expect to come back until I hear they've made some major changes to the way they run this place.Well, I would definitely come back here.
If you're going off decor, the place is awful.  The pictures of people no one knows who they are. Tacky wallpaper.  The whole bit. 
The service however was fantastic.  Pam was a great waitress who really made it seem like she cared about our experience. 
We got mozzarella sticks and my boyfriend wanted chicken fingers before the meal. Both were delicious but you cannot really mess that stuff up.  The boyfriend got a cheesesteak with bacon on it and loved it.  He Ate every last bite.  I ordered the chicken farfalle.  They accidentally brought me over a turkey plate.  After telling them that's not what I ordered, Pam came over and apologized.  She said she hit the wrong button and she was very sorry.  The chicken farfalle was extremely heavy.  It as good, kinda bland, but still good.  I probably won't get it again though.  Overall, not a bad place.  We'll be here again.Surprised by all the negative reviews.  Joseph's has been around forever and brings back fond memories of my childhood.  We now go every once in a while and it's still a decent place to eat.  Food is good and service is alright.  We'll be back.I've been here twice and it was pretty bad both times.  
Last time:
I had to wait 5+ minutes in a 1/2 empty restaurant to be sat.
*I was served bottled beer that was frozen solid
*When I brought this to the server's attention she said: yeah that happens sometimes
 *The pizza had this weird mushy,grainy mouth feel.  No idea if it was undercooked or what
Just bad newsJust ordered from this place and had the food delivered. We got buffalo wings, tenders, and a deluxe pizza. Pizza was soggy at the bottom and wasn't as great as everything say it is. 
Delivery was fast, wings/tenders were good, not worth my $30, pizza wasn't great, i dont like it or hat it but I'm not ordering from this place again.I can't understand why this place is averaging such low stars... do you know how classic Joseph's Pizza is?  My mother went on her first date with my father in the 70's.  She has since moved to Florida but I always make sure when she comes up we visit Joseph's.  I think their pizza is overpriced compared to the competition in the area, but it's the pizza we're talking about here people.  You want to complain about the interior decor?  Get delivery!  If you can't appreciate the nostalgia then don't go in.  It's that simple.  Thanks for being open all these years Joseph's, my mom and I appreciate the little piece of local history.  RIP JoeThe best pizza I've ever had. Atmosphere, service, limited menu and decor matter not when the pizza is this drop-dead good. The thin crust margherita is as good as pizza gets. Crunchy, not too cheesy, fresh ingredients, perfect sauces. Don't call for delivery or take it to go; these pizzas are meant to be savored on sight. Only Tacconelli's rivals Joseph's for Philadelphia pizza, but Joseph is king.Ordered 2 grilled chicken caesar salads to go ok at best would be a compliment for these salads very little chicken in the salads.stick with the pizza next time i will go to saladworksI've been going to this place for over 30 years and its starting to disappoint me. The pizzas are tasteless with what must be a commercially made shell, cause its almost carboard. The steaks and other stuff is fine but the pizza is nothing to rave about. Hey Joseph's, quit fooling around with the za and get back to making it right.Joseph's is listed as a pizza shop, but it's much more than that, with a bit more expanded restaurant fare. Prices are competitive, and the food is usually always good. A friendly staff, and dining room ceiling without a wait usually.Quality of food C+
Service D
Decor A  (no wait,, it's not 1970 so make that E)
Overall value for price paid D
For a basic pizza joint, these people stopped giving a shit a long time ago.
It's the typical make money and provide the minimum of everything mentality.
A good example, try to fit four heavy hitters in a tiny booth... can you not see that I'm a big boy?
Save your money and order take out.....better yet, learn how to cook...Been around for ions, and the decor has not changed.  Think dark-wood shriners lodge mixed with tall pews as booths.  Went there with my grandparents  30 years ago and it was exactly the same.  Exact for the reputation.
The soup of the day was broccoli cheese.  It was tan, thick and had no sign of broccoli.  
They have a cheesesteak and a "Philly" cheesesteak on the menu.  I asked what the difference was.  The waitress said the Philly one had whiz and fried onions.  I barely saw any cheese whiz and the ubiquitous grilled onions were translucent without any color.
William Penn should come over and smack them upside the head with it.I'm giving Joseph's 3 stars for this reason: it's the kind of place you want to sit with your loved ones for hours and you're welcome too.
My parents took my 4 siblings and I here to celebrate being together for the holidays and Joseph's made us feel so incredibly at home. The decor is very out there and a little silly-- there's a singing santa and bright red leather seating, and even a fireplace.
The food isn't the best in the world (honestly the pizza was mediocre at best), besides the cheesesteak hoagie, I wasn't super impressed. But the warm atmosphere and smiling staff made it a place I'll definitely revisit whenever I'm home.I used to come here alot in highschool... mostly because my friends wanted to go here,  but the food is overpriced and not that great. If you want good Pizza go down the street to Vincent's.  The ambiance is nice but as a huge Pizza lover, I was always dissapointed. It's not horrible, but not great esp for the price.Very nice ambiance. Had lunch. Plenty of seating. Large or small parties. Reasonable prices. Wait staff very attentive but not annoying. Not too loud. Food was very good. Clean bathrooms. We hope to try dinner here in the near future.Time for an overhaul. I went there last week with another couple and we were seated in a timely manner. After we were seated we waited 10-15 minutes for a waitress to greet us and offer the drinks.  The food was passable where in a bind I'd go back again, but if I'm planning to go out to dinner I wouldn't even think of it. Prices are reasonable. I left there embarrassed because I suggested we go there. I'm reading reviews where people say Joseph's has the best pizza or best cheese steaks. If you really feel this way please live a little and try other places. Their pizza is nothing special at all and their cheese steaks are a typical steak sandwich you get at over 500 places in Philadelphia.The food is just eh..service is great because of the waitresses. I like the ceiling, pretty colorful glass. I love the tiffany style lights! I like the thick crust pizza with mushrooms and the French fries are cooked well. Went as a teen and now go regularly, for the drinks and the friends made there. But some of the people behind the scene's are sneaky and nasty. I go to see friends but leave early to go elsewhere for better food and drinks. Basically, the waitresses and décor are the best thing about the place.I wasn't expecting much, but this place failed to deliver in every area.  In regards to Fox Chase Pizza there are better places.Wow, I am shocked this place has such bad reviews!! I ate here over the weekend and my experience was pretty good.  I had a thin crust pizza and a caesar salad, both were pretty tasty.  There was really nothing special about the salad, but the thin crust pizza was really good! Our waitress was really nice and I liked the decor, I would go back.Not my favorite pizza shop in the area, but is a great place with plenty of seating and a great history in the community. Food is good quality. They also have a tap and mixed drinks available.I've heard so much good about this place that I will go back, but my experience was less than stellar.
How was the food you ask? Well, I couldn't tell you. I was sat at a table and never greeted!  I'm talking 10minutes of solitude people. In certain situations I'll grant some leeway in a server not greeting a table within the first 2 minutes...stuck with obnoxious guest, cut off a finger, just won the lottery. But beyond that there is no reason not to even stop by and acknowledge your new guests presence.  Now, if you are reading this and wait tables, but think that is ridiculous than you are a bad waiter and I could teach you much grasshopper. 
Anyway, the time alone allowed me to do some soul searching and realize I was in the mood for something more than what was offered on their limited menu. I walked in hoping for more Italian variety and found a straight forward pizza joint, so instead of searching out a server, I just got up and went to Roman Delight. 
So why 2 stars, well the place was clean and cozy and the food did smell good...I will give this place another chance, but not anytime soon.Grew up on Joseph's Pizza and still try to go there when in town.  The decor is vintage and I love it.  The pizza is great and so are the cheese steaks.Great pizza! Usually order out, but the few times I've been in its a nice place to eat and very family friendly. My favorite pizza in the hot buffalo chicken one!Great family pizza place. Benn here since I was 10. A long time ago. Thick cheesy pizza.I would of liked to try something! But was told at 8:50 they would not take me order because they close at 9! Bad for biz if u ask me.... I'm in the business and my manager would never turn away a CUSTOMER before closing!I have been going here for 30+ years and just walked out after waiting for a waitress for over 15 minutes. The staff is not really paying attention. The place has changed a lot apparently. I do not plan on returning.Pizzas always HOT out of the oven and delish 
Will keep going back Neighborhood  landmark #josephsfoxchaseVisiting family and wanted some good old Joseph's pizza. I knew Joe and Claire Dellilullo back in the day. Sad to say it was the worst pizza I have ever eaten. Actually ate a half of a pice and threw out the entire pie.i have been coming here for years but after a while the place and environment changed. the prices are decent, but getting higher while the portions are getting smaller. it's an okay place, but after a few years of going, with these additional changes and tweaks, i don't think i will be returning any time soon. the food is okay, nothing too crazy or amazing.This place used to have great pizza growing up 20 years ago. Today the pizza tastes like cardboard. Too bad the pizza is terrible as the restaurant is in a good location, have room to handle big parties, and serve alcohol.I have been to Joseph's many, many times throughout the years, as it is in my neighborhood. The owner, Claire, is also an alum of my High School, and she owns the restaurant next door, Moonstruck. This is also the place I went to for my first date with my fiance!!
Today, my Mom and her friend went to Joseph's to have Dinner and catch up. Her friend ordered a cheesesteak, she ordered a Turkey Club. She took a bite of her sandwich and tasted something chunky. She examined the sandwich and then pulled something out of her mouth, which was a part of a toothpick. She bit into the sandwich again, and tasted the toothpick again. I guess the top of the toothpick broke off and got stuck in the sandwich. She did not mention anything to the waitress. 
She ordered a pizza steak and some cheese fries on the go for me since I was coming home from work. The pizza steak was pretty good. The fries were okay, a little bland, and I did not like the consistency of the cheese whiz. It was super liquidy to the point that I had to twirl my fries many times to get it to stick, but then after a few minutes, the cheese whiz almost hardened when I was eating it. I would have preferred a consistency in between the two. 
All in all, the food is always usually pretty good.Extremely Disappointing doesn't begin to describe it. Went here with my mother, who'd loved it back in the day when she and my dad were dating. First problem is the most legally problematic: they've got NO handicapped accessible entrance. At all. I guess they're just not concerned with disabled people dining there? The way beyond regulation double height of the front step adds insult (and huge potential liability for injury!) to the problem of abled access. 
Alas once you're inside the nearly impossible to access for anyone handicapped establishment, don't expect to enjoy your dining experience. The foods on the atrocious side of things, much to the disappointment of my mothers nostalgic memories. And even if you can choke it down, don't expect it to sit well without rapid and repeat GI distress that'll literally leave you stopping off somewhere else in desperate need of facilities - because you won't want be able to use their facilities if disabled as they're 100% inaccessible as well!
Please don't subject yourself to the trauma of the cuisine, or the ignorance of the inaccessibility of this place. I feel bad for the employees, and question the thoughtfulness of the owner.Went with colleagues for lunch here. Ordered the famous Philly steak and it wasn't that famous.  The bread was too soft and the beef needed a bit more seasoning like salt and pepper would have help a little.Best pizza I've had near montgomery countyHorrible for food allergies!!!! So pissed manager didn't even have a guts to come and explain why they said they refused to make an Italian hoagie with lettuce instead of the roll.   When there staff suggested it!!!!PROS:  Solid, but not great pizza.  Not on the Santuccis or Tacconelli's level just yet.  Reasonably priced.  Decent sandwiches and wings.
CONS:  Eat-in parking not too good.  Right next to a Rite Aid.THIS PIZZA SUCKS BALLS.  Sauce sucks, bullshit cheap cheese and the crust was flavorless crap.   Ellios pizza tastes better.  Seriously.First time going here and it's very nice spot to go to sit-in and enjoy a pizza. Ordered a 16" pizza half plain cheese and the other, steak, bell peppers and onions. I have acid reflux and I'm lactose intolerant, but I didn't have any issues at all. So this had to be some good cheese and red sauce lol the waitress was so patience and pleasant. We also ordered wings and they were great, so I'll be back soon for those. We went on a Saturday evening and surprisingly there wasn't a long wait for our food.I've been coming to Joseph's pizza since I was a kid and have yet to have a complaint. The food and service are always equally extremely satisfactory. They recently remodeled and did a great job at updating the restaurant while keeping the same unique vibe everyone has come to love about this well known and loved neighborhood pizzeria. If you're looking for a memorable night out with your family for good food you can't go wrong with Jospeh's pizza.The employees are very friendly and accommodating. 
My friend and fiance and I had to wait maybe five minutes to be seated (perhaps cleaning off the booth we were going to sit at), but that was totally fine and we did not mind at all. 
Our waitress was attentive and helpful. 
We ordered a Sprite, Diet Coke, and Pink Lemonade. We also ordered a personal size Buffalo Chicken Pizza, a chicken parm sandwich, and a personal size Margarita pizza. Everything was delicious and we were all full from our meals. My sandwich even came with chips and a pickle which I was not expecting!I used to love Joseph's pizza.  I worked nearby and we would often grab lunch here.   We returned after an absence of several months and something has definitely changed.  We ordered a margarita pizza and it was awful.  It had large pieces of onion on it!  We all remarked on it.  So on our next visit, we stayed away from the margarita pizza and ordered a plain pizza.  Again we remarked at how different it was.  And not in a good way.  I am very disappointed.  We will be looking for another place for our future luncheons.I liked Joseph's. I was a little nervous by all the bad reviews, but I enjoyed my meal. I had the 10" BBQ chicken pizza on wheat dough, which was nice and thin and crunchy. The french fries were the pretty generic frozen variety, but they cooked them the right way, so it was good to me. My friend had the grilled chicken sandwich and seemed to enjoy that as well. Joseph's is pretty close to where I work, so I will definitely return when I want to sit down for lunch with waiter service and have something casual to eat.i have been coming here for years but after a while the place and environment increased in change. the prices are decent, but getting higher while the portions are getting smaller. it's an okay place, but after a few years of going, with these additional changes and tweaks, i don't think i will be returning any time soon.On Monday evening my husband and I took our girls out for pizza at Joseph's. When our pie arrived I pulled a slice off and put it on a plate in front of one of my daughters. I told her not to touch it, it was hot. As I was doing the same for her sister, she being a normal 3 year, picked up her slice to take a bite. The cheese fell off of the pizza and on to her lap. This accident has resulted into 1st and 2nd degree burns on her leg. The waitresses were wonderful. They immediately brought us over ice and cold compresses to put on her leg, as well as ice cream for both of our daughters. Management, on the other hand, was a disgrace. A manager never once came to our table to check on what had happened, or to make sure our daughter was ok. We also still received our bill for the pizza, which we paid and tipped our waitress very well for all she had done. A phone call was made to the restaurant today just make sure the manager was aware of what had happened, and that my daughter was seriously injured. We weren't looking for anything other than to make sure that this doesn't happen to another child/person and maybe an apology that my daughter was injured so badly. What we were told by the manager is that it wasn't their fault, that pizza is hot, and cheese sticks. I have been in tears since this accident happened. Watching your child suffer is one of the hardest things to see. Having to change her bandages twice a day seeing her skin falling off and doing it with a smile so she doesn't get scared is not easy when all you want to do is cry, and this man couldn't even offer an apology. 
Josephs's has been part of our community for a long time and management has made it obvious to me that they don't care about the people in our community. We will no longer be patronizing this establishment.Went there today for lunch because my kids like it. Have been going there for over 40 years, but this is the last time. The original owner would be sad to see what it has become. Food is terrible. It's a shame. It used to be really good and the place to go.Okay pizza, fries, cheesesteaks.  Cheesesteak hoagie good.  Good place to bring a sports team after a win.  Vincent's pizza is better.  Old London better for most things but not a fan of their pizza, but Joseph's has more of a restaurant setting than the other two.Decided to get the pizza tonight because I always remembered it being so good when I was a kid. It was so bad! We were so disappointed! Pizza was not even hot either. The whole thing was just flavorless. Definitely not how I remember it. We also got wings, also not good.PizzA thin crust are phenomenal. They have great burgers and golden brown fries. Try their cheesesteaks you wouldn't be disappointed. Extras: beer and wine. Staff service is exceptional. Don't miss out on this neighborhood treat. Be safe.Wear your mask and continue social distancing.The sauce has tin can taste to it. I rather have eaten a Ellios pizza. The cheese fries with wiz was great but who can mess that up. Very disappointed.We have been coming there for 30 years+.  Would always bring the kids and their friends and order a lot of stuff among them would be the Raging Bull pizza (hot sausage and  red onions).  Tonight just the 2 of us ordered a Margaurita pizza, one which we have ordered many times. Tonight it was different. Tonight it was soggy, wet, burned on top with DICED tomatoes UNDER a yellow mozzarella cheese. In case the pizza person does not understand, that isnot a marguarita pizza. The pizza needs SLICED plum tomatoes on top (so they are not wet) with melted white mozzarella and basil. Apparently this new style is the owner's idea, and a bad one.  Putting diced tomatoes on top of the dough under cheese yields WET dough.  Tomatoes are 94% water. I sent it back. That is a shame because the last few margurita pizzas we had were excellent.  The quality is diminishing.  Beware....if they keep up this quality or lack thereof, it will result in lost customers.I stopped here for lunch yesterday with my fiance, my mom and mother in law. We all enjoyed our meals. Their cheesesteaks are great. I like the way the meat is chopped. The rolls are nice and soft and you can get a few different options for cheeses. My mom and mother in law both said they used to come here back in the day and said the food is still just as good.
I like the old style and decor of the place as well. The bathroom is a little tight but very clean and well kept. The waitresses are friendly and quick. I would definitely come back again.We've never gotten food here and thought we'd try steak sandwiches. We're sorry we did.
We ordered mushroom cheesesteaks w/provolone. The mushrooms were not fresh and tasted canned. There was no trace of cheese. I could not finish mine.
Be careful what you order.Went here with a group of new coworkers for lunch to celebrate our supervisor's birthday. There were about 12 of us total and we called a few days ahead to make sure they could accomodate us. When we arrived however the very pregnant hostess did not know what we were taking about. She spoke with a manager I presume and they began to clean and push some tables together for us. Not a good sign already. 
Our server was just as unsure of herself when taking our order and slow to bring out our food. I ordered a turkey burger with sweet potato fries. The sweet potato fries were absolutely delicious but that turkey burger had to be the worst I ever tasted. It was extremely burnt with no seasoning. 
I'd come back just to try the pizza because that's what this establishment is known for but i'm not going out of my wayLove the family restaurant. We enjoy it everytime we come. The environment  is friendly and welcoming. Food is great and the service  is great. Always satisfied and never leaving hungry. Coming back very soon.I love Joesph's Pizza. I usually order a small plain pizza for myself and it's absolutely perfect every time. I have never been disappointed in the quality of their food. The party wings are top-notch. The cheesesteaks are pretty good also. I live across the street and this is the most convenient place for me to order food from. They even have a little cooler with 6-packs of beer. Nothing better than pizza and beer. I'm about to call and make an order right now actually.Joseph's USED to be wonderful. I remember when they make the best Bloody Mary in the city. I think they actually had a patent pending on the recipe. They were wonderful but the thing that made them stand out was the long piece of provolone coated in course black pepper on a stick. Amazing. Also the best pizza and cheese steaks anywhere.
That was then and this is now. I couldn't wait to get there when we moved back to Philly after many years away. The pizza was bland and soggy and worse, the Bloody Mary's with that awesome sharp provolone had gone the way of the dodo.
What a disappointment!Literally one of the worst eating experiences of my life. Please do not eat here if you want to get an idea of what food should taste like or are visiting philly. It will link the experience with bad memories. It is made for old racist white people who don't want any young or black people in there eating spaces so that is what you pay for segregation.  The cheese on the pizza was obviously not mozzarella because of how it burned it was inferior kobe, the crust was dry, and the dough was obviously old. microwaveable pizza is substantially better. The steaks they claim to have 8 oz of meat i doubt weighted 8ozs with the husky disgusting rolls they came with. The server was inattentive and i never got a refill after asking her over 5 times even though we were right next to the soda fountain. It also took us 10 minutes to be seated when we were the only ones there. The only reason you should eat would be if you can no longer taste and don't mind spending extra money on "eating" in a place with no minorities.If you like cardboard flavored pizza, vacant servers, and twin peaks decor, this is the place for you!
I don't understand how another reviewer could even use Tacconellis and Joseph's in the same sentence, unless it was to describe polar opposites.  That person must have completely burnt off their tastebuds on the overly hot pizza sauce.
I grew up around the area and remember Joseph's certainly having the best pizza around.  But I moved away, came back years later, went to what I thought was Joseph's, but discovered that this is either the Twilight Zone or Bizzarro Land.
The pizza is awful.  Another reviewer mentioned that Ellios frozen pizza was better-- and that is exactly what I thought to myself last time I ate there.
It's close to home, serves pizza and beer and was a place to grab a quick bite and keep the kids happy.  The kids love Pizza in general, but here, even when hungry, they won't finish all of it.
The crust is bland, inconsistent and almost has a sourdough taste which is not pleasant.  Not quite neopolitan, not quite pan-- what is it???  The sauce is flavorless and forgettable, if it weren't for the fact that it comes nuclear hot while the cheese is somewhat cool.  Wrong temp cooking maybe?  Try telling your hungry toddlers not to eat the pizza for fifteen minutes.  The cheese is equally disappointing.  Best part of the pizza with no flavor.  Luckily they have garlic, oregano, parmesan, etc. at the table so you can put some flavor on it in order to get it down.  What a shame for a hometown establishment!
The servers are, well, "untrained."  Inattentive, space cadets.  I could go on, but I won't.  The food speaks loud enough for the whole establishment.  Maybe if they fed the servers some of the pizza, they'd snap out of it.
If you must eat here, chicken cheesteaks are a safe bet.  Caesar salad is ok.  But who goes to a pizza place not wanting to try the pizza?
I hope someone else buys the place, redecorates, and brings a real pizza back.  I have been here numerous times just hoping it would get better, but no.  Go a few blocks in any direction for better pizza.Worst cheese steaks ever!!! Just awful. The cheese wiz tasted sour. I will never ever order from there again. I only ordered because it was old neighborhood favorite but long gone are those days. The food is disgustingA lot of mixed reviews for this restaurant but we have always enjoyed this as a local restaurant with dine in and delivery service.
Our go to is Buffalo Chicken pizza, onion rings and pizza fries.I love everything about this place. The pizza is 10/10 every single time. The wings are also on point. This is by far my favorite place to get foodI only been to this place a handful of times but as of today I will never order or eat from Josephs pizza again. How can you have a family place and you have a SEX OFFENDER working there and yes the victim was a minor so while your ordering your food this creep is checking out your children.. To bad im not gonna put the mans name out there so do some homework online hes not hard to find ZANE AVE 19046....People please be safe out there these kind of guys are everywhere.......FWI dont get any bad review on this place , yeah the pizza is nothing you cant get anywhere but its always hot its not expensive, and the people are great the food is pretty damn good too the pizza itself Id call average to above average, but everything else Ive ever had from there was really good .  And the staff is great