I admit I was pretty hard on Pistolas, but the service and food were horrible.
I went to the UYE cupcake/December/Jan birthday extravaganza right before Christmas. They had a really tasty Francoise Lambic that I wish I could have gotten more, except the cask ran out. Grr. The other beers were also very good, albeit expensive. The nachos I got were pretty dang tasty, with tons of chorizo and toppings on it. I think just about everyone who shared the order with me loved them. The burger I had was kinda a hockey puck though and it had a slightly off taste to it.
Casey our bartender was hilarious, entertaining, and quick with the tap. After he sang, I realized that he is infact the long lost 3rd member of Tenacious D. Seriously. 
The jukebox provided good tunes. The people I was with provided good times. It was nice to see old friends and meet new ones, including the truly lovely Valissa.
4 stars for beer and nachos
2 stars for food.I had a great time at Jose Pistolas. Their beer selection is top notch, as they have a wide variety of IPA's and Craft Brews on tap. Along with that they have a large selection of bottled beers.
The menu seemed limited to nachos and burrito's, but as a Mexican food lover it was right up my alley. I got the Sunrise Burrito and I have to say this was one of the best burrito's I have ever had. The burrito offered a lot of different tastes and tasted like the person who made it took time and effort rather then slapping something together.
The guacamole app was delicious as well. They offered two types of salsa as well as a mountain of chips. Overall a great little place if you are in the mood for mexicanHoly Guacamole! I mean that literally. Get the pistachio goat cheese guac, thank me later. I've been here twice now and am yet to be disappointed. The nachos (+chorizo) are amazing, but the chip to toppings ratio is a little off. We ended up ordering extra chips to get all the topping goodness. I've also had chicken tinga tacos, so flavorful! The queso and the tamarind chicken wings were just ok, stick with items above! 
If you're looking for something sweet go for the churros, mostly for the chocolate dipping sauce honestly. V good, especially if you save some tortilla chips and dip in the chocolate, for some nice sweet and salty action!
Don't forget a pitcher of margs for the table, or just yourself, no judgements.RIP BEST NACHOS IN THE WORLD.
Did you ever love Jose's? Enjoy the chilled atmosphere and amazing food? Then STAY AWAY! Just returned after they changed up management/chef. Here is a brief list of things that ruined this favorite spot.
1)               THEY CHANGED THE NACHOS                       
........... and give you SMALLER plates that cost MORE MONEY. And by changed I mean the only thing still the same are the chips! NO MORE PICKLED ONIONS, refried beans instead of black beans, LESS salsa, Gross cheese instead of the delicious feta it used to be (feta still barely sprinkled on it, but it's doused in generic white cheese). No more half or full size orders, they are just half size orders. Instead of being $7, its now $9, and any meat add on is $4 instead of $2 to $3.5. I CANNOT EXPRESS MY SADNESS AT LOSING THESE NACHOS. they were the best nachos in the world and now they are just overpriced bleh.
2) NO MORE TASTY VEGETARIAN OPTIONS! Jalepeno popper empanadas are a thing of the past! spicy vegan burrito? not spicy anymore, just a meh blend of soy chorizo with various grains. Best black bean burger at a restaurant, NOW GONE. what they do have a portobello anything because that is all vegetarians want to eat right?
3) Atmosphere changed to bro-house rude yelling people. Came in and even though the night was pretty slow, the upstairs was super loud. There was some kind of retro SEGA game night going on that took up the whole bar section and 6 seats in the seating area. Despite the fact that no one was playing the SEGA at the table,  i saw them TURN AWAY CUSTOMERS BECAUSE A SEGA WAS SITTING AT THIS TABLE FOR 6. WHAT HAPPENED?!!!!!!! Jose's used to be so amicable and nice, now its some bro-club you can't sit in to eat? WTF? annnnddd our waitress left for such long periods of time we actually had to go hunt her down to order and get out of there, because the other staff was distracted by fucking video games. 
4) Menu is now UBER EXPENSIVE! Guacamole OR salsa for $11-$14???!!! No wayy......  No cheap alternatives if you just want to chill with pals and snack. You will spend at least $12 if you want to eat anything with meat in it, $10 if you are an exclusively portobello eating vegetarian. Used to be able to split a meal between friends and save some $$$ but now the food is tiny, exotic named mediocre dishes.
THIS WAS MY FAVORITE TEX MEX............I AM NEVER RETURNING.
The new chef ruined all the charm and flavor in the menu, substituting it for over-priced fancy named generic items. 
Never thought this day would come when I am so disappointed in Jose's I am actually writing this bitter review of one of my all time favorite places. If you ever loved it, just abandon it. Remember the good times, don't go back. You'll just get your heart broken. 
I hearby strip you of the title of Best Nachos, adios old friend.I DON'T EVER write reviews/yelps etc... especially being in the service industry because none of us want to hear it. BUT I will tonight.  I would've privately emailed but didn't find an address...
In short:   food and drinks and accommodating a group of 7 girls for hh was absolutely great!!! BUT your server  that took care of us is AWFUL!!! We ordered pitchers and apps, super easy, we didn't even ask for refills of water.  We're a bunch of servers having a girls hh and your server felt the need to braid her hair in the midst of not clearing the piles of dirty app plates on our table!! On top of us not drinking or eating anymore because of HER service we asked for the check.  And she felt the need to add the 20% grat herself.  I'm sorry I thought 18% grat is the norm and would've left her more if she didn't take it upon herself to leave a tip that wasn't deserving!! DO I FILL IN MY OWN TIPS ON CC SLIPS?? Oh yeah and throw the cc book on the table at your customer???After a long day at work I just wanted a good beer and some decent food. Unfortunately I went to Jose Pistolas. 
I ordered the burrito platter, which came with rice and beans and a small side salad. I also got a La Fin Du Monde, which is an excellent Belgian style beer made in Canada. The beer was good. Sadly it was the high point of the night, aside from the smiles from the downstairs waitress and the beautiful ponytailed waitress from Montana(I hope your grandma gets better)
The rice and beans were not fully cooked. I hate crunchy rice bits and I had several. The beans were not fully cooked as well. Note to chef, soak the beans before you cook them. The salad wasn't bad, but it wasn't notable either. The burrito had nice chunks of pineapple and some nice cheese, but the meat was pretty flavorless and somehow they managed to get a lot more tortilla wrapped up in the burrito than filling. Also I didn't taste any jalapenos in it. The side verdes sauce was pretty bland and definitely not fresh. My guess is they made it up ahead of time from canned tomatillos and left it in the frig.
Compounding my annoyance at the lackluster food, I ran out of beer. I sat around waiting for the waiter. Then I had to find the bathroom. As previously mentioned the bathroom is upstairs. What they didn't mention is that there are no signs directing you to the bathroom. So I hunted around like a jackass for bathrooms. Finally I gave up and asked the bartender. I then hiked up the back entrance into the bathroom. Problem solved. 
Finally I got back to my table. No waiter. I sat around for another 3 minutes of the Lakers-Nuggets game, still no waiter. Finally I got up and took the bull by the horn. I ordered a Troegs from the bartender. He actually was very nice and apologized for the lack of service and comped me the beer. I went back to my table and started sipping some Troegs. It was then that I saw something dart around out of the corner of my eye. I looked over and saw a mouse skittering across the floor. I thought for sure my tired eyes were deceiving me. Sure enough though, about 2 minutes later I clearly saw it scamper across the floor again. I told the bartender, and he apologized, but that was about it. The waiter said something lame about sharing a wall with other establishments(ie. McGlincheys).
At this point, I just wanted my check. Unfortunately I had to wait for the waiter. Usually, the waiter is supposed to wait on you. How annoying. The waiter did apologize when he rang me up. I can't tell whether the lack of service was due to inadequate staffing or he cared more about the big table on the main floor. The cynic in me thinks the latter. 
No mas Pistolas. Or should I say, no mouse Pistolas.Terrible service. The server came to the table three times in the first two minutes while we were still getting settled. Then he never returned to take our order. When we asked for chips and salsa which we expect to be complimentary like every normal tex-mex place, we get a huge platter with guacamole, two salsas and chips that is a starter. When I explained that we just wanted the houses chips and salsa, he looked at me like I was crazy. 
The server was basically watching the Phillies game at the bar the whole night and barely said two words to us. He never replaced our blown out candle. We had to ask for plates and napkins. He gave us an attitude when I asked to keep the chips on the table. Then he didn't take the plates from the table once we were done. We asked three times for a bag to take our leftovers, but the bag never came. 
The bathroom was not very clean. One of the bathrooms had no light. The whole experience was ruined by the service which is a shame because I actually thought the carne burrito was quite good but I'm definitely never going back.First time I've been here in a while!! Came in with co-workers for happy hour on a Thursday. When we first came in it wasn't crowded, we were seated quickly and our server got our drinks started. By the time we left it was PACKED. 
Happy Hour menu is good for drinks. We got a pitcher of marga for $13!! And it was good!! Unfortunately there was no food HH special, so be prepared for full price food. 
Bathrooms are on the second floor... not the nicest... so be prepared. 
Overall, I'd come back for HH again. Not sure if I'd do a full meal though.Stopped by on a weeknight.  A local Mexican place had too long of a wait time, so, Joe was a perfect alternative.  Great beer and super carnitas burrito!  Service was prompt as well.  Second bar upstairs. Friendly staff and good, though younger, crowd.  
I will never wait in line at the local competitor again when I can go to Joe's . 4 stars cause the ambiance is lacking a bit (think narrower/ two level City row.).  Overall, a great place for good Mexican food and drinks.I am a sucker for any place with a great beer list. I don't know if you could be disappointed, it is pretty diverse...  and awesome. I have had some good dishes here as well. The Bells BBQ wings were pretty tasty and large. Chicken tortilla soup is huge and was fresh and bountiful-not just broth. Definitely will be coming here more often.This review is based solely on the nachos, which are absolutely life changing. It's possible I'll write five different reviews about the nachos alone
I think they must make the nachos in two layers, then STACK the layers on top of each other, which is so genius because you avoid the whole issue of dry chips on the bottom. You can choose any of the "taco land proteins" which include spicy pork, steak, pork belly, chicken tinga, and even portobello mushroom. We got the spicy pork and it was incredible. The nachos are made with real cheese vs. sauce and have pickled onions + an extra sprinkling of cotija on top. Also the chips are thick and wonderful. Every element was just executed so well. 
 Our waitress was super friendly and very knowledgeable about the beers. Honestly though, I was so focused on the nachos that I don't even really know. The rest of the place is pretty small, nothing great or bad to say about it. This could be Dave Matthews' personal home and I'd still go weekly for nachos.Great bar, average food.
Not a huge fan of Mexican in general but I love guacamole. Jose Pistolas definitely delivered on that front. At first glance the guac looks like it came out of a bag but the texture and chunks of avocado inside set the record straight. The chips were a bit too salty for my taste, but served their purpose as shovels for the salsa.
I ordered the shrimp tacos and my boyfriend ordered the burrito. He was in love with the Sunrise(?) and proclaimed it one of the best burritos he ever tasted. My shrimp tacos were OK. A plus was the juicy shrimp and the guacamole paste on the tortillas. The downfall was the authentic, corn tortillas they were served on. I was expecting Tex-Mex and got more of an authentic taco dish. I know, it's a really weird complaint for a Mexican restaurant lol.
I ordered some kind of Framboise beer that was literally liquified raspberries. It served as a boozy beverage and dessert for me. Their beer selections was pretty impressive and the space was pretty cool. I stayed on the first floor but it looked like there were an additional couple of floors for dining and drinking.
Jose Pistolas might not be the best for a first date as the music is loud and the service is just OK but if you're an old couple that doesn't need to listen to each other yap or if you're with a group of friends looking to have a few good beers and some tasty apps this is definitely a place to go!Korean short rib tacos. Do it!
Hit this spot up everytime I am in Philly.I've been to Jose Pistolas twice now and am happy to admit that I am a fan, finally. I visited nearly a year ago and enjoyed a couple of their famed margaritas but had to deal with a standoff-ish waiter. Not cool.
My second experience, this past week, was much MUCH better. I really wanted to like this place, and I'm glad to say that I now do. I sat at the upstairs bar with a friend (I highly recommend the upstairs bar as it is romantically lit and well air conditioned) and indulged in $15 Happy Hour Margarita pitchers. They were great! My $11 Chicken Burrito was as good as I had hoped it to be, too. Like I said, I've had mixed experiences but WILL be back to Jose's. I think the key is to avoid going when it's even slightly crowded. Definitely check out Happy Hour during the week for some decent drink deals and a less crowded vibe. I'll be back.I have been in hear a few times and each time I laugh harder, drink more, and eat better food! 
Each bartender is great and brings there own charm and humor to the place. They each have a great knowledge of the beer they are carrying and are always willing to entertain! 
I went here because I had a random friday off from work and Stone brewery was having a lunch there. We had the beef brisket sandwich, each time I go here I get this sandwich and each time it gets better and better. tender brisket with an onion ring in the sandwich and some amazing sauce that I cant quite put my finger on. We also got the enchiladas which were cheesy and wonderful and had a fried egg on them which was different for me but added some different texture to the dish and was soooooo delicious. I love the relaxed atmosphere on this place and cant wait to go back againThis is like your run of the mill Tex Mex place. It kinda reminds me of a privately owned Chili's kind of joint but with one thing separating it from the chains:
A pretty solid tap beer selection!
This review is on just the beer, sitting at the bar. I have never eaten here nor at a table so I can not comment on that.
As far as the service at the bar goes it was very attentive. The bartender was a pretty nice dude. He had the mets game on the tube and was very accommodating on letting me try different beers.
I went with an Allagash White, which is similar to blue moon or hoegardeen. It is a Belgian white wheat beer which I find very refreshing and one of the best representative of the style, waaaaaaaay better then blue moon!!! Def worth a try if u see on tap and like that style of beer. It is also a great starter beer!!!
Anyway I found that it tasted clean and fresh, meaning the taps are kept clean. My friend went with an oatmeal stout which he commented tasted good but tasted weak, no fault of the bar lol.
As far as environment goes, I really liked Music playlist which was playing. Mostly late 80s and early 90s hip hop. Awesome if you are into old school hip hop and not the commercial garbage playing over the airwaves today.
The crowd seemed to be a mix of grad students that live in the area that go to the various Universities in the area.
All in all a decent crowd, a decent vibe at the bar, cool music and great beer. All in all a chill experience. I doubt I would come here to eat but def would come back for a beer if I am ever in the area.We were really in the mood for margaritas on St. Patty's day so in nontraditional fashion, we decided to check out Jose Pistola's! The margaritas were good and they come by the pitcher during happy hour. We all ordered different tacos on the menu and they were loved by all. The waitress even convinced us we needed to have their churros for dessert. The churros came with chocolate on the side, but personally I'm a fan of coco leche with my churros. This dessert would be even more decadent with more dipping options. The restaurant was pretty packed for the holiday so our service wasn't super speedy, but our waitress was kind. We had to call her over a couple times for some refills to make the most of happy hour. I'll be back to Jose Pistola's because the food and the drinks are good but it was wicked loud in there and you had to yell to hear the person across from you. It's also pretty dark inside. Not dim, but dark. This will be nice to go back to during the winter months but I'll want to be somewhere brighter and more open during the hot summer and not feel so packed.First things first... this place is sketch-yyyyyy when you walk inside.  I'm like, all timid and shy, "Where's the restroom?"  He was like, "It's on the third floor."  I'm like, "Oh, mmm... hehe, nevermind."
Okay, so now to the food... it was actually quite delicious.  The tacos were really big.  I didn't expect them to fill me up but they were plentiful.  My only qualm?  I had to *spit* out three pieces of bone.  I don't eat chicken on the bone... and I don't want bone in my chicken.  My companion got the chicken nachos and he had the same problem.  
I'm willing to give ol' Jose another try but he'd better keep that bone out of my food.  Maybe I'll just stick to the veggie options next time.Amazing beer selection and the bartenders know their stuff. Good, full atmosphere when I went here on Tuesday night, which is atypical mid-week for most bars in this area. Really sad they changed their menu awhile back - I miss the fried pickles!This place isn't even first level wheelchair accessible. I hear nothing but great things about the food and would love to add it to my list of places to frequent. I live nextdoor to this place and have realized that it is one of the only places on S 15th that isn't wheelchair accessible. There used to be a breezeway that protrudes in the sidwalk. That was knocked down last week, freeing up the sidewalk, yet they didn't ramp the entrance even though there is room. In a neighborhood full of accessible entrances it is a shame that even after time spent on exterior changes, they remain inaccessible.I wouldn't say this is very authentic Mexican, but it is definitely very good. We ate on the deck which had a very cool atmosphere, high top tables, hanging lights, plants everywhere. My favorite part by far were the drinks.. MASSIVE mojitos made with fresh ingredients. Jose Pistolas is unique and great for a change of paceBeen here before and enjoyed it, which is why we went back. However, our second experience was not so good. The guacamole was standard, nothing fancy or exciting, especially for a mexican place. We both ordered fish tacos - one with catfish and one with red tail bass. The catfish was great, but the bass tasted especially fishy - always a warning sign with seafood. When we told the waitress and ordered something else, she seemed to take it personally. She then walked to the bar, told everyone there, and they proceeded to discuss it loudly, saying, "it's fish tacos. It's supposed to taste like fish." PS - one of us is married to a legit fisherman, so we might know what we're talking about. For the rest of the meal, the waitress alternated between ignoring us and being straight up rude. When we thanked her at the end of the meal, her response was "Yep." Seriously, we never review stuff like this, but the fact that everyone was sooo angry that someone would dare return a menu item that they admittedly had just debuted that week was in pretty poor taste. And talking about it in front of the customers was unprofessional. We also want to note that we were, in our opinion, incredibly nice and polite the entire time, even after having to return the food and listen to them blasting us for it. Also, re: bathrooms on the third floor. It was a Sunday afternoon, so the upstairs bar wasn't open yet, but having to literally step over two huge garbage bags on my way there was gross.One word: DEEELISH.
Jose Pistolas has everything I look for in a Mexican restaurant.. rich flavor and a good mix between authentic Mexican food with an American flair.I came here with a huge group of friends.. the waitress was a little overwhelmed.. but the ambiance is better for a group setting then a more intimate meal. I had the half order of nachos (and a half order is DEFINITELY enough as a meal for one person or as an appetizer for two) and the veggie quesadillas which I shared with a friend. They were both really amazing! 
My only reasons for 4 vs 5 stars are
1. The food is not very spicy for mexican food and the only "hot sauce" option is Chalula
2. The room is VERY VERY dark.. kind of a grugy feel since the eating area is past the bar entrance
3. No free chips and salsa! 
Overall I would recommended this place for a causal meal when you're craving mexican!Have to update on the awesomeness I experienced on my 2nd visit back here. After searching all over for the best place to host my husband's surprise 30th bash, I ended up picking this place because I knew it was tex-mex food, which he loves, and I figured it was laid-back and reasonably priced enough to not be over-the-top for his friends who would be attending. Our waitress, who's name I can't seem to recall now (Victoria, I think?) was phenomenal in accomodating our party. She was speedy in getting the downstairs space of the bar ready for our bday crew before my husband arrived for the surprise. She was very attentive in taking drink and food orders for our party even though we were all over the place.  She took care of storing away the birthday cupcakes I brought to the bar, and reminded me to bring them out after dinner when I was too drunk to remember.  It was a perfect scene for my husband's bday bash, thanks jose p!I would say their bar food is very decent. I actually enjoyed their taco and nachos very much. I am not huge fan of bar food- normal greasy and very salty for me. However couple of friends recommended this place for Mexican snack and I can't agree more. 
Nachos were so yummy!! Crispy and I liked their topping. Not soggy and just perfect combination of bean, veggies and cheese!
Tacos were decent as well however I think nacho was the winner.  
Definitely going back for some snack.I've been to Jose Pistolas a few times now for happy hour. They have decent happy hour specials (especially the margarita pitchers!) The service was solid and I think the nachos are delicious.  It's a great casual meeting spot. They've always got the game on too!Great little place. A definite diamond in the rough. Not a huge menu but really good food and the nachos are huge and home made. Also an excellent beer select by the bottle and tap.I only had drinks and churro when I went here but I highly recommend both! The drink cocktail menu was great! (I'm a prettty big fan of cocktails though). I like how you can mix all the margarita flavors, so I got a pomegranate guava margarita which was great! But I highly highly recommend the pomegranate mojito! It was refreshing and not too sweet, and maybe even better than the Margs. 
The churros were just ok. It kinda seemed like they were bought in the frozen section of a grocery store, but the chocolate dipping sauce really made it better. Probably wouldn't have ordered it if I wasn't really into getting dessert.I had the best service I have ever had in my entire life at Jose Pistolas by my server Kisa (the one with pink hair). She's absolutely amazing. I've sat at her table probably three times now and every time she's great. When I have a bad day my go to now will be Jose Pistolas mainly because of Kisa, and the amazing food of course!I have been here many many times over the years. I wouldn't say I go there enough to be considered a regular, but I certainly go enough to where the bartenders recognize me. My friends and I arrived and were told by the hostess that it would be 15-20 min wait. No big deal, it's Friday night. So we ordered some drinks at the bar and we were shown to our table. After we were seated, it took about 10 mins for the server to even come over and tell us the food specials. I was getting ready to leave, so I didn't order any food and my three other friends ordered 2 appetizers for the 3 of them. This is where the issue happened. The server was clearly not happy about the small order and said "hey guy, we have a wait for the tables right now and you are only ordering 2 items for 4 people". 
My friends that we're staying are good tippers and said to me as I left that they would have compensated him for the small bill. The server was incredibly rude and he never should have said that. I'm not sure if he was having a bad day or what, but you don't say those things to your customers. 
I am only posting this because I hope the manager and/or owner sees this and says something to the server that was on tonight on the first floor. I still love Pistola's and their nachos are still the best in the city. One bad experience won't stop me from going back or recommending it to people.I'm beginning to have serious issues with bars here and their insistence upon serving food.  Why bother?  People can eat somewhere else.  Don't bother us with your $8.50 disgusting pair of steak tacos that I can guarantee were not sustainably raised.  Like, just dole out the booze and don't embarrass yourself.  
That said, Casey is the sweetness as far as bartenders go, and how can you not fall in love with someone who's in a band called WELCOME TO MY FACE.  Possibly the best band name ever.  I'd go back just to ruminate on that while watching him rock out to EVERY. SINGLE. SONG!With three four-seaters open, I was told I had to wait for a two-seater to open. The bar was full, so I couldn't sit down. 
The decor was nice. As I noticed all tables that could be separated, I grew to appreciate the skull hanging above the bar. Very authentic. I even grew to feel empathetic for it: slowly dying of hunger and thirst, left to be gawked at by intoxicated patrons wondering why I'm there. Just there. Waiting. Watching. 
A strand of Christmas lights was out. Even more authentic. I felt like I was in solidarity with those lights: dejected, noticed but not acknowledged. 
Finally, I asked the hostess if she could split one of the tables for me--you know, capitalizing on the paying customer that actually is there instead of the one that may or may not come in--she said they couldn't.I'm going to make this one simple.  This place is an old standby for me and margarita friends.
Margaritas (1/2 price at HH)
Nachos (a meal for two in itself)
Fish Tacos
Yum.Awesome spot cool vibe. Bathrooms on third floor in case you need to know. Great beer and food looks good although didn't have it.I went to Jose Pistola's with a good friend of mine on a Friday night around 8. It was completely packed, there was only one table for two available, and we seated ourselves upstairs - which is apparently what you're supposed to do (we asked a bartender). I checked their website before visiting to see what their draft options were and had my heart set on a Houblon Chouffe, only to arrive and see that the entire list was different. I chose the La Rulles Tripel, and of course it was delicious. There are also no prices printed next to the drafts, mine ended up being $8 (I still would've gotten it if I'd've known that though). My friend and I split a half order of nachos with guacamole - trust me, this is enough food for 2 to split as an app. Satisfactory nachos. I ordered the tempura fried grouper tacos with spicy mayo. Spicy mayo? Tempura? I'm sold. They were $9 for two tacos and I think that it was a fair price for the size, quality, and tastiness. I really enjoyed those tacos! The music was a little loud, and I guess it was reggae, and it seemed as though the same song played over and over from the time we got there and the time we left. The crowd is a good crowd. Food was tasty for sure. Beer is a lovely selection. I'll definitely be back, probably during the week or for brunch!This place offers one of the best nachos I've had with spicy pork on top. Margaritas here are delicious and everything is at a reasonable price. There's an upstairs and downstairs.  Downstairs is like a sauna in the summer tho, so I usually choose to go upstairs. Also must try their sopes.First time in Philly....and the bouncer Ethan was so amazing! Thd bartenders Dick and Pete were so welcoming!!I've been coming to Jose Pistolas for years now and you know what?  I like it.  
Despite being across the street from disgusting chain, Fox and Hound, Jose Pistolas serves up some tasty tacos and pico de gallo.  
Although I much prefer this place for happy hour and bar nibbles, I've been for dinner a few times.  The burritos are huge and well worth the money.  The tacos are delish, especially the pork belly.  But, you only get two, which is an okay portion, but not if you're extremely hungry - be sure to get an appetizer if you are.
I've always been happy with the beer selection and service.  The only thing I'd change is the music - turn it down!  When I go somewhere to eat, I'd like to be able to converse with my table, not yell at them.  
If you're looking for somewhere fancy, this place ain't it.  But if you want a chill atmosphere, some cold beer and perhaps some nachos after a hard day's work, this is your place.They've got a new chef, and the chef has kept the staple menu items. Not only that, the new chef has some pretty imaginative new specials!
I've always been a fan of Jose Pistola's. Ordered grouper tacos, which are my fav on the menu. They were more awesome than usual this time around, every flavor in them was delicious. I have to say, if they made the price $13, I'd pay it for 3 tacos, instead of $9.50 for two. 
The beer selection has been better, this recent night must have just been an off-night.
Then we tried something off the specials menu: the spicy tuna guacamole. Maybe not the most appetizing name, but certainly appetizing in taste! And that's what matters, am I right? I was super happy with this app. I love sesame seeds and I love spicy tuna...and of course, like every other human, I love guacamole. 
I'll be back more often, thanks for reminding me how delightful your food is!We came here after drinks for Veterans Day. I wasn't too hungry so I got the bacon guac. It was delicious and perfectly flavored , with large pieces of bacon on top. Although, for the price , I would expect more guac. They also have a pretty interesting drafts - I chose a melon gouse , which was delicious. Everyone else in my party enjoyed their food. Fast service .Ok, so I'm from Dallas born and raised. I thought coming to Philly would be a bad experience but I was wrong. This place is greatness. The servers and bartenders are super friendly, especially for newcomers and first timers. The nachos w/ carnitas are fabulous. Margaritas are delicious and potent.I was taken to this place by a friend. I've never heard of this place I was suggested in going there.
I ordered the Sunrise Burrito, more or less it was a breakfast burrito. But I ordered it with a vegan chorizo. I guess it was my fault there because it had the consistency of 3 day old re-fried beans. Just tacky, sticky, clumpy mess. If that was taken out of the burrito, it would have been a great breakfast burrito. Filling, but I couldn't get over the vegan chorizo.
The fried pickles we ok. Not as good as El CaminoMexican bar for gringos. The food is surprisingly really good. Borders between authentic and tex-mex, but overal good. Tacos, sopes, and burritos are good. 
For brunch check out their breakfast burrito, huevos rancheros, and breakfast tacos.Tasty food and a great beer selection.
I've been here a few times and most recently was to meet some friends and watch a flyers playoff game.  It was good Friday so fish tacos were on the menu.  I went with the mahi tacos and they were pretty great.  I prefer my fish broiled, grilled or sauteed when inside a taco and that's how these were served.  Corn tortillas, a squeeze of lime and I'm a happy man.  Jose Pistola's delivered.
Awesome beer list and the only thing they were out of was the Smooth Hoperator.  I had the Bell's Pale Ale and the Yards Love Stout instead.
The place was packed and the service was very good.  They even let us move the table when more people showed up to our party.  Most places aren't that accommodating.
I'll be back here.I had dinner here last night and this place is a shitshow.  There was a wait so we tried to order drinks with the bartender.  1 bartender for the whole bar and all the tables I think.  She also was really concerned with personal convos with regulars and didn't really pay attention so I didn't get my cocktail.  That was strike 1 and 2.  Give me my booze or give me death.  After we sat down our server took 10 minutes to greet us, there was a loud table near us screaming back and forth at each other - wasted out of their minds at 10pm, I couldn't hear my husband across the table.  And some dude stuck his ass in my husbands back when he was bending over to pay his tab.  Have mercy.  I felt like I was a dive bar without the five bar prices.  I won't be back any time soon.Might be my favorite restaurant in Philly. Spicy tuna guacamole is one of my favorite things on the planet. The catfish po' boy tacos are perfection. Great beer list, and they have Allagash White on tap, one of my favorite beers.The more you frequent this place, the more you come to realize this place personifies the owner; fun-loving, an interest in quality food at reasonable prices, and a true care for the beer that is served. The beer list is ever changing with great seasonal selections from all over the country. The menu continues to evolve and test the limits. This past weekend I had the pleasure of trying the pomegranate mango guacamole- it was a revelation. In addition to that, the Kobe rib tacos were excellent.  Rebecca was a thorough and knowledgable server to top off the experience. 
Their happy hour specials always peak the interest of the average bar-goer if you follow them on social media and the nachos are a staple... and for great reason.My first time here I ordered the salmon tacos and a pitcher of mango margaritas with some friends. I loved everything about this place especially the bar upstairs. Very hipster you professional vibe. I wasn't over joyed with the tuna ceviche but it was still decent. I wish there was more.. Other than that it was a nice last min tripAwesome burritos and definitely worth the trip. My friends and I have tried the carnitas al pastor burrito, sunrise burrito and portabellorito, and really enjoyed it. The pear cider ale is also very good--- light and refreshing. 
Only down side for me is that the atmosphere is a little too dark and loud-- I don't enjoying shouting to my friends sitting next to me.Ever since I turned 21, Jose Pistolas is one of my favorite places to pass the time with some good tunes and beers. Especially when they have Doc's Pear Cider, yum...
Bartender Casey always makes the nights he's there very enjoyable and especially fun.
The food... always top notch. It's hard to pick a favorite thing of mine! The guacamole is some of the best in the city, the brisket just melts in your mouth, and you can't go wrong with their soft tacos.
Tonight I tried their Mac & Cheese special (which inclined me to finally write up a review). The spiral noodles alone won me over... But the cheese was nice and mild, a perfect thick, creamy cheese sauce. Then the bread crumbs had an awesome kick of jalapeno flavor. I thought El Camino had this recipe down, but boy was I wrong!
Can't wait for my next trip back to enjoy some yummy food, great drinks, and amazingly friendly service.
Thank you Jose Pistolas!Brunch is a great way to start your weekend.  I highly recommend the Chilaquiles Verdez and the Churros.Cool spot to grab a bite to eat and wash it down with some quality beers. The nachos here are legit and deserve special mention.Cool bar. I came here on a Tuesday night to grab a drink. I sat at the bar with a friend and we loved the atmosphere. I looked at their menu and want to come back to try there food. I heard the nachos were awesome and definitely something to share. I also heard that the tacos are pretty good here. I will have to come back and write another review on the food. 
The bathrooms are also on the 3rd floor. For some people this may be an inconvenience but I did not see anything wrong with it.Love this Place, great beers and philly-mex, wish  they would bring back theh quesdillas though, super delicious and filling...where did they go?I have eaten appetizers and drank here in the past. However, a few friends and i came here for dinner on a saturday night two weeks ago and my friend got SEVERE FOOD POISONING from a hamburger. She noticed it didn't taste right yet ate half of the burger anyway. 2 hours later she was throwing up to the point where I almost took her to the hospital.  
If you order a hamburger and it doesn't taste right, don't eat it!!Tuna tacos, they're adorable. Double your order if you're actually hungy. Left here, then went somewhere for lunch.Close to home, great beer selection and Mexican food...what more could I ask for? 
I might have been one of the few people sad to see Copa Too go.  I loved it there, grimy as it was, for so many reasons.  I had been going there for years, so there were the memories but then there were the burgers and margaritas too!  Delish.  
But, this isn't a Copa review.  
Jose Pistolas definitely made up for the loss.  I love that the servers are helpful with beer info and I love love love the fish tacos.  
Other things to try - nachos (so good), any of the burritos and you can't go wrong with a quesadilla.  
My next visit will definitely lead me to my favorite Pistola's Fish Tacos and hopefully a new beer I have yet to try!This was the first time I had good service. Our waiter Alex was polite and kept the refills coming. Every time I've been here before I had no clue who my server was or when I would get my next drink. Jose Pistolas has totally redeemed itself and also try the short rib on the nachos. Melt in your mouth good. However, R.I.P black bean burger.AWESOME NACHOS. Gigantic, delicious, and did I say gigantic? I get the half order and can't even come close to finishing them. Not your typical nacho's though, the pickled onions and jalapenos give it a unique flavor. Great beer I hear. Decent margaritas. The jalapeno popper empanadas are supposed to be heavenly as well. Kinda pricey, but always good food. I have had a few times that it was very difficult to get served though because it is seat yourself and gets pretty packed. All in all, a nice spot for tasty and unique flavors and beer.So a fun story.  Had just moved into the city and my roommate made some spare keys for the apartment.  I took one in my armband and ran along chestnut and walnut at night since it's pretty well lit and even has cops on the roads by the historic spots.  Well, after about 4 miles I ran back to our place to finish.  Turns out the spare key won't let me in the front door, and my phone died during my run as I had pandora playing.  It's also near midnight on a week day, so the idea of trying to pound on the door or yell for the roommate wasn't going to work.  I ran to a few bars looking for a phone charger, but only Jose pistola's was able to help... Even though I was in running clothes that I had sweat into.  Luckily I had a credit card on me, so I waited for my phone to charge so I could call the roommate, while enjoying a dirty martini right after my run, like any good runner should!  Excellent martini, more than friendly staff, and no problem charging my phone w a come as you are attitude.  Also found out that on Wed or Thurs upstairs is live music.  Note, bathrooms are on the third floor.I have given this place a shot a few times and each time it fails, mainly in the marg department. The margaritas are basically sour mix with cheap tequila thrown in there and if you get a flavored one they are clawingly sweet. The nachos are decent but not good enough to grant my return to Jose pistolas. Also their bathrooms are 3 flights of stairs up-something I don't wanna do after a couple of margs..WOW!! Fucking morons! I'm sorry but I was wearing high heels & it's my first time in Philly...didn't realize I was gonna be walking that much & my shoes got little uncomfortable after 30min of walking. The door guy said I was too drunk to get in BECAUSE I was uncomfortable in my shoes? WTF? Seriously you illiterate inconsiderate piece of ^%#*? Sorry i didn't know the only way to get in was to wear flats!! So fucking dumb & rude! I was sober & asked the guy to do a sobriety test but sure enough they're not smart enough to do that. What a waste of life!! Never again!This place has an interesting menu, which was a nice surprise. The infusion of Korean and Mexican cuisine was really delicious in the dishes I've sampled (Spicy Pork or Korean Rib Tacos...delicious)! Additionally, their margaritas are some of the best I've had. Guava Margarita Pitchers...all I have to say!I ordered chicken nachos to-go and I will not make that mistake again. The chicken was way too salty and the chips were super oily. To top it off, my bill was about 17$ and I didn't even get guac. 
Only coming back here for drinks in the future.I hate to give this place a great review because I don't want to start finding this hidden gem slammed, but I have to give it what it deserves.  This is a great neighborhood place.  The mexican food is great. Additionally, I think the real hidden treat comes in their non-mexican options.  Seriously!  The burger is out of this wold and the buffalo wings second to none.After horrible service at Monk's, we left and came here for lunch. Great beer selection, great service, great food.... Just an all around friendly, welcoming, fun place. Love it here!I'm actually disappointed in my recent trips to Jose Pistola's. The food is still good, but something has changed.
They got rid of the short rib option for nachos. Total mistake. No other meat on nachos has been as good! Also, I feel like there is less cheese and somehow the nachos are more oily.
I'm also not in love with the soggy sopas.
The tacos are still good and I really like the steamed buns.
I still like Jose Pistola's, just have less of a reason to go.I went to this bar with my bf for some quick late food and drinks. At first i wasn't expecting too much as we had to sit upstairs because it was too crowded (on a Sunday night). However, our bartender was great as he really took the time to explain  the menu and suggested some of his favorites plates. His suggestions were great and I was impressed with the margaritas. After that night we became regulars. thumbs up!! 
I highly recommend the chorizo quesadillas and the gigantic plate of nachos.I wish I could give a 4.5.  
Cool, hip, trendy bar scene with great food and beer.  Full bar downstairs AND upstairs.  The upstairs bar is actually bigger, with alot more dining room tables also.  
I love the beer selection, always changing their kegs to rotate tap selections.  Also good with keeping up with seasonal beers on tap!  Mad Elf, yes!  They also had some good pumpkins over October. 
The NACHOS are the BEST, you must order them!  I always get pork, add guacamole!  Huge portion sizes and loaded with toppings.  Best nachos in the city, don't miss out!
I also had a burrito once, was huge and very delicious.  I heard the fish tacos are too spicy, so I won't be trying those.  But the nachos, burrittos, beer, and atmosphere is enough to keep me coming back many times!I have been here several times.  Overall, I like the place.  Super low key and most of the food is good.  Great place if you're in the mood for tacos and margaritas without spending a ton of money.
Can't go wrong with: chips & guac, chicken tacos, shrimp tacos, grilled chicken sandwich
DON'T ORDER: pork tacos.  they serve you the dry ends rather than the moist shredded pork.  Haven't tried the pulled pork sandwich, but my guess is that this may be where the yummy stuff goes.  The taste isn't terrible, but you kinda have to choke down these tacos...Really great place for drinks and food. The bar food was amazing and so was my cocktail. Definitely recommend it if you're in Philadelphia.My boyfriend and I came here for a quick bite and a couple of beers. We split three hardshell beef tacos which were quite good! Everything on the menu looked appealing, so I guess I'll just have to go back again!
I was pleased with their draft beer list. They had a Chanukah beer! 
All in all, good service, nice ambiance, good food/drinks, and reasonably priced for a center city joint!Not sure why the average is 3.5. solid 4 to 4.5. the food might be underated. I've been pleasantly surprised 100% of the time. Braised lamb rice bowl is schwiiiiing!    Lady had the mahi mahi taco and of course I had to taste it. Delish! Be sure to get that lime squeeze in. Almost forgot... Chipotle squeeze bottle: add a couple of drops if you want to enhance (trust me though, you already get plenty flavor w/out!)This place has a kitchen open until 1 am which was an attractive feature. My bf and I headed in to try some tacos. We are from the area and wanted to try something different from our usual. We carded when walking in, it's in a younger area. There are two floors for seating. We opted to sit downstairs. The bar was full but not packed. The beer selection was nice and the margaritas had a variety. However, the margaritas tasted awful, no fresh lime, clearly using mixers, all sugar no taste. Was kinda bummed as I love tequila and a good marg. For a $9 price tag waste of money. As for the beer average price decent tap selection. The tacos were fresh, roasted chicken check it out really yummy as well as the freedom tacos. The chili was the winner, perfect spice, avocado, and decent portion. We ordered pico and chips never came. Our waitresses disappeared a good 15 minutes. Another one on her break came and filled as she saw we had no drinks for some time and a few things missing. Prices are average, pretty loud atmosphere and a couple tvs. I think if I was craving late night and I was drunk I would come in but it's really not my thing. Stick to the killer margs at dos segundos. If they got better margs and servers place could be worthwhile but for now I'll pass it's a shame Bc the food is nice.Awesome nacho's, beer and entrees!  We went with some friends who live in PHL.  I'd seen pictures of their evenings out there and couldn't wait to try the nachos!   They were piled high with spicy pork and lots of spice!   Entrees included burritos, Cieveche  and fish tacos.  Everything was served hot and fast.  Dave the waiter was awesome and nice on the eyes too!Fun atmosphere and some of the best nachos I've ever had! A nice change of pace. Our waitress was extremely friendly and punctual.This used to be a 5, but they changed the menu and raised the prices.  Good food, but more than I'd like to spend for a lunch out now...Jose Pistolas is great! Their margaritas and tacos are amazing. However, they recently took the pickle chips off the menu, which is really disappointing, and happy hour is now 4-6 PM instead of the typical (and more convenient) 5-7 PM. Both things are bummers, but I'll still probably come here when I can. The pork belly taco is delicious, and they have flavored margaritas available if you ask. The service is always friendly but not over-bearing -- in fact, I occasionally feel slightly neglected/forgotten around the time I really just want to get my bill. Overall though, it's a great, convenient, not too expensive place. Great to go with a group or just on a casual after work date.Food was awesome! Great place to try great Mexican! Highly recommend if in Philly. The short rib tacos are where it's at. Well priced too!This place was absolutely delicious. Probably the best Mexican food I've ever had. Really nothing else to say.