Food was great, the place was very clean and wait staff were attentive. While the prices are a little high as others noted, I feel that the portions and ambiance compensate adequately. We love the way its decorated. Excellent kosher food!It is a cozy place. Very Israeli, but the people that go are from all countries. Amazing food, topped with online Israeli radio. Which is a nice touch. There are two lighting settings, one is more of a bright family type lighting and the other is a great type of darken lighting perfect for dates. All in all great restaurant!I only come here for the shawarma. The reason is because it is the BEST place for shawarma in the city. I'm middle eastern and eating shawarma is my hobby. I have been to every place that serve shawarma in the city and this is the best place. Its not on the expensive side but it is worth it.I love this place you really can't go wrong the matter what you are it's always delicious the people that serve you are courteous and the bathroom is clean what more could you want.This was a surprise. 
Little place in a strip mall. 
Clean, plenty of parking.
Service with a smile.
And good clean authentic Israeli food.
Pricy but decent
Started with the hummus with mushroom and onions
Falafel appetizer plate
Israeli salad
All were excellent
Then everyone had in a lafa - Shawarma. Which was disappointing.
Wish I had room for dessert.
Next time!Always come for the Laffa Schwarama. Elan Kornblum was in today, so that was pretty cool!The food at Judah is some of the best. If you want GREAT Israeli food---this is the place. Clean and delicious.  I want to go back, before I even have left.
I only have ONE BIG COMPLAINT. THey are NOT GOOD if you want to use a credit card. I believe that the minimum is $30 or $40. Sometimes, I want to treat my office for lunch. Boy, I'd better bring cash. Bookkeeping becomes a problem, without being able to use credit cards.
I wish that they would just add on an additional fee fir charges less than $x.00.
Otherwise, a GEM of a restaurant. Chicken Schwarma--KOSHER---is tops!Had a very nice lunch today at Judah Mediterranean Grill!  We were looking for a good spot in Northwest Philly that was convenient for a business meeting.  Looked at Yelp, Mediterranean is a favorite, so we gave it a go!  Very casual spot in a small strip mall. Friendly service, loved the food.  Hardest thing was deciding what to order!Just tried Judah for the first time and really enjoyed my meal. The prices are reasonable, the food is done correctly, and the service is quick. I really enjoyed my experience there. Perfect lunch spot!Never had a shawarma before here so I can't compare to anyone else's, but it was pretty yummy. I'll allow my boyfriend to force me to come here again.  Service was great even though they had 2 large parties taking up most of the seating.Wow. Lunch today really exceeded my expectations. We chose Judah Mediterranean because they're kosher and vegan friendly. Everything was delicious and service was excellent. The stuffed grape leaves were my favorite along with the vegetables antipasti and spicy eggplant. Highly recommend!I have been eating there for years. We like to go there at least twice a month. Great place and delicious Israeli food!Pretty good but the chicken pita was just ok chicken tasted like a frozen Tyson beast.Delicious food!! Took my family there for a birthday dinner, as soon as i entered the restaurant it smelled amazing. I ordered the rib-eye steak. I Highly recommend it, the hummus was amazing and for an appetizer i ordered the falafel- the best i ever had. service was great, My son enjoyed his birthday and so did we. We love Judah's and recommend it to all out friends.If you have never lived or been to Israel, this is the type of food that is served in some of the local dining places in the negev. The Israeli salad is exactly like the salad served at Kopolski"s at The Dead Sea. We are vegan and this is the perfect place to enjoy a lunch or dinner. If you have never tasted good turkish coffee made to perfection stop and enjoy a cup.
                                                                      ShalomAwesome place! I have been craving Israeli food for so long! This place was just as good as Israel! The staff was very nice and I felt like I was back in Israel it was just great!Terrible food and very expensive. The only reason why this place has high ratings is because of the lack of competition for this kosher restaurant and the low standard of religious customers. Disgusting.I learned one important thing from eating here - I don't need to eat liver again. I wanted to try it one last time, I did, I think I'm set for life now - that taste really stays in your mind. It was prepared very well, this is not a slight on the restaurant, I'm just saying....
We're not Jewish and so didn't know that although this restaurant is a byob, no wine is kosher (unless it's been prepared super specially). But, our waitress informed us that all beer is kosher, so we popped to the pizza place next door to get beer. Apparently they don't allow anything nonkosher in their restaurant even if they aren't the ones drinking it. Non-kosher vapor smells? bad mojo? I dont know- but, it's their place so.....
Sadly because we were there on for dinner they do lot allow you to order any sandwhiches, pitas, or shwarmas. So we had to get full on meals even though I had read that the shwarma was the thing to get.
So my partner got the mixed meat grill (with liver) and I got a meditteranean platter of hummus, pita, babaganoosh, etc. It was very good and fresh.
The prices are really high though. I live in Philly and we have a lot of halal places that serve similar foods - shwarma, shiskebobs, pitas, etc .. and they are abour 1/3 of the price here. Might be because we had to both order full meals. 
Still, just 2 of us - no apps and no dessert it was over $50. And this is not a 'fancy' place. 
Not the place to go for a romantic meal either - it is all one room, lots of families with lots of kids.We came down from New York to Sesame Place.  3 families. We were looking for a good restaurant to have dinner.  Kosher grill seemed to be the way to go. We all order different dishes.  All dishes were top quality.  Side salads as well.  We will be back!Judah is delicious and luckily right around the corner from me!!  Having spent much time in Israel i can say without a doubt it's the real deal. It's kinda small but the decor is really cute!!! I really enjoyed the ambiance and the Israel radio.  Order the falafel in a laffa, it's amazing. The schug (spicy sauce) is a little ketchup-y for my taste, and the prices are a little high for the amount that you get, but overall it's really tasty and a great place to have lunch.  Babaganoush comes with piping hot, fresh pita bread!! Turkish coffee is wonderful too.The best hummus in Philly !!!
Definitely coming back to this please everything that I ordered it was perfect !!!worst place ive been to. I cant believe how bad and horrible it was. There hummus was disgusting, and there pita tasted very weird. There service was horrible too. Staff were rude, I couldnt wait to leave that place.
Dont call your food mediterranean because its not! peace of shit!Came here with friends the food was great service was amazing and staff were friendly. Baby chicken rice and salad was a real Mediterranean combo! I highly recommend this place!!!Amazing food, fresh, tender, tasty..., not too oily , spiced to perfection.
The Shwarma is perfect. So is shish- kebab. 
Service is Excellent!
Bottom line awesome food!!!!!!!
I defitly recommend, if you looking for a awesome Israeli restaurant? This is the place.This past Wednesday, I had my first experience with Israeli food at Judah. I was a little nervous going in but an Israeli client of mine was taking my wife and I out to celebrate our recent wedding, and he insisted that this place was authentic and delicious. I can't vouch for the authenticity, but I can definitely confirm the deliciousness!
We started off with pitas a slew of different salads. The potato salad, carrot salad, israeli salad, and roasted eggplant salad were all great. I'm ususally not a big fan of potato salad OR carrots, but the way they are prepared here changed my mind at first bite. The pitas were perfect. Warm and flavorful, they were the ideal vessel to scoop up bites of the different salads.
From there we moved on to a roasted eggplant appetizer, house made hummus and a falafel platter. The eggplant was unlike anything I have tasted. Very savory and smothered in a creamy and tasty sauce. The hummus was easily the best i've had, although i've only had Sabra and other store bought brands. The falafel..i'm struggling to put into words how great these were. Let's just say I wish I had about 75 of them in front of me now.
For our main entree the wife had salmon and I went with the chicken shawarma. The wife loved her salmon. She couldn't rave enough about it, and salmon is her go to fish when she's feeling so inclined. The chicken shawarma piled over rice with a bit of israeli salad mixed in, is SENSATIONAL. The chicken is seasoned to perfection and roasted, then thinly sliced into piles on your plate. I have been thinking about it periodically (every 10 minutes) for the last 3 days. I need it in my life again..and soon.
The interior is nice but won't blow you away. I'd probably elevate this place to 5 stars if they update the dining area. That being said, if you live in the Northeast Philly area, or you don't, or you just want to try Israeli food for the first time, check out Judah! They say you always remember your first, this place is no exception.Unbelievably fresh and delicious!! I love everything but salmon kabobs especially. It's my new favorite place.Upon walking in, my family and I got the kind of double take gringos in predominantly ethnic establishments often get, but fortunately the waitstaff didn't bat an eye. Now I know how all the white guys walking into Indian restaurants feel, sorry guys!
Anyways, Judah's food is for the most part rather enjoyable. The breads are incredibly fresh, perfectly toasted on the outside, and pillowy soft. They nearly melt in your mouth and the flavor lingers for quite some time. This applies to both the pita and the lafta, although I preferred the slightly thinner and softer lafta more. The hummus, though presented very elegantly, failed to impress flavorwise. Texturally it was quite creamy with just the right amount of grit to let you know you were eating chickpeas, but it needed the punch of good olive oil and a little more salt to carry it further. The complimentary pickled cauliflower and carrots were pleasantly tangy and crisp. My shawarma lafta was HUGE, bigger and more filling than a Chipotle burrito. Although the lafta was delicious, it was way too big for one person. The chicken was exquisitely spiced and the contrast between the crisp outer bits and tender inner bits was fantastic. My parents' falafel was perfectly crunchy on the outside and wonderfully soft and moist on the inside. The slightly sweet, spicy, and hearty fritters paired excellently with the sandwiches' condiments. 
Service was uneven, our waitress for the first half was apathetic but her tag-team partner for the second was friendly and pleasant. Judah's a bit heavy on the wallet but the food's quality is great, as attested to by the huge weeknight dinner crowd. Definitely stop by here for a great Middle Eastern sandwich on wonderful bread.If you're looking for the real deal in Kosher food, this is the place. The salads alone are worth the visit. Service is great and very attentive. The menu has many choices. 
And you have to finish with the Baklava and Turkish coffee.Love it!  It is a rare treat for us to find a kosher restaurant that isn't a vegetarian restaurant. So when we stumbled across this place, we were so excited. Judah's did not disappoint. Although it was crowded, loud and we had to wait for a table, we were very pleased with the food and the welcoming waiter. Next time we are in Philadelphia we will certainly be back.Reminds me of Israel! Excellent food, overpriced but definitely worth it once in a while! Never had a bad experience!The best hummus in Philly !!!
Definitely comment back to this please everything that I ordered it was perfect !!!Amazing Israeli cuisine! My family and I have been going to Judah for several years now and are never disappointed. I always make sure I get the Shawarma--it's so tender and well cooked! The Israeli salad is always fresh and flavorful. Service is always friendly!Small, home-y place. Awesome lafa.Pricey but obscenely delicious. 5* for food, had schwarma and lamb kofta in a pita. Very filling compared to other similar pitas.We've been going here practically since they opened five years ago since I consider their shawarma one of the best in the city.When the wife called and suggested we go have dinner at Judah's tonight,I was game as always.
After five years of getting my favorite shawarma, I decided to try off the specials board since I spotted liver and onions.I ordered it with a side of green beans and a side of zucchini.
This was the best liver and onions I have ever had and i've had plenty. The large amount of perfectly cooked and seasoned liver was smothered in tender,not mushy, seasoned onions. I always like the veggie sides here.They are never the boring plain oiled or steamed you find everywhere. The green beans with chopped onion was in a light sauce flavored with a hint of tomato that accented the beans instead of overpowering them with that acidic tomato tidal wave you get in many tomato base sauces.The zuke was cut in big thick pieces in an olive oil ,turmeric and other spices sauce that was great. I was stuffed after this meal and at 6'3 and 335lbs, it takes some food to fill up.
So,I now have a new favorite at Judah's and if you love liver and onions,you need to get there.Looking forward to the next five years LOLI've eaten here four to five times, as it fills a niche of Israeli food very nicely.  The atmosphere is homey and the staff pleasant.  The food ranges from good to very good, with most dishes quite tasty.  Quantities are generous.  Judah may lack the gourmet feel of Zahav, but it lacks the pretentiousness and high prices as well.  They both have their place, but for a causal lunch or dinner in an inviting venue with reliably good food, Judah earns its place as a regular on my list.Love Judah!
Came here a while ago with a big group of people and honestly, no one liked it as much as my wife and I did. The service was fine, the decor was nothing special.
The food though - terrific. I've been here a few times, and each time I get something different. The kafta kabobs and the shawarma are what I remember the most though. They were some of the best I've ever had. I don't how some people don't like this food. Yes, it's expensive, but it's just full of flavor, juicy, just everything you want in a meal. The bread is warm and fluffy; the hummus is creamy, the meat is high quality and cooked to perfection. 
It's Kosher, so it's great if you are or have to eat with people who are. For me, it's annoying because they're closed on Friday night and Saturdays. I'm not sure if they open up after Shabbat on Saturday night, but I think I remember checking and they don't.
Also, make sure you're coming with someone who eats meat. As far as vegetarian items are concerned, there isn't a lot to choose from. The wife used to eat only vegetarian and fish, and the only thing she could eat here was the falafel. I don't know that fish is generally only served with dairy and this is a meat restaurant, but there's no reason (that I know of) why they can't serve fish. I've been to plenty a kosher restaurant that does serve fish with meat.Had a catered meal from Judahs tonight for a Moroccan Purim.  Enjoyed it very much, hope to check out the restaurant soonIf ever want to see what a cafe in downtown Jerusalem is like dine at judah's. The menu is extensive . My wife and I are vegan so we have to find places that prepare food that is vegan. The wait staff is friendly and the food is worth putting this restaurant on your once a week list. Shalom shalomI am absolutely obsessed with their shnitzel in a lafa or in a pita! I've been coming here for my fix for many years. My family comes from the far suburbs just for the shwarma. 
I took my boyfriend here one afternoon and he introduced me to the lafa. He was so excited about it because he hadn't seen it anywhere but in Israel. They are a bit pricey but it's really the only place around that we like and it's kosher, so it's worth it. If they keep making the shnitzel I'll keep coming.I'm in from out of town and finding an Israeli restaurant somewhat near by my hotel was really nice. The waitresses were extremely attentive and kind. I seated right away and immediately received my menu. Food also came quickly and was very good. Hummus was more tahini based (hard to taste the chickpeas) but was decent with mushrooms and onions. Ended the meal with chocolate rum cake balls and Turkish coffee.One word: AMAZING! Best Israeli food in Philly. Very authentic.Fantastic, fresh, middle eastern cuisine, Glatt Kosher, very clean and friendly. Nice, family friendly atmosphere and service, cute interior. More like an upscale deli inside, no tablecloths, but perfect for what it is. Really delicious kabobs, rice, amazing Tahina and hot sauce.The food here is great. I had the lamb kafta kabob in a lafa and devoured it. Ask for extra hot sauce if you like it spicy.  My kid had a burger from kids menu, but it's big enough adults.
Service took a little longer than usual, but overall I  recommend it!Good food.  $40 minimum credit or debit charge.  The credit card company charges this business higher fees than other companies.Great and fast service. Very accommodating to my food allergy concern. Food came out fast. Chicken schwarma has lamb in it. Babaganoush an hummus is good. Israeli salad is very refreshing. Rum balls are good too.Excellent service from a young college kid getting ready to go back to school. 
Unfortunately, I just had this sandwich in Italy, and then in NYC after wandering off the street because it looked amazing. I was hoping carefully searching for a place with chicken shwarma would provide an even better result than my random find.
For some reason, I didn't take the name into consideration, and when I saw Mediterranean Restaurant, I was surprised to find out they only serve Israeli food. That means no tatziki sauce. Tahini and hummus instead. Not the worst thing, but a surprise. 
The chicken shwarma did come off of the spit. It was ok.. the pieces were a bit thin and lacking in salt. The pita bread is packaged--it  was soft but really lacked that homemade/fresh flavor and feel. In Philly, I always thought the bread makes the sandwich...
I was disappointed that the lamb kabob was actually like little fried/grilled lamb sausage patties. They were red (raw) in the center so I had to send them back. They were pink the second time around. 
They did send out some pickled vegetables. I never had vegetables I didn't like before until I tried these. Not too many places give you something like that for free, just for being a dining guest, so I definitely won't knock them for not liking them. In fact, that was one detail I definitely liked.Oh how I love this place! The most authentic Israeli restaurant in Philly. The shawarma, falafel and sabich are very authentic and highly recommended.Loved the atmosphere, staff was very friendly and the food was OUT OF THIS WORLD! A friend posted a pic on FB and I knew we'd be checking it out and we we're NOT disappointed. The hummus was the best I've ever had and the falafel was incredible. I'd definitely recommend the carrot and cabbage side dish and save room for some rum balls for dessert!Food was excellent. Wonderful atmosphere, great Israeli music, and the service was great and lightning fast. The portions were so big! If I come back to Philly! I'm definitely making a stop here.This Is my frist time here and the place is pretty small and cozy. The service here was great and the food came out fast.  It's BYOB but make sure it's something kosher or they won't let you drink it. Everything was delicious but my roasted eggplant app was AMAZING. Very good food, will be back.This place is in a strip mall and will surprise you.  It has a "deli" type of feel to it with tables in the front for you to sit and eat.  I also enjoyed the eclectic decorations.  You don't go to this place for ambiance, you go for good food.   Wow do they have delicious food!
We ordered the lunch special and it came with a lot of food including vegetable soup, warm bread, meat and two sides.  We had the baby chicken and shawarma for the meats.  
The shawarma is a mix of lamb and chicken.  This such a delicious and tender shawarma.  My partner has tried a lot of shawarma from a variety of places and he stated that "this was one of the best shawarma he has ever had."  The tahini sauce was spot on.  The white rice was cooked perfectly and was yummy.  Trust me, I am very critical of rice being an experience Latina rice cooker.  
I was surprised at the high prices on the menu but, after we ate the food, we decided that it was well worth the price for the care that went into the food.  
This was authentic Mediterranean food.  I hope you will enjoy it as much as we did!
The waitress (possibly the owner's daughter?) was so sweet and provided excellent service.  See you guys again.I ordered Shawarma, a main course from the menu. $18.95 it's really high price for such a small portion, with 2 tiny sides of Maroccan Carrots (cut too thick) & Purple Cabbage salad (just a cabbage mixed with mayo) both tasteless. The dish served with fresh pita bread (the best part so far) and Tahini sauce that was too watery. 
Big disappointment, especially since there are not many restaurants in the area serving Middle Eastern food.Uh I think I went to the wrong place? Got take out. Had very high hope for this place. The girl was very friendly. First it's very very expensive which I don't mind if the food is good. The food here is meh. The shawarma was very very dry.  The falafel is very crisp and tasty.  The baba is ok. Not the best I've had but it's ok. The pita is good not great. Better if it was served warm though. Overall wasted $25 for this and not happy.Great service! Good food. Had beef kabob and added sauted mushrooms. Very good and soft beef. Ate outdoors, was comfortable with a lanai to shade us from sun.  The kids for chicken shnitzel from kids menu. Was nice and KrispyGood location and very easy parking.   I was looking for a Mediterranean restaurant and because of the reviews I thought I would try it.
I ordered the falafel in a Lafa. A Lafa is a very large pita , around 10 inches long.  It included hummus, salad and tahini.  I have to say this was probably one of the best I've had. 
Be prepared to share one of these with someone or order the smaller one on a pita.  I ate half and was very full. I took the other half home to enjoy for dinner. 
The only thing I felt was excessive was the $40.00 minimum charge for using a credit card.  They obviously want you to pay in cash.  A bonus to this restaurant is that it is  kosher.  
I will go back although next time i'll  bring cash.shawarma plate on top of fresh hummus.... glass bottled coke and grilled pita... do i need say more??  this place is a must for all you meat lovers. a taste of israel right in the heart of philly.  excellentnice people, great soups, nice falafel, awsome pita and laffe.After waiting 45 minutes for a green salad that was never served, I was charged $4.05 for a glass of soda and slice of pita bread when I cancelled my order. Poo, poo, poo; shame on you.Judah has Great tasting Shawarma and Kabobs. Tastes always fresh. Authentic Israeli food in NE PhillyWe stopped in to inquire about their catering services; Yallie was very informative, friendly, and patient with us!very good food and service, being there so many times mostly for lunch. little pricey but we love the love so we don't mindYUCK!!! I heard such great things about this place. I was so excited to try it as I'm Middle Eastern and grew up in Montreal where there is plenty of great Middle Eastern food to be had. 
I ordered the Hummus small appetizer and it came out with about as much oil on the plate as Hummus. Ewww. Pita was good and hot, but you couldn't get any Hummus on it without a bunch of oil on it too. It was more like Oil and Hummus instead of Hummus with a little dash of oil for flavor. Hummus had a good taste, but the oil just ruined it for me.
I then ordered the Shawarma, with rice and beet salad on the side. Plain white rice, loaded with salt. Beet salad was totally bland. 
Shawarma was...well...I don't know what it was. It was more like Meat Jerky chips submerged in oil and a TON of salt. Very chewy, dry and didn't look like any kind of meat I had ever seem. It also had curry on it. A lot of Curry.  Curry??? Really??? I know what curry looks and tastes like and when you're plate is dripping in bright yellow oil, that's all it can really be. This is NOT Shawarma...not by a long shot. 
Absolutely TERRIBLE meal. $30 too. Ouch.I was very anxious to try Mediterranean food for weeks because of all the pictures I came across searching for a place to try. Finally picked this place. It was closer to my home. The hummus and falafel was very good. I enjoyed it! I ordered the steak kabob lafa. A little disappointed it was very dry. I'm not sure if I want to give this place another try.Great food, terrible customer service.  $40 minimum on a credit card ???!??!?!? And the credit card machine is always down.  Just lost a loyal customer :(My new favorite middle eastern food! My family and I ordered the appetizer platter (hummus, Israeli salad, falafel, fries), lunch special (shawarma, cold slaw, fries, vegetable soup), shawarma in a pita, and Judah burger. They all tasted amazing. Fresh and crisp. Pita bread was heaven in carb form. Loved the hummus! The chef and the owner both came by our table personally to see if we enjoyed our meal. Service was great. The place is small but so cozy and comfortable.My husband and I rarely eat out, but when we do we choose Judah's grill. The food is consistently great. Today we tried a special appetizer; the Korean cauliflower. It was amazing. The waitress described it as sweet and spicy, she was right on!
Their burgers are also one of my favorites!This place was AMAZING!! The falafel was perfect--crispy on the outside and soft and flavorful on the inside. The schwarma was also amazing. It was so flavorful and tasted amazing with the different sauces and vegetables on pita. All around great!Good  food but the prices are a bit too high , that's the only reason I'm rating it a 3 Star . I payed $34 for 2 chicken sandwiches , which in reality were large portions but still very pricey for some chicken and pita . But very authentic food nonetheless .Used to be my favorite but the prices have gone from high to out of this world. If the prices drop and catch up with reality I'll be sure to be here more oftenThis is by far my favorite place to go to when I'm craving a taste of home (Israel!) Whether I'm craving pita and salads or shawarma and hummus, I know I'm always going to be satisfied at Judah's. 
Not only is the food amazing, but the staff is the best and super friendly! The place has such good vibes with the decor and home-feels. 
Would recommend to anybody looking for an amazing meal in the northeast!Delicious food, pleasant & friendly service! The price is worth the amazing taste. 
Worth the visit even if you're not kosher.
This is the only restaurant in Philadelphia & New Jersey area that recalls the taste of the the great food from Israel.Best falafel in the northern hemisphere. I love the pickled cauliflower they bring while you wait for the food. The shawarma is excellent. Everything I have had here is fresh and delicious. The salads are chopped perfectly. The service is great. Only wish they were open on Friday night.... but then that wouldn't be kosher!Today was my first visit but not my last. My Dad and I had a wonderful lunch and can't wait to sample the rest of the menu. The restaurant was very clean,the staff was lovely and our meal was delicious! Everyone should be just as happy as we were. Thanks for a great experience.If you like good, fresh, Israeli food, this place is yummy.  Everything is genuine, from the Shwarma that's sliced off of a vertical, rotating spit, to the amazing hummus and kebabs, and even to the Israeli-style pita.  The atmosphere is more like a deli, and the food is fairly expensive, but it is also kosher and excellent.I want to love this place because I enjoyed the vibe and service, but the food I chose, while well-prepared and probably top-notch, wasn't my preference. The hummus was good but I've had better (this was a little bland for my taste). The shawarma lafa was the biggest thing I've seen since I saw that whale penis at the Georgia Aquarium. It weighed at least 5 pounds - no shorter than a foot. So, you do get some of your money's worth. Coke in a bottle too - score.I love the food great service beautiful atmosphere best shawarma best hummus highly recommendedLove this cafe! Good selection and authentic food!
Could be cheaper though. And the lamb kebab is very tasty.My wife and I ate here. We both had the schwamma with cole slaw & stewed zuccini with a pita.We have had this dish in other restaurants. It tasted different but still tasty and delicious. We would recommend this establishment in the future.I finally got takeout from this restaurant after wanting to dine here for years. I always think about eating here on Friday or Saturday nights, and that's when they are closed! When I finally ate their food, it was delicious. I ordered multiple dishes and liked them all. The dining space is small and humble, but the food is great. The shakshuka was my favorite part. I look forward to eating here in the future.
I went back today with my mom. I got shakshuka again, but she got a sampler platter that I sampled! It had falafel (crispy and delicious), hummus (as good as Solomonov's), lamb/chicken shawarma (so flavorful and moist), and Israeli salad (fresh and so good on a hot day.) I'll order that next time I go! What a great restaurant.