Chef Kevin Sbraga knows fried chicken. My first exposure to his succulent birds was the hot chicken at The Fat Ham. Lo and behold, his lavender honey fried chicken tops its spicy cousin. The chicken is brined in buttermilk, dredged in seasoned flour and sits for ten minutes. It's then coated with a second round of flour and dropped into the fryer. The chicken (breast, wing, thigh, drumstick) is drizzled with lavender honey and sprinkled with salt and ground pink peppercorns. It comes with a buttermilk biscuit, whipped honey-thyme butter, and red bliss potato salad. It is some of the best fried chicken I've eaten in a long time. Crunchy, crispy coating on the outside with a juicy, moist inside. The sweet honey glaze is truly outstanding and finger lickin' good. The biscuit is awesome. I would definitely order this dish again and again. I got the salty but delicious fried smelts with chili pepper aioli as an appetizer. My friend Chris W got the filet mignon and butter poached king crab surf and turf. For dessert, I had a slice of salted pecan pie and he had the ice cream sundae. Every dish at Juniper Commons was top-notch. Chef Sbraga does it again!Pros:
-Superb cheeseburger - thick, evenly cooked, (almost) medium rare, nice sauce, soft bun
-Tasty (complimentary) zucchini bread
-Good service
-Good G+T selection
-Cool ambience
-Downstairs from my apartment
Cons:
-Expensive
-Per wife, the waitress "seemed disappointed" that we only ordered cheeseburgers (this was not verified, status as a "con" is under review)
Looking forward to going back.This place is off the hook! One of the only places in the world where it's cool for a man to order a wine cooler. Little necks, Cesar salad, beef fat fries, baked chicken were all amazing. Must check this place out!Love this place!  Stopped in for a drink and a snack on Valentine's Day.  The staff was friendly and accommodating.  We sat at the bar and chatted with the bartender a bit.  Loved the decor and the fact they only show 80s movies on their TV.  We had beef fat fries - life changing - so good! Overall great experience!Very good food but expect it to be pricey. Portions were average. Menu is limited. Service was attentive and friendly.thought the food here was very good, but my gripe was with the service.  when my entree came out, i ordered a beer to go with it.  unfortunately, i didn't get that beer until i had finished eating.  i ordered the prime rib which was great, but the wedge salad was my favorite part of the meal.  i'd give this place 3.5 stars if i could because of the service, but i'll round up because of the food.  i'm hoping the service is fixed and am giving them the benefit of the doubt because they just opened.Great place to go if you like inventive, or just gin, cocktails! The bar and lounge area are both very cute and cozy. Everything was mediocre after. Sat at the chef's seating area at 9pm Saturday night and it took over 2 and a half hours to get in and out. Waited 15 minutes for our drinks. Our server was extremely flakey. Waited over 20 minutes for her to buzz on back to us with the check...after 11pm. Not worth it.Went for the Sunday jazz brunch. Love the atmosphere and the service was great! The french toast and the eggs, bacon and potatoes were delicious! My boyfriend doesn't usually eat potatoes/home fries with his breakfast but he loved them. The french toast was one really thick piece of brioche and topped with homemade strawberry compote and whipped cream. Delicious! We split a slice of cheesecake which was decent, but don't expect a slice of NY style cheesecake (my personal favorite). This is much lighter and not very sweet and topped with a dusting of cinnamon. The drinks are good too. They give one complimentary glass of champagne during brunch and then we ordered cocktails. My champagne cocktail was good but my boyfriend's Easy Like Sunday Morning gin cocktail was awesome! A great blend of flavors. I'm curious now to try dinner since that's the ultimate test, but as of right now they get 5 stars for an excellent brunch.80s themed food with a slant towards gin cocktails? Yes, please, sign me up! Unfortunately, my visit to Juniper Commons fell short. I've enjoyed all of Kevin Sbragas restaurants in the past and frequent them often but this seems like a misstep. 
The space is large and open with rust and gold hues dominating the interior. The service was good, friendly and attentive. The cocktails were tasty and the menu gin heavy...so far so good. The issue came with the food and I felt, in the end, I would have been better served at the local diner. For $80 before tip, we sampled a cup of lobster bisque, the deconstructed corned beef "sandwhich," the brussel sprouts side and the bbq ribs (5 small ribs.) The highlight was the charred brussel sprouts and that's not enough to get me back. The ribs were overcooked, the cole slaw accompaniment tastless, and the overall dish overly priced ($26!) Nothing wowed me at all and for the price tag I wanted something to be great. Right? 
I'll still enjoy Fat Ham and Sbraga but don't think I'll return to Juniper Commons.It is ok. Nothing special. Drinks are good but they advertise 80's food. Well it was  2014 prices with 2014 quantity. I had the salmon, it was good but 23 dollars for a small piece of salmon with some three bean salad. My date had the 26 dollar lobster roll that had eight French fries. I was expecting 80's proportions at 2014 pricing. The only thing 80's was the movie on the tv. The food took forever the Caesar salad table side was expensive for what you received.Menu was so electric it was confusing, which matched the multi-period/architecture hodgepodge.
Beyond that-we were excited for the food. My BFF's steak was cooked poorly-meaning it was well done and he ordered medium rare. That though, wasn't ultimately the issue. When the bill came, we both gasped as we learned that his 32oz steak was a whopping $100-at place that dos not rival Barclay Prime in elegance or in substance.
When we inquired about said price, we were met with defensiveness  vs a respect for our surprise and bewilderment. If our waitress had been forthcoming with the price-which the GM said they commonly do not disclose-he would not have ordered the steak.
In the end, we compromised on an amount for the steak, but our collective pallets, minds, and hearts were ultimately disappointed especially for an establishment that bears Kevin Spraga's name. 
With so many restaurants in the city, we're spoiled-so we don't take this lightly. Sorry, Sbraga.I am not one to listen to reviews when it comes to restaurants or movies and I am glad I didn't. I went with a friend to the restaurant and from the minute we sat down we couldn't have been more impressed. We started with the clams casino which were the best I ever tasted. Caesar salad table side was perfectly executed and tasted delicious. Our waiter Tom was one step ahead of us the whole time and never missed a beat when it came to meeting our every request. Kevin Spraga knew what he was doing when he hired Tom. Scallops with parsnip purée were perfectly done. The restaurant is beautiful. Great bar and lots of Gin to choose from. I am so glad, once again, that  I chose to not listen to reviews and try for myself. Don't miss this restaurant, it's a keeper!I have been to Juniper Commons for both brunch and dinner.
The brunch menu is very small but everything we ate tasted good, not very interesting but I guess that is the 80's vibe as I remember it.  There was a jazz band playing loud, like Van Halen loud. It was hard to hear the other people at the table.
I met some friends for dinner a couple weeks later, and we were mostly dissapointed. A couple of us got the cobb salad. Don't do that. I was looking forword to getting the very 80's prime rib even for over 30 dollars.  The prime rib was huge, but it came with no sides.  In case you weren't there, never ever would you get a dish in the 80's without some kind of side. The meat also was so tough that it was a task to chew and there was a part of the center that you could not chew it at all. My dinning companions said the fried chicken was pretty good but the lobster roll was very salty and small for 18 dollars. 
The bar area is cool looking and the gin cocktail list is impressive, but the food did not live up to high bar set by Sabraga, and I don't need to relive dinning in my formative years badly enough to return.I'm a big fan of Top Chef winner Kevin Sbraga and his eponymous restaurant at the Symphony House - Sbraga. So it's a no-brainer that the GF and I would check out Juniper Commons, his 80's themed outpost across the street. The GF loves any themed concept, but I'm down with any Chef that can turn out a deliciously decadent foie gras soup.
So we pushed past all the negativity surrounding the supposedly regressive concept and decided to stop by for a pre-theater dinner. Some say the 1980s was one of the ugliest decades for decor, but the design here was still sleek and open. They even have a fire pit in the open kitchen - perfect to roast a prime rib or a 32 oz. steak.
Bread Service
Zucchini bread
Service started off with some zucchini bread, provided with a pat of butter topped with sea salt. Moist and studded with raisins and walnuts, this was a delicious, yet surprisingly sweet start to the meal. 
Pimm's Cup [$12]
Pimms, lemon, cucumber, strawberry
The GF can't be denied her Pimm's Cup and Juniper Commons' iteration was appropriately fruity, light, and refreshing.
Point Breeze [$12]
Bluecoat gin, grapefruit, rose 
Considering the name of the restaurant and the theme, you'd expect a great gin program which Juniper Commons has in spades. This tipple featured Philly-based Bluecoat. The floral notes were rendered more complex with the addition of grapefruit and rose. Himalayan pink salt studded the rim.
Peel n' Eat Shrimp Cocktail [$15]
Cocktail sauce, lemon
These Florida Sun shrimp were nicely poached, shell-on. The GF wasn't a fan of working for her food, but we both enjoyed these substantial and snappy crustaceans nonetheless. The accompanying cocktail sauce was sweet, with a nice horseradish kick.
Fried Smelts [$8]
Chili pepper aioli, lemon
While not exactly this year's pork belly, you do see fried smelts gaining ground. And why not? It's the perfect salty bar snack for those who enjoy fish. Head-on, these fishy fries were aggressively seasoned and had a thin, crisp batter, with the bones within offering even more texture. The chili pepper aioli had some acid and kick to balance out the weight of the flaky and meaty fish. 
Eggplant Fritters [$16]
Eggplant relish, mozzarella curds, pomodoro sauce    
This dish was definitely redolent with the components of eggplant parm. The pomodoro sauce was well developed with the fresh herbs providing additional flavor. The mozzarella curds were chewy nuggets of gold. Still, the eggplant was inconsistently cooked. The relish was great - well roasted and packed with seasoning. But a few of the crispy fritters showcased eggplant that was extremely chewy and gummy, rather than tender. A decent dish that could have been better executed.
Lobster Roll [$26]
Mayo, celery salt, drawn butter, chives, potato roll
On the other hand, the GF's lobster roll was top notch. It doesn't get better than a perfectly buttered and toasted potato roll, packed with huge chunks of sweet lobster with minimal dressing. A pat of pickled veggies provided some balance between bites. Almost overshadowing the lobster roll were the beef fat fries. Thick-cut and properly fried, each bite was lightly crisp, yet melted upon mastication. In fact, one of the servers who stopped by to chat described them as being seductive. Considered me seduced.
Pinot Noir Wine Cooler [$9]
Apple brandy, blackberry 
There wasn't a dessert menu on hand, but of the few offerings rattled off by our server, none seemed to surpass our need for a Salty Pimp from Big Gay Ice Cream next door. Still, I had to end the meal with one of Juniper Commons' wine coolers - bottled in-house, sparkling, and slightly chilled. This was easy drinking - light fruit with a brandy buttress. 
Service as a whole was very good, with a friendly hostess and a manager that stopped by to check on things. While there were some inconsistencies in the eggplant dish, everything else was well-executed and delicious. For the naysayers, I don't think the point is to blow you away with creative twists on classics. They're classics for a reason. The lobster rolls are done right and their raw bar is fresh. I highly recommend popping in during Happy Hour for some fried smelts and a drink or two. Lastly, you're failing at life if you don't order the beef-fat fries.I hold Kevin Sbraga near and dear to my heart. The guy is a culinary genius trying to make it in a city where impeccable food is just a stones throw away. Sbraga on Pine and Broad has already made a name for itself with its tasting menu, and who could blame the guy for trying to create a themed restaurant centered around something as broad as the 80's?
Well K.Sbrags, you did it and I couldn't be prouder. Your NEW menu kicks major ass... this American fare with a new twist on old classics is exactly what your restaurant needed to take it to the top of this foodie haven we call Philadelphia.
The only thing I really want to talk about is the Soft Shell Crab Sandwich. Good job teasing us with summer fare. On buttery sourdough bread with shaved white onions, tartar sauce and a huge soft shell crab, this is delectable. Did I forget to mention the jalapenos? Oh that's right, they are jalapeno business.
The atmosphere at Juniper Commons is casual yet upscale. The chefs counter is amazing, be sure to sit by the rotisserie and watch these chefs do their thing. You'll be salivating at the plethora of meats being chargrilled in front of you. 
If you like gin cocktails, you've come to the right spot; they are all delicious.
Do yourself a favor and stop by Juniper Commons for a retro feel. If you aren't singing Madonna by the time you leave, you're doing it wrong.I stopped in tonight for cocktails. I first asked for a mudslide and the bartender stated he could not make it. I then asked for a white russian and he stated he could not make that either. Finally, I thought that I would ask for something that I knew they could make, a chocolate martini. Wrong! They could not even make a simple chocolate martini.The food and service were excellent. Thought the price point was too high for a casual 'period' menu. The restaurant is large and attractive but I wouldn't recommend based on price.This place is awesome! I went today with 3 other girls for the Jazz brunch and loved it!
The service was really really great! Our waitress made sure we always had everything we needed and was very thorough with explanations. Two of us got the egg breakfast with potatoes and two of us got the fried egg BLT. The two who ordered the egg breakfast were asked how well done they'd like their scrambled eggs. I've never heard of a place asking this but am happy that someone does, I hate runny scrambled eggs! Unfortunately both of the girls who got this dish said it was too salty. The two of us who got the egg BLT really enjoyed it! It's a bit messy (to be expected) and mine could've used more lettuce but overall good. The bacon wasn't quite crispy enough for my tastes but I didn't specify so that's on me. It was high quality bacon, though. Delicious. Was served with steak fries. 
I also had hot lemon ginger tea and a chocolate cherry pastry that was made Fresh this morning in their own kitchen. The carrot cake was good according to my friends but the icing wasn't cream cheese which is what they wanted. The sticky bun was also reportedly delicious. 
The decor is a lot of fun and the live jazz music is a nice touch. And they gave us each a complimentary flute of champagne! Prices were reasonable, $21 each after tax & tip which covered 4 entrees, 4 pastries and my hot tea. Loved it and can't wait to go back to try dinner!The BEST ribs anywhere. The poutine? Well, NOT in the Quebec style. Still wonderful. Great, attentive service. Though I can't get comfortable with, 'Are you still WORKING on that?' Go! A PJ Hotpick. -- HotspurPlace closed shortly after we visited for the first time. The service was really great! We especially loved the caesar salad that was built next to your table. The food ranged from OK to good, but nothing that I would rave about.We went to Juniper Commons for brunch on Saturday and unfortunately were not impressed.  They don't serve the kids menu they advertise online during brunch, because they think they have enough options for kids.  We ordered the French toast and eggs and bacon for them...the French toast isn't something kids would eat (it's a block of cream soaked bread with tons of strawberry jam on it - much too decadent even for adults).  My kids ate French fries, bacon and eggs.    The staff didn't offer any substitutions and even charged me to replace breakfast potatoes with regular French fries
I ordered the salad bar, which was all for show.  At least it wasn't too expensive...but It wasn't anything fancy after you assembled it all.  My husband got the roast beef au jus...without au jus.  It came with ketchup, actually.  Was that supposed to be a funny 80s thing (ketchup as the au jus)?  
They don't advertise that they're kid friendly, so perhaps I was asking for too much. But, for us, too, it was a blah experience...$80 later and we decided it'd be the last $80 we'd spend at JC.So. .. this place is like totally bitchin. 
I've been dying to check this place out because I'm a big fan of Sbraga's but I just couldn't get excited about the dinner menu. Then when I saw they were doing brunch AND there was going to be complimentary champs AND there was going to be live jazz it was basically all I could think/talk about. 
Service was excellent,  the decor was great and the food was well executed and delicious. We split the eggs benny with roast beef and the whitefish/lox bagel.  Both simple, but just delicious.  The champagne and live jazz really took the experience up a notch,  especially the adorable old couple who decided to show off their dancing skills. 
Highly recommend for brunch/a great start to a Sunday afternoon. Go ahead, tease your hair, put on your shoulder pads and check it out.Was really excited to try this out, because I love Sbraga. The curated gin list is really awesome but I'm not sure how 80s that is. 
We were sitting next to a table where they were photographing the food for the NYT.  The prime rib and baked potato looked amazing so several of us got that. It was shocking how different our food was from what was being photographed 5 minutes before. Like crazy different! Not thick and juicy at all, underwhelming potato toppings
Table side Caesar salads are a fun concept but were kind of small and not that exciting for 18$. 
Coffee/espresso were like concentrated instant coffee, probably a glitch that will get fixed. Desserts were great. 
Not a good value, high prices for chain restaurant quality food.Food great, cocktails great, service great, everything is great! We go often (more than once a week on average!) and always have a great experience. Ben, the manager, is always working and gives us a warm welcome every time we walk in. Other restaurants (Rex comes to mind) act like they could care less if you come back or not. It's nice to be appreciated. The food at JC is high quality and consistently good. Definitely a great addition to the hood.We had New Year's Eve dinner at Juniper Commons and can't wait to go back. Everything was delicious and the service was excellent.  Lots of great selections, including for vegetarians like me.  Loved the Caesar salad made at our table by a very friendly server who explained the recipe. Eggplant Parmesan, barbecued ribs, and Brussels sprouts were terrific. Salty pecan pie was exceptional. Can't wait to see the brunch menu - heard that they are planning to serve brunch soon.Upscale comfort food is making a comeback! The newest addition to the Sbraga family had received many mixed reviews. The Zucchini bread with soft butter as a main starter is a MUST. Can I get the recipe please?? BBQ ribs: rich flavor and big portions! served with toasted white bread. Other items are "predictable", no surprises because most people have had these foods in their lives.It's really overpriced. We got lamb 3 ways, the lamb meatball was way too dense, the lamb belly and chop were ok but it was  $33. For a tiny amount of food that is just Ok..that kind of price is over the top.
We got two drinks and they were spot on..and they had a band, so that was nice.
I really like layout. I would go back to sit at the kitchen bar to watch the cooks do there thing. They just need to give better quality food for the price.I have to go back but I had dinner and drinks here recently and while the food was ok, the menu was really mixed up. There was (for example) a very nice fish dish but also there was a pub type burger. Gordon Ramsey would tell you that's a no no. The menu has to make sense. Is it fine dining? Is it pub casual? Hard to say.
Secondly I wasn't impressed with the bar. They have like 20 gins and are all about the gin but when I asked them to make me a pretty well known prohibition era cocktail they kind of didn't know how so they made something up that was ok but if you're a gin place, you should know how to rock your classic gin drinks. 
They did have good wifi!Philly is lucky enough to have not only one but two Top Chef winners. Kevin Sbraga, being the veteran winner, has hit his stride. 
Juniper Commons is fun, eclectic, and everything is cooked perfectly. My husband ordered the surf and turf- under $40 is a steal! I ordered the lobster roll and that was amazing too. Perfectly cooked lobster with a light mayonnaise dressing. So good! 
I'm a sucker for kitsch...I ordered a wine cooler. I may have ordered 2. And had them bring me a straw to drink out of it like a little kid in the 70's with a Fanta. Before you judge- order the Pinot Noir wine cooler and you'll see. You'll wonder why you haven't been drinking wine spritzers with your Mom mom all along. 
This is a spot that I know we'll be back for sure. I'm looking forward to checking out their happy hour and lounge area. It looks really laid back and all the drinks are affordable.Great food, friendly staff, hostess Ali was very helpful with post dinner directions, I wish they would tone down the fluorescent lighting by the bar and lower prices a bit.This is probably one of the worst restaurants in Philadelphia in terms of food. Salad bar is mediocre. Was hoping for an elevated eighties experience; but instead we got heavy, bland food that should have been left in the eighties.Chef Kevin Sbraga has some balls opening this restaurant.  Its a giant space right on Broad and South for all to see.  Then to top it off, his theme is 80's dining?  What?
First of all, the food was really, really great.  Its what I have come to expect from Sbraga.  And to top it off, the menu is not truly over-inventive.  He is serving some "classic" dishes like prime rib and eggplant parmesan.  We got the table side Caesar salad and it was hands down one of the best I have ever had.  I had the eggplant and it was simple but so delicious and not too salty.  My date had the prime rib and he gave it a thumbs up.  We also had the Brussel sprouts which were cooked perfectly and served with a lemon aioli sauce.  
Second of all, the service was just ok.  I think that just comes from a new big restaurant opening so I wouldn't hold that against them.
Lastly, this place is expensive.  Surprisingly expensive for "classic 80's cuisine (re-invented)".  
I would love to see this place succeed.  I am only a diner not a restauranteur but this seems like a big gamble to me.  I'm not sure its the type of place I would want to go to over and over, its kind of a novelty.
I guess time shall tell....Had the brunch today. It was excellent. The server,Kate Bradley, was fantastic, attentive and professional. She was great with our three year old too. The coffee was wonderful, teas very good.  Had the French toast,pancakes, quiche and eggs Benedict. My mother in law never finishes her food. She had samples from others plate as well. The cheesecake and pecan pie were decadent. The music was great from the performers. Little bit of Memphis:). Will be back. You will not be disappointed.If blasting the Beastie Boys all week isn't enough to curb your 80s craving, you like simple food, and love gin cocktails, then this is the place for you.
Food was average, and definitely over priced. My friend and I had a cocktail each, crab cake, salmon, and split a piece of chocolate cake. Our bill was about $85 before tip. In my opinion if the menu is plain the dishes should be exceptionally good. I was let down. They were all ok, or could have been better. 
Though the atmosphere is well done, especially the music, In this case it's not worth the price tag. Like mustaches, the 80s is a played out theme. If you can find props to match the theme at Target, then I don't feel comfortable knowing that the price of the food is largely for the atmosphere.
Service was prompt, and knowledgeable. My experience may have been different if I had ordered the chicken, or one of the salads that's created table side, but there's too many other good restaurants in the area to go back and try again.I live around the block from Juniper Commons and was stoked about a new bar going up in the neighborhood - especially one that claims to be 80s themed. Helllllo, neon leg warmers! I checked it out this weekend, and unfortunately (or fortunately...), Kevin Sbraga's interpretation of "80s" is a bit more classy than mine - but I really loved my experience there. 
I can't recall ever going to a restaurant so close to its opening day, but the staff at Juniper Commons was incredibly enthusiastic about their new digs and clearly trying to be on their A Game. When we walked in, my BF and I were escorted over to the bar by an eager hostess - despite the fact that we could see it literally 10 feet from where we were standing. The bartenders were chipper to the max, but managed to be more attentive and helpful and less annoying and stifling, which I appreciated. 
It's worth explaining the vibe of Juniper Commons for a second - everything is "classic 80s with a twist." The drinks are updated versions of things like Sex on the Beach and Tequila Sunrises, and the food is basically better (although not necessarily fancier) renditions of TV dinners or what you would imagine the mom on 90210 cooked every night. Think broccoli & cheese sauce, creamed spinach, eggplant parm, manicotti, prime rib, Ceasar salad. 80s music plays in the background (but, like, normal 80s music, not frat-party-wearing-spandex 80s music) and 80s movies play on the TV - Coming to America was on while we were eating. Ok, get it?
So, back to the drinks. I don't know much about gin, but I figured since I was in a gin bar, I would pull a "when in Rome." The two that I had were really delicious, and the bartender knew what he was doing with the mixers and shakers, but sadly, the price tags were just a bit much for me to experiment any more. At $11 and $12 a pop, this isn't a place to relive your college drinking days (see what I'm doing here with the theme?).
For din, I had the Brussels sprouts and the manicotti. The sprouts were one of the best things I've eaten in a long time - I consider myself something of a BS connoisseur, and these were perfectly crispy and served with a fab lemon aioli. I know aioli is really trendy now, but Kevin knows what he's doing. The manicotti was really good - nothing extraordinary, but a really good classic dish. My man had the prime rib, which he really enjoyed. It was a huge piece of meat, and I think his only criticism would be that they cook the meat a minimum of medium rare - he likes his steak as close to mooing as possible. 
I'm excited that JC is in the neighborhood and I'm excited to come back and eat more Brussel sprouts. I'm less excited to drop so much cash on what are essentially mom & pop dishes, but hey, if I can watch Top Gun and listen to Wham! while I eat, it might just be worth it.Great new spot on Broad & Lombard from Chef Spraga who won iron chef. It's 80's themed but not in a cheesy way. Walls are papered with local news papers from that time period so you see articles like Wall falls in east Germany or Phillies win world series.
Have a raw bar and oysters were good. Entrees were slamming, I got the fried chicken and my date got shrimp scampi.
Coolest part is they emphasize gin. They have a ton of different kinds. And they have all these tonics you can mix them with. Said they picked gin bc of the price point for the consumer (vs whiskey & scotch which is more). Their most expensive one is only $23. I was playing mad scientist all night mixing these gins and tonics.This. Place. Is. Good. Brunched with a group of 7 and was in and out under an hour- mind you we were never rushed, and had a great, attentive waiter. I ordered the pancakes with a side of sausage. The pancakes came in a stack of 3 and were soft, moist, and adequately sized- definitively did not have that food coma feeling that usually comes after a sweet breakfast. Also the pancakes came with bananas, marshmallows and peanuts, a seemingly odd combo, but was in fact really delish. There's not much to say about the sausage other then it was good and was the perfect salt complement to the pancakes. We got complimentary champs which was unexpected and welcome. Also, the easy like Sunday morning cocktail was really good. There was live music which was in point and gave a great classy, jazzy chill Sunday late morning feel. This  was a great place for brunch and I can't wait to go back for lunch and dinner.After attending the soft opening (which had both hits and misses) I headed back to try out the full menu. Service was perfect, Decor was amazing, Ambiance was incredible, Food was out of this world, Drinks were phenomenal, and Prices were nearly great. Honestly my only issue was the price of the extremely delicious corn beef special appetizer. Very small, very tasty, and very overpriced. Other than that - go here as quickly as you can and order the prime rib, a potato (mashed or baked - you cant go wrong here), a gin cocktail, and a pecan pie. Simply to die for.I was born in 1987. Despite the fact that this technically makes me an 80s kid, I have virtually no memories of my tender first few years. But Kevin Sbraga, Philly's original Top Chef... he was born in 1979. Chances are, he probably gets it a little more than I do. Good thing, since his newest venture, Juniper Commons, channels the era through atmosphere, edibles, and attitude. The other weekend, my brother and I visited for some brunch. The walls are covered in a wallpaper made up of 1980s newspapers, there's a gin-centric bar at the rear, and the open kitchen vibe feels homey and warm.
While I'm typically a savory breakfast babe, the description of the pancakes (complete with peanuts, bananas, & toasted marshmallow) had me insisting my brother get that, having me stick with their take on Eggs Benedict (with country bread, roast beef, and hollandaise [Ideal for a gal who would take roast beef over ham in a second]). The slightly toasted puffs of marshmallow fluff were TOTAL game-changers, making these pancakes borderline s'more-like (a very good thing, IMHO).
Brother and I both agreed, though, the winner was the savory. I think the country bread over an English muffin was right up my alley, and they did NOT skimp on the roast beef, served juicy, salty, and hot. Bonus: Juniper Commons makes their OWN wine coolers! This Pinot Noir (can't even type that without thinking exclusively of Kimmy Schmidt's Titus) was fizzy with hints of blackberry and apple brandy (or so I was told. It mostly tasted like bubbly wine juice, which I'm into).
I took a gander at the dinner menu and, truth be told, I think it's a little pricey for what the descriptions of the dishes sound like. But for a semi-schmoozy, little bit boozy brunch and/or lunch, the vibe would bring me back and the price point seems pretty level with the rest of the Philly scene.
Found in the heart of the city, you can't beat the location. Throw a burly, shirtless Selleck (or at least the giant larger-than-life sized poster found in the women's bathroom) in the midst.... I'll be back again.This place has a bit of an identity crisis going on -- supposed to be an 80's vibe but the decor and the menu is on the modern side. Also, they have an incredible gin selection which is great but again kind of takes the theme of the place down a different track. From a cocktail and decor perspective I would give 4 stars. From a food perspective I would give more like 2 stars so overall the experience shakes out to about 3 for me.  
We had oysters... many, many oysters. We got some east some west. The mignonette was not my favorite but the cocktail sauce was sweet and nice. We also ordered the caesar salad -- which they make table-side and is supposed to be a really big deal. It was not.  
For my main, I had the lobster roll. Great portion of lobster I will say that, but it was a bit overdressed and somehow under-seasoned. Kind of like the salad. The most popular dish at the table was the short rib so if I went back, would probably order that instead.This is one of those places that isn't bad and isn't necessarily good. The service was spectacular. I was in to the decor. The music is perfect for an 80's baby. However, the the table side caesar salad was good but I didn't like that they had to move everything on our table to fit the bowl. Shouldn't it be done on a cart table side? 
The beef bourguignon was super salty and had about 2 noodles that were under cooked. The manicotti was my favorite. We skipped dessert. 
I may give it a second chance though because I really want it to be good.This might have been the best thing to come out of the '80s!
Been following Juniper Commons' opening via Twitter. Looked over the menu and headed over there to check it out myself. Got there a bit before 5pm and sat in the lounge area surrounded by windows. The sun had set and created a warm glow accented by the twinkling candlelight. I didn't want to move. 
At the bar area, the team was just finishing up its crew meeting. I was seated at the Chef's Table which is really a counter over looking the cooks. It was directly in front of the grill and made it very toasty and cozy. I learned a few things from the cooks who entertained me with my curious banter. They take things very seriously and I saw some really reassuring health practices, like washing hands a lot while handling the meats/chicken and testing the doneness of the meats with thermometers. While I was there, the chef rejected a slab of ribs because they were too crispy on the outside. Very quality control-oriented here.
The decor is really warm and candle lit. There are tables and also booths along the windows. Over head...the 80s soundtrack from Barry Manilow, Hall & Oates and other light rock from the 80s. 
I enjoyed looking over the menu because it was crafted after 80s food dishes. The salad bar? It's actually a bowl of lettuce brought to you, surrounded by like 18 little dishes containing toppings. Clever! The Caesar Salad is made table side for two. Fresh oysters from both coasts. Surf-n-turf. And aptly named drinks based upon 80s culture.
I enjoyed a corned beef/gruyere appetizer. That knocked me out! Followed it with a wedge salad and the delicious Fettucini Alfredo. It wasn't the most adventurous thing I could have ordered, but it was deeply satisfying. I followed it with a slice of cheesecake. I hope they begin to offer more variety in the dessert menu. 
I really enjoyed my meal. The staff was pleasant. I would recommend Juniper Commons.I enjoyed the meal here.  The layout of the restaurant and furnishings are very nice and the menu is well thought out and has enough options for everyone.  We ate on a Thursday and the special was Fire Roasted Pig.  Despite it being 8:30 and not overly busy, they had sold out.  Zucchini bread was incredible as were the crab cakes and ribs.  Lobster roll was a little too moist with aoili or mayonnaise.  French onion soup is classic and well done.  Service was pleasant and timely.  Will visit again.Juniper Commons, you had me at the homemade wine coolers. Swoon! I got a last minute (4 days prior) reservation to celebrate a friend's birthday here, and we had a blast! As others have stated, the decor and the playlist are top notch. I would love it if that furniture would make its way to my living room! This was my first Sbraga dining experience, so I had nothing to compare it to, but I have already decided its my favorite. 
The seating is a little tight (especially for the table-side Caesar salad, which was really fun, but the salads end up quite small), but luckily the people we were seated next to were friendly. (The woman also accidentally lit her menu on fire with the candle in the middle of the table, which seems to be a pretty common thing around here... maybe they need taller holders?). They bring out homemade zucchini bread with salted butter right when you sit down and it was divine. The gin list is also crazy impressive. Our server was fantastic and didn't mind that our conversation kept distracting us and we spent way more time chatting than eating.
For entrees, we both decided on the beef sandwich, which is a nod to the French dip, and split the Brussels. The sandwich is definitely one of the cheaper things on the menu- some of the other items seem a tad overpriced (ex: $26 for a Lobster roll). The sandwich was heartier than it looked, the bun was fluffy, and the meat was melt-in-your-mouth good. The Brussels were also really good, but its hard to mess those up. Honestly, the single reason this review isn't 5-stars is the French fries!! More than half of them on each of our plates were burnt to a crisp, past the point of being edible. I feel like this just had to be a fluke, but I am surprised they served them to us. Regardless, I hope to have an excuse to come back and give them another shot.If this was any other chef, we wouldn't have even thought to give this restaurant a try. The incredibly unappealing menu and the trip back to a time period that very few of us want to relive wasn't much of a draw. But for Kevin Sbraga, we'd try anything once.
Here's the thing: it was actually hard to choose a dish because we just didn't like what was offered. But when we finally made our decisions, all of the food was ridiculously good, and totally unique. The raw bar was beautiful fresh seafood - I'd definitely recommend the U-peel shrimp, which comes with a great cocktail sauce. For entrees, the prime rib was absolutely beautiful - a crusty, fatty, delicious piece of meat that is definitely worth the dollars.
A bit expensive for what it is, but I definitely recommend going here at least once. It's a different experience, and one you can laugh over. Give it a whirl!Just had dinner at Kevin Sbraga's new restaurant last night.  I'm sure once they have been open longer my impression will change but overall there were more misses than hits.  It was obvious that the chef and staff really care about what they are doing here so hopefully this review is more constructive that critical but here was my experience:
First Impression - Beautiful comfortable space with a fun soundtrack.  Open kitchen was awkward as the chef was loudly yelling at the kitchen staff as we were being seated.
Service - The service was pretty much as expected for a brand new space.  Everyone was trying really hard and very friendly but still working out the kinks.  No doubt this will improve significantly.  One odd thing was that the people that were refilling water glasses asked every time if the patron wanted more water.  With four water glasses at our table the conversation was constantly interrupted.  Would be much more refined if the glasses were simply filled as they became empty.
Drinks - Ok so I know that the chef/owner is not a beer drinker but this is still Philadelphia in 2014 it would be nice if they at least had a few quality beers on draft especially since the style of the menu items would go really well with good beer.  Instead they only have a limited bottle selection and half of that is dominated by Miller/Coors/Bud/PBR.  Eh...  So we opted for the cocktails.  They have a fantastic gin list and even make their own various tonics so a gin a tonic seemed like the obvious choice.  Unfortunately there is very little description of the various gins on the menu.  When asked what the server recommended we were told that he hadn't really tried any of them and did not know but that he had heard that Hendrick's was good.  Hendrick's?  I expected more from a place that specializes in this.  So our cocktails arrived and they were just ok.  Both were completely flat and nothing special.  One of us ordered the house made wine cooler served in a tiny glass bottle and he was underwhelmed as well.  We didn't bother ordering a second round.
Food - We had the trout, spare ribs, lobster roll, and lobster bisque.  Everything was very tasty and well done but each dish seemed lacking in some way.  I completely enjoyed my trout but quickly forgot about it afterwards.  There are so many meals I've had that I dream about and crave afterwards but nothing hit that spot.  The menu seems to be in transition so I am sure that they are still developing dishes and will add and delete items in the next few months.  One thing to note:  I don't eat meat but I do eat seafood, eggs, and dairy.  It is usually brainless in Philadelphia to find a good meal but be aware that Juniper Commons is not very vegetarian friendly.  While the restaurant is inspired by the 80's the chef seems to be stuck in the 90's and still thinks that bacon belongs in everything.  So if you don't eat meat make sure to ask questions.  I had the pumpkin and lobster bisque soup which for some reason had bacon in it but this was not listed in the menu.  The kitchen was easily able to not add the bacon but I had to ask first.  The plating and presentation of all the dishes was lacking.  Most of the dishes were served on very large plates and looked oddly lonely instead of pretty.  Also be aware that the portions are fairly small.  For an average person a single entree will not be a complete meal but you will definitely want to include starters, salads, soups, or side dishes.
Dessert - Once again good but uninspired.  Both the pecan pie and creme brulee were tasty but nothing memorable just what you would expect.  Oddly enough the pie was served as a tiny tiny wedge with a very tough bottom crust and the creme brulee was served about double the size of a normal creme brulee.  Just another example of odd plating.
Price - I think this is one of the most disappointing aspects to Juniper Commons.  The price point is simply too high for the product and experience.  By the time you add on all of the additional sides and dishes to create a complete meal it is easily one of the more expensive new restaurants to open in Philadelphia recently.  There is nothing wrong with this but price sets certain expectations.  One of the problems is that there are so many amazing restaurants in town now that every new one needs to reach a higher bar.  Juniper Commons just didn't quit compare to other meals I have had in the city.
Overall I am not sure if I will return.  We had a good time but I was left wishing I had gone somewhere else which is not really a great first impression.First time here. Food was ok slightly greasy when you order fish it shouldn't be as greasy. Lights  are way too bright at the bar. Has potential but needs some improvement. Uh too many good bars/resto in city I'd go somewhere else first.Great food, doesn't disappoint. Brussel sprouts 100%. 
Will say that the music and volume is a bit much. Not sure what vibe the restaurant is going for, but went for a team dinner and the senior resources were impressed with the food, not the atmosphere.Do not waste your time and money going here. The decor is cool and the drinks are great (although I ordered mine on the rocks and it came without the rocks) but the service and food are terrible. 
First, we went at 8pm on a Friday and they were out of the daily special. How is that possible at 8? I'd understand if it were 10 or 11. 
The menu ideas are great, but horribly executed. I had a roast beef sandwich that had zero flavor. The fries were half-cooked as the potatoes were raw inside. 
Overall the food was mediocre at best. But what made it really bad was the terrible service. We sat for nearly 20 minutes without anyone coming to take our drink order. I even tweeted at the restaurant about this with no response (rare in Philly that I get no response). Finally the server came and he messed up our drink order. Then when we asked for menu suggestions it seemed like he had not tasted anything in the restaurant. 
I like Sbraga, but avoid this place at all costs.I like totally love Juniper Commons. First of all, I already love everything 80s, so clearly this place was for me. The playlist was totally rad. The wood paneling. Everything.
And this vegan was easily accommodated. The "salad bar" was amazing (pic) & the dressing was phenomenal. The rest of my meal was a variety of sides, & I LOVE a variety of sides. I had the root vegetables, the baked potato, & the Brussels sprouts. All delicious. I wanted to lick the plate that the root vegetables came in, but I try to avoid doing that in public.
Also, their homemade wine coolers. LOL wine coolers. I totally got drunk on wine coolers back in the 80s. And I totally got drunk on wine coolers tonight. I had 2. 2! And I'm like totally writing this review while drunk on wine coolers. That's how dedicated I am to yelp.
OH! And our server--I don't remember his name, but he was wearing Ray-Bans & he said his sister is vegan. He was rad. I'm a big fan.
You should like totally go here.Very good meal at Juniper Commons on Friday night.  The Caesar salad prepared table side was the best I've ever had, so many flavors and so well blended.  Also loved the fettuccine alfredo which was nothing like the heavy version found at Olive Garden and Maggiano's - very light and tasty.  Easy rock sound track from the 70's and 80's was another highlight.  Service still working out some kinks (as to be expected) but put in a great effort.
Can't wait to go back and try other things on the menu - but might just order the exact same thing again.Tried "the new place" Juniper Commons last evening and was not impressed.  When we arrived the hosted explained they were running a few minutes behind which I appreciate the honesty.  The hostess stated there is cocktail service in the lounge but no one came.  Another couple received drinks and mentioned it took 20 minutes for the drinks to come.  We were seated in the bar section second table from the door and received a cold blast of air as people walked in/out; minor irritant. The food was good but nothing over the top to write about. The service was slow the entire evening, after being sat at the table I just went to the bar to get my own drinks if that gives any indication of the wait times.Juniper Commons' overall vibe is trendy, nostaligic and fun.  They have a great 80s playlist and you're automatically reminded of epic moments in movie history.  
As soon as you walked through the door, you're greeted by friendly faces and promptly seated. Right away you're introduced to your server and they go over the menu in detail. So far so good! 
Now on to reviewing the drinks and food. Juniper Commons has great cocktails. Period. I had the #6 was the perfect balance of what i was looking for and no one ingredient was overpowering. 
As it was the opening week, I will give the kitchen some credit as they still need the seasoned pans and grills as you know any great establishment had that flavor to their food that adds that special something overtime by being used over and over again (like grandmas favorite skillet that's been used for 50+ years).  I ordered the shrimp cocktail and the dry aged burger cooked at medium.
The shrimp cocktail was the peel kind which I don't mind much but caution to the wind, their cocktail sauce is not made with horseradish but with onions. I absolutely LOVED it but if you don't love onions, probably want to tell the server before hand.  Soon after, my burger was placed and it looked picturesque so obviously I took a photo of it.  It was big so I had to cut it with a fork and knife but sad to say the dry aged beef had little flavor but the Aoli they have on it is delicious.  I still enjoyed it but it didn't have that full flavor meat taste that a normal seasoned dry aged beef would have. It wasnt too greasy either but no love lost here. Regardless my experience here was great. 
The portion sizes was filling and not overwhelming. The general cost is a bit pricey for the traditional american fare but the dining experience is great for friends to get together and shoot the shit.  Def worth trying the newest addition to the Sbraga name.The staff was great but the food was not good. The lobster on the surf and turf wasn't done. The ribs were hard as a rock. The crab cakes was very amateur. The whole cooking experience was amateur show. The table side salad was the highlight of eating experience. The ginger tea was great also. 
The food experience was not good at all.Admittedly, I wasn't dining out (or even alive) in the 1980s, so I can't quite judge the entire concept or how accurate/inspired it may be.
We made a reservation and were seated right away, but I was somewhat surprised the place wasn't more crowded on a Saturday night at 7:30pm.
The house-made zucchini bread was a nice change of pace from typical bread at a restaurant. Flavorful and light - I could have had another piece.
We opted to split everything we ordered:
- Caesar salad (prepared table side for 2)
- Fried Smelts
- Daily special: Hangar steak with mashed potatoes, ramps, Brussel sprouts and fiddlehead ferns
For drinks, we ordered:
- Point Breeze
- Sand in Your Shorts
Everything was uniformly delicious. Each dish was presented and prepared with care, attention to detail, and left us very satisfied.
The drinks were good - I think I preferred the Sand in Your Shorts over the Point Breeze, but both were refreshing and well-balanced.
The server who came by and made our Caesar salad was fantastic. She was really friendly, engaged with us, and made the act of juggling a multi-step and multi-ingredient process look fairly effortless and easy. The Caesar salad was good. The dressing was a nice mix of spicy and fishy, with notes of acid from the lemon. Best caesar salad I've had? Probably not. Perfectly enjoyable? Yes, especially with the service/presentation.
I had never tried smelts before, but they looked interesting and we figured, "Why not!?" They were incredibly delicious. A perfect appetizer hitting all of the salty, fishy, and fried notes you would really want. My boyfriend commented that they were kind of like "high end fish sticks" and then our server made the same comparison a few minutes later. That comment isn't a dig at the dish in any way - instead, the dish is evocative of your childhood and the contrast of an upscale restaurant. Generous portion for two people.
We ordered the special after our server mentioned it - we both thought it sounded great. The steak was cooked perfectly to medium. The "mashed potatoes" - on the loose/soupy side, mixed with the sauce from the steak, might have been my favorite part of the dish. The addition of the incredibly seasonal ingredients like the ramps and fiddlehead ferns brought some lightness and brightness to the dish.
One thing to note, it's a very... busy restaurant. Granted, we were seated in between the door and the open kitchen (I always like an open kitchen). Our placement in the midst of everything led to feeling like we were in a whirlwind. Servers constantly walking by and zipping around tables to pick up from the kitchen. I don't know if it was a detractor from our meal, but it's definitely something I noticed.My fiance and I ate here on a Saturday night with his parents.  We have been dying to try Juniper since it opened (how could you not want to try a new Sbraga restaurant?).  We had a 5:30 reservation on a Saturday night and were seated right away.  The feel of the restaurant is "80s diner-ish."  There is a very large bar if you are looking to go for happy hour or just a drink (a huge gin list).  We ordered the smoked fish platter to start. It has whitefish, bluefish, salmon, and a lentil salad, which was served with pumpernickel bread. Yummy!  For my entree I had the lobster roll (as most lobster rolls are...pricey for a small sandwich).  My fiance had the crab cakes and his parents had the salmon and the manicotti.  Everybody loved their meals.  My fiance's mom said that he salmon was delicious!  We then had the Harvey's cheesecake for dessert (named after Sbraga's father and his recipe).  The cheesecake was light and more "airy" than other cheesecakes...was enjoyed it.  Overall we had a great experience here and are looking forward to coming back for their jazz brunch.Pros: Great gin and tonic selection with some rare finds; 80s decor and music were pitch perfect.
Cons:  Service -  waited over 30 minutes for our check after finishing dessert (during which we watched our server wander aimlessly around the restaurant).   As a former server, I understand the craziness of opening weekends.  But if you have nothing to do other than wandering around, come check on your tables.  Also had some issues with timing (getting our first two courses at the same time), but think that was just one of the kinks of an opening weekend.
Food: Loved the 80s theme for the menu, but the dishes could have used a little something more.  All were somewhat plain and unexciting. 
Started with the lobster bisque and some oysters which were ok.
Second course was Caesar salad - they make it table side, which was unique, but led to some inconsistency in the dressing. Some bites were all anchovy, others all dijon. 
Had the BBQ ribs and crab cake as our entrees.  Both were disappointing, the word bland comes to mind. 
Dessert, we tried the chocolate layer cake and pecan pie.  Both seemed like something you could have found a better rendition of at a local diner.  
Will definitely go back for the great gin selection, but not sure if we will be dining there again.So this is led by a celebrity chef?  Really? I mean seriously? Shouldn't the food rock if thats the case?The bar looks like a fun place for a drink as they are decorated to resemble the 1980s and were running the original Karate Kid 1 and 2s on the TV. Overall the vibe is cool. Imagine its a good spot for a drink but I hope you like Gin as their special drinks are pretty much gin based. We,however, were in the dining room for dinner. Pretty good service. Glass of cab/merlot blend wine was good -$9 not bad price. Bread was cranberry - not bad.  Had a caesar salad prepared table side that three of us shared - that was the highlight. Had the half a lobster/sirloin steak platter and was totally disappointed. The lobster meat was MUSHY! The sirloin steak fatty and the taste worse than a steak at Outback (for a WHOLE lot less). Hated the house steak sauce. The creamed spinach -meh. Dinning partners had stuffed manicotti and liked it (not blown away - better choices in town) and Prime Rib (enjoyed it -looked good). Had great expectations. Very disappointed.This place is scrumptious! Forget the decor and 80's dining throwbacks, the food is simply and unpretentiously good. Sbraga's 80s themed restaurant is going to make you want to come home, put on the Breakfast Club or Ferris Bueller, and call your mom on her landline.  The drinks are amazing and the easy, homestyle menu will appeal to even the most discerning pallets. Think of it as your mama's cooking refined, like if mama got a culinary degree and pops got a bartending license. 
My favorites on the menu include crab cake, chicken (best I've had in the city), prime rib of course and the cherry wine cooler. If you find yourself here for brunch, try the roast beef or the turkey club, both equally flavorful.Five stars:  slick space, imaginative cocktails,  fun music, pleasant service, and delicious food all work together to create a remarkably convivial atmosphere.  Our merry band had a terrific experience all around.  Don't neglect the sides--fabulous fries and crispy sprouts deserve their space alongside the excellent entrees.Staff was attentive and nice, but the food was very average. Surprised that Kevin Sbraga would not hire better chefs!  Love Fat Ham and Sbraga.I may be having a little too much fun at Juniper Commons. What? There's no such thing? Okay then. We'll just settle on lots of fun being had during my two visits so far. Not to mention, great food and drinks. 
There's a lot about the 80s that should probably be left in the past, but the folks at Sbraga Dining managed to pull out all the best parts and incorporate them into their new restaurant. The music selection is on point. I'm talking dance in your chair, sing all the words magical. 
The decor is most definitely 80s-esque without being cheesy. I am in love with the lounge area, with its great furniture and throwback culinary magazines. The shirtless Tom Selleck photo on the wall in the ladies room is the cherry on top. 
The food that I've tried has been great. I enjoy salads more than the average person and the tableside Caesar and wedge are both awesome. I've had the crab cake on both visits and it was even better on night two. The baked potato is perfection. I've also had bites of the clam chowder, manicotti, eggplant parmesan, fettuccine alfredo, and creamed spinach. All great choices. 
The cocktails are mostly gin-based with a couple other fun options like house-made wine coolers. The Flying Caucasian, a gin and coffee concoction, went down really, really easy. My next reservation has already been made and I am looking forward to many more visits!Very disappointing experience! When the seafood tower was delivered to the table the server RAN AWAY. I asked him to come back to clarify which ones were east coast vs west coast oysters and he don't bother to stop when he yelled out "those ones". Wow. Then my lobster arrived and my first bite was into an almost opaque piece of claw meat. I had to send it back. Never got that claw back either, they just returned the plate, a bit warmer. The beet salad was beautiful but had little taste. The table side Caesar was good, but does not blow your mind. My husband had the fried chicken and found it to be dry and very run of the mill. We stayed for dessert which was equally disappointing. Should have gone for ice cream next door.  We had high hope as our friend is having her shower here in a few weeks. We had dinner at Vernick last week and agree that Juniper isn't close to being in the same league. Perhaps the B team was on last night?