Just Salad is a great concept, but this location suffers from a few problems:
1) The area where you go to order is in the farthest, backest, darkest corner of the space. There is no signage that says "ORDER HERE." The cashier, who you encounter twenty feet before the unmarked order spot, will smile at you while you loiter for a few minutes, looking to place an order, and not offer information about beginning the transaction.
2) Likewise, the menu display of the most popular items (that is, Salads) is not the first menu you see, or even the third or fourth. It is ALSO in the backest, darkest corner of the space. This is probably a franchise-office problem, but the menus are not intuitive, and the information they present is a little inscrutable.
3) The chickpeas and beets were both improperly prepared and were almost unchewable. Again, maybe the franchise model prescribes preparation styles, but having been to NYC JS locations, I do not think this is the case.
4) For an upfront fee, you can purchase a reusable salad container, and receive a free premium topping or two essential toppings when you use it to purchase subsequent salads. By looks alone, the container appears 50% smaller than the single-use containers. Maybe they pack the salads in tighter into the reusable containers! But by optics alone, there is no incentive to buy the reusable container. 
Good idea! Location needs some serious work.My new favorite salad place! I usually go to Sweet Green but was really craving a southwest salad from Saladworks today. I stumbled upon this place on my way to Liberty Place and am so glad I did! Like Sweet Green, they have lots of organic ingredients. Unlike Sweet Green, they have so many popular salad and wrap options like buffalo chicken. I tried the Chipotle Cowboy and it was incredible. All the ingredients were so fresh and the flavors were on point. There are 4 other things I can't wait to try, so I'll definitely be back soon! Bonus: the staff was ridiculously friendly- it was insane but lovely!This is probably the worst place to get a smoothie at ever. I was walking down Chestnut Street, when I was enticed to try a free small shot glass sized sample. I was polite enough to stop, talk to the young lady and try a sample. Unfortunately from there my experience with the company only got worse. I came in to purchase 2 smoothies, only 2 find out they were missing fruits for each the Strawberry Banana and the Detox. I was assured they would still taste good, however they certainly did not. I gave them another try and this time I was used as a "tester" for a trainee on how to make a smoothie and it was pretty bad. Not only the taste, but the consistency was horrible. My 3rd visit was actually a great one. Bri helped me and my smoothie from her was great. 
I wouldn't go here unless you want to play "Russian roulette" with your lunch. Sad to say, but 1 good experience out of 3 isn't a good ratio. Lastly, I used my receipt to email in feedback 2 days ago and I am still yet to hear back from the company. Bad experience!I'm a fan, but I wont pay $2.99 for delivery, especially when i'm outside retrieving the delivery because of parking issues in old city.  It was great while it lasted. Its a Shame, the salads are amazing but the delivery fee makes it out of my budgetOrdered for the first time today. Wish they had one more inclusive topping on the build your own salad. It gets really pricey for a pretty bare-bones salad. Also, they didn't give me a fork and I'm at work so i had to run out and get one. 
however the quality is great. It tastes super fresh. Over-all, i'd definitely recommend. Its too pricey though. (and oddly enough, there aren't many VEGETARIAN salads made to order. Does everything always have to have chicken on it??)Best salad place. The servers are so nice and kind. The salad is delicious, I got the Tokyo Supergreens and it may be the best salad I had.This place is nice and trendy looking. The salad selection is overwhelming when visiting for the first time. The salads we had were great.  They sell $1 salad bowls with lids that you can use every time you go in and you get some extra toppings and premium items when you use the bowl. Banana strawberry smoothie was ok. The green smoothie was refreshing after a weekend of indulging.The salad is the best!! Super fresh and so many options!! Love the store and the stuff! Manager was so nice and helpful.. Michael I will come for my salad everyday now! Thank you!!!!It's beyond regular. It was like everything just thrown in the bowl with separate flavors. I could've made this at home and saved $10 very disappointing that I wasted moneyIngredients were relatively fresh (cherry tomatoes and spinach was a bit sad). But they need to work on their online ordering functions. I ordered a create your own salad. I asked for feta and got goat cheese, I asked for almonds and got walnuts, and I asked for bread and did not get bread. Additionally, I ordered a lacroix seltzer which they advertised on the site-specific menu, and was told they didn't carry that when I arrived. Also, they had no review function for online orders, hence the yelp review. I'll stick with sweetgreen.My review is for build my own salad and avocado toast. The salad is fresh and fast service. The avocado toast is great. A multi grain toast topped woth smashed avocado, corn, and I think pickled red onio. Highly recommendedHere it is!! Finally JUST SALAD came to Philly!Heard they are really famous in NYC.. very recommended.. all the veggies are fresh and a lot of choices of salad and dressing! Friendly manager and stuff!! You guys check this cute store of just salad and they offer you healthy good foods and not boring salad experience!! YUMmmm!! Will be back for sure! :)Ordered a salad, and got about 20 steps out the door when my salad (which apparently had not been caked properly) burst out through the bad, pouring salad dressing all over me.  I went back in to speak with them about it, and get cleaned up.  They gave me a new salad, and some napkins, but the manager didn't come talk to me, and they didn't even offer to pay for my dry cleaning.  Just about the worst customer treatment I've gotten anywhere in Philadelphia.  Had to walk around all day looking and smelling like tahini, and pissed that I had to pay for that dubious honor, and that they didn't give a s***.I am a sucker for a great salad, so when I heard Just Salad was joining the rank of lunch options in Center City I was excited to try it.
The space is very bright and open with a good amount of menu options or you can build your own salad. The staff seemed pretty flustered even though it wasn't very busy and they sped through the process of putting salads together which I appreciate if I'm on a schedule but led to a lot of ingredients falling into others (buffalo chicken landing in the eggs, for example). 
I went with the classic chicken Caesar salad and was thrilled to see how much chicken she put in. It's a big salad and it rang in at just over $8 with tax, which is pretty great in comparison to other options.
If you're looking for a healthy lunch spot, I'd definitely check it out!This is a healthy option Philly desperately needed. I am so happy to have stumbled upon the friendly faces at Just Salad. Everything was so clean. The interior and the staff are so inviting; extremely customer oriented and well-staffed. This is not your average salad/ health food spot. They accommodate literally every diet; although raw foodist's are accommodated they won't have as many options (but I'm sure they're used to that; they've got plenty options though).
They have tons of different cheeses. The shrimp and meats all looked great. My salad (The Hudson Valley mix?)...It contained fresh delicious spinach, apple, pumpkin seeds, beets, broccoli, goat cheese, and the most delicious croutons. I swapped out the dressing included for the avocado one (which is awesome) gluten-free and vegan, made at Just Salad, fresh every day. In addition to swapping out the dressing...I had tofu instead of goat cheese with no upcharge (I was totally shocked, because their organic tofu is a protein....I know cheese is a protein, but I think it's a different category there). Local and organic is their thing....it's so good, like I said the food really speaks for itself. It's unpretentious and delicious. None of the food is over seasoned.I go here 4 times a week! I love it. But for my 10 dollar salad, I want the right dressing on my salad. I definitely got some type of ginger dressing... can't even eat it. Really disappointed.Absolutely terrible customer service here!!! I came in on a Thursday night around 7:30pm for a salad and was treated so poorly! Even after pointing out the poor treatment I received I didn't even get an apology. I believe I was served by Briana.
They served another customer behind me and didn't even recognize my presence. After I mentioned that I was not served yet and that I was before the other customer, they finally got someone to help me but still no apology. Briana failed to ask if I wanted bread and allow me to pay after my salad was made. They had the other customer behind me pay first even though my salad was complete before her smoothie. Even after pointing out all this I still received no apology or recognition. I recommend saving your time and energy and going to another salad place! They need to fix their customer service or get new employees!Amazing salads! Very nice staff!
We didn't wait long for lunch even if the line was long! It's moving fast.
They also have bowls and wrap!
Large choice of salads!
So happy that this place opened in Philly:
We are coming back today :)Ordered from here and waited almost 2 hours for our food. When it arrived every single one of the orders was incorrect...missing multiple items, added ingredients that were never supposed to be included in the first place. Waited on hold for 5 minutes while one of the workers "investigated" when the food was. Lesson learned...will never order from here again.Stopped by today as I wandered around looking for lunch. I was a little taken back by the line and never being here before and wasn't prepared for someone to take my order when I stepped in the line. The woman writing down the orders was very nice though and I was allowed to look over a paper menu until I was ready and not lose my place in line. I decided to go with the Modern Greek Crunch Salad (cucumber, tomato, feta, lentils, pickled red onions, pita chips) and added in some grilled chicken. I was shocked how quickly the line moved and how pleasant all the works were. I am used to waiting in line for a long time at other salad places during the lunch rush. When I got back to the office I was really surprised how much I enjoyed the salad. It was the perfect amount and had a ton of flavor, I even found myself not using the dressing because it really didn't need much! 
My only complaint is that they pledge to be health conscience  and have the calorie counts on their menu but they lack all the rest of the nutritional info. For anyone who is doing a diet program it makes it difficult. I even checked their website to see if I could find full nutritional info and I couldn't. It would be great it this was added!This place was ok. It's very expensive for a salad but if you're looking for something healthy I guess it's good. When I went, there were also barely any people there showing it's probably not great.I stopped into Just Salad for a quick and easy dinner the other night. I did the pick 2- with a slice of avocado toast and a medium salad. 
The toast was really tasty-- I got the Avo Smash, with pickled onion, corn, and chipotle sauce. 
I paired it with the chipotle cowboy salad which was DELICIOUS. It had generous chunks of cheese and avocado, yummy onion strings, and I swapped the beans for corn to add some sweetness. The chipotle vinaigrette was really tasty, and was a nice departure from the typically heavy creamy dressings that you'd typically get on a salad like that. 
The portions were good, and I definitely left satisfied. The total for the combo rang up to be about $12 plus tax. 
The space is also new, very clean, and pretty. Service was prompt and courteous, and they were great about letting me really customize my meal. 
If you're in the area, absolutely stop in. They have a plentiful menu of tasty food that won't leave you feeling guilty!I went to Just Salad today and the salad was not the best I've ever had.  It was soggy, overcooked broccoli, and the dressing was so so.  It was hard to choke down.   I do want to try their smoothies, so I'll update my review after I try the smoothies.The place was decently clean, nice- not too loud music, and the "chill cool salad place" tone was set. Although I didn't like that the photos they have hanging are of NYC and not Philly, I still gave this place 5 stars. I was expecting this to be a less-good version of Sweetgreen, but I was pleasantly surprised. I ordered the "Big Gay Garden Salad" And loved it! (Subbed romaine for kale). The staff though, were definitely the best part. The worker with glasses that made my salad was sincerely kind and even when there was a mishap, she and the manager were both extremely helpful and accommodating. Also, the others I was with, ordered the cleanse drink and loved it. I think the only reason that it was more empty than I expected was people don't know how good it is. Will definitely be going back!Ingredients are always so fresh and organic tasting. Highly recommend the 30g protein wrap with added tofu (moderate-high dressing amount is required to keep it moist). Always jamming out to reggae music, the staff are super friendly and food quite good. The chain is based out of NYC and just opened up this place in Philly. This is my favorite fast, go-to place in the city!Decent options. Good food. However, I'm not into eating my food with a cardboard dish and plastic fork. I hope they're getting recycled properly. Otherwise, the place is very clean and the staff is very friendly. Almost overly. We had Backyard BBQ Bowl and a salad. Both good.Once I actually got my food it was good but it took over an hour and half to travel 2 miles so I will probably never order delivery again and if my friends ever want to order it I will tell them last time it took almost 2 hours and we probably shouldn'tI came here twice, once for a smoothie and once for a salad. I came here during smoothie happy hour and got it half off, which was a good deal, but I'm not sure I would pay full price for a smoothie. For the custom salad you pick 4 toppings to add and it doesn't come with a protein. I added a chicken protein and spent over $11 for a salad. All of the other salads on the menu come with some sort of protein and are all under 10 bucks. I don't understand how they can charge you more just because you want to customize your salad. There should be one protein included with the custom salads.Wasn't so thrilled. Like Sweet Green so much more. The only thing that I genuinely enjoyed was the avocado toast, but I think it was mostly due to the dressing on top. The toast could have been thicker. Not many vegan options. Service was great.So basically I don't know nothing much about salad, and I asked the manager (Mike ) to make me whatever in my salad bowl!! And bomb OMG!! He definitely know what's up!!! He's the best!! It turned me to be one of the salad lover now!! ThankyouThis lady named Nhi helped me with my order and she was very nice and patient. There is a endless of salad options to choose from. This is definitely a place for veggie and meat lovers!Greek crunch salad was delicious. Bread was nice too. I got the food to-go, but it looked like a nice enough place to eat in as well.This is my new favorite salad spot - and that says a lot, because sweetgreens has been my go to lunch AND dinner spot for the past few years.
Just Salad is fresh and has a TON of awesome dressings to choose from - and let's be honest, dressing is by far the most critical component of a salad. I am addicted to their Thai peanut. I also really like the fact that they have a couple low fat options - their spicy avocado one is killer and only 15 calories, perfect for Monday's when I'm trying to cleanse my body of the pizza and beer consumed over the weekend.
Their employees are really friendly and efficient. I find I'm usually out the door in about five minutes. They also sell yummy smoothies and cookies, as well as avocado toast and bowls. 
Overall I think this is now the champion salad spot in Philly. Check it out now before everyone else realizes this and it gets crowded!I LOVE this place! I've only ever gotten the Greek salad with the cucumber yogurt dressing because it's so freaking good, but I've tried bites of other salads and they are delicious as well. 
I love the reusable bowl system. $1 for a bowl- you need to take it home and wash it before they let you use it but then you get two free toppings every time, and it's such a fun bowl to eat out of. It looks somewhat small, but they really pack the salad in so there's no worry that you're getting less food. My only qualm is that the line is sort of chaotic and it's loud in there and difficult to hear the person making your salad- they really need to speak up. I do sometimes feel like they're annoyed at me repeatedly asking "sorry what did you say??".Went here 30 mins before close time and they couldn't make a single one of the bowls bc the workers jumped the gun on closing side work.Where has this place been all my life? I walked from 16th and Market, where they have a sweetgreen in my building, just to give it a try. When I arrived at Just Salad there was only one person in line, well... they just opened so I figured that much. The girl at the end helped me with figuring out the menu. I built my own salad and took one piece of bread of the two they offered me (It is summer!) I would have ate there due to the ambiance and modern feel but had a meeting. They packaged me up to go perfectly with a funny napkin that says, "no fake sh*t." Well, I just took a bite and everything is so fresh and delicious! The rosemary in the bread is well worth a slice. I will be back. Sorry Duane Morris, Sweetgreen and Salad Works... Just Salad stole me today. Great service, awesome food!Gave it 3 stars because of their pumpkin soup. That's the only thing I will get from them and possibly their smoothies only because I haven't tried them. Their salads though, not the best. Matter of fact i haven't been feeling well since my lunch from them this afternoon. My stomach has been feeling unwell to the point I skipped dinner. Last time I ordered I gave them 30 mins. Got there and my order pickup was still not ready. It doesn't take 45 mins even if it was the lunch rush. Oh and their stupid promotion of download the app and receive $10 credit, they partnered with level up. Their system was down today apparently and just before that, if you are over the amount or you linked your card to the account and you don't have enough, you're SOL. Sweet green is 10x better. Their app is easier and if they give you credit and your order is over the amount, you pay the difference. Just salad just sucks with their salad but I will come back only for their pumpkin soup.This is my new favorite place to order from. Healthy options and delicious food that fills you up. They over a chopped with dressing option which is a must for me! The modern greek is my favorite. It has crunch and flavor. I tell everyone about this place!I ordered the California salad to go and loved it. The balsamic dressing was mixed it perfectly and created a very tasty experience.This is my favorite lunch spot on center city! All the food is awesome and everyone is super friendly! Definitely reccomwnd!Pleasantly surprised when I randomly stopped in this place during a week night after the gym. Overall great selection, with quick service and a friendly staff. This is a great option if you're looking for a quick fast causal healthier place in the city. The place itself inside is pretty inviting from the lighting to the open eating area. I recommend both the smoothie as well as the buffalo chicken wrap. Price wise, tons of options at a great value for under $10 bucks. I will totally be back soon enough to try something else off of the menu.So happy this finally opened in Philly! This was my go to lunch spot when I lived in NYC. It is just as good or even better as I remember!This place is fantastic.  Tons of options and fresh ingredients.  Not "just salads" as the name would have you believe but also a wraps and bowls.  I started with the Buffalo chicken salad which was great and I added their crispy onions. Yummy! Their poblano ranch is heaven.  Can't wait to make this my new go to salad spot. 
If you reuse your bowl- they offer discounts.  Like $1 off or free cheese add on.  Who doesn't love cheese ??The salad is the best!! Super fresh and so many options!! Love the store and the stuff! Manager was so nice and helpful.. Michael I will come for my salad everyday now! Thank you!Another healthy lunch option in Rittenhouse! Don't be frightened by the long line as it moves quickly and the employees greet you while in line to take your order. They have seasonal salads as well as classics, like Caesar. You can also build your own. They have wraps and bowls for those who want something more substantial although their salads are pretty hefty and filling! You can grab a reusable and washable bowl and receive 2 free toppings whenever you use your bowl. Most salads will run you about $8-9 - kinda pricey but better than making a poor lunch decision! 
Come if you're in a hurry and want something light, tasty and healthy.I love the concept and the prices of this place, but it falls a little short in a few areas.
I've only been on Saturdays and perhaps they save the all star squad for lunch time during the week, but on the weekends I've experienced the most sub-par service imaginable. It's great that the staff gets along so well with one another, but it's almost as though I'm interrupting their conversations to place my order. 
Today in an attempt to buy a drink I got the response "we are out of cups, isn't that sad?" 
I've had similarly bizarre experiences every time I've gone there, but the food is good and I'm not looking for friends... just salad.I really liked this salad and it was pretty big, I was full and I couldn't even finish it. I like that they toss the salad for you and you can choose the amount of dressing you want.  Only thing is I got an extra topping that cost $1+ and I didn't notice she didn't put it on until after I was halfway done. Nice clean atmosphere inside!My new favorite "fast food" place in town! Their seasonal Warm Bowl with Tofu, Quinoa, Kale and more is delicious. Will be back for sure :)))I LOVE Just Salad! Not only are the salads affordable, but you can use a re-useable bowl to help Planet Earth! Great variety, fast and friendly service. Their seasonal options are my favorite and you can easily customize every dish. The berry wild smoothie is delicious and low calorie. Perfect for lunch or a quick dinner on a nice nightI thoroughly enjoyed the Buffalo chicken salad with Poblano Ranch. I don't eat as much salad as I should but I definitely enjoyed my salad from here. The line moves along, my food was good, and staff is friendly...I am a fan!I was actually on my way to sweetgreen and gave this place a shot because I was too lazy to walk. 
Verdict: I like it better than sweetgreen. The metallic surfaces here and compostable bowls remind me of it, but the overall ingredients just taste more fresh. More salad options, dressings are delicious, and the staff are all so friendly. 
Popular salads:
The California
Thai Chicken Crunch
Buffalo ChickenJust tried Just Salad and ordered the roasted turkey wrap ($10.29) and kale smoothie ($6.49).Unfortunately the wrap came with no turkey and the smoothie is a pre-made blend (not fresh). Definitely disappointed.I ordered a build-my-own salad with kale, red cabbage, mint, jalapeños, pumpkin seeds, quinoa and tofu. Despite having an abundance of toppings, my salad was only about $10. Even though I was indecisive and my order was complicated the girl who made my salad, Nhi, was patient. The tofu was flavorful and the greens were fresh. My only complaints are that the space was tight so the line to pay merged with the dressing station, and the name is a bit misleading.Such a fan of Just Salad but I was pretty disappointed with my most recent order ): I ordered the Chipotle Cowboy Salad for lunch and when I got back to my office and opened up the bowl, I felt like it was just a bowl of salad and an avocado I paid for with no toppings. I was pretty bummed about it because I normally really love Just Salad, but when you pay $10 for a salad, you hope that it will be packed with the toppings you were expecting.Thai Chicken crunch is really good! The service is excellent! Karenann Makes the best salads ! I will be back!Omg.. the best salad in town!! Love everything in here! The manager is very helpful and stuff are very nice!! Salad fresh all day! Definitely gonna come back again!I tried the new Just Salad for a lunch a couple of weeks ago and would definitely recommend. I had attempted to go to sweetgreen one block away but during the lunch hour rush, it was a nightmare and I didn't feel like waiting in a 20 minute line. 
The line at Just Salad moved really fast and I had ordered and paid within about 10 minutes. They have a lot of salad topping options and I like that you can make your own salad if you want. Just Salad is not the case as they also have wraps and grain bowls which I will definitely be trying the next time I come in because they looked quite yummy. 
I didn't know that you could purchase a reusable bowl for a $1 and then when you bring it in the next time, you get a free topping. This is 100% worth the investment if you plan on coming here frequently!A delicious salad! I chose the create your own which includes your choice of lettuce and 4 toppings (extra toppings for extra $). They have a good variety and the ingredients were really fresh. Great salad bar!Awesome! I have been wanting to try a similar concept for a while but couldn't really get myself to stand in those long lines for salad... Today a co-worker and I walked down to Just Salad and were pleasantly surprised the line wasn't out the door. The line moved quickly and they had someone standing there to take your order before you handed it over the counter.
I went with the Avo Blast toast box and added shrimp and lemon. When I got to the checkout I realized there was no shrimp on my toast so I mentioned it to the girl at the register and she quickly fixed it for me. On each piece were 4 large shrimp which is awesome! I think next time I'll request the shrimp to be chopped up or I'll just chop them up myself as it made it a little messier than intended. But whatevs because seriously this was AMAZING!
My co-worker got the Thai crunch salad and he said he was very happy with it as well. We're both stuffed! I love getting lunch under $10 and actually being full!
Let me tell you my previously favorite avocado toast is from Sunny's in Miami..very similar with the corn and pickled onion plus stone crab BUT the cilantro and shrimp from Just Salad really put this one as my top Avo-toast! Delicious in every way and healthy for a quick lunch! I will definitely be back very soon and very often! I also love the fact that they cater..I'm thinking we will do one of our team lunches from here! Hopefully they start taking delivery and online orders like their other stores! :) 
So happy this new location opened in Philly! Keep it up guys you're doing it SOOOO RIGHT!I ordered the California salad and detox cleanse smoothie. It took an hour and 15 mins to be delivered on a Wednesday night at 8 (after typical
Dinner time). The salad was fine, but the chicken on the salad was not fresh grilled chicken. It seemed processed and like it isn't grilled fresh in house. The smoothie was horrible - honestly tasted like it was frozen prior to being delivered and super watery. It also came with a peel-away, air tight, cellophane "lid" (kind of like what you would find on top of sour cream) which makes me feel like it's probably manufactured somewhere else. 
Overall, super disappointing.There are multiple salad options in Philadelphia, especially if you live downtown, but Just Salad is my new go-to lunch spot (even though I live next door to honeygrow!). The selections here are what make this place stand out from the others. I, for one, am tired of the uninspiring salads at other chains (hint: sweetgreen). Just Salad brings a new perspective to the table. I had their Greek salad this weekend and absolutely loved it. If you put picked onions on anything, I am won over. I also am excited to try their Buffalo Chicken salad which miraculously has less than 500 calories. The service was particularly friendly, allowing me to sample my dressing beforehand. I was also given a free sample of a peanut butter shake at the door which was out of this world good. I don't often buy smoothies out, because I can make most at home, but at only $5.99 I would definitely consider buying these as a meal replacement or adjunct. I also appreciated that the manager seemed to be sitting with the customers doing work on his computer while people ate. It gave the feeling that this new place is open to feedback and values customer opinions. They are a welcome addition to the neighborhood!Food was great however we were disappointed with the online ordering experience. We ordered two salads, an avocado blast toast, a pressed juice and a detox cleanse smoothie via grub hub given that's the only way to order delivery from Just Salad. The food we actually ate was delicious however they messed up the Tokyo Supergreens Salad w/ Tofu by making it with chicken - for a person who is vegan. Also, they forgot to add the pressed juice to the order and were not able to send it with another driver because they don't have in-house drivers, food is delivered by outsourced drivers via grub hub per single order. I will probably go back for a meal however I will not be ordering online again.Got a wrap and it was pretty good but the name doesn't make sense, if I didn't look at the menu I wouldn't have never known the had other stuff besides salads The name is very misleading.I got the Barbacoa bowl with brown rice and broccoli. It was a bit spicy but underwhelming in taste. My husband got the a turkey salad and it was also a bit bland in flavor.
The decor is nicely done and the staff was very friendly. 
The con is Sweet Greens is down the street and their salads are so much better in comparison.My first time here and wow!! The service was excellent. It's a fast paced salad line, similar to chipotle at high noon. My salad was awesome, the ingredients were fresh, just wish that I had more time to survey the ingredients and decide. I'll definitely go backI'm pretty sure this is my first review...don't bother to take the time. Typing from my extended stay on the toilet right now. Had the cheddar and broccoli soup and chipotle cowboy salad, which were just okay. Not going to aggressively go into details, but incredibly disappointing aftermath.Today was my second time eating here. The first time I ordered at the store, and today I ordered online to pick up. Got the salad back to the office, and on the fourth bite, there was a curly black hair right in there with my lettuce. So I had to throw away a $12 salad after 3 bites. Gave it 2 stars instead of one because the salad I had the first time was very good, though overpriced.This place is a bit hit or miss for me. The concept is great - lots of unique salad options and tons of fixings if you want to make your own - but twice now I've gotten salads from them that aren't what I've ordered. Instead of kale as a base with purple cabbage as a topping, I got a giant bowl of just purple cabbage. I ordered a salad with chicken but they skipped the protein.
All fast casual lunch spots get hectic at the rush hour, but I've never had this issue with Honeygrow or Sweetgreen. Double check what you get before you leave the building, for sure.Just a little underwhelming for the price. Another dollar will get you a much tastier salad at Hip City Veg or Goldie.
I also find some items to be really high in calories for a "healthy" spot. The avo toast is topped with cheese and fried onions. Maybe I'm basic and I like my toast that way too, but it seems like overkill.
They do have a lot of vegan dressings which is awesome!I'm not a salad person but I went with my best friend last night because she recommended. Briana helped me figure out which salad to get which ended up being the modern greek crunch. Tasted really good! Definetly was worth trying and visiting!Committed to eating healthy this year, had a few great meals in the area. I wouldn't consider this one of them. If you're going to commit yourself to one thing... do it better than anyone else. Salad was a 4/10 I could have gotten the same quality at my subsided cafeteria. Just salad left a lot to be to desired the employees were nice place is new and clean but I'd take my money elsewhere. Hope you pick up the quality.Jasmine was nice enough to let me sample the strawberry banana smoothie and enlighten me on everything else that was offered. I'll definitely be back!Move the Sweet Mama Salad to the regular menu. It's the star attraction. Staff is great. Prices are a little steep but it's lunch in center city and the portion size/greens to topping ratio is great.Terrible customer service. Asked the person taking me order to explain my options, only to be answered with "what do you want." She gave me a bowl of spinach with a tiny scoop of chicken because she would not explain the options to someone who clearly could have used an explanation. That is clearly not worth the $11 they charged. I would avoid this place and go to one of its countless competitors that are offering the exact same product but with better customer service.These salads are amazing!! But my only complaint is that they're so overpriced. I ordered the modern Greek crunch salad and it was so delicious! I loved the spicy tahini turmeric dressing, it complemented the salad so well! Definitely gonna visit again but I just wish it wasn't so expensive.Stopped in for lunch with a friend the other day. At 12pm the place was empty - not sure if it was because it was a holiday or because everyone was at sweetgreen.
I got a seasonal salad - the tandoori Fire - and it was just alright. Fresh ingredients and I liked the dressing (yogurt cucumber). But it was just lacking in flavor... my friend ordered the Tokyo supergreens and really regretted not ordering the dressing on the side - she didn't like it at all. Honestly, with so many great and healthy lunch options nearby, I probably won't be back.NOT SAFE FOR ALLERGIES!!!! I placed an order through grubhub for work.  I was very clear on my order that I have an extreme allergy to gluten (among other things) and ordered a build your own grain bowl.  It came to me with no notes that any substitutions were made and so I went about eating it, only to find as I got to the end that they substituted quinoa with farro for my quinoa and lentils.  When I called the store they were less than sympathetic, the half hearted apology came with a "what do you want me to do about it" to which I suggested they at least credit me back (I'm still waiting on that credit).  The part that upsets me the most is that the "supervisor" I was speaking to also told me that he didn't know farro was wheat.  I'm really shocked and stunned that anyone who is running a restaurant in this day an age doesn't know what items in their kitchen are literally poison to millions of customers.  I can't help but warn others with serious allergies from making the same mistake and going to a restaurant, which  cannot keep them safe.  I was in tears on the phone and the "supervisor" made me feel like I was inconveniencing him, when I'm the one who will suffer for the next 6 weeks because of his ignorance. Never again!!!I LOVE Just Salad. (Also, it isn't *just* salad.)  This place is a lifesaver.  No other place in Philly has so many delicious, low-cal options that are incredibly filling!Pretty disappointing.  Got the tandoori fire salad which was not spicy and had no flavor.  Will not try again.  Gave an extra star because the staff was nice.So disappointing. This used to be one of my favorite go to spots but they have really let me down lately. Then run out of many ingredients towards the end of the day and don't bother to replenish them. Would recommend going at lunch time but don't go at dinner time as they always seem to be out of bread, kale, sweet potatoes and more after 5 pm.