Took forever to deliver and I am just blocks away. They claim one driver had ten orders to deliver, ridiculous! After the almost two hour wait, WHAT A DISAPPOINTMENT!! Just the weirdest shrimp scampi I have ever had. They tried to do too much with it. The only good thing was the sweet potato cheesecake. I would give the cheesecake five stars and that's the only thing I would ever get from here again!I've eaten here several times over the past few years and I have to say their service has gotten progressively better. When I first started frequenting this place (mainly ordering takeout) it used to take a VERY long time for my order to be ready. I would order and wait about 45 minutes before picking up and then when I would get there it would take an additional 30-45 minutes before the food was actually ready. So, I stopped going there even though the food was worth the wait. It gets old. I've tried quite a few things on the menu though I usually get the fried chicken platter with greens and potato salad, or the fried whiting with the same sides. I have tried other sides like string beans (too soft), cabbage (good), greens (good), and garlic mash (good). Their fish hoagie is really tasty and their turkey chops are as well. What I love about this place is that it is Black owned. I also love that their food is seasoned well and their portions are big enough to feed a small family. Tonight I ordered fried whiting platters for my fiancé and me and both had 6 pieces of fish with a heaping of sides. Their prices are good and I did not have to wait forever when I went to pick up my order. Nice job on the changes. I will def patronize again.Issa NO for me! The dining room was cold. The food was meh. They pile it on here, but I'll take quality over quantity anyday. The ice tea and lemonade were not homemade. They tasted like the powdered kind you mix with water from the can.
As much as I like to patronize black owned businesses, I wouldn't recommend eating here.
On the plus side our waitress, Tamika, was ok.My first experience there was great. The wait time was a little longer than anticipated but it was certainly worth it. Customer service was great, very courteous. Dinner platters come with two sides. I ordered fried tilapia, greens, yams, and mac and cheese. Tilapia was cooked perfect. Seasoning was on point, greens tender, not soggy. Yams were the icing on the cake for me! Just like my aunt used to make. Mac and cheese was pretty good, just a tad on the salty side. All in all, I'd recommend this place.I don't even know where to began. My co worker asked What am I having for dinner? It was late I really didnt know.  I asked her did she have any ideas.  She suggested this place. I was a little skeptical at first because I have ordered from the one in west Philadelphia. The food was ok nothing to go out of your way for. We placed our orders before we left our job. When we arrived it wasn't many people waiting. It was only a short wait as they gathered our order. I order the fried whiting with string beans and macaroni& cheese. I always order an additional side because I always end up sharing with my oh so loving children. (Im very glad I did) my children was in here fighting over the mac& cheese. Trust they are from stingy with the portions. I had a ton of fish literally.  I have two children they both had 2-3 pieces apiece and I had the same. It still looks like we never ate any. It was well seasoned not salty or bland. Im a hot sauce girl, I didn't put a drop on my food! The prices are pretty decent especially for the amount of food you get. My co worker said they do get very crowded on Sundays and Saturdays. So please call ahead.Food is excellent, sides are massive. But HORRIBLE customer service i waited nearly 2 hours for my food to be delivered not to mention i was on hold for 15minutes waiting to order. I will pick up my food next time before i ever think of having it delivered. Always heard great things about this place glad i got to give it a try sadly i had to rate it a 4 because of the wait time.Their food at both locations is great and seasoned to perfection! And they give you so much food that I eat off 1 platter for 3 days. Should be voted the best soulfood in PhiladelphiaFood is Great!!!! But the service stinks ! I came to pick up my food and the lady seemed like she didn't want to be bothered and had a nasty a** attitude !
Customer service stinks! Won't be ordering from there again.I wanna continue to support small businesses I really do and I already do support my fair share but the quality must improve.
I will say that the food wasnt bad. Mac wasnt the best I've ever had, average tops. Collards were cold but delicious grilled cornbread and the hostess was very apologetic. I've ordered from this place a few times and loved it. Even sent friends
HOWEVER....
At your eatery/restaurant I should NOT
*Have to wait for almost two hours for food AFTER waiting a half hour to be seated, and another 20 mins to have someone come wait on you AFTER pulling any available server working the floor. No reason at all to have that much of a wait time (without being told from the beginning) no matter how busy you are or it being a holiday. Be honest up front about your wait times so that people can choose whether or not they want to stay.
*See roaches or any other types of insects/rodents  (roach fell out of takeout container)
*Servers who can't handle more than one table at a time or behave as I HAVE to give you my $. I don't care how good your food/product is, it doesn't compensate for quality customer service. One server was able to work four tables at one time making sure everyone was taken care of and even accommodated us when our server was often no where to be found or ignoring us. I usually don't tip anything less than 20% wherever I go and though I gave her a tip this is the first time in a long time that I've ever felt in a position to give anyone such a low tip smh
Hire competent staff who want to serve.
*If any of these offenses happen be courteous enough to earn your customer back with a complementary meal or comp card it doesn't have to be for much maybe half the meal or $25 towards a meal. 
20% is not enough to compensate for all of the above. It only came to about $7-9 off of the meal. Let me point out I don't mind paying for my food those were large portions and though I didn't expect a free meal, a little more could have been taken off of that bill.
*The staff (outside of our server) were pretty apologetic but in all honesty they MUST do better. 
Not sure if I'll be back and it's a shame because I want to see them improveAbsolutely delicious!! I had the wings with greens and potato salad.  The corn bread....let me make this clear...I don't eat bread often unless its a sandwich.  This corn bread is the best thing I have ever eaten!!!  If I lived near this restaurant I'm sure I would be here a couple of times a week!  I can't wait to visit again.I ordered their for the first time the food was good the only thing the mac and cheese taste like the edges from the pan a burnt taste and the smoothered pork chops was good just to much fat but everything else was very flavorful i would give them another tryDespite the wait for the food, the jerk chicken and wings were the best I've had in some time! The cornbread was tasty...and buttery,  complete with the old school crust on the bottom.
Truly a diamond in the rough.My Church family had gone to this restaurant about a month ago and raved over the food, service and ambiance. 
Me and my daughters went yesterday and they were not wrong at all. Out waitress was a sweetheart, very accommodating, when she brought out the food I was amazed the size of the  portions were huge. Everything (Salmon, Collard greens mixed with cabbage, yams, mac & cheese, jerk chicken and broccoli) was delicious. We even tried the lemonade which was homemade, excellent as well... I came to work telling my co-workers about my experience. You can definitely tell God's love went into every aspect of this restaurant. I pray Abundant Blessings on this couple and everything they touch it will PROSPER in Jesus name.... Shalom!!This place is the best soul food I've tried in Philly hands down!!!! Best cornbread! Short ribs are massive and full of flavor. Potato salad is the best and so are their green beans. Haven't been disappointed yet and will keep returning.First time here and the food was good. I did have mines to go. I ordered bake Mac and cheese, cabbage, and potatoe salad. I received cornbread with my order and I ordered a slice of pineapple coconut cake. The baked Mac and cheese I must say was awesome. The potatoe salad was too average. Had lots of mayonnaise in it. The cabbage was average also. The cake was ok as well. I would definitely eat here again. My sister ordered the tilapia platter. She loved the fish. So for what I received I spent $30 and only one platter and three sides and a cake. Very expensive eating I must say. If I was to revisit it would only be for the baked Mac and cheese.Typical black owned restaurant. "Good food, poor service. " They opened their doors with an extremely long wait for food but you'd think they would try and correct this problem. No. A few years later and the wait for a platter is still 25-35 mins. if you're lucky. So the next step is to call ahead. Well, you're out of luck on that to. Their phone takes you to the answering machine & it tells you they don't ck it. So you're forced to go to the restaurant and wait the ridiculous amount of time for your food. And this applies to both locations. 
But here's one for the ages, on Pope Saturday, both locations ( which are in primarily black communities) close for the Pope. No sign on the door, people inside but too ignorant to come to the door to say anything. 
I know they've lost lots of $ bec of there lack of caring about their patrons  time. But the no taking orders on the phone and closing early w/o notice or even a sign on the door is fcuked up and plain lazy. Unfortunately they think they've made it, but as I've said in the beginning Typical blacks owned restaurant, "Good food,  poor service. ". 
I don't know if their BS is worth it.Went there yesterday and it was delicious. First off the cornbread is great. I had the beef short ribs. It was a generous portion of meat and the bbq sauce made me want to lick my fingers (ok, I really did). The greens were perfect and the mac and cheese was definitely tasty and homemade. My boyfriend had the chicken alfredo.  I tasted that too. A large is enough for two grown people who eat overly healthy portions. The sauce was done right. Unlike traditional alfredo it had onions and green peppers that were actually a nice twist. This place is a philly must try. They also do karaoke now on certain nights, I believe 2nd and 4th Friday's. But you should give them a call first.Love, Love, Love!!  The best platter ever! I ordered over the phone and when I arrived 20 minutes later, my food  was ready.This is by far the worst service in this horrible city the waiter had a nasty attitude they were playing loud church service over the speaker as if all the customers are Christian the kitchen is open and the foul language was running from there mouths like water it took 20 minutes for tea and I was the only customer in the building. The cook had long nails and didn't wear gloves. The cook have the server the middle finger as if I was not sitting there. They guy bringing in the supplies dropped them and they laughed and he said fuck all y'all not a place where I would bring my family. My food took 45 minutes and I was literally the only customer in the place .Food is great but the wait for carry out is RIDICULOUS. If they shorten the wait time for the customers I would be able to give it 5 stars. The food gets 5 stars but the extended wait time makes it a 3 star.The best breakfast platter I have brought!! Normally I make my own breakfast on the weekends, but this weekend I decided to try it. It did not disappoint either. I had eggs, home fries and bacon with wheat toast. Hands down one of THE BEST. I will continue to come here for great soul food.1) My first experience here was through delivery. I ordered Trky chops, pot sal, Mac & ch, greens (salty) & peach cobbler I know, I was being greedy. The order was delivered at a decent amount of time. However, I realized no peach cobbler. Called the delivery guy he said he'd bring it back it took like 2 hrs. Okay...
2) I picked my food up this time, I spoke to the owner nice lady. Meatloaf, mashed pot & greens.
(Watery substance called gravy) ok my food was good. Worked around the gravy.
3) I had my food delivered gave the person on the phone my address like 4 times I even had her repeat it to me, she said it wrong I told it to her again very slowly. She still wound up giving the driver the wrong address. Sooooo, the driver and I had to communicate to get him on the right track to find my house, after this long wait for my food. Told the gentleman that delivered food about the salt in the greens. He said he'd definitely mention that. He'd take care of me next time I ordered... (Not looking for anything free just don't want to keel over in these greens fr a heart attack) 
 Whiting, pot sal & greens (salty)... Food Good in spite of...
All the platters above, they pile the food on your platter. You def get your money's worth.
4) I had them deliver my platter  BBQ jerk ck, greens (OMG THE ENTIRE BOX OF MORTON SALT) & Mac & Ch....
I was given one price on the phone, when the driver came he gave me a different price. I was given regular jerk ck, I asked for BBQ (no big deal, I have BBQ sauce here), they gave me 2 pieces. The first piece was a thigh (a lil dry but I worked with it, hunger), the second piece was this little dried up drum stick hard & wiry as an old leather shoe!! I could not eat it at all!! A huge disappointment!!  
Soooo, (1st call) I called them once again I told her about the pricing situation, she said she made a mistake and gave me the wrong price (so when you realized that you should've called me back to let me know), (2nd call) about this ck that I cannot eat, these freaking greens that you had to of dropped an entire box of salt in & sold them any way.
The female tells me that the owners will telephone me tomorrow... I'm flabbergasted ... That was 2 weeks ago, I'm still waiting for their call.... will update when they finally call me... Twenty something dollars down the drain~~~
 I always try to give restaurants the benefit of the doubt. Especially certain ones. I definitely give them constructive criticism, because I want to see them prosper. So, I tell them about the areas they can do better in, based on my personal experiences. Customer service is very important, consistency, quality just to name a few things that are core to owning a restaurant. I hope this review has helped. The food is good. I suggest eating in... Or picking your food up & checking it before you leave.
Peace & Blessings~Im in love with this place everything taste delish i love the cat fish, meatloaf,mac & cheese , collard greens i highly recommendI don't care how long I have to wait to receive my food, the quality and portion sizes makes it worthwhile. Their hot wings are amazing!! The food is always fresh and full of flavor. It's a shame this place doesn't stay packed. This is a "hood gem"!! People don't trust me when I talk about the location but everyone I bring becomes a loyal customer!! The owner and staff are very personable!!So I have been going to just to serve you ever since they opened on girard ave. I moved out of Philly now so I only come back to see my parents or handle business. Last night I decided to visit my parents so I placed an order for all of us. I called an hour in advance. I got there and our food was not ready. It was several other people waiting who said they placed orders over an hour ago. People who were sitting at tables were getting up and leaving prior to getting their food. The place was not that busy for the food to take that long!! We counted 9 employees 5 sitting around doing nothing.  I had to inquire about my food 4x and they kept saying 5 minutes, they're bagging it up now. This went on for 30 minutes. I finally got my platters and we headed to my parents house. I have always like their platters every time I got food from their it was delicious so I decided to just overlook the long wait thinking maybe they were having a bad day. I opened my platter it looked good. Under further investigation my Mac n cheese looked skimpy compared to their normal portions, like it was the bottom of the pan and they were trying to stretch it.  My greens tasted burnt, my chicken was salty.  My mom ordered catfish and asked for light salt and it was doused in salt to the point no one could eat it!! I ordered chicken fingers and fries for my daughter we open her platter and no fries!  It's sad to see this place has changed so much, it was good while it lasted and I will never go back. The service sucks, they never even apologized for the delay, they could of thrown in a free desert or took something off the bill for the amount of money we spent, but obviously they don't care about customers. It's sad they won't be around too much longer.Good portions, quick service and solid prices. The food served here is average compared to other similar restaurants. I ordered turkey wings, mac n cheese and collard greens. The flavoring and texture of the food effected the taste of the food. While they give good portions (which is great), the sides and meat was overflowing into each other causing juices and seasonings to mix; thus, I was not able to get the real taste of each thing. I enjoyed the mac n cheese most of all. Everything else was mediocre.Good healthy down home soul food that won't break your pocket but will fill you up.  I thought Big Momma was cooking in the back. I have never been disappointed by anything I had here take the time to treat your self because they really are here Just To Serve YouTheir food is pretty good. I love the turkey wings but haven't been able to get them the last couple times I called. Hence the drop in stars. But I am currently eating the jerk chicken. Pretty good. I like the mac, I've had broccoli. Currently I have yams and mac :) The chicken is a bit spicy for me but I'm pushing through lol. The customer service is ok. I've picked up from both locations with no prob. Next time I hope they have turkey wings lolLet me start of by saying the lady who takes the orders.... short w/o glasses 
She was quite pleasant!
 This place is spotless, very clean!
Each platter has food for DAYSSSS
But the fish lacked flavor , it wasn't seasoned at all
The greens and mac n cheese are to die for
If I had to choose, the restaurant in WP
would be the one I would go toJust to serve you man the fish hogie I had they put no effort to it fish taste like nothing the bread waz not fresh tomatoes taste old and the fries waz not cooked all the way threw waste of 9.18 Dnt get me wrong they used to b good but idk what happened am NT the 1 too put dwn black owned businesses put yall have 2 take pride in what yall serve usFirst time visiting this place after hearing good things about it. After attending a funeral near by on Sat morning it seemed like a good time to try it out. I never got the chance because they stopped serving breakfast at noon. Really guys? I looked at the website prior to my arrival but it never mentioned breakfast hours. Just that they open till 10pm. Oh well, maybe next timeThis used to be one of my favorite soul food spots in Philly, however today was the worse experience ever. When my family and I first arrived, we were not seated. Once we were seated, we had to summon a server to come to our table after waiting for 10 minutes. The staff just stood around. We had to also ask for menus. The waitress did apologize for that but quickly said we just opened up after bring closed for the holidays so we are a little frazzled. I asked if they had herbal tea, she quickly responded and said yes we have mint tea. However when I sipped my mint tea, it was laxative tea (Smooth Move)...smh I watched her look at the tea pack "Mint" is not the same as "Smooth Move". I will never visit this establishment again!!!The workers have bad attitudes, was told to sit at the front which is unbelievable, why have seats in the front if you don't want people sitting there, let alone your patrons sitting there. The food raised my Blood Pressure. They also gave my mom the wrong fish, she asked for Catfish not swai.The food is actually pretty good. Well seasoned, atmosphere is very nice and clean and everyone is friendly. The only reason not 5 stars is...I wasn't crazy on the cabbage. It was cut down all the way and still very hard. I might have gotten mine from a new pot just put on. The string beans had a little too much sodium content for me.  I'm not a salt eater. However, the oaktails were cooked perfect, the fried catfish hands down delicious and Mac and cheese to die for!!!! I will be back for sureThis was my first visit to this restaurant and although it took quite a while for our food to come it was delicious!!! I see some of the reviews talking about the price but I think that for a hefty(portion) home cooked meal that the prices weren't bad at all. I must warn you though that after a great meal I ordered (2) pieces of cake to take home for dessert for my husband and myself. The cakes were absolutely HORRIBLE!!!! I do plan on visiting again and I plan to ask how can they serve the great food that they do and then sell those incredibly expensive ($4 each), horrible slices of cake that they do. The cakes ( lemon pound and carrot) were both dry as the sierra dessert. I understand that when cake is refrigerated that it loses some of its moisture but these slices were either very old or just horrible from the start... BEWARE AVOID THE CAKE!!!The customer service is horrible. They did not have an item on the menu. The food is not consistent. Some days it's good and some days it's trash. The food was way too salty and greasy. The ribs were too tough and the yams were just gross. I honestly believe the owners have become comfortable with having a good reputation that they are allowing their staff to bring the quality of food down. I've had two recent bad experiences and choose to never spend my money here again. Message to the owner: never get that comfortable. Check on your staff and how your business is going. I wish everyone would stop going here so you can see that you are expendable then maybe your quality would be a priority.Great little spot, food was great ppl were pleasant. I had fried chicken, potato salad and collard greens with cornbread square. My friend had spare ribs collard greens and mac&cheese you know I had to taste the mac & cheese  and was good. I didn't care for the ribs just a little to tough for my liking. The strawberry lemonade was good too!
Great portion! 
This weekend I will be trying their breakfast!Always satisfied with their food. Their portions are enough for two or leftovers.  The food is made to order so be prepared to wait.Delicious!!!!!! We've been here a few times & service was great almost every time (they struggled a little when they had a really large party - but they apologized profusely & even apologized when we returned to dine 2 weeks later). The food is delicious, no matter what we try on the menu. This little spot is one of my favorites!!!!I've eaten two dinner/lunch platters and a breakfast platter from the Olney location. The food tastes delicious and they definitely pack the white platter box full of food, except for the breakfast platter, which tasted great, but they made sure the soul food platters were heavy. The fact that they pack so much food into platter boxes justifies the somewhat higher price because you most likely won't finish all your food in one seating. Service wise I've never had an issue, food does take a while to be made but it isn't fast food so I expected a bit of a wait. 
I would highly suggest this soul food place to anyone, I would just recommend they bring more cash than they would pay for the near-by fast food places and have time to wait for their food to be made.The delivery service was excellent.  That is why the 3 stars. I ordered the fried tilapia sandwich. I didn't want French fries and asked if I could swap them for candied yams. No but I could have the yams as a side order. When the food arrived, I was disappointed.  An open face sandwich of 2 slices of wheat bread and 2 very nice pieces of tilapia. The fish was good. I wish the sandwich came with lettuce, tomatoes, or onions. I asked about the cobblers but no luck. It was on a Sunday. Considering my bill was just under $19, I was very disappointed.  I will try one of entrees before I decide whether or not to continue to purchase from them.That food is made with LOVE!!! We did not expect to get so much food for the price we paid. There was enough left for a whole nother meal. It was seasoned to perfection. And that cornbread......I'm not even a cornbread person but it was the best I ever had. I didn't wanna stop eating it. Our server Meek and the hostess were super nice also! I'm most definitely coming back!!Recently went with some friends due to one of them going for the first time and I have to agree with her - this spot is a gem. The neighborhood was throwing me off a bit but once you step inside, you enter a completely different atmosphere. Friendly staff, nice and clean, home feel, and the food is great. I will certainly be back. Again, only went once, but it is certainly being added on to my food spots. I'll be taking other friends soon.
Oh, and the food portion for the price is amazing.If large portions and good home cooked soul food is your thing, this place is the joint! I thought that I was not going to have much food. So ordering the catfish breakfast with eggs over hard and home fries with peppers and onions, I thought that it couldn't be much food. Was I mistaken! Freshly cooked, it took some time for the food to be served. Since I came with friends I had not seen in a while, it was a good opportunity to catch up, joke and enjoy the fellowship. When the food arrived, the catfish was tender, moist and decently season. The home fries were the star of the plate with just enough crisp to add texture. Then there was the cornbread! Oh my goodness. Buttered, it's like manna. I want more...
Looking on the outside it does not look appealing. But don't let the outside fool you. It is a comfort food delight well worth the wait. I highly recommend it...The food is very delectable and the serving size is more than generous. It takes a while to be served but when the food is freshly prepared this is to be expected. Customer service/waitress needs to be a little more refined. Workers from the street were coming in and out the kitchen. I will definitely go back. Oh and the price is nice.This place has great soul food in the Olney area if you're looking. The fried fish is amazing and so is the Mac and cheese! Go try it!One of the best finds.  Not only was everything cooked perfect, but the portions made me feel I was at my grand mothers house.  So large, dinner for 2 nights.  I had Turkey Chops and my man had beef ribs.  Only wish I could of had room for dessert.I gave 3 stars because the food is always consistent and the lady that does the cash register (on a regular basis) is always very kind, however!!!!... today Easter Sunday April 1, 2018 there was a women in there assisting who was very rude and nasty. She was not pleasant at all. Only time she opened her mouth was either to complain or order someone around. Very negative energy. If I had to see her there on a regular basis I would NEVER spend my money there again!I was very displeased with my food. I ordered Fried fish, Mac n cheese and greens. Let's just say throw the whole platter in the trash! My fish was cooked in old grease, my greens were mushy and tasted like spinach and my Mac and cheese was very dry. To top it off.. it was very expensive. I'll pass!!!So this is my 1st time ordering from this place. When I 1st walked in it was cozy inside and nice I ordered the fried chicken platter (6wings) it comes with 2 sides and cornbread for $12 I order mac n ch, and yams. 1st turn off was the wings were so big I hate that and they were not good at all they were under season and soggy. Mac and ch, was salty and yams were not sweet and they don't use yams they use sweet potatoes and it was so stringy and I kept choking so I just stopped eating all together. I also had a side of collard greens and they were cooked to perfection but we're very salty. It only takes one time for me so I won't b ordering from there again. Oh my grand mom ordered the turkey wings smothered in gravy she liked it and cornbread was dry i was very dissapointed and they do give you good size portions of everythingWhere do I even begin? An order was placed at 7:14pm for two chicken wing platters and a slice of cake. At 8:44pm we called back and was told that the order was going out. Just to Serve You Too is about 10mins from my house, if that, but we gave it another hour before calling back at 9:44pm. We were told with an attitude, "I have two drivers out, the order is on its way."  10:13pm, still hadn't received the order. At this point, the woman who answers the phone finally decided to ask someone about the order and was told that the order was still sitting in the restaurant. Her response, "You have got to be kidding me." She then asks, "Do you want to warm it up?" How do you ask a customer this? Who really wants to reheat food that they ordered from a restaurant? Why should I have to reheat food when it was delayed to circumstances outside of my control, especially when I'm paying $36 for two platters and a slice of cake? The only reason we considered keeping this order was because there's nowhere else to get food at this hour. 10:46pm we get a call from the delivery driver and he's at the wrong address. He stated that he was given the wrong address at the restaurant. I am truly speechless about this whole ordeal. Horrible doesn't even begin to describe this customer service experience. There's no way that this many errors should occur, let alone with one order. The wrong address was the last straw and at this point we decided that we didn't want the order. The woman who answers the phone then proceeded to say that she threw in the slice of cake, a juice and the wings were just fried. You should've comped one of those platters to attempt to retain a customer. How do you think that a slice of cake and a juice is an appropriate offer when we've been waiting for almost four hours for two platters and a slice of cake, and we had to deal with someone's attitude because we were inquiring about our order? Had she checked on our order the first time we called, we probably would've received those platters. If I could've left no star for this experience, I would have. I'm not sure if you've changed management since the last time I was at your restaurant but I never would've expected any of this from my previous visits or delivery orders placed to your restaurant. So, at 11pm I'm heading to the kitchen to reheat my leftovers from Sister Muhammad's Kitchen where I could've ordered my chicken wing platter from to begin with. I'm also wondering if you had had this experience, would you consider returning to a business that had treated you this way? Why should I patronize your restaurant and not one of the other Soul Food restaurants the next time I'm looking to order a platter?I am not from the area and was asked to help out at an event my church was hosting for shelter families by pick up a catered order of macaroni and cheese from here yesterday. Upon entering the set up did seem nice. I gave the name for the pick up and the one cashier went into the kitchen and came back saying they don't have an order under that name.  The other cashier that was at the register rudely turns around to inform her "it's back there,  I put the order in today, they know what it is" meanwhile she never interacted with me at all. Finally she turns to tell me how much to pay. I paid $43 and some change and a short wait later a young man brings out a small half aluminium pan of the mac and cheese.  I was surprised by that small pan for the money.  The young man tried to just hand me the extremely hot aluminium pan by itself, I had to ask him to put it in a bag and all he did was throw a plastic bag around the order therefore it was still extremely hot.  No napkins were offered,  no utensils nothing. I didn't even get a thank you for your purchase. I just left knowing I'd never order from them again.  The treatment I received was unwelcoming and  was as though my order was an inconvenience and not appreciated. I will take my money elsewhere and not recommend friends or family to this establishment.I have "never" received a bad meal here,and this is the truth.The mac and cheese is like my own.I am a cook and baker myself,so i know good food when i taste it.You'll love the food too.Don't pay attention to haters or disgruntled former employees of this place.Rest assure,it's all good at this place.The first time we went the food was delicious. I had the oxtails & my family all had the wings. Everything was fine. The wait was a little long but not too bad if the food was being prepared fresh.  Today was another story. We waited over an hour for our food. They kept telling is the food would be out 10 min. Then 5 min. It was another 10 minutes on top of that. They were flying food out of the kitchen for pick-up orders.  The host then asked us if it was worth the wait. We told her no. The fried chicken was sitting in collard green juice. The greens & mac & cheese were very salty. They managed to give us $6 off our order which really wasn't worth it.My husband and I were visiting from Chicago and found this restaurant through a Google search. We both ordered the fried catfish. Mine with double green beans. His with collard greens and yams. Both orders came with cornbread. I also ordered banana pudding for desert. My husband ordered yellow cake with chocolate frosting. First off it took over an hour to receive our order. That was ridiculously long for such a simple order. The catfish and cornbread were delicious! However, I could not enjoy my string beans because of the strings choking me. Had I known they were going to be string beans over green beans, I never would have ordered it. I absolutely love green beans, but I loathe string beans. My husband liked the collard greens. But he could not even eat the yams because they were burnt. My banana pudding was not the down home style I was looking for. The pudding was too rich and sweet, but lacked enough wafers to give the crust. My husband said his cake was dry as it could not pass the fork test for moisture. I will say the staff was very friendly. The decor was very dated, but clean. I could not help but notice though how everyone had to wait a very long time for their orders. This is not a restaurant I would visit again.I use to love this place until the other day.
My family ordered shrimp alfredo. We got the alfredo and the shrimp in it was chewy/rubbery myself and my mother was throwing up all night. We called the place they offered to give us our money back then called back to tell us there was no way it couldn't have been their food because the shrimp are brought pre-cooked and that we wouldn't be getting our money. 
For 2 people who had the meal to be sick after eating it, SOMETHING was wrong with it. Take responsibility of your faults. We won't give them our money again.First off, this was my first time ordering from here. My husband raved about this place and me, being the foodie that I am, decided to give it a try. When we walked in, we weren't acknowledged or even asked the simple question "hi, how are you?" 1st strike. I asked a question about the menu and was rudely answered from a walking away employee. That was the 2nd strike. The prices were the next thing I was confused about. A large chicken wing platter is $14.04?! Ridiculous. But anyway, proceeded with my order. We get the okay that the order is confirmed so we head back to the car to wait. In 5 minutes, we come back to check and the girl who didn't acknowledge us, make eye contact or even say "what can I get for you?" decided to tell us to wait in the back. 3rd strike. They're out. This is a RESTAURANT. Why am I being told where to wait? I will not be back. The customer service is not good enough for this place to be so damn high. $14.04 should have waaaaay better service and I HOPE the food is as high as their attitude.
Update: THE FOOD WAS DEFINITELY NOT WORTH THE WAIT. The chicken wings were large but they were so salty. Too salty. The macaroni and cheese with the collard greens were bland. Our platter was sitting before my husband came to grab it and not so much as a "I apologize for letting your food sit for 10 minutes and not going to check on your ONE platter to see if it was done." Will take my business elsewhere. They clearly have enough money to have bad customer service and charge an arm and leg for ONE large chicken wing platter.I ordered oxtails at 1130 right after they opened and this is what I got! They told me I had bring it back for and exchange because they don't do REFUNDS!!!  Tell me how I'm supposed to enjoy this on my lunch break!!???This is the worst experience I've ever had with Just To Serve You. I placed an order at 3pm (5th Street location).  When I asked how long it will be for the order to be ready for pick up I was told 25-30 minutes. I arrived at 4pm and my order still wasn't ready. When I got home, my order consisted of three burnt chicken wings and burnt macaroni-n-cheese.  My husband also ordered wings and some of his wings still had feathers. I was so ready for some good food!I usually have a good exploration experience but on Friday I ordered Mac and cheese tailapia and yams. The yams were great but the fish had no seasoning I think because they used all the salt they had in the Mac and cheese. I couldn't even eat my food it was horrible, if only Vernies didn't close so early.  $40 down the drain ( I got 2 platters?I can no longer patronize this establishment. I just left with my food after ordering at 7:11 PM and being told it would be 25 minutes. I know the time I ordered because I overheard a woman in the kitchen at 7:46 PM, ask what time it was after looking at the slip. I want to support black owned businesses and local businesses but they have taken their general slow service to an unacceptable level. After waiting for only one meal for almost an hour, there wasn't even a sorry or an offering of a complimentary drink. Extremely poor business practices compound to make their food, while tasty, not worth it.My only problem with this place is they use hot pepper flakes in broccoli and in mashed potatoes and I had to send it back. Who cooks like that without putting on the menu. Not everyone eats spicy foodsI've eaten two dinner/lunch platters and a breakfast platter from the Olney location. The food tastes delicious and they definitely pack the white platter box full of food, except for the breakfast platter, which tasted great, but they made sure the soul food platters were heavy. The fact that they pack so much food into platter boxes justifies the somewhat higher price because you most likely won't finish all your food in one seating. Service wise I've never had an issue, food does take a while to be made but it isn't fast food so I expected a bit of a wait. 
I would highly suggest this soul food place to anyone, I would just recommend they bring more cash than they would pay for the near-by fast food places and have time to wait for their food to be made.Delicious fried chicken and Mac & Cheese! Kind, courteous, soft-spoken staff. I'm glad I stopped.
They also have an upstairs room for large parties! Check them out!This place is the best, the food is oh sooooooo gooooood me and my family were introduce to just to serve you, too from a friend and we are hook. We have ordered the chicken, ribs, salmon and talapia the mac and cheese and those greens be saying something. Oh yea my daughter said don't forget about the sweet potatoes and the dynamite potatoes salad. This food is delicious and it has you coming back for more. The workers are very professional and serve you with a smile. As well as the delivery  men to, we use this service to lol from my family to yours we would like to say thank you for good eating. Thanks saranay for sharing this spot with use.So far , every time I've been there it's been DELICIOUS ! The food is good quality and amounts are generous ! I wish I took the time to take a picture but I always find myself searching for the last piece of greens before I realize that I forgot to take one . My favorite is the beef short rib . Please listen to me when I say even the cheapest plastic knife can slice right through it like butter  it is to die for every time , along with the Macaroni & Cheese , Collard Greens , Yams & PLEASE DO NOT FORGET THE POTATO SALAD ! Like I need to know who's in the kitchen getting down like that . They have such a comforting home cooked taste . Now for the cons : more like constructive criticism : The cornbread is always over cooked (when I go) maybe just shorten the time or turn down the heat ? It has a great flavor ! Just needs less time in the oven . & the wait time . They HAVE gotten better & the food is definitely worth it so I suggest calling your order in ? Over all , a great place ! One more thing ... DO NOT FORGET THE POTATO SALAD !  (it's so good !)The service in this restaurant is unpleasant and unprofessional. 1. The phone is not in service , you are only available to order online thru Grubhub. 2. Grub only delivery half of our order. 3. The fried chicken breast was burnt. 4. We had to Drive to the actual restaurant Because we couldn't call the actual restaurant to tell them the mistake. 5. We get to the restaurant and the didn't apologize for the mistakes of not sending our complete order with Grubhub, and burning the chicken. 6. We had to ask for compensation of waiting and driving to come get the food we paid delivery and tips for. Bottom line the service was unacceptable and they will never get our business again.First off they only got this review because the food was AWESOME! Seriously. I ordered bbq chicken, meatloaf, Turkry wings. Sides were cabbage string beans and mac and yams. Now everything was mamas cooking good. But with that said they lost stars from the slow serivce and half asses delivery issues. They took over two hours and forgot half my order i had to wait for them to bring it back..then got hung up on 5 times throughout this issue. Again great good and i would order again but to pick up next time.The food is not as good as it was before. My platters lacked taste and was definitely not worth the money. Also, good customer service skills (Hello! and/or Thank you!) are definitely NOT one of the qualifications to work here. You will not experience these qualities via phone nor pickup. 
Food is totally gross and I will not be returning. I would rather patronize another business where quality and good customer service is a priority!This is my second time getting food from here. I wasn't as happy with it this time. I ordered the fried chicken, with Mac and cheese and cabbage. The chicken was a breast and wing. The breast was really big and moist and crispy. The wing however was really really salty. Like the bottom of the fry mixture salty (if you work in a restaurant, you know what I mean).
The cabbage was the worst part. It was not cut up into small pieces. They were really large pieces, and it looked like the first layer of a head of cabbage (green, thick). I even had a huge spine layer on my platter. I still would recommend but not the cabbage.This was my very 1st time trying this place. I ordered my food at 8pm for delivery & didn't arrive until 10pm. 2 hours later! That was my 1st problem. As soon as the food arrived I instantly opened the bag & noticed the bag was leaking from 1 of the platters. Both of the platters were completely scattered. Not only that, I was missing 2 items. When I call the girl at the front desk catches an attitude saying they put my items in the bag & then connected me to the manager. After myself explaining once again that my 2 items weren't in the bag she said that the driver was really busy & that she'll call me when he's on his way. Never received a call! So I call the next day & they transfer me to manager who tells me that she spoke to me last night & I said that I did have my 2 items. Once I gave her my address & phone number she realized she spoke to a different customer. No apologies or anything. Overall food was good except yams that were extremely sweet. Sloppy platters, sloppy service. Overpriced. Will be my first & last time I order from this place. Thanks but no thanks.You never know who is walking into your establishment. So I won't say who I am but I called at 7:35 (after trying 3 times already and it being busy) to place my order for pick up. I arrived around 8:00. The lady said it wasn't ready yet. At around 8:30 I got up and asked how long and she said ten more minutes. (After saying on the phone 30-35 minutes it's been 50 minutes.) at 8:45 she said 5 more minutes. At this point it's been over an hour since I placed my order over the phone. 
At 9:00pm my order is ready (an hour and a half later.) When I pay one of the servers wants to start telling me about how they didn't have some of the food and blah blah blah. All the stuff NO customer wants to hear. Either have the food or close the doors. Unacceptable. And I was offered an extra piece of cornbread as if that would compensate me for the hour of my time they just wasted that I will NEVER get back. You are in need of serious staff training. Hopefully this helps. And I won't be back if you couldn't tell by this review. Time is the ONLY thing in this life we CANT get back and the least your staff could do is respect people's time and be HONEST about what's going on in the establishment. It goes a long way. Trust a stranger.