Great food at great prices! I work down the street and wish I had tried this sooner. Definitely recommend.I absolutely love this place. I go out of my way to come here at least once a month. The food is so filling, quickly served, and very inexpensive. After one of their $7 meals I have to waddle out of the restaurant because I get so full! This place is definitely worth a try - I'll assure you that you'll be back in no time.So it's been a couple of years since my original review.  I've been at Jyoti a few times since and have really enjoyed not only the meals and desserts but the service has been much more amiable, kind and helpful.
I *may* have originally been too hard on them, or might have just caught them at a bad time in the business cycle (just having opened, super stressful).  Either way my family eats Jyoti regularly, enjoys it greatly and we view it as extremely affordable food, on par with Chinese, that is of higher quality than most other types of restaurants around the area, especially for vegetarians.
Their carry-out is phenomenal, travels *quite* well and their meals are always not only great tasting but feel nutritious and healthy, like other culturally traditional meals that have full or nearly full nutrient profiles.
Thanks for bringing a great new option to Mt. Airy guys.  Be well!At jyoti you get fair prices for a good amount of food.    The service has always been fine for me. It's a to go restaurant so how bad could it possibly be? They always have a good selection of vegetarian options and their butter chicken is banging!This is a great find. Such delicious Indian food at very reasonable prices. All very clean, fresh. Service very nice and quick. Easy to pay with square cash/ credit card program. Easy to park. 
Food a bit fattening, so I can't eat it every nite, otherwise, I would!These ladies at Jyoti could not be nicer! I walked in and felt their huge hearts immediately and for that alone I want to give this corner bistro 5 stars. 
And the food- tasted like hearty home cooking! Maybe the kind that your grandma would make If you were of Indian descent. The rice is flavorful as are the samosas, and the home- made  chutneys were tangy, flavorful and delicious!  
My only complaint comes in the food sensitivity category and I know this is a personal one as I am uber super sensitive, so everyone else can ignore and just go frequent this place for the cozy and warm atmosphere and taste. For those few others like me-There was some ingredient that behaves in my body not so well in the vegetarian dishes I tried. It could have been a veggie stock that always seem to have some kind of "flavor enhancer" or perhaps it was a pre-packaged spice blend which I know from frequenting the Indian markets, some brands have them as well. I usually frequent Indian restaurants not only because I live the food and the culture, but because I can eat a clean meal away from home without reactions in my body. Not so much this time.... 
So, I will come back for chai and appetizers, and maybe work with the dry curries and ask more questions before I order next time!I've tried JIB a few times since it opens and it seems to be getting better and better. There's a new manager, delightful woman, who is a big upgrade over the old manager, who I found to be pretty surly. They've made some interesting new additions to the menu. I especially love the Mumbai (or is it Bombay? can't remember) panini, which might be my new favorite sandwich, competing only with the Fu Wah tofu hoagie. Overall, the restaurant is a great value. I'd love to see some outdoor seating added in the future.Two stars.  
I could not give this restaurant 1 star because the butter chicken and dal makhani are very tasty and inexpensive.  However, they will sell you stale steam-table rice that has hardened and caked up and then get offended when you return it to be exchanged.  It is a complete disservice to the customer to have began eating a meal just to find the rice is inedible and needs to be returned.  What makes it worse is when the server then tries to argue with you about how it is indeed "fresh" because it was made that "morning".
Completely turned me off. I'll make my own dal makhani in a pressure cooker or go to Tiffin before I endure bad attitudes and servers who don't seem to appreciate the customers.Very impressed! Their food was fresh and delicious! Very affordable and is easily becoming my second favorite Indian spot in Philly next to New Delhi.This restaurant is relatively new but very cool. The people who work here are super friendly and orders are always ready quickly. The seating inside is not ample but they're great for take out. The prices are really reasonable and the menu selection is awesome. Recommended!Hands down best authentic Indian food you'll get!  If you do not like REAL Indian food and want watered down versions do not go here (try tiffin).... Best ras mali and malai kofta I've ever eaten!The butter chicken is so delicious ,it's perfectly moist and well seasoned. I love their naan, only wish they had mango Chutney,but everything is good and the owners are so friendly and nice. A nice addition to the neighborhood.Well, we really really wanted this place to be great. It is not great--- it is a solid three star good. I agree with all the other reviews-- it tastes like pretty mass produced Indian food -- not bad and worth the price, which is modest and about right. The bread was bad though. I hope they can work that out. And there were no included chutneys or other sauces that we have become accustomed to from other places. But the three entrees we got (with one appetizer) fed our family of 6.
About half the price of Tiffin with half the quality and no wait. About what we expected, a little less than we hoped.Smalll little place, great for takeout. It's like subway but with indian food. All the food is premade and ready to go. They have great lunch special for maybe $8-9 that includes rice, a mini side salad and naan. It was plenty to fill me up and i have a big appetite. I got a couple of the vegetarian options and they were really well spiced. I will be back!I've eaten here before and my daughter had an allergic reaction to the food she ate. The woman who is always serving the food had no idea what ingredients were in the food and showed no concern when I told her my daughter was vomiting and could hardly breathe. This could have been deadly for my child because she said there were no nuts in the food she ate. My daughter has not eaten food from there since because I don't that she won't have another reaction.  They clearly don't know what they put in there food. The lady in the kitchen who cooks the food looks grumpy as hell and always seems irritated that she has to do her job, COOK.Very good selection of food.  I love the summer chat salad also butter chicken and any paneer dishes.  I recommend the specials of the day too!  They also let you sample some of the items!I've tried JIB a few times since it opens and it seems to be getting better and better. There's a new manager, delightful woman, who is a big upgrade over the old manager, who I found to be pretty surly. They've made some interesting new additions to the menu. I especially love the Mumbai (or is it Bombay? can't remember) panini, which might be my new favorite sandwich, competing only with the Fu Wah tofu hoagie. Overall, the restaurant is a great value. I'd love to see some outdoor seating added in the future.
Update---I was there tonight and it was a zoo. Still, the service was outstanding. This place gets better and better. Love the cheese curry Saturday special.I really love this place.  I've been living in Mt. Airy for about 5 years and during much of that time, craved Indian food.  I could never bring myself to order from Tiffin due to the high prices and lackluster reviews, so I was delighted when Jyoti opened just a block or two from my home.
It's absolutely true that the food isn't prepared on site and it's more "cafeteria style," i.e., you walk in and order whatever you want, and they package it up for you on the spot.  But the food is very tasty, well-spiced, and well prepared, and you can't beat a meat entree, vegetable side, rice, salad, and naan for $8.50.  It's almost like Indian fast food, but the quality is excellent.
I took off 1 star because the last time I ordered, the naan was a little too doughy for my liking.  But I'm looking forward to tonight's order of butter chicken and dal makhani.  Mmmmmmm.The prices are great but as far as Indian food goes it's bottom of the barrel.  It tastes like the packaged indian food you buy at the grocery store.   Very disappointed as it would be great to have a lower priced Indian take out restaurant nearby.Poor service. Quite rigid for a Indian fast food place. Was excited to try this place. So I ordered al la carte and the discovered I wanted a side salad - in the fridge mind you. I was told I could not change my order to the platter that comes with the side salad. What??? This is preprepared food! What was so difficult??? I will never eat here again.I came here to get a little snack at the end of the day. I ordered the buttered chicken and veggie samosa. They were both pretty good! I never had the buttered chicken before. The veggie samosa was refreshing and only three dollars! I will definitely visit again to try the classic chicken curry. The customer service was great I'll add!Went here while the wife was out of town since she's prefers standard fare. The place is small, but well accommodated and the food smelled great. I, like some other reviewers, was surprised that the majority of the entrees were pre-prepared, but that didn't dissuade me one bit. In fact, let's be honest, most restaurants at this price point are going to have a certain number of dishes either full prepared or partially prepared you're just not going to know it because they're hidden behind the kitchen walls. 
I went a little crazy with ordering but I wanted to try a few different things. I ordered the Samosas(1 order), Naan (1 order), Butter Chicken (Medium) and the Saag Paneer (small) and some Gulab Jamun (1 order) for dessert. Everything was very tasty and I thought well spiced. I was in India just last year and while the food I had there may have been more strongly spiced, I found Jyoti's offerings to be not that far off the mark. Have I had better Indian cuisine in my travels? Sure. Have I had worse? Heck yeah! But for everyday, fast, take out Indian I'm not sure I could do much better around here. So to me it's a solid 4 stars with a side of Naan. 
Service was pleasant and welcoming and no complaints about my butchering any of the names of items on the menu. 
Oh, I ordered enough food for probably 3 people to feel satisfied and now have leftovers for today. Hooray me!
On a related note: PLEASE SUPPORT OUR LOCAL RESTAURANTS AND SHOPS IN MT AIRY!!! We recently lost Food For All that was right up the street from Jyoti, which is a shame because they had some great casual food items. We need businesses to thrive here to keep the community strong. So if you like it, support it with your hard earned dollars. Namaste.I ordered out from Jyoti this evening with my family. We ordered the Butter chicken which was DELICIOUS, as well as the channa masala and the black dal. Everything was flavorful and much cheaper than many of the other indian restaurants in the area.  This is definitely going to be our go to indian take out place in Mt. Airy!Very affordable food- perfect to pop in for lunch. The environment is very relaxed and the owner is so nice. I came in for the first time and she was giving me samples of everything making sure that I was getting exactly what I wanted. Going to this restaurant felt more like stopping over to a friends house simply because the owner was so friendly and accommodating. If you can, try to saag paneer or the vegetable korma- absolutely delicious!Love! Fast, friendly, and many of the courses are nut-free (I have food allergies so this is a huge plus for me as many other Indian places use a lot of cashews). Not to mention it's DELICIOUS and the woman at the counter always tells me I'm pretty. :)meh. There wasn't anything necessarily wrong with the food. I had chicken tikka masala with rice and an order of nan. It was just very ordinary, like if I had tried to make chicken tikka masala myself, this is what it would've tasted like. You know, meh, nothing special a good attempt at a usually very delicious western/Indian fusion mainstay. The lady behind the counter was super nice though. If they could bring up their game, while maintaining their price point, and service with a smile, I would return again. Until then, I'll probably look elsewhere when I have a hankering for some Indian takeout.Went there once when it was new, and thought 'meh' but ok, I like the idea of an Indian restaurant in my neighborhood.  Maybe I'll try it again some day.  That day was about six months later. 
There is a large (probably load bearing)  beam directly in front of the doorway so it's  impossible to get in with a stroller or wheelchair.  Or even if you're carrying a lot of parcels or shopping bags or are in any way not steady on your feet.  That's why I can't go there easily otherwise I would have gone back sooner.  So I went there again this summer.  
Anyhow, the menu is set up with food available every day, and also daily veg & nonveg specials.  I decided to try their kati roll.  According to their menu you get it with the veg or nonveg dish of the day.  The nonveg one is $6.  
The first time I went there I walked up to the counter to order and had to wait a minute until the woman finished her personal phone call.  Then I asked for a kati roll with shrimp malabar (Thursday's dish of the day at that time).  She said they only do it with chicken.  I tried to explain that the menu says they do it with the dish of the day,  but she didn't understand.  Oh well.  I got it with chicken.  I was charged $7 and change for it (I don't remember the exact cents).  Which does not make sense...  $6 plus 8% Phialdelphia tax should be $6.48.   I paid it anyways and left unhappily.
I got home and tried it.  Chicken was so  bland!! Bread was so  dry!! I know Jyoti is well known for their prepared foods.  I don't know if they actually prepare foods fresh in their restaurant or if they just open up a can but in this review, I will give them the benefit of the doubt and assume this bland, dry food is their best attempt at  fresh made and not from a can.  Maybe it's the same stuff that goes in the can in their factory, they just bring it to the restaurant without canning it.
Between the difficulty getting through the door, the menu discrepancy, being overcharged, and the bland food, I am never going back.  None of my friends and family will be going there  either.  My second visit was no better... maybe even worse. There won't be a third visit.
All that aside one thing I think is awesome that they do is they recycle & compost.  Or at least they have separate cans for that... hopefully it doesn't end up in the same place once it goes out back.  But that's the only thing they have going for them.I just went to Jyoti to get take-out.  The last two times I have been there, the woman behind the counter has been chit-chatting on the phone the entire time.  
Terrible customer service!!!  
By the way, when I said something, she said "it's the office."  Well, if that "were" the case, then they would understand that she had customers in line.Best Indian food I've had in Philly so far! I'm Indian so take it from me that I've had my fair share of trying out different places all over. I mean you know it's good when you can see grandma making food in the back!  Reasonably priced and convenient too since it's been made ahead of time. Highly recommend the butter chicken and saag paneer!I hope the owners see this review, because this establishment has great potential that it is not meeting. I hope the place improves and becomes a sustained presence on Germantown Ave. in Mt. Airy, unlike so many subpar restaurants that have failed. I ordered food from here on the week it opened and dined in a month or so later. The concept of a combination plate for around $8-$9, with rice, vegetarian dish, bread, and meat (optional) is very attractive in theory. The workers are pleasant and patient with the customers. 
There are two gaping problems, however, with the food. First, the portion served of the meat dish is very small, maybe a few morsels of chicken and some sauce. Now I don't expect a 12 oz steak for $9, but I left feeling the need to eat more protein at home. My mother, who is small framed and has a smallish appetite, dined here and felt the same way. 
Second, the dishes were mostly lacking in substantial flavor. There was virtually no spice. A single simple flavor, usually something resembling tomato, dominated. This is in stark contrast to the best Indian restaurants, where each dish combines a range of flavors--say sweet, salty, and spicy--in one. Butter chicken and chicken tikka masala were downright bland, and I cannot see this place appealing to anyone experienced in decently-prepared Indian food. 
I would never return here unless I heard news of substantial improvements. I think I would be better off purchasing frozen Indian entrees from Whole Foods, if I wanted Indian food in a rush.I wish I would've visted Joyti sooner. What a pleasant surprise. I love Indian food, but I seldomly get as much as I would like to because of not knowing of any good places near me. Well, now I've got Joyti and it had been waiting for me to make my way over.
Countless times I've driven past this little food treasure chest containing delicious butter chicken, chicken tika masala, biryani, naan bread and much more I haven't tried yet! I had been nonchantly taking my time to try this place because I had the impression that it was vegetarian only. However, coincidentally, my aunt brought some food from Joyti for my birthday potluck. I enjoyed it so much I wanted to get some myself and was thrilled to know it came from a place in the neighborhood.
They have a variety of to-go options for a reasonable price. I love that I can get a little taste of India in Mt. Airy/Chestnuthill/Germantown.I give this restaurant a great rating in regards to quality and taste of food. The food is absolutely delicious. The eggplant and butter chicken curry are absolutely delicious. The elderly woman who makes the food couldn't be nicer. However, it is unbelievable that she is being expected to cook, serve the customers, answer the phone and takes orders. As a result, paying customer have to wait for a significant period of time to get their food. The fact that the owners of Jyothi refuse to hire another person to manage the front is appalling and selfish. For this reason, I gave a low rating so that the owners of this establishment would take notice.I recently moved to Philly from Chicago. I have been bouncing around trying different places and I came across Jyoti and decided to give it a try. It was some of the best indian food I have had in awhile. All the flavors you would expect are there and if you don't know much about indian spices, flavors and food you are in for a treat. I highly recommend the butter chicken and the Matar paneer. The samosas and naan are flavorful as well.Everytime that I have visited this restaurant I have been completely ignored, given a lot of attitude, and left feeling like my business was unappreciated. I went in there tonight and the usual woman who serves the food completely disregarded my presence  and continued a long drawn out discussion with a friend of hers for at least 3 minutes. Not once did anyone ask me if I needed any help. She is extremely rude to me every time I have  visited and I will never go back! Plus, the food is not even great.Excellent and quick with a great price point.
For a long time when it came to Indian (or South Asia) food it was Tiffin or nothing, now there's a second choice in Jyoti's Bistro.  The menu is smaller with some rotation but the quality is excellent and the prices are far better then Tiffin with much quicker turn around between order and delivery with little to no sacrifice when compared to Tiffin.I've given this place a few tries and have been disappointed repeatedly.  The food is mediocre, standard Indian food, nothing special.  The portions you get for the price you pay isn't worthwhile at all imo.  I've eaten at better dine-in establishments that cost significantly less for larger portions of food that are higher quality, come with sauces and chutneys, and are presented quite well.
More important than the price and the food I really don't like the vibe I get when I've gone to this place.  Everyone is very terse/curt and overall I didn't get the feeling that the person serving me my food really wanted to be selling people food on that day.  I've been there a few times and spent about $100 and given them enough of  a shot to make an impression on me but they failed.
If you're in the area and NEED to pick up some Indian I recommend Tiffin but if this place is closer and you have to walk or there are exigent circumstances they prepare the standard Indian fare.Had the garlic naan, Chana Masala, and Moglai Kofta. So good! I went on a Tues, and was hoping for chicken Tikka Masala, but that's served on Fridays so I figured I'd try the chickpeas. Definitely my favorite part. The meatballs too were amazing; however, in the 8 oz portion, I only received 2 meatballs and a lot of sauce. Would've liked at least 3, but I'm still a fan. The staff is so nice and the environment very clean. A huge asset to Mt. Airy!The price is right, but way too salty. And this is from a person who often put salt on her chips.We ordered take out from this restaurant. It was really cheap, but the food was okay. I ordered the butter chicken and thought it was tasty. The naan was good as well. Overall, the food was decent but nothing amazing.Please wake up and smell the coffee, In this case - smell the weeks old frozen food, being displayed and served as fresh food. I went to Jyoti bistro about a month ago with a friend of mine, who happens to be very fond of Indian food. We ordered some take out with some appetizers, While we were waiting for our order, thinking every thing is made to order as we were told by the lady upfront waiting on people. Suddenly i asked to use their restroom that was located all the way in the back alley. Much to my amazement I saw couple of aluminium food pans sitting on the food trolly, curious by nature i happened to take a glance and revealed a pan with butter chicken written on it with a month old date. I literally froze and ran right out to see if i could cancel my order. But alas it was too late, my friend was already holding the bag and on her way out. Once home we tasted the food, it looked and smelled like frozen food. So we ended up throwing the food. If i want to eat frozen food, i might well as well go and buy frozen entrees from an Indian grocery store, which are much cheaper. So people of Mt Airy and surrounding neighborhood, you are being deceived in the name of fresh Indian food.  Be Aware - So much for FRESH food!Awesome authentic Indian food! Lovely interior clean quaint and bright. Must try the samosas and the Chana masala! The Server has a cute funny personality. Bring your friends.I love Jyoti! As other reviewers have mentioned, you cannot beat the price. I now pay half the price I used to for Indian and still get the same amount, if not more food.
My favorites here are the Butter Chicken and Chana Masala. Also love the Garlic Naan (which is only $2 for 2 pieces) and the samosas. The rice that comes with all of the dishes is also great.
You can eat in but I always take out. Their menu states they offer delivery, although the two times I called for it, I was told the driver was not working that night.
The woman behind the register is super sweet and although the place is small, would still be fine to sit and grab a bite. They always have food simmering up front so you get the food very quick.
The only thing I will say is if you're craving Chicken Tikka Masala, theirs just does not measure up to Tiffin's. It's good, but the Butter Chicken is better.
** Make sure to always look at the menu because they have certain items that are daily like the Butter Chicken and others that are only offered once a week. (Chicken Tikka is on Friday.)
Try this place out!Tonight is the first time I've gone to Jyoti and the first time I've written on Yelp.  I was delighted with the former (and underwhelmed by the reviews of Jyoti on the latter. Hence, my writing.)
We ordered standards:  Chana Masala and Saag Paneer; Pakora and Medu Vada for appetizers.  Roti.  
The price was surprisingly reasonable for the amount and quality of what we were served.  The food was way more tasty and flavorful than I had been led to expect from the reviews.  Delicious, in fact.  The entrees were very nicely spiced.  The cheese in the Saag Paneer was a texture different from anything I've ever had; "melt-in-the-mouth."  The appetizers, too, had some lovely surprises in texture and spicing.  
The man behind the counter was pleasant, the ambience, too. 
I'm really pleased that Jyoti has come to Mt. Airy.  I used to be a fan of Tiffin but swore off a few years ago because every time I went, I felt like I was being ripped off.  How nice to have a fairly priced, deliciously spiced option in the neighborhood.Delicious.  Rotating menu w both veg and non-veg items.  It's a tiny place not really appropriate for a sit-down date but would recommend the food without reservation.Been here a few more times since my last review, and I have finally tried the naan as well as the gulab jamun dessert. Both are great! My only complaint with Jyoti is that nothing is really spicy... flavorful, but not spicy. This is great for a lot of people, but sometimes I'm in the mood for spicy food and I feel like they have dumbed it down for americans.I was cautiously optimistic about trying this place with the mixed reviews, but was pleasantly surprised to find decently prepared take-out at a fair price. Someone told me their food was opened from cans, and Amy A.'s review seems to imply that as well, so I asked the staff about it and they said that's absolutely not true. The food also doesn't look like it came from a can, so I wouldn't believe those claims. Basically if you have high expectations then this will probably disappoint, but if you need a cheap-eat go-to place for standard-fair Indian food then give it a try!Great real Indian food! 
This food is delicious and inexpensive. Similar to other Yelpers, I find Tiffin way too expensive and the waits are often ridiculous. 
Though they have only been open for a little while, the service has improved significantly. Initially, I visited to be scowled at by the fella serving my food. He was not very pleasant nor inviting. I thought maybe its just me so I returned with friends...scowl. I told myself long ago that I simply will not spend $ where I don't feel appreciated so I was done. 
But in my ongoing efforts to forgive and support local businesses (and get some awesome food!) I returned last week and found Ms Babes (sp?). She was pleasant and very welcoming making for a delightful overall culinary experience. Jyoti has my business again...as long as scowl man isn't there!I love this place for quick healthy bites.   Feels very down home.  Always yummy.I visited Jyoti on a Saturday afternoon with my wife and family.  We loved the butter chicken and the samosa in particular.  Although we sat and ate in the restaurant, I think take out is the ideal way to enjoy Jyoti.  We are familiar with the brand from their delicious products on the shelves at Whole Foods.  This is a great addition to Germantown Ave in Mt. Airy.  You can't beat the price or speed of service.  We will definitely be back.Great!
I've lived nearby for years but only recently started going to Jyoti - which has quickly become a favorite destination for takeout.
So far I have only had a few of the vegetarian dishes, including a daily special or two, and they are all wonderful. The samosas, which I normally don't cafe for, are close to perfect. 
My only critique is that sometimes the rice has been quite buttery, which is tasty but can be a bit too rich. 
One word of warning: if you are doing takeout (especially on foot) I recommend ordering by the tub rather than doing a combo platter, the cardboard containers they use are eco-friendly but not very durable when walking home.The Chana Masala was rich and hearty. I will definitely be back! The smallest gesture of walking the food around the counter to hand it to each customer adds a personal touch. Surprisingly pleasant spot.My favorite Indian food in Philadelphia, hands down. For those vegetarian, vegan, or gluten-free they have their menu clearly marked with the many options that they offer. Their Saag Paneer is my go-to, but I also love their Baingan Bharta. Their owner is friendly and responsive, and it's just a nice and cozy atmosphere.
The seating is limited so it's not a great place to meet with a large group, but for lunch with a friend it's perfect.Best Indian food in Mt Airy. 
Given the fact that this is tasty and it is inexpensive I pick Jyoti over Tiffin. Also definitely helps that the aunty at Jyoti is far more fun to talk to. Part of eating India food is being reminded of India and Jyoti manages to do that every time I visit."Soft" Opening on Saturday Jan. 12, 2013 for a great Indian Bistro in Mt Airy part of Philadelphia, PA.  Good selection of vegetarian options and a few tasy meat options too. I ordered the butter chicken and the chole.  They were both great.  There are a few placs to sit but this is mostly for take out or a quick bite. Prices are very reasonably. Two somosas for $3.00 and a platter for $7.00. There were also many folks in line but the line moved very quickly.  I highly reccomend this place.I absolutely love this place! I dine here at least twice a week on different days as I enjoy the daily dishes. The buttered chicken is and will always be amazing and the shrimp Malabar on Thursday has yet to disappoint. The only real issue I have is the lack of garlic gnon bread. If you like to try 2 or more dishes at a time do look at the platter options as you can get 3 for under $8 with rice included."Welcome aboard Air Jyoti! "   is what should be said upon entering the place.  But come to think of it, I have had Indian food on Air India that was better.
I was so happy to see that corner shop under renovations and then finally open but soooo disappointed with what we got.  Canned, mylar-sacked, pre-pre-pre-prepared dreck.
A little research turned up the Patch article that I should have read BEFORE going there.  
http://www.newsworks.org/index.php/component/flexicontent/item/42232-northwest-philadelphia-to-get-new-indian-takeout-restaurant?Itemid=1
"For the past 30 years, the couple has operated JYOTI Natural Foods, a prepared foods company whose cuisine is available on store shelves and high in the sky as in-flight meals for a handful of airline companies."
"Most menu items will be prepared inside the company's 50,000 square-foot factory in Sharon Hill, Pa. north of the Philadelphia International Airport then delivered to Mt. Airy. A few items, such as kebabs and the restaurant's rotating bread options, will be cooked on-site. "
However, the kebobs, which we got by mistake having ordered butter chicken, were sort of flaccid, slightly gelatinous meat things that even the cat wasn't interested in.
The 'bread', a greasy yet dry bit of wallpaper paste wrapped in foil.
Thank goodness for the 'salad'....not out of a can I take it.
WHAT would Gordon Ramsey say?  
I don't mind fast food...I eat plenty...I don't mind greasy food...I eat plenty...and I don't mind canned...yeah...I eat plenty...I will go to the most obscure Carribean eatery with all food under red heat lamps...if it is goooood....but come on guys! 
This is the taste equivalent of the bullet-proof Chinese take-away up the block but with a much cuter decor and very reasonable prices.   
Tiffen...meh...won't be in trouble...these are two different beasts.   Tiffen has the slowest most inefficient staff I have ever witnessed, adequate food (90 minutes  to Jersey City if you want to taste what Indian food is meant to be).  Tiffen is also outrageously expensive...but at least you can reuse the containers...Jyoti platters come in styrofoam boxes...ick.
I WANT Jyoti to be great!!   I want to have FABulous Indian food nearby...not 90 minutes away...  A little more in-house cooking and Jyoti might be swell..but right now - as it is - I can go to Weavers Way and buy cans of the same product and heat in the Microwave.
Please, please, please.
The free Dinner Epilogue was VERY nice however....and welcome.Stopped here recently for the first time and ordered take-out. Quick service, as food is already prepared and behind the counter, buffet-style. Ordered two meals' worth of food for about $12. Veggie samosas were great. Chana masala was great and pretty spicy. Aloo matar was okay - decently spiced - but I preferred the chana masala.Very friendly place mostly for takeout but a few tables. 
Saag paneer was okay not great. Chana masala was mediocre.  My friend said her butter chicken was good.I've been waiting for this place to finally open up!  I was very excited to see them open last week, and having forgotten my lunch, this was the perfect excuse to spend money and buy my lunch.  
I was expecting to pay a lot, but was very happy to see that most of their menu was under $10 and came with a lot of sides.  
I called in the order, and got a $8 platter, it came with the chicken saag, lintel, rice, and bread.  It was ready right when I walked in, 10mins later.  Now the platter was a perfect serving, I was full till dinner, and had no left overs. 
There are about two small tables right next to the door, so I won't recommend to eat in this place as your food may get cold fast in the winter, and in the summer I doubt those seats will ever be available.  
The staff were very pleasant and willing to talk you through the dishes.  
I plan on hitting this place up regularly, its cheaper than the pizzeria, and likely healthier than the corner Chinese spot!  
Try this place out!  You won't regret it!Ordered dinner here on Thursday and this little place was almost swarming. I came here during Avenue Bistro's brief stint and the decor is leaps and bounds nicer now, with lovely exposed brick and various tchotchkes about. If you're on your own or with one other person, you could definitely dine in, but it's more of a take-out kind of place, and they don't deliver.
I ordered butter chicken and chana masala, because I'm adventurous like that, and threw in one of their daily specials which was some curried coconut shrimp deal, as well as samosas, naan, and mango lassi (smoothie on the menu). Apart from the lassi, everything was ready in about five minutes flat, and only cost about $30 for what worked out to be two days worth of food for two hungry adults.
I must say, I sorely wanted to fall in love with this place. I am a huge fan of Indian food, but honestly, Tiffin is way too slow and expensive and rarely hits the spot. I am a Yelper of simple tastes, and I enjoy cafeteria-style Indian food that's been sitting around for a while to allow all the flavors sink in. I was, however, disappointed to learn (thanks to Ames A.) that most of the food is prepared off-site. 
Even so, I thought the food was pretty decent. The boyfriend and I both enjoyed the samosas, butter chicken and chana masala, but the coconut shrimp was fairly blah. The mango lassi offset the saltiness pretty well, but it would have been better to not have to deal with all that unnecessary sodium in the first place. The naan was a bit greasy but nice and chewy. 
The other thing they have going for them is that at least half the menu is gluten free, vegan, or both, so if you're looking for a quick, inexpensive meal to accommodate various dietary requirements, you really can't go past this place.My wife and I happened upon Jyoti a couple nights ago after flying in from the west coast and wanting a quick bite of supper. We're glad we did.
Our meal...
The butter chicken was on point, although we would've preferred it have a bit more heat/spice/kick. The spinach was not much more than okay, but still flavorful. The lentils were very delicious, as was the jasmine rice.
Service...
The hostess was very warm, friendly and welcoming. She was a bit talkative, but also helped us deciper the menu/options. Several "regulars" visited while we were there and it's clear she has taken the time to get to know them personally, so that's a nice touch.
Final thoughts...
The menu was somewhat limited, and prices were somewhat difficult to decipher. The restaurant appeared very clean, and was well appointed with current decor. I will be traveling to the Mt. Airy neighborhood of Philadelphia 2-3 times per year for the next several years, and will definitely consider eating here again.I really enjoy Indian cuisine. And every time I get a taste for some Indian food this is the spot that I run to!! Lol!! The customer service is always great! The foid is very tasty and the portion size is always more than enough which is a plus for me!!When this store first opened the lady at the front was very pleasant. Over time, since business has improved, she has become very rude!  No pleasantries, does not know how she should speak with customers and very dismissive. I ignored it during a couple of my visits but not anymore. I will no longer patronizing this establishment.We were thrilled to find such a cheap Indian joint in the neighborhood. So far we've gotten take out twice - there really aren't many seats for eating in anyway. The food here is all pre-prepared, but we've really enjoyed it. And you can't beat the prices. We previously got our takeout from Tiffin, but Jyoti is now our favorite. They always have at least 2-3 veg options every day. I'm not a fan of their roti bread, but have not yet tried the naan. We love the texture and taste of their paneer more than many places - it's not rubbery at all.Much better than Tiffin, especially on value and attitude. $30 easily feeds four, with leftovers for lunch. Limited but adequate selection.Tried this place on a whim last night and thought the food was really good. Far less expensive than Tiffin. A few seats inside but primarily a take out joint. Got 3 meals worth of food for under $25Wonderful food, lovely chef/owner, fair prices. Lunch platters are fantastic. Vegetarian and chicken dishes have never disappointed. Grateful for such a special little place for quality Indian food.I must say, as someone who was not overly fond of Indian food, that I truly love this place. I've eaten here a few times but mostly gotten take out. 
Tonight, I noticed that when I went in they have a few more tables than they did before. It is small, and mostly operating as a takeout establishment but it's nice that now you have the option to dine in. 
Tonight I got a large (quart-sized) "butter chicken", which comes with some very delicate and nicely tasting rice. I also got an order of the samosas as usual, they're amazingly good. Nice and crisp, and even though it was take out - they were hot when I got it home.  All of the above with a side of naan (think pita, but softer) came to about $18. It was enough to easily feed two big guys. In that respect, I don't think you can complain considering how good and tasty the food is and the fact that you can spend this much money ordering fast food. I think it's a bargain. 
The lady at the counter and register has always been pleasant and is quick to give you samples if you question what something is. This to me just speaks of good customer service, and someone who is eager to please their clientele. 
I cannot attest to being a "expert" on Indian food... I can't speak to its authenticity, and it doesn't matter to me whether or not it is actually made on the premises or off. 
I can tell you, for my money and for the food that I expected to be, I have always been 100% pleased with Jyoti.Passed by this place for years. Decided to try and was not disappointed. Great taste. Great specials. Filling quantities. Won't make the mistake of missing this place againI am sorry to say but Jyoti has gone downhill! I frequented it often when it first opened, but now everything tastes the same, no heat or freshness in anything. But I always liked the fresh samosas. I have not been for a few months but went yesterday, I picked up an order of samosa, they were cold, greasy and like mush inside. And the green sauce that you put on had NO heat! What a waste of money.  So sad. I am sure that this is not food they would serve to anyone from India! You lost my business for sure.I have no idea why this place doesn't have more stars!!  This has been a staple since we stopped here on one of our first cold winter nights in our new house and we .loved the flavors and relaxed nature of tis place while still being consistently good and a great value.  If you're looking for some comfort food, this is your spot!Thank god this place has come to Mt. Airy. If you want a solid, filling, quality, and reasonably priced meal, this is really your best choice. Our previous Indian spot (Tiffin) was not bad, but it  was a high sugar version of Indian food that appeared to be catered toward American tastes. And it was a bit over-priced. Jyoti is the real deal made by an Indian grandma in the back kitchen!Delicious, spiffy addition to Mt. Airy/Chestnut Hill.  Locally owned, brand new, tiny take out in the center of the neighborhood.  $7 vegetarian and $8 meat platters, with salad, naan and basmati rice.  Will give the great Tiffin a run for its money for cost, convenience and value.  Small seating area and quick takeout service.  Pop in to the Liquor Store next door for a bottle of wine on your way home.  Hope to see delivery added soon.Jyoti has improved significantly since they opened.  The women at the counter is delightful, she is eager to educate you about the offerings and chat about the neighborhood.  I have had the samosas, poori, butter chicken, chicken curry, moglai kofta, saag paneer and other veggies.  We have been quite happy withe food.  We prefer to order a la carte and it is a great value.  Glad to have Jyoti in the neighborhood!Tasty and convenient Indian food for delivery or take away. Inexpensive and modest portion size so you can choose lots of variety and still eat it all. Samosas, chana masala, saag paneer and butter chicken were all delicious with a generous serving of rice and 2 naan for about $30. Fantastic addition to Mt.Airy.This was my first time visiting and customer service was horrible I got the butter chicken and rice it was average I have had better didn't taste authentic at all also got the naan was not fresh it look and taste like the frozen naan you get from the market. I gave them one star due to the bad customer service u can't have that and average food.Was literally just shown the worst disrespect from a resturant in my life. And i used to be a server which is the funniest part, i would never ever treat not only someone let alone a customer the way that i was just spoken to and treated. I ordered for the first time here at 7:36 which if it is last call for them, i was not aware as it was my first time ordering. After paying their delivery fee and tipping their driver my order came to around 19-20 dollars. However when i got my food the order was almost completely missing. When i called them to let them know she said "i told the driver we ran out and maybe he forgot some things." So why didnt you call the customer to let them know you ran out? Or apologize that I payed for something and it was forgotten? Mistakes happen and thats understandable. But she never once offered to refund what I didnt recieve or the fact that the order was a complete mess. If it is end of the night for you then why not just call and let me know? If you cant provide for what i am paying for then dont charge? She hung up on me after I asked to speak to a manager because she wouldnt let me get a word out. She interrupted me from the moment I called and actually argued with me about how much I payed. I have never written a bad review before because it usually isnt worth it, ive never even argued with a resturant before because who in the world has to argue with a quick grubhub order? But this was disgraceful.This place is great. It's inexpensive and the food is really good. The woman at the counter, who I'm assuming is the owner, is lovely. They don't have table service so you don't have to pay a server, which can be nice when you're just looking to grab something quick.I don't understand how this place has any stars. I am all about supporting local business but not at the expense of quality. Took a very long time to order, despite all the food being precooked, but that aside the taste of the food was awful. By far the worst Indian food I have ever had. Tiffin may be more expensive but it is certainly a higher quality. If price is all you care about I suppose I can see the merits of Jyoti but it was disgusting. My husband, who eats everything, could not even eat this.Best Indian food I've had in ages ! Veg korma, butter chicken, paneer KADI all fresh, perfectly spiced. Rice fluffy and delicious. Must try!