I went to this restaurant a couple of days after it had opened! It wasn't to bad for the price you are paying but the meat all just taste the same...no difference in the marinade for any of the meats. The seafood was all very fishy. Also they have popcorn chicken and they gave us two servings and both were not fresh. I was a little disappointed on the freshness of the food but I guess you can't complain when you are being 18-20$ for all you can eat Korean bbq. I recommend dinner so you can take advantage of all the meats.I would definitely would recommend this place for people looking for a hot pot and bbq place in the northeast. The wait is crazy almost 2 hours but if you leave your name, they will text you when your table is ready. The portion is small but its all you can eat so you can keep ordering.Walked in for my friend's birthday, Aiden made sure everything was 10/10. +1 for the personal hot pot spaces on the tables.Favorite hot pot place ever ever ever! Great selection and it's fun, supppper clean,  loud and plays EDM. The people are very nice and attentive. Im coming back every week.On mother's day night, i went in with my family 
I gave a call in advance to check availability 
I knew they must be busy since it was because of prime time , like around 7pm. Woman on the phone informed us that the waiting time was 35mins which was doable 
We arrived in the place within 30 mins. Place was packed! Full of people in the waiting area. 
When we got to the reception desk, they told us 2-3 hours of waiting time. 30 mins ago, it was 35mins wait. But within that time frame, increased to 2-3hours??
And she just laughed and said customers were kept coming. Should have told us honestly then we wouldnt have driven for 40mins to get there
We ended up going crappy chinese restaurant nearby that was not worth paying for.Kpot at Franklin Mills Mall was BANGING!! 
The food is great, the price is fair but it's mainly the location, having a spot like this CLOSE to us is so great. They're probably doing mad well by their location alone. It's pretty much the common response by all my friends in Bucks County that not only is it good but its close. 
Overall very satisfied w this spot. The big question is 'is it better than Seorabol in Northeast?' and thats rough. It's all you can eat which I prefer and being newer, the building is really nice. For me personally, the All you can eat factor is what makes this spot the winner. Food quality is equal. 
Nice having some updated Kpop to dance along with while l eat. This is already becoming a spot where you run into your friends when you go. One of my friends has gone there 4 times in 8 days already. 
If you wanna save a few bucks, go for lunch but some items are Dinner Only menu which when you see which items, you'll probably want to go for dinner to be honest.Went to K-Pot on the grand opening weekend since then we been there 4 times. For all the foodies out there this is a place to go, the variety of food they have is pretty good. We've been in others Korean bbq restaurants where the meats and veggies are limited but not here. Honest opinion this restaurant will meet your desires, highly recommended you do either BBQ alone or the pot alone, if you combined them (which there's nothing wrong by doing so) we believe is way to much food. They have a station to make your own marinating sauce and they have different seasoning guide you could use to have a perfect Korean experience. The ambience is good, side note the music maybe they might have to turn down a bit not too much because all 4 times we went to the restaurant having a conversation on the table could be challenging as  you could be screaming to the person in front of you so they can hear you. Other than that i rate 5 stars on Yelp, because: food, staff, location, parking, price.This is probably one of my favorite places to go in Philly. It has my favorite things, hot pot and kbbq. The service is extremely fast and by the time I was done picking my sauces, most of the things were already on the table. everything was quite delicious and the staff was very friendly. my server, ryan asked nearly every time he passed my table if we were doing alright, if we needed to change our grill, etc., which was very well appreciated. They also had sago soup which I had never seen any other asian restaurant have. Overall, we had a great time here.Great price for both bbq & hotpot! But the only con is...when you placed 3rd re-order they don't bring it out and let you sit waiting!This place is awesome. The service is great. They're super fast with bringing in your order and are patient with explaining the menu and the options. Our server Aiden was super knowledgeable and brought everything out quickly. He was really great at tending to our grill and making sure everything was properly cooked. We got the szechuan soup and the kpot special soup for our hot pots. The soups were really flavorful. We'll definitely be coming back!Little far from my place but it was worth a trip for the price 16.99 for ayce! Clean, fresh, etc. but the service was extremely slow. I can see that they are serving meats extremely slowly on purpose. Saying that "they are slicing meats" "alot of people ordered same thing" blah blah..  looks like people who ordered BBQ get meats alot faster since they have nothing to cook but meats but myself and my bf ordered hotpot , took forever to get meats. We ended up not eating much. One sliced pork belly dish, 2-3 sliced beef which is not alot. But overall, vegetable was fresh and the broth was fine. In the menu, it says lunch hour is 11am to 4pm but be aware! They open exactly at 12pm noon. Place is packed pretty quickly for lunch on Friday.This past weekend my wife wanted a different dining experience and I remembered a restaurant that my son had mentioned about a week ago. Had never been to a Korean bbq before. This is my first Yelp review and I'm writing this because the experience was that compelling!!From the quality of the food, the abundance of food (for the price) and most importantly the service. Our hostess, Winly, was courteous, friendly and helpful. She guided my wife and I through ordering the food and cooking and by the end of dinner I felt like I had done this before! All said, it was a great dining experience and would recommend this to anyone who wants great food and service. Thanks Winly!This is definitely the best Korean Barbecue experience in the Philadelphia area! A great value for lunch and dinner. All of the meats are fresh and marinated greatly. The sauce bar is actually creative and not an excuse to not provide good service. All of the sides are delicious as well, although I wish they would bring back the potato salad or bring on a mac salad like the truly authentic KBBQ spots! I will always come back to K-Pot when I need my KBBQ fix!The services and the food there were great. They marinade the meat in a specific way which you never be able to do it at home-.-. I tried a couple time they all failed. Don't go for shrimpWe eat out frequent, esp Korean bbq buffets. This is by far our most fave to go to. Decor is beautiful n modern. The food and service there is out of this world!!!! AND you eat for free if it's your birthday, do don't forget to bring your id. The meat selection is fresh and delish!! Everybody get their very own little hot pot. The only thing I don't like is, everybody have to order the same selection. I.e., if one get hot pot only, then EVERYBODY have to get hot pot only too. So we all got hot pot and bbq. Which isn't bad. Just there's A LOT of food. Still cheaper than 9ting in Chinatown and no need to look for parking. The wait staffs are super friendly and very attentive to your needs. Even when it's super busy in there. This is my 2nd times here and DEFINITELY won't be my last. They even have anime characters come out for your birthday celebrations. I think that's cute(see pictures)My husband and I happen upon the building this is in about a year ago, unsure if K-POT was coming or going because there was a plastic sign draped over the roof saying what looked like kbbq but it was def under renos of some sort.
Fast forward to now, and it's a K-POT!
The last of my bday celebrations, we hit up K-POT and while the parking lot did not look crowded, to our shock inside almost every table was occupied.  We were quoted a 30-45 min wait......but when hubs and I were briefly discussing if we wanted to wait the hostess looked around and saw one lone table in the bar area.  Half booth, and one chair on the other side.  Beggars can't be choosers so we sat down happily. 
We went for, what you should go for....the combo AYCE hotpot and kbbq!  Our server came over quickly with all of the typical banchan, was cheery, explained the menu efficiently and how the process works.  I got the tomyum soup base, and hubs the miso.  I made up our dipping sauces quickly from the sauce bar (they have signs of what to mix together for novices) and by the time I got back to the table meat was on the grill and all hot pot ingredients were on the table in a flash.  I couldn't believe how fast she was.  
The banchan and appetizers were okay.
The japchae, and oi kimchi was the best to me.
Soon enough our soups were to the rolling boil and all the meats, seafood, and veggies were ready to be dipped and consumed.  I have to say, I enjoyed the hotpot over the kbbq!  Pipping hot, dip was delicious, the tomyum was a great base to pick with just a hint of spicy.  The veggies were good, especially the greens.
The kbbq was very good, albeit the bulgogi and kalbi were very on the sweet side for me.  It was def. marinated very well, even taste throughout, but it was just in the end too sweet for me.  Next time, it's ribeyes for hubs and me all the way.  The ribeye was really great.
Service was very good, as I said she was very cheery, and personable each time she came to our table to check on us.  Our drinks never went unfilled, and we only had to ask her to help cut the meat once (the ribeye) when I was occupied with my hotpot otherwise I handled adding and flipping the meat on the grill just fine.
The price in the end on a thursday night was very reasonable for AYCE in a 2 hour time limit.  Go for the money items (whole steaks and seafood) and you will leave satisfied.  Can't wait to go back!Wow this place is great , food is very good and our server name was Winly and she was a great host , I'm telling you this place is great1. Great K-Food, fresh seafood, fresh and quality meat. Love the crab, jumbo shrimp, fried scallop, Kobe beef, brisket, very fresh mushroom and veggie. 
2. About 1 hour wait on a Friday night, but need to check with their rep often. They told me wait another hour after 1 hour but lucky I received a text from their system. I showed the text to them and they let us seat right after
3. Customer Service seems overload. Our server always in a hurry. But she let us order with no limit item. So we don't have to take time too much between rounds.
Definitely recommended!Super super solid kbbq/hot pot place for the philly burbs.  Staff are attentive and the food quality is good.  Reminds me of an Asian Texas Roadhouse.  If you've been to both you'll know what I mean.Best spot for hotpot in the NE. My favorite part about it is the seafood option - get more for ya buck. Best soup is Tom yum soup IMO. Great options for bbq from chicken-fish-beef.  & can't go wrong with the side dishes! Radish and pork belly ~ yummmm.Today was my third visit to K-Pot.  Day one Began with just the Hot Pot.  FANTASTIC!  I am a soup lover to begin with so it wasn't too hard to satisfy my.  The choice of ingredients from beef to chicken, lamb, pork, vegetables, shrimp, fish clams, mussels, noodles, etc.  all were fresh and delicious.  Our server was HANNAH.  She is a delight and very helpful making your selections and preparing your meal.  I ask just for her now.  I leave there filled to the gills as my Mom would say.  You have to go here.  I have only made it three times for lunch.  Can't wait for a dinner visit.  The cuts of meat are larger it seems and more varied.  For a restaurant that is unique, fun, delicious and friendly, K-Pot is for you.  You will not disappointed!BBQ & HOT POT are really GOOD. The services and the waiters are very nice I am recommended.Quality meats (aside from artificial crab and lobster)... Great service, can't go wrongThe food is ALWAYS fresh and they're very vegetarian friendly (as long as the meat eaters in your party don't mind waiting for you to grill first). 
Khiem is the best server there; he checks in continuously without going overboard and is always there when you're ready to order more food. He's incredibly helpful, recommending best sellers, and knows the menu like the back of his hand!
The tables and booths are cleaned and set immediately after a party leaves, and the restaurant overall is very well maintained.
We've already been a few times and plan on going back tonight!This place just opened and I might go back. I did not expect this place to be busy on a Thursday and at 6pm. It was super busy! We waited like only 30 mins though so it wasnt that bad. After 30 mins, we get our menus and water. This was an all you can eat Korean bbq. I was surprised when they had a premium steak on the menu and it tasted very good. We got many other things on the menu and it all tasted good and fresh. But I find that one of their bbq shprt ribs had alot of fat. The fat to meat ratio was just high. But other than the food, the environment was very relaxing and comfortable. I got to chat with my people, have a good time, and eat good food. The service.... the restaurant was super busy and the workers looked busy as hell. But when we was finished our first course of meats, it took like 45 mins for our waitress to come back to us. But I'm very understandable and they had other customers to take care of. But my overall rating is 4/5I've been dying for this kind of a Korean bbq restaurant in my area so when a friend mentioned this place had just opened, I couldn't wait to try it. Sooo not disappointed! The food was absolutely amazing and fresh. Our server Aiden was amazing, extremely helpful and super attentive. The rest of the staff was also very friendly and the place looks awesome. Definitely will be coming back again!Have a new favorite restaurant and k-pot is its name! The staff is helpful and friendly and the restaurant is clean big + in my book. So checked in and got a free beer another + party of four with one vegetarian and no problems the meat and fish was kept separate from the vegetables and tofu yes another + some places seemed bothered by doing this. Ordered the hot pot and bbq and the combinations are endless for both who dosen't like being able to craft your own ramen or noodle soup/bowl and bbq. Only one minor problem with the meal is if one person orders bbq everyone is bumped the $3 charge even if you only ordered the hot pot which I dont have a problem with because everyone shares but when you have a vegetarian with you it becomes a ridiculous charge asked for the manager his name is Elvin and he explained it's not his rules but he took care of it so another + thank you Elvin. I would highly recommend trying K-pot it's a very pleasant experience a little noisy but good food and service.This place is amazing!! All you can eat hot pot and Korean bbq!! Great food ,spirit , price and staff!! They have so many selections on what you want for your hot pot soup base and Korean bbq. Always packed and they just opened. If you want a great social experience while eating -this would be the place!! Can't wait to share this with my family!! You must try!!I've waiting for this type of restaurant in our area for awhile now, a friend told me about it so we came to try them out, Awesome service, great food clean and friendly environment 5 definitely coming back for more, great job guys.Had an overall great experience even though it's a all you can eat new hot/bbq spot. We loved the selections from both hotpot and korean bbq. The sauce bar has many options you can choose from. The service was excellent and our food arrived very quickly. I would highly recommend checking this place out if you're in the area!I want to first mention how aesthetically pleasing and clean the venue is when you first walk in. The floors, walls, ceilings, tables and chairs all have a subtle and welcoming vibe. There is plenty of room to move around and get to different sections of the restaurant. We had the most pleasant manager, David, taking care of us and checking in if everything was okay. Our waitress, Hannah, was such a pleasure serving us with her attentiveness, great personality and help whenever we needed things. For my dining experience, I got both the hot pot and the bbq which were some of the best foods I've ever had. The tum yum broth is one the best hot pot broths I have ever eaten in all of the Philadelphia area. The broth was semi spicy and salty enough to create a flavor anyone can enjoy. The quality bbq meats, especially the short rib, were tender and flavorful which is some of the most important things I look for when eating bbq. This was one of my best experiences at any restaurant overall and not just compared to other hotpot and  bbq places in the area. I would recommend this place to everyone I know without hesitation and I will be back.Oh My Gosh!! I am so glad I found this place!! I been searching for a all you can eat Korean bbq and it is so hard. This place is not only good on the wallet but the meats are good too. Seasoned pork belly was to die for and the side dishes here are actually good. They were not bitter or too sour.  I would totally recommend this place!!Food is good! Meat selection is good. Better than Nine Ting in Philly Chinatown. Free parking. Free draft beer or soda with a yelp check in. There's a sauce station so you can make your own dipping sauce for your BBQ or hotpot. Also, there's a fruits and dessert station next to the sauce station. Waiter is very friendly and nice. Help you cook your meat and always check if you need anything or more food. Came here during their soft opening and again the second time. Will come again! Free birthday hotpot or BBQ on your birthday with a party of 4 people or more.This place is absolutely incredible. Yesterday I went with a good friend of mine and it was delicious. For $28 you get to have unlimited hotpot and bbq for two hours. It's doesn't seem like much time to eat, but the grill does work fast. We waited no more than a minute or so for anything we ordered. Our servers, as well as other members of the wait staff were prompt and attentive. Drinks were always refilled and there was always someone checking on us. The hot pot was beautifully done, we both got Szechuan. I'm quite good with spice and she is not, but the broth wasn't overly spicy at all, it was also perfectly salted. As far as decor, the restaurant is beautiful and the bathrooms were extremely clean. With the quality of the food, as well as the diligence of the staff, the owner has a recipe for continued success if all remains consistent. This will be my go to place when I'm in the area. I'll be back in two weeks!Affordable hot pot and very quick service! I dined here twice so far and I enjoyed it both times. If you like Tom-yum soup, I would try the Tom-yum broth. It can get a little salty but I still enjoyed it. There are many food options to choose from for ur veggies. I would say this place is better than hippot and nine ting in the city!Loved this place ! The music was way too loud first time. But today music was considerably lower!  The menu is great with so many options. The fun in cooking your own food is a fun experience. Favorite on menu is marinated beef bulgogi !!!Fresh food, great service.  The waitress was extremely helpful guiding us through the process.  They give you 2 hours for all you can eat and we didn't get pass an hour.Food was so delicious.  Did both the BBQ and the hot pot for a birthday party.  Grilled the pineapple with salt at the very end before we ate the birthday cake the group brought.  Be warned, long wait around dinner time.  But we killed time at the Dave and Buster's across the street.  Also amazing service from Winly- attentive service!Service is good, meat quality is kind of low. The temperature of the grill is not hot enough for grilling.  They use an electric, not gas grill.Our server Amanda was great and very attentive. The Google listing for K-Pot says it opens at 11:30 am but it really opens at 12:00 noon on Saturdays. There was a small line already formed which speaks for the place. The portions are great. I do recommend the pork belly and steak cuts. We only did BBQ but I would definitely want to try the Hot Pot. It's very spacious unlike Nine Ting in Center City which is more crowded. There's also ample parking space. I'd definitely go here over Center City for a Korean BBQ fix.Good food, great service. Plays bts music ^^ servers are funny and will coon food for you. Great side dishes! Its all you can eat and the orders are a consistent amount. You can grill pineapples here :3 winly is great server!This was a super fun experience. My daughter loved to be included with cooking and loved it. The food was so good and fresh! The service was also wonderful and quick to get additional food out to us. My only wish was that they offered reservations during the weekends because we waited a long time- but I guess the wait tells you how good it was.The ingredients are fresh and the meats are seasoned well. Service has been superb! Twice we have our waitress Winly and she has made our experience here very memorable. She went above and beyond to make sure we have plastic utensils for the little man, candy towards the end, even offered cough drops for grandma with the slightest cough. She explained the menu, answered questions we may have and made sure our waters was always tipped off. She offered to change our grill when our meats were getting charred. Excellent service! All in all, this is our favorite Korean bbq & hotpot ayce place. The broths are flavorful - love miso, herbal and kpot special which changes so make sure to ask. They also have a sauce bar with fruits and desserts provided (limited but better than other places not having any included).First time coming here after this place opened, previously went to the location in east Brunswick and this location is by far much better.  Waited about 45 minutes on a Friday night, even though the place was crowded everything came out rather fast.
Shout-out to our waiter Jimmy who took very good care of us and was very attentive despite there being a full houseThis was my first time there and I didn't know what to expect and how to order. Waitress came right over and without being ignorant, showed us all menu items, how to order, and was very patient with us while we decided what we wanted (which was quite a few minutes). Came to our table often and turning our meat (even though we had been doing it ourselves, the thought was in the right place). Our drinks stayed full, and had lots attention from staff. I WILL be back again, this time, I'll be a pro at ordering lol.This is the best hot pot and bbq buffet that I had. The place is clean and big, modern, and new. We came on weekday lunch, but prefer to do dinner. The place itself quite busy, I recommend you come on weekday if you want to try to go there. 
We paid around $30 per person for both hot pot and bbq. With that price, we can order whatever we want. I think the excludes jumbo shrimp, blue crab, premium brisket, kobe beef, and some other items for the lunch. We get our side dishes soon after we sat. The waitress came with some tab to take our orders. We will get out personal hot pot which I love it so much. The food came even before our waiter left!!
The food is good and well seasoned. We only ordered for the recommendation and everything tasted good and fresh. If you want to make the dipping sauce but don't know what to do, ask your waiter to help you with that. But don't hope too much for the desserts, the only have 2 soups desserts which is okay. And 3 kinds of fruits : melon, pineapple, and oranges. Nothing else. And beverages is not included to the priceAwesome spot. Best cucumber kimchi I've had outside of Korea. My favorite Korean bbq place I've been to. We had Amanda as our waitress and she was awesome! The menu is extensive and everything was fresh. Can't wait to come backI think this place trumps all other hotpot place in Philly. The broth options were great and flavor was excellent. We had tom yum, spicy korean tofu and miso. All the different flavors were amazingly good. It did not make you thirsty after the meal.
We came on a Sunday and it was the all you can eat hotpot and bbq option. We had alot of the menu item and it was to order but limitless. Keep in mind they do have a food waste charge if you order way too much and can not finish. Lol.
Meats, seafood and veggies for the hotpot were fresh and great portion size per order. Crab, fish tofu, fishball, tofu skin, silken tofu, shrimp, beef brisket, beef and veggies were plenty with our first order. Great portion size.
The bbq was just as good. A plate of butter, garlic, long hots, onion, potato, zucchini, korean bulgagi, chicken, short ribs were excellent. The chicken was a little harder to cook because it was diced. Lol. But ok.
Condiments, so many different sauce options. Very good selection. Also a small fruit and jello section.
Our server was Mary. She was attentive, knowledgeable and on point for all questions and service. Quick and precise. Request to sit in her section. Lol. She is that good. 
Parking is in the lot and free. Our all you can eat was about $30 per person. Can beat that price or how good the food was. Definitely worth the trip and ride up there considering it is a 30 min ride plus, pending traffic.Love, love, love the choices for hot pot and Korean style barbecue.  Totally delicious.We came in at 6:45 and gave the hostess a heads up that we had a party of 17 coming in around 8:00. We all worked in the restaurant business and are fully aware how seating and call ahead seating works which is why we came so early to wait. The hostess told us they would have two tables that will be ready for us at 8. We were confused when the two tables that she said we were going to be given got sat with two other parties. Our party was complete around 7:30, and the hostess never came back to check in with us. Around 8:30 we complained to the hostess and the manager got involved. The hostess was talking very badly about my sister (we could over hear it the whole entire time)  after we complained and you could tell they did not want anything to do with us. It was my brothers birthday so we tried to keep our cool so he could enjoy his experience. We ended up being sat around 9:00 at a party table that fits 12, for 17 people. It was almost impossible to share our food and enjoy our experience completely because we had two grills to cook the food on. The waiter did not seem like he wanted anything to do with us either because I'm sure he heard from his employees that we were being a pain (when we really weren't). The food was brought out in a timely manner, but as the food was brought out we weren't told what each item of food was and it was put at different parts of the table given to people who did not order that. We also did not receive a significant amount of things that we ordered. We were not even able to get the full two hours at the table because last call was an hour and a half later. The waiter was waiting around the corner for us to tell him we were done eating and it seemed like he was rushing us out even though we were still eating. Overall this was was one of the worst experiences that I've ever had a restaurant and I will not be returning or recommending it to anyone else. I'm sure the other 16 people feel the same way. We have been to Korean BBQ spots before and had large groups and something like this has never happened. Fix your workers to be nice and understanding rather than ignorant and rude. What happened was unacceptable for a place that is so highly rated by others. (Plus the food wasn't authentic at all! They didn't know what we were ordering when we asked for Kalbi)!Great food, great atmosphere. 100% worth the price. Try the short rib (Galbi), it's delicious.My 5th time to KPot and will be the last. No service at all. 
Empty plates been sitting on my table for ages. Whoever passed by just looked & walked away.Our server never check with us did we need anything which others will do so to other customer. They are getting busy and service is getting downward too.The place is nice and clean since is new. The food seem fresh but not too impress with the food options since dinner is $25 per adult, on top of it they don't accept American Express. I won't be back.Food here is great! We came here for Mother's Day and although we had to wait an hour to be seated that was expected since it's a holiday and they don't do reservations. Service was on point! They are friendly! Clean atmosphere! Definitely coming back!Last night, I went to K-Pot with three friends. Before I go into the minuses, let me start with saying that the food was generally fine and the staff friendly. However, for almost forty dollars per person for BBQ and hotpot without any extras, that is the least one would expect. My first annoyance is that there is no space to put your legs underneath the table. It's like your sitting on a bar. Secondly, they put everything on separate plates, which takes too much space. You can easily end up with thirty plates on the table. In other places, the different types of raw meat are put on the same plate. Furthermore, the only empty plate that you get is a small one, so you cannot gather much on your own plate, and you keep moving plates around. Other places also have air suction above the barbecue. Because that feature is missing, all our clothes smelled of food after the visit. And when something got burned a bit, I felt like walking outside to get fresh air. Also note that if you order octopus, the heads are included. That did not exactly wet the appetite of anybody on our table. What bothered me also is that you pay extra for eating food, while they put raw meat on lettuce themselves, which makes a fine piece of lettuce no longer edible. Finally, I'd rather have a piece of paper to select the BBQ and hotpot items and put the meat on the BBQ ourselves instead of having a waiter standing next to our table most of the time. Altogether, everything is not well thought out and impractical.Nothing about this is Korean bbq. Placard that they have to strip away from the name due to the lack of Korean flavors. My first experience is that the service is slow.
If you have a big group, be mindful that theres only one grill per table and its infrared. It takes forever to cook your meat, cant really make your  crispy.
Make sure to order 3~5 portions of something because the portion is so tiny, it could barely feed one human.
The selection of meats are pretty basic, they do have more seafood selection compared to other bbq place.
Even though the service is slow, our waitress is very accommodating.
The extensive drink menu really makes up for whatever lack of service they have. Their peach sangria is really good and their wine selection can definitely be improved.
Side note: at least get the banchan right. The  was pretty awful...Second time here food is okay but I'm giving 2 stars today for one particular reason
It's July 4th me and my friend went for a bbq lunch, we speak Chinese and our server clearly understood, while we were ordering we were discussing which item is "dinner item" and not to order in front of the waitress,  long story short, in the end I got a bill for all day dinner price instead of lunch price, and we didn't get to eat ANY of the dinner menu,  little surprise!My girlfriend and I regularly visit the location in Brunswick, NJ. It's about a 2 hour round trip just to get our KBBQ Fix. We were absolutely thrilled to discover one was opening here in Philadelphia! 
K-POT delivers traditional flavors in a modern styling that rivals most if not all other KBBQ restaurants in the greater Philadelphia area. 
We ordered the japchae, short rib, bulgogi, smoke pork belly & garlic shrimp. I spent the first 10-15min enjoying my pork belly. Seasoned and marinated to perfection it's definitely a must have! The short rib is a close second. Tender, juicy, sweet! The garlic shrimp was big and well seasoned. The bulgogi was very tender and marinated very well. The bon-chon is pretty good as well and pairs well to any of the entrees you order. The server Phoebe was extremely helpful and nice. A couple servers periodically checked on us and cooked our food as we were stuffing our faces. There is NO other restaurant that pairs "All You Can Eat" with quality like K-Pot! 
The fact that this is in the upper northeast also makes this spot amazing. Parking is plentiful, near malls, stores etc. The restaurant itself is pristine. The decor has a nice modern theme. The TVs play sports and random Korean dramas. The music is usually upbeat kpop. They play some American pop hits too. We will be back very soon! Thank you KPOT for getting a location out here!Delicious :) they have an amazing selection of choices without sacrificing quality as you will see happening with most AYCE places. The environment is very casual and the servers always friendly. I went with my buddies (they offer a birthday special for parties of 4 where the birthday guest eats for free) and our servers were Aiden and Winly, would greatly recommend.I think this should be the Mecca of Korean BBQ enthusiasts. And priced very budget-friendly if you ask me.I love this place! First time there and it was more than I expected. My two little ones described it as heaven. Lol will be coming back with my friends for a girls night!Eat everything for 2 hours until you get the meat sweatssss. So seriously. This place was so good. Super friendly staff, and very clean place. The meat come out fresh, and flavorful. Worth every penny. Loved the sauce bar. Prices increase for the weekends. Wasn't too packed for Sunday lunch time. 
Def recommend!We loved our waitress Betsy...she made the experience well worth it an was was awesome with service!! Will definitely be coming back in future!There is always a wait of about an hour to eat here. However, They have a wide selection for both hot pot and BbQ.  I do think they should make another section for sauces, we wait 15mins in line to make our dipping sauces.  CON: The spicy broth is not very spicy PRO: service is always great here!!!!We have been here twice, and we will keep returning. Fresh ingredients, nice flavors. I really like the K-pot mushroom broth. The marinade for the BBQ is really nice too. Good prices. Attentive friendly servers.Msg msg msg. I had hot pot there and I was so thirsty afterward. Note that I barely use any sauces. I ate almost everything straight from hot pot soup. I had the healthy herbal soup base. It was good but it left me so thirsty.This is a new hot spot located across the street from DnB at Franklin Mills so expect waiting for a table. I came on a Saturday night and this place was packed, waited an hour for the table but the service and food was impeccable. These staff members (Hannah and Aiden) were attentive and friendly. Food came out very quickly and tasted delicious. Returning customer!
I recommend the miso pork belly and their premium dinner cuts, don't forget to stop by their sauce bar as well.Long wait time on a Saturday night but worth it if you want some hot pot/bbq with good atmosphere and parking. 
Diamond Nails Salon ....West Philly check it outttttVisited K-Pot again on Tuesday, May 28 for my brother's birthday (my brother's first time at K-Pot) and experienced the worst service.
First, the Live Wait on the Yelp app is not accurate.  Also, when I mentioned that I added my name to the Waitlist via Yelp, the hostess didn't know what I was talking about.  Instead of 5 minutes, we had to wait about 25 minutes (the restaurant was busy for dinner, fine).
Our server was Victor.  He didn't ask us for any drinks to start and immediately took our food order.  Our table didn't have enough napkins and not enough chopsticks, and we had to flag another server to get them.  When we asked if we could order drinks, the other server had to get Victor.  Victor NEVER checked on us, NEVER checked if we needed our grill changed, always had to flag him down for each refill and to make any additional food orders.  I understand it was the dinner crowd, but at one point I saw him just sit in the booth next to us when the middle section of the dining area was cleared.  So there were now less people, but yet we had to wait for another refill, while I see him sitting at the booth chatting and laughing with other servers.
So lesson learned, don't come for dinner, ask for any other server but Victor.
In my previous post, I went with my cousin when it just opened for lunch on a Saturday.  Our server was Amanda, who was excellent!  I saw Amanda again on Tuesday night and wish I would've requested her as our server.  She always checks on you, automatically gives you refills, automatically comes with a new grill, etc. etc. She is deserving of a huge tip and more.  
If I ever visit K-Pot again, I'll ask to sit in Amanda's section regardless of the wait.
p.s. Just do the BBQ and skip the Hot Pot.  They ran out of their house special broth and the Herbal broth I got was very salty and unappetizing.Service was great. But if you know the real Korean BBQ, their grill is nothing compared to the real one. Took forever to heat up. But never really reached the sizzling point so all the food cook slow and liquid from the food just sit there. Good for the experience but not for the people who knows the best.
Also the music was bit too loud.Good atmosphere.  Just could not get into it.  Great drinks and sides.  The grilled meat just was too much for me to handle.This place is my favorite Korean Hot Pot and BBQ place. We had both for only $19.99 per person. They have a wide variety of choices even at lunch. I love their sauce bar, there are so much to mix from and their sago is delicious! 
Excellent service at the table and many parking available.MY FAVORITE PLACE!!!! This place makes me happy.  I have been here  couple times now and I can't get enough! This place has the most amazing service!!! Stuff is extremely polite! Owner came up to us couple times to check on us!!! FOOD IS AMAZING !!! Very clean (very important) We usually get all you can eat and it literally means all you can eat.  I can't say enough how much I love this place!!! I highly recommend!!!we loved it!! My family (8 ppl) ate a lot , friendly staff members , super clean , really good food , did I mention the staff ? THEY ARE AMAZING , so worth it our 1hr tripNew spot taking over the old Uno that's been vacant for years. For less than $30 a person, you get all you care to eat hot pot and bbq. The set up is all electric with 4 individual induction hit plates and a center grille in a large booth. Very comfy for our family of four. The induction plates are a safer alternative since it's magnetic and worn burn your hands but beware the pot is still hot. Wife enjoyed having her own personal hot pot. The center grill is also electric which cooks adequately but not quite the full charcoal flavor. On the upside the vents are built in and we didn't walk out smelling too bad. The place is very loud with hard surfaces reflecting sound and on top of that there's a loud k pop soundtrack. Fine for a small booth but wouldn't call it a place for dinner and conversation. I did see larger tables that can fit about 10 as well. Selection of meats, seafood, and vegetables was adequate and overall tasty. Stick with the unseasoned cuts, the bulgogi was overly sweet and underwhelming. But the pork belly and prime rib were delicious. Hit the sauce bar to your liking to enhance after instead of the marinated stuff. There's a small assortment of fruits and dessert soups to top off but frankly I had no room for it. They also serve alcohol which goes well with the cuisine. Service was attentive but there were some other diners that dragged the experience down, nothing like parents letting their kids basically yell at the wait staff....It was good but they need change some stuff like we have a group of people they like soup and don't eat soup we all just wanna sit with each other not separated see what I'm sayingI definitely will be coming back here! I came here with my family on a Friday night and it was packed. I waited around 30 minutes and got served by waitress Hannah. She was AMAZING! She was attentive, speedy, and loved her personality. She made this experience top notch! 
The food was delicious and fresh. You can pick from variety of vegetables, seafood, and meats. The food came very fast right after I ordered. They also have a sauce bar which is a plus. 
Lastly, I can't forget about the decor. First thing I noticed when I walked in the door. They must spent a lot of time on it. The designs were so different and chic. I loved every aspect of it.This is my first time come with a friend for last Saturday dinner. I like the almost the restaurant with a blue vibe design architectural. The foods have two choice one is for hot pot and other is korean BBQ.... 
I think the side dishes is was okay of my taste. But my friend like the foods and everything. The customer service it was great.I came in today around 1:00 in the afternoon. went to the hostess and told her i'll be eating alone. for some reason, she paused for a moment and looked at a list of some kind, idk if she was browsing a reservations list or something. Place was half empty. Maybe she was thinking of sending me to the kitchen to help out. LOL.
Anyways, she walked me to my table and asks me what i'll be having, The Soup? Barbecue? there was something else she mentioned that i forgot. I dont understand why a hostess asking me this question. Isn't that the server's or waitress job to do?
Place looks great. My server is nice person. Food is Okay, I guess. just a little too sweet. btw, when i tried to order a different kind of meat than the one i had, i was told it will be cooked differently. I was thinking, she was  just giving me a reason not to order that. so i told her, nevermind.
Will i come back to this place? Nevermind.The food at this restaurant is excellent. However, since everything has to be cooked at either a grill or hot pot, they really need tables with larger grills or have multiple grills at large tables. Currently, their grill is very small and can only cook one entree-sized amount of meat at a time. We had a party of 6 and it took us sooo long to have a decent amount of food. If they fix this problem, there would be no problems giving them a solid 5-star rating.
Also, they have a policy whereby everyone at the table has to get the hot pot add-on once one person gets it. I have never seen this at any other Korean BBQ restaurant.