Food here tasted great and well cooked. My husband ordered the chicken kebab meal, it included chicken kebab, fresh salad, beans, and naan on the side. I ordered the lamb kebab meal, and mine included the lamb kebab, fresh salad, cauliflower and potatoes, and naan. We got chicken samosas and extra kebab on the side, it was all very good. We also order the chicken curry, it was good but I've had better. But over all id be going back. The food is good and the price was great.
The staff here was very friendly and the place was really clean.We went for dinner yesterday. The food was good. When I tried to use my YELP, the owner refused to take my Yelp voucher because he is not participating.A great new addition to the area!  The chicken tandoori was moist and our vegetable sides (the okra and chickpeas) were hearty and left me feeling full but not greasy.  I'll be back next time to try their kabobs, and I'm happy to see that they have a rotating selection of sides and skewers.  Prices are also quite friendly (claim that Facebook offer before mid January), so this might be my new lunch spot.Ordered delivery.  Waited an hour and a half only to get a call that my food would be another hour because of delivery problems.  I am usually flexible, but a call that late is unacceptable.  And for all that they didn't even offer a free meal...Authentic Indian/Pakistani eats are hard to come by near Center City, and the honest-to-goodness Indo-Pak craving can, unfortunately, be quelled solely by a trip to University City's hole-in-the-wall halal spots. One of these joints is the original Kabobeesh, whose Pakistani fare's tastiness is, admittedly, outmatched by the hassle it takes to get there from distant neighborhoods. 
When I found out that another Kabobeesh outpost on 4th and South was opening up, I was thus ecstatic. The food here matches the quality of the University City original, in cleaner, more modern digs. I prefer the juicy, expertly marinated lamb kabobs here to the more common, slightly drier chicken, but in reality you can't go wrong with any of Kabobeesh's meats. The vegetable dishes may even outshine the charcoal-grilled kabobs. Both the toothsome, fresh okra and deeply spiced, tender eggplant sides delivered serious flavor while keeping things light, in contrast to the more heavy-cream laden, gringo-fied Indian food you get elsewhere. The rice, though a bit clumpy, was also well-seasoned and cooked. Naans, as expected, have a great rim of char while maintaining adequate fluffiness and chew.
The prices are a bit high here (~$12 for a platter), but the portions are ample. For me, the price is well-worth it for a taste of home near Center City. If you wish to expand your Indo-Pak food horizons beyond tired lunch buffets, do check out Kabobeesh for a glimpse into what many South Asians crave regularly.After seeing the countless menus in my apartment lobby, I decided to try this place out. I ordered my food at 741pm after 3 calls, my food was finally delivered at 920pm (Almost 2 hours) for me to get this mediocre food. As I happen to be in the lobby looking for the delivery guy, I see this guy coming out of a van asking me how to deliver food at my place. I asked were you here from Kabobeesh, he said yes and said he was outside for while. I then asked, why didn't you call me, he said, "I DON'T HAVE A CELL PHONE" Who in the hell doesn't have a cell phone? I told the person on the phone to have the delivery person to call me. 
On to the food, it wasn't great, the rice was clumpy, the lamb was tough.
Oh I was told I had to pay an additional $4 for the delivery because I was out range, however they had mountains of damn menus at my apartment. I politely tossed their menus in the trash. 
I will never use this place to order food again and I suggest no one orders from them either.Re-opened with a completely different menu. Resham beef/chicken, naan and curry dishes are gone.Just ate over here for the third time and the food was delicious! The price was great and the service was too. 
Check out the lamb, it just melts in your mouth.I've been going to the Univ. City location for a while and love it, so I was glad when this one opened in Q.V. as I live just four blocks away. 
First time in was during the grand opening. Chicken, rice, veggies, were all up to snuff, banging, and exactly what I'd come to know from Kabobeesh: Four to five star seasoning. Restaurant was packed with veteran cooks, and they had my business for the long haul. 
Then...something happened. I suspect it's that the expansion cooks and/or mgmt aren't up to speed yet. Since the grand opening, the chicken has been bland (and too charred considering), and frankly, a little chickeny tasting (ya know, in that cheap Chinese restaurant sorta way). Rice: boring, veggies: boring, samosas: paid for and forgotten, bread: still soft and fantastic. 
The food itself (since the opening weeks) deserves 2 stars, but bc I know the problem is execution rather than fundamental, I won't mug them. Three stars. C'mon, university city! Whip these boys into shape.A women who worked there & a man (the owner i'm guessing) were complete JERKS!!!! I walked in to use the restroom and planned on purchasing something and the women gave me attitude immediately! I said "I need to use the restroom it's an emergency & I also plan on purchasing something" I grabbed a water went up to the counter & was about to order some food. He assumed I was just getting the water & started yelling at me. He didn't bother to ask me if there was anything else I wanted. So I said forget it. And walked out! His attitude and how he was speaking to me was so unbelievably rude! I will never purchase anything from them. I highly recommended no one goes here. It always looks dead & the food doesn't look good either.Bought the yelp deal and ordered take-out. I ordered the lamb roll and baklava. The lamb roll is similar to a gyro. The meat was spiced and cooked perfectly. I would have preferred tomatoes inside instead of carrots.The baklava wasn't too great. The staff and decor of this place isn't great. It looks almost like a chain restaurant and is impersonal.Have had delivery & pick-up both time food was delicious and prompt.  Also, conscientious about my multiple food allergies.When I saw the sign for this newly opened restaurant last week (in the location of the former The Latest Dish) it said "A new name in barbeque". Being a big BBQ or barbeque fan I was excited. Then it opened quietly last week and I went to google it. I found the Yelp review for their older location in University City. It turns out it's "Philly's Oldest Pakistani Restaurant".  I've not had Pakistani food before but was told it was close to Indian. While Indian is not my fav ethnic food, I have eaten it. I just order non-spicey items as I cannot tolerate black or chili pepper. Reading the reviews of the UC location folks talked abut the large portions and the long wait for food (biggest complaint). Anyway, since I live a few blocks from South Street I ventured there today for lunch at about 1:15 in the afternoon (weekday). The place was empty when I arrived. It is self service. You order at the counter and they bring your food on Styrofoam plates on a tray with plastic utensils. 
There are two kind of food here: precooked (in the steam table) and custom grilled kabobs. For about $5 more than a kabob on bread you can have a platter which includes the kabob, bread (nan - a large one), salad (lettuce and onions with no dressing) rice (unflavored) and a side vegetable from the steam table. Today it was mixed vegetable in a brown gravy or chick peas in a similar brown sauce.  I told the server I can't eat spicy and he recommended the chicken kabob and the mixed vegetables.  I sat and waited for food. 
A few minutes later four Pakistani men came in and ordered - obviously knowing what they wanted. In about 10 minutes my platter was delivered. The highlight was the Nan (which I did not see listed separately on the menu). It was freshly fried and huge. On the plate was the rice (a large portion), the veggies (1/2 cup maybe) and the Chicken cubes (seasoned with paprika and grilled. Maybe 5 cubes. When I tasted the veggies my mouth burned. Now, I am sensitive to pepper so keep that in mind. I went to counter and asked if I could try the only other option - the chick peas. The man who took my order (one of two men behind the counter - the other was the cook who it appeared did not speak English) said all the food is a little spicy. I tried the check peas and they were not spicey in my opinion so I asked for those in return.  I guess I felt reasonably full upon finishing, but I didn't feel it was as good as 2-3 souvlaki places within a block or two. I did have a discount offer but, without it - and no beverage, I had tap water - it would have been about $12. Okay, value; not great.
If you like this type of food, I'll suggest that you wait for more reviews from those who like spicy food. The best I can tell you in my review is that there are not a lot of non-spicey options here - even some of the kabobs are spicy. And a kabob sandwich (about $6 could be good but not as filling as a gyro for the same price at South Street Souvlaki or Aryan.
The restaurant does offer vegetarian options and the meats are all Halal. No liquor license but I think you can bring beer or wine.
BTW, the rest room was reasonably clean but the restaurant is new - and there is no atmosphere - not even pictures on the wall (yet).
So don't depened on the "barbeque" in the name. And because it's Halal, there is no pork anywhere on the menu.We ordered food to the hotel and they mixed up the order. We ordered two sandwiches and humus. They forgot the drinks and had to return to drop them off. They never provided us with bread for the humus and I was told since I ordered sandwiches I wouldn't need the bread for the humus. Ridiculous explanation!  I would give them the benefit of the doubt and there was obviously a language issue. Be warned if you make an order on the phone 
The food was average nothing to write home about, the fact that the delivery guy came back to drop off the water and bread was much appreciated but they lack professionalism 
This was the Turkish place on South St.This place is heinous. We ordered once before for delivery, and they called right away to say they were closed. That happens, so we were okay with it. Then a few nights ago I ordered the chicken tikka masala special for delivery 30 minutes before they closed. They called immediately to say they were out of the special and asked what I wanted in its place. Almost two hours later, we had no word from them and they were not answering at the restaurant. We called back the cell phone number that had called to change the order, and within a few minutes they finally delivered the order. The delivery driver was in a car packed with other people, and the only item in the order that was still remotely warm was the naan. The rest of the order was crusty and cold- completely inedible. At least I got a cold coke and a warm piece of naan. Will not be wasting my time or my money again.Kabobeesh has some of the best Pakistani food in Philly. The ambiance is great, and you can see them prepare the food.Order Information
1 $11.99
Chicken Shish Kabob
1$5.99
Stuffed Grape Leaves
1$12.99
Lamb Gyro
Items Subtotal:
$30.97
Delivery Fee:
$2.00
Sales Tax:
$2.64
Tip:
$3.00
Total:
$38.61
My girlfriend went down to get the food. She claimed that the delivery driver eyed up her chest. I responded "well let's hope the food is good LOL"   If you are a female maybe be aware if that sort of thing, but that doesn't bother us, and we never give or take away stars for service, because who cares. It's all about the FOOD. 
This review is purely based upon the food. 
Her chicken was burnt and dry. The rice was flavorless. It was gross. Literally gross. 
I got the Lamb Gyro.... but they delivered me a lamb platter with pita. For 38 dollars.... I thought that they could at least assemble the thing for me...... and with only two 5 inch pitas...... my lamb "gyro" had to mostly be eaten with a fork...... and it was dry.   I really was hoping for a gyro not a gyro platter. I think the problem was with our food is that it was just plain dry and burnt. 
This is probably the worst food I've had in a long time. 
The stuffed grape leaves were fantastic! Worthy of the one star that we are giving. 
I will never order from here again, it was beyond disappointment and expensive... 
We could have gotten 3 large pizzas for the cost of this...... or 6 cheese steaks..... or..... so many other great options
ONE STARNo frills Indian - Pakistani restaurant. This is their 2nd location (original is in University City). This spot is nicer and cleaner, and the food is just as good. Best to eat-in rather than delivery. Check out the Lamb Kebab, Resham Beef, and Tandoori Chicken.What a fantastic restaurant. This was one of the best places I have eaten in all of Pennsylvania and only disappointed that they are not in California for me to eat at on a regular basis. The Kabobs were awesome!It was late, 1045 on a Sunday and being sick all day had me asleep all day. I was ravenously hungry and just wanted something hearty and like comfort food. Being a previous Tiffin employee and fan of Mumbai Bistro too I was craving Indian food and wanted Chana Masala. Among the only things open besides mexican and Chinese which i didn't want, was Kabobesh which said they would still deliver. I ordered the Chana and a Mango milkshake. Delivery was timely. All good. 
Excited to dig into the chana, I popped off the lid and began eating. At the first bite it was the most horrible excuse for chana I had ever tasted. It tasted as if the chick peas came straight out of the can, unsalted and thrown into an oily "sauce". Most of it was oil, almost no flavor, it tasted like soup stock. I'm not even sure they used spices or actually cooked the chickpeas with anything. Onions? Tomatoes? Nothing. Literally bland semi hard chickpeas in oil with a spice or 2 and almost no salt. The milkshake was a smoothie so why call it a milkshake. Milkshakes are made with ice cream! 
I had ordered once from their west Philly location 2 years ago and it was disgusting. I should have known better. Because the chick peas were clearly not cooked into any spices I can probably rinse them of their oily grossness and use them to cook with. I can probably make my own chana masala. In fact, that's what I will do. Thanks for the $20 can of chick peas Kabobesh.Stopped in last night to learn that Kabobeesh (as in part of the university city franchise) is now a Turkish restaurant with the same name. Can't rate the food, bc I left upon learning. Can't believe they allowed them to absorb the name. Oh well. Back to west philly.For south Asian food at a good price, it doesn't get any better in Philly.
I have been a huge fan of the original Kabobeesh for several years.I usually ask Indian/Pakistani/Bangladeshi cab drivers for restaurant recommendations: with one exception, the answer is always Kabobeesh. Since moving from West Philly to Queen Village about a year ago,  I have often made trips to 42nd and Chestnut to eat at the original location. I was overjoyed when I heard that Kabobeesh was opening a new location in my neighborhood. Really, like I was checking their Facebook page compulsively for a few weeks.
I've eaten at every Indian/chaat restaurant in West Philly, and there's no question in my mind that Kabobeesh is the most authentic and delicious south Asian food that you'll find on that side of town. The verdict on Kabobeesh's brand new South Street location? Just as delicious, if not better, than the original.
I've had almost everything on the menu at some point, so this is what I'd recommend doing:
-It's Pakistani food, not Indian, but there's a good bit of overlap. If you like the latter, you'll probably like the former, and the converse is probably true.
-Get a platter! You'll get one of their signature grilled meats, rice, a vegetable side, and a salad. Oh and it comes with naan. It's worth going just for the naan bread. For two people, a platter plus an extra vegetable side and extra naan is plenty for two people. So, dinner for two for just over $15. Not bad.
-I'm not a vegetarian, but am a huge fan of going with the veg options at Kabobeesh. There is a rotating schedule of what dishes are available. I recommend the okra, as well as the chana masala.
-If meat is your thing, the resham beef/chicken kabobs and the lamb are fabulous.
-Most dishes are going to be spicy. The chana (chickpea) masala can be surprisingly spicy, but it can vary a little from visit to visit. It's not overwhelming for someone with a more sensitive palate (i.e my wife) but I would stay away from the sauce-based dishes and stick with the grilled meats or the fish.
-It's BYOB. Pick up a beer in the neighborhood, or swing by the store at 7th and South for wine or spirits.
-Don't freak out if you are waiting 10 minutes for what you expect to be fast food. They are most likely making the bread in the tandoori oven or grilling your meats.
Really no complaints. The interior is much more modern than the West Philly location, and feels clean. I'm thrilled that Kabobeesh has expanded, and will be going back often.I am glad they opened a new branch on south street (previous one in 42nd and chestnut) with muuuuch better dining space.
The food is great. I definitely categorize it as SPICY. So watch out !
I took away one star because the service is slow and the staff, even though friendly, are not attentive enough. So your dinner may take longer than what you expect. Also, it is almost self-service.Do NOT purchase the Yelp Voucher. After getting my bill and finding that it was $50 I decided to purchase the voucher and after doing so was told by the restaurant owner that he refused to accept Yelp vouchers. I showed him the code and he was adamant that he would not take it. Now I have spent $40 that I can't use. Hopefully Yelp will remediate this situation and hopefully this review will spare you all from the inconvenience I've had to deal with.So my brother and I are one a strict menu at the moment and we asked for just the chicken in a chicken kabob order. Although they were a little confused we had already eaten some salad so we didn't want anything but the chicken. They listened and brought it out as requested. It was good, quickly and well. Flavor was good and the atmosphere is nice. Came in around noon so it wasn't busy. Not sure what it was previously but it's Turkish now and am happy with my service and food today, will be back when in the neighborhood.NOTE (Jul 3, 2016): In fairness to the restaurant owner I've increased the rating from 1 star to 3 stars to neutralize it pending subsequent analysis. The owner has provided a response below which is self-explanatory and reasonable. The fact that the owner is willing to engage with his customer base is in itself a good sign and justifies my new rating. I will be visiting this restaurant at some point over the summer for a second gyro investigation after which I will provide my final official rating (may increase or decrease).
This is a review of the South Street Turkish location (not the Pakistani guy in University City).
I'll keep it simple - arrived on a weekday at 12pm wanting to order a gyro only to find that they did not have it. Hence one star. Now before you react with shock that I'd give one star for any restaurant that simply ran ran out of product, please read on ...
Firstly, remember this is a TURKISH restaurant - gyro is one of their anchor products. 
Secondly, I arrived at mid-day the PEAK hour for business.
Thirdly, its not all about the gyro - the place was more deserted than the Phillies ballpark!
Fourthly, they actually HAD gyro but they had not yet started cooking it ... do you see the issue here reader ... this place has such little demand they do not start cooking gyro until the first order of the day!
Using my power of logic I deduced that this might not be an optimal-gyro scenario.
In fact, when I asked for gyro, a guy came out from the back with a totally rock solid frozen lump of mystery meat on a spit that the cashier told me would be served within 10 mins. I'll give her one star purely for optimism. That's a fast time to market - 10 mins from frozen like the Siberian tundra to on your plate!!! 
But in reality of-course I doubt it could be achieved. The fact the place (South St) was totally empty on a bustling weekday lunch hour further told me all I needed to know and like a cop undertaking surveillance on a massage parlour, when the moment of truth finally arrived, I tipped my hat, politely made my excuses and quickly vacated the premises rather proceed any further along the negotiation and actually commit the carnal act.
May try again sometime in the future if desperate and will change rating if I get to experience the real gyro, but for now - its one star - I would advise all but the most adventurous locals to avoid this place.My co-worker and I ordered lunch through eat24.  We ordered three items and the delivery took over an hour.  We neglected to check the food before the delivery man left.  HUGE MISTAKE!
As soon as we opened the bag we spotted issue #1.  We ordered a coke.  We were given a Strawberry Fanta.  The two do not sound, look, or taste similar.  It would have been nice to get a phone call asking to make the substitution.
I ordered the mozzarella sticks that include french fries.  The mozzarella sticks were burnt and included 4 soggy fries.  The appetizer was also garnished with huge chunks of tomato and some parsley.
My co-worker ordered the lunch chicken gyro special, which included rice and a house salad.  She also requested extra taziki.  The container broke open on the side and most of the chicken fell out into the plastic delivery bag and onto the Strawberry Fanta.  The taziki sauce was completely runny and watered down.  It was not a sauce at all.
We called the restaurant to complain about our order and apparently spoke to the cook, whom replied..'I'm just the cook.  The owner delivered the food.'  Awesome.I just moved to this area and I have been trying out different Indian delivery places. This was my 2nd place, and I wasn't impressed.
I ordered the chicken curry combo.  The Chicken curry had no gravy it was just oil. The chicken was cooked well but the container looked like sweet and sour soup from a Chinese restaurant. I barely got to eat the naan because there was nothing to dip it in besides lots of oil that the chicken was sitting in. The spinach and potatoes consisted of spinach and 3 small pieces of potatoes. 
The naan and rice was very tasty, the salad was fresh. The delivery was fast and timely with a very pleasant delivery guy.
Overall, I wouldn't order from here again, but I just may have gotten the wrong dish.Excellent salmon kebab! Channa masala some of the best I've had. Kheer (rice pudding) THE best I've had. Prices are fair, portions are good. Will definitely be here again.Solid addition to the South Street district. Kebabs are great, veg options are fantastic (the lentils are amazing!), and the spicy green sauce on the side is wonderful.
I haven't tried to eat in the establishment, and I'd warn anyone ordering take-out that the 20 minutes they quote you is generally pretty accurate - since they charcoal grill the kebabs they can take 20-25 minutes easily. Don't go early.Good food, good portions. Did delivery... which was VERY fast.I am very happy that my favorite restaurant is closer to where I live. Whenever a restaurant opens a second location I am always concerned that the quality will not be maintained; however, in this case my concerns have been squashed. 
Everything I loved about the original university city location is alive and well on south street. I am curious what their Hookah bar is going to be like.Decent food. Delivered through Seamless and came in great time. Definitely was not exceptional in anyway.
I ordered the lamb chops and for $20 I expected a bit more meat. I was not full after the meal and probably could've ate an entire additional order of lamb chops. Rice and yogurt were good, but again, portions were too small.
I'm unlikely to order from here again because of the lack of satisfaction after the meal.
The food itself is slightly above average but like I said, not exceptional.TRAGEDY STRIKES! I love this place, but they are closed due to an electrical fire. 
Resham beef, chicken kebabs and their nice, spicy channa are the best when they are open.They told me they didn't have tap water and charged me for bottled water. I had a chicken gyro for lunch was okay. They tried to make up for the water situation by giving me free dessert which was like a rice pudding. I bit into a mold spore. Then I inspected the dish and there were several mold spores! He tried to tell me it was pistachio. I'm a trained chef and know the difference between pistachio and mold. HorribleI live three blocks away and was always  tempted to stop in every time I went on South Street, well I finally did on Monday night after work. I ordered the Lamb Kabob with rice, nan, salad and a side of aaloo palak. Everything was cooked and seasoned perfectly! They also have a BYOB hookah lounge located on the second floor, now how awesome is that! If your in the area  give Kabobeesh a try!Disappointed that it's now Turkish food rather than Pakistani as originally was.  I want my beef roll back!! Guess I'll have to make a special trip to 42nd St. to get it.  Too bad, I was somewhat of a regular and excited that it was in the neighborhood.  Food is still good, but still, beef roll.great price for the amount of food. but it wasn't good enough to take away in a to-go container. ambience is definitely that of a delivery/take-out. you order at the counter and the food is pre-made and kept warm, my samosa went into the microwave. it tasted great though! no table service; like I said you order and pick up your food on a tray and styrofoam plates with plastic utensils. All in all, the food tasted great and is well priced- but the restaurant itself could use a makeover.Place sucks! All the good Turkish places have closed! Food has no seasoning, waiter doesn't understand English. Frustrating.Great food. Great portions. Great prices. What more or else can I say? We were heading to Aryans when I convinced my daughter to give this place a try. Lamb chops were amazing. Rice pudding was better than what I have had before...overall it was outstanding and the owners are very friendly.The meat was tough and had quite a bit of gristle.  All the food was way overspiced..  My tongue was virtually on fire for the better part of a half hour after eating here.  Certainly recommended as a miss.  Would not return or recommend.EAST SIDE!!! Every delicious thing that  I enjoy about West Philly's o.g. kabob destination is now just a stone's throw off of South Street on 4th. 
Not that it means a damned bit of difference to anyone out there, but that's very convenient for me, especially as I have been a great big fan of Kabobeesh's kabobs for some time now, and I can always use me a kabob...kebab, kabab, kebap...or however you wanna call it. K-dawg over here complies. You can call me K-Bob, I don't mind.
By, "every delicious thing that I enjoy," I mean, of course, tender tasty chargrilled lamb and chicken bobs, resham chicken (ground, spiced chicken kabobs), and my favorite tandoori bone-in chicken, stained bright red on the outside and laced with char, while inside is bright white and juicy. Ahh yeah. Kabobeesh bakes some lovely naan and their veg sides are nicely spiced ( I'm lookin at you chana), along with their ghee-y basmati rice. Your choice of kabob meal with these components and a little bit o' salad greens will run you about $11 and you'll likely have leftovers too. 
Of course you can forgo the meal deal and kabob that mutha a la carte, or order extra add-ons that way too. Definitely make sure to get ya some extra green sauce. Happily pour it on everything. Integral tastiness!
The spot is a spanking new annnd now they deliver too. Delivery, even! Oh things are lookin up for me in the laziness department (or down, depending, I guess).
Everyone we've encountered working here seem to be such nice people. That's another thing. Every time we have a conversation with those working here, the husband and I end up adding a little something new on to our order after a generous sample or suggestion. That's how I've come to know bout Chicken Jalfarazi Fridays! 
Be on the lookout for such daily specials. Their Chicken Jalfarazi is flavorful, though not as spicy as I'd like, and is quite a homey chicken curry. Not that I had mad amounts of Pakistani curry around the hearth during my youth, but you know that feeling of intrinsic comfort food, don'tcha? That's what I mean.
Good Pakistani cookin here, that's what I'm telling. This is the point. I repeat, once again Kabobeesh is the beesht. Kabobeesh Eeeasht is the beeesht.What I ordered and what was brought to me was wrong. I lived in Turkey and Indo not recognize what I am eating. It is very Americansized. Will not returnDelivery was a HUGE mess. It took the restaurant over 24 hours to deliver my correct order. They kind of made up for it with a free meal... however, the food just wasn't good.
The baklava was great though!Please see my previous reviews. After finally getting to taste the food here, leaving this as a two star and will not be back. Very disappointing. Ordered the donner kabab and frys. Unfortunately, food was made haphazardly, the naan warmed then left out to cool while fry's cooked. Way too much salad and miniscule meat (almost 80% salad to meat ratio). Sauce just piled in without care, drenching the tiny amount of kebab and to top it all off, a portion of frys that you could count on one hand - literally 5 or six frys (although they were good). 
Overall just seemed like very low value offerred at the price. I just cannot believe that food input costs are so significant that a restaurant should attempt to save money to this extent (how much do potato's cost?). 
Sadly there just arn't that many solid donner kebab places in Philly, but if you definately want it I'd recomend the Greek place on South St and avoid this joint.My delivery came really quickly which was great, but the food was BLAND.  I ordered the lamb kebab meal and the chicken curry meal. The salad had no dressing and my side of chick peas, green sauce and chicken curry tasted watered down..I live down the street and this place has gradually become my favorite take-out place since it's opening. (it's still pretty new) this place has good food made to go and good samosas for lunch. Try lamb curry and any other curries made here. Rice is always made fresh which I like. In my opinion, curries here are better than kebab options. Reasonable price for food. It makes a good lunch place and dinner take out.If you want very tasty Turkish food, this is where you need to go.  I generally go for Lamb Adana dishes since the lamb is prepared so deliciously.  The decor of the place leaves a bit to be desired, especially for people looking for a particularly lively place ala the majority of restaurants on South St (Kabobeesh is right off South St), but the layout and interior are exactly how you would find many eateries in Turkey (I have Turkish heritage and have visited many times), which generally means you come for the food and not necessarily the decor.  This is the only place in Philly I get Turkish food from, partly because I live in the neighborhood but mostly because the food is that good and I can't justify getting Turkish food from anywhere else.I was wandering around queens village with my boyfriend's mother when we stumbled on this place. It's no longer called kabobeesh but the food is FANTASTIC. I really enjoyed how authentic the flavoring was and I really enjoyed my food. Will definitely visit again.I absolutely love this place! My favorite in the city..and this area has a lot of competition! The cold appetizer platter is glorious and very large, perfect to share but I often get it for a meal. The  iman fainted (lovely eggplant dish) is great too! The ambience is nothing special but the service is great! Last time I was there they brought me a Turkish hot tea and some baklava on the house!Order from GrubHub they took around an hour and 40min  to get here. When the guy called to say he was here I went down, n he wasn't here! I had to go out looking for him on the street. He just gave me my food not even say hi n turned around. Food was cold of course. I complained to GrubHub and apparently they contacted the restaurant who started calling me! One of the reasons I used GrubHub was cause I hate talking on the phone! Plus this is 10pm after the third call I turned off my phone and contacted GrubHub again. They contacted them so they could stop calling. 
Just a terrible experience with a simple delivery. Ruined my night.I ordered grilled salmon, chicken shish kebab, Lahmacun, and kunefe. It is the best Turkish food that I have ever eaten in the USA. I am a big fun of Turkish food and it is the first time that I really felt satisfied.Awesome food! The restaurant atmosphere is great. Customer service was wonderful. The waitress was friendly and always checked in! I even learned a few Turkish words. Deff coming back!