Cute decor, lovely staff, delicious food! Must try crab fried rice and chicken curry. Great neighborhood spot! Lucky to have Kalaya.Kalaya is a wonderful new addition to the Bella Vista neighborhood! It is my second visit and I have been very impressed with the food and service.  This is not your "pad thai' joint.  This is Southern Thai, boasting family dishes from the chef's mother! We loved the curry chicken with coconut rice.  The lemongrass drink should not be missed! We will be back very soon!I want to like this place. It's gotten rave reviews and I've been looking for a good Thai restaurant in Philly for so long. But the portions are just so small. It's way over priced for what you get. The monk fish was good but you only get 4 small pieces. I enjoyed the chicken curry but again the portion was very small. The curry was supposed to come with a side of rice. Since I read good reviews for coconut rice and the small portions, we ordered an extra coconut rice. Somehow, it ended up replacing the rice that was supposed to come with the curry dish. The fish cake starter was mediocre at best. Overall the flavor was decent but not as mind blowing as suggested in other reviews. Definitely not a good value in a city with so many good restaurants.Absolutely terrific. We were there on their first weekend night, and they're still getting the kinks worked out on service a little, but they are extremely friendly and the food is exquisite. Go.Sorry to be boring and add to all the 5 star reviews on here but .. this was amazing. We got the tapioca dumplings which was the one thing I wouldn't recommend (they were a little too gelatinous and chewy). We also got the chicken wings, red curry which was great, crab fried rice, and eggplant dish. I didn't find anything to be particularly spicy but we didn't order anything above 3 stars on the spiciness scale. There was one pescatarian in our group and there were plenty of options for her. We also got the mango sticky rice which was delicious! For all that split among 4 we paid $25 each plus tip which I thought was reasonable, and it's BYOB. I am really excited about this new spot and will definitely be back!Kayala is a superb Thai BYOB for those looking for authentic Thai food. Nok, one of the owners and chef,  is hands down one of the best kept secrets in Philadelphia. The service was relaxed, the food unmatched and the restaurant is simple and beautiful. You will not be disappointed. Get there before the word gets out!Fabulous authentic Thai with great service, an exciting menu, and BYO to boot! We are so lucky. It's nearest peer is Little Serow in DC and this place offers more choices. Can't wait to go again!Overall nice place. Cute decor. 
Tables are really close together. You can't get out of your seat unless the table is physically moved out of the way. Meh
We were the ONLY Asians dining here. That's a little bit of a red flag for me. The owners were definitely catering to the white customers. This is common treatment toward Asians when they try to "upscale" Thai food. We were not checked on at all by the owners. But every other table was. Another meh. The food was good but small portions for the price. No bag for the take home food either. I'm suppose to just carry the plastic box? Overall okay place. Won't be back tho. BYOB is also nice.Every dish we had at Kalaya was incredible. 
Were there hiccups in the service? Did we see people having to wait 30-45 minutes after their reserved time? Yes. But if you can overlook this new restaurant's growing pains, be prepared to have a meal marked by intense flavors, fresh and high-quality ingredients, and unique dishes that you won't find anywhere else.
Every dish we tried was a winner, particularly the kang gai khao mun, chicken curry with pandan rice. The rice has an intense vanilla/pandan flavor that tastes almost like a dessert, and the curry is silky smooth, with intricate flavors expertly melded together. The yum nua ma kua poa, sliced beef salad, was incredibly spicy, but the beef was so tender and the dish so savory yet light, we could not stop eating it. Another table favorite was the kang poo pak tai, or crab meat curry, which at $27 was the most expensive dish we ordered, but 100% worth it for those generous lumps of crab.
Service was friendly and helpful, though our server was clearly still learning the ropes. Though she didn't open our wine bottle at first, she was attentive and immediately opened it when asked, and was really good about refilling waters - which was appreciated as we consumed our fairly spicy meal! Our appetizers took a long, long while to arrive, but after that, the pace of the meal was fine.
I'd recommend coming here with a small group (4-6) so you can try more dishes. All the items looked so intriguing, and even with the four of us ordering as much as we could eat, there were still more items we wanted to try! Also, make a reservation. And make it for the number of people you plan to bring - we saw a reservation of 2 try to sneak in a third person, and the dining space is just too small to accommodate that. 
I'm already excited to come back here again. I'm even thinking of booking a cooking class, which I saw advertised in their front window, for my dad, partially for Father's Day but also for selfish reasons - I need to know how to make chicken curry with pandan rice, I could eat that dish every day.It's a an authentic Thai food restaurant . If you are not into spicy food than this restaurant is not for you. 
I would recommend that you share because the portions are small and it's best if you share it . 
We were 4 people so we order 
Appetizers --
Grilled oyester mushroom --amazing 
Topoica Dumplings 
MainCourse 
Grilled eggplant -- amazing 
Tofu with mushroom grilled -- amazing 
Chicken curry -- litttle spicy thinly sliced meat
Barramundi with pineapple -- like the fish not the pineapple it is sour . 
We all had to order the rice as a side as none of the curry came with rice . 
I didn't like the fact that I order a barramundi with pineapple as main course and had to order rice as a side and it was not enough for me . I am a foodie and for the amount I paid I did not like it that I can still eat more .
But if you are their for taste it is one of the authentic Thai place to be at in philly.Saw this place was getting high reviews, and was fairly new. Brought my parents here to venture out in the world of Thai cuisine after my trip to Bangkok a few months ago. That being said, I stayed with a friend in Bangkok so I have an accurate measure of authenticity and this place definitely hit the spot. No, I did not order Pad Thai and have no clue if it was even on the menu (although I did have it in Thailand).
The place is new, so the kinks are being worked out still. I kept that in mind. I have a reservation for 8:15 for 3 people but turns out I only make it for 2 people. Luckily we were able to be seated- it was cramped but it worked, we were comfortable. I am SO thankful it worked out, thanks to the lovely host/owner. The restaurant is small, cozy, and bustling even at nearly 9 PM on a weeknight. The one thing I'd like is that it is VERY loud. They're trying to work on that, as I understand. But do not come here on a date LOL. You will not hear anything. 
We ordered (for 3 people):
1. Spicy duck salad - amazing. It's mostly spicy ground duck with some cabbage on the side of it, but it's so good. It's almost not a salad but a spicy meat dish? I would say it's on the spicier end so beware! 
2. Crab meat curry - also amazing. Also pretty spicy which I didn't expect but the flavor was powerful and we asked for coconut rice instead of the noodles it came with (since we got another noodle dish) and it's so nice they accommodated it! I actually loved it with coconut rice because the coconut rice is sooo good, slightly sweet, so to me it balanced out the spice. 
3. Coconut rice - with that being said, get this! It's a sweeter rice, more seasoned and parts of it were a tad brunt (I thought this added great flavor/texture) 
4. Shrimp/glass noodles- comes with 3 shrimp, and just like in Thailand, they are huge. The flavors surprised me in a good way, not spicy but definitely flavorful for a noodle dish. 
+ we had leftovers, if this helps you decide how much to order...
I think anything you get will be delicious but I do highly recommend the crab meat curry and coconut rice. Next time I want to try the tapioca balls appetizer! 
We brought BYO wine and it went perfectly with the dishes so do keep in mind this is a BYOB. However they have a variety of cool drinks such as Thai iced tea and coconut juice as well as La Croix ($3 each tho...). 
The chef came out to ask how everything was, she is the counterpart to the hostess and they are so bad ass lady bosses so congrats to them! This place is a hit, can't wait to return.This is my favorite Thai restaurant in Philly! The atmosphere is incredible; the ambience is very modern yet cozy and truly pays homage to the cuisine being served. The menu is beautiful and the food is delicious. Make sure you try the crab fried rice, it is incredible. The owner of the restaurant, Nok, is incredibly gracious, charming and personable. Nok is a true gem and a pleasure to talk to in addition to bring an artist in the kitchen. My experience at Kalaya was truly magical and I can't wait to go back!The owner is super friendly. The service is equally as friendly and attentive. The food itself is amazing - beautifully plated, fresh and full of flavor. I love that it's BYOB too!This is the most authentic Thai food that you could ever find. The curry was so flavorful and the aroma ... yummmmm...  the papaya salad was to die for!!! I couldn't tolerate spice but this was too good to not try. Just get a glass of their thai tea! We got the chicken curry with coconut rice, crabmeat curry with vermicelli, an extra side of jasmine rice, and papaya salad with sticky rice. The price is reasonable due to authenticity!OK, I have to believe I visited the Upside Down version of Kalaya.  My experience was absolutely sub standard and the prices were ridiculous, based on the portions and lack of flavor. 
First, I will admit most of the time, take out is not going to be as good as eating in.  That said, in picking up our meal, the noise level on a Sat. night exceeded anything I have ever experienced in a restaurant.  It was deafening.  There is no way I ever could have enjoyed any meal with that amount of noise.  I've been to tractor pulls that were less noisy. 
Now onto the food.  Bland, bland, bland.  What can I say.  Better food at Panda Express by far.  $19.00 for four slugs of monkfish (that is the whole order, no vegetables or sauce), which was dry and tasteless.  The crab curry that everyone raves about had flaccid noodles and basically tasted as though they just poured coconut milk over the noodles.  We also got the cabbage dish.  Which was barely cooked and again, completely flavorless.  That is hard to accomplish with fish sauce, but that was our experience.  Coconut milk rice.  Again, just tasted as though they added sugar to rice.  But at least it had some flavor.Wonderful food, great service, attentive owners and chef. The only issue is that the tables are too small for all the wonderful foods we ordered, lol :)
I recommend the glass noddles, Bronzino, and the dumplings. Best Thai food I've had in a long time... possibly ever.Let me start by saying that the reviews that rave about the delicious food are all true. The food is beautiful, loaded with flavor, spice and everything nice. The mom's khao yum kamin salad was so flavorful with coconut, dried shrimp, vegetables, chili flakes.. served at the table with a beautiful presentation of each item placed in the dish separately and the server comes to mix the bowl. This salad with its flavor and texture was delightful. The fried rice along with the crab coconut curry was rich and depth-filled. I ordered the shrimp with glass noodles by recommendation from our server and she did not steer me wrong. The dish is infused with flavor then baked in a pot. I'm telling you, the shrimp was huge and meaty and almost tasted like I was eating hearty pieces of crab (and that's a good thing). The place is cute and the service was exceptional but the noise level was practically unbearable. We were celebrating my birthday and couldn't even have a conversation. We didn't stay for dessert because we couldn't hear each other. We were told at one point that they were working on the acoustics of the room this coming week. It sounds like they are going to do something to help with the noise level. I can't say enough about the food, though. Really wonderful meals! (And it's a byob and wine was flowing!)I came on the first day of their soft opening. Service, atmosphere, quality of food was extraordinary. This is not your normal Thai place. Get your taste buds prepared. They make everything from scratch and you can tell. They don't dumb down the spices -- the dishes really pack a punch so be ready for it. That being said, half of the dishes (chicken curry, wok fried pork) I ordered were pretty spicy, and very tasty. The other dishes I ordered were the crab fried rice and the golden pouch appetizer, which were divine. You pay for what you get.
The menu is family style and they had a nice variety on there. With 4 people, we ordered 4 dishes + 1 dessert (mango and sweet rice) and we all left 100% full. This place is also BYO which is great! The owners Nok and My-Le are very driven women who have a incredible story.Absolutely astounding. Service is superb and the food- oh my LORD!
I got the ceviche, king Klingon nua and Kaho pad poo. 
Everything was truly amazing!!!If I were a good person, I would write up every single detail of our dinner and notate it here so that future diners could take advantage of it. Alas, a few weeks have passed and memory has faded away the names of exact dishes that we ate. 
Here's what I do remember: Every plate and bowl we received was eaten with exclamations of delight. Staff were warm and kind -- opening our BYOB, not blinking when the table next to us gifted us the rest of their BYOB, etc. The interior was cozy and neighborhoody. They had one table outside.
The place was delicious and unlike any other Thai place I've ever been to. I really, really want to go back.Is this the best Thai place in Philly?  Yes, Yes it is.
If you are looking for an authentic Thai experience where they don't skimp on the flavor (or the chillis) this is your kinda place.  Not only that this place is BYOB, and believe me you are gonna need it if you get their beef salad because when they say level 3 spice that just means that's a level 3 when you start eating it.  But with something this flavorful you just have to throw caution to the wind and get with the program.
The menu is varied with a large selection of dishes you are unlikely to find anywhere else.  For us we had 4 people and shared 3 appetizers (chicken wings, beef salad, tapioca dumplings), 1 large soup special (tom yum), 1 noodle dish (shrimp with glass noodle), 1 curry (chicken), and 1 vegetable (eggplant), and 1 dessert (panacotta) and it was just the right amount of food.  We had only a little bit of soup for left overs.
First of all everything we had was good maybe with the exception of the chicken wings, it was a little bit bland compared to everything else.  I think I feel this way because everything else I had was much stronger in flavor that it overwhelmed the wings.  The stand out dishes for me were the tapioca dumplings, the tom yum soup, and the beef salad.  the tom yum soup special was presented with 3 large river prawns head and all and it was so rich and flavorful that I'm already missing it as I'm writing this review.  The most surprising though were the tapioca dumplings.  being used to bubble tea and what not I had an expectation of what a tapioca dumpling would taste like and I was pleasantly surprised when within the delicate tapioca exterior burst forth a nice filling of meat and mushrooms.  As mentioned in the first paragraph, they do not skimp on the chilies, this philosophy is on full display in the beef salad.  The curry chicken and glass noodles were also good but a little more standard fair but the curry chicken is still the best I've had as far as other Thai curries.  To top is off the panacotta at the end of the meal was perfect punctuation after a night of bold heat and flavor.
If you enjoy a truly unique Thai meal with dishes that you've never had before and will challenge you a little on the spice level then you will love this place.  If you are looking for a mild pad tai chicken keep walking there's nothing to see here:-).Fantastic. The crab curry, whole steamed fish, coconut rice, all amazing. The staff is amazing as well, so friendly and welcoming, it's really nice to be treated so well.  Can't wait to return.This place is the best Thai in Philadelphia. There have been a few other restaurants that were good Thai spots over the years, burning if them have held up. This is new, so I hope it stands the rest of time, but it's delicious. The menu is small, but it was still hard to choose from the options available. They all sounded spectacular. 
I'm excited to go back.All other Thai restaurants in Philadelphia are inferior. This is Thai food at its finest. Prepare to see items you won't find outside of Bangkok / on standard Thai menus. Be courageous - be full!Great Thai!
My best impression of Kalaya Thai was after I had leftovers from my meal the next day.  The one thing I didn't sample the night of my first visit was the coconut rice.  I had requested a side order of coconut rice to accompany some leftover curry and it might have been the best coconut rice I've ever had.  This coconut rice is worthy of being a main dish.  Before your first bite, this coconut rice hits your sense of smell because it is soo coconutly and garlicky fragrant.  I'm not exactly sure what else is in this side dish but there were cloves of roasted garlic and nuttiness of the coconut was sooo evident.  I tried it again a few nights later and it is indeed a main attraction.  I've never had a coconut rice like this before.
The Shrimp Ceviche was deceptively spicy.  These was also some fresh garlic slices but wow it was jalapeño spicy.  The raw shrimp was decidedly crisp, fresh and tasty.  The bitter melon and cabbage did very little to sooothe my flaming taste buds from the red hot Thai Chili.  Que the Thai Iced Tea for this dish's arrival.
The Crab Curry with Rice Vermicelli included cucumbers, long beans and cabbage.  This dish was really great.  I was told this was leaving the menu so it was a good choice for my first visit.  I had some leftover crab Curry after I finished my noodles which I deliciously paired with a bowl of coconut rice the next day.
On another night after a new menu was introduced I was able to try a delicately Steamed Bronzino.  The Bronzino was beautifully plated and delivered to the table in a fish outlined plate on top of a heat source.  As a bonus, the very personable and smiley head chef Nok, came out at the same moment that I was snapping a picture and jumped right into the picture!  As a final step, she also deboned my fish for me!  Great Service!  As for the fish, the seafood broth it was steamed in was very pleasant and slightly acidic.  The flesh cooked perfectly and a great match with the fragrant coconut rice.
The service, including the Head Chef, was really personable and polished as she made her way around the dining room visiting each table.  I'll definitely be back for sure, with an eye for that coconut rice, already on my mind.Is there another word for restaurant? Because this isn't quite a restaurant as a place where you can take part in food artistry in real time. This isn't your typical Thai Restaurant - you know the drill - - "I'll choose the pad thai with chicken with the two-pepper hotness, you choose the beef red curry with the three-pepper hotness, they'll throw that together in the kitchen  and we'll share..." 
This is a completely different experience from beginning to end. You will miss out on a once in a lifetime appetizer if you pass on the ceviche - it's UNLIKE ANY ceviche you've ever tried (although spicy!! - for me that is a plus!) For my main entrée, I ordered Kang poo pak tai - crabmeat curry served with rice vermicelli, cucumber and long bean. My date had the chicken curry with cilantro and coconut rice... Oh, by the WAY! The coconut rice was SLIGHTLY BROWNED - and you KNOW that's the best part of the rice. He said it was the best chicken curry he had ever had. Probably so, as he only offered me one spoonful, when usually we share.  My crabmeat dish was divine! I would have liked a bit more vermicelli with my meal, but I probably would have gotten it if I had asked. 
All the servers seem to work as a team, so you're not sure who your main server is - that's unique to me - but very terrific too, because you can ask any one of them for anything that you need.  Just...please people - make reservations.So so good. Everything was just a little different in such a good way. Curry had a hint of fish sauce with multi layer taste to it. Highly recommend. Children wings was nice and crispy. Decor comfortable. It's a small place. Lunch and dinner is the same menu. BYOB. Service 5 star! Durian sticky rice was even better than the one we had in Thailand.Last week we visited kalaya the #thaifood restaurant .its a very small eatery probably  fit only a 25 people.building located near the famous Italian market in philly. decor is simple rustic .welcoming.We ordered different dishes.crab fried rice was good ,crab curry as well. Sure its a very authentic preparations of Thai food and they don't substitute the Menus at all which I liked very much 
all together the experience  was good and enjoyable 
I recommend make a reservation before you go thereAs a Thai I have to say this place is best of the best Thai food Ive ever had in the USA!
Me and my husband turned up around 8.30pm on a Saturday - the restaurant was already pretty busy but we were seated right away.
It's a lively, colourful, bustling restaurant - full of life and noise. Although it seems busy but the service is extremely great, the owner team are so nice, attentive and friendly. We had Laab Mushroom, Pla koong, Kau kling Nua and Crab meat curry with rice noodle. My husband said Laab and pla koong were stunning !! I think so too ! The taste was right there !! Took first bite and all favor stuck in the mouth. All dishes are gorgeous and their food is absolutely delicious, first class and to die for. It was so AMAZING!! Fresh, delicious and so generous in portion size. I did not want to leave but I was satiated lol I couldn't eat another crumb. My husband loves this meal so much and he still talk about it even we were home already. I've never heard he said that to any restaurant before. We highly recommend and We will definitely return.This is some of the best food I've ever had. So vibrant in flavor and amazing service as well! Order the cabbage. The chicken curry and crab curry are out of this world. Also their tapioca dumplings are a delight.Great service, delicious food, but high enough prices for small enough portions that it sadly won't be on our regular roster. I'd love to see another vegetarian main dish as well - the dry veggie curry was not as complex or interesting as the other 5 amazing dishes we ate.This is one of my new favorite restaurants here or in Thailand. The whole chicken basking in massiman was delightful. The fish cakes, cabbage, and beef salad were perfectly executed. Be warned...these dishes really feel homemade and original. If you are expecting generic Thai food, this is not the place. I would consider Kalaya a truly foodie spot for upscale Thai food.Definitely make a reservation, especially on the weekend. A very busy and tiny BYOB, so it's crowded and noisy. The waitstaff seemed overwhelmed and confused, but despite the mishaps, we were pleased with our food. This is true authentic Thai, with flavors and ingredients you won't find at your usual Pad Thai place. I highly recommend the crab curry and the minced pork. Hands down the best Thai food in Philly.A little bit overpriced and the dishes are imbalanced, either blistering hot or just bland. The monkfish dish tastes good - although bland, but is served just like chicken nuggets (with nothing else in the plate). Crab cake was also bland.This place is the real deal!  Great service delivering yummy authentic Thai food with the right amount of heat and flavor.  The chicken curry, stir fried pork and whole branzino were delicious. The coconut rice and sticky rice were perfect!  They even had durian with sticky rice for dessert.  If you are looking for a typical American Thai restaurant with Pad Thai and drunken noodles this place is not for you.  Tip - portions are not huge some are on the small side so order plenty and know that the spice heat cannot be adjusted in either direction but there are options for folks that don't like too much heat.  A new favorite - definitely return over and over and over.....Our search for truly authentic and tasty Thai has finally come to an end. We went to Kalaya during their soft opening and we were blown away.
My wife and I moved here from Allentown, PA which had a fantastic Thai restaurant and we have been looking around Philadelphia for the same delicious and well prepared food. We found some nice spots but nothing that ever compared until Kalaya.
We tried their mushroom salad for an appetizer. It was full of flavor and you could really taste the fresh ingredients. We had the chicken curry and stir fried pork as our entree and both were tender, delicious and spicy. Most of all they had finally satisfied our craving for super delicious Thai food.
We will be back often. Try it I promise you will love it!Beautiful authentic Thai cuisine!  Michelin Star worthy!! So fresh and delicious.  The food is prepared with so much love and care. Fabulous service!  Wonderful dining experience. Treat yourself!All other Thai restaurants in Philadelphia (and possibly the US) are inferior. 
This is Thai food at its finest. Prepare to see items you won't find outside of Bangkok / on standard Thai menus. 
Be courageous - and trust that Nok is an exquisite chef with an arsenal of recipes you won't find in the states. This is one of the few days places Thai people come to eat (try Wat Mongkoltepmunee on a Sunday/Thai holiday) and everyone else gets to see that Thai food is so much more than Pad Thai.  
Try anything on the menu and you won't regret it. Ask Nok what she recommends and you will not forget it. 
BYOB for the win.This is probably the most authentic Thai food I've ever had in the US! Most Thai food here are way too sweet, but dishes here are spicy, which is good! The chicken curry with coconut rice was delicious and u just can's stop eating. Mango sticky rice was ok, because mango was not sweet at all. But please do try their pineapple pana cotta!I have admittedly not had a lot of high end thai food, but this was the best I've ever had. Every dish was delightful. Loved the mushroom salad and the shrimp glass noodles.I've been here 3 times now, and it's really excellent to have a top notch Thai restaurant in the city.  Really authentic and distinct flavors and dishes.  It's not takeout Thai food, nor does it come in a huge fancy space.  This is a charming, intimate, byob spot that has all of the feels of a family's kitchen and dining room.  My favorite dishes happen to be the spiciest (as always) but the spice here is absolutely no joke, and they can't reel it back in.  So beware!  Be sure to bring some champagne to help with the spice!Friendly neighborhood BYOB. Spicy food in a wonderful near south Philadelphia location.   Beef Curry was not to my liking with granular burnt beef served solo in a bowl - but I've been told this is just another way the dish is prepared.     Ceviche shrimp was perfectly prepared and not overly weighed down with heavy sauce.   Coconut rice and chicken Pad Thai were flavorful and more accurately spiced . . .  Assume all dishes will be hot with a kick and order accordingly.
Staff and managers were over the top friendly and attentive, but regretfully the physical space is unwelcoming.   Air conditioning is not well calibrated and the noise levels are absolutely unbearable.  The latter sadly is enough to keep me from returning;  M
my ears are literally ringing now as I write this.  Noise mufflin surfaces might help?    But after reading the reviews on Open Table, I see this issue is pervasive and remains unaddressed.   Kalaya is definitely not the place for a quiet intimate dinner.   Hope the noise issue can be resolved.Don't believe the hype.  This place is nothing special.  Rubbery fishcakes.  A ground duck salad that is fiery hot to the point of almost inedible.  The Chicken Curry is on par with every other Thai restaurant in Philly.  Our wok-fried cabbage never arrived.I think I have a new favorite restaurant in Philly. This place is phenomenal - everything we tried was fantastic and had incredible flavors and just the perfect amount of spice. The family recipes and care and thought that goes into each dish really shows when dining here. I cannot wait to go back and try their summer menu. A stand out were the sakoo sai appetizer dumplings - shiitake and peanut in a tapioca and blue pea flower. One of the best things I've ever eaten. HIGHLY recommend checking this place out, I can't wait to go back!i guess people want to kid themselves that the food is good when you are paying $30 for a small plate of fried rice.. we couldn't be fooled.  not flexible with soy allergy. poor reaction when we requested a high chair for my 2 year old nephew. the service and food aren't well rounded enough for what you'd expect to be served at this price point. pass.We went to try restaurant after reading all the reviews. We went there for early dinner so there weren't any line. The host and servers are very friendly attentive. The chef also came out and talked with customers. 
We ordered 4 things
Tod Munn - Thai fish cake. Overall we give this 3/5. Their fish cake is homemade which is nice but it is a little too salty for us
Lard hed - grilled king oysters mushrooms salad. 5/5 the smoked thinly sliced mushrooms went so well together with Thai salad dressing (a little sweet and sour)
Klang Kai Kao Mun - chicken curry with coconut rice. 4/5 the curry and coconut rice are not too sweet like other americanized thai restaurant. One point taken due to the portion size
Pla Nung Ma Nao - steamed fish with spicy-sour soup. 5/5 I like that the host offered to de-bones the fish for us, that is extra step I had ever experience at the restaurant. 
Overall- authentic Thai food with nice atmosphere. Highly recommend to someone who are open to try new type of Thai food. 
Tip* BYOB and make reservation in advance
*Warning* this is not typical Thai restaurant. They have small selection on the menu and their food portion does run kind of small. They don't serve Pad Thai, Pad se-ew or drunken noodle that you are used to. If that is what you looking for, don't come here.Went last night with friends.  As others have commented (and hopefully some will read this before they go):
- the acoustics is loud but convivial (a 2 top left, noting they couldn't hear each other)
- the layout is snug (be prepared to be elbowed occasionally)
- the food was VERY good, just not great for the price and portion. We shared and ate all of:
tod mun pla (fishcake)
yum nua ma kua poa (beef salad)
kua kling nua (beef curry)
kang poo pak tai (crab curry)
pla thod kamin (monkfish)
pad ma kua yao tal jieow (eggplant)
Service was overall very good, except one staff was persistent in trying to clear plates that weren't finished. That became annoying.
I wish I could give this 3.5 stars.  Overall, we enjoyed it and recommend trying this at least one time to experience dishes not available at other Thai spots.Everything we ate was so so good, but the soup was maybe the best thing  I've ever tasted. Chef came over to talk to us and other diners. Service was excellent. Atmosphere was great and the playlist was on point. And the cost isn't bad because it's a BYO. We got the check and were shocked it was so low. I had to double check they charged us for everything.I was so psyched to try this much hyped about authentic Thai restaurant in South Philly. I love Thai food and visited Thailand about 10 years ago. The restaurant is near Ralph's Italian restaurant and sarcones (amazing italian bread!). Street parking is available, but can be hard to find on a weekend. We were able to snag a reservation on a Friday night and I would definitely recommend making one before going. There were people waiting for 40+ minutes for a table! The restaurant is very small, looks like an old row home, and they tried to fit as many tables as possible so expect to get cozy! Noise is still an issue, very hard to hear your server and have a conversation on a busy night. Waitstaff were super nice and had great recs, the owners were also very nice and checked in on the diners throughout the night. 
But the most important part? The food! and it left me unimpressed, was it good? Yes. Amazing and I would come again again for? No. They definitely have authentic dishes, not typically seen at Thai restaurants, so there is NO pad Thai or drunken noodles to be found on the menu. For 2 of us, We tried the chicken curry with coconut rice, the cabbage dish everyone raves about and the kua kling na (dried beef curry). There is no option for spice levels, it is served as the chef determines which is great, and my friend and I can eat spicy food but these dishes were super spicy! Besides spice, the flavor overall for both curry dishes was lacking. The chicken curry was primarily creamy and spicy and when paired with the coconut rice it comes with, makes the dish very sweet. With jasmine rice, it's more bland. The dried beef curry was ok. Cabbage was also just ok. Everyone raves about the coconut rice and honestly it's good, but in Chinese/Vietnamese cultures, it almost tastes like a dessert sticky rice we call xoi. The rice wasn't sticky but it was quite sweet and honestly the sweetness was prob intended to offset the spiciness of the foods but it was odd for us. 
Prices are high for the amount and quality of food offered and the setting. About $20 for each curry dish and it was about 1 - 1 1/2 cups in each bowl. Rice was also about a cup to cup and Half, they were nice about giving us more and not charging, we needed it for the spice! Extra nice perk? BYOB! Not so nice thing we learned? They have a cake cutting fee  my friend and I brought a small chocolate cake to share to celebrate, and we were told it would cost us $24 for the cake cutting fee, guys our little cake was $15 and that they don't really allow for other desserts to be brought in.  My friend initially didn't understand what they were saying (because it was so loud) and was like we don't need you to cut it or give us extra plates, we'll eat right out of the tray! LOL. Still a no go so we unfortunately didn't get to have our dessert there, so we just went back to her place to have our red wine and chocolate cake! The owners told us they have desserts, we knew that and just didn't want any of those. Well, lesson learned!
Go to try dishes not normally found at other Thai restaurants, but be prepared to pay much more than you normally would, order a lot to get full or eat a ton of rice, you'll prob need it anyway, BYOB and poss BYOM (milk) depending on your spice tolerance and don't bring any other desserts!Went to this Thai restaurant with a party of 4 and had to wait 45 minutes on a Wednesday night!  Highly recommend making reservations as it gets super packed and the restaurant is small.  
For the price of the dishes, the portions are very small.  We ordered the baked shrimp noodles, chicken wings, papaya salad, chicken curry, and pork stir fried with shrimp paste.  The baked shrimp with glass noodles dish only came with 3 shrimp.  The dishes were like the size of my hand, and they are all meant to be shared family style... 
Flavor-wise, the dishes tasted pretty good and authentic.  The coconut rice had amazing flavor and my favorite thing that I ate.  Highly recommend getting that if you go.Currently my favorite restaurant in Philly. This place is phenomenal - everything we tried was fantastic and had incredible flavors and just the perfect amount of spice. The family recipes and care and thought that goes into each dish really shows when dining here. A stand out were the sakoo sai hed appetizer dumplings - shiitake and peanut in a tapioca and blue pea flower. One of the best things I've ever eaten. The toasted beef curry has such a perfect level of spice. Chicken curry is also fantastic. And the side of wok fried cabbage is not to be missed!First time here and I've been looking forward to a meal here for months and I was underwhelmed with the service (aside from the friendly host). It took 30 minutes before a server came to our table to read the specials. And they rushed us out after an hour claiming they had another reservation. Disappointing to say the least. Food had amazing flavors but was slightly too spicy (and we enjoy spicy food!). Last time my friends came they were asked about the spice level and this time they never inquired about it. Would give this place another fair shot.A great experience through and through. We arrived at the restaurant without a reservation (we called earlier in the day and was notified there was no open reservations left but there were walk-in tables). The host kindly informed us that all the tables were taken and reservations were booked for the rest of the night. We were ready to leave but she saw the disappointment in our faces and said just wait 10 minutes. And not 5 minutes later, there was a cancellation and we were seated promptly. We were so grateful! The menu was a bit overwhelming but our server was happy to explain each dish. We decided on the tom yum soup, crab meat curry, and papaya salad. All were excellent and complemented each other. The papaya salad was fresh, the curry was spicy, and the tom yum soup was super flavorful. Very happy that there is an authentic Thai place in philly. And can't wait to go back!We were really looking forward to trying this place ! We both loved our entrees (whole branzino and massamum curry.)
Service was great. Be careful with the spice level! We could have used more helping putting our meal together (apps that matched our entrees.) But the biggest disappointment was NO dessert available. I love a small sweet bite after an extravagant meal. The lack of dessert left me feeling the price point wasn't quite worth it.We had an incredible meal here. Every dish was flavorful and unique. It's a small place, and a little crowded inside, but the food more than makes up for it. This place is the real deal.My wife and I came in for dinner. We didn't have reservations but we were seated almost right away. That was nice. They were pretty packed for a Friday. It took a while for someone to bring us water I would say about 5 mins or so. They seem liked they had 2 waitresses and 2 bussers. For a Friday I think they were severely understaffed. It took about 10-15 minutes for someone to come back to us to take our order. We ordered our Apps and Entrees at the same time. We also ordered a Sticky Rice which the waitress missed. The wings were great. it had a nice sweet and salty flavor to it and the skin was extra crispy. The beef curry was spicy and was the second best dish we had. The crab fried rice was mediocre at best. We've definitely had better at other places. Overall food wasn't bad. Service was bad. No one came to check on us the whole time. The environment was rather loud. We had a table about 2 feet from us if that, so you were kinda packed in there. I could literally hear the conversation they were having even if I didn't want to eavesdrop. I really wanted to like this place however the food was meh overall and the service was bad. The 2 stars were primarily for the wings but I don't think we'll be back.Great food with a home cooked taste. Unique dishes not your usual curries. Chef Nok is great and will try to add more vegan dishes.I eat out frequently at the top restaurants throughout the city.  The food, service, sincerity, here are unmatched. The Bronzino, shrimp with glass noodle, curry chicken and panna cotta were all excellent. The chef made a special hot sauce for me since I love spicy. Will return soon.I had really high expectations before coming here. Lot of yelp reviews are 4-5 stars and my friends raved about this place so much. 
Thai food and Indian food is actually few of my favorite cuisines, and this place seemed like it was more of a mix of Indian and Thai food flavors, especially the chicken curry. It did not feel like I was having that authentic Thai curry (which is what I was hoping for in a Thai restaurant). Also, I feel like the spiciness in the curry was coming from lot of black pepper, instead of Thai chilies. The chicken wings were actually delicious! I'd def order that again, but I don't think I'd order anything else from here again. 
Reservation is a must! Tables gets filled very quickly! 
Ambience is nothing fancy. The place is very small and cozy, and EXTREMELY LOUD! I could barely have a conversation with my fiancée without screaming. 
BYOB! 
Service was great at first, but as the place was getting busier and busier, the waitress forgot to give us something that we reminded her at least 3-4 times, which was no big deal but slightly annoying. She did go over the menu with us since it was our first time here, and she went over few of their most popular dishes to order. 
Although the food is very flavorful, I'd not come back here again because it's not authentic Thai food. Another reason to give this a 3 star is that the portion sizes are small compared to any other Thai restaurants, and prices are outrageous! It's BYOB, and our dinner meal for 2 people was close to $100, which I was extremely shocked about. I have paid about $50-$60 for 2 people meals at any other Thai restaurants. Here the appetizers were about $15 each and entrees were about $23.My friends and I showed up to this restaurant in hopes of trying it. Here's the thing: we totally understood that we were a very large party and were willing to accommodate the restaurant's high-volume time by splitting into separate groups of 3 (there were 6 of us). They were so unprofessional and refused to accommodate us at all. Not to mention, we travelled across town after calling in to confirm it would be okay and was told it would be an hour. We were willing to wait long , break apart, and do whatever necessary to try this place but there was a refusal of any accommodation for the entire night. We had also called in advance to clear it with the restaurant. And showed up to a refusal.I've been waiting eagerly for a serious Thai restaurant to open in Philadelphia since I moved here, and this is it. We had a terrific meal. The food is beautifully presented and packed with flavor. The menu is thoughtfully considered and the dishes balance each other extremely well. Everything was delicious, but the mushroom laab, steamed bronzino, stir fried monkfish, and dry red curry were particular standouts. We had a few small issues with the server mixing up our order, but the restaurant is brand new, so I'll chalk it up to growing pains. The food is on par with the best Thai food I've had in New York, the Bay Area, and Los Angeles.  It's an exciting addition to Philly's dining scene, and I can't wait to come back to try the rest of the menu!I think Philly finally got the long overdue authentic Thai restaurant it deserves. Get the chicken curry and stir fried pork - the coconut rice that compliments it was amazingly fragrant. You know it's authentic when they won't adjust the spice level of the curry as well.
The music they played also added an authenticity piece - reminded me of my time in Thailand.Probably the most authentic Thai food you're going to find in Philly. Nok (the owner) was also super nice and friendly and came to talk to us. Prices are on the higher end and portions on the smaller side, but the food tasted really good. Highly recommend the crab curry and cabbage dishes. One downside is that the acoustics in the restaurant wasn't the best - very loud.Just keeping it real here. 
The staff really pushed the dumplings. I was heavily urged to try them based on waiters recommendation as he repeatedly mentioned the prep time and position them as a "work of art". They were ok at best. The dumplings are a bright blue ball with a weird overly gummy texture which tasted like Thai peanut sauce inside . I would not recommend them. 
The fish cakes are nothing special either. They just come with a side of Sweet thai sauce. 
Wings...meh.  Fried wings with another side of sweet Thai sauce. Nothing to write home about. 
We also had the crab meet curry. We enjoyed it and it's what keeps me from giving 1 start. 
Lastly the noise is over the top loud. They should invest in some sound dampening ceiling tiles. 
The best part is that it's byob and they take credit cards. So it's easy to pay and I was able to sip my favorite cocktail while eating this mediocre food.My family can be hard to please, if they're coming all the way from the burbs, the food better be good, and not too expensive, and not too spicy, but some spicy, and BYOB, and not too trendy, or too loud, and also probably should be Asian. Happy to report they loved Kalaya Thai Kitchen and my dad even said he'd come back!
For 5 people we ordered:
-Laab Ped- ground duck with delicious spices and herbs and lettuce if you want to make wraps. This was xxx level spicy and it was pretty spicy for me, and I consider myself to have a decent spice threshold.  
-Yum Nua Ma Kua Poa- true to its name this beef salad was YUMMY. Highly recommend this dish. There's no iceberg in this salad, so if that's what you're use to, lettuce warn you that you won't find that here.
-Sakoo Sai Hed- purple tapioca dumplings with mushroom and peanut filling. These were good but not our favorite, there wasn't much filling inside.
-Kang Gai Khao Moon- this chicken curry was AMAZING.
-Pla Nung Manao- Whole steamed branzino- this took a long time to prepare, but it was worth the wait! They bring it out on a beautiful fish shaped plate and filet it tableside (so no need to worry if you are leery of the fish head). It was delicious and fresh.
-Pad Ma Kua Yao Tao Jieow- eggplant with thai basil and long hots- delicious. They even sent out an extra one because the fish took a long time to cook, much appreciated!
- Coconut and Jasmine rice (they also have sticky rice).
-Dulce de leche cheesecake with figs - didn't seem very thai but it was delicious. They also had coconut panna cotta, but we wished they had more thai desserts like mango sticky rice.
A few things to note: 
-Similar to my policy with dating, you will not find any noods here. No, not even drunken noods, no pad thai, no pad siew. So if that's your go-to menu section, you're going to have to curry favor with another part of the menu or go fishing around somewhere else. 
-Spice levels- they will not adjust the spice level for you, so if you can't take the heat, get out of Kalaya Thai Kitchen! 
-Don't forget to BYOB! They also have Thai Tea.
-The portions are small. This is great because you can get more things! But just be warned so you don't underorder. We probably could have ordered more and had leftovers or just been more full because it was so delicious.
-Appetizers and salads range in price from about $12-20, mains are $17-28, vegetable sides around $10. Dishes are family style and don't all come out at once so, as Barney taught us, share.
Highly recommend if you are into authentic Thai food. I can't wait to come back and try more dishes!Ate here Friday with some friends and we really enjoyed. Everything was fresh. You can really tell that it was fresh and great ingredients.  Coconut rice was delicious.  I had the Moo Pad Kapi and really loved it.  Spicy but not painful. The chef did a great job with it.  
The tapioca dumplings were great.  Definitely a different texture but I enjoyed them a lot.
The chef came out to chat with us and was really pleasant. My friend didn't order a starch because he's diabetic.  The chef ran through options and brought out some fresh cabbage and told a story about her and her mom and how she made cabbage everyday in a different way.
Really nice people putting out really high quality food.  If you enjoy some spice, this is the place.Five stars for quality and taste, just amazing what they do with the curry flavors, the sweet and tangy broth for the steamed fish. The Tom yum soup was my favorite, picture the best Tom yum soup you've had, but even better, they mixed sweet, sour, spicy, in a perfect blend, and the presentation showed great detail with the shrimp head and tails placed in a well designed manner. 
3 stars for portions and price as we ordered over $130 worth of food and felt like we needed to grab pizza at angelos next door. 
Service was nice and the staff was attentive to what we wanted and gave recommendations. They have outdoor seating as well. 
For dinners, definitely get a reservation cause this place gets packed, and for a good reason.This place is amazing!! Second time ordering take out from them and the quality is JUST as good as dining in. I hope to see them go far!  The owners are also very friendly!Okay so I've been dying to try this place. I've heard so many people recommend this place for Thai or food in general. Prices are kinda steep so budget for like $40-$50pp.
We came at opening (5pm), but yeah definitely recommend a reservation if you have more than 2 people as the place is small and the tables are tightly packed. 
For starters we got the tapioca dumplings with pork. Super unique and flavorful! Chewy Mochi like texture on the outside, spicy pork filled flavor bomb on the inside. Super refreshing with the cucumber slice and cilantro. 
For entrees, we got the wok friend pork and the chicken curry. The chicken curry is super spicy so beware. Three red x's is spicy by asian standards. The wok fried port was also amazing. All of the meat was juicy and succulent. Both came with rice so we got one jasmine and one coconut. The coconut rice is life changing. We also got the stir fried eggplant which was a good side dish. 
Finally when it came time for the check, they asked if there was room for dessert. I said sure, there's only one. The coconut panna cotta with fresh pineapple was the dessert I never knew I needed. Amazing.
I'm dying to come back for other things here. So definitely will be back. Next time with reservations.Fabulous authentic Thai with great service, an exciting menu, and BYO to boot! We are so lucky. Its nearest peer is Little Serow in DC and this place offers more choices. Can't wait to go again.
Updated-- went again a week later! The beef salad is incredible, and whatever you do order lots of coconut rice.Best meal I ever had tonite.  Had whole steamed fish which was filleted at the table by chef/owner.  Crab curry was flavorful and cabbage side dish is unique.  Cannot recommend any higher.  Each meal there is an adventure!Most authentic Thai food I've had in years!  You can't go wrong with anything you chose.  Amazing!Kalaya was delicious but its spiciness isn't for the faint of hear.  We got the Shaw Muang (blue tapioca dumplings), Chu Chee Hoi Shell (scallop curry), Kang Ghai Khao Mun (chicken curry), Kalum Tod Nam Pla (cabbage), and a thai iced tea.  The dumplings had a little kick to them but it was blended in well with all the other flavors.  The scallop curry, 2/4 on their spice scale, had some serious kick that was almost too much to handle for the gluten-free girl.  The chicken curry, 3/4, packed a serious punch.  I'm a glutton for pain so I enjoyed it but be careful.  The iced tea and cabbage did a terrific job cutting through some of the heat, I recommend that (and so did our great waiter) no matter what.  The owner stopped by to check on the food a couple times which isn't a big deal but I really appreciate that gesture.  We will be returning on another special date night.Our Taste of Kalaya meal for 2 was amazing.  I chose the Kang Pu plate because of the anticipation of crab curry. Each of the 3 dishes were so, so flavorful. Crab curry: abundant amount of lump crab, on the spicier side but also with a sweetness and saltiness that made me want more. Pad Sator: stinky beans were new to me - hearty, flavorful (and didn't really have an aroma that I noticed), and the shrimp were giant. Mara Pad Kai: bitter melon was also new for me and took a couple of bites to get used to, but found I really liked it combined with the other ingredients as the bites went on. I literally woke up excited to have leftovers in the morning. 
Also - delivery service was right on time (requested 8:45pm on Saturday).
We'd been to Kalaya in person one time right before things closed and were so excited to be able to order delivery. Also heard they pivoted to help provide food for healthcare workers in the community  during the pandemic. Glad to support this business.Finally, a Thai restaurant that lives up to the high standards of the Philly food scene. I've not had a more satisfying Thai meal in recent memory or probably ever. 
The restaurant is named after Kalaya, the owner's mother and the menu is a tribute to her outstanding homemade recipes. It's so refreshing to not see red/yellow/green curry or the now mainstream Tom yum or Tom Kha soups on the menu. We tried the fish cakes which sounded great on paper but didn't quite hit the right notes for me. 
Our next round however was heaven for my palette. The giant crab fried rice is loaded with crab and spices and is a little expensive when compared to usual Thai staples but it's a great to share for a party size of 2-4.
The chicken curry is reminiscent of your usual Thai curries but this one trumps every Thai curry you've eaten before. It's spicy, it's flavorful and it packs in a kick unlike no other. This comes with soft, fragrant coconut rice which is so delicious that it can also be eaten on its own.
We also tried a portion of the eggplant stir fry which is a great vegetarian option and it pairs really well with jasmine rice or coconut rice. If crab fried rice isn't your thing, I'd definitely recommend getting portions of these. 
Kalaya is here to stay. It's a fantastic addition to Philly's gastronomic repertoire.Amazing. Get the tom soup.. everything on the menu is amazing.. got the cabbage, fish cakes .. and the crab curry. Highly reccomendThis was my second time dining here.  The food was on point.  I haven't had better thai in the city.  
Get the sakoo sai moo.  They are a real treat.  If you need another appetizer, any of the laab are incredible and flavorful.  My wife and I love both options.
And of course the entrees are out of this world. Deep, flavorful, spicy (in all the right ways).  We have not had a bad dish let alone even an okay dish, everything has been spot on.  
It can be hard to get in there sometimes but it's worth the trip even for out of towners.  A real gem.Unique and incredible Thai food! Everything we tried was delicious but the crab curry really stood out with amazing flavor and spice. The hardest part was choosing what to get because everything sounds so good, I'll definitely try all new things next time. Highly recommend!Kalaya has been our list for some time now, and we finally ordered takeout last weekend. It was worth the wait! We don't typically order Thai food, so we really have no baseline to compare it to, but we can tell that Kalaya is top notch!
We started our meal off with the sakoo moo, tapioca dumplings with pork + peanut filling. Yelp reviewers spoke very highly of these guys, so we had to try. They were a very different type of dumpling - the tapioca casing was unlike anything we've had before, and the filling was incredibly flavorful. A kick of spice too, but nothing too over-powering. For our mains, I opted for the kang ghai khao mun, the chicken curry dish. Again, chose this based on Yelp reviewers and their high praise! I was also forewarned that this was loaded with spice - I am definitely not someone who tolerates spice well, but I was willing to try! Honestly, the spice wasn't TOO crazy - I definitely wiped my runny nose a lot haha, but the coconut rice cut the spice a lot. This rice was so creamy and flavorful, I could eat it by itself! The flavors in the chicken were very strong and worked well with the rice, and the dish was pretty substantial - I wound up saving half for another day. My fiancee got ghai pad king, basically a stir-fry chicken with jasmine rice. The flavors were certainly simpler than mine, but still very well done. The ginger was a nice touch, and the soy bean paste definitely added a new element. An excellent classic dish!
We really enjoyed our meal from Kalaya, despite the spice that came with it! Since we are not huge Thai consumers, it's hard for us to compare Kalaya to other restaurants, but we can tell this is quality food. We are excited to visit again in person to get the full experience!Authentic flavors with attentive service!  Menu isn't huge but the items they have are put together thoughtfully.  The wings had great flavor (not crispy though) and the beef salad had good heat but the beef was tender and the ingredients tasted fresh.  The turmeric monkfish was still moist and had a nice/crispy texture.  The cabbage is great with the other strong flavored dishes.