I had the Herb roasted chicken, torn kale with olive oil, cinnamon sweet potato, brussel sprouts with the miso carrot ginger dressing. It was delicious! There aren't that many healthy, good tasting lunch options around the area (on the south side of SG) so this is a winner for me. I can't wait to try some of the other options.I've ordered from Kale Yeah! Twice now and each time didn't disappoint! I'm one of the pickiest vegetarians there is who doesn't like most vegetables and struggles to find heathy options that I enjoy. I've made my own salad and had their tofu panini. Both of them were absolutely delicious. 
I'm glad to have found another local gem that offers healthy vegetarian options that I don't hate.This place is great!! The food is delicious and healthy. Galley, the owner, is nice as can be. This is exactly the healthy quick food stop this neighborhood neededI've tried to come here three times before I actually step foot into this place. When I finally did I was almost tempted to go back again that same day for dinner. I almost gave up when a friend suggested we try one last time to meet up for lunch and I'm so glad we did.
I've tried the caprese with chicken and the morning wake up with avocado and feta. Let me tell you, I'm obsessed. I can see this place being worked into my new weekly cravings and probably always my Friday lunch.This place is awesome and the food is great! So happy that they came to our neighborhood. It's very clean and the staff is friendly. I got a kale salad and the hulk sandwich. Both were very tasty and fresh. Yum! I also got a free drink with my order. This place is perfect if you want to get something healthy for lunch on a workday.I went quite a bit out of my way to give this little gem a try and it was totally worth it! My salad was HUGE and the staff was so friendly and inviting! I will definitely be back.I came into this restaurant thinking I was going to have a standard, hearty chicken parm. When I took my first bite, I was immediately dazzled by the creativity within the sandwich. It wasn't just some chicken wedged between two pieces of bread with melted cheese and sauce - it had character and some personal touches that made it stand out above the rest.
In addition, the owner had a great attitude and was very approachable which created a welcoming environment. I highly recommend trying the food here and will definitely be coming back for more.This is such a cute little restaurant on the corner of 3rd and spring garden. This is a family run restaurant (not a chain or anything). The owner is super nice and chill. I'm also writing this review at the end of their fourth week being open. The food is really good and healthy for you too. My favorite is the pork with kale, mushrooms, and brussel sprouts. Give them a try if you're in the area!Unbelivable!  Very healthy, quick, and satisfying food option.  The owner is very friendly and helpful with the menu.  I get their kale pesto and get extra oN the side every time!Happy to welcome this place to the neighborhood! Just stopped in for a yogurt bowl and it was delicious, very good granola. Love how they layered the choices of mix-ins throughout. Friendly service and super clean and nice in there. Looking forward to trying other things!It was so good  I'm not a big salad person but felt so filled up with all the flavorful vegetables and chicken that had a little kick. Worth the 13 dollars the total came to. 
My friend chose the ginger dressing. If you get the ginger dressing ask for extra! It is good but chunky and thick so didn't spread through the salad. She was a little apprehensive cause of the pictures on yelp but when we walked in it smelled so good she changed her mind!Great new gem in Northern Liberties! I opted for a build your own salad that allowed for crafting a meatless masterpiece. The beets were roasted perfectly and I would highly recommend the ginger dressing. Excellent service. 
Pro-neighborhood-tip: Take your take-out up the street to The Northern Liberties Community Center's backyard park, open to the public 700 N. 3rd St.Kale Yeah is one of the best healthy and yummy places around Northern Liberties area. You can create your own salad and add as many toppings as you want. I usually get Spinach as a base, with delicious spicy Korean BBq chicken, roasted brocolli and brussel sprouts. They have about 8 toppings that you can add for free!  Add ons are also available for some extra dollars. 
The concept is very simple and delicious! The best part about this place is that they don't use these plastic containers, and give you your food in the brown paperish containers. 
It is easier to order by phone, because sometimes they don't see their orders that came from the online website. It gets super busy at 12pm, so you might wait a little. Try to experiment with their sauces, they are all the bomb!Just got theeee most amazing salad with kale, edamame, garlic tofu, broccoli and the pesto dressing just gave me my whole entire life. Please pop in for friendly service and amazing wholesome food.Great spot for lunch. They have take out and a great assortment of healthy sandwiches and salads. The ingredients are fresh and they make it right in front of you. I recommend to anyoneAmazing.  Great local shop with very healthy and responsible food.  I ordered a kale salad with the roasted chicken and various toppings.  The chicken was tender and perfectly seasoned.  The veggies were fresh.
The place is only a couple blocks away from me.  I expect I'll be coming here a lot!Delicious healthy food! I'm in love with this little store, family owned, super friendly owner. Everything is fresh and delicious. I am usually not a big salad person, but this place has some Asian style food which is perfect for my taste!Love this place! Super friendly people who care about their ingredients. The food is always really fresh and delicious. My fav heathy option in the neighborhood... Well worth the $!Not just kale food items! I just got out of the gym a block away and needed food badly. I was really thinking about how much I wanted a slice of pizza but saw this place. I walked in just to check it out because I didn't have any cash on me. Turns out, they have Apple Pay! Noice! I ended up getting a spinach salad with quinoa, herb roasted chicken, roasted cauliflower, roasted brussel sprouts with miso carrot dressing. Very fresh, delicious and perfect for not feeling like I destroyed my workout with a slice of pizza. Seating was limited but I took it to go. I hope to see this place thrive in NoLibs.  I'll be back to try your different options!Best salad I've ever had, very generous portions of all veggies and very tender chicken! (Korean bbq) can't wait to go here weekly for healthy lunchesThis is my new favorite place for lunch take out. Finally a place with healthy food that is also really tasty! All the ingredients are super fresh and seasoned really well. The kale pesto is bangin' - super garlicky in the best way. Service is friendly and fast. I highly recommend it.This is a great place and the food is very tasty and healthy. What could be better than that! The owner is very friendly and I will be coming back here for lunch.Kale Yeah is exactly what this neighborhood needed! Healthy, fresh menu and great decor inside. The salad bowl was so delicious and the home made Thai peanut sauce is the real deal. The owner is a very impressive guy and I look forward to trying more of his creations!Awesome salad! I got kale, quinoa, roasted broccoli, mushrooms and the tofu, it was delicious and definitely more fresh and flavorful than saladworks which is probably even more exspensive!! Def going here againThis quaint salad spot just opened up. I was expecting something similar to Sweet Green but was pleasantly surprised to find it quite different. The restaurant decor is modern, bright, and clean but  not have seating, so expect to take out your food. 
I ordered a Kale Chicken bowl with honey roasted carrots and cauliflower. The components are packaged together in a box but not mixed. I prefer this over Sweet Green , as you can taste the flavor of each component individually. The kale was fresh and lightly oiled and salted to perfection. The chicken breast was seasoned well. The carrots, cauliflower, and quinoa also was done nicely.
The portion size was definitely filling. I liked it so much, that I came back the next day and tried the Banh Mi pork protein. Splendid taste!Great salad options! Easy to order menu. I tried the Korean bbq chicken options as my protein simply amazing!! Def going back soonSo yummy! The biggest problem you'll have is choosing which of the delicious vegetable options you want in your salad. Guess I'll have to go back again soon! It's really nice to have such a healthy and tasty option in the neighborhood.Wow! I got the Kale Yeah sandwich. And it is SO GOOD!! The staff was very friendly. I can't wait to try more things from here.I stopped in a few months ago on my walk home from work. I was super excited to find a healthy option close to home, but was disappointed by two things.
1. After I ordered, someone who seemed to be the owner or a manager, started to yell at two employees in the front of the store. I happened to be the only customer, but he did not seem to care. He yelled at these two employees about not cleaning the store or prepping for the next day the night before. He threatened that if it happened again he would find someone to replace them and said he paid them more than they could make elsewhere. When the girl at the front desk pointed out there was a customer (and at this point, I was definitely watching him), he just kept berating the employees in clear sight with no regard for them or me. It was horrifying and I felt extremely badly for them. I hope they both left and found new jobs where their employers treat them with enough courtesy to have those types of discussions out of customers' sight. I felt disrespected as a customer as well since he definitely saw me and did not try to apologize or anything.
2. The food was NOT good. I ordered a salad and it was way overpriced. I ended up tossing it.Bought a breakfast bowl this morning and it was soo good!! Fresh ingredients and really affordable. It's my new go-to breakfast spot.I tried for the first time yesterday and I was very impressed. All high quality ingredients, chicken cooked to perfection and vegetables very fresh.New to Philly I am a travel nurse. I ordered a Hulk sandwich and the Zuppa Tuscana. Arrived quickly thanks to door dash. The food is absolutely delicious! Everything was fresh and light. I wanted to save the other half of my sandwich for later but I just can't put it down. :) will order from there again!Kale Yeah makes one of the best (if not THE best) salads in the neighborhood. You can choose from one of their selections or build your own. It's satiating, huge, and worth every penny. I've also ordered a Hulk panini in the past, and it was delicious - kale pesto, chicken, and avocado on delicious bread. My roommate is a big fan of the eggplant parm sandwich. 
The servings are very generous, and the ingredients are fresh with food made to order. Don't underestimate their small menu - there's something for everyone. 
My only complaint about Kale Yeah is the service. The first time we ordered, my roommate was questioned about her choice to remove the pesto from her eggplant parm sandwich. Like, relentlessly questioned. She just doesn't like pesto, and felt like the person who gave her the sandwich was trying to guilt her into trying it. For our second visit, I ordered and pre-paid online. When we arrived to pick-up the order, we were told there was no order, and we had "the wrong business." It wasn't until my roommate urged the individual to please check - that the order was found and we were told to return in 10 minutes. Fortunately, we live around the corner, but I would have been annoyed if I had driven or walked far for this food. We didn't even receive an apology.
My advice to Kale Yeah would to improve customer service. Good food is every where, but great service is hard to find. I've never felt warmly welcomed at Kale Yeah which is enough to make me hesitate another visit. The food, however, is top notch.Just ordered from this place for the first time and OMG SOOOO GOOD!!! I ordered the Keto blaster with salmon and avocado. It tasted so fresh! Avocado and salmon are the way to my heart!! The salad was HUGE more than I thought it would be and they showed love with how much salmon and avocado they added to the salad! It was worth every penny! I will definitely order from this spot again! THANK YOU!!!I got the Chicken Satay Salad with Spicy Thai Peanut sauce and it was so good! I will definitely be coming back to try their other menu items! Definitely try them out!Not wanting to reiterate to whatever has been mentioned below, but Kale Yeah is a welcomed addition to the neighborhood. Besides offering a healthy option, they are continually experimenting and expanding their menu. I had a friendly chat with the owner a while back, and it was refreshing to hear how Kale Yeah has progressed, and it seems like he wants to continue to evolve his offerings.
The food is tasty, and the prices are reasonable enough. Check it out!Fresh ! Fresh! Fresh ! Lol , not only is everything fresh as I stated , but the ingredients are great quality . You can tell they take great pride in everything they put together . We have not had one thing we did not  like. 
It also does not hurt that the owners  are lovely people.Great food and service! I ordered the salmon bowl, and it tasted like something my mom would of made. The staff are really nice and helpful too. I plan on returning again.Kale Yeah laudably offers generally nutritious food in an area surrounded by pizza joints and pub/bar fare.
I ordered a custom salad with kale (tossed in olive oil), soy garlic tofu, mushrooms, broccoli and cauliflower that was gently drizzled with thai peanut dressing. The (I assume) owner was personal, quick and offered some ordering tips. The soy garlic tofu would please your carnivore friends and family - firm bite, generously seasoned and a joy to eat. I'd LOVE a few pounds of their tofu at home. The kale and remaining vegetables were prepared well as the broccoli, mushrooms and cauliflower were lightly roasted, which seriously helps make this salad feel like a substantial meal. 
At ~$10 with tax, I'd say the price is reasonable for the portion size and food quality. I'm happy to have a seriously tasty and healthy option in the 'hood. Hopefully, the locals and not-so-locals support Kale Yeah and help them flourish!Wonderful place to get really tasty salads, bowls, and sandwiches. The eggplant parm is delicious! If you're in the neighborhood you should absolutely check it out. The owner is always there, him and his staff are very hardworking and friendly. The variety of toppings and dressings for salads is great too. So glad to have such a nice lunch spot in the area.The Chicken Satay Rice bowl was fantastic! Very flavorful and healthy!  I can't wait to get another one and try more items on the menu.
The owner is super friendly and nice.
Looking forward to returningFood was delicious and healthy.  I had called in my order hoping it'd be ready when it arrived but I still waited 10min. Little disappointed, but will come back, just with more time available.Online ordered and picked up the beet/walnut salad and a Hulk Sandwich. They were both so good! Everything tasted fresh and both the salad and the sandwich were filling and delicious, perfect for lunch. Will definitely be back to this place and would recommend for anyone in the area.This place is awesome. The food is always fresh and the owner is super nice. 
My go to is the kale Yeah chicken hulk sandwich. 
I highly recommend!Great salads, great portions and good prices. Quality and fresh ingredients at a reasonable price.This spot is amazing! I have passed it many times but never went in until today and now I'm kicking myself at all the missed opportunities. I got the eggplant parm sandwich and the soup of the day and WOW the flavors are off the hook good and fresh. So many thumbs up!I discovered Kale Yeah a few weeks ago and am obsessed. I have struggled to find a good salad spot since moving from Chicago and was sick of getting overpriced, under ingredient sweetgreen salads. Kale Yeah has super fresh ingredients, very clean inside and the owner is great! I would eat this everyday for lunch. My husband got the chicken parm sandwich and said it was one of the best he's had.Great salad, great portion. Wish I checked the spot out sooner! Will be back again. Just going to keep writing here because Yelp said this was just the tip, just for a little bit, just to see how it feelswhat a treat this is such a great addition to Spring Garden Street it is an amazing place to eat and to hang out for a little bit the salads are very original and unique and extremely tasty
The great atmosphere and it's a family run business so good for them and good for us at Spring Garden Street is looking
The sandwiches are out of this world you have to try the egg plant Parm and the chicken sandwich both crazy good also I think it's a family secret but after the noon rush you can get home made Asian dumplings
Family owned and family run business everything is fresh and really good even the homemade salad dressings out of this world goodI've been here a bunch of times, but I feel like I need to finally leave this here! 
I work almost every day in a nearby spot. Spring Garden is full of pizza, fried food, and other ungodly unhealthy choices to clog your gut. Don't get me wrong, I'm no health nut, but sometimes I feel like loving myself.
On those days I go here. Every single time I've stopped by, I've never been disappointed! I've tried the Caprese Sandwich, the Hulk sandwich, and at least 3 different combinations of the build-your-own salad and I don't think I'll ever get bored with their options. Everything is made with fresh ingredients, and bursting with flavor. Seriously, I finally wrote this because I tried a completely new salad today and I cannot believe how every single thing on that menu can be so good. I have legit never been disappointed.
I originally fell in love with this place because I never been big on salads, or even remotely eating healthy. (Never liked Sweetgreen/Honeygrow/etc) But boy, this place makes me WANT to do both of those. It's the only thing around the area that gets me through my shift without weighing me down or making me feel groggy--but also makes me do that dumb happy face you make when you eating gooood. Anyone of any preference (meat lovers, salad haters, vegans, etc) can DEFINITELY find something to fall in love with here. 
It's a small space, not much seating other than stools near the window but they pack takeout beautifully and that's perfect for me. The workers are all friendly and the manager/owner is always helpful, recommending great options to try out! Total props to all the creativity and flavor on this menu. This place is an absolute gem and I hope it flourishes!Kale Yeah is delicious, healthy and a good value. It has become my go to lunch. Each item on the menu I've tried so far is good, but my go to the chicken brown rice bowl.This place is incredible for the value. A lot of the healthy options in nolibs are so overpriced and not even delicious. Kale yeah definitely separates itself by providing quick and extremely filling healthy options for under 9.5. Can't beat it! So far I loved the chicken satay salad with the spicy Thai peanut sauce which was BANGING. I seriously never ate a salad so fast in my life. The salad is served completely cold including the chicken and the sweet potatoes (also banging) I added on. I preferred it this way because there were a lot of times where a to-go salad with hot chicken ruined the greens. ALSO the kale yeah sandwich is amazing (the bread is SO CRUNCHY AND DELICIOUS). 
So happy they are finally open again cause I just moved in the area and have been dying to go here (literally) so I can't stop eating horribly. This placed seriously saved me.what a treat this is such a great addition to Spring Garden Street it is an amazing place to eat and to hang out for a little bit the salads are very original and unique and extremely tasty
The great atmosphere and it's a family run business so good for them and good for us at Spring Garden Street is looking really great these daysI love the vibe of this place. My friend recommended it to me as I'm into eating healthy. I had a salad bowl with kale, mushrooms, quinoa, chicken, avocado, cauliflower, and a really good sauce. I will be back again and would definitely recommend Kale Yeah to friends!