I moved from Chicago to Philadelphia over a year ago.  Everybody here raves about the restaurants, but I have yet to find many that deserve five stars, or even four.  This is the best restaurant I have eaten in in Philadelphia.  
Tahini and bread  arrived at the table, and I thought, hum, plain but I'm hungry.  They must put crack in that Tahini.  I wanted to lap it out of the bowl like an uncouth dog.  The bread is excellent too.
I love a menu with many organic meat choices.  How often can you order an organic beef shishkabob?  It was superb.  The meat done perfectly, the onions nearly caramelized but not quite so they still had some substantive crunch.  The purslane salad tasted like I was eating a plant in the middle of a garden.  It is not often that I dream about a salad but I do dream about this one
My husband had a chicken dish with black eyed peas and green peas and fantastic rice.  I won't begin to describe the flavoring; it is beyond my culinary vocabulary.  We asked what spices they use, and in addition to traditional zatar, they use their own blend of spices.  I don't even need to know what is in it just so long as we can keep coming back and ordering it again and again.
I was so full but ate dessert none the less, which I usually don't do.  But when a diner is this good, I had a feeling the desserts would be too and I just needed to find out.  Pistachio creme brulee.  It could have come out over the top, but no indeed.  It was pure pistachio heaven in s super light yet rich custard.  Heaven. Heaven.
Our service was superb.  The squeezed us into a last minute Friday night reservation with the caveat that we would need to get through our dinner in an hour and 15 minutes in order to accommodate a reservation made prior to us.  Given the time constraints they never made us feel rushed and timed the meal perfectly.  Then my husband left to go to the restroom, the waiter picked up his napkin and refolded it nicely on the table.  Do I care about the napkin placement in the middle of a meal?  Not really, but it is a sign that the waitstaff is incredibly attentive and extremely well trained.  
My eating out plan for Philly might just be to skip eating most everywhere most of the time so I can frequent this expensive, though appropriately priced restaurant.  Kudos to the chef.I normally wouldn't think Greek food for brunch or lunch; I'm way more of a traditional American-style brunch kind of guy.  But when my friends suggested to meet them here for brunch this past weekend, I trusted their better judgement.  In the end, I'm glad I did.  This cozy Center City spot not only serves an amazing (and dare I say, a contender for the best) brunch in Philly, the staff really make you feel at home.  They really know how to wow their patrons: fresh food, delightful presentation, and so many delicious sounding choices it's hard to choose which dish you want from their one page menu for mains.
Their specialty, and they're not shy to tell you, is the Cyprus Breakfast.  It's a mediterranean twist on the classic combination of eggs, meat, and starch.  The plate comes out with two sunny-side up eggs, fried in olive oil and garnished with fresh parsely.  It's served alongside a grilled slice of lounza (Greek ham), two pieces of salty, crisp fried halloumi, warm bread, and tomato, cucumber, and onion salad.  The menu also features a spread of other traditional Greek, Mediterranean, and Middle Eastern specialities: Avgolemono, Moussaka, Pastitsio, Shaksouka, and Malohwa to name a few.  They even serve Greek Coffee and Frappes!
The service may be a little over-attentive in an attempt to make you feel more than welcome, but it's much appreciated, especially when other restaurants fail to put as much effort into the service as they do the food.  One other tip: reservations are highly recommended, if not required.  Because of Kanella's small space, getting a table at brunch is nearly impossible if you're not on the list.  But if you can score seats here for brunch, then expect nothing less than a stellar way to start your weekend morning (or recover from last night's activities).  Can't wait to come back and try out the dinner menu.I'm dying to try the Sunday night 14 course "meze" for $35 sometime soon! The food is fantastic and it's BYOB so you can bring a fantastic bottle of wine you can actually afford. Specials are always inventive and delicious! The atmosphere is bustling yet cozy. You can't go wrong with the Cyprus breakfast--eggs, halloumi, and ham! I had amazing duck egg with a spicy yogurt and merguez sausage for my birthday brunch a few years ago which I still crave. The grilled octopus is awesome, but my favorite may be the "manti" which are spicy lamb dumplings! If the dips of the day include the pumpkin-feta dip definitely order it! It's amazing. Their baklava and cardamom ice cream are heavenly. Whenever I walk by and see people on the street enjoying their meals and wine, the corner is so inviting! I also love to inspect the quirky decor and handwritten signs. These are just the things that make Kanella uniquely special.I haven't had too much Greek food in my life (other than your typical gyros). I have been to Athens though...and had pretty good food there (really good lambs, street-gyros, and a lot of mythos beer).
Eating at this restaurant on a hot, humid summer day brought me back to my trip to Athens, except that I didn't have the view of greek ruins lit up at night, those narrow winding streets, or bottles of mythos on my table (it's a BYOB).
But the food did bring me back to my memories in Greece. We had the dips, moussaka, rabbit, and lamb. I can't say anything bad about them. However, the meal wasn't spectacular...it just didn't have that extra flare for me to give that last star (then again, I'm a big food snob). I would recommend the place to anyone looking for Greek cuisine, and I would definitely recommend coming here during summer and getting a seat outdoor.Great for lunch! Our meals were hearty, tasty, and affordable (most entrees priced around $10).
I had the Hummus Plate which came with 4 falafels, pita bread, and greek salad. But the real star was the Greek Chicken Soup that my husband ordered. The broth reminded me of a creamy Thai soup because it's infused with lemon flavor. Half the customers in the restaurant ordered this and I would definitely go back for seconds!
Can't wait to try dinner at Kanella, especially since Kelly W. says the fish is out of this world.This tiny Mediterranean spot on the corner of 10th and Spruce may not look like too much from the outside, but once you step inside, the experience is sure to blow you away. I've been here twice but both were absolutely incredible dining experiences. Both times I visited were during brunch hours so my reviews will be based on that menu. 
My first bit of advice is, if you haven't been before and want to know what to order, the answer is the Cyprus Breakfast. This meal, and it is quite filling, has everything you could want for a brunch. Two extra crispy fried eggs, a big slab of ham, two pieces of a fried Mediterranean cheese, some delicious bread and a salad, all together on one glorious plate. My fiancé and I both ordered each time we went because it is that good!  This past trip, I also ordered the lamb sandwich, which was also amazing. Large chunks of lamb and lots of fresh herbs on a soft roll.  Another menu item I'm dying to try is the rabbit soup that was on special. The way it looked on the table next to me had me wishing there was room left in my stomach. For dessert the answer is the galaktoboureko. I know this is a complicated word but if you just the gala they'll know what you mean. It's a warm rich custard with a layer of crispy phyllo dough on the top and bottom, drizzled in orange infused syrup. It's outstanding. 
Kanella is special because of more than just the food. They have an amazing staff. We had the same young waiter both times we went. He was super friendly and knowledgeable about the menu. Usually you don't remember the waiter and if you do, it's never for good reasons. The service here actually enhances the experience. On top of that, there was a family with an elderly man in a wheel chair coming to dine here while we were eating. I saw the chef (who I believe is also the owner) leave the kitchen, go outside and help the man in through a back entrance and actually wheel him all the way up to his seat at the table. Honestly, this was really touching to see. 
I couldn't recommend Kanella more highly. I will be back again soon!Phenomenal food. Excellent service and outstanding center city location make this restaurant a must visit and a top choice in a city already known for outstanding restaurants. Certainly one of my favorites!Kanella had excellent appetizers!  i would recommend the watermelon salad, the rabbit and duck sausage, the three dips and the boureki!   The decor is nice and it feels truly greek, but the noise levels are pretty high.Dined there a bit ago and can only remember truly delicious things about this restaurant. Everything that I tried and ordered was beyond my expectations and blew me away.
BYOB, perfect atmosphere, and the chef, Konstantinos came out and introduced himself. Very personable man.
Overall, I'd definitely recommend this restaurant for making you feel at home in a Greek/Cypriot house when you are eating.Absolutely charming breakfast, brunch, and dinner spot. Happened it while in Philly for a conference and actually considered extending my stay just to explore their menu fully.  Food is elegant but has a warm, home cooked feel, coffee is strong, and the ambiance is great.  Gotta love a spot whose servers shout "Opa" when a guest breaks a glass!Finally got to check out this place over the weekend and was not disappointed!
Came in for breakfast right after opening at 10AM, service was prompt and thankfully it wasn't too crowded. I imagine that you have to make reservations relatively early given the size of the place and popularity though.
Ordered the Greek coffee for myself which was tiny (not sure if that's how it's supposed to be) but still tasty and unique with the coffee grounds in the cup. My friend ordered the Greek frappe which was creamy and delicious, will definitely get that next time. Got the Shakshouka which smelled amazing and was hearty and rich, especially since I opted for the additional sausage. Was pleasantly surprised by the peppery spiciness. My friend got the Cypress Breakfast which she said was delicious as well. Didn't take too long for the food to come overall but our server was very polite, updated us on food status and refilled our water regularly.
Will definitely be back for the lunch options next time!Having been to Greece and eaten at a villa-turned-resto a stone's throw from the sea separated by a white sand beach, the gustatory resonance of that experience still informs whether I think a resto is horrible or amazing. And this place is truly divine. 
I had a kedegree platter for brunch, and the rice was seasoned full of life and the veggies and fish were both extra fresh! I normally don't drink anything than water, but the mint tea + lemonade (lemonanna) was too intriguing to pass up, and boy I'm glad I splurged. That had to be one of the finest blends of balance I've had in a drink. 
I had always thought that this place was exorbitantly expensive, but my meal was actually very affordable for brunch. Dinner is still pricey. I do appreciate that there's an upscale vibe on the inside, however, alongside a more casual one under the outdoor awning.Kanella carries a well-deserved reputation as a prime brunch spot in Philly. Luck smiled on my party of three, as we snagged a last-minute reservation at noon (you should plan further in advance than we did). I echo other reviewers' sentiments concerning the decor at Kanella; as I walked in, the antique exposed brick and blue/white color scheme tempoarily transported me back to the Cycladic Islands. Chef Pitsillides kept the illusion going with his typically Mediterranean hospitality. He checked on our table thrice to make sure we felt welcomed, and indeed the constant attention and care we received has earned Kanella a return visit on that merit alone.
That isn't to downplay his Cypriot fare; the food is absolutely delicious. One can only indulge in so many variations of french toast or eggs benedict before growing bored, and Kanella's vibrant, rustic plates certainly enliven the palette and restore one's faith in brunch. We commenced our meal with the obligatory dip trio, which served up pumpkin-feta, spicy tomato, and white bean dips in lieu of the stereotypical hummus and baba. Each scored high marks from the table, with the pumpkin cruising into first with an interesting briny-earthy-sweet interplay. 
Other dishes ordered included the baked duck egg, potatoes with tzatziki, and a special lamb tongue stew. Though small in portion, the duck egg showed deft execution with a crispy but ever-so-slightly-creamy fried egg crowning well-seasoned, toothsome greens in yogurt sauce. The potatoes had a similarly crisp texture with fluffy innards, and paired beautifully with accompanying minty, rich tzatziki. The tongue stew offered a heaping plate of creamy giant beans and tender, pleasantly funky lamb tongue pieces in a vibrantly flavored sauce. With a squeeze of lemon juice, a dollop of accompanying Greek yogurt, and a last-minute side order of extra grilled pita, the dish served as a hearty, memorable combination of flavors and textures.
For a change of pace in the Philly dining scene, or simply for Chef Pitsillides welcoming demeanor and crazy-good plates, head to Kanella and get whisked away to the Aegean for an hour or so.Came here for brunch with my family on a day trip to Philly. The ambience was relaxed, though the service was very prompt. 
We began with a shared plate of dips and bread. The dips were really special hummus style and change - we had beet (beautiful color, nice earthy taste), sardine (a bit fishy for my taste, but the rest of my party devoured it) and a third veggie one (my favorite). 
I had the smoked cod with basmati rice and boiled egg. Though it isn't a traditional brunch meal, it was a great meal with good flavors and the right portions. 
My mom went with the featured Cyprus breakfast and what looked like hash browns is actually a greek styled cheese, very delish. I would recommend this dish for those looking for brunch fare. 
Their almond milk drink is mmm, yum, very thick and sweet - great for breakfast add-on. 
Our waitress was fine, but the host/owner (?) was really welcoming and helpful along the way to bump up my rating.Soooo good.  The dishes were light, fresh, and had really excellent mixes of flavors and textures.  The fried cheese (I forget what all the dishes were called) was great, salty and a little crispy over a chopped salad that had a little mint and cilantro in it I think.  The yogurt-lemon mousse was a perfect summer dessert - very lemony which I love.  The waiter was nice and outside seating is always appreciated.  Stop at the foodery on your way over and mix a six or bring a bottle of wine.  I give it 4 stars instead of 5 b/c it was a bit pricey, but the lunch menu looked good (and cheaper).We went to Kanella on a Sunday night not knowing that Sundays are special.  They do the meze/chef's tasting (no other options).  $35 for meat and $30 for vegetarian options.  Between two of us, we split one of each so we could try everything.  We did not regret it!
The meze is basically a tapas-style meal - where they serve about 5-6 tapas per order.  By the end of the night, we couldn't even keep track of what we had eaten.  Everything was flavorful, the right mixture of rich for certain dishes and light for more vegetarian options.  We tried octopus, lamb, chicken, bison... just the range was very impressive.  And we loved that they served most richer dishes on a bed of salad, or something else complimentary to the tastebuds.
 Sitting behind us was a group of regulars who come every Sunday, which we noticed right away and took it as a good sign.  
Service was great - servers were attentive and sat us right away at a table outside even though we had no reservations and had no idea they had a chef's tasting that night.  They just kept coming out with more and more food, so if you come, be prepared to be stuffed. 
Can't wait to go back for dessert (maybe skip the actual meal next time) and for their famous brunch another time! But for now, I can only highly recommend Kanella for dinner.Ate brunch at Kanella today, the first time we have been there.  It really was a relaxing fun experience.  The service from Bill was great, just enough with out being patronizing.  We put him on the spot and basically made him order, everything was great, the rabbit soup with Fava beans was fantastic----wish I could get the recipe out of the vault.  We will return again, with a hearty appetite for really good food.Fantastic Greek food at reasonable prices.  The lamb dishes were particularly good.I came here for my birthday as mentioned by Aria S. I made reservations for a Wed night for a group of 9 (this is their max). Good thing too, because every table was full. Since this is a BYOB, we had about 7 bottles of wine for the table. As I looked around, every other table had ice for their wine. I had to ask our waiter after about 15 minutes if he could bring us a couple ice buckets for the table. He took our wine and put it over on a window sill. This was a little strange, but it only got worse. We didn't know if it was appropriate to grab it ourselves or if he would pour it for us. We spent the entire evening walking through the restaurant to awkwardly pour wine. Not exactly how I wanted to spend my bday dinner. Its especially frustrating because this is a BYOB restaurant, you'd think this wouldnt have been an issue. Besides this, the service was fine. They also accommodate to the gluten free people out there.
Onto the food. We started with dips of the day, very authentic and tasty. I ordered the braised rabbit leg. I thought the meat itself was fine. I wish it was seasoned better and more tender, especially for $26. Luckily I was able to try a few of my friends' dishes. My favorite was the stuffed pepper. I really wish I ordered that instead. 
Unfortunately I will not be coming back here. I wish I was able to have a great experience like some of the people below.Hands down, my favorite restaurant in Philly. And I love MANY restaurants in Philly. It's as if some lovely Greek-Cypriot family invited me to their home for a lovely Greek-Cypriot dinner, provided I bring my own wine and pay them about $40. I'd accept that invitation any day. 
Kanella simply offers classic, rustic dishes made with fresh, often organic ingredients by a chef who obviously cares a lot about his food. You'll see him buzzing around the dining room, advising diners on how best to enjoy the dishes before them. Might come off as heavy-handed, but this guy knows exactly what he's doing. 
Biggest hits for me include the whole fish (or any filet on the menu), duck breast and pork loin. For dessert, it's always the galaktobureko. Heaven. 
Brunch is fantastic, too, and an even more affordable way to enjoy Kanella. Plus, the service is always spot-on, no matter how full the restaurant is.ok, so I have been really trying to not be so generous with 5 star reviews but with Kanella I cannot help it. 
We had a reservation for breakfast Sunday at 10:30am - and yes you need a reservation sunday morning, and were seated promptly. By 11am the place was jammed.
Our server was excellent and extremely informative. I was amazed to see how affordable the breakfast and lunch platters were. I went with the Kanella platter - stuffed grape leaves, spicy tomato salad, fried egg plant, white beans, falafel, tsaziki, pita bread and olives - for all of $12. My gf got the same but her roommate  ordered the English breakfast.  Baked beans, enormous link of sausage, the most amazing bacon, grilled tomato and fried eggs for $10. 
I have seen some reviews on here and people complain about grounds in their coffee - umm all they serve is either french press coffee or greek coffee which is a lot like turkish coffee - it is expected to have grounds in it.  The french press coffee was amazing as well. 
As I write this I see that i am using the word "amazing" an awful lot but I can't help it. 
I also ordered greek yogurt with honey and walnuts which was unreal(see I didn't use amazing here) - my gf who hates greek yogurt really enjoyed it. 
All in all the food was amazing(had to), the service was spot on and the prices were extremely reasonable. 
This might be my new favorite breakfast spot.Incredibly impressed - I'm relatively new to the Philadelphia area and took my parents here to show them what the city has to offer, and we were all blown away.  Delicious food, affordable prices, great ambience, and very kind staff - we even got a Cyprus travel brochure from the restaurant owner after asking about how the food was made.  I might take him up on the offer at some point!Make sure you make a reservation especially for weekend brunch, it gets packed! We had to wait for an extra 15-20 minutes despite making a reservation and arriving early so this slightly dampened the experience. 
Food, however, was incredible, I had a dish that was like a stew of vegetables with eggs on top and almost licked my bowl clean. 
Great brunch spot that I would recommend to friends and family (if they can get a table!)Kanella is like an orgasm for my taste buds and a rejuvenation of my soul!!! I have been here twice (once for dinner and for brunch) and both times I left feeling like I found another wonder of the world...the food, service and atmosphere make this place well worth every penny you will spend!
Went today with my GF for brunch.  We started with a large French press of coffee that netted us each 3 cups and an order of the houmous and pita and one of the falafel.  We could have ended the meal there and been perfectly satisfied...
The experience only got better however as I ordered the English Breakfast which includes 2 eggs perfectly fried in olive oil, a sausage link, piece of slab bacon that still has me drooling, baked white beans in a light tomato sauce, half a grilled tomato and toast.  I added a side of halloumi, which isn't on the menu as a side but our waiter was more than happy to accommodate me. My GF ordered the Cyprus breakfast which was made famous by "The Best Thing I Ever Ate" and added a side of Greek fried potatoes.  
As we ate we could only look at each other and smile because our mouthes were too full and too happy to make coherent words come out of. Honestly if this was my last meal on earth I would die a happy man...My favourite BYOB has now also turned into my favourite place to lunch at! 
I finally made it down to Kanella in the daytime; thought the cozy dimly lit taverna style restaurant, with albeit consistently mouthwateringly delicious food, would loose some of its flare in the AM, but oh how I was wrong. 
I admit, I was more than a little suprised when I read Esquire's choice of best breakfast (does Kanella even do breakfast?). But when I arrived at Kanella around noon, sunlight was streaming through the giant windows, highlighting the lovely bouquets of flowers and potted plants, and upon glancing over the breakfast/brunch/or lunch menu, I saw the same simple sophiscation, and understood why Kanella had got the vote.
My party of three ate family style, sharing the Kanella platter (fantastic, and I mean the BEST stuffed grape leaves I have ever tried; light and fluffy zuccini fritters; a nicely dressed salad; and more) accompanied by the Yemen Pastry (fried yes, but utterly light, crisp, and savoury) with spicy tomato salad, and last but not least the Cypriote Breakfast, complete with grilled haloumi, perfectly fried eggs and lounza, a salty ham...wow was it all soooo very good! 
To top it off I indulged in my second cup of the day, and was amazed to find a restaurant that offers a strong cup of coffee! 
Moreover I finally met the other owner, and chef's other half, his very lovely wife who helped serve us, and was just as welcoming and warm as her husband.
As always I left Kanella, completely satiated, and already pondering my next return.Surprisingly delicious, as this Cypriot place goes all in with the Greek font on their menus. I had always wanted to try this spot, as it seems Philly is lacking in quality Greek/Mediterranean. The kofta was incredible. Case closed.We did the sunday night pre-fix menu and it was delicious, ample quantity and good value. Serive here is always excellent and friendly.Dined at Kanella three times in three different situations (dinner with my wife, dinner with my family and dinner with friends) - all were greatly enjoyable. Our favorite restaurant in Philadelphia.
We came for dinner at Friday night.
The staff was incredibly friendly and helpful and most importantly the food was amazing. We are from the Middle East and the food made us home sick in a good way. The Kanella Platter was the star but other starters were very good as well. In fact, everything we ordered was tasty, with the Stuffed Peppers being the highlight of our dinner.
The owner/chef really cares about the customers.i decided to try this place after a "soup nazi" type of lunch experience i had there in the fall. (aside from the diva-ness, i wasn't incredibly wow'ed by my meal.)  i went for dinner with a friend since she had never been to this restaurant. as always, the decor is awesome; i like the clean semi-cramped feeling. 
on to the food...
i had the watermelon salad and the roasted bell pepper with lentils. OMG! i would choose this meal as my pre-execution fare if i were on death row.  first off, the watermelon salad was ridiculously delicious. there were pieces of watermelon, some radishes, some other vegetable that i can't recall right now, and slices of some unpronounceable white cheese. those ingredients are kind of exciting on their own but what set that dish apart was the freaking oil-based dressing. i don't know what they put on top of that salad but it just made the whole dish come together.
the roasted bell pepper was ENORMOUS. i didn't realize how big and filling that dish would be. the bell pepper had some mix of lentils, raisins?, cheese, and whatever extra deliciousness the chef decided to throw in to blow my mind. accompanying the bell pepper was some kind of tomato ragout with a dollop of soft, i'm guessing, goat cheese. whatever it was it complimented the bell pepper fantastically.
all told, the total cost wasn't ridiculous for both items (i think i paid almost 40 usd with tax and tip.) 
given this experience, that chef can be soup nazi if he wants.Kanella is an excellent Greek-Cypriot restaurant. I have been there multiple times with both family as well as friends and each time I continue to be impressed. The dips of the day are amazing. I don't think there are better dips at any restaurant in the city. Some of my other favorite dishes are fried halloumi, grilled sardines, grilled whole fish, shrimp saganaki, ortiki, Cyprus mixed kebab and kouneli. The desserts are definitely worth bragging about too. My favorites are almond and date tart, lemon and yogurt mousse and the assorted Cyprus pastries.  Can't go wrong, great BYOB and a must-try.quite the professional response Caroline.
yes i do have quite a palate. eating off the streets of Manhattan for years makes one quite the critic.
salty=too much freaking salt. do you understand this?
and medium lamb doesn't mean a plate of blood you reject.
grow up and take criticism well, you are a small/ok place-
deal with it.Fantastic! Walked in for dinner around 8. It was very busy but they we able to seat us by the kitchen, a great spot. The wait staff was amazing, especially Bobby, who was very friendly, knowledgeable and personable, and not even our waiter. 
We started off with Bureki and fried calamari. The bureki was baked perfectly, it could have been a bit more puffed but still had a great flavor. The calamari was really surprising for me. I never eat calamari when it's ordered, it's always so rubbery, chewy and greasy. This was none of those things. Light, crispy calamari that was so tender. They also brought us complementary bread and tahini and red wine. Yum!
For our entrees we got the Stuffed Pepper and the Cyprus Tortelloni. The tortelloni was had a great texture and a yogurt based sauce that paired with it quite well. The stuffed pepper was cooked perfectly, the filling was delicious and came with a dollop of lebany, which I love with stuffed peppers. 
The chef came out a few times and picked out desserts for the two of us as we were game, and we were not disappointed! We received the Galatoboureko and the Pistachio and Olive Oil Cake. Both were so good, I love pistachio desserts.
Nice, friendly atmosphere. Very clean look. The price for what we got was right on the nose." Dinner and a show", as my boyfriend said, as there was plenty to look at conversations to over-hear. All of the ingredients we top quality and used with the utmost care. I also heard amazing things about the quail. If I wasn't leaving tomorrow, I'd go again for dinner, or breakfast, which also looks amazing.The food took nothing short of an hour to get to the table, but once it got there, it was tasty. Sadly, we forgot the 'B' in the BYOB so will have to go once more in hopes that the service is better.When you scan the Yelp reviews for Kanella, it looks something like this:
Brunch brunch brunch. Brunch brunch Cyprus breakfast brunch brunch brunch. Brunch brunch delicious brunch.
And I'd say that's pretty accurate.
Rather than boring yourself with reading the details, just go.Amazing! Fantastic BYO.
Came here on a cold, winter night for the first time. So many people have raved about this place, and now I know why. From the moment we sat down, we felt we were like the only ones there. (We clearly were not. The place was absolutely lively with so much happiness around!). The owner introduced himself to us, and helped us decide on what to order. We ordered the  lamb stew, monkfish, this phyllo pie appetizer (forgot the name), and later, a very tasty chocolate and date dessert.
Perhaps it was the flowing wine at every table, but the restaurant was crowded with large parties, family get togethers, and a birthday party. We were in good company. Narrow spaces for the servers to bring us food and water, but they were great in maneuvering around this small restaurant.
I cannot wait to come here again to try their brunch. The experience was a solid one. Large, delicious dishes that were made love. Super friendly owner and servers. Inviting and vibrant atmosphere. Great choice for a date night (first, second,146th), girls night (reunions, catch-up on gossip, talk about boys, share baby pictures), guys night (place for excellent food, talk about girls), birthday parties (BYO, 'nuff said), and any other occasion.
Seriously, a great restaurant to dine and share the experience with your loved ones.The falafel was out of this world! Great coffee, great brunch. 
I would love to come back for dinner. I hear their seafood is the best thing on the menu!AMAZING!! Been here a couple of times and never get tired of it! Great food, great service! LOVE!Everything is amazing here, all of the time. I save this place up for when I need an exquisite restaurant experience and can't be bothered to chance trying a new place.
The menu rotates just enough that your favorites always seem to be there, but there's also something new to whet the palette every time.
The hybrid of relaxed yet expertly crafted food along with casual decor creates a soothing and fun environment to enjoy family and friends over a couple bottles of wine. I've always felt the value for experience here was excellent and it's only ever a matter of when, not if, I'm going back.Dishes sampled included:
Kanella Platter with Stuffed Grape Leaves, Tabouli, Falafel, Fried Eggplant, Spicy Tomato Salad, Tzanziki, Olives and Pita
Malohwa Pan Fried Savory Puff Pastry from Yemen, Boiled Egg, Spicy Tomato Salad and Greek Yogurt
Cyprus Crepe - Crepe Stuffed with Manouri Cheese Drizzled with Carob Syrup
Mousaka - Ground Lamb Layered with Grilled Eggplant and Topped with Béchamel
Chef's Mother's Coconut, Date, and Hazelnut Cake - With Date and Orange Syrup
Baklava - Fillo Pastry Filled with Walnuts and Pistachios, Soaked in Spiced Syrup
Galatopoureko - Fillo Pastry Filled with Semolina Custard, Drizzled with Orange Syrup
The second of two 'breakfasts' that day my visit to Kanella featured two of my favorite dining companions and ordering widely from the interesting Greek inspired menu I think we all walked away quite impressed by not only the quality of the food but also of the service; a small family run operation where everyone was more than happy to tell you about the recipes and heritage of each dish.  Not well versed in Greek food and actually not at all a fan of grape leaves or Tzanziki the beauty of this menu for me was the more esoteric options such as the savory puff pastry and the sweets - the crepe and the Galatopoureko particularly excellent; I'd definitely revisit for breakfast or dinner, particularly given the wonderful family atmosphere and bargain prices for food I generally do not go out of my way for - an experience both delicious and educational.Sunday brunch: the service was good, although our waitress seemed a bit nervous and uncertain. The food was good and really interesting - this is not your typical Anglo brunch menu. This was the most interesting meal I've had in a long time. I'd love to try them for dinner, but right now dinner prices are out of my range - so I'd recommend them for a very reasonable and interesting brunch experience.I want to start by saying that Kanella still remains at the top of our list for one of our favorite local restaurants.
However, last Sunday we decided to try their meze-family style dining. I must say as much as we liked the foods offered on the preset menu, we enjoy the open menu much better. The portions were quite small and for the price fix of $35 I would much rather have my choice of some of the best dishes in town.Fabulous dinner. I'd been there for brunch, a few times and it was always very good but nothing amazing. However, my dinner on Friday night was absolutely delicious. I started with a small cyprus plate which had fabulous halloumi cheese, olives, sausage, and a great dip (forget what but remember it being delish) and it was really great. Then I had the chicken with a yogurt sauce and it was also fabulous. And huge. Can't wait to go back and to eat my leftovers!FINALLY made it to kanella back in march, holy crap that felt like it took forever. I was a fan of Cheg Pitsillides (I hope that's close to the correct spelling, don't feel like Googling) when he cooked at the unfortunately short-lived meze but for some reason kanella kept getting pushed lower down my eattherenow list. enough of this mischief, on to the food!
delicious haloumi, as one can expect, excellent grilled sardines (a semi-constant craving of mine), delicious lamb-stuffed, fried koubes, YUM! also, delicious stuffed peppers (no longer on the menu, maybe was a special). am definitely itching to go back and try more things, i completely trust this chef to deliver. one of the dishes we had in march was a special, and i remember it was a red meat served with a mix of braised green veg, including escarole and nettles. excellent. and he used nettles, which are a criminally underused/under-appreciated (and hard to frickin find) ingredient. i asked our waiter to ask where the chef got his but he wouldn't tell me. boo! but he doesn't know that i am not a chef or a spy. sigh. maybe anastasio's will special order some for me....WOW.
Seated by the nice hostess right away. The decor and ambiance is simple and understated. It sometimes can get a bit noisy because the space is not particularly large.
The waiter was attentive, friendly, and very knowledgeable. 
Bread had some tahini dip, which was good, but nothing to rave about.
There was a special eel appetizer (GET IT). Eel was supple with an amazing smokey flavor. The carrot slaw or whatever it was...delicious. Sauce was unique!
The octopus appetizer was delicious. Two octopus tentacles cooked to perfection with a neat side salad.
Rabbit leg entree was juicy and fall off the bone. The asparagus, lentil, carrot, onion, whatever it was...delicious.
The lamb kotka looked a lil dry, but was absolutely tender and moist! Solid dish with pita, okra, and etc.
The pig cheeks was the best! Amazing moist and flavorful. I could not get enough. You must order this!
The food was top notch as were the size of the entrees. The chef actually came out a few times and talked to us which made us feel so welcomed.
Assorted ice creams...there was a dill sorbet/ice cream and it blew my mind! This is a must try if they have it.
Pistachio creme brulee had great flavor!
Service is great. Food is amazing. Prices are incredible reasonable for the quantity, and most importantly, the quality. Plus it's BYO!
One of the best meals I have had in Philadelphia so far.Walked in at 11 on a saturday. There were 10 open tables but was told they wouldnt take walk ins because their computer was down. Absurd. Will not try to come again.Greek to its core. Nice atmosphere. Full and bustling. Service a little harried and inconsistent.
After great hummus I came to find that, as I was eating my appetizers and entrees, I just really don't like greek food that much. Not a knock on the restaurant, maybe more so my taste buds.
Flat face.Wonderful fresh flavors!  Best Brunch in Philly hands down - don't be afraid to try the specials - I have yet to try something here that I have not liked.Wonderful restaurant! My husband's pumpkin ravioli was perfect, not too sweet, the ravioli cooked exactly right. My lamb shank was falling off the bone delicious. Our waiter was informative and attentive, and easy to hear and understand in a small crowded restaurant. We enjoyed every bite! New to Philly, we appreciated the confirmation call when they reminded us that the restaurant was byob. If I'm ever in Philly again and would definitely go back to Kanellas.Went back to have lunch here the other day and was nicely surprised that we could order very tasty breakfast dishes.  The Shakshuka, eggs braised in tomato and pepper stew, with a strong cumin flavor, were certainly a good way to start our meal, the soft-cooked peppers making a perfect accompaniment for the runny eggs.  We ordered the appetizer combination plate, including well-known meze favorites.  Especially good were the crisply fried fava falafal balls, other meze were quite ordinary, like the lackluster tzatziki.  Not at all to our liking were the mushy, bland dolmades (stuffed grape leaves).  The grilled pork was correctly done, served with a small salad.  I was glad to see a pretty good lunch crowd, the lunch prices, after all, are very good.  Looking at the dinner menu, including goat stew and rabbit, I imagined the food to be more focused and also more original in the evening, while the lunch choices did not surpass average, including the desserts of galaktobureko (with tired phyllo) and a pudding with lots of rose water.  The service is knowledgeable and friendly and the atmosphere of the restaurant bright and inviting.Very nice Washington Square West lunch choice. Went here with my son on a Saturday. Our food was good and the portions were huge. Simple decor.Zorba the Burger!!! What a killer burger. Everything about it was delicious. The service was great and the decor was cute. Popped in on a whim for lunch, expecting to get a gyro. They don't serve them, but we didn't even care when they brought out the lamb burgers. Great food!The brunch food was dope sauce. Every bite of every thing was so full of flavor!!! I was in love. It's also BYOB. 
My boyfriend and I shared kanella platter, chicken kebab, Greek yogurt with honey, and baklava. They had the best hummus I've ever had!!
Basically, everything was 5 stars!!! .. maybe except the Greek yogurt since I couldn't distinguish from my trader joes Greek yogurt drizzled with honey- I probably won't get that next time.
I was full but it was a feel-good kind of fullness, as I felt good without feeling gross and greasy despite stuffing my face. 
It's a very cute restaurant and it almost made me feel like I was on some Greek island! The waiter could have been friendlier though...This is a nice restaurant low key nice services and good food, We started with the three dips the pumpkin dip was such a surprise really amazing and flavorful, The carrot app with ramps was roasted carrots which were tender and sweet with a garlicky tender ramp again nice, the only app we had which i felt was over salted and rubbery was the octopus, and I really love octopus, I like mine tender not chewy although I have traveled in greece and had it the way they serve it so it could just be my personal preference.  Price wise it wasn't too bad but a byob has to make there money somehow so items 25 to 32 seems reasonable.  My entree was a Quial which was tender and flavorful and my companion had the stuffed pepper very tender light and flavorful, the only thing is you have to get an app if you get the stuffed pepper because it is served by itself even though its hearty.  I will come back12/28/13. Great greek food. You cannot go wrong with anything on the menu. Fast bottle service. BYOB.  Book in advance though, they are a small restaurant.I came here on July 2nd with four others.  Decor was simple, noise level was unremarkable.  Space was a bit small--I was sitting with my back to a wall, and servers kept squeezing past me.  Our server was helpful, although he never seemed to make eye contact and seemed to close his eyes whenever talking.  Maybe that's how Cypriots are and he was just trying to give us a more authentic experience?
We got the Greek salad, dips of the day, bureki, and halloumi for appetizers.  The salad was moderately sized and pretty standard.  (I think the one at Dmitri's is a better value.)  I'm not entirely sure what the dips were, but I believe there was a lentil one, a chickpea/anchovy one, and a pumpkin one.  We all disagreed about which one we liked best, but we thought all of them were good.  We had to ask for more pita for dipping, which they didn't charge for.  The bureki (fillo pastry stuffed with feta and thyme, drizzled with thyme honey, served with roast beets ) had a nice sweet/salty thing going on, and I liked the herbaceousness, but it was a bit small to share 5 ways.  It seemed expensive for the size, but maybe that's also because we were splitting it.  The beets seemed a bit like an afterthought.  The halloumi was interesting--I didn't realize that it doesn't really melt.  Again, not the best appetizer to split.  Of the apps, dips of the day was the winner.  
One additional note--they brought out bread with tahini, and I feel like the timing was off--either they brought it just before or at the same time as the rest of the appetizers, or a refill was slow.  Also, nobody poured our wine for us, and we wound up pouring our own.  Neither really bothered us, but I like to nitpick.
For entrees, we got two veal flank steaks, a pork chop, a quail, and a duck leg.  I had the veal.  All the meat was well-cooked, well-seasoned and amply portioned, and the accompaniments were well-executed also.  I'm hesitant to say it, because everyone was happy with their food, but I think most of us agreed that the mains were still somewhat unremarkable; maybe they lacked some defining Greekness that we were expecting.  I'd never had quail, so I did enjoy the richness, and people who tried the duck really liked it (the piece I tried was really too small to get much duckiness).
For dessert, we got the date and chocolate cake with vanilla ice cream and caramel sauce, the galatoboureko (filo pastry with semolina custard), and the assortment of Cypriot pastries.  The chocolate cake was amazing--extremely moist, chocolatey, with a faint trace of date flavor.  The vanilla ice cream and caramel sauce weren't the most imaginative things, but they were good and worked well with the cake.  I really enjoyed the custard as well--it reminded me of creme brulee, almost, with a thick, rich texture and fairly subtle flavor.  The pastries had baklava, which was really good--it had cinnamon in it, which made it stand out from other baklava I've had.  There were also almond cookies, which were okay, but not too exciting, and some sort of cake that was sort of dense/dry and not as sweet as I would've liked it.
As we were leaving, we were preparing to stuff a bottle of wine we wound up not opening in a purse, and a server (not ours) stopped me and gave me a...fabric wine tote?  I don't know what it's called, but he said that people are always leaving them at the restaurant and we could have this so our chilled wine wouldn't warm up on the way home.  It was a nice touch.
Total came out to about $45/person including tax and tip, and most portions were reasonable/generous.  Overall, this was a solid restaurant.  I'd been looking forward to it for awhile.  Although not everything lived up to my built-up hopes, just about everything was at least good, and a few things really were excellent.My go-to BYOB. It's bustling, the food is amazing and the service is always entertaining. The food is homey in the best sense of the word, receipies with combinations that have stayed the test of time. It makes me feel like I'm eating at a friend's house, you can just relax, drink a bottle or two, and relate.Greek food! 
Came here for dinner. When you first walk in this place you might think its small but you are definitely greeted by the staff with a warm welcome and discover how cozy it is. The food is phenomenal. They bring out the bread with tahini sauce to every table. We ordered the dips of the day with warm pita bread to share wit the table. I ordered the winter ravioli stuffed with pumpkin. Delish and not too heavy. For desert I shared the chocolate date cake and bites of the pistachio cake as well. Our waiter highly recommended the pistachio cake but both were equally unique and delish in taste. The chef also came around and made sure we enjoyed our meals which also was a plus! You def need reservations for dining on weekends here.AMAZING - best mediterranean / Greek in Philly.As a Greek-Cypriot I can tell you that the atmosphere and food is authentic.  I brought my grandma here for her birthday and the head chef came out and spoke with her, and gave us a free plate of desserts.  I will definitely be back.  What a gem.I'm always a fan of BYOBs. We brought out out of town vendors here and everyone was pleasantly surprised.
Appetizers: Dips, Goat cheese and warm hummus
Dinner: Chicken and kebabs
Everyone was satisfied! I will definitely return!Sidewalk seating for brunch at this corner restaurant was quite pleasant. Perhaps it was the nice weather and my two beautiful friends for company that enhanced my experience. Regardless, the items on the menu are creative and the prices are friendly. 
I had the Shaksouka: poached eggs sitting in a sauce of roasted peppers and tomatoes served with two pieces of bread. It needed some pepper and one more piece of bread would have made it perfect. 
Service was not very quick, but the girls and I were busy talking, so I didn't mind waiting for our food and waiting for the check.WOW.  I moved to Philly from San Francisco 6 months ago, and this place consistently provides the BEST food...and that's the opinion of a pretty devout foodie!  Every time I eat here, the food just keeps getting better.  They have a beautiful variety of fresh veggies, fish, and meats, and everything is seasoned perfectly.  The service is very warm and friendly, (we are big fans of our favorite waiter, John) and I would HIGHLY recommend the Sunday evening tasting menu.  You choose veggie or meat/seafood and they bring out an absolute smorgasbord of incredible freshly made dishes to sample.  One of the best spots in Philly, in my humble opinion.  Will keep coming back!!!!Wow! Wow! Wow!
Came here for a Sunday lunch.  I love Greek and Cypric food and this did not disappoint.  Highly varied menu that included lamb dishes, crepes and everything inbetween.  My wife and I got a bunch of small plates.  This spot is BYOB, so we brought our own alcohol.
The check, with tip, only came to about $40 apiece, which is a steal for how much we ate and how good it is.  
This place is small and a bit confined, so make a reservation before you go, but you will not be disappointed in the food.Food was good but for an 8pm reservation we were given our table 840pm. What's even better is that we got a 6 seater for an 8 people table. It's gets better, the hostess told us that she can't ask a 2 seater table next to us to leave so we should hover around them to pressure them to leave!! Expect a long wait, bad service from the hostess and good food. Food worth 4 stars.I went for lunch during the week (Wednesday) with my friend Peter. I was really excited to try this Cypriot food. He got the spanakopita, and I got ground lamb with pine nuts on flatbread (I think it was called lacham azeen). Both came with a few mouthfuls of a side salad.  The food was tasty & hot, came out quickly, and the portions were perfect for lunch.
Service was decent, the waiter was very practiced and tried to be funny. I would have preferred he had been ]better about keeping the water glasses full instead of disappearing outside every few minutes He was, however, very solicitous and offered recommendations.
The decor is nice, the walls are painted white, the touches of blue and the ambient light give it a very Mediterranean feel, which I suppose is what they're going for!Everyone loves it here. I clearly am not everyone. Which is sad, because I had really been wanting to try it, so I made a res for brunch on opentable, and despite planning ahead, it still took 20 min to get us a table. Once seated, our waitress took forever to come over, and I'm pretty sure she never heard the expression "service with a smile" as she had a dour frown the whole time she negligently "served" us. We got egg dishes that were clearly fresh and could have been outstanding, but lacking spice (and love). When we asked for toast, she told us there was no bread. Like the bread that came with our eggs. There was none. So I guess the bread we had was a mirage. Perhaps it was just a bad day. But I'd have to be strongly persuaded to ever go back. NOTE: This is the worst review I've ever given (I generally only Yelp if I love something), so it's not as though I like to pan places--I went here with high hopes--but it disappointed me on all fronts so I'll stick to Silk City or Farmacia for furture brunches.Went here the day after valentines day! I went to tria for drinks before and then walked the one block here for dinner; brought a large 220z bottle of beer with and they were happy to bring a nice bucket to keep it cool and some chalice type glasses. They started us off with bread and tahini which was very good. My bf and I went with the trio of dips, the rabbit leg and the summer ravioli. The rabbit leg was good, but the ravioli stole the show. It was so flavorful!  I would def come back here, ESP for brunch. There are so many things on their menu that sound amazing. They've got good service too!Food is excellent. I think it's the best greek food I have had in the city. My only complaint and the reason for 4 stars is the noise level. It's rather loud, and difficult to have a conversation. Otherwise, always be sure to make reservations - this place gets packed at night and on weekends. Try to go during off-peak times to avoid the noise. Amazing food, and love that it's BYO.Hell yeah. The chicken kebab and the rice that came with it were totally delicious.
My only issue was that the service was a bit slow. It seemed like waiters and waitresses were walking past us over and over throughout the whole meal.Not exactly Greek.
This is a decent place which for some reason is usually swimming in college educated mid 20's / early 30's estrogen. Women love Kanella. Take a date here!
I'll admit: I'm biased. I'm Greek, and I've been all over Greece. I've never been to Cyprus. Therefore, I don't really like the food if it is supposed to be what I know from Greece. I even prefer Turkish food to what I've had at Kanella. 
The food at Kanella isn't bad, for what it is. I can't say whether it is authentic Cypriot cuisine. It's nothing like mainland Greek cuisine. I can say for sure at least from a Northern Greek perspective, there are better options in the city in this price range. Try Estia.
That all said, the service was friendly. Best part of the whole meal was the desserts and coffee. If the place weren't so small, and perhaps had lots of sidewalk seating in summertime, I would be there several nights per week just for desert and coffee. But this is Philadelphia....Amazing food, fantastic service. If we lived in Philly, we would be here once a week. From beginning to end, each course was extraordinary...particularly enjoyed the pasta with halloumi and yogurt sauce. They were very accomodating of a picky little eaters vegetarian palette and generally very solicitous of all members of our disheveld party.  We will be back!This place is WOW! The place is cozy and quaint. Considering we did not have reservations on a Saturday morning, we were lucky enough to be seated right by the door. It was a cold day and the heater was a little help, considering my friend wore a t-shirt under a light parka ( we are from Los Angeles. Philly in the middle of February is brrrrrrrrr freezing cold~ knowing is half the battle).  Service was friendly and personable. I love that the servers knew the regulars and it appeared that some built a connection and relationship with them. I like that it shows that Kanella staff care about their guests. 
My experience, being a first time guest was also enjoyable. I noticed the Chef come out a few times to check on the guest. Personally, I thought that was a thoughtful gesture.
 I ordered the Cyprus Breakfast and my companion ordered the Malawa. We shared the dishes. I was totally amazed! The Cyprus Breakfast was simple, the flavors all complemented the ingredients. When you ate it all together, the was a party in your mouth. You feel compelled to just close your eyes and enjoy what is in your palette. Gosh! Writing about my experience is just taking me back! Which is proof that the experience in Kanella is a full experience not a partial one! 
The Malawa is also a great dish the yogurt and the bread... Woohoo! Explosion in your palette! 
I highly recommend both. This place is awesome! I am impressed. When I visit Philly again, Kanella will be a "must stop by" places! 
KUDOS TO THE CHEFExcellent food, very good service.  Only two stars because dinner at least is outrageously expensive.  27 bucks for a lamb stew that was definitely good, but about the size of a bowl of cereal.  I mean good or not, it's still stew.  The kids moussaka was good as well, but 22 bucks for 1 slice with a small side of khorabi.  Ripoff.One of the best meals I've had in Philly. Everything was great. 
Here are some of the highlights:
* The squid
* the steak 
* Good service
* Good prices
* Easy to access neighborhood
In general, Philly is a foodie town and this place is one of the top food places in a foodie town.I LOVED this place! Might just be my new favorite restaurant in Philly.  The food, the service, the ambiance -- all quaint, simple, and perfect.  I read some reviews about poor service but that wasn't my experience at all.  The waiter was extremely helpful and thorough -- and we were a tough crowd with lots of questions.  For an appetizer, we all ordered the dips, which included, among other things, the best babaganoush I've ever had.  For an entree, I ordered the stuffed vegetables which was stuffed cabbage with lentils, rice, and feta.  It was amazing! My fiance got the veal dish and also loved.  Our two other dining companions ordered the rabbit and the special of the day - a pork dish - and they were as equally impressed as us.  For dessert, we got the homemade ice cream - halavah and mint flavored.  Delicious! The chef was making rounds during dinner and we had a chance to tell him what an amazing dinner we enjoyed.  I will definitely be back -- very excited to try their brunch!Finally made it here the other night after dying to go forever and left very happy!!  Loved the decor, so cute, and all of the staff were super sweet!  The watermelon salad was light and refreshing and so good.  The calamari was perfectly done.  The roasted bell pepper was good but not great.  I had a great experience though and I cannot wait to go back!I love a restaurant that gets it right and this one definitely does.  The food is outstanding, fresh, delicious and creative.  The service is super friendly and knowledgeable.  You get the feeling the wait staff loves working there.  And it's BYOB which helps with the bill.  We have bought wine and beer on different visits.  Food goes great with either.My girlfriend and I had a wonderful experience at Kanella recently on our way traveling back from North Carolina. 
The overall atmosphere of the restaurant is nice. It's small, without being cramped, and sparsely decorated to its benefit. The walls drip Greece (or, more accurately, Cyprus) and the menu reflects the chef's love for south east Europe.
We shared a few appetizers which escape me at this moment because the real stars of the dinner were the entrees. I ordered the kouneli, braised rabbit with beans and yogurt. It was absolutely delicious in its light richness from the sauce and rabbit to the acidity of the yogurt. My girlfriend ordered the stuffed calamari, which she still talks about days after.
We had the pleasure of meeting the chef and owner, Konstantinos, who was a pleasure. After talking with him for a while, he was kind enough to send a few blocks of baklava which were a sweet end to the meal.
Our server was also excellent. He was extremely knowledgeable and familiar with the menu. His service helped contribute to the overall wonderful experience we had.
Can't wait to get back to Philly to dine at Kanella again!My friend and I had dinner here last Friday and I'm still talking about it! Now, considering my friend is Greek, taking her to a Greek restaurant is like taking Jacque Cousteau to an aquarium, but I made an reservation and away we went. 
We decided to traverse the menu tapas style, and ordered many appetizers instead of entrees. We started with the fried smelts (a special of the night), octopus with peppers, onions, and capers and saganaki (pan fried sheep's cheese). The smelts were smaller than I have seen served before and we were presented with a sizable pile accompanied by a simple salad of tomato and cucumber. Crispy and well seasoned, I could have just kept eating these all night! The octopus was cooked perfectly (not a chewy bit in sight) and the saganaki was GORGEOUS. Served with olives and figs in a small amount of brine, we found ourselves using our bread to get every last bite! (Side note: Homemade sourdough bread with tahini sauce kicked off our meal. YUM!) 
Our second "course" consisted of the Koukouvagia which was a salad composed of Cretan rusks (sorta like olive oil soaked croutons), feta cheese, olives, tomatoes, oregano and mixed greens. Again a very sizable portion, which we easily split. Fresh ingredients all nicely paired in flavor and texture.
And then the last two dishes... sweetbreads (another special) and a rabbit casserole. Seeing as I had never tried sweetbreads( the thymus or pancreas gland of lamb or veal. These were veal.) we took a chance and ordered them and I'm glad we did! They were served to us encased in a deep fried batter, we received 5 of them and they were deliciously moist and tender. This dish was by far my friend's favorite as it took her back to Greece. And as for the rabbit stew, what can I say? Served in a small terracotta pot, the rabbit itself was flaky and gamey and the giant white beans were the perfect partner. 
At the end of the meal, we were so stuffed, we wouldn't fit in dessert. For all those plates our total came to $50.75, a great bargain in my opinion for such caliper of food. 
Also worth mentioning... the staff and owner were friendly and knowledgeable and we enjoyed the decor. It is fairly small, so on a packed night (like ours) it was quite noisy. This didn't bother us, but I couldn't see bringing anyone who is hard of hearing or does not like noisy restaurants. Reservations are definitely needed. 
I'll absolutely be back, but until then I just have to daydream about our wonderful meal.Went for the family-style deal that they have on Sundays. Twelve plates for $30 (vegetarian) and twelve plates for $35 (meat). I think I am remembering that correctly. BYOB so went down to the Foodery and got something to drink. All the food was excellent, the waiters were good, and sitting outside was good even if it was at a slant. Definitely would go back for dessert since I was too stuffed to eat any this time around.