I've eaten 4 sweet potato rolls in the last 24 hours. They're that good and I'm that fat.Ordered takeout 4-5 times and it has been very good. The sushi has been good (but not great), and the dinner box was humongous. It's certainly a great value. Delivery was very fast as well; within 20 minutes each time.This sushi was 100% acceptable.
I started with the Philly roll. They make theirs with cucumber instead of avocado, and even though I prefer the avocado, it was a good roll. I was a little sad that it only came with 6 pieces insted of 8 (which is what I'm used to getting), but for just under $5.00, you can't go wrong.
I also got the Spicy Girl roll, which was basically spicy salmon and avocado tempura that came with spicy sauce, eel sauce & chunks of peanut on top. The roll was definitely good, but it fell apart so, so, SO easily. I had to eat it with my hands and it was still making a mess.
A friend of mine got the spicy tuna roll, and it was made just the way I like my spicy tuna. The fish was mashed up and mixed with the spicy sauce (versus it being sliced and the sauce put on top), and it also had what I believe were Japanese breadcrumbs in it. I really like when places stick the breadcrumbs in with the spicy tuna because it gives it a nice crunch.
Anyway, when all was said and done, I wasn't disappointed. It took a while for our food to come out, which surprised me because there were only 2 other tables in the restaurant at the time, but I didn't mind that much. The overall look and feel of the place is really nice - it's clean and well-maintained.
This is definitely an option when getting some quick sushi!This place is a cute little sushi joint that offers great dine in service as well as take out service. I have had the chicken teriyaki lunch box (great deal for the money), yaki udon, yaki soba, and the spicy girl roll. The spicy girl roll is seriously amazing -- just get it. The udon and soba are also delicious. Also, recommend the gyoza. Come to think of it, I've yet to have anything bad here. 
The place is always very clean and the people always so nice!I love this place! The bento boxes are the best! I've eaten here 3 times in the last week!!!Totally feeling this place. Lunch special is such a good deal. Sushi is fresh. The presentation is beautiful and the service is friendly and fast! Sorry I haven't tried sooner!Best sushi in philly.  The fish are so fresh. The service was fast and friendly. Love this place . Definitely be back again!Went here for lunch and had the two roll special which was good. I was sad the rolls were only 6 pieces but when if came out they were so big that it was very filling. The waiter and other staff were very attentive and the food came out fast.Super decent sushi, quick service. They're my go-to takeout spot for their quick delivery too. Lunch specials two or three rolls so cheap with miso soup or ginger salad. Check them out.Kansai is a hidden gem in Fairmount! Both dining in and take out are good. The restaurant is small, quiet and pleasant. I love their spicy tuna and spicy salmon tar tar....YUM! It is a nice place for a date and it is BYOB. You pay for the quality, which in my opinion is well worth it. Kansai will always be my go to as long as I'm in Fairmount.Perfectly decent neighborhood sushi and noodles joint.  Everything is always fresh. Broth is well considered. Noodles firm and comforting. 
We always BYOB.I really loved my meal here. The food was absolutely fantastic--delicious sushi and a very varied and affordable menu. They are BYOB, which is always a plus for me. The service was very good as well and the ambiance was great. If you're looking for some delicious sushi without breaking the bank, I would highly recommend!We've ordered from Kansai over 20 times.  It has been our go-to sushi take-out place.  Today .... WORM!!!!!!! That's right, a (expletive deleted) worm in our food.  Only to be discovered while chewing!  Please note a reviewer from 4 months ago also had the same complaint.  Buyer beware. They lost a customer today.
Still grossed out Philly!Ordered from here through Grubhub and yelp. Both times the delivery was extremely quick! Much faster than the estimated time. Got two of the speciality rolls and salmon sashimi. The Godzilla roll was delicious - spicy tuna and avo deep fried with some sauces, and the new island spicy roll without eel - lots of raw tuna, salmon and yellowtail. Most of the fish was good quality and fresh except for the yellowtail was not the best. The salmon sashimi was great and generous portions. Overall good pricing, quality rolls and service, would definitely order from here again!Was my first time ordering delivery from this place and I must say that I am pretty pleased. I ordered the lunch special which is two rolls of choice and either a miso or house salad. I got the spicy salmon roll, eel avocado roll, and the spicy tuna tartare w/ the house salad. The wait was approx 35 minutes which I didn't mind, they also have a $15 delivery minimum which is understandable. The rolls were a lot bigger than expected! I only had two but because of how thick they were I got full pretty fast. The spicy tuna tartare however was just alright, I probably would not order that again as it lacked a lot of flavor in the mixture they used. Have had better at other places. The house salad ginger dressing however was delicious, I would pay to buy tubs of that haha. 
I'm definitely going to be ordering from them more often when I need a sushi fixThis is one of my favorite sushi spots near home! My husband and I love to go have a seat at the sushi bar for our meal. Every time that we go, the service is so nice and welcoming and we never feel out of place. 
We try to order two rolls every time we go to try new things, but I always start with a miso soup. Pretty standard miso soup, nothing special, but gets my palate ready for a good meal! 
I will continue to visit!We walked over to Kansai after visiting the Eastern State Penitentiary. My 2 sons, wife and I were all hungry and the food came out promptly. At first I was disappointed by the no alcohol availability (byob) but it was my fault for not checking the details first. Service was freat and I was also offered a complimentary sake (I guess my disappointment showed on my face). I was grateful!I'm so glad good sushi has moved into the neighborhood!  The service is excellent, the food was wonderful, and the ambiance is great.
Quick tip: I've only eaten in, but I've noticed a few people waiting a bit for their take-out... you should definitely call ahead if you want to take your meal to go.Um...what?  Smallest sushi rolls I've ever seen.  Ever.  I can't believe I just spend $25+ for three sushi rolls and I'm still hungry.  Good thing I had them delivered or I might have gone broke trying to fill my stomach.
Though I will say the Godzilla roll that everyone seems to recommend was good but it was like 1/2 the size of most "specialty rolls."
So disappointing for dinner.  An expensive appetizer at best.  Now what should I eat...?!?!I've been to Kansai a few times. I go there when I want a quick and cheap sushi meal.  The staff is friendly and you never need to wait for a table. If you are looking for "the best sushi of your life" this is not the place. If you want a BYOB that is fast, has good sushi, and budget friendly this is your place. 
Also, the green tea ice cream is very tasty!We wanted sushi and stumbled upon this hidden gem, and were amazed by the quality of sushi! The fish tasted fresh, the presentation of the sushi was fun, and they had great service! Highly recommend, we will be coming back here soon.I order takeout from here all the time and it has not disappointed yet. They are very quick at making the sushi, and the sushi itself is very delicious. The only problem is i am running out of new rolls to try. But its delicious.Kensai is a tiny, humble spot that continues to warm my heart.  They have really great sushi (I love me the Godzilla roll and the Halloween roll), really affordable prices, and are always willing to shift around their few tables to accommodate larger parties.  They give you free edamame if you order (or take out) over $30 of food.  Free.99 is my most favoritest prices of all.
In short, this is a great place for a casual night out or a cozy night in.  Keep it up, Kensai.I gave 4 stars only because it was our first and probably  last visit, we're traveling.
Food was very good, service was  fast and very friendly, so I can recommend it.The sushi isn't that great here. The only things I liked were the fried rice and the green salad. I felt disappointed I spent money on that meal.The lunch bento box was great while on jury duty.  We've also ordered delivery a few times and it's been tasty!I love this place.  The rolls are generously sized and delicious.  It's very reasonably priced and the service has been consistently great.  A great way to manage my sushi addiction!Thank goodness I live near here. Great quality sushi on most days. A tad on the expensive side for some of the specialty rolls and not enough rice to hold some of them in place, but overall I'm a fan. Recommend the dragon, godzilla, and rainbow rolls.Went for a Saturday lunch special. 3 Rolls, with a soup, for $12? What a deal. The rolls (I got 2 Spicy Tuna, and 1 Eel), were super on point. Also, they're rolls are big. I mean huge. 1 piece of sushi at Kansai is like the size of 2 pieces somewhere else. So 3 rolls (18 pieces), turns into like 24-25. I was maxing. This place had good food for a good price. Good atmosphere. Wait staff was on point too. My girlfriend got a bento box, and liked it, but we both agreed mine was better--clearly, I'm giving them 5 stars! Also a lot of parking on the side streets off of Spring Garden.The restaurant itself is nothing to phone home about, but their food always blows me away. The beef and salmon teriyaki lunch boxes are exquisitely done, and the sashimi is generally fresh. Coming from the West coast where I am surrounded by seafood, and a seafood lover in general, Kansai is the seafood place for me in Philly. I've tried nearly every single Japanese restaurant in the city, and this is the one I come back to every time.My wife and I had the sushi platter for two for dinner the other night.  Good quality, fresh fish and overall delicious.  Service was good and the atmosphere is nice.I've ordered delivery from them a few times now and they've been solidy in the 4+ star range.  The prices are decent and everything I've gotten has been fresh and has been delivered really quickly.  I'll be trying them again -- maybe I'll even get there.LOVE this place...excellent value for the specialty rolls and always friendly and quick service. Don't miss the Godzilla roll or the Halloween roll!The only place I've ever written a review for because I feel so strongly about it . The rolls are HUGE. Dancing eel is the bomb. Charming little spot for dates or nights out with friends. It's also BYOBThis sushi is pretty good. They don't skimp at all, lots of fish and not too much rice. Always fresh. Good prices.
Free delivery! Not the fastest, but you can't really complain if it's free. 
I wouldn't go here for a sit down dinner, but it is perfect for sushi take outThey don't skimp on the sashimi!!! Came here a few times for lunch especially after a hangover I treat sushi like comfort food! I ordered about 60$ worth by myself and sadly ate it all. It was all so good I really liked the salmon tartare which I got 3 of, the unagi roll and spicy salmon roll were both good & above average. I was impressed when I ordered the salmon sashimi that they gave me very large portions of it rather than 2 tiny pieces. Over all traditional looking restaurant with a sushi bar and very nice and dedicated staff that are very attentive! I would def recommend to sushi and Asian food lovers!We decided to order sushi on Saturday and found Sakura closed for some unexplained reason. We ordered from Kansai since it was close and still delivered and the prices seemed inexpensive. Delivery was quick and everything was packaged nicely - lots of napkins, utensils, and soy sauce. However, the food itself was...bland for lack of a better word. The miso soup was totally tasteless - tiny shreds of seaweed. The sushi was fresh, but for something marked spicy there was no spice. We were not huge fans of Kansai - go with Sakura if you're looking for local delivery.I probably go here once a week. It's very good sushi. I'm sure there's better sushi out there, but for the price (lunch specials around $8) you can't beat it in this neighborhood. I love the Udon noodle soup, the fancy sushi rolls, the atmosphere, and that it's BYOB. A solid choice.My gf and I are big fans of Sunday night Asian delivery. We decided to try out Kansai last night and I was pretty underwhelmed. Delivery took about 40 minutes - not a big deal and somewhat expected for a weekend night.
I'll start with the sushi veggie roll. Very ok. I've had better. 4 pieces were relatively full of veggies while the two ends had almost nothing but rice. Not the end of the world as it was our appetizer. 
Moving onto the main course. The salad had very good ginger dressing. I ordered the teriyaki chicken with brown rice [$13.45] and my gf ordered chicken yaki udon [$10.95]. Both were large portions but I thought the price was a little steep especially for the teriyaki chicken. I felt that the chicken in both meals was overcooked. My teriyaki chicken barely had any dressing or flavor. I actually added soyaki dressing to mine from Trader Joe's. The udon noodles were tasty and had a little more flavor. 
Overall I was a little disappointed. Next time I would like to try the spicy tuna rolls. I probably won't order their entrées anymore.First off, I never write these things. The shrimp tempura roll was fine. Nothing special. I got 2 orders of California rolls. They were absolutely gross. They didn't have any initial taste, but they did have an aftertaste. Something was way off. Will not order again.Paid a lot of money for junk 
1. Crispy shrimp was soggy and no taste of shrimp
2. Hand roll been ordered by mistake
Called them right after placing order guy said ok he will change but apparently he did not
3 no wasabi no ginger with 5 orders of sushi
But got three soy sauces
4 ordered beef terriaki dinner with miso soup requested medium rare beef ! Got overcooked rubbery beef and way undercooked broccoli
Half of soup been spilled at the delivery bag the rest of it was tasteless water
5. Avocado on rolls been old with dark dots 
6 gyoza soup had 2 gyoza and tasteless water
7 cani salad was descent in compare to whole order but no taste or spice 
Also had tempura crunch which makes salad looks nasty like someone put dandruff in it
Would not order from it again and don't recommend it to anyone. It's not cheap so don't waste your money on crap!This is our spot we always order group sushi from at work. We typically order from the Lunch specials and I specifically order the Sashimi...this time trying the Sushi & Sashimi Lunch Combo - happy and satisfied with my order. Once in a while they mix up the salad orders with the miso soup orders. Out of everyone, and every time we've ordered,  I've only heard one complaint about the sweet potato roll, but keep in mind they are particular. Solid place to order from.Cute little place, attentive service, and good sushi. Over all my boyfriend an I had a nice time and a good meal without feeling overwhelmed or pushed. I will be going back and will most definitely recommend them to others.Excellent sushi again on second time here BUT!!!!!
waitress took multiple phone calls (probably for takeout as the place was empty ) and delayed putting our order in. Then she and the sushi chefs started yelling to each other across the restaurant above our heads!  
It was NOT a pleasant meal despite the good sushi.
If you want this food, which I won't do again, do takeout.- Fast, friendly service
 -Entrees are well worth the price
- They offer gluten-free soy sauce and can accommodate dietary restrictionsKansai? More like RUDE_AI!  I ordered the Chicken Udon Soup....first of all-it smelled like sweat socks and was the size of an elephants head. I did not touch the soup. The smell of it alone was enough for me to say no thank you. I kindly explained to the waitress that I did not care for this. Instead of asking me if I wanted something else, she offered me a to go carrier. No thank you-I would like this to be removed from my check. We cannot remove this from your check since you ordered. Once you ordered there is "nothing we can do". Really? Good to know. She ever so kindly asked the manager who took 3 dollars off. I would've rather had ran around the block 7 times and did 5 jumping jacks and ate a 10 year old bag of doritos than this soup. I paid 15 bucks for edamame and a soda.First off, they forgot my California roll (that is supposed to be included in my bento box). I also ordered additional rolls which were spicy tuna and Kansai roll. I picked up the rolls with my chop sticks and they broke apart. Food was mediocre if even. Don't remember this place.I'll have to go back to provide a more meaningful review, but I went and checked out Kansai on Saturday and found it to be on the up and up. A dark space - it's below street level - with nice flooring and a step up from run of the mill furniture. 
When I went for lunch I was the only customer and service was great. They have a no-frills lunch menu that includes a 2- or 3- roll meal with soup or salad. And Bento boxes, which come with soup and salad. Their tea was quite good after the cold walk. 
I went with the sushi bento box, which included the option of either shumai or gyoza, one set of california rolls, and four pieces of fish. And extra rice. Everything was good. Not mind blowingly amazing, but not sketchy either. I also asked if they had ikura, since the menu didn't include a full list of their offerings. They did, and I enjoyed the presentation that included a sliced lemon. 
I don't know for how much longer, but right now the place is offering 20% off your check for their grand opening.
Here's a link to photos: http://mealsihaveeaten.blogspot.com/2011/04/sushi-bento-box-co-kansai.htmlGreat spot for sushi. They are a small place but they make amazing food and the service is always wonderful. They even do brown rice sushi which is a huge bonus for us! Not all sushi places do that.Ordered takeout from here and it was wonderful! Got the shrimp tempura Maki and philly rolls. Will absolutely continue to order from here.I love the food at Kensai, but they charge you for the little cups of sauce and they don't even fill them a quarter of the way up. I have asked them in the past to please fill them all the way and they told me they can't because "they are pre packaged."I've been ordering Kansai for years and their sushi is always fresh and delicious! My favorite place to order delivery sushi from and the people there are really friendly!I absolutely love this place!!!
as soon as i found out about it it's the only place I go to.
Never had a chance to say thank you.
SO guys, THANKS!
You are great!
delivery is quick, prices are amazing, rolls and salads are always fresh and yummy!
If you are looking for a nice quiet place to spend your night with couple of friends, definitely go there!
It's BYOB also! even better for the pocket.We just ordered delivery and it came in about 40 minutes, and was good quality. 
My only complaint is that I'm used to the Center City sushi places that have the 3 roll specials all day long, not just at lunch.I've eaten here about three or four times, but I've ordered from this restaurant from Grubhub all of the time.  It is super fast delivery and cheap sushi (without the cheap taste.)  I love their New Island Spicy roll and Fried Ika- the ika comes with small diced onions and is slightly sweet and peppery.  Their deserts are not too shabby either.  All of their other sushi is standard fair (tuna, salmon avocado, etc.)  Their Bento boxes are quite large for the dinner option- I ate two meals from the one box, though if you order this in the store, the portions are a bit smaller.  This is my "To-Go" delivery place when I am busy and I want sushi fast.The spicy girl roll is the best. The restaurants atmosphere is very nice. The service is great. This sushi place is a gem.Amazing sushi, not sure how I was so lucky to stumble on this place. Someone else called it a "hidden gem", and that I agree it is. Never had a bad experience here, honestly...go here a couple times a month (can't help myself). Hands down, besssttttt sushi I've had!!! Love the triple spicy roll, eel avocado, spicy salmon and tuna, and of course the California roll.  Have been sorely disappointed with other places since eating here.I ordered takeout in between my two jobs and it was great! They had it ready very quickly, the prices were low, the employees were nice and even double checked my preferences on what I ordered. I only got a sushi roll and some spring rolls but they were deliciousMy favorite and go to delivery sushi spot.  
1 star deduction because with seamless the delivery sometimes takes way over the time they estimate.This  is my fiance's and my favorite sushi restaurant. We have dined in the restaurant 4 times and had excellent service and food all 4 times. We also have ordered for delivery. The delivery was prompt and the food was, again, delicious. Despite being a such great restaurant, there never seems to be many people in there. So if you're in doubt about your next sushi experience, definitely go to Kansai, and get the Spicy Girl Roll.Great place for reasonably priced takeout sushi. I've never dined in here, so I can't speak on the atmosphere but delivery is always prompt and the fish is always fresh. 
My favorite is definitely the sweet potato roll, delicious!!!I'm giving it 4 stars because this is the most reasonable, decent sushi place that delivers to Temple University! I've never set foot in the actual restaurant, but delivery is always prompt, and they always follow my extra orders (cucumbers instead of crunch, handroll, etc.). I can tell that they try hard to get my order right. I ordered a special roll once and they called immediately after I placed my order to let me know that they were out of salmon but would be happy to substitute it for something else. 
Godzilla roll is a little too greasy/fatty feeling because of all the crunch, but they can hold it if you ask for it. Spicy roll combo is a great deal! The sushi quality here is pretty average imo (better than grocery store, but it ain't no JIRO!), but I am always satisfied after ordering from here.
Recommendations:
- yellowtail! salmon, tuna
- godzilla
- any of the special rolls, really depending on your preferences
- spicy maki combo
- lunch time combos
- dinner boxes (stay away from the tonkatsu though, it's pretty skimpy and you can get a better deal somewhere else)
- shumai
Stay away from the the salmon skin (was really weird and not the right texture or taste).As a stand alone sushi place it's not the most amazing selection, but as a sushi place that delivers its not half bad. Anything is better than leaving your house!Had a good dinner here a few weeks ago on a Saturday night with another couple. The restaurant was pretty empty for prime time on a Saturday night. Love that it's a Byob. The place is pretty small and clean. Our waitress was nice and the rolls are pretty large which is good but they also fall apart a little bit.  To be honest I cannot remember the specialty rolls that we ordered, but they were all good. I felt like our meal was very reasonably priced, and we all left feeling satisfied. Although it is not in a convenient location for us, I think we would definitely return in the future.What a great restaurant. it very inexpensive and the food was terrific. I just moved here from d.c. and was worried that we wouldn't find a good sushi joint. The fish tasted fresh and the rice was great. The service was perfect and the girls where really nice. I love this BYOB and no corking fee... The decorations make the atmosphere perfect. 
In short, this is a great place with great food and great people. go here!
p.s. in case you're wondering, my girl and I shared sushi and rolls. then we got a fried banana with green tea. it was a good cap to dinner :)This is a very welcome addition to the Spring Garden St. area. The fish for the sushi and the sashimi is always fresh and tastes pretty good. The service is good, but sometimes takes a little while. But when it does arrive, the presentation is interesting and the taste is great. It's BYO and takes all sorts of credit cards. 
It's a small space, but has never been crowded. I've been there for lunch on a weekday and dinner on a weekend and have never had trouble being seated. There are also seats at the sushi bar. 
I recommend going for lunch as their lunch sushi specials are a steal. The place is cheaper than Doma or Umai Umai, and I prefer it over those two.We ordered for pickup. Got our order, they left out an entire roll, shoved numerous rolls into one box and didn't give us any ginger or wasabi. All the bags were stapled shut so we didn't notice until we got home. When we called to discuss this issue, we were offered no apology, alternative or refund. We now just have to wait 45 minutes to get our roll. The guy was super matter of fact and just didn't care about the inconvenience. I told him I would put a review in and he just said, "you can do that." Extremely flippant and rude. At the end, when we told him we didn't get wasabi or ginger and to include it in the delivery, he just said, "okay" and hung up. We ate in here once and our experience was good, but maybe that was just awhile ago and service is just crappy now. Will never eat here again!Really fresh rolls, great portions. The delivery time usually takes about an hour so take that into consideration.Not really sure how it has a 4 star rating. I got delivery from here and ordered a roll, miso soup and milk tea. The tea was good, my first time trying this kind of drink but the soup and sushi was not as appetizing. The miso soup lacked flavor-and I'm a fan of it and enjoy a good miso soup. The roll was a soft shell crab roll, I compared it to the sushi place down the street I normally order from since they are the same price. This roll was much smaller, one of them had a piece of lettuce shoved inside part of the roll instead of other ingredients. Normally a soft shell crab roll that I'm used to will have a big portion of the crab and taste much better. I wouldn't get delivery from here again, but maybe they are better for dine in.I like Kansai, is good and cheaper than others restaurants around. 
Also they're super fast.Small cosy place with Delicious one of a kind sushi! Make sure to try the chef's special. Generous and fulfilling big portions. We were very pleased.I love this place. The staff is super friendly, the food is brilliantly presented, and I think it's very fairly priced. It's a small place, just a little cozy, and pretty quiet. When it comes to sushi in this area of the city people generally love Doma, but I say skip the hype and come here. You'll be happyToday I ordered my first takeout order
$11.07 including tax for their Salmon bento box (Salmon, broccoli, gyoza OR shumai, salad, miso soup, 6 pieces california roll and white rice)
Salad and dressing was good
Miso soup was really bland, wah! :( 
California roll, I've had better. This had more Cucumbers than anything, almost no imitation crab meat, double WAH
Broccoli and veggies were super bland, small piece of salmon -- pretty good
All in all, they do give you a lot of bang for your buck. But nothing I got today was delicious, so therefore I am sad.
I will give them 1 more try next week with the 2 roll lunch special
But right now, Kabuki still wins in my book.I am eating as I write this. 
I only order delivery from Kansai, which is way better than Mizu or Nara, and I have had the shrimp tempura roll, godzilla roll, spider roll and spicy tuna roll.
The rolls are sloppy. The gozilla roll started to come a part as I ate it. 
The one cool this about Kansai is their desert. I ordered their mochi ice cream and the fried cheesecake. The ice cream was interesting in a good way, the fried cheesecake was not. It was mushy and warm. IckThe sushi is all right, but it's really pretty pricey. Most of the sushi places I've been to in the suburbs are far more reasonably priced  than Kansai (they have half-price menus) and their sushi is way better. Honestly, I only order from Kansai because as a student I don't really have time to make food and when I've got a sushi craving, I can order delivery.It was a-ight. Was my mind blown? No. Do I have any complaints? Not really. A-ight.
I got the sushi dinner box. Not a bad deal. Not the cheapest deal in town either. I would have preferred more than 5 pieces of sushi. What I got was good, but pieces could have been a little bigger. The California Roll is what it is. I wish they had an spicy tuna roll alternative option, instead of wasting a roll on fake crab and vegetables.
The soup was kind of eh. The salad was iceberg lettuce mostly. Nothing too special.
Okay, okay. I know. It sounds like I'm saying it sucked. It didn't. Nothing above tasted bad. And, it gets better.
The shumai was as good as it gets. Very tasty. The gyoza was pretty good too.
The Tempura was also really good. Not the best, but certainly above average. But hey, it's probably hard to fudge up deep fried goodness. Just saying.
My wife got the Chicken Katsu. Like most things, it was decent, enjoyable, but not the best.
So, if you want something decent, something not super expense, but not cheap either, and your delivery options are likely to be slim, it's not a bad idea.I can't say that I have ever disappointed in a meal from this lovely place! The people are so sweet, and the quality of the food is not compromised when you call in for delivery. I always go for the classic california toll, but anything with crab is also super tasty. I ordered the sakura toll which hit the spot! Overall, food and locations are great :)Not awful, however, I don't think I will be a returning customer. 
I ordered the three roll lunch special and the "tod" specialty roll for take out. Here is a breakdown of why I can only give kansai three stars. 
The three roll special was mediocre. Three standard maki rolls, cut into six pieces each. Pretty standard deal. The quantity of fish to rice left me feeling cheated. Not as bad as Vic sushi bar in center city (which fills every roll with an insane amount of cucumber), however, no where near as good as Momiji which in my opinion serves up the best three roll combo in the city. 
Kansai's problems, 
1) Bad avocado, two of my rolls contained it and I couldn't even finish my meal. First of all there was way too much of it and secondly it tasted way too ripe. The texture was total mush and it made the unagi and ebi taste of nothing but old guacamole. (and it takes a seriously bad piece of fruit to overwhelm eel sauce). 
2) The spicy tuna was bland. This has been a problem at almost every mid range sushi bar I've visited in philly. With the exception of Izumi on east Passyunk (the best is my opinion) and momiji which at least has some flavor. This spicy tuna had nothing going for it. No flavor, not the freshest taste or texture and to make matters worse it was served with a crunchy filling component. I've had spicy tuna crunch rolls which are delicious when eaten immediately. I made the mistake of ordering this take out and ended up with greasy mush in my roll. If they stated that the 'crunch" was included on the menu I would have avoided it as a take out option. 
3) My specialty roll was a "hot mess". Literally the tempura needed to cool before it was rolled because I ended up with a sad, messy, warm roll where all the other components where preEvery time I go in here I'm very pleased with the results. They have awesome lunch deals my favorite is definitely the sushi lunch box- comes with soup and salad plus choice of white or brown rice with gyoza or shumai. I usually upgrade my sushi roll to a salmon avacoado for an up charge of $2. Overall I leave there with a full tummy and having spent less an $15.I ordered for delivery via Grubhub only because there was a special during finals week. (I ordered the dragon roll and the spider roll.) I was really craving some sushi and figured I'd try some place other than my typical and seeing as how this place had 4 stars, I chose this over Mizu.
When my order arrived, I immediately tore into my sushi. The first thing I noticed was  that the ginger slices were really old and dry. It didn't even look pink anymore! It was also extremely warm. As I ate the sushi, it was okay. Not bad, not great. The dragon roll tasted like any other. As for the spider roll, there was so much lettuce in there that I tasted more lettuce than soft shell crab. Again, not bad not great. My biggest concern, however, is the fact that I found a dead fly or some other bug with wings on my end piece of my spider roll!! Wings and everything! At first I thought it might have just been a sesame seed that had snuck itself onto that one piece, but I took a second look and kind of flipped it over, and there it was..arms crossed and wings stuck to the rice. It was absolutely disgusting. This was my very last piece of sushi that I had left, and it was a horrible way to end my meal. I'm so glad that I saw it when I did. 
Sanitation is a top priority for the food I put in my system. Never again.