Service was friendly and attentive, and the food was great!  
We had naan, the cauliflower appetizer, goat curry, lamb kabobs, and potatoes.  (I can't quite recall the Indian names for the entrees, and don't want to butcher them!).We had been walking a long way in the sun and were very hungry, so we were probably the most grateful diners this restaurant has ever had!  Factor that in when reading our glowing review.
We're from Tennessee and we love Indian food and eat it wherever we go (NY, DC, Atlanta...)  Still, this was the best vegetarian Indian food we have ever had. We ate off the buffet.  The Baingan Bharta (sp?) was amazing. The lentils were also delicious, better than usual.  The naan, the carrot dessert, the mango lassi, the chutneys...everything was absolutely delicious.  I hate to think that our Indian restaurants at home don't stack up, but the truth is that this was way better.  The food also seemed light.  Some American Indian restaurants throw in a lot of cream or use too much ghee (or some other oil) and it makes me feel weighted down and uncomfortable for hours after eating Indian food. This was not like that.
It was lovely and cool and dark inside and the waiters were friendly. The only downside: it was on the expensive side.  Still we highly recommend Karma.This is one of my favorite restaurants. Service/drinks are great. I miss their buffet but the food has always been worth it.Love love love this place!! Not only was the food incredibly delicious and beautiful, but the service was just perfect. The servers were so kind, helpful and thoughtful. Such a cute place, great dinner deal. Lots of food-naan was incredible. Everything. I'm just so sad I live out of town because id eat here all the time! So far, best food in Philly!I just had the most delicious Indian meal at Karma recently. The food brought back fond memories of food served in India. The decor is superb and the price for the entrees is pretty affordable considering the location of the restaurant.
For appetizers we had tootak - chicken wings. They were delicious. I had ordered a Kingfisher beer which complemented the food suprisingly well. For the main course we ordered Malai Kofta, Chicken Mughlai and Chicken Madras. The Malai Kofta is the best I have ever tasted. The gravy is delicious. The Chicken Mughlai seemed to have a similar gravy and it was as tasty. The Chicken Madras was not something I was really excited about and could be avoided.
The service was excellent and it was a really wonderful experience dining here. Highly recommended.Excellent food and excellent service. Mani was great at helping us make good food choices. All absolutely delicious. Happy we live around the corner. We will definitely be back. The $20 special makes this place a no brainer but don't forget to order some Naan with your meal (make sure it's the sweet one, can't remember what it's called.Here for lunch before matinee at Arden Theatre. Excellent vegetarian choices. We shared the Veg Thali and also a soup and salad, along with Veg Samosa. Wonderful variety and seasonings, with attentive and helpful service. If you're in or around Old  City, I suggest you check our Karma. We'll be back!My wife's first Indian food experience. Mani, the manager, was awesome. He took time and walked her through the different foods and flavors. She had tilapia and I had lamb. OMG it was awesome and what great service. Wish we were closer!Karma was off to a good start. I found myself in a very cool street with a nice evening vibe and I immediately liked the bistro-style of the restaurant as I walked through the door. The welcome and service by the waiting staff was really good and very friendly.
Unfortunately, it all fell apart when the food came, which I guess is the most important bit. The samosa appetizer just wasn't - a samosa, that is. The thick, doughy deep fried pastry was just wrong in every way and while samosas are meant to only be lightly spiced, the filling was almost devoid of any flavor except for the tang of not quite cooked potato left on the palate.
To me, it's always a bad sign when they ask how hot you want a curry sauce. Particular dishes in Indian cooking are defined by specific flavors and spicing, there are no varieties of heat for any dish. I have never been asked this question in India.
So, it didn't bode well for the butter chicken and, sadly, it lived down to my expectations. This dish is all about luxurious, smooth flavors and nothing to do with heat. This one was all about heat and was just wrong from its dark brown colour to muddy texture. On a positive note the rice was light and fluffy and the naan bread was fabulous but that's not enough to warrant a $35 bill for two dishes and a bottle of sparkling water. So very disappointing.Amazing food, excellent service and a wonderful atmosphere. We loved it here and will definitely come back! The staff were phenominal!This past weekend, I tried out the new location for Karma - it was awesome! They have a beautiful bar area upstairs which will be a great place to hang out for happy hour before grabbing dinner in the future. In addition to my original review -- other favorites include the Chicken Tikka Masala, Aloo Tiki Chaat, and garlic naan. My boyfriend loves the lamb chettinad. Mani, who was our waiter on Saturday, is always wonderful whenever we come in - he is simply the best! I already can't wait to come back again.What did we get? 
Appetizer: Tootak (tandoori chicken wings)
Assorted Naan bread basket: Garlic Naan, Tandoori Roti and Paratha 
Mango lassi 
Dinner: Lamb Chettinad (lamb cooked with roasted coconut, chilies, and ground spices) and Keema Mutter (lamb with peas and spices) 
Pros
1. Great ambiance 
2. Fast service
3. Extremely respectful and friendly staff 
Cons
1. Small tables 
2. Meal doesn't come with enough rice 
Overall: I only ate here once but this is now my FAVORITE spot for Traditional Indian Cuisine! I can't even begin to explain how perfect every moment was here. The food was absolutely delicious: tender meat, well seasoned, creamy, just an extra-ordinary taste. The staff were extremely friendly (even packed our leftovers for us) and were very attentive to our needs. I'm definitely going back!!Definitely the best Indian food in Philly! Restaurant is cute and in a great location, especially if you're planning a night out after dinner. We had a chicken dish and a lamb dish. Both meats were well prepared and spiced exactly how we requested. We also ordered a garlic naan which was gigantic (at other places, we would each order our own, but SO glad we didn't here!) definitely recommend!This is a great place. The food is excellent and I really enjoyed the service -- the servers were very friendly.my friend and i were in the area during that unfortunate time between lunch and dinner. we were both famished since we had missed lunch and decided to try this establishment because it literally was the first restaurant we stumbled across. 
i ordered off the menu, and my friend chose the buffet. my vegetable korma was tasty and filling. the only downside was that the waitress didn't ask how spicy i wanted my dish. therefore, the korma that came to the table was a little bland. my friend thought her food was acceptable - given that we came at the tail end of the buffet. both of us ended up paying about 12usd without tip. very reasonable...and the waitress let us sit and chat at our table for an hour or so after we finished eating because the restaurant was virtually empty. 
if i'm in the area and in the mood for indian food, i'll be sure to return here.We went together in a group of 6 and choosed the buffet menu. The menu included salad, alu tikki chat, idli- sambhar, pakoda, chicken biryani, dal makhani, pumpkin masala, butter paneer, chicken tandoor, goat curry. Not enough options for vegetarians. The goat curry was bland, chicken tandoor was flavourless. We ordered for a second batch of roti for our group and even after 40 mins, nobody turned up for it.  One of my friends had ginger ale for drink, it tasted horrible as if it has been diluted with water before serving.  We were charged with a gratuity of 18%, upon enquired the staff commented this as some US rule. Isn't it upto us to pay for the tips? Somewhat disappointed with the disparity between the good reviews here and our experience.I grew up eating a lot of Indian food and am pretty critical of most Indian restaurants. However, I really enjoyed the food and drinks and Karma. The waitress was fun to talk to and very patient with us. They offer a $20 dinner special that includes an appetizer, an entree and a glass of wine but we decided to go A La Carte instead. We were started off with some Papad (thin, savory Indian wafer) and Chutneys. We ordered Aloo Chaat and Paneer Tikka for our appetizers, both of which were delicious. 
For our main course, we ordered a variety of dishes family style. I particularly enjoyed the Butter Chicken and Lamb Chettinad accompanied with some Garlic Naan. Overall, I had a great time but wish the service were a little faster. I definitely want to come back here to give the desserts a try!Absolutely delicious! If you are on the hut for perfectly balanced and spiced Indian food I recommend karma for sure. Pricing is good,
Service is friendly and sauces are great. I love love love super spicy food, but my boyfriend doesn't so it's great they do a great job sticking to the 1-10 spicy scale on how hot you want it. Again I like super spicy so an 8 which is Indian hot had a nice kick, but I still could have taken it up a notch- just an FYI for you spicy lovers-- chicken madras is great!I was searching for a good place to get some authentic indian food so I figured I'd try this place. The food was amazingly good and the thing I loved most about it was that they had a range of spiciness for you to choose from (I'm a sucker for spicy food so this was just amazing!). You can choose from a level of 1-10 for how spicy you want your meal to be. I chose a 8 and it was little hard to get down (so just make sure you don't get anything to spicy that you can't even eat it)
Our waiter was very helpful in informing us on the dishes and making us make our decisions!(super hard cause I'm so decisive oops), So I'm very thankful!i've never eaten in, only got take out from the buffet during lunch.  for $10 they give you 2 containers to fill to the brim.  i am able to get 2 - 3 meals out of it.  i LOVE their food! and the gentleman that greets you is all smiles.Last night was the first time that I've had food from Karma and it definitely won't be the last. One of the major perks for me is that they participate with grubhub so I was able to have it delivered. I had the vegetable samosas which were cooked perfectly. The outside was a nice golden brown and the potatoes inside were chock full of flavor. I also had the chicken tikka masala. In my opinion this is one of the best that I've ever tried. Granted I haven't been to every single Indian restaurant in the world but I have been to quite a few and Karma's is at the top. The tomato and cream sauce was perfectly balanced, the chicken was very tender and I asked for it medium spice and it was just that. Usually most places even when you tell them medium they try to burn your insides up. This was perfect. Just spicy enough to amp up the flavor but not overpowering where all you taste is heat. But the item that sealed the deal for me was the galub jamun. This is by far one of my favorite deserts but I can't always get it. Again nothing but perfection for me. I can't wait to order from here again.On Sunday night my lovely date and I decided to go out for some Indian as I have not had it in a while and had that urge for it. We decided on Karma as the reviews looked positive, and it afforded us a nice long walk from Washington Square to Old City. 
We weren't expecting a wait, and there was not one, but they did ask if we had a reservation anyway, a sign of professionalism in my book, especially in case we wanted to eat here again and had to make one. 
The restaurant was quite large for an Old City establishment, and had a very modern decor fused with Indian decoration. Not what I would call comfortable, but there was clearly thought that went into it and it was quite pleasing to the eye.
We started off with an order of Samosas (my date somewhat embarrassed when I asked where the champagne and orange juice was - my idea of a bad joke) that were quite tasty - a nice battered outside that was crispy on all sides with plenty of flavor, and nice filling on the interior that was anything but bland which I find to be a problem with most Samosas. 
For our main courses we ordered Tandoori and Vindaloo with an order of Naan for dipping and scooping. The Tandoori was large in size with great visual and sound appeal - that sizzle along with the contrast of colors on the plate made for a great experience. If I could say one bad thing is that it was a tad dry, though I did not have a piece until later in the meal.
My Vindaloo was good - had a good flavor, though if it were me, I would have had it spicier and with more meat. In retrospect I could have ordered it spicier, so I am not holding this against Karma by any means. Besides heat it did have a great variety of flavors and it was cooked quite well, not to mention it was plentiful in quantity. 
The naan came out with the meal, as asked, and definitely did a good job of being an edible scooper - flavorful, held its shape, and was nice and hot. It is a Naan I could definitely make a meal out of. The same went for the rice - it was plentiful and had its own distinct flavor; it was not there just as a filler.
The reason I am giving this place 4 stars and not 5 is the service. The service was good; very attentive and quick, and definitely was service with a smile. I was also very impressed by their knowledge of the food being served. The negative part of it was that we had 3 people delivering our food, which made it confusing as to whose attention to attract when there was a question, or to ask for the bill. I understand this is more common especially in a busier environment, but it was not busy enough for this to be the case. 
Overall, Karma was a great experience, and I'd definitely revisit for some more delicious food and good service.Always a quality meal and the staff is very friendly which makes a huge difference. 
Looking forward to trying the new location.Nice addition to the Old City area restaurant "corner". At first the Bar part of the name got me thinking wether I want to go there as I wasn't looking for a bar environment. It totally is not a bar. It is an Indian restaurant and not a bad one. 
The food fine. Staff was really friendly.As an indian..its hard to get great indian food in the city but this is it..and in my opinion the only great one...they do some unique mixes like spicy tandori shrimp which is insanely good...also the service and the area is nice..This is probably one of the best Indian restaurants in Philadelphia. My family and I are from Texas and we were looking at good places to eat around the town. This restaurant happened to catch our eye. The hospitality and food is hands down amazing. I would come again! I gave it all 5 stars because our waiter was helpful, kind, and knowledgeable about the questions we asked him. Additionally, the food was to die for!!!This was my first Indian restaurant experience in Philly, and I'll definitely be back. We made a reservation on the website, and arrived about 20 minutes prior to it. We were seated immediately, and my dad promptly ordered a masala chai, which came out within minutes. The server was wonderful: she tactfully shared the specials with us, offered alternatives for dietary restrictions and was prompt and helpful. Our dinner did come out in a weird order, but again, our server went to investigate almost immediately. 
The food is delicious, too! I would recommend getting a lassi if you order spicy food--it's refreshing and cooling. The Paneer Tikka Butter Masala is insanely good and very filling. I will definitely return for another wonderful experience.With the yelp check-in discount, the (Sunday) buffet for two was $25.17+tip. The service was great & the food was even better! The background music was upbeat and complimented the cheery ambiance. I liked everything on the buffet. My favorites were the fresh salad bar, crunchy chick pea salad, pumpkin masala, and hot naan delivered to the table.Very pleasant experience. Extremely helpful and attentive service. Onion kulcha was good and "Spicy" chicken vindaloo was delicious. Full bar is nice change of pace from most Indian restaurants. Reasonably priced.Very good lunch buffet, and only $10.95. Disclaimer: I only tried vegetarian dishes.Great location (in Old City), great prices, great taste. I didn't even have to make reservations on a Saturday evening. Just walked in and was seated immediately.
Inside: I had such a pleasant experience. The restaurant's backroom is one medium-sized, compact room where they set several tables.. It kind of reminds of a coffee shop. 
Service: Friendly staff. The only thing is that I did feel a little rushed to finish eating/pay because they kept coming back to ask if we were done like every 3 minutes.. Not yet!!
Food/Drinks: I shared the Butter Chicken with a friend and it was a perfect portion for the two of us (we weren't thaaat hungry). Garlic naan is also amazing! Didn't try the drinks though.
I will be returning! Thanks Karma!The food quality and hospitality is worthy of 5+ stars but unfortunately Karma no longer has a buffet option for lunch.  Now it seems that the only Indian buffet in Center City is Minar Palace.  At their old location, extra naan was included with the buffet, now that it is table service only, extra naan is an additional $2 even when ordering a larger meal like the Thali.  Sadly, without the buffet, Karma is no longer a convenient or timely option for lunch breaks at work.Fantastic service (ask for Mani), great atmosphere, and the BEST Indian food you'll ever eat. I never question making the trip from South Jersey to Philly to go to Karma. Once you go to try it, you won't be able to stop going back!!Synopsis: Attentive service, pleasant cultural music/décor, quality food, decent prices...
PROS: As I mentioned I like the vibe inside, service was on their toes and friendly, food was good however Karma comes in #2 as my favorite Indian restaurant in Philly...#1 being Etka
Appetizer: The Chaat Aloo Tikki was really good...I love chick peas and if you do I recommend you order this dish...only recommendation I would have would be to include more potatoe patties
Entrée: Chicken Saag was flavorful and full of chunks of perfectly cooked chicken...Mutter Paneer was light in flavor...very creamy (buttery) but lacking that intense tomato flavor I like...still good nonetheless.
Overall I would recommend to everyone...solid restaurant... but there are some stiff competitors out their which only allows me to give 4/5 stars.Awesome buffet. . We are from CT and was here to visit PA places. Surprised why this restaurant has less reviews whee as food quality and service is very nice.
4 out of 5.This is my favorite restaurant. I've been coming here for years with my family. I've tried many different Indian places and this is the best by far. Absolutely love their nan and butter chicken, and the Dal Maharaja Punjab is my favorite of all. The mango lassi is a favorite among my sisters. Great, friendly staff (they recognize me when I come in!). Authentic food and cozy atmosphere. I always came for the buffet lunch but you can specifically order what you want if you come for dinner (the buffet selection varies). Definitely try it!Been here a couple of times and everything I've tried so far has been spot on. Easily one of the best Indian restaurants in Philadelphia.The food was extremely satisfying and flavorful. Best of all, is that they have many vegetarian options so you won't have to eat the same thing every time you go.We were seated promptly,and our order was taken quickly. It took almost an hour to receive our food, and in that time period we may as well not have been there for all the attention that was paid to us. Apparently they lost our order or it fell on the floor or something.
The woman that I spoke to about this couldn't have cared less, and offered no apology or discount.
The food was excellent, and I want to go back and see if we have a better experience some day. But, the level of service that we received while we were there makes weary of returning.Excellent dinner here on a weekday night.  The staff was attentive without being overbearing and the food was really solid.  My wife and I split an entree and naan for about $25.  The server accommodated our spice preference and had great recommendations.  I would come back anytime for tasty traditional Indian fare.Ehh stick to the basics and you'll be fine. My wife's chicken Timko masala was good. I got the fish fry for some reason and the fish was like really old/bad. He ended up giving me a 10% discount which was nice. But yea don't order seafood here it's a bad idea. Ambiance is nice for an old city place. I probably would give it another shot and just order some chicken saag.We went for buffet. It was not so great. Not many items. Empty vessels were not being filled right away at buffer. Second time we ordered MALAI KOFTA and it tasted awesome.I make it a point to eat here when I'm in Philly now! ive eaten here both lunch and dinner. The chutney is on point.  Their garlic naan is a favorite so fresh and airy, you must order this!  The chicken tikka masala is sooOooo delicious with perfect ratio of cream and tomato and sweetness. The lamb so tender. Veg pakora is fried very well not too oily.  Service is also wonderful and attentive.  Perfect date spot or dinner with friends.  Can't wait to come back!oh karma. 
here's the thing: a restaurant is inherently part good yes, but service is equally as important!
i'm actually starting this review while waiting for the food. 
it's a sunday evening of a long weekend, and our party of three called ahead to check wait time. that should be fine we were told. ok so then we make the trek here, only to find ourselves standing at the door next to a sign saying wait to be seated. ok we'll wait.
BUT here's the thing that started the decline for this place: if you say you're ready for a party of three when we say we're 10 minutes away, that should be the case. instead, we were standing some 10 minutes before we were paid attention to, and then, more afterwards. you know it's concerning when the others behind us waiting are debating going somewhere else. also, the party dining asked if the place was understaffed, because the service had been poor. 
finally-- we're seated. we have to flag down the waiter because no one came back. also, get this: we're seated upstairs where there's plenty of tables...so why were we waiting???????
the bathroom has one light fixture working so kinda dim. 
as for the FOOD, we'll scratch that because ONE HOUR AFTER ARRIVING WE'RE STILL WAITING for the food, and apparently the 20 + 5 minute wasn't kept. the owner arrives now, but honestly??? sadly the other party is still waiting. 
SO 30 minutes of waiting later, the food arrives. luckily the food was pretty authentic which gives karma a star. 
to top it off, the anise seed mix at the door is stale and rather sugary than normal. 
it's a shame because i'm visiting from the west coast.
needless to say, i won't be back.My husband and I are visiting Philly for the weekend and were craving Indian for dinner tonight. This place was WONDERFUL. The food was piping hot and absolutely delicious and the service was friendly and prompt. Go there! You will leave very full and VERY happy!Karma is my favorite indian restaurant in Philly- hands down the best.  I have eaten at the restaurant on numerous occasions and ordered takeout on almost a weekly basis and have never once been disappointed by the food or service.  We usually order the Malai Kofta and Saag Paneer- both dishes are the best I've ever had at an indian restaurant and are ALWAYS spiced to our liking.  The Aloo Papri Chat is perfectly prepared- not too watery or soggy at all.  We have tried the lunch buffet here as well and all the dishes we tried were excellent.  They do not deliver, but its worth the walk to go and pick up your food for sure.  The ambiance in the restaurant is modern and relaxing and they are usually playing tabla influenced drum and bass whenever I'm there.  Good selection of indian beers.  Tasty chai tea as well.  Don't bother with Tiffin, come to Karma.Very good food.  I'm really not much for this type of food, due to the fact that it's very spicy for me, but it was very tasty.  There are less spicy options and the staff will take orders to your liking when possible.Come here for affordable weekday buffet! 
This is an indian restaurant in old city. My friend and I were lured in by the buffet which was like $13 or so per person at lunch. The ambiance was a little strange for lunch because it was a little dark in the eating area closer to the back. It is far from the window. 
They have a decent array of foods for the buffet. I particularly enjoyed the butter chicken and the fried pakora. I also thought the naan was good. I thought though that some of the food was a little cold. Although all the gas burners were running and heating the food, some was not hot. 
The rice pudding dessert was good too, though I think one of the toppings, maybe the tamarind topping, was super sour and was definitely a miss. The Gulab Jamuns (like an oily indian buffet) had a good flavor but the texture was very oily, almost too much so.
Service was OK - they subtlely wanted to encourage you to finish but that is expected for a buffet.Girlfriend and I went here, great little spicy treasure in Old City. We ordered the Malai Kebab; I was a little skeptical because there was no kind of sauce that came with the dish(I was afraid it was going to be too dry), but man was I wrong! The chicken was tender and juicy with just the right amount of spiciness. Portions were enough that we could share and, coupled with the Naan side that came with it, we were full by the end of the night.
Service was awesome and attentive too( the waiter even came back to repour our leftover beer into our glasses). Great place, I'll definitely be back.Quick Summary:
- Fresh ingredients and everything tasted good!
- Most of the dishes weren't so spicy, only a selected few
- Seats filled up fast
- Mild but cool air conditioning
After eating cheesesteaks, we wanted to try something different, but everyone we asked recommended cheesesteaks. Eventually, we looked up on yelp and found this restaurant. It also happened to be on Market Street, where we often walked past, and it always grabbed our attention. 
We went there first thing in the morning, minutes after it opened, so they were still in the middle of preparation when we took our seats. The display was beautiful and it was fun to try each dish. When the restaurant was officially open, we piled a plateful of food, and I still wasn't able to fill in half of the available options (I tried these on seconds). 
I have low spice tolerance, so I was glad there were more mild spice dishes over spicy ones. The cauliflower curry was one of the dishes that took me by surprise on how spicy it was. My favorite one was the chickpea salad and the curry with peas in it.
It had been a while since we had rice, so we were really pleased.tasty good Indian food of places I have been we were pleasantly surprised stoppe by on wat the theatherI am so glad to see a collection of rave reviews for this Indian restaurant.  I was a fortunate attendee of their lunch buffet.  
To me, Indian food is as comforting as food gets.  I think it runs in my genes, as my parents are avid Indian food fanatics and the gene has been passed down to me.  However, I tend to not regularly frequent Indian restaurants, as it is considered an indulgent treat.  I've only experienced a few Indian lunch buffets here and there, in the several cities I've lived in (ie. Austin, Boston, Nashville).
That being said... this is the best Indian lunch buffet I've ever had.  It was SO good, and there was such a large variety of foods offered.  The buffet did start out with an array of salad-y foods, all of which were interesting and tasty.  Then.. there was this beautiful round-plate display of chickpeas, vegetarian samosas, pakoras, and even a mashed potato or chickpea food that added flavor and character to the display.  It's hard for me to describe this so you can picture it, but imagine a heaping serving of curried chickpeas in the center, surrounded by layers of mashed potato/chickpea, fried appetizers and naan bread.  Sound too enticing to handle?  It was that enticing.. and that good.
There were several hot dishes offered, though it's a little too long ago now for me to remember every one.  I know there was dal, or lentils.  There were two chicken dishes, one saucy and one a dryer curry.  Both were good, the saucy one in particular.  This was not your standard tikka massala.  Thankfully.
There were two different desserts offered.  Some other reviewers claimed they were too full to try.  Well... there's always room for dessert.  The kheer (rice pudding) had an interesting texture, less pudding like and more grainy I'd say.  
What a fabulous find in a fabulous neighborhood of Philly.  If I find myself in the City of Brothery Love (and great food) and someone exclaimed "Indian".. I'd know exatly where to go.Second time trying the lunch buffet and it was delish both times!  We arrived right when they opened and everything was hot and fresh.  Buffet includes dosa and naan brought right to your table.  They also offer variety, plenty of vegetarian dishes and meat as well.  Plus, they switch up the buffet options, the choices were different from our last visit a month prior. Overall, high quality, affordable, friendly staff.Stopped in for the lunch buffet, selection was pretty limited but it all tasted really good!!I became a fan of this spot. The food is full of flavor, very well presented and very reasonable prices. The staff is super friendly, knowledgeable and professional...they seem to really like what they are doing and that adds extra comfort and value to this place. If you are not sure about what to order ask them and they will help you selecting the best dish for your palate. The amount of food is perfect....the garlic bread is delicious and the chicken wings are a must have as appetizer. The chicken and the goat dishes were also very good. Totally recommend!!.One plate idli at this place means one single idli. This is theft. For $6 that is not worth it. Every other place on this planet will give two pieces. Plus the sambar was stale.Really wonderful food, nicely spiced and with a menu variety we've never seen, although we frequently dine in Indian restaurants. Service is prompt and courteous. Tables are too small though.The food was very nicely made and hot. The chili chicken was very nice.The service was ok but not great.We had to wait a little bit but all the appetizer came at one shot and all the main dishes came all together.There is one disclaimer though when we called to get a reservation the person who answered the phone was saying you wouldn't get a seat and that they were fully booked.It was like she didn't want us to come. But when we came we got a table in a few minutes.It was a overall a good experience though and would recommend it.Very Unprofessional service.  Restaurant closed when we had reservation confirmed. Had reserved table for 10 pm through OpenTable app, called and confirmed appointment as well. As we were driving from Delaware, we got late on road , called to restaurant to inform that we were going to be late by 15 mins and would arrive by 10:15 pm. Hostess on phone said that they would accept us. When we were 2 mins away from restaurant, we got a call at 10:10 pm and were told that manager decided to close the restaurant and we were stranded in the middle of nowhere in freezing sub zero temperatures. No humanity at all.Strong review called me here, and I was not disappointed. Finding delicious, authentic, quality Indian food doesn't happen every day in Philadelphia, and Karma is a wonderful gem in Old City. The free bread with tahini sauce was delicious, the food was appropriately spicy, and the atmosphere was warm and friendly. It was a bit dressy, with a mostly 30-somthing crowd and many couples, but the prices were affordable and, most importantly, the food was great. Give it a try!First visited this restaurant in 2007, the tomato gravy is outstanding! 2nd visit was great as well. The Kandari naan is the best I've ever had!This place is pretty good with casual attire. I personally liked chicken tikka masala!It's been too long- I cannot wait to get back here. I enjoyed all of my food and great convo with people at the bar! I only took one pic of my meal- Saag. YUMMMMMMMY!!! The staff are nice also. Please visit.That ambiance was cozy, the staff was friendly, the price was just right and best of all the food was GREAT!!
The chicken tikka and tandoori shrimp are must haves!!
I've had the pleasure of eating in and having it catered and both times I was not disappointed. 
Hands down the best Indian restaurant in Philly!!The food here is great , used living social to try karma and I was not disappointed , will definitely come back , the staff is wonderful and nice ...VEGETARIAN REVIEW:
Entree:
Malai Kofta was amazing! Flavorful! You can ask for spicy or even "indian spicy" (which is apparently really spicy). I went with the medium, but then thought it wasn't spicy enough so the cute waiter was nice enough to bring out this hot chutney/sauce that I could add in to make it as spicy as I wanted (guess he knew I was picky)! It solved the problem and it was absolutely perfect.
Naan was so fluffy and warm, but not overly soft (which would then taste undercooked). 
Bar:
They do card. And, I'd suggest the mango martini or the berry martini (or as they call it... Karmatinis, LOL!)
Beer:
No craft beers! Eulogy (wide selection of beer) is on the same block though! And plus, who drinks beer with indian food?
Service:
Great! Usually fast, but sometimes the waiters got caught up with other customers. But they were attentive, made drinks fast, answered all questions and dealt with all of my picky-ness! This one waitress is also super hot! Don't let her body deter you away from your date, fellas!
Atmosphere:
First date worthy! Dark, romantic ambiance. 
I would eat here everyday if it were closer and would DEF recommend it to all my fellow vegetarians.We been to this palace twice and both times we liked food and service.the lady (server)she's awesome and respectful.must try goan fish curry :)Was there last Friday and not only was the food amazing, the staff was very friendly and attentive. I am very picky about where I spend my nights out and this place was definitely worth it. Can't wait to go back.This is the best Indian food in Philly, hands down. Mani, a wonderful server, took care of my mother and I. He recommended the Lamb Chettinad, and we also got the Butter Chicken and samosas. 
The Lamb was SOOOO DELICIOUS. The chunks of lamb are moist and tastes like it'd been stewed for hours. The chicken is a favorite, and the perfect thing for folks wanting something a little bit more adventurous than the regular ol Tiki Marsala. I've eatin here too many times. #bestindianinphilly (and they're lunch buffet is back ) THIS IS A MUST TRY!My co-workers and I love Karma! We go for the lunch buffet a lot!  The staff is super friendly and attentive. They really make you feel welcome and the food is delicious.I actually got lost coming here because Google maps sent me to their old location. There were lots of actual Indian people here, which I think is a good sign that the food is authentic. The lamb curry tasted great to me.Of all the Indian restaurants South Jersey and Philly have to offer, Karma is hands down the best. They have great drinks, great service, and amazing food. If you like spicy and haven't been satisfied with spice levels elsewhere, this is the place to test out those taste buds. The "Karma Spice" is the highest level and it left my mouth perfectly numb as I had hoped.
Their Lamb Vindaloo is the best I've had anywhere and I have been to literally every Indian restaurant within a 50 mile radius. They have a great Old fashioned, and their new location is much more appealing than the last. I will definitely be making Karma my go-to Indian restaurant from now on and I look forward to trying out every other dish they have on the menu. 
Enjoy!Came here a few months ago and ordered the thali, achar, lassi which I thought were great. The servers were also very pleasant and prompt. 
I called in today and they are no longer doing the thali special which they have replaced with a lunch buffet. I personally preferred the thali option.This is probably the best Indian I've had in Philly! Delicious, fried food not to greasy, nice ambiance. Go!I am Indian so I know what authentic Indian food should taste like. You cannot go wrong with any of the choices here. Their naan is cooked to perfection. Chicken Tikka Masala has the right amount of spices. Fish Vindaloo is the freshest Indian fish I have ever tasted. Keep it up guys from management, cooks, to the servers. Everyone is doing a great job and hope many many years of the same kind of service, quality, prices and selections.I have pretty high standards for Indian food (my mom is a great cook), but this place is delicious. I go there every couple of weeks when I'm craving good Indian food. They have a nice $20 dinner special that includes a glass of wine, an appetizer, and an entree.
For the appetizer, I got the aloo chaat. It's basically potatoes with yogurt and crunchy fried bits. It's nothing amazing, but it does the job. Paneer Makhani is my go-to entree. It's the perfect combination of sweet and spicy. It's also not too oily or too creamy. I love it! Recently I also tried the Palak Paneer, and loved it too. The best thing about Karma though is their Naan. It is absolutely perfect. It's really big (easily serves two people). The Naan seems like its freshly made. It's on the thinner side, but still super fluffy I really like garlic, so we usually order the Lasooni Naan. 
I also really like the drinks here. I don't know how much alcohol is in them but they are delicious. I can't remember the exact names, but the first drink we tried was this mango cocktail. It's basically a spiked Mango Lassi, and a must for any mango lover. My favorite though was the Mumbai Mojito. It came in a cute mason jar. 
The only thing about Karma that's subpar is the service and the ambience. The service is a little slow and the place looks a little dingy. 
Overall though this is a great place if you're craving quality Indian food.Quality Indian cuisine in a nice and relaxed setting. Tandoori platter was the stand out but the Chicken Biryani could do with some work. Uninspired pedestrian service was the only let down. Give it a try.Great food. If you love Indian food and spicy, this is one of the best places around.Excellent Indian food - my favorite is the Tikka Masala chicken.  The chicken they use is a good quality, unlike another Indian restaurant I've tried in town (Passage to India) where I received all dark meat and it was very gristly and unappetizing.  They have a great variety of nan, although I was disappointed to see there was no Puri (deep fried nan) on the menu.  Another small small disappointment is that they only have one "level" of spicey.  Im used to having the option to order my Indian "mild", "hot", or "spicey".  It's spicey enough to content me here at Karma, but if you want something face sweatingly spicey I've not found it here.  (Order yours "spicey" at Aman's in East Norriton for that!)   
The restaurant itself has a nice ambiance, and a fairly extensive weekday lunchtime buffet.
This restaurant also houses the tastiest cocktail I've yet to drink in Philadelphia.  It's a mango martini and is absolutely exquisite.
I know I will be a regular here!I am obsessed with their lunch buffet. Hands down the best Indian buffet I have been to, and I have been to most of the one's in Philly as well as many in other cities. Great selection, great tasting, vegeterian friendly, and great staff. It is a must visit if you like Indian food.