WARNING!!!!!!!!
For some reason my prior post had gotten deleted...
I am posting again for all those who wish to visit there. But I highly suggest you don't !!!!!!!
I had visited this establishment tonight and was HIGHLY disappointed in the food.
The last time i had dinned here was about 6 months ago and thought tonight I would give it a second chance ..... Well burger king would have been a better option.... I had ordered a cheese burger with swiss RARE(knowing all places over cook thir meat) The burger came out well done .... What a suprise..... The bartenter insisted i get another one and I took her advice (sending back food to the kitchen results in the cook putting somthing unpleasant in your dish) I recieved my 2nd burger and it wasn't cooked properly again and the fries that were on my 1st plate were on the 2nd plate with my once again over cooked burger.... My meal was "comp'ed" but I am highly disappointed and I suggest to anyone thinking about visiting this establishment you eat before; such as WAWA or Burger King that way you have a full stomach and arent inclined to order from their overpriced.... piss poor menu ..... I believe that the Food Network(Resturant Impossible) should visit this resurant because it is in dire need of some help.... I don want to sound like a normal complaining customer but I have over 10 years in food resturant experience and I am sorry that the Irish heritage is affiliated with this establishmentHad lunch with my daughter it was our first time there gotta say food was excellent,I ordered the French dip with Swiss cheese asked for a little extra gravy with it. They brought me a large bowl of gravy,beef was so fresh and tender. My daughter had the cheesesteak she said the steak was like butter.gotta say though our bartender Stephanie was superb very pleasant gave us excellent service.we will be going backIt was a beautiful night last night so we went to see the car show and eat dinner outside on their patio. Unfortunately, we decided to eat first and then look at the cars. Service was excruciatingly slow. I ordered the Scallop Lollipop appetizer. We waited over an hour for our meal to arrive. If one of us hadn't gone inside and inquired about our food, we would probably never have been served. Our waited disappeared and never came to apologize for the extensive wait or offer and explanation for the lengthy delay.
It was 6:00 when we were seated and we watched the sun set and the cars begin to leave as we were waiting. When the food finally arrived, it wasn't even worth the wait. Food was lukewarm at best and tasteless.
By the time we were fine, it was past 8:00pm and only a handful of cars were still there.
Next time we go to the car show there we will make sure to eat somewhere else.
Nothing was ever mentioned in the way of an apology or any accommodation made for the lack of service and poor food quality.I don't recommend the corn beef and cabbage.  It is basically a bowl of cabbage with tiny strips of corned beef mixed in.  The corned beef was fatty.  I sent it back and got a burger.  Pretty disappointing for an "Irish" pub.Food is terrible!!! The French onion soup was cold and the wings weren't fully cooked. It's sad because I have been there a few times. And the server! He needs to check his cleanliness! He wasn't the most pleasant to be around to say the least, it was awful and I was embarrassed. He was sweating a lot and seemed to be the only server working. He was without a doubt overwhelmed, we didn't even get napkins and yes we did ask, thankfully my wife carries wet ones in her purse...I do enjoy the fact that it's close but I will mitre turn. When I want good wings and soup, I will go to Currans or The Taggert house..There is an even better reason to take the Woodhaven Exit from I-95 than the mall: The beautiful and richly-appointed Katie O'Donnell's Irish Pub. The owners, Ed and Dave, have missed no amenity or detail here. This grand space has 40 televisions---including a 140 inch HD model, which is flanked by eight 50 inch plasmas---on which all of the area's major sporting events might be enjoyed. Simultaneously. An awesome sight and happily reminiscent of Reverend Jim Ignatowski's wall of televisions in the old Taxi series. 
At the expansive granite bar, one can enjoy a Guinness or Smithwick's on tap (among other well-edited offerings). Meanwhile, those of us with handbags are grateful for the very thoughtful addition of under-bar bag hooks. But enough about the decor . . . 
Katie O'Donnell's fare was delicious. The fish and chips were very well done (all that was missing was the newsprint wrapping). The breading was both crisp and light (fried batter perfection, I'd say). From my dinner companions, I heard positive adjectives and yummy sounds made about the burger and the shepherd's pie. Looking forward to many, many return visits.Came in on a Saturday night and oldies music was blaring. I mean blaring to the point that it was annoying. They have a dj that is out of date. Food is mediocre and expensive. Many of the appetizers were the same price as a burger or wrap. Beer tasted like lines haven't been cleaned for some time. I thought it was unprofessional that the owners walk around drinking instead of taking care of business. This place has potential but is being neglected.By far the best restaurant and bar in Northeast Philly. The staff is attentive and quick, food is delicious, liquor is top shelf and most importantly its extremely clean. I come here at least once a week and have never been disappointed. I tell everyone about Katie O's and cant wait until St. Patty's Day!Atmosphere was good. Staff was nice. But the food and drinks were horrible!  Think they water down the rum. Three drinks later and no buzz. I'm a total light weight!!!I'll give it a one star only because I enjoyed the outside seating atmosphere on this beautiful day. However, the food was not even great. There was no taste of garlic or parmesan on the wings I had to add salt and pepper to get some taste out of it. Also the server asked us if we wanted fries or chips with our sandwich & wrap. What upset me was she never told us we would be upcharged an additional $2 each for the fries which only upsets me because I've waited on table for more than 10 years and I would have never offered "fries or chips" without explaining their is an upcharge for the fries. Once I asked her about the upcharge being on tgw bill she apologized and explained that's how all the servers take orders and kept referring to the prices being on the menu like I should have known prior. I even asked if I could substitute and get something else while ordering my wrap and she said sure but it will be $3 upcharge. This was a great time for her to tell me hey by the way those fries are $2. Crazy! It's not about the stupid $4 It's about sneaking $4 on my bill not cool at all and very untrustworthy.We celebrated Mother's Day at Katie O's today. Although crowded, it never felt that way. Attentive staff and good service. The Brisket Nachos we started with were flavorful and loaded with brisket. I had the Daddy Mac Burger which was an elevated Big Mac as described to me by my son, and it didn't disappoint! Nice touch as we left to be given a rose and hand made bag of bath crystals with a poem for moms.Burger was good. $4.95 for a 12oz blue moon is a bit much. Decided to get The bucket special for the flyers game. Turns out it's only for home games. What?!  That's dumb.Steve K is my new best friend, because his review is spot on; looks great, real potential, underwhelmed with the food." I'll take it one step further and say the food is BAD. Maybe not uneatable, but ABSOLUTELY, disastrously, unabashedly out of proportion with cost:quality. Ok, let me recap MY experience:
We went a few nights ago for the football game and to use our groupons that entitled us to $25 worth of food. We sat down and were met by our waitress. We told her about the groupons, and she said she would get them later. She was amazingly disconnected and made about every mistake a waitress could make. She was terrible. (sorry, but true) We placed our orders and she was off to put them in. The table next to us was meeting their waitress and we overheard her telling them the nights specials, which our waitress didn't tell us. We caught our waitress going by and stopped her and asked her if there were specials. She said, "oh yeah," but didn't know what they were. We decided to stick with our original order: boneless chicken wings and fries for me, fried pickles for the misses, rack of ribs and french onion soup for my friend, and steak for his wife. We also got a margharita pizza for the table. 20 minutes later, our waitress comes back and tells us that they forgot to make the fried pickles and french onion soup, but all the other food was ready. After deciding that she just bring whats ready to the table, she told us that she'd bring the pickles and soup out when ready, but that they would be on the house. So, so far, its got its issues, but nothing that would prevent me from coming back.....but then the food came out. First of all, even if I were to come back here, I will NEVER, EVER, EVER order a pizza from here again. We ordered a margharita pizza; what we got was a digiorno cheese pizza with some chopped up jersey tomatoes and literally 4 ribbons of basil. It was EMBARRASSING. It looked terrible and tasted like they brought the box instead of the pizza. If I was rating on this pizza alone, O'Donnells would OWE stars in the review. It was seriously ATROCIOUS. My wings were OK, and thats the same review I got for the steak and ribs. "Meh" seemed to be the general consensus. After a few minutes, the fried pickles and french onion soup made it out. The pickles got eaten, (review...."meh." Go figure.) but the soup sat, uneaten on the table until my friend told the waitress that she could take it back since he didn't want it anymore. After eating, we were brought the check. Not only had she not applied the groupons, but she charged us for the fried pickles and UNEATEN soup that she said they were not charging us for. (Total price, $95.) We asked the waitress to please apply the groupons and she told us she would have to split the check to do so. We were fine with that, but assumed she would split is evenly down the middle. We got back 2 checks, one for $32 and one for $18. It appeared she just randomly applied things to the separate bills. Ugh....she was trying our patience. I dropped a 20 in cash for the $18 bill and we told the waitress to put the rest on a credit card. It came back with TWO charges; one for $28 and one for $4. WTF?
The reason I'm not giving O'Donnells 1 star or suggesting that someone take a wrecking ball to the side of it was that it was very nice inside. There are PLENTY of tvs to watch the games and just a nice atmosphere to hang in. I would rather boil and eat my shoe than eat there again, but I wouldn't mind going for a few drinks to watch the Eagles. 
I cannot stress enough just how deplorable the pizza was, but if you just want to pound some beers or imbibe some spirits and watch something on the big screen, I guess you could do a lot worse. Just make sure you go there full.I really want to like this place, it's in the neighborhood, the clientele is good, bartenders are friendly, but the handful of times I was here to eat the food wasn't good. It's a good place to hangout and drink, not eat.2nd time I came here. 1st time we waited for ever for our food. Food was blah. Decided to give it another try. This time way worse. Ordered 3 appetizers and 1 French onion soup. Waiting 37 minutes for it to come out and food had barely
Any flavor. Did not enjoy at all. Will not be coming back here unless it's just for a drink.DOG FRIENDLY!! My 4 star rating is really just for the dog friendly atmosphere and the great service we received (both towards us and the dog got 5 star service). The food is average at best, the menu does state that new things are coming. I'm hoping they revamp the menu and add more vegetarian and better quality food. I have high hopes for this place as NE Philly really lacks any pooch friendly patio options.Saw an ad in the NE Times and decided to check this place out.  It's in the building that used to be a Mexican Post (and Don Pablo's before that).  Went on a Friday night and it was packed.  Fortunately we did not have to wait for a table.  It was quite loud in there due to the high ceilings, but this is expected in a bar type restaurant.  There was a small deck outside that seemed to have a private party.  Our server (Mary Theresa) was awesome - attentive, upbeat and friendly.  
We ordered the Guinness Beef Stew and a Chicken Sandwich.  The food didn't take too long to come out.  It was served hot and tasted great.  I would order either of these entrées again.  I thought the prices were reasonable.
I agree with the previous poster that it does seem to be a bit older crowd at the bar.  We were there for dinner, so we didn't care.  We'll go back.Great lobster bisque and garlic Parmesan hot wings but the Shepherds Pie was sent back. The potatoes were sour. The waitress told us that she talked to the cook and he said it was because they had Parmesan Cheese in them   Many other people sent them back too and now the cook said he will change the recipe. Good.Beers are over priced, food is awful. Outside seating is nice, waitresses are all prty easy on the eyes, place has a good atmosphere for drinking beers it definitely has potential nice setup to watch games inside too. Management needs to get better specials and a complete overhaul of there menu.The restaurant itself is fine, our server was great but the food was below average. We got hot wings which were so dry and overcooked we literally ate two. The fried pickles were juicy on the inside but overcooked on the outside. We also got crab balls with what was supposed to be cocktail sauce but it tasted like ketchup mixed with marinara sauce. The coconut shrimp was supposed to have a sweet and sour sauce but it was weirdly laid on a plate covered in what tasted like a thinned out vanilla pudding mixed with a raspberry sauce. Honestly we could've gotten better food at a diner. I definitely wouldn't recommend this place to anyone.I have been to Katie O's several times since it has been opened to hang at the bar.  I have ordered food 3 different times and it has always been a small appetizer.  Opening night I had ordered potato skins which took an hour to come out; okay it was the first night, I'll cut them a break.  However, waiting an hour and having cold food come out is not cool.  A week later I decided to order the nachos, my wait was cut to 45 minutes but still served cold food.  Nachos?  C'mon not that hard to serve warm- let alone pay $13 for them.  I've been several places, mostly in the city that serve nachos and they are no where close to $13 more in the $9 ballpark and are served hot.  Last night while out watching the Phillies game I ordered their Bourbon Wings- the sauce was good, but again waited 35 minutes in an empty restaurant on a Sunday night for cold wings.  After the server took them back to get them reheated, another 10 minutes- still returned to me cold.  I have yet to get past the appetizer menu because each experience  has been bad and I won't pay for a meal if they can't get simple apps right.
All in all, they did a beautiful job with the place and it looks great.  They have a very friendly staff working there as well.  I do enjoy $2.50 Miller Light and Coors Light during games as well.  I think hanging out and drinking for the night is a good way to spend you time at O'Donnels because if you go for food you will be waiting quite awhile for room temp meal.Very loud don't go if u plan to talk. Drinks are moderately priced and food was okay.Went here today for a St. Patricks day lunch. Decent beer prices, the food was "meh", a little on the pricey side, but if I was looking for bar food and drinks not bad. The fish and chips were a little greasy and bland. The ham and cabbage looked like it was cooked separately and then thrown together. Bottom line stick to the bar and the bar food and you won't be disappointed.Lunch Review Only:
Katie's a huge place.  I've been here for lunch with a small group on several occasions. It's never really packed at lunch so no wait for a seat or for food.  The selection for lunch is pretty extensive, but I usually stick with the cornbeef sandwich.  While I would not argue it is the best cornbeef I've ever had, its a healthy portion which meets my taste requirements.  All sandwiches come with homemade chips and a pickle, but you can upgrade to fries if you'd like.
The staff is awesome.  Besides being huge, the place is pretty clean and open as well.  I imagine some good happy hours on their outside deck in the summer.  Overall, my limited experience has been A-Ok, but I see the potential for more.I've been to Katie O's at night for a few drinks and apps with friends, and I've always loved it there. Well, Katie O's took my love for them to a whole new level! the patio is dog friendly!! We had lunch today and was able to bring our puppy with us. It was so nice - our waiter offered our pup treats and a bowl of water when we sat down. It was a really nice day and can't wait to come back!!Last Sunday I had a baby shower for my daughter. Was told I could do the outside weather permitting. The morning of we chose the outside. The manager said that was fine but when we went to set up we were told by the waitstaff we had a less then 2 hour window because a band was book there. Funny, the manager didn't mention that 2 months ago when booking or the morning of. She also never came in to check to see how everything was or apologize for the double booking. Instead I saw her all afternoon with a glass of wine in hand socializing with patrons outside. The food came out tasty and fast except the turkey clubs. Over 8 people, including the mother to be, at the shower had to wait 45 minutes longer then the rest of the party for their food to come out. Seriously!!! It's bread,lettuce, tomato,and cold turkey!! Later I  had to walk around the restaurant to find somebody to cut the cake for us. The manager didn't even come in at the end as I stood  there waiting for 20 min for someone to make settlement on the bill. Never again!The pastrami is amazing and is the best I have ever tasted. They smoke their own out back. Not much of an atmosphere but one of the few places in the area to dine outside.The food is awful! Pretty pricey too. The only redeeming quality is the outside and the tiki bar. Pat the bartender is great!I'm probably being kind by giving them even 2 stars, but I'm feeling nice today.  First off, we ordered Smithwicks, and it was flat.  And that set the tone for the entire visit.  My husband got soup and salad, and he ordered Caesar salad and chicken noodle soup.  Luckily he got the dressing on the side because that was the nastiest Caesar dressing either of us had ever tasted.  So he ate his lettuce dry.  The chicken noodle soup was all noodles with a few pieces of dark meat chicken thrown in it.  No veggies or anything.  Let's put it this way, he left there still hungry.  I had the Guinness stew potato skins which in concept were a great idea, but the execution could have been way better.  The plus side is that the potatoes were cooked very well, but the Guinness stew on top was pretty bland.  Service was just ok as well.  There's no way we'll be returning here.Tonight was the second time I have been here, but the first time I ordered food.
Our server was very good. He was attentive and had a great attitude. We ordered the fried green beans, which were just OK. I wouldn't order them again, but they were edible. My wife ordered a turkey wrap and she was very pleased with it as the Turkey was roasted on-site and fresh. I ordered the Corned Beef sandwich since they indicated that they corn their own beef. The sandwich delivered! The corned beef was exceptional. So much better than the lunch meat style corned beef at most other bars. 
I'm a craft beer fan and wished they had a better selection, but they had Victory Hop Devil on tap, which did just fine. I would definitely recommend this place for casual, bar-food dining.Very disappointed with this restaurant. Food was not very good. Chicken cheesesteak had an odd flavoring. We left most of the sandwhich. Potato skins were very over cooked, to the point there was no potatoe taste just burnt tasting. We also ordered wedge salads. It was disappointing as well. The hamburger was ok and so was the quesadilla appetizer.
This lunch was not worth the $100 we spent for 5 of us.  My first and last time at this place.This place has really gone down hill. The food was awful as well as the service. Took us 20 mins to get the check.Great atmosphere,bright and airy for an Irish pub. Food was so so. Ordered Ham and Cabbage soup, which isn't really a soup but brothy ham and cabbage. Ham is smoky, wood fired , reminded me of my Nana in Ireland Ham and cabbage that was cooked over a turf fire. My friend ordered crab cakes that had to be sent back as they were burnt on bottom. They did take off the bill, ordered a burger in replacement medium well, and came back under cooked. I ordered a prastrami sandwich and it was also really smoky and the homemade chips very salty. 
We split a colcannon and it was awesome! I maybe would go back again and just do apps and drinks.Food was ok, the prices were higher than the quality of the food...A pretty average place, taking the spot of one chain and turning it into another.  I realize this place isn't a chain but, in fact, an independent restaurant owned by local people.  While I hate to give it such a mediocre review, there just isn't anything stand out about the place.  Average food, beer selection, and bartenders but just enough TVs if it's a game you're interested in.Met up with a friend here last night for some food and drinks.  It was a Thursday night, not crowded at all. As a matter fact it was pretty dead. For $19.95 they had A surf and turf special. We ordered it to share not thinking you would be anything special because of the cheap price, but it was surprisingly really really good. The filet was really tender, and the lobster was delicious.  The bartender however was thee worst. Enough to make me never wanna go back there again, his personality sucked, and he was rude. He looked pissed off to be there. The ambIance, the energy in the air just wasn't very appealing.  They were playing pretty decent music however, and I did enjoy myself because I basically have fun wherever I go and I didn't let anything ruin my night. Just with so many fun spots around I definitely wouldn't go back to this one.Had a good time. Waitress was smoking hot. They had to go look for the Murphy's Red but I'm glad they did. Most places would have told you they were just out. 
The beer menu needs a fix. If its a half & half don't list it as a black & tan on the menu......For an Irish place you need to know the pours. Get Bass on the taps.......First time there a few days ago. It was awesome inside, the way everything is set up.. from the bar area to a more family, restaurant area. Nice job on the decor. Our waitress was the sweetest thing ever. I'm pretty sure her name was Mary Theresa, and she was amazing. The only complaint I have is our food took awhiiiiile and it wasn't busy at that time. I'm used to waiting, but it was long. Food was pretty tasty. Hopefully they stay unique.
Quick FYI - If you're looking for a "poppin" bar time or to get all wild, it's not the place for it. The bar area on a Friday evening was mostly older people just calmly watching a game on TV.I'm so glad that a non-chain restaurant has taken residence in this location.  And a very good one, at that!
In my few visits to Katie O's, my experience has been a consistent 4 stars.  Service is good; the servers are very friendly, helpful and fairly attentive.  The space is open and furnished with dark cherry wood-looking furniture with many hanging plants.  There are TVs sprinkled around, supplementing a bank of TVs by the bar - good for sports watching.  
They have a decent beer selection.  Food has always been enjoyable.  French Onion soup is very good.  The pizza is tasty.  But my favorite is the nachos!  The portion is ginormous, the ingredients are extremely fresh.  I plan on taking a picture of it next time I go so next time I get subpar nachos from a restaurant, I can show them what real nachos should look like.
Oh... and they have Quizzo on Tuesday nights.Center city pricing in a mall environment makes for a less than pleasing review. 10 chicken wings for $14.95 is overpriced.Horrible service and the staff was rude.  
I wish I could give this place zero stars.I was going into this place expecting very little and i walked away with a huge smile after my experience here. 
Really nice atmosphere with lots of televisions and pretty servers walking around. The food was really fantastic. Well seasoned, crisp toasted buttery breads, ice cold beer, and dynamite onion rings. 
When you hear Irish cuisine most people laugh but try this place our and you will be shocked.HORRIBLE!  AWFUL! DISGUSTING!  Any negative word you can think of applies to this place.  I am 49 years and this BY FAR the worst restaurant experience of my life!  YES......My entire life!  Where to start? How about at the front door where we had to wait till the hostess was done sending her text before we could be greeted.  Then to our table, this giant dining area only had 2 table with people.  Both were all guys. Where does she seat us? Right in between them.  This was just the beginning of the nightmare.  We ordered and after a lengthy delay our drinks arrived. HARD to believe with only 9 customers in the whole place.  RIGHT AWAY we were swatting fruit flies. At one point my drink had 3 flies on it and one went in it. SADLY we should have left right then but we were pressed for time to eat so we gutted it out. A HUGE MISTAKE!!!!!!  All 3 of our sandwiches were cold, the chips were stale and my soda was flat.  It was so embarrassing because we were treating my friend's dad to lunch who was in from California. We couldn't get out of there fast enough, however that's not the end. ON the way out it looked like a mouse running into the corner and the hostess never even looked up from her phone to say goodbye. WHAT A NIGHTMARE!!!!!  Wait, Wait.....It get's better.  I call my friend today (Yes a week later) and the 1st thing out of his mouth was "How bad was that restaurant???"  We both couldn't believe it and he was embarrassed that he picked it.  I told him that it was on my mind and i'm going to call them and tell them.  Well I did that today and it only got worse.  I asked to speak to the manager / GM and a lady named Kate came on.  I told her most of the story and she put me on hold.  Then another lady came on, I sadly do not remember her name (Let's just label her as the WORST customer service rep EVER)   She begins to bettlittle me and YELL at me, saying that I should drive back over there and meet her face to face.  I live in NJ and like I want to drive a half hour and pay gas and tolls to be disrespected more.  She begins to scream at me to the point I hung up.  I then called the Board of Health and reported them and now writing this review.  PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE, take my advice and go elsewhere!  This is a HORRIBLE, NASTY DISGUSTING place with employees and management who are many notches WORSE than that.  There's sooooooo many places to eat in that area.  DO YOURSELF A FAVOR AND PICK SOME PLACE ELSE!!!Like most other reviewers, I really want to like this place. It's incredibly close to my house, the atmosphere and beer list are great. They've changed the menu since we were first here a while back - good move. I would be interested in trying the prime rib to see if it is good. 
We didn't get any entrees so I can't speak for those, but the appetizers we ate were obviously from frozen bags and expensive for the quality, though they give you a good amount of food. I would be afraid to order an entree here due to the price and the quality of what we've tried so far. The only thing that was actually good were the potato pancakes which, surprise, seemed to be made in-house and not frozen. The spring mix they put with everything was wilted and gross. Our server also disappeared a lot during our meal... probably smoke breaks.... it was really annoying because there were almost no customers.
My suggestion would be to (watch Kitchen Nightmares, haha) consolidate the menu and give a bit smaller portions (there is SO much food, including twin lobster tails- it can't all be fresh because it probably sits forever waiting for people to order it- who goes to a bar to order lobster tail??) and make FRESH food! We only came here tonight because it was close to the house and it's snowing so we didn't want to drive far, otherwise we totally would have driven an extra 15 minutes to Three Monkeys, Out of Wack Jack's or Newportville Inn where they make good fresh food.I often eat and drink here since it opened a little over a year or so ago. Last night was their first All you can eat snow crab night. We went with another couple who eat all you can eat snow crabs every year in Florida and we all thought the crabs were great. The sauce/broth actually was not just typical old bay, but some deliciously spicy concoction. Crabs were done just right.A giant baked potato, corn on the cob and a hefty green salad with all dark and not just iceberg crap! all for $24.95. Well within usual pricing.
The only reason for 4 and not 5 stars is that the time between getting our first refill was a bit slow, they had no crab cracker or pick utensils, and they didn't think to give the table a shell bowl. This was probably due to this being there first night to do this.
Also, the broth for each serving was a little different, spicy wise,  but still delicious and one table of two guys complained about this and left after their second serving. Their loss I say. We will definitely do it again.
Also a great outdoor dining patio!So my family and I were looking for a spot to eat before heading home the other night. We live close to Katie O's and decided to give the irish pub and eatery a try. We were greeted by our server who was nice, prompt and professional.  We were indecisive as to what we were going to order, but started off with a spinach and artichoke app. Soon after, we ordered a chicken and pasta  dish for our 7 year old, a burger with pulled pork for the wife and I figured I'd try a Shepards pie since this is an irish spot.The food came out and to be honest my daughter's food was bland and tasteless seemingly as if a child made it. Certainly not someone with any culinary experience.  As for my wife's burger....this was a hit. Now onto my Shepards pie! This was the most bland, dry, and disgusting food I have ever tasted in my life!!!! I really cannot understand how as an irish pub that the most basic of irish foods is botched. The waitress came over to check on us and asked if everything was alright. I had to tell her ... no it wasn't and let her know about the meal. She apologized and was professional telling us she would let her manager know. I replaced my dish with a burger to go. At no point did a manager ever come over to the table and we were pretty disappointed.  The bill came for our dinner totaling 64.00 plus a gratuity totaling 72.00. My advise to others in search of a good meal... avoid this place at all costs. Unless you want a 12.00 burger or to bang back beers. The only reason this place is getting one star is for the waitressEnjoyable place -nice appetizers (string beans,  fried clams,  sliders, nachos, wings), -french onion soup that high caliber and not too salty- pleasant environment with a nice workstaff.  We have enjoyed this place.  Beers on tap, pleasant staff.I had visited this establishment tonight and was HIGHLY disappointed in the food.
The last time i had dinned here was about 6 months ago and thought tonight I would give it a second chance ..... Well burger king would have been a better option.... I had ordered a cheese burger with swiss RARE(knowing all places over cook thir meat) The burger came out well done .... What a suprise..... The bartenter insisted i get another one and I took her advice (sending back food to the kitchen results in the cook putting somthing unpleasant in your dish) I recieved my 2nd burger and it wasn't cooked properly again and the fries that were on my 1st plate were on the 2nd plate with my once again over cooked burger.... My meal was "comp'ed" but I am highly disappointed and I suggest to anyone thinking about visiting this establishment you eat before; such as WAWA or Burger King that way you have a full stomach and arent inclined to order from their overpriced.... piss poor menu ..... I believe that the Food Network(Resturant Impossible) should visit this resurant because it is in dire need of some help.... I don want to sound like a normal complaining customer but I have over 10 years in food resturant experience and I am sorry that the Irish heritage is affiliated with this establishmentApparently I have the same mixed feelings as many other reviewers.  I wanted to love Katie O's, but it's hard.  The building is lovely & the service is nice, but the food just didn't live up to my expectations.
For an app my group & I got fried pickles & nachos.  Fried pickles are hard to mess up, so they were pretty tasty.  But the nachos were way dry.  The serving was huge, but for that reason about 98% of the nachos had nothing on them.  Then they ran out of salsa.  Very tragic.
For my entree I got blackened mahi mahi, which was pretty good.  I did like the chips that come with the meal.  But my poor momma ordered a well done steak that ended up bleeding out on her plate.  She sent it back, and got an even bloodier mess in return.  After two fails she just gave up and ate her potatoes.  
For desserts, they have an offering of cheesecake tortes and cupcakes which apparently are made by one of the bartenders.  They were pretty good but nothing to write home about.
I feel like Katie O's has an identity crisis.  If they stuck to sandwiches, apps & bar food I thnik they could improve greatly.  People don't go to a bar expecting a perfectly cooked filet until you put it on the menu!  Keep it simple my friends.Had a great time here!! Live music (Love Junk) was awesome as usual!!
Service, servers, bartenders, food everything excellent!Little pricey, and I haven't always liked the food, but in the more recent times I've been there the food has always been good. Their cheesesteak eggrolls are SO good. Steak fries are amazing, of course.
Service could use a little work, but everyone is always nice. Don't get a seat by the wall with the mirrors, the tables are usually wobbley. Great drink selection.Received an email from Katie O's informing they are looking into the fish and chips. Very nice to see an establishment take criticism well! Classy place!Sorry to see this place close. Always treated well by staff, Dave, Sandy, Bob, Mike, Brandon and Joe were great to us all the time. Great fun crowd.I used to be a waitress years ago so I find it hard to go out to eat without critiquing every little thing.  But by far, this is the best restaurant I've been to in a long time.  first of all the place is gorgeous and immaculately clean. when I first walked in, the door was opened for me by a friendly young host, she let us know there was a 20 minute wait for a table. Not too bad, for a Friday night. She encouraged us to have a drink and wait at the bar. We chose to sit at the outside bar where we were greeted by our beautiful bartender Stephanie. She recommended the rum punch as I wanted something sweet. My husband had multiple questions about the beer selection, and although it was extremely busy she was so helpful, pleasant and knew all the answers. He finally decided to try the Goose Island. We were both happy with our selections. About 15 minutes later the host came over and walked us to our table. At this point I was already extremely happy with our decision to try out Katie O'Donnells.  I couldn't imagine it could get better, but it did. Our server Kacie greeted us right away and got us  another round of drinks, she was back in a flash. First we started with appetizers and I must recommend the bruschetta it was delicious. For dinner my husband had the Pub steak which was cooked perfectly, I had the Guinness stew which was also great. We could see our server was busy running from table to table but we were never neglected. Before our drinks were empty she was asking if we needed a refill, before we even knew we needed napkins she was bringing them. She was so friendly and so attentive, as soon as we were finished eating, our plates were clear, the table was so clean it looked like we had just sat down. Although that may not seem like a big deal, I hate sitting at a table full of all my dirty dishes. After dinner I was expecting the bill, but before that, out came our server with the most delicious looking dessert tray. Although I was already full who could say no to a strawberry cheesecake ice cream truffle. I had such a great experience and will be back asking to sit with Stephanie or kacie! I strongly recommend the bruschetta & ice cream truffle. Katie O'Donnells kacie, Stephanie and the host whose name I don't recall are true gems and assets, don't let them go!!Going to miss Katie' Os, Last day will be Closing for good on 10/31/18.
Went to quizzo Tuesday night for the last time. Hope Doob's turn's up
some other place, question weren't that hard most of the time.Not like other places where quizzo was more like "Name that tune"
Food and service was good,place was always clean.2nd time there. Definitely the Last. Shrimp was cold when it  was supposed to be hot and only got  6 shrimp at first...the other three came out  with my salad. Odd. Was not worth $15 bucks for the both. Horrible service as well....I miss the Mexican Post that was there.I'm really not sure how to feel about this place. 
I've been here a handful of times and every time I leave I feel unsatisfied. -- My last visit, my husband and I came around 1:30 on a Saturday. We were the only people in the entire restaurant. Now I would think this was odd if every other time I came here it wasn't exactly the same situation. I think they have to make there business on hosting reunions, parties, etc. The lack of business held during lunch hours is just so strange. Our waiter took a bit to get to us and came over reaking like smoke. We both ordered a Bloody Mary which was decent, and two cheeseburgers. We didn't see our waiter again until he brought out our food. From first glance my burger looked fine but once picking it up I had a huge top portion of bun and literally a tiny slice of bread as the bottom bun. Laziness. Burger had barely any flavor, but the fries were pretty good. 
Katie O's has a nice outdoor area and a pretty extensive menu, but everything really just falls flat.I don't normally review places but after our second visit two evenings ago, my husband and I are DONE with this place.  The first time we went we chalked it up to it being newly opened, went back two evenings ago with friends (not willingly but decided to give it another shot) and that was the nail in the coffin.  HORRIBLE FOOD, HORRIBLE SERVICE, WAY TOO EXPENSIVE.  If you are going to have a bar themed restaurant in Philly, you should have drink specials EVERY DAY.  My husbands steak was like shoe leather and baked potato COLD.  He sent it back and asked to take it off the bill.  They did no problem like it was normal.  Terrible Terrible Terrible.  We will never go back and don't expect it to be open long...Disappointing. I wanted to take my Irish mother somewhere for St. Patrick's day lunch. The restaurant wasn't busy at all. The waitress wasn't friendly and seemed to be lacking a personality, she didn't tell us about the drink/lunch specials. We ordered drinks which were good a reasonably priced. I ordered a burger and my mom ordered fish and chips.
My mothers food was very very very overdone, she had to send in back, there was no apology from either the waitress or manger, about 5 minutes after taking the food back, the waitress asked my mom is she wanted anything else, she said she just wanted another fish and chips. fast forward 45 minutes, still no food, i had finished my meal, my mom and i both decided to ask for the check. The waitress said "oh i forgot about your food, sorry" still no sincere apology from anyone in the restaurant. So my mother didn't get lunch at all.  I won't be going backJust left a fundraiser for Holy Family Womens lacrosse room was promised for 5pm not delivered till after 6 not enough food provided timely for quests.Pasta was  watery and cold management was not accommodating.I never leave reviews for restaurants or bars. But I had to for this joint!
First i must tell you, don't waste your time! I went there last night for a Family birthday, bought 6 vodka and tonics within a hour and 15 minutes and received a bill for $105!!!! And I was still sober when I left! 
How's that possible? To top it off, the server we had made us pay our bill at 12:45am because he wanted to end his shift so he could start drinking before they closed! We would've spent another $105 easy if he hadn't given us the bill early. Luckily he did though since I had no idea how much they were ripping me off!
Any place that has plastic lawn chairs in the dining area shouldn't be charging $17.50 a drink! The place is a dump! 
Someone I was with showed me her mozzarella sticks, there was zero mozzarella in a few of them. It was a fried breadstick! 
It's a shame because when my wife and I do get to finally go out we usually spend around $200 easy. Very rarely do we leave an establishment unsatisfied. Never again!
Bottom line, I've been to some of the largest nightclubs in New York Ciry to Miami, where every drink is expensive! This joint takes the cake! $17.50 a drink at a dump in the Franklin Mills Mall parking lot! Amazing!I stopped in at O'Donnells for their Sunday oldies and was so happy I did!  The place is just awesome from the great wood decor and wall of TVs to the friendly staff and delicious food. I ordered the  "drunken pick n peel shrimp". They came out fast and they were delicious -- nice jumbos, not the small ones that are usually served for pick n peel.  My friend ordered the fish and chips-- looked great and he said it was excellent.  The prices were very reasonable.  But the best part was the DJ and oldies they played!  I looked around and saw patrons enjoying the music so much they were keepin' the beat while they enjoyed their meals.  There was a big group near me that were dancing and just having a great time.  What a find!  I'm going again next Sunday and bring more friends.  It's a bash!Food was ok small on the portions but manageable. Service was average, price was a little high for the amount of food you received.I have been to Katie O'Donnell's several times now and I am pleased to report that besides being a fun place full of friendly people and a great waitstaff. What surprised me was that although the establishment is known for being an Irish pub and sports bar, the food is also quite good! I highly recommend Katie O's (as some people refer to it) and if you like to hear music and listen to some good singers then go on a Wednesday or Friday evening when Debbie Knight is there providing a great selection of music! However if you just want to have some adult beverages and watch sports you're also covered because there is a large dining room with vaulted ceilings and an amazing array of Uber large screen televisions offering live sports. Lastly, if you prefer to be outside, there is a tiki bar and an expansive outdoor dining area. So whether you go alone, with friends or family you're bound to have fun at Katie O'Donnell's Irish Pub!
Paul R, Doylestown PaI celebrated my birthday there this weekend with family, and was really impressed.  The staff was friendly and funny, everyone enjoyed their food, there was entertainment but it wasn't too loud, and they even comped my appetizer and gave me a free t-shirt for my birthday.  I'd definitely recommend Katie O's to other peopler who are looking to have a decent meal in a fun place for their birthdays.Great lobster bisque and garlic Parmesan hot wings but the Shepherds Pie was sent back. The potatoes were sour. The waitress told us that she talked to the cook and he said it was because they had Parmesan Cheese in them   Many other people sent them back too and now the cook said he will change the recipe. Good.Had a horrible experience to start with today, but the prompt response of their management team as well as a much appreciated incentive, I think I'll base my rating on the atmosphere of the restaurant as a whole, and give it another go. Four from me. Will update again after returning once more.Several friends and I were just at Katie O'Donnell's this past Friday night. We had a great time and were satisfied with everything from the service and food to the entertainment. THIS is why I was so surprised when one of my friends emailed me to tell me to read the review by John G. I never take the time to review ANYTHING but I must do it this time. 
There were six of us and everyone either really liked their food or loved it. I can't remember what everyone else had but I had the pub steak which was cooked exactly how I like it. For the price I was expecting something on the small size and not very tender but it was just about perfect. The waitress was really friendly and brought us everything we wanted fast. 
If people weren't  happy with something why don't they say something that night instead of trashing a really nice restaurant? It's one of the best places to go in the northeast now.  It makes me think they are either a restaurant close by or an ex employee with a grudge.  I think it's really mean to say the things these people said . Why don't you give constructive criticism instead. I'm a hairdresser and I know I would rather someone just tell me they didn't like what I did so I could make it right instead of them ruining my reputation and everything I worked for my whole life by posting something so nasty in public. Only a coward would do something like that who had an axe to grind. 
The two disappointments at O'Donnells was it was raining so we couldn't sit out on the patio, which is beautiful and I was really hungry for ice cream and they didn't have any. I checked out the outside bar though which had a canopy over it. Really nice and can't wait to go back when the weather is better. So Katie O'Donnell whoever you are keep up the good work and we'll definitly be back!!!I tried VERY hard not to write this review.
My first visit to the restaurant was in early July week and I left so impressed that I returned on 2 more occasions that week alone.  Considering those 3 visits, I was shocked by my experience on 7/22.  
We brought our closest friends for lunch today following a movie at the nearby theater.  Our children also joined us as I felt the restaurant, during the day, would make an excellent choice for everyone's different tastes.  The meal started with minor issues like several of the beers we were hoping to order being unavailable but that was really not of great concern.  Also, the fact our waiter was able to identify something wrong with one of our glasses of water before he gave it to us and immediately taking it back was actually a good thing.  However, from there, the food and drinks went downhill.  The glass of water we did receive had a bad taste to it as did one of the other drinks also with ice that we were served.  Once replaced, the issue resolved so we can only guess it may have been a bad batch of ice.  One of the water classes we were given however was cracked on the inside of the glass as well.
Food was prepared and served in a timely manner but we had several issues.  We ordered 4 burgers of which 3 were incorrectly cooked.  1 was bad enough we had to send it back.  1 entree was a plate of mussels of which 1/3 were not edible as they did not open during cooking.  We also ordered a "pot-of gold" which while the seasoning was excellent, the shrimp were not devained or cleaned in any manner.  They could not be consumed noir could many of the unopened mussels and clams in bowl for the same reason as the other order.  My chicken francaise which was excellent in a previous visit was slightly burnt this time around and the accompanying zucchini was more raw than cooked.  There were a concerning number of flies in the restaurant as well but considering the outside dining availability (abet on the opposite side of the building) we let it go.  Frankly after the first round of send backs, we were not interested in complaining about the other concerns we had.  It was obvious that things were beyond repair for this visit.  Many of our party left hungry as we couldn't finish our meals. To the staffs credit, the things we did bring to their attention they managed well and were very professional about.  Perhaps our group of 8 was too large for the quiet shift kitchen staff.
I'm really perplexed as to what to make of our experience.  I really liked our experiences previously and looked forward to sharing the experience with our closest friends.  Based on what happened, I contacted the management to alert them to what we experienced.    Dave Greenhalgh, owner of the restaurant responded the next day.  He told me that there was a new kitchen staff on that day which could have explained our problems but did not excuse them and offered to "make it right" and send us a gift certificate to encourage us to visit again as his guests.  He even offered a tour of the kitchen.  Well, it's been 3 months now and not a gift certificate to be found nor any responses to my subsequent emails.  I guess it was all lip service.  As if the experience wasn't bad enough, being patronized and lied to by the owner has sealed my opinion.  It's a real shame.See, it's hard to write this help because the group I went and myself had many mixed emotions. 
I went here on my birthday with my family and the waiter was fantastic.  He wished me a happy birthday, was speedy with everything and pretty knowledgeable.  The building was really cool but nothing really screamed Irish, considering everything n the menu was Italian or seafood and country music was playing. 
We ordered nachos that we're absolutely horrible. But I don't like nachos anyway.  They were so dry and ran out of salsa!  My meal, the chicken franchaise was absolutely incredible.  It was very tasty and delicious.  My mom however, ordered a steak medium well and it came out bloody.  When she sent that one back, after throwing up in her napkin of course, she received one that was even worse!  So she had mashed potatoes for dinner!  Not cool. 
The desserts are made at home from one of the bartenders. And that's exactly how they tasted.  They had that perfect, out of the box taste. (sense the sarcasm!). 
It really wasn't bad though. I enjoyed my meal and the dessert I chose was okay.  I would go back here again.How would you enjoy going out to have a few drinks and dinner on Friday, 25 October 2013 and a DJ says "Oooh...watch out, the lights go down and eerie music comes on and a guy in a navy jumpsuit and a white face with a butcher knife (not sure if it was real or not) and for 10 minutes you are subjected to this nut going from table to table and then to the bar and standing over people while they were paying to enjoy their friends, food and drinks?   Katie O'Donnell's deemed this a "Halloween Party", but other than a few waitresses in mild outfits, no party atmosphere whatsoever.  Spoke to someone named "Sandy" who claimed she was an owner and was totally disrespected, it was no big deal.  Disagree "Sandy", although other reviewers claim Ed and Dave are the owners.  Poor choice of entertainment considering 2 minors  that week killed school teachers, do you really need violence for entertainment?   There were children seated at tables when this took place.  Not so sure that I will be going back, especially the attitude of an owner.  As they say "Without your bread and butter, you are nothing....and THE CUSTOMER is ALWAYS right"...my money will be appreciated in other establishments.This place is very big inside with a great atmosphere, nice lighting and a very very big TV. It wasn't dark and creepy, how some Irish bars tend to be. This is a great place to kick back and watch the game. 
The chicken tenders were typical frozen chicken tenders but were hard and very salty. I don't know what food distributer they use, but it needs to switch. 
I also had a French onion soup which was good but honestly it's hard to mess that up. 
My boyfriend said his burger was great. It came with homemade chips, which were quite addicting. 
The draft beer list had a bout 10-12 beers, mostly domestics. The only craft one was Victory (summer love). I would have appreciated a dogfish or a magic hat but hey I can take it.  I will be back, for a burger next time.Went to celebrate a birthday here one Friday night. Didn't know it was also a reunion so super crowded. Ate at the outside bar on the side. It is so nice out there and def would love to hang there in the summer. Ordered some food because we were hungry. I got mussels and my bf got a burger. The burger was big and so were the mussels. Both were just okay. The bartender went missing for long periods of time but it was very busy so it's understandable this time.