Wonderful experience here the food was delicious, the atmosphere is so light, clean, and happy. Amazingly immaculately clean considering 10+ cats live in a room. The staff were SO NICE and polite. Of course, the cats are adorable. The Café was pretty empty today, so the owner let my friend and I back in for extra time with the kitties. I love PAWS and supporting this Café. Would recommend to any cat lover.not very big but cutely decorated. the guy and girl associates, to me, were not very warm friendly people. Felt like there was un underlying attitude. Exp shakes, disappointed at the food selection- thought there might be a little more choices not just sugar laden food. Cats didn't seem to want to be bothered at all-which I guess I can understand. Took 20 minutes for 2 shakes to be made- one blender. should invest in one more. overall its a nice concept but id rather go to a SPCA.This place is really cute and the employees (owners maybe) were super nice.  The coffee was good and the cat face hot chocolate was very cute.  My only complaint is there should be more tables in the cat room.  My son loved this place.Cats are cute, food and drinks are as well (decor speaking) You shouldn't  go here if you want  good tasting food. Cats are very friendly.This is one of my favorite places to go to in Philadelphia. First of all, you are surrounded by many adorable cats, with all different names, colors, shapes, sizes, and characters. Kawaii Kitty Cafe does a great job of giving these kitties the most creative names. Also not only are you surrounded by the cutest cats, you can eat a variety of delicious pastries from Dotties Doughnuts and other local pastry shops. Along with the delicious pastries and sandwiches, Kawaii Kitty Cafe has to offer delicious coffee, smoothies, and lattes with kitties drawn on the foam. If you are a cat lover, this will be kitty paradise for you! If you aren't cat lover, this place will make you fall in love with these felines.
P.S. The owner Kristin is a very chill and amiable person!Just took my family here for the first time and I'm IN LOVE. You get to drink espresso and hang out in a room full of cats. What's better than that?! The staff was helpful and friendly and the cats were snuggly. The decor is all cat themed and adorable. They even do cat latte art. I will definitely be returning here whenever I'm in Philly.This was the first cat café I've been to, and let me tell you, it was everything I was hoping for.
The furry little stars are just as you'd expect: precious, friendly, and very adoptable. I must've wracked up some good karma on the way, because I had one of the little love-bugs nestled on my lap for nearly the whole visit! The staff introduced us to the roster, and let us know their likes and dislikes. 
Speaking of staff, they were very helpful and friendly. You can tell that they get along great with the kitties and really care for them, and they do an impressive job of keeping a room full of cats clean.
Now, I know the "café" in kitty café is the much less important word, but I did have the chai tea latte and a bagel with avocado spread, and both were pretty great. I'd say I'd go back for the tea, but we know it's all about the cats.
All in all, an excellent time. Highly recommend.I absolutely love this place. The cat room is comfy and very clean. We got insanely lucky and found a parking spot right in front of the cafe. Our luck continued when nearly all the cats were awake during our noon visit. They were playing around our feet and curling up on our laps. It was pure heaven. The staff is kind and welcoming. I would have taken all the cats home with me if that were possible. I can't imagine anyone visiting and not falling in love with one of them. Unlike a pound, the cats kind of pick YOU, which is an amazing experience if you're looking to add to your family. And even if you're not, petting a cat for an hour while sipping a warm drink is very therapeutic. Worth every penny.Beautiful, delicious, unique vegan food and beverages. Definitely not a place you'd visit every morning before work for a cup of coffee, but it's a great place to hang out with a friend or by yourself if you're looking for a sweet treat. We didn't visit the cat area, but we sat at the window looking in. My ice cream was very sweet and over the top, which was adorable and worth it. I wouldn't come here weekly, but it's definitely a nice place to visit if you're in the area and they do have more mild drinks and food that are less costly as well.If I could give this place more stars I would! Nothing is more relaxing than chilling in a room full of cats and drinking coffee. The last time I went, the owner/manager came in the room and hung out for a bit. He was such a nice guy, and the rest of staff are just as great! Can't wait to go again!This place is amazing!! Totally worth the money because all the money goes towards the cats that are waiting to get adopted! 
If you love cats or animals in general, I definitely recommend for you to check the place out! I believe the owner helped us out and she was so nice and happy to be there. Which makes me feel even more comfortable supporting a great business.AMAZING! If you are someone who wishes you had or misses having a cat, you can come to this cool little cafe and hang out with roughly 10 of them while enjoying a latte.
Here is the deal:
1. Maximum 8 people can be in the room, so they recommend booking in advance.
2. It costs $10 per person to go into the room (no drinks included).
3. All the cats are adoptable through PAWs (Philly Animal Welfare) in the room, though some may have been "Spoken for" by previous guests.
Anywho, very cool concept. You probably won't need more than an hour as the cats really are pretty chill.I don't know if it's possible not to love this place unless you are a cat hater! I came here for some quality kitty time for my birthday with some friends. It was very easy to book time in the playroom using their website. It's $10 a person per hour with a maximum of 8 people in the room at the time. They also sell some of the most beautiful drinks I've ever seen, very whimsical. I had a delicious cookies and cream milkshake.  I would love to go back again!Nice basic menu of drinks and desserts.
The place looks really new which is nice.
If you don't have an appointment, you can look into the room with the kitties at the bar.
Numerous cats and all so cute.
The workers are so kind and I can't wait to be back.In sum, nice place and idea but rude staff and cheap owner that wouldn't know goodwill if she walked into the literal Goodwill store. Cats are great. 
The concept is great. Grab coffee, eat lunch or a light meal, and play with cats to possibly adopt them. The concept attracted my girlfriend and I to this location. The concept alone, however, does not mask the rudeness of the staff.
We ordered our meal and went into the room to hang out with the cats and sip our lattes -- perfect combination. The waitress brought us the wrong food but we were hungry and didn't say anything. She returned minutes later stating she gave us the wrong food and the food we actually ordered would be out shortly, but we'd have to pay for BOTH the wrong food and our actual order. 
I took the issue up with a woman who purported to be the owner. She didn't apologize for the waitress's remarks but instead walked away without responding. I had to awkwardly follow her to make sure I didn't owe anything on our bill. Usually, if staff makes an error businesses do not pass the costs of the error onto the customers.This is such a great place to come to this city. Not only is is helping to find cats homes, it also is a great opportunity to just chill with cats, and have a tasty treat. The staff are friendly, patient, understanding, and the drinks are super yummy. Yes you need a reservation, and there is an entry fee, but that goes to helping take care of the kitties. Parking wasn't bad at all since I could find free parking nearby. Overall, I can't wait for a chance to go back.I had been following the Kawaii Kitty Cafe since they started their indiegogo, so I was extremely excited to book a visit for their opening weekend. It was $10 per person for an hour with the cats, not including the price of food. 
The decoration is absolutely adorable, full of quirky, original feline-themed art pieces (including a Ziggy Stardust cat!) with a pastel Japanese vibe. The cat room in the front is comfy with a large window facing the street, and the back room (with the food counter) has all sorts of goodies for sale. 
Their booking system is set up so there can only be a few people in the room with the cats at one time. For a good portion of our hour, we were the only people in the room, while another party of three came in about a half hour into it. It was lovely to have so much one on one time with the cats. I had been to a cat cafe once before (in London) where there was a far higher ratio of guests to cats, which meant that each cat was constantly crowded by people trying to take pictures. 
The cats (there were maybe 9 or 10 total?) themselves seemed extremely relaxed. Most of them were taking an afternoon nap in the sun, although a couple were eager to nuzzle us and play a bit. They did not seem stressed, anxious, or shy at all. This had the effect of making ME feel very relaxed! I could have fallen asleep right on the couch alongside all the snoozing kitties. I wanted to adopt them all - and I could have, because they're all up for adoption, too!
The menu was limited, but my other two guests enjoyed their food. I had an iced green tea latte which was refreshing in the heat. 
The owners seemed a bit stressed - understandable! - but were nevertheless extremely friendly and welcoming. The owner's mother was there to help out and was a joy to talk to. All in all, there are still a few kinks to work out but I had an absolutely lovely time and it's obvious that the staff and owners have a true passion for what they do. What a wonderful addition to the neighborhood.This review is only for the cafe side, not the cat room.  If I didn't already have a cat, you'd bet I'd be paying regular visits here for the sole purpose of cuddling adorable cats.  But seeing as my cat gets jealous if she smells other cats on me, I decided to visit and experience the cafe portion where the cats in the other room (which is available by reservation) are easily visible through a window.  I ordered a small coffee and a unicorn blondie (topped with rainbow sprinkles and marshmallows) and parked myself at a table with a book.  The decor is adorable, the staff is super friendly, and I hope to continue to stop in and support them because I LOVE that they have a partnership with PAWS--my cat came from their Old City adoption center.Best collaboration in Philly! Coffee and Cats! Everyone can use a bit of kitty therapy in their life and this place makes me happyThis place is SUPER CUTE! I randomly came across it with my roommate and was so excited to meet all the adoptable kitty friends. The kitties are SO SWEET and so lovable! They are a delight to just watch or play with with their millions of toys. 
As a walk-in, we paid $5 for a 30-min hang out session. The room is a bit small and there is a people limit..so if you do plan to go with friends, make a reservation ahead of time! 
As for drinks, my roommate tried the iced mocha, which she really enjoyed for its sweetness. I had the black tea with lemon and honey, which was very refreshing.I lover meeting the adoptable cats and the food was fantastic. The only things I recommend changing is putting prices on the menu and they mention on their Facebook page that one of the cats is part of a bonded pair but didn't mention it when doing the introductions. Make sure if you want to adopt any of the lovely cats that you check with PAWS for more information.This  is a really cute place. We loved hanging out with the cats. The cat room is cute and cozy. Skip the food though. We ordered the strawberry sandwiches, iced green tea and hot cocoa. The sandwiches were bland, I expected tea size dainty sandwiches, they were huge hunky flavorless sandwiches ( sliced strawberry, unsweetened whipped cream and basil on sourdough bread). It said on the menu that they were a Japanese favorite, umm , no.Paid too much for the lunch and when I got home realized we were charged for a bottle of water we never received.Kawaii Kitty Café is a phenomenal location for both the kitties and the café.  The cats are happy and eager to socialize (or at least fall asleep on the guests).  They are clearly well cared-for and content in their space.  The smell in the cats' living space is minimal, and the space is comfortable for both the cats and their guests.  Other cat cafés don't necessarily integrate the human space and the cat space as well as this café.  At Kawaii Kitty Café, the safe resting spaces for the cats are the same as the safe resting spaces for the humans, and the cats do not seem distressed or overstimulated.
The food is fantastic, very vegan friendly (but not so friendly to caffeine allergies, unfortunately).  I love the sandwiches and the little finger food treats.  The ONLY reason I can't give 5 stars is because the food service is very slow.  I ordered a sandwich during my last visit, and I had less than ten minutes to eat it by the time it arrived.  Apparently they have only one sandwich-maker, which seems like an oversight.  If the food service roadblocks are fixed, Kawaii Kitty Café will earn an easy five stars.
ETA:  This business is listed as "Japanese", but it's about as Japanese as I am.  (Which is to say absolutely not at all.  I have no idea who tagged it as such or why they did so.)Wow, what a delightful place. You need to place a reservation to play with the cats ($10 per person/1hr). Depending on the time, it may be only you and a friend there, or perhaps another group. We went on a Saturday afternoon and had 2 other groups in the room. The room is very cozy and full of cat toys. This time around, all the cats (there were 12 of them) were very friendly aside from one (you get a warning by a staff person right at the beginning). Servers bring your drinks and food inside. Interesting mix of nutella sushi, bagels, and strawberry creme sandwiches. Solid chai tea latte. But really, who comes for the drinks?Place is suuuuuper cute and clean and colorful and Pusheen was on the wall!! Cat room is up front... $10 an hour to be in there. Cafe is down the colorful hall and no charge to dine there. There are only a few baked goods and maybe 8 drinks to choose from. The drinks are topped with dyed whipped cream and sprinkles, candy, and yam-yams (Instagram photo op). However, I ordered the cold hot chocolate and beyond the toppings, it was really gross like watered down milk and my boyfriend ordered an orange smoothie and it was all sugar. 2 drinks was like $15 and when you use a credit card they suggest a tip when it's not table service (you wait by the counter). It's a sweet, gimmicky experience but it's just not a tasty cafe. I love that you can adopt the cats.Awesome cafe--make a reservation! The spots (9 per hour) fill up fast! Went on a Sat at 4pm (cafe closes daily from 3-4pm to clean litter boxes and give the cats a rest); lots of kitty cats in the room but seating was limited and it felt very crowded with 7 people in there! Plenty of toys to use with cats and many loved playing and being petted (some did sleep). Staff super nice and coffee, bagel, and smoothie were awesome; bathroom clean and nice. Would go again in a heartbeat! Just wish I could pick up the cats and wish they let fewer people in per hour due to size of room. All in all, a cool concept and fun time! Awesome way to help local shelter cats get socialized and adopted!The cats are lovely and it is so fun to hang out with them! Catch them earlier or later in the day if you want to see them a bit energetic. The one and only downside is that the owner was a bit rude and ill tempered. One member of our party was a 13 year old girl who is a bit tall. She was counted as an adult without even being asked and we were almost overcharged. When we told the owner that she was the same age as the other children, she reluctantly gave us back some money and continued to be somewhat sharp with us for the rest of the trip. At the end of our hour, she came in and abruptly said "the next party is coming in. You need to leave the room". There was no asking how our visit was and no positivity in her tone. I would strongly suggest a change in attitude or all customers should go in well prepared.It is an awesome place to visit.  They have an awesome selection of drinks (Vegan options as well) but not a lot of food.  They do make you pay a fee to go in the cat room and it is by the half hour (I think it was $6) but I do not mind since they do have to take care of the cats an adopt them out.  A must visit for any animal lovers!Sweet kitties, friendly vibe, lovely hosts/owners, cute decor, tasty coffee and treats.  The cat room is cozy and bright and all the cats seemed very "at home" and the human visitors to the cat room were having a great time.  Wish I lived closer so I could visit all the time!  What an amazing and worthwhile enterprise!  All the best wishes for success!If you're a cat lover, or any animal lover, check this place out! This is a cafe which offers coffee, milkshakes, pastries, teas, etc. and allows for you to eat it in a kitty room amongst 8-10 cats. The awesome part about this place is that any of the kittens/cats are held at the kitty cafe until they are adopted. Availabilities are tough on the weekends, so if you'd like to visit make sure to reserve seating about a week in advance. However, I walked in on a weekday and had no problem. Great place!Had our visit today and could not have been more pleased! We have a kitty at home (as did all of the guests who we shared our time slot with) but it was nice to get to meet some new cats and fellow cat lovers over coffee! Everything is cat themed, even the food and drinks! I got a great latte and saw another guest get a fabulous over the top decorated hot chocolate concoction. The donut I got was nothing to write home about. The staff came and sat in and answered all of our questions, I was really surprised and happy to hear that the cats get adopted quite often from the cafe. Most of the cats we met hadn't even been there over a week. An hour seemed to really fly by!
I made my reservation two days ahead of time, which is really reasonable given how long the cat cafe in NYC makes you wait. The cats were pretty affectionate, good mix of mellow older cats to younger playful ones. Also, the staff mentioned that the cats are most awake earlier in the day, they tend to get a little sleepier in the afternoons.Beautiful and quiet little café. You pay $10 an hour (make a reservation on their easy to use website) to hang out with 8-12 cats in the adorably decorated cat room. Their drinks are also quite nice--- try the green tea latte. 
All of the cats are super chill-- they have to be to coexist with each other and the range of humans coming through, so you can pretty much pet whoever, although the staff is careful to let you know if anyone is having a bad day! When I was there, it was only myself, a friend and then two others who joined us about halfway through our reserved hour, but the cat room can hold up to 8 people. Honestly, I think that would get extremely crowded and hard to enjoy the cats, especially given that the two couches would only comfortably fit two people a piece.
The cats are also adoptable, so if you are thinking of adopting, it's a great way to 'test drive'!Kawaii was lovely! We got there about 15 minutes ahead of our reservation and grabbed some snacks and coffee from the cafe in the back. My friend and I split the strawberry and cream sandwich, which was light, simple, and sweet. Lots of cute kitty-themed tchotchkes for sale as well. 
We went into the cat room on the hour. There were about 7 or 8 cats in there. Some were lively, some were cuddly, some were snoozing away. Mr. Ravioli was one of our favorites--he was sweet and soft and lazy. There are several toys for cats to play with (Wes Mantooth was in the most playful mood during our visit). Some of the cats snoozed away the hour, getting up occasionally to stretch or reposition themselves. The cafe staff checked in on us a few times, refilling drinks and placing orders for snacks. 
Overall, Kawaii was a lot of fun. Cats will behave like cats, no matter where you place them. They might feel outgoing at times, they might feel like being left alone at times, they might want to just sleep 20 hours a day. In fact, I'd have adopted one of the kitties if my lease allowed pets. But we will be back for our furface fix!My 6-year old daughter and I spent an hour in the Kitty room and had a great time!  Playing with, petting, and watching the cats/kittens was a fun way to spend an hour out of the heat!My 18yr old and I loved visiting the kitty cafe! Taking her off to college, I brought her here to get her kitty fix when she is in the dorms. Kittens were very playful, toys provided, and everything very clean and no bad smells. They are well taken care of!
She will definitely be back!
I recommend taking the earliest time - cats do like their naps!Great place and wonderfully set up. The cats have lots of toys food clean bed and it didn't have any odor in the play room. This is a great place and I would highly recommend visiting!Seriously the cutest place ever. Their is room with about 8 or 9 cats just waiting to be loved any cat lovers dream! note : you arent allowed to pick up the cats which is understandable because they arent used to you.. but if of course you can pet them and theirs toys everywhere so you can play with them and take pictures. Another thing i thought was nice is theirs a window that you can look in at the cats my mom came with me but she isn't a fan of all the cat fur so she just enjoyed looking in. Also they make drinks hence the cafe! I'm not sure if they have food because i only got a drink but i'm very pleased with the drink i got it was hot chocolate and it was so good. I hope to come back here soon.I loved this place! I went here a while back and I can't wait until I get a chance to go again!
I went around 2 pm, which had its pros and cons. My cousin and I were the only ones in the room, so yay! But almost all the cats were napping, so boo! I wish they would have told us on the website when the cats were generally active and when they would settle down and rest. We only got to play with two cats because the rest (about 6 cats) were all sleeping. 
The food was good, but slightly overpriced in my opinion. I don't mind too much, though, because the cafe helps the cats get adopted!
The room is small and there's a huge window where everyone can look in. There's no privacy and it was kinda weird to have strangers stare while you play with the cats.
4/5!Loved this place! The room with the cats is separate from the cafe area and you have to pay to sit with the cats ($10/person for 1 hour); however, it is entirely worth it.  The cats are in general quite friendly, probably as a result of being around so many people and other cats. Some are very young and playful. There is apparently a high cat turnover, because the cafe is dedicated to helping get the cats adopted (and its strategy appears quite successful).  The cats all have fun names, like Professor Pizza and Hairy Pawter. A nice place for some soothing, chill cat therapy!The cafe was awesome!   Even before we arrived, the website was easy to use to book the reservation to spend the hour in the cat room.  The owners and batista were all extremely friendly when we arrived and walked us through what to do. Once we ordered, Kristin introduced us to each cat and explained their personality.   The batista brought our drinks into the cat room, an iced Carmel latte and a hot Chai, both were excellent!  
The cats were all friendly and well cared for. The room had no odor even though it is home to several cats.   There was plenty of toys to play with the cats. The cats had beds to sleep on and bowls of food and fresh water.   The cats were obviously well taken care of and well love! 
We really had fun playing with the cats.  We can't wait to plan another visit to the cafe!!This place is a must see, especially for cat lovers. The food is delicious (and I'm not vegan). We will be back just to support the love and care these people are giving cats who wouldn't have a home otherwise.I didn't know that I had to make a reservation to go visit the "kitty" room. There's two different rooms at this cafe& it was kind of confusing. I went in to the cafe with my husband and we ordered our drink and it was good. And the cups that they hand out were really cute. I was bummmmmmed out I couldn't interact with the cats but that's ok. The inside of the cafe was really small. They only had 2 tables. & it was kind of messy inside, for example, the tshirts that they were selling were unfolded and the plants on the side of the windows were dead.....It just seemed everything's out of place. Anyways, if you need a quick drink like mocha or something warm with your gals come here :) 
Oh yeah. It's HARD finding parking here. I'd give them probably 3.5 stars if I could.This place is very cute and charming. I went here off a recommendation, and I wasn't disappointed. I have been to a couple cat cafes in the US and Japan, and this is one of the best. The cat space is small, but it is decorated very cutely. In fact the whole place lives up to its kawaii name.
What sets this place apart from other similar cafes is the food menu. They are not messing around. They have extravagant milkshakes, sundaes and cookies. Most cat cafes will give you a tea or coffee that they can up charge the hell out of. You can buy 30 or 60 minutes in the cat room where you can eat your food.
The cats here are adoptable, so new ones are always coming in and out. Most were friendly but they were sleepy. It's been my experience that when you go to a cat cafe most of the cats just want to sleep. Keep this in mind before you come.This place was very neat. The owner was so nice and caring.  I love cats so I couldn't wait for the place to open. It was very relaxing and had a chill atmosphere. Can't wait to go back with my wife.I had a great time at the kitty cafe! I've wanted to check this place out ever since I saw the sign a month ago, and it did not disappoint. If you're stressed out and want some quality cat therapy, this is a great option, plus all the cats are adoptable! The cats were super chill and didn't have any issues with us petting them. One of them was even climbing around on us.
The cat room had cute decor and plenty of seating. I'd love to try the food and other cafe items next time. The owners were super friendly and nice as well. I'll definitely be bringing my friends back here soon!
Tip: Be sure to make a reservation online if you want to go in the cat room!I finally visited the cafe for the first time after following them on social media since they opened. It was great! The staff was fantastic and friendly. I truly appreciate how diligent they are in informing guests of their policies and rules in regards to the cats. The cats are clearly well-taken care of and loved as they wait for their forever homes.
The cute little menu was also impressive! Teas, coffee, smoothies, milkshakes, bagels, etc. I also enjoy that most of their items can be made vegan. I do not follow a vegan diet, but I am happy that people who do are able to enjoy items off the menu as well. I personally did not try their vegan marshmallows but I overheard another guest in the room say that they are delicious.
I definitely will be back again.We had such a nice time! There were 8 of us total, some of the other patrons were frequent visitors and we're fun to hang out and talk to. There is a variety of cats, one that has only one eye, another missing a back leg. Some were shy, others playful. The room is bright and cheerful and the cats interact with each other and us. We had a couple drinks including the unicorn hot chocolate which was extravagant and fun. I will bring any other cat lover friends here again soon! Staff was very sweet as well.I came here with my boyfriend for my birthday, and it was not that great. The decor was cute, and the staff was reasonably polite, but I got a unicorn hot chocolate and it wasn't very hot when I got it... maybe because it takes long to decorate it?? I don't know, but it should have been hot for how much we paid. My boyfriend got a chai tea latte and he enjoyed it.
The cats were mostly either angry or hiding when we went into the cat room at 2. It's a lovely thing they're doing, making the cats more visible to people who want to adopt (I'm actually a volunteer for an animal shelter) but what people should know is that cats are not happy after being poked and prodded all day. I barely got to interact with them. I'm not sure if it was the group of cats we had or what, but they just wanted to be left alone. 
After seeing this place in person, it kind of upsets me as a cat lover to see cats being harassed who don't want to be touched. They briefly go through some rules, but hey, people are dumb. Go to an animal shelter and volunteer, you don't have to buy overpriced drinks OR pay, and the cats love your company. It's a win win.This is such a wonderful place! I'm happy that they're helping these cats find homes. The people that work there are really kind and I also love their drinks.This is a really great place and the kitties here are treated well. Yes, it is $10 for a reservation, but I did read on the website that even if you can't use your spot, the money goes towards feeding and caring for the kitties. I view it as money well spent. I went first thing on Saturday morning, and I would say about half of the kitties were in sleep/relaxing mode, and the other half in play mode.
I was surprised to find that the pour over coffee was pretty good (I had come with high expectations for the cats but low expectations for the food and coffee). Someone came in to introduce each of the cats at the beginning of the hour. The room was snug with 8 (?) people, but not so crowded that you couldn't enjoy the cats. There were a few troubled cats, but almost all of them were sociable and tolerant of being petted (just make sure you listen if they say that a cat gets moody--I'd avoid overpetting those cats). 
One thing that would really help is to have pictures next to each of the cat's descriptions--there was some confusion as to which cat was which between my friend and I, and some of the personality descriptions were a little too cursory (I realize that this might be because some of the cats had only just arrived). 
Overall, I would definitely come back here again.In sum, nice place and idea but rude staff and cheap owner that wouldn't know goodwill if she walked into the literal Goodwill store. Cats are great. 
The concept is great. Grab coffee, eat lunch or a light meal, and play with cats to possibly adopt them. The concept attracted my girlfriend and I to this location. The concept alone, however, does not mask the rudeness of the staff.
We ordered our meal and went into the room to hang out with the cats and sip our lattes -- perfect combination. The waitress brought us the wrong food but we were hungry and didn't say anything. She returned minutes later stating she gave us the wrong food and the food we actually ordered would be out shortly, but we'd have to pay for BOTH the wrong food and our actual order. 
I took the issue up with a woman who purported to be the owner. She didn't apologize for the waitress's remarks but instead walked away without responding. I had to awkwardly follow her to make sure I didn't owe anything on our bill. Usually, if staff makes an error businesses do not pass the costs of the error onto the customersOne of my friends surprised me for my birthday by taking me here are having all my friends waiting in the cafe for me. It was such a wonderful time! We were allowed to bring in cupcakes and ordered a couple lattes from the front. The cats are adorable and it makes you want to take everyone of them home. They take in some cats that need a bit more love because they are blind or are missing a leg. You can adopt the cats from them and they never get rid of the cats that haven't yet been adopted. The best part i think about the place (besides the funky cat-heavy decor) is names and description they give the cats. Absolutely hilarious. An hour really doesn't feel like enough time.Amazing place!! Very reasonably priced, great coffee, and most of all you get to pet the most adorable adoptable cats! Literally did not want to leave this place (cause this is what heaven must be like). The staff is very friendly and it's a very clean establishment despite cats being everywhere lol definitely recommend!This place is literally what it is called, a cute kitty cafe! I went here for the first time yesterday and I really enjoyed it. A few of the kitties were active when we went, which was around 6:30-7, right before their feeding time. The interior is super cute, pink, and girly - great for instagram photos and so are their drinks! I got the vanilla milkshake and it was just as good as it looked. The only complaint I have is that when you make your reservation it doesn't mean you get the room to yourself. I was here on a date and it felt overstuffed with people and i think thats why some of the cats were kind of hiding. IMO- I think if there were less people, the cats would feel more comfortable to come out and give us more time to interact with them.So Kawaii!!!  If you haven't been to a cat cafe you have to check this place out. You need to reserve a time slot beforehand (tell them how large your party is) if you would like to hang out with the kitties it is $11 a person per hour. (If you just want to grab a coffee and watch the cats through the glass partition you can do that too!) 
When you walk into the building, the door immediately to your right leads to the cat room, and straight ahead is the cafe area where you can order cat themed lattes. I loved knowing that by spending money I was supporting their cause, and all of the cats are up for adoption! (That's the dangerous part; I went in with no intention of wanting a cat and I left wanting to bring one home!!) 
By the time we got there the cats were already exhausted with playing all day, and the area is a little small (the cat cafe in brewery town is more spacious but less cute) but I had such a fun time playing with the cats and taking in the cute decor. I'm bringing my cat loving sister here for sure!If I had to name one good thing about this city it would be this cafe! Philly was a city of haters and poop before these kitties and their humans appeared. I just wanted to drop off cans of wet food tonight to appease the kitty lords and ladies, and throw a 50 dollar donation at the wonderful kitties humans in memory of my husband, I threw that 50 out as if this is a cat strip club -By the way 100% genius idea, who wants to start the cat stripper business with me?- Anyway the staff's filled with the most beautiful people on this earth! They gave me wine and coffee and let me see all their beautiful kitties with a smile and a hug. Thank you, Kawaii Kitty Cafe. Your name doesn't just fit well for your cats but for your humans too.Great place to go and cuddle with some kittens. I recommend going when the cats are awake, because it tends to get boring when the cats are fast asleep.Absolutely enjoyed my birthday here, was lucky enough to be given more time than the normal hour they give you since it wasn't busy. The employees are extremely kind! Definitely going to come backThe staff are amazing, the cats are great, the aesthetic is on point. I am so glad I got engaged to my fiance here!My friend Holly and I had a WONDERFUL time at the Kawaii Kitty Cafe!! If I lived closer I could very much see myself coming here all the time to play with the adorable kitties. We made a reservation online for an hour ($11.00) and it went by so quickly because we were having so much fun. They have baskets full of cat toys to play with the kitties with, balls, mousies, ribbons, etc.
The playroom and is rather small and can only accommodate about 10 or so people comfortably without guests being on top of one another. I would definitely recommend making a reservation, because when I looked online a couple of days in advance, lot of time slots were booked up. I went on a week day and it was only my friend and I, another couple, and a group of three that overstayed their hour, so I think they're only strict with time slots if it's super busy. The decore was very cat cozy, filled with blankets, bubblegum and rainbow colors, and Neko Atsume characters. 
They also have fun looking milkshakes and drinks that we did not get to try, but they all looked like an amazing rainbow sugar rush. They can be made vegan if you ask, which is very cool for everyone of all dietary restrictions.
All of the kitties are adoptable, so head over and find your new furry friend!We were waiting for a table to open for brunch at a nearby restaurant when we stumbled upon the cafe. I remembered seeing something about this place and of course had to go in to check it out. 
We weren't able to go in to the cat room because it's reservations only and they were booked for the time we were there. I totally understand why they take reservations and limit the amount of people in with the cats.  Safety for the animals comes first! 
They do have windows into the room so if you happen to stop in you can at least view the cats.
The cafe is small and serves a small menu of food items and beverages, along with some baked goods. Since we already had plans for brunch, I got a chai latte and my friend got tea. They have to go cups if you want to patron the shop but don't have time to hang out. Those staying to visit with the cats can take their food and drink in the cat room or there are a couple of tables and seats not in with the cats. The latte was excellent! 
This place does promote adoptions for the cats and the staff informed us that they just marked their 50th adoption through the cafe! They partner with PAWS. What a great option if you are in the area and want to make your sale and money spent do some good in the community. Check their website for info on booking time with the cats if you need your kitty fix and want to help out the cat population. Or maybe if you are looking to adopt a cat but feel overwhelmed going into a shelter.I have visited the Kawaii Kitty Cafe twice with my husband, and each time has been a delight! We have our own cats at home, but we like to go to play with the kitties. The staff are super friendly and the cat room is so much fun and wonderfully decorated! The snacks and drinks are amazing and adorable. They also have a lot of great local zines and artwork. Definitely recommend for a unique experience! As a heads up, you must make a reservation and you must arrive on time.One of my friends and I went this past weekend and absolutely loved it. The cats were all so sweet. My coffee was also delicious but back to the cats.... I loved them all but my favorites were Mr Ravioli (major laid back love bug... If I could have another cat it would've been him!!!), Wiley (snuggler who loves being held) and Wes Mantooth (who is the silliest cat you'll ever meet). Definitely check this place out, especially if you're in the market for an amazing cat.Came here this time for kitties but also for the beautiful unicorns from Sweetbox. The owner, Kristin, saved me 2 cupcakes which was really sweet of her! The unicorn cupcake is too kawaii to eat and delicious. Kawaii Kitty Cafe always have the cutest sweets available!absolutely amazing. 2 best things combined into one; kitty shelter & coffee shop. i love everything about Kawaii Kitty Cafe & plan to go there frequently. all the kitties are so cute & the whole place has such a comfortable atmosphere. never stop being so cuteVery sweet decor and friendly staff.  Cafe with excellent cappuccino, cafe mocha and Hershey's ice cream.  We reserved the kitty room for one hour for my daughter and her two friends and they really enjoyed getting to meet the cats in the visiting side.  A word of caution, you can adopt a cat which can be heartbreaking if you want to bring home a furry friend but cannot.  Great way to get your kitty fix.This is just the cutest place and i wish there was another one. i love walking by and staring at all the new kitties.  It's nice to see such fast turn around on adoptions.. obviously this is much better than a slew of cages with too many kitties to choose from!!!I am a frequent Kitty Cafe goer. I love this place! If you are looking for something fun to do in the city, or simply a place to relax and enjoy a nice cup of coffee, this is the place to go. The location itself is great, as it is located just a minutes walk from the South Street shops and restaurants. You can either sit in the room with the kitties (upon reservation) or sit near the counter at a table to enjoy your coffee. There is an entry fee for the kitty room, but I am happy to pay it, as it goes to the care of the kitties.
I have gone multiple times of the day, from 12 PM to near closing at 6 PM. I have found that the 12PM timeslot has been the best, as most of the kitties are awake and playful. In the evening, especially after feeding, they do tend to get sleepier. Regardless, having a kitty sleep on your lap is just as amazing!This place is absolutely adorable, but it has a few flaws that can't be unnoticed. (Scroll down to the bottom for a summary.)**
I found this place on Yelp, and the reviews were great. We were sure it would be an exciting experience. When we arrived, the neighborhood was very shady and an unfitting area for it. Such a cute cafe should be put in a safer place since it seems that families frequently visit.
The decor has kitties and cute pastel colors everywhere, and the drinks are adorable too. Despite their cute appearance, they're a little too sweet. I got the unicorn hot chocolate that was topped with whipped cream, sprinkles, colorful sugars, frosted animal crackers, a giant marshmallow, and a little sugar Hello Kitty so you could guess how overwhelming the sweetness was. I couldn't even finish it. However, my other friends' coffee (the kitty latte and the chai tea) barely tasted like anything. One of my friends did get the mango orange smoothie that was redeemable on the drink part. They were a bit on the pricey end and not really worth it in my opinion, but they made for cute pictures.
What I was really upset about was the fact that you had to have a RESERVATION to be able to actually spend time with the cats in their "cat lounge." I was completely unaware of this when we walked through the door because nothing said you had to make a reservation to play with them. It was very disappointing to be let down like that, but we made a reservation at a later time when they were free. So we walked in at 3, but we couldn't see the cats until 5. I was expecting it to be like a cat cafe in Japan where you could just sit down and have a nice cup of coffee while cats play around you and you could play with them without an additional cost, but Kawaii Kitty Cafe's policy isn't like that.
A lady came in to adopt the three kittens they had just before our turn, so that was sort of disappointing to see them go before we met them. To our surprise, when it was our turn, four other stranger came to join us. You'd think after paying $11 a person/an hour (there were four of us so it was $44 in total) that we'd be able to have the room to ourselves, but they filled it up to capacity (8-9 people). The other four people in the room with us weren't rude, but it was awkward having to fight for each cat's attention. (Note that there were 6 cats in the room and 8 people so it was sort of unfair since it forces some visitors to be left out.)
The place did have a couple redeemable qualities, though. The employees were polite, the music was calm and sweet while we played with the kitties, and the cats were very clean and groomed as well as the cat lounge. (Papi was my personal favorite! He was so friendly and energetic. He was super soft, too.) 
At the end of all of this, the experience was satisfactory. My hopes were let down, and I blame it on how uninformed I was about the entire process. This place has a lot of potential, and it could have been much better. However, I would come again and give the place another chance now that I've learned. It's definitely a place to visit, though. No place in Philly is like this. Just be sure to look this place up before going.
**The area is sorta shady and the prices are expensive. (We spent $60+ for four drinks and time with the cats for an hour.)
**Be sure to make a reservation to ensure playtime with the kitties.
**Cats can get adopted at any time, so some disappear before you meet them.
**Be prepared to share cats' attention! Making gentle sounds usually works.
**The cafe is cute as a first date. As a rule of thumb, bring someone with you.I've been dying to come here! We came here on a snowy Wednesday afternoon for my Dad's b-day. $44 for 4 people isn't too bad and especially when it's going back to the animals! 
We looked at the cafe to see if we wanted any drinks but decided against it. Most of the drinks were a bit pricey. I believe the milkshake was $10. 
We enjoyed meeting the cats and playing with them for an hour. Sadly, the majority of them were sleeping though. A couple of the cats were willing to play for awhile but most of them didn't want to be bothered. My only criticism for this place is that the furniture seemed a little dirty and the space wasn't very large. I definitely felt a little crammed in there. Other than that, loved playing with the kitties!Adorable place to visit. Wish there were more options for drinks. The lady was very nice and seems like she cared for the cats. Though, note that many of the cats are tired.This is the most warm and welcoming place in the city of Philadelphia. The staff is so loving and compassionate and caring. The decor is phenomenal. And the milkshakes are so yummy and decadent (though at the time I am writing this the cafe is being repaired and no food/drink is being served at the moment). And of course, always lots of cute cats that need homes! Protip: they are usually most rambunctious in the evening when the cafe is getting ready to close as cats are crepuscular. 
To everyone complaining that the cats don't come out when they are there for their reservations: Get over yourself. They are cats, not robots. The staff can't control what they do and when they sleep. If you expect a staff member to drag a frightened kitten from under the sofa to entertain you, you should not be here and don't deserve to be around live creatures. 
Go and enjoy the Kawaii Kitty Cafe! It is the perfect place to go when you are having a bad day and need a pick-me-up or just when you feel like doling out tummy rubs to little fluffy bb's.If you crave the company of cats and like the idea of passing a cheerful hour in their company with a tasty treat for yourself, come on down. We enjoyed meeting the owners. The dream of  creating this  business model---a meet-and-greet cat adoption opportunity and delicious food-- trumped their old jobs. And the cats! Each a character. (I imagine the cast changes as individuals are adopted.)  We enjoyed chatting with the different visitors we overlapped with during our time there too.Ugh best cat cafe I've ever been to! Definitely recommend making a reservation. The cats are so social and friendly I loved playing with them while drinking a delicious iced matcha latte. It was my lucky day, they dropped off a bunch of new kittens during my reservation and I got to pet them. Please note that if you're coming here for some coffee that's not the purpose of this place. It's a great opportunity for the cats to gain some exposure and win some hearts over and find a home.Maybe I'm just a big softie, but I love this place! I'm a cat person to begin with so getting to hang out with some furry friends is always a good time. Add in some fun drinks to the mix and it's even better. I love the pink and purple aesthetic and the whole establishment is just too cute. The cat room itself is pretty small, so it can get cramped if there's a lot of people inside, but there's ample seating at least and every spot is good for cat watching. It's $11 an hour to reserve a spot in the cat room, but it goes towards a good cause and helps to socialize all the kitties. Be careful though, you might just end up taking one home since they're all up for adoption! It's just too darn cute.I had a great time here. We booked a couple of hours just to hang with the kitties. The drinks were yummy, and the people running the store were friendly and told us each cat's name and personality. The rules for the cafe and how to interact with the cats are very clear, and both the cafe and cat room itself was clean and attractive. I would come back.Wow! What a great way to add some joy to your day. If you love cats, this is THE place to be. I recently came here with my girlfriend and we took our chances on a walk-in appointment. We were told to come back in an hour's time and we'd have a 30 min slot to enjoy. Did that, came back and had a ball. The cats were so varied in their personalities, some bold, some shy, some a tad too aggressive, but that was just one guy who did not get along with any cats period. They have a mini-café in the back as their name gives away and while the prices are silly high, it's good knowing it's funding such a great service where people can just disconnect and receive kitty therapy for as low as $11/hr as an adult. I definitely recommend reserving online as it seems popular and you might not get as lucky as we did. Some good things to know are that you will be in the room with anyone else booked on the same timeslot and the room is small with a street-facing window so expect a lot of gawkers passing by. Anyway, I left this place feeeeeline fine and had no issues whatsoever besides wanting to stay all day. Keep it up guys and good luck to all the cats finding a good home.We had so much fun at the Kawaii Kitty Cafe! Staff was super, the drinks were yummy and cute and it was so much fun to play with all the kitties as well!This place was great! Seating is a bit limited and you need a reservation to be in the "cat room", FYI. But my wife and I found two stools next to a window so we could see all the cats! Their unicorn hot chocolate is ridiculous and awesome - a mountain of whip cream, lucky-charms-esque marshmallows, and a giant marshmallow next to it. Had a great visit!I mean, who doesn't love the idea of having coffee or hot chocolate with sweet adoptable cats and kittens! The staff is friendly and proceeds from drink sales and the kitty visitation go towards taking care of the cats. Definitely going back!