I can't go to Chinatown and not stop here.
Grab a tray and tongs, and go wild. Take your tray to the counter and the worker will bag them up for you.
The pastries are dirt cheap (less than $1) and delicious. There is a huge variety of sweet and savory pastries and buns. I LOVE the pineapple buns and coconut buns, and the egg custard tarts are delicious. The cakes and rolls in the display case are slightly more expensive ($1-2), and are definitely something you need to try.We always go here when we go to an event at the Convention Center.  The pastries freeze well if you let them thaw in the microwave.I like KC's for a quick cone-shaped sponge cake snack (I love peeling the paper off) and a bubble tea. They use cute bubble tea cups with happy fish and crabs printed on them. The fruit they use is seasonal, but they usually have some kind of melon or mango. I haven't enjoyed their other pastries as much as the sponge cake, so that is what I always stick with.
The servers are always nice. It is pretty cheap, but cash only.I ordered the Cha shu buns here and really enjoyed them. I did get a little fatty pieces in my buns but they were easy to pick out.I've been dozens of Asian bakeries in the U.S. and I'd have to rank this place among the very bottom. It was the first time I threw out an unfinished smoothie and pastry. Perhaps they were just having an off day but I would not visit this place again nor eat their product even if they had given it to me for free. It's such a shame though because the people at the counter were so nice.It would be 5 stars but I miss the days when pastries were under $1.00 each, like $0.70. Nevertheless, I will say the three that I took home: roast pork bun, pineapple bun, and hot dog were delicious. It's been awhile since I ate some good Chinese pastries, and these were awesome. I only wish DC had a place like this.I haven't been to that many Asian bakeries in Philadelphia Chinatown, but KC's Pastries is one of my favorite bakeries. Like any other bakeries in Chinatown, it has the most common pastries, such as Hot Dog Bun, Egg Custard, Coconut Bun, Croissant, Pork Bun, and etc. However, this is one of the decent ones, where both the prices are cheap and the staff is pretty friendly. Besides the quality and variety (bread, pastries, cakes, sweets), KC's Pastries doesn't have anything that really distinguish itself from others. 
Still KC's Pastries is one of the better ones in Chinatown.Must try their orignal milk tea because it is the best I've had. I went there on a monday so everything was fully stocked, especially their egg tarts. Nothing like going into a bakery when all the baked goods are still there.Bakery with nice atmosphere and wide range of selection! Staff however is rude and unfriendly. Snickering and laughing at customers when we do not understand them. I tried ordering a birthday cake and they wanted to charge me $55 for a 10" cake. I said no and wanted something else and went with the $35 cake. The two ladies behind the counter just stood there hovering over me as I look in the catalog and started laughing and clearing talking about me. I let this go, but  the next time I picked it up the same two ladies are there smirking at me. 
Anyways - again, good selection of food but rude staff.I kinda went crazy when I stumbled upon this place. Their bbq pork bao is great, the custard tarts tasted fantastic, and I might have to go back to continue sampling their big selection. Only downside, which isn't even against them is that I couldn't fit more stuff on my tray or I would've bought more stuff!The prices are great and the food is delectable. Great selection of savory and sweet choices, and everything is fresh, delicious, and HUGE. My favorite are the savory buns, especially those with pork or chicken; the sweet "butter cream" is literally butter mixed with sugar and is a little too rich for me. 
The bubble tea selections are good but the actual bubble tea I ordered was disappointing, especially because I dislike chunks of bean in my drinks (I ordered the red bean flavor).Very reasonable price pastries. I strongly recommend the egg tart and the french pastries. The pork bun is really fulfilling and yum. A decent Asian bakery compared to all Chinatown bakeries in Philly.I came here a good number of time when I was staying here in Philly in the summer. I don't know what''s special about this pastry, but because I came so many times with my family, this deserves a good review. I love their service here because the ladies at the counter are very attentive and will listen to what you're saying.
I always come in here for their drinks. I've had the mango slush boba and it's pretty good. There's a very strong mango taste and you'll get what you paid for. I have also tried the coffee and the green milk tea as well. All of which were very very good. I highly recommend that you guys try the drinks here!
The baos.. I haven't tried that many times :( but I would say that their taro baos are very good. They're really warm and soft.. and was a great snack/breakfast meal for a ride up to NYC!
Although this bakery might be one of the 9832402384 in the Chinatown, I think what puts this one aside and above all is their good drinks that come with the pastries sold :)K.C.s is the best. Absolute fave is the pineapple coconut bun, also must try  are the Taro Buns, sesame balls, yam or custard tarts, cornet sponge cake and strawberry mochi(you have to ask; it's kept cold} Gppd bubble milk tea as well.A typical Chinese bakery: tasty treats at ridiculously low prices. If you're a fan of Chinese pastries and sweets, or looking for something interesting to snack on while walking through Chinatown, this is a great option. Dozens of little treats can be had for under a $1Egg tarts came out fresh so I was excited. It's a pretty cheap and you can mix and match a variety of pastries and goodies. I went for the egg tarts ($1 each) and they were alright. Pastry itself was nice and flaky but the custard was bland. Good deals though!Hands down my favorite bakery in Philly so far. My favorite ones are the pineapple buns, the custard cream buns, chicken curry buns, and everything with red bean(read bean buns and wife buns(老婆饼)). I'll always make sure I stop by KC's Pastries when I'm in Philly.  
Really decent prices and really tasty/not that sweet pastries here. Sometimes demands are higher than supply, and you can see empty trays in the display cases. Also, min $20 for credit card and hard to locate a parking spot in Chinatown.Their Coffee Sponge Cake Roll is AWESOME. That's all I get here though and that's all this review is for.  
I tried their lemon sponge cake - just take my advice, and if you like lemon cake, don't order it - you'll likely be disappointed like me.  Just get their coffee sponge cake.This bakery used to be my favorite but the quality been decreasing over the years and the price been increasing. Got a whole Swiss roll cake and ask the lady how long can it be kept before it goes bad and she did mention a week. After two days of it being in the fridge the cake started molding. Along with that I got a small slice to eat right away and found egg shells in it. I didn't give this place a one star because I still love coming for the drink. The cold lemon tea is amazing and great for the summer weatherI work nearby, so I bought breakfast there sometimes,
like their egg tart,
I could see a fluffy cat sometimes.Checked out KC's w/JJ for a few fruit bubble freezes.  Portion size, price, and quality easily earn them four-stars.  I mean, 3 bucks for a real fruit smoothie with bubbles. On my next trip, I decided I'd give their pastries a chance too.  There are a ton to choose from, so your bound to find something you like.  I know I managed to come across quite a few reasonably prices, fresh and nice sized pastries to enjoy following one of our meals in Chinatown.
Not much else to say. Its a small shop that I think is family run.  I haven't seen more than 1 person working the counter and it is usually quite busy.  They are friendly, but usually appear to be running around too much to help with suggestions.  Given the prices, my advice is to roll the dice with anything you think looks good... it probably is!Self-serve, cheap, big, delicious pastries. LOVE their pineapple buns. Big with lots of crumb topping.AMAZING food. Love the set up, where you fill your own tray with baked goods before buying; just a heads up, they generally don't take credit cards but the last time I went and ALL I had with me was my plastic, the lady ran it for me anyways; even if it was at a loss to her business with the bank fee etc. amazing family bakery :)Oh wow, this place is heaven for anyone with a sweet tooth. The aroma of fresh Chinese pastries fills the air, and the case is full of delectable treats that are priced exactly how I like them -- cheap! Also a great place to get bubble tea (the mango is unparalleled), and have you seen those cakes topped with fresh fruit? Amazing.Hooray for fresh Asian bread! I got the pineapple red bean bread as well as the pineapple bread with nothing inside. The crust outside was delicious and the bread was chewy and soft. Reasonable prices I guess at $1 for the red bean one and $.90 for the plain one (prices include tax). Not a super big selection, but definitely good bread. Smells good inside too!Decent pastries but not better than the Chinese pastries in DC, New York, and certainly not San Francisco.  (Spoiled Chinese food/bakery snob here.)Decent buns whose quality I can depend on. They sell out quickly so if you go too late the selection isn't great. I usually get the taro bun (very good), pineapple bun (my fave), hot dog bun, and ham and egg bun. If I'm extra hungry I will try some others but generally I'm not much of a fan of meat buns.Hands down the best regular bubble teas I've had. I refuse to try anywhere else because this place serves it fantastic at the right and reasonable price ($2.50), 50 cents less if you want without the bubbles. 
As far as the pastries go, not very impressed by them, only decent, there are better places in Chinatown for pastries.Fresh and inexpensive pastries. Not just the sweet ones. Barbecue pork is amazing! My favorite is the Pineapple Custard Cream Bun. 
Good luck having self control after you get some.Stopped in here while walking around and smelled the sweet aroma of baked goods...
I was looking to satisfy my craving for dan ta (egg custard) since I had those a lot when I spent my summer in Shanghai.  They had a bunch here for less than a buck.  We got 2 egg custards, 1 French style egg custard, 1 coconut bun, 1 sesame bun, 1 peanut butter bun, and a mango tapioca shake.
So far out of the pastries, I've only tried 1 of the egg custards and the French style one.  The French style one was pretty good, but nothing to write home about.  The egg custard however was amazing!  Since I had amazing egg custard along the streets of Shanghai a few years ago, I've been search for a good place for egg custard here in the US.  Even in NYC's Chinatown, the egg custard I got was way subpar to this one.  The egg custard here was just FRESH.  I savored every bite into this small custard.  Had I known it was gunna be this good, I woulda cleared out the tray!
As for the mango tapioca shake....wowwww!  This also is exactly like something I got back in Shanghai.  My girlfriend and I had another tapioca shake earlier today and it wasn't bad.  This however blew it out of the water.  This wasn't milk tea however (not sure if they have it); this was more of a icey/smoothie shake with the tapioca pearls.  The mango was sweet, not tart and sour.  The pearls were just right too, not too mushy, not too stiff.
Coconut bun for breakfast tomorrow along with the sesame bun (w/ mystery filling)....
I strongly recommend this place to anyone!
Ahh, I wanna go back now....This place has the best egg tarts with the buttery pie crust instead of the usually flake crust all other bakeries have. And they are self serve which is a plus. The down side to this place is the staff. Terrible terrible cashier that are super duper rude. Never ever breaks a smile even when your smiling. That's why they only deserve a 3 star.Loved the pineapple buns, egg tarts were also flaky and awesome. The serve yourself method was interesting, everything is separated into plastic serving bins.
You can't beat their prices, $0.80-$1.00 per bakery item. It's awesomeGet your hong kong style pineapple buns here! But you can't get there too late because they always sell out by the end of the day. Also buy the slices of toast--so yummy and buttery!Their green tea is so good, thinking about it right now is making me drool. Their egg tarts and BBQ pork bun is also very good.Favorite Chinatown bakery!
For a couple reason's KC is my go-to stop for buns and pastries alike. First, their buns look the best. Some places, the bread looks squished and generally unappetizing. Their's is also plump and gleaming. Their egg tarts also look pristine. Second, everything is always fresh. No need for refrigeration of their goods. Often times, the buns are still warm when I purchase them and I never have to worry about getting stale bread, even towards the end of the day. Third, the staff there is so nice. I only visit maybe 1-2 times a month, but they always recognize me and try to make conversation.
The only complaint I can think of is their pricing. Definitely one of the pricier of Chinatown bakeries, however, you are getting your money's worth in terms of quality. Next time you're in the area, stop by and pick up a couple buns. The self-serve aspect lets anyone take their time and grab as many/as few buns as they'd like!I've had almost everything here. The pastries, cake, bread, and bubble tea. It's all great! I've tried almost every other bakery in Chinatown but I think KC's is the best overall.Your one-stop shopping for Chinese sweet and savory pastries in Chinatown.  Large selection of pastries that are barely $1/piece.  Be prepared to go to town to get your fill, and don't forget to bring cash.Best Bubble Tea in Philadelphia hands down.  The buns are also amazing and freshly made, one of the best tasting I've had in the East Coast.  If you're in Chinatown Philly, you have to stop byAnd for my landmark 100th review, I give you: KC's Pastries, a hidden gem in China Town tucked just behind the arch. KC's is a small, square space ringed in delicious pastries of all kinds. Grab a tray, put a sheet of wax paper on top, and then take a pair of metal tongs and use them to select your pastries in a sanitary way. 
If you need a cheap, quick bite in China Town, KC's is great. The hot dogs nestled in sweet buns really steal the show, and are excellent when paired with bubble tea. They have a variety of flavors, and I can personally recommend the strawberry, lychee, and cantaloupe.I've been going to place for YEARS.  It's cash only so be prepared but everything is so cheap that it won't matter!  Most buns are $.90 and their pastries start at around $1.00.  Their red bean buns and taro buns are by far my favorite.  This place is fantastic too because their shop is lined with shelves of buns so you don't have to weight in line to decide what you want!  Pick up a tray, grab some tongs, load up on your delicious things and then head to the register!They used to be a 4 star in my book. Then they almost worked their way down to a 1 star. Read to see what almost saved & ruined them.
Birthday cake ordering for my boyfriend. I called on a Monday asking for a pick up NEXT Monday for a Hello Kitty Birthday cake (joke cake) with Happy Birthday "insert name" on the cake. The cake was $22.00 which is a little over standard pricing, but that's ok. KC pastries is pretty delicious. 
Plans changed, and I decided I would pick up the cake on Sunday instead of Monday. I called Friday night to verify I can pick it up SUNDAY instead. The lady on the phone said " ok ok no problem you come Sunday". I had an inkling she didn't understand my English. So 5 minutes later i called back and said. " Sorry to bother you again. This is Tiffany. So you understand, that my cake was ordered for MONDAY but i will be there SUNDAY, you are telling me it will 100% be ready for me on SUNDAY at 5:30 pm??"  lady said " yes, ok ok come in". I asked her if she spoke mandarin. She said yes.
So in mandarin I told her the same thing. I said I AM COMING IN SUNDAY NOT MONDAY HAVE THE BIRTHDAY CAKE READY PLEASE. you know where this is going...
I come Sunday at 5:30 as I promised her. Guess what? NO FUCKING CAKE IS READY. This makes me very upset. It's a fucking birthday cake. You know that can't be replaced in time. So they gave me at $20 fruit cake out of the shelf. Wrote " happy birthday insert name". No hello kitty. Nothing. They gave me a $2 credit though... but in my book that's not enough. Because I paid $22.00 for a PROMISED HELLO KITTY BIRTHDAY CAKE WITH NAME. You gave me a fruit cake that was $20 with a 2 dollar credit. NOT EQUAL. That is what makes them 1 star
+ 1 star because I had been frequenting this place for the past SEVEN YEARS. They were my bakery of choice. 7 years ago their egg tarts, sponge cakes were 50 cents. Now, 90cents. Still just as delicious. And for that, I give them + 1 star. Also, because the owner or lady, apologized perfusely because she wasn't there Friday. I know it wasn't her fault. The other lady kept trying to blame her bc it was her handwriting. But she wrote down the ORIGINAL order. Not the order I placed TWICE on friday. FAIL FAIL FAIL never ordering there again.Good bubble milk tea. Very fresh bubbles. Better than the kung fu tea around the corner.KC's Pastries reminds me of childhood.  My mom would pick up pastries from KC's and come home with a white box full of pork buns, sponge cakes (chocolate and coffee flavored), coconut custard buns. and lemon curd rolls.  
We used to pick the pastries behind the counter, but now it's more self-service.  You'll find many of the buns in glass bins around the store.  Take a tray and use the tongs to pick what you want, then head to the counter to ask for some additional pastries behind the counter before paying for your goodies.Egg tarts were delicious - especially when they are hot out of the oven! They make them fresh throughout the day so hopefully you'll be lucky enough to get them warm
As for their savory buns...I would stick to the sweet buns.Too many flies all over the place, especially when they are all over the buns!  They will wrap individual bun for you into a small plastic bag.  I may be too picky, but I am not sure the glue use in the plastic bag is safe to use.  Is the glue food grade or we are eating the chemicals?  Many people do not know that chemicals in the glue can be bad for you.  When you slide the bun into the bag, the bun will pick up the glue! 
The quality of the pastries are average.  Nothing has been changed in this place since a decade ago when I visited.Your average, everyday Chinese bakery...with a selection of Chinese baked goods for all around a dollar or less, you CAN'T go wrong :)
There is more space in here than some other bakeries, so if you do want to sit down and enjoy your yummy snack, you are able to do so here.Food is pretty good. My favorite is their ice cold milk tea. So good and it's only $2.00! Definitely within my price range. Don't get their hot milk tea though. It's totally different than the cold one.Egg tarts were not good :( crust was crumbly and not flaky at all and just did not hold up well when I tried to eat it. The crust is supposed to be a puff pastry texture with layers, not some crumbly bs. Not a legit Hong Kong egg tart. The custard tasted ok but it was a little too soft for my liking.OMG.. love this place! I love Asian bakeries in general and I'm so in love with this one. 
You get anything from pineapple bun to egg tart to swiss rolls to char siu bao. Everything is so darn cheap. We are talking about $1 or 90 cents.. maybe a little more for fancier cakes. Holy cats. It's a total heaven for someone like me from the Midwest where it's lacking Asian bakeries. 
They also sell bubble tea and regular milk tea. I had the hot milk tea and it was soo good for the cold weather! My friend had the bubble tea and she said the tea is strong which she liked but the bubbles were little mush.The buns are not as good as it used to be.  The bread was not as fluffy.  The coconut filling was way too sweet.  The sausage roll (sausage wrapped in puff pastry) had a really strong smell and it was super greasy (even considering the sausage + puff pastry combination).  
And it was very disappointing to find that they no longer had buns with mochi fillings.  But overall, it is still a great place to get buns with super cheap price.Good egg tart! Other items are decent as well but the $1 egg tart is just simply delicious :) They also have bubble tea and other drinks.the pastries are great, the bubble tea is strong (bubbles are a little mushy but i don't mind), and it's all so inexpensive!!! why would anyone pay three times what they charge here for something of lesser quality? i don't know, but you definitely get your money's worth here. also, i love the system they have of you putting your pastries on a tray. it's like shopping, and it gives you more time to browse without feeling like you're annoying workers as i sometimes do if i ask for many things from the case.
the sesame balls are hands down one of my favorite things to eat in the city, and my mom sent me back to school with a bag full of goodies from here that i'm sure clocked in at under $10. basically, it's cheap and delicious -- everything you could want.We decided to visit Chinatown on a Sunday to find some breakfast.  There were not many choices for breakfast in the Reading Terminal Market.  We walked into KC's Pastries and picked the peanut butter with mochi bread, coconut pineapple bread and a slice of mocha roll.  The bread was soft and not overly sweet, better than some of the bakeries in Taipei and better than any of the Asian pastry shops I tried in the DC area.   For 80 cents each, the bread was a bargain.  In the DC area, it would cost anywhere from $1.10 to $1.65 each.  There was a lot of mochi/coconut inside of the bread.  The pineapple crust on top of the bread was really delicious, too.  
The mocha roll was very disappointing.  It did not have any coffee taste, not sweet at all and there was too much cream.  Since the cream had no taste, it tasted a bit like soften butter (in a bad way).
We went back and bought six more bread (3 sweet and 3 savory).   We loved the sweet buns but did not care for any of the savory ones (we got staty beef, roasted pork, curry chicken).  The bubble tea seemed very popular here, but I didn't get a chance to try.I bought 2 taro bubble teas here and they were truly terrible. It was bitter and was not even the same color as the ones that I've had elsewhere. I was disappointed.Phenomenal food at an excellent price. My boss recommended the bakery to me, saying it was one of the best in Philly. I purchased a pork bun and mousse tart. I just had the pork bun which was amazing. I'm saving the mousse for dessert tonight and can't wait. The two of them were $3 total, a super low deal.When I think Chinese, I never think dessert.  Until now.  The sweet buns I've gotten here are so delicious and the taste of the bread is similer to danish.  I really enjoy the cocktail bun which has a sweet filling of what I'm assuming is a coconut / pineapple mix as well as the pineapple bun which is all bread with a sweet crumb topping.  Everything in here is super inexpensive, I paid $3.00 for 4 buns.   
This place is also very big on self service.  The buns are all in bins and you take a tray and tongs and grab what you want and the cashier will bag them for you.   The only thing is the staff here never smiles or says hi.  So the first time I wasn't sure if I was following procedure and had to watch other customers to figure how how it works.  
They also sell more traditional looking cakes and pasteries but I come here for the buns all the way.  
Pretty sure its cash only.After Dim Sum lunch, we explored much of Chinatown in search of a bakery that looked like they had fresh pastries. While I was taking pictures of the archway, my honey surprised us with three egg tarts and his favorite sesame balls!!! I loved the sesame balls, but the egg tarts crust was not flakey like what I'm usually familiar with.
I highly recommend this place! Its clean and pastries are fresh!I was kind of creeped out that the lady behind the counter handled my rolls and my money with her hands, but I have to say that the food was awesome! I got the chicken curry roll and the hot dog roll and the whole thing was only $1.80.I've lived in Chinatown for over 5 years and this bakery has been my consistent favorite. You can't beat the freshly baked pineapple bread (only $0.90!!) and sponge cake. I've tried the pineapple bread from most bakeries in Chinatown and in my opinion, KC's is the best. Stop in for a quick treat! You won't regret it.Overall, I was happy with this place. A pretty good selection of buns and everything I got tasted fresh, including the pineapple bun, pineapple with cream, sponge cake with shredded pork, and pork bun.  The sponge cake was incredible! Super moist and soft, one of the best I've tasted. Everything was about $1 each, which seemed average.One of the things I enjoy doing while in Chinatown is visiting different bakeries in the area. Most bakeries in Chinatown offer the same things: boba (bubble tea), smoothies, small, medium and large buns and cakes, and bottled/boxed drinks. One of my favorites, though, is KC's Pastries on 10th St. by the gate. My friends and I usually come here to get a couple of buns to snack on in between classes (when we were in college) or just to have for later.
They have a nice serve-yourself atmosphere for the variety of buns they sell. Each bun is between $.70 and $.90 (prices have gone up since the last time I was there), which is fairly decent compared to the prices you would pay at an American bakery. For the people who love sweet, this may not be the bakery for you. Chinese pastries and cakes tend to not be overly sweet like American-made pastries and cakes. However, the tastes of the Chinese pastries and cakes are still satisfying and just sweet enough to not give you a tooth- or stomachache.
Some of their bun selections include pineapple bun (bun with a coating of pineapple-flavored crumble), snow mountain bun (bun with a baked-in white top, semi-sweet), meat buns, cream buns, bean buns, ham and cheese buns, and hot dog bun (think pigs in a blanket, but rather than a blanket, it's inside of a pillow).
On the side, when you first walk in to this small bakery is a help-yourself soft drink cooler filled with an assortment of Asian-inspired and "regular" American drinks. I love that they sell juice boxes with amazing flavors like chrysanthemum tea and lychee. The prices of the drinks vary, with the juice boxes being the cheapest at $.90 each. (Again, these prices went up.)
For someone more adventurous, there's the selection of bubble tea. From what I remember, they have about five flavors: taro, green tea, coffee, watermelon, and...mango? They might even have honeydew. Don't quote me on that, but they are quick with turnaround after you order one, so you won't have to wait long. Unfortunately, I think unless you have a really big order, they are strictly cash-only.
Regardless of what negative things happen (price increase, shortage of delicious buns), this will still be my favorite bakery in town. :)This shop is my guilty pleasure when I am downtown. They have amazing sweet pastries of various flavors (custard, red bean, pineapple, almond) and also some with chicken, beef, etc. They are usually all under a dollar. They also have bubble tea. 
Only catch is they sometimes sell out of certain flavors by afternoon.This Chinese bakery has a lot of variety, but I wasn't too impressed with the coconut pastries.  I tried the coconut bun, coconut roll and coconut tart - they were just okay for me, as I found the coconut filling not that sweet compared to other Chinese coconut pastries I have had from several other bakeries (perhaps I have an extra sweet tooth?).
I was disappointed that they did not have fresh fruit smoothies with lychee coconut jelly.  I think for a place that carries bubble tea and a variety of items, it would be good to make fresh fruit smoothies, too!
Oh well, still on a quest to find a place with really good fresh fruit smoothie with lychee coconut jelly and coconut pastries in Philly...I've been to Bread Top House and Mayflower Bakery (both on Race Street) and this place wins (both others are solid though, to be clear; this is a preference).
Atmosphere: When you walk in you're hit with the smell of freshly baked egg-y bread sweetness. It's a good sized bakery. No places to sit but buns and rolls line both sides of the space, and it was notably clean and cheery when I went. 
Product: Excellent selection of baked buns - the largest range of the 3. Sweet and savory. See the many photos and other reviews. They also have a ton of beautiful mooncakes in September. I had red bean buns at all 3 bakeries (see 1st sentence) as a basis for comparison, and both Bread Top House and KC's were chock full of red bean goodness. 
Most buns are about $1. You can't go wrong, especially compared to the $4 scones we see at coffee shops. Will definitely be back!Food is always fresh and delicious. I make it a point to stop here every time I go to Chinatown. If it wasn't cash only, I'd definitely buy more. Sometimes I don't carry cash because, you know, credit cards. 
Sponge cake is a favorite of mine from KC Pastries. Staff is always friendly here.For sure the best place for buns in Chinatown. KC is clean and thats important for me. Their buns are more fresh just because their business is good and they have to bake constantly. The variety of buns is a plus. The best thing about KC is they always come up with new items. My friend told me about this fried pork chop bun that's new. Pork chop bun? What is that? I knew I had to try it. It turn out to be ok. My friend loved it though. But I just like the idea they don't stop at one place and are always bringing new ideas. Def 5 stars!3.5 stars because the bakery is located in Philly Chinatown, where you can find better Chinese buns and cake easily.  
We visited a few bakeries in Chinatown.  Since I prefer to choose my own buns, I always ended up buying some bread here.  Maybe because they bake the buns in the store, the store always smelled like freshly baked bread.  
But I had to say that I am a little disappointed with the things  we got here.  They were still not bad, but you can find better buns/cake/bubble tea somewhere else.  We got a bubble tea, a fried dumpling, a vanilla Swiss roll, a few sweet buns, a few savory ones.  The fried dumplings (seasoned ground pork wrapped inside sweet rice dough (like the mochi) and then deep fried) were really good.  The outer "crust" was crunchy and the mochi portion was chewy.  The bubble tea had good flavor, but some of the bubbles were not cooked through.  All the buns were not bad, except the roasted pork bun.  The fillings for the roasted pork bun were like paste.  I couldn't taste any actual roasted pork in the bun.
If we visit Philly again, I think we will go to Bread Top to get the baked goods.This review is ONLY for the bubble tea.  It was very good, not the absolute best, but a good close competition.  The tea was on the sweeter side for these things (yeah!!!! in my opinion).  It seemed like it was made from real tea and was very milky.  Yum!  Great bubble tea!My parents have an insatiable obsession with Chinese bakeries and they keep mental notes of the bakeries' comparability to the less-than mediocre ones in Chicago. Therefore my typical souvenirs to my parents from domestic travels are Cantonese-style baked buns. Cheap and fulfilling! 
With KC's, I bought a variety of pineapple, cocktail, and barbecue pork buns. They're rather massive and one bun for breakfast would definitely last me until past lunch before I start feeling hungry again. Other than that, I think they can be softer and more moisture.Great service, price and taste. Yelp wants me to add more but I have nothing left to say.This place has always stood out in Chinatown for its cleanliness. Selection might be a little more limited but everything is fresh and if you go too late, you're bound to find some stuff sold out. 
Another reason I like coming here is for the original milk tea. I find it to be better than Tea Do or Tea Talk. Not only is the tea better, but they used crushed ice as an added bonus, which I love. 
Two egg tarts, two bigger pastries and a milk tea came up $6.25. Good and affordable.What KC's Pastries lacks in variety, it makes up for in environment. There isn't much variety to its pastries, such as lotus cakes and stuff, but it's perfectly all right.
This has to be THE cleanest, and most well organized bakery in Chinatown. I think looks has to do with much of how one receives an establishment, and KC's pastries has it nailed. It is not cramped, the walls not littered with faded posters and hand-written advertisements. When you walk in, to your right is a self-serve station - tongs hanging, a platter, and wax sheets. On the left and right walls are displays and shelves of pastries, each organized into their own section. This leaves much room in the middle to walk around, and is very conducive for crowds. Unlike other bakeries, there IS room to walk around and browse the pastries without competing with someone. 
The pastries, I've only tried 1: the pineapple bun with coconut filling. It was pretty good - above average. Sweet and the crust not too flaky. Haven't tried anything else, but I'm definitely coming back!I like it for obvious reasons. If you don't know what I mean it's okay you don't need to know.
Hank likes it and he gives almost everyone 2 or 3 stars, He gave them 4 stars! http://www.yelp.com/user_details?userid=nnwBdqGHIAJQ5QX9lHOtrQ
Hank has over 1600 reviews! So out of all of those mostly 2 and 3 star  reviews he gives KC's a 4. We have many pictures for obvious reasons but we are in them so  I am not posting them.I like the milk tea there the best and the best custard bun in chinatown. Gotta be careful though, make sure you get them when they are fresh.
So in my dozens of visits there I got ONE smile from the lady that takes my order and I like to play a little game with myself and try to be super nice and make her smile again. It never works. (Yes I have tried tipping and that didn't work either)I love their egg tarts here ! They are 1 dollar each ! The custard is not too sweet and the crust is not super flaky, which I prefer sometimes ! I have not tried any of their other pastries and they have a good selection !I like their bubble tea, especially the mango, or strawberry kiwi or lychee.  And their Cha siu bao (white barbecue pork bun).  The people are nice and the prices are good.For some reason, I prefer this KC to the one on 11th, but I don't really remember why.  Same simple bubble teas & same vast array of mysterious pastries that I'm too scared to try without the guidance of a veteran.  Hooray for cheap sweets!I bought their milk tea boba and it was awful. The boba was hard on the inside for most of them and the milk tea was too sweet with a weird flavor. I also got the coconut bread with red bean and it was very average. Definitely not coming back here again.One of the many bakeries in Chinatown, this offers a quick, sweet bubble tea, and many pastries. Come after 2p, though, and they're typically out of the hot steamed buns of many sorts (other than the vegetarian ones) and you'll be looking for egg tarts elsewhere.
They also make custom cakes (which are much less sweet than the average American cake), too, usually topped with glazed fruit. 
Cash only.  A couple small tables, but I'd expect to dine and dash here.Sponge cake. $2. 
It is a size of a large grapefruit (about 3" diameter and 2.5" tall) baked in a cupcake-shape. Tastes good! It could be decorated into a small (holiday or any-day-is-a-celebration) cake for two (or one :D).
It tastes home baked, with the egg and milk flavor. Not sugary but sweet. Not oily. The vanilla flavor is artificial, but for this price point it was expected.
It is not oily (as stated above), and it could taste a little dry. Because of the smaller size, it bakes faster than larger cakes. If baked for a little shorter and wrapped until cool, the cake retains its moisture with no additional oil.