Obviously people posting above have never eaten at a half decent restaurant.  Paaahh! I called to see if I had to make a reservation (it was 730 pm). The last says yes, its getting crowded.  I make the res for 830. I walk in with my wife and there are 4 people there!  Yes 4! The place seats about 500. The bread was reheated and hard, the food sucked. The service was good but what the hell does that count for? Never ever eat here again.We ate here a couple nights during our stay and were pretty pleased. I can't say much about a wait or anything because both times it was well after the dinner hour. Our servers were always prompt and very pleasant. They also were able to help me determine what was gluten free on their menu. 
The atmosphere is beautiful with lots if soft blue and water themed decorations. Huge bay windows right on the water and nice low lighting to give it a casual feeling.
The menu had a decent amount of options for gluten free. I don't remember there being a ton of options, but enough to find something I'd like.
I don't recall everything I tried but I do remember having the shrimp cocktail, sharing an entree and having their creme brûlée. Everything was good and the cream brûlée especially memorable. 
Price wise, things are pricey as you'd expect in a hotel restaurant, but not exuberant. Portion size was alright, perhaps a little smaller than normal. 
Overall I think it's a great hotel restaurant with tasty options, some of which are gluten free. Id be happy to eat here again.Not only is the food excellent, but the service is unbelievable.  We brought my ailing mother-in-law there for breakfast, and they made her feel like a queen, catering to her every need with kind words and smiles.  This is the kind of service you see in the movies but rarely actually receive.
What a wonderful place to eat in Philly, and with a great view as well!Okay, so I'm here at the Hyatt with my family because we lost power and have no heat at our house due to the ice storm... 
I will start with the positives, they were few...
The bread was fresh and warm. And we were given ice water almost immediately. The salad was fresh and the dressing was a balsamic vinaigrette (very nice). The truffle fries were just okay but edible.
That's it for the positives, I hope you enjoyed them!
Dinner was awful!!! I ordered the chicken sandwich with broccoli rabe and provolone. Chicken was definitely frozen and not cooked all the way, pink on the inside, gross! My kids ordered the spaghetti and meatballs and crunchy chicken pops. Both kids entrees came with a salad. The meatballs were frozen (confirmed by waiter), they were cold and smelled disgusting and tasted worse. Yuck! The chicken pops were disgusting as well. Needless to say, my kids barely ate. They stuffed themselves with bread and butter and salad. The total was $40 and  a total waste! I hope we don't get sick! We could have gone out but it was freezing and we just wanted to stay in and stay warm. That was whole point of coming to the Hyatt!! I do not recommend restaurant! I love the Hyatt hotel though!!!After waiting 30 minutes for our lunch to be served because our waiter was too busy serving a large table, my Mediterranean inspired sandwich arrived on a large, folded flour tortilla instead of the promised flat bread...not a good substitution at all...inside was a huge, stringy mushroom topped with spinach, cheese and pignoli nuts drenched in  balsamic vinegar...not appetizing and not delicious in any way.   Will not return.Decided to try this place for lunch.  I had the turkey Cobb sandwich which was excellent.  Nice portion of sliced turkey on brioche with avocado tomato bacon and lettuce.  Really good and good service too.This was my go to spot at Penn's Landing!  I liked the idea of pulling up, valet parking my car and having dinner...it used to be that as long as you got your ticket validated up to 4 hours, parking was included.  Then, I was okay with the change and paying 10 for valet parking for dining at restaurant.  When you're dressed nicely, the convenience of valet is a special touch - and I may be inclined to spend a bit more time (and money) in the restaurant to experience the riverfront dining.  Last Friday, we had the shrimp cocktail appetizer and a couple mixed cocktails.
Now they make you park your own car- self park.  No real incentive to dine at Keating's anymore in my opinion. I used to bring my daughters and I would encourage other people to come down because it was such a neat place to dine and parking was so convenient.  
Friday nite, we Self parked took an extra 20 minutes.  I didn't see any security...will probably not go back...too inconvenient...can't see the value....cause spent $50 bucks at  Keating's and $10 self park. The parking incentive is a big deal when trying to attract local folks for dinner.  
Service was great...love the location..  No more cute Caesar salad appetizer and no more separate bar menu. I could go somewhere else, spend less money on better food and pay the same for parking.
I would have given 4 1/2 stars for location and service  folks, but I really didn't like having to self park and the removal of the bar menu.There were 3 of us in our party on a Saturday - 6:00pm reservations as we were heading to the Penn's Landing Theater for an 8:00pm show.  
I would have given this a 2.5 rating since it was not all bad.  We all agreed the food was good and the river view was very nice.  Our server, Vanessa was excellent UNTIL she disappeared after she served our dinner and we never saw her again.  We sat for 20 minutes and flagged someone walking by who told us she took ill and that another server would be by shortly.  Seriously, the restaurant was hardly full and we had to do the flagging????  We later noticed one very harried guy, starting to take orders from others and assumed he was Vanessa's replacement.  No one else pitched in to help him.  Thank God we already had our dinners but we ordered dessert from him and when it did not show up after another 20 minutes - we canceled our order, paid our bill and left.Got a chance to eat here a couple times, and everything about the food and service was perfect.  Not to mention, you get a great waterfront location in Philadelphia, one of the few quality restaurants with that option.
I ordered the filet mignon and crab cake, along with the shrimp cocktail, just the right amount of each so I left stuffed while able to clear everything.
The service was fantastic, our waiter checked on us several times and even made us a Hummus appetizer to sample.  I would definitely go  back next time I plan dinner out downtown.My husband and I stayed at the Hyatt, so we decided to give this place a try.   What a mistake!  We sat by the water, problems 1) mosquitos 2) rap music.   Anyway, my salmon was BURNED, how can you burn salmon when you try to sear it?  My eggplants were rotten, ingredient check?  Not to mention raw zucchinis and squash.  Our waiter didn't even refil our coke.  never again.We went to Keatings for New Year's Eve, at a cost of $95 wasted dollars a person.  2013 was a pretty dismal year of my life, and Keating's NYE dinner really rounded it out.  
Here is the good - the food was decent.  My entree was a little cold by the time it got to me, but that wasn't the worst thing in the world.
What was really bad though was the service, and it had very little to do with the poor young man who was doing his best, and more with whoever did the staffing and decided that one guy could handle 9 tables on NYE.  We didn't get a drink, beyond the initial one we ordered and struggled to get even water throughout the course of the meal.  
There are many more things I could point out and complain about, but I don't really feel the need to hit on the minutiae.  However, if anyone is even thinking about going here next year for a fun, festive and upscale NYE dinner and fireworks, forget about it....don't come here, go somewhere else, as this was one of the worst NYE celebrations thrown by a restaurant that I have ever seen.
Sorry, I love Keatings for outside drinks in the summer, because although pricey, it has one of the best views, but avoid this place for a NYE celebration at all costs...and certainly for a $95 a head dinner...that's money and time I will never ever get back.Had lunch with family members before a show at  the seaport museum. Seated immediately, food was excellent, reasonably priced, and Tyler, our waiter made my 89 year old mom feel very special. The theater was just a short stroll along the river walk.  The philly cheese steak was enough for two! But priced for one. The view of the waterfront was an added bonus. Valet parking available and there is a self parking lot for the museum.I was in town for a meeting and wanted a quick dinner. I are the Teriyaki chicken sandwich. It was great, the waitress was very attentive and the view was wonderful.Not sure why the reviews are so bad here. You get a great view, and the fish was great. We had salmon and some other thing I forget but that tasted great. The cheeseboard was also superb, as was the desert (I think a creme brulee)? It was a few weeks ago so my memory is a bit hazy. I had to come to Philly to get a passport and wanted to get a good meal.I have a strong prejudice against hotel restaurants and should have steered clear of  dinner at this one. You know there is a problem when the tip is already included even for a small sized party. In addition, 2 of 4 people in our party received their food and we were told our the two meals would be along shortly. After 20 minutes we asked when the MIA burgers might be arriving only to be told they were being prepared a second time as the waiter had mistakenly given them to another party. The burgers when they came where good, but the chicken quesadilla tasted steamed not grilled and had the consistency of glue given the use of American versus Cheddar cheese. The kid's spaghetti and meatballs were unappetizing as well; the meatballs had a horrible processed taste and daughter refused to eat them. Had to send back the wine as it was corked.I usually come to Keatings on a nice summer evening and sit outside sipping cocktails.  For this purpose, Keatings is wonderful.  The drinks are usually well made.  The couple times I've dined here have been pleasurable, though slightly pricey.
Recently, my friends I had lunch here to celebrate one friend's engagement.  When I called to make reservations, I requested pricing for a cake to commemorate the occassion.  The manager gave me this information and I said I'd call her back if I wanted to get the cake.  I called back the next day to confirm my cake order.  The lady I spoke to the day before was not it, so I gave my order to the manager on duty that day.  The day before my reservation, he called back confirming all the details of the cake.  Great!  I request that the cake be brought to our table as a surprise soon after we get dessert menus.  Sure!  No problem, he says.  Super!
During our meal, I speak to the waitress about the cake on my way to the restroom.  The manager comes up to our table soon afterwards, asking to talk to me.  We step away from the table; her notes indicate that I inquired into a cake and that I'd call back to confirm my order, but I had never called back.  I give her the run down of my discussions with the guy-manager.  She said, Oh... I'll go check.  I go back to the table.... and she comes back to the table and asks to talk to me again.  They found the cake.  Good detective work!  
The cake was very pretty.  The taste.. a little dry, but nice.  But the surprise was completely spoiled and I was very irritated.
Keatings saved face by not charging me for the cake.
I'll probably still go back for the occassional dining, and summer cocktail sipping because of their location.  But I won't depend on them for coordinating details for a special lunch/dinner in the future, as I would expect a fine dining place should be capable of doing.I've had all the famous ones, but this is the best cheese steak in town! Seriously!Breakfast Buffet was a bit pricey for the selection, but from the choices that were there everything was pretty good, the omelette station was great not for selection but because the omelette chef was fantastic, he was funny friendly and quick, fancy hand work flipping the omelettes in the pan with a smile while making funny witty comments, and they were fluffy and delicious, the French toast was a bit cold and coffee a little bitter for my taste but overall everything was great, our waiter was quick and attentive, and the mimosas were awesome. Who complains when you drink at breakfast ;) the staff is obviously better than the food by my review but the good vibe and great staff made it a enjoyable meal. We also had a great table near the window with a nice view.We stopped here for a nightcap and simple bar food last night. There was only a few (less than a dozen) people in the bar & restaurant area. The bartender was fairly nice overall but I cannot understand why our nacho order took nearly 20 minutes and then when it arrived the cheez wiz was at room temperature as was the chicken when we were the only people eating there at the time. I had high expectations of decent pub food for the $14 price tag. Both items that should've been hot that were prepackaged and not even heated up is disappointing but this was not as bad as the "quesadillas" we ordered. For $10 and an additional 40 minute wait, my wife and I were served TWO (2) total four inch tortillas with about 3 -4 chunks of chicken and cheese. With so many options of places to eat nearby you'd think they would have some interest on repeat business!Wow.  Keating's manages to fall short in more ways that any other place I've been to.  Let's see:
No beer list, at least that's what I was told when I asked about one.  When asking about the beer, the server told me the wrong info.  Said there were no locals on tap (there was at least three).
The popcorn shrimp was fried shrimp, served with actual popcorn. This would have been clever at a corner bar.  Here, it was laughable.
Our food took an extraordinarily long time to arrive.
Keating's parades as a seafood restaurant, but only offered five seafood options.  The seafood chowder, which was one of the specials, was bland and weak.
$12.50 for a long island iced team.
Because nothing on the menu said really appetizing to me, I stayed simple and just ordered a burger off the bar menu.  It was forgettable.  The meat should have been much better.
Bottom Line: I will perfectly sum up Keating's in one sentence.  Slow, poor service for a meal that should be much better, especially for the price.Rather pathetic showing in almost every category. Decent Cobb saves then from a 1 star but if this place wasn't water side it would die a dismal death due to inept service and mediocre food at a too high price pointGreat place. The prices match the location. Romantic atmosphere. The food was ok. Didn't really like their Philly cheese stake. That's why the 4 stars. I've eaten better ones in Jersey. Other than that, great place especially if you stay in Hyatt. Great location if you waterfront and it's very close to the old city and independence hall. The bar is opened until 2am. The staff is very friendly, courteous and professional. Definitely recommend.For a place that is part of a Hyatt Regency, I was surprised at the lack of knowledge of the staff. Could not make drinks right off the drink menu - simple drinks like a mojito. Didnt have simple syrup. Asked for a drink from the menu, and he didnt knownwhat I was talking about. Apps were weak in taste and high in price. Prices not in line for location / service. I had a better time going across the street and wandering downtown.I was stuck in the Hilton Hotel for a conference and could not leave due to ice/snow.  I sat at the bar and had a salad.  It was fine, but as yelp says: Meh. I've had better.  I didn't have high hopes and it didn't rise above what I expected.  But honestly, I would not have eaten here if I could have safely left the hotel.This place turned out to be pretty much what I expected. Decent but not great food for a good price with a great view. It's a hotel restaurant so I wasn't really expecting great food. I ordered the cuban sandwhich, along with 4 other people at my table, because it really was the most appetizing sounding dish. It turned out to be quite good, as it had pulled pork on it as well. Which I don't believe is customary for a cuban, but was a great addition. I also ordered an Old Fashion, which I think they botched pretty well when they forgot the cherry and muddled orange and basically just gave me straight bourbon. 
The service wasn't great. The waitress said they were understaffed and apologized so I can understand. The only thing that was affected was the speed of getting stuff out, but sitting on the terrace enjoying a beautiful day and a nice breeze we weren't complaining. The waitress was very sweet and you could tell she legitimately felt bad about things being slow. But like I said the terrace view compensated. Not sure if I would go back for the food, but I wouldn't mind enjoying a drink or two on the terrace on a nice night, especially since the only other real option would be the river deck.Went for Valentine's Day and they had a dinner special that was perfectly priced (we had the lobster tails) included as a 5 course meal. The service was below average (it was not too busy) but I think our waiter may have been new so we cut him some slack. Overall, it was a perfect night-they gave us each a rose as we left! Will go back!!The worst service I've had. Period. 100 people walking around and no one knows what's going on. One of those first and last experiences.Pretty good for a hotel restaurant.  Nice view of the river and the terrace is a great place to have drinks when the weather is nice.Our server Robin was amazing, smiling attentive, helpful. The entire staff made us comfortable and happy. The happy hour is a great value, right facing the Delaware. My date has a quesdilla and was very happy with the food and drinks. Great time, great value and if you get Robin, you've been blessedNautical naughtiness near nafty newly developed neighborhood that was once New Market.  Not to be missed, Penns Landing is blessed with the jewel of the Delaware floating atop the Hyatt Regency.
Lovely outdoor lounge reminds you of the Mediterranean without actually forgetting to bring you back tot he reality that is a view of Camden's Waterfront.  Worth the escalator ride and somewhat distant attention of the staff...
The food is creative and what one should expect given its proximaty to both Bookbinders and the Moshulu.I'm staying at the Hyatt and got some room service- Keating's River Grill is the restaurant of the hotel.
I got the corn chowder and the whole wheat penne- a $30 meal that I would pay less than $3 for. 
The corn chowder had a film of oil on top that was atrocious. The flavor was not very good and really just not impressive at all. 
The whole wheat penne is awful as well. The pasta sauce is watery, the vegetables are overcooked and the meal in general was lacking in flavor!
I had a few bites of each and didn't touch the rest. 
I am hoping that the restaurant is better than the room service, but seeing as its the same kitchen, I highly doubt it.My friends and I stayed here during a bachelor party. Keating's is a good place for a hotel breakfast buffet. It's exactly what you expect and definitely OK in my book.
I wouldn't recommend going out of your way for the brunch here as there's nothing fantastic about it, but if you're staying at the regency and want a decent breakfast- this is the place to go.
It's a little expensive, but if you're staying here, I'm sure you expected that.
Bottom line- I'm sure you can find a better/cheaper breakfast (or even better brunch), but if you're in a pinch/the people in your group are lazy and don't want to find a better place, this is a decent spot.i like the tuna salad but it is definitely a lunch portion.
someone else in our party said the penne pasta was overcooked
breakfast buffet is good not greatI was down here for the Navy ship USS Somerset Commissioning ceremony for breakfast ahead of the event and it seemed very chaotic. Could not get anything more than coffee or jiuce for table service. The only feasible alternative was the buffet, which was overpriced at $20 per person.
I had a reservation and needed to wait about 25 minutes for a table. The breakfast menu looked pretty good; I noticed some vegan options. The place had rather disorganized feel about it. When I was on the buffet line, I noticed the cook was angry about orders he was given. 
Men's room was smallish but clean and functional. When I paid the bill and walked out, I was surprised the hostess remembered my name, it was so chaotic.Lame. 1st off, our server was excellent and very attentive the entire time.  All of the food was over-priced, the popcorn shrimp, flatbread pizza and quesadilla were a complete joke.  The scallop app was good.  For entrees the crabcakes were mediocre at best and the risotto was raw inside.
We had a gift certificate that I got for Christmas from a relative, that was the only reason we came here.  
Then I get the check and the manager says "not applicable towards any alcohol".  It does not indicate ANYWHERE on the certificate.  Mgr says, ""you need to spend 35$ more dollars to be eligible for the savings".  What bullshit man!!  She suggested we take some desserts to go.  U serious? Take your 14$ Grey Goose Cosmo and shove it.  We spent $191 on bs food and crazy expensive drinks.  I would not suggest that anyone go here, you're $$ can be well spent at a real restaurant.My girlfriend and I have come to this hotel frequently.  The hotel itself is a nice retreat from the hustle of the city.  However, that is also its main drawback.  Good food options require you to venture over the small bridge to the city itself.
On a recent stay, with the weather outside not conducive for a stroll to the many restaurant options on Chestnut and other local streets, we opted to stay in and try out Keating's.  I had read the other Yelp reviews, and knew I should probably avoid it.  I wish we had.
For starters, the hostess made it sound like she was doing us a big favor getting us in without reservations a full hour before they were scheduled to close.  Once she took us in, we were taken aback that the place was literally 50-60% empty.  We asked if we could sit near the window, but she said that those tables were reserved, and so we got awkwardly sat at a table behind a barrier wall, completely blocked from any window view, and in a section by ourselves.
In the time we spent in there, no one else came into the restaurant to be seated.  Either those "reserved" tables were all no-shows, or we got lied to.  Hmmm...
The waiter was a rather sad, older gentleman who looked like he had long since stopped caring about the details of his craft.  He had to be reminded to bring silverware, refill water glasses, etc.  Interestingly enough, over the course of our dinner, he opened up the conversation.  We asked him why the hostess would make it sound like the place was packed.  He responded that they were incredibly short staffed, and that he had to handle most of the tables himself.  He admitted this was fairly routine.
The dinner itself?  Mediocre at best.  The drinks were very watered down and pricey.  My cut of ribeye was something on par with a below average mass steak chain, but at premium prices.  My girlfriend's salmon came with a strange, watery creamish colored sauce on it, even though the menu made no mention of that.  The waiter did offer to have a new one prepared sans sauce, but by that point we just wanted to wrap up.
We passed on dessert, and our waiter actually seemed grateful for that.  Just a very bizarre dining experience.  The final bill was far above and beyond what the meal was truly worth.
I can't think of much reason to recommend this place.  Even in poor weather, we regretted the choice.I have eaten here many times and the food and service has always been superb! I first discovered this restaurant (it even had another name at the time) after attending a seminar. My husband and I had dinner prior and could not stop talking about the incredible scallop dish. We could not wait to bring friends back.
Later we were teaching a workshop series in the hotel and arranged lunches for our students. They were always gracious and had everything pre-ordered and ready to serve when we broke for lunch. Wonderful, reasonably priced lunch choices for everyone too.
We have moved to the opposite coast and still, when we visit, it is the first place we go! Most recently we met our East-Coast friends who are always happy to have an excuse to return and the food choices vary but they are always impeccably prepared! And the view ain't half bad either!Went for my first visit in an attempt to watch the Mayweather fight. I called a few days ahead of time and spoke to a manager who stated that there was a private party scheduled for the fight but that we could watch it at the bar for free. I showed up with 3 friends, we were greated by a horrible, sweaty bar tender. This same bartender told us after ordering drinks that we would have to pay $20 each to stay and watch the fight. I talked to 2 managers who said that they were the only 2 that would have talked to me on the phone and that I was wrong. Horrible experience, I 
was completely embarrassed I dragged my friends to this hole. Never 
again. One more thing, drink special signs sitting on bar when we ordered for $4 drafts. We were charged $6 and told that the specials didn't start till 11pm as they took he signs away. Weak.+: SERVICE WAS EXCELLENT!  I have nothing but great things to say about the waitresses and hostess.  No matter if it was our waitress or not- someone was always there to refill your coffee. 
+: The view was..... nice. It was a little industrial (meaning, there were some cranes and old ships obstructing my view), but after the breakfast we were able to have a beautiful stroll along the water front.  
Food was your standard hotel breakfast buffet.  Eggs were moist.. potatoes were stale.. but I enjoyed the yogurt and fruit options too.  Had myself a good bagel w cream cheese.  Nothing else to say about the food.Very simple, if the price of food was based upon the flavor levels, Keatings would be paying you to dine there. To say very disappointed would be an understatement. we arrived at the Hyatt after a two hour drive in horrible conditions. Unpacked and went to Keatings for dinner. At first glance the setting was nice, with a modern flair.
The menu was a decent size, which means it didn't have so many items you don't know where to begin. But should have something for everyone. The pricing was what would be expected for a restaurant inside of a hotel. But usually the food matches its  cost. in this case it wasn't even close.
So let's get to the point of this review, the food. I dined on a pasta dish, Pappardella  Rustico. Priced at $20 it was what I would consider acceptable. For an additional $6 I added chicken to the plate. At best it would be described as pleasing to the eye. The reality was the pasta was overcooked and unseasoned. The flavor was just not there....at all! Nothing, nada, nil, I can't emphasize that enough. Chicken was grilled and unseasoned. I NEVER salt and pepper at the table. Just don't. I did tonight.
My wife had the crab cake appetizer for $12. This was highly recommended by our server and I convinced my wife to have it since she enjoys crab cakes. The positive? Lots of crab. The negative? Missing seasoning. Seems to be the trend here.
Finally my wife and daughter ordered the grilled chicken breast entree. Two skinny chicken breasts over some potatoes. The cost was $24. The flavor level was as expected, non-existent.
I don't know if it's bad execution or just a bad menu but I do know, it's not worth your time or hard earned money. I have written a number of reviews on Yelp, this is my first where I believe it is my duty to say, avoid at all costs.I love this restaurant, my first time there this past Valentines.  My boyfriend and I double date with his sister and her boyfriend, we had rsvp, when we got they seated us right away.  The table was already set, waiter was phenomenal as well as the food.  We had the Valentines Set Menu.  I had the lamb and my boyfriend had fliet migon, the food came out quick and in order (I had places that served me entree, appetizer, and drinks last, which is not correct dining).
Very romantic spot by the water, inside the Hyatt Hotel, clean and 100% satisfaction!As a bar in a hotel, the Keating's pretty nice, but to dine here... is a mistake.
After a long day at work, decided to grab a few beers here with coworkers.  There are about 4-5 local brews on tap, which is a nice touch since you get to try a few of the local beers.  The few that I've tried were all on the sweeter side, so maybe it's a thing here?  There's also a few specialty cocktails on the menu, and all the prices are reasonable.
There's also a few TVs around the bar showing sports so that was nice.
As for the food... just don't and take a nice stroll out to Chestnut for a restaurant.  I had a burger here and it was just as dry as it could be.  Ate breakfast here one morning, and the food's just a little better than your average Norm's and let's just say I had a harder time stomaching the price.  
Come here for the drinks & beer if you're staying at the Hyatt, not for the food.Pretty good food for a hotel restaurant. I had a salmon entree. The fish was very good, though not excellent. It was served over some interesting concoction of potatoes and ricotta cheese. The presentation of the food was excellent. 
The ambiance is nice. I ate at the bar. The bartender provided very good service.
My only complaint is that it's slightly pricey. The salmon was $18. That's a price I would expect in San Fran. or LA, but a bit high for Philly. But then again, I'm a tourist here and can't compare this price to other Philly restaus.I know I am late, my mom and I went for Mother's Day Brunch, and we would go back in a heart beat. We started with a complimentary glass of champagne that was very tasty and then were introduced to a number of serving stations. There were chefs on hand to make omelets, pasta dishes, and a carving station. We tried the numerous salads, plentiful seafood, and the endless desserts. Hmmm, I'm still thinking about the strawberry shortcake mom and I swear was laced with rum. :) 
The ambiance was awesome, and the service was great. We received complimentary parking passes, and left feeling pampered and satisfied. The way all great meals should end.Recently ordered a dessert and coffee at Keating's River Grill. One word - MEH. Although the service was nice and was always smiling, the desserts are just uninspiring, lacking in taste and a bit too expensive. I would avoid Keating's. On a side note, I think the TVs should be a bit larger in the bar. Given the size of the room, the screens are undersized.
Good luck.Where do I begin.....
I'll begin with the good. My sister and I began planning an engagement party for my mother several months ago. We had our hearts set on a place but could not have it there because they weren't wheelchair accessible for one family member. We looked high and low for other places and decided on Keatings because it was outdoors like we wanted and it was within our price range. We weren't exactly thrilled about it initially because we had our hearts set on another place, but our contact there, Lauren, was so pleasant, accommodating, and professional that we eventually felt a sense of relief. We became really at ease which is unusual, at least for me, when planning an event. We had a vision of how it would look and we were pleased.
The food was great, the servers were excellent, and the weather was perfect for an outdoor event. My guests had a wonderful time. My mom and her fiancee loved it. I know good food and this food was great. I feel bad that some of the reviews are so bad. I think all twenty-five of us had the crab cake for our first course. It was pretty much all crab. No fillers, just crab. I had the salmon for my second course and it was excellent. I heard great things about the burger and the chicken from my guests as well. The desserts were even delicious. I was satisfied 100% with the food. 
Overall, it was a wonderful event. I would recommend Keatings for an event (especially outdoor) but I would request Lauren as your contact and maybe request that she be on site during the event. The reason that I deducted a star is because the manager on duty was not accommodating at all. We had people walking through our party. It was supposed to be private but it wasn't. When I brought it to his attention he pretty much dismissed me. I haven't been treated that way since I was a teenager. The thing is, I was completely aware of what he was doing but I'm not sure why. I have my suspicions (and it's not what you think :-)) but I'll chalk it up to his unprofessionalism and poor judgement.Had breakfast here during a visit to Philadelphia.  It was mid-morning.  The place smelled amazing as we walked in (always a good sign).  The service was good and the coffee better than I expected.  I had the almond pancake and my Dad has the Belgium waffle.  The almond pancake was seriously one of the best pancakes I've ever had.  YUM!!  If you come here, you have got to try it!  My Dad really enjoyed his Belgium waffle (looked good).  Really nothing to complain about.  Great place to have breakfast, especially if you are staying in the hotel.A 2 star only bc our waitress was friendly. The food was ok. The drinks were ok. The food and drinks were way over priced. 16$for a makers mark manhattan that took 2x to get made properly. I do not recommend unless you have no other options.Nice river views and kind staff. I had the $11 Caesar salad for lunch. No complaints or surprises presented and tasted as expected.  On our second day we had breakfast here. My breakfast was kinda disappointing. Had breakfast buffet bacon was good sausage was creepy. Not sure what kind it was but definitely wasn't breakfast sausage.  Pancakes were hard like pucks. Bathroom in disrepair couldn't lock stall. Hyatt needs to get it together.Come hungry . . . it's the only way that you'll want to eat a meal here. 
The meal began with poor service, water glasses sitting empty and not enough menus to go around. However, it was once the food was ordered that the real fun began. 
Chicken soup came straight from a can, yet was still heated up long enough for the noddles to get completely mushy.
Next, the main courses.
Grilled Chicken Breast - for $22 they served two burnt, dry hockey pucks atop a "mushroom risotto" that had the texture and flavor of poorly prepared rice-a-roni. It had clearly been microwaved as any formerly creamy texture was replaced with lumpy and watery mush. Just for good measure, a pile of wilted and brown microgreens looked like they had been dug out of a nearby lawnmower and plopped on top.
Steak and Frites - $25 for a cheap cut and fries tossed in raw garlic. However, the steak ordered medium rare arrived black and blue, barely in the rare category. After mentioning it to the waiter, it was taken back. However, rather than cooking a new piece of meat, or even getting it properly to medium rare, the same steak was cooked beyond well, adding another thick char that left a strong bitter taste long after eating. 
Sadly, the meal continued to desserts. Despite the truly abysmal quality of the food, the minute portions and AC cranked on blast left everyone needing something else to eat.
It took a half hour to bring out a boring slice of cheesecake and a bread pudding that was more omelette than dessert. What a surprise
On top of all this terrible food, the service was piss-poor throughout the meal, with servers clanging plates down on the table, reaching in front of other diner's faces to serve, and handing utensils out to make diners grab the blade or tines rather than setting then on the table.
And just to add insult to injury, the table gave a great view of the kitchen team spending the whole night not giving a crap, lounging around while we waited for food.
Conclusion: given the extremely inflated price, terrible food, and horrendous service, this was one of the worst meals I've ever had. It's a good thing this restaurant is right on the river, because the only source of redemption would be a for large wave to rid Philadelphia of this pathetic excuse for an eating establishment.The bartender was not interested in serving at all. When I asked for beer I got a glass that used to be a penholder ..