My two older kids and I were able to grab the lunch special and got Miso soup and two rolls. We got South #2 which was super tasty and the Tuna avocado and were sighing between every bite! So tasty, and a great quick share between all 3 of us. Very pleased.My bf and I ordered chirasu bowl and sashimi lunch. Both come with miso soup or salad. Personally, I don't see any difference for those two except chirasu bowl has some sheets of nori for its presentation. Hence, I recommend to go for chirasu bowl. The food presentation is so nice and their sushi rice is very good too. We will definitely come back to try their sushi rolls.Gave them 5 stars because they are awesome! Best sushi ive ever had. Took me a while to break my addiction from this place. Try them.We went on a rainy Wednesday night and the place was pretty full, which we took as a good sign. The restaurant is small but nicely decorated and clean. I ordered spicy edamame, salmon sashimi, tuna sashimi, and crunchy spicy tuna roll. The spicy edamame was very good and very soft with just the right amount of spice. My boyfriend ordered an Alaskan roll and a sweet potato roll. He said the sweet potato roll was done particularly well. The fish was soft and flavorful. Our only complaint is that my boyfriend never had his water refilled and had to ask twice for water. The prices here are great - we paid $20 each (that's including tip). Overall, the sushi was very good, but there was nothing *WOW* about it - it didn't really go above and beyond. We would eat here again but wouldn't go out of our way to do so.Great sushi! Prices are fair. We ordered several rolls off of their special list and they were all fresh and delicious. The sushi rolls weren't "skimpy" in size, either. The Kani salad and beef teriyaki were good, too. Staff was very friendly. Overall great food and atmosphere. Highly recommend!A friend I met here for dinner last night (a Friday). We were sat right away. The staff is very friendly, the fish was very fresh and the rolls were big for the city (which is awesome)! The place was clean and the prices were as expected for being in the city. I would definitely recommend and I will be back for another visit.
Btw, I am a huge sushi fan and very picky! I get sushi at least once a week and I am always skeptical about new places. I'd say this place worked out very well!I went here the weekend before Valentine's Day with several friends and was initially going to give a 4 star review, but I have in the week since gotten carryout from here 3 times (once by myself, twice at the suggestion of friends who went with me for dinner that night) so clearly it deserves 5 stars. The sushi is phenomenal, especially at the price. When we went for VDay we got 2 rolls each and split some dumplings, and it was ~$15 per person ($20 per person if you include the wine we brought). I've been to zama several times and paid 2-3x as much for the same amount of food, and honestly I cannot tell any difference in quality. So good, so yummy, so fresh, such a good variety. Also I LOVE the sweet potato tempura rolls! They have tons of delicious vegetarian roll options too.
When we ate in, the service was so-so. We had to wait for a while (like 10-15 min) for water and wine glasses, buuuut honestly the value and quality of the food is so good that I am completely overlooking that and coming back here as much as I can forever.Great service and food at very affordable price.
Sushi is fresh. They add sesame seeds to the sushi rolls. Rice is nice and warm.This place has friendly service, and delicious sushi, all for a reasonable price. Very happy this place is close by. Keep it going, Kei!Spectacular place.
We sat at the bar, got their 24-piece sashimi selection which was an unreal deal for $28 - it included sweet shrimp, surf clam, regular shrimp, tuna, salmon, yellowtail, red snapper, and white tuna.  Their fish quality was the best in Philadelphia for its price range.
We also got one specialty roll, the Kei 2, which was great as well.
While waiting for our check, the sushi chef gave us a complimentary small dish with salmon sashimi in a sweet and savory sauce with cucumbers and roe.
This place is a must try for sushi in center city.Best sushi I've ever had in Philly! In fact, best sushi I've ever had ever. I live a few blocks away and I'm sad I've been missing out for the past few months since it opened, dinner with my parents the the other day was the best. The fish was perfect and fresh, and the rolls were unreal. The staff was also very friendly and accommodating. Can't wait to go back!This place is a very very welcomed addition to the neighborhood! Wonderful, high quality sushi with friendly staff! We went for our first time tonight with friends and Mila and the the sushi chefs were phenomenal with our order and customer service ensuring we knew exactly what we had and that we ordered the perfect amount. We will definitely be back and this is absolutely our neighborhood sushi place! Thank you!!food was great. sushi is fresh. nice and attentive staff. if you comr with a big group, make sure you make a reservation.Excellent addition to the neighborhood. The sashimi was super fresh and the staff is very nice. Toro was a standout. The place is on the small side so probably difficult to accommodate large parties. Will definitely become a regular.I went to Kei sushi twice and thought it was quite good. Then I went to a different sushi place that I used to think was one of the best in the city and I realized that Kei is not just good, it's excellent. It may be slightly higher priced than the 3 rolls for $12 specials at other places, but it is hands down the best quality in Philly for sure making my few extra dollars well worth it - so glad to have this in the neighborhood.First off, having a good sushi restaurant so close to where I live is wonderful! This restaurant is quite small, maybe 6 tables, but it doesn't feel cramped. The waitstaff were friendly and considerate as I waited for my friend to arrive. We both ordered two simple sushi rolls that were priced between $4-7 each which I thought was a very acceptable price. The sushi tasted fresh and delicious! Definitely will be back.Visiting my friends in philadelphia and brought in one japanese restaurant in the neighbourhood.. friendly and great service, homely and warm ambiance, also excellent food.. i order a few special rolls, but i LOVE the lobster special roll the most!!!
Also I got miso chilean seabass for the appetizer, and its also taste amazing!!! will definitely comeback here when visiting this town!I had to sign up for a retail Yelp account to rate this place. Just left there actually. Had Salmon avocado (alaska roll) and tuna avocado DELICIOUS, the chef gave me a sample of white tuna sashimi with I think jalapenos in soy sauce, It was also delicous. I tried a crushy south 2 based on chef recommendation, outstanding if you like crunchy rolls. I also tried their Salmon sushi which was mouth watering and an experience of it's own. I coughed up some money with tip but well worth it. a lunch special may lower your cost at this outstanding sushi place. also I wanted to mention that their hand sushi rolls are 8 piece and not 6 piece so a pig like myself consumed less rolls!!!!..Nom nom nom. The chicken teriyaki sauce here is sooooo good. It's the MVP. Attentive service. Sushi is okay. Noodles are yummy.Great addition to South Street. Staff was very attentive. Fairly extensive sushi menu, and the fish tasted very fresh. Byob. Will definitely be back.Wow what an amazing night I had here. BYOB, great. Fresh fish, even better. We sat at the sushi bar and watched the magic happen. The fish here is so FRESH i love it! I hate hate hate all the other BYOB places in the city right now; when I ask for a spicy salmon roll they almost make a pre-made spicy salmon salad of mushed fish and what not in my roll. GROSS! I want fresh cut salmon freshly rolled on my plate and that's exactly what I got here. I will definitely be back here again.We were told they now offer lunch special on weekends!
Quality is amazing for the price you pay, especially the sushi rice. it was chewy, smooth and sticky.
Bento was a surprise. HUGE portion with high-quality dim sum on the side. 
Definitely a go-to BYOB sushi place in the neighborhood.While driving around, I found one new Japanese restaurant around South Street area. First time step in really give me deep impression. The decoration, the sushi and kitchen food, their service are really great. I love their Kei Special Shumay appetizer. Lobster Special Roll, Yasai Dragon, Kei 1 and Kei 2, Nabeyaki Udon and Salmon teriyaki are also really amazing. As for the dessert, their Coffee Pudding is the best. FYI, this place is also BYOB  which is suit me well. Absolutely will come back againA fantastic new option for great sushi at a reasonable price. The lunch special is terrific. It comes with 2 rolls and miso soup (which was much better than I expected). The rolls have way more fish than other places offer. Their eel sushi is also very well done with an incredible amount of eel per roll. 
My one critique would be that I wish they had a better menu online or a website.We are pretty basic in our needs. Love a good seaweed salad, miso soup, and the usual array of sushi rolls. 
The sushi quality was excellent. The value was absolutely exceptional. And the staff was totally spot on. Really appreciative of the hospitality- thank you guys.Extremely friendly and amenable staff, BYOB, great location, great ambiance, and most importantly, amazing sushi.  I came here on a tip from a friend and I am so glad I did.  The sushi was extremely fresh and the staff was very creative in their presentation of the sushi, as can be seen by the many pictures.  I had the Eagles Roll and the pork dumplings.  The Eagles Roll was a pretty traditional crab and tempura shrimp based roll, but was rolled with bright green soy paper on the outside, which was fun.  The dumplings were great too, as they came right out of the steamer and were soft and juicy.  Overall, I would recommend this to my other friends too, because the sushi is fresh and the price is more than reasonable.Went here for dinner with a friend recently and loved the food! I kept it simple, with an Alaska Roll, edamame, and miso soup. We also got the tempura appetizer. The roll was very fresh and the rice was seasoned well and not super dry. The tempura was also not heavy or oily which it sometimes can be in other places. Miso soup was excellent. Overall, I will definitely be coming back here. I wish they delivered to my apartment!!Came here with one of my girlfriends for dinner and I really liked the environment and better yet the food. The sushi rolls were a bit pricer than most byobs but it was mainly because they were really big. You really get the best for the money you spend. We really liked this new little restaurant and I will be coming back for their awesome specials! The chef was so cute and even took a picture of our sushi plate prior to delivering it to us because the presentation was nice.A much needed addition to the graduate hospital area, nothing beats having a solid local sushi joint within walking distance of your house.  Kei sushi is clean but is not the most ideal for large parties as the place seats about 20 people total at one time.  This is your standard sushi joint menu with their interpretation of special rolls, we went with their rainbow roll and it was delicious.  They have a decent fish to rice balance and service was actually really quick even though it was packed so that was a pleasant surprise.  Overall, if the prices came down a little bit (closer to VIc's range) I would be here way more regularly, but am still glad that this is a great option when I don't want to travel far to fill my sushi craving.Kei Sushi is a great addition to the graduate neighborhood - we are lacking in walkable sushi options! Kei has a large selection, friendly and quick service, and it's BYOB! Can't ask for much more in such a convenient location. I've tried the Kei 2, rainbow and united rolls. All were very good. My only small complaint is that many of the rolls contain chopped fish, and my preference is for whole pieces. The steamed pork dumplings were also great! Overall, definitely recommend a visit. They don't take reservations and the restaurant is small so you may end up with a wait.Looking around for good sushi and we stumbled upon  this place. Our sushi didn't taste fresh, the food came out somewhat too fast. Would recommend looking around at other places before you decide.Absolutely love this place. This is our new go-to sushi place. Tons of delicious rolls and amazing appetizer specials. I'm always impressed with the food. Service is great as well.Very cheap and delicious, got 4 regular rolls and 2 salads for under $35! BYOB too. Can't believe I have an awesome sushi restaurant in my neighborhood now! I am so excited! Seems like lunch specials are very reasonable as well:)Fantastic! Very fresh fish, great rice, good portions. We ordered (for take out) the sushi regular and two rolls. Will definitely be back!Friendly and quick service is what you'll get at this cute little BYOB on South St. The miso soup and pork dumplings were delish! However, the sushi was forgettable. We tried a variety of rolls and nothing really stood out as exceptional. The spicy tuna was not very spicy, which was disappointing. 
Overall, the flavors were lacking at Kei sushi.This is without doubt the worst restaurant I have been to in Philadelphia in the past year. Everything was wrong. Avocado salad was served with watery icy cold lettuce, boiled yellowtail neck was very badly over cooked, the meat was really tough and chewy. We ordered the sashimi platter, the fish was old, they were in dusty dull colours and floppy. Each slice of sashimi was so small and thin it's ridiculous. Although it might be a good thing, probably would have got funny stomach if we had eaten more of those old raw fish. The sushi roll Kei 2 was just too big and weird. You couldn't eat it in one bite and it is just a lot of random things being mushed together. Will never go back. If you want somewhere with good sushi and same price, go to Fuji mountain.Sushi was fresh and tasty. The spicy tuna roll was the best. Was able to get in and out without a lof of wait and sat at the Sushi Bar. Would love to go back again when I'm in Philly.Best sushi ever...I try lobster special roll & kei 1 both of them so delish... will definitely come backThis is definitely my favorite sushi spot in the neighborhood. All of their rolls are delicious, and even their regular rolls are impressive. You truly get a "bang for your buck" with this place. Most of their rolls have a little bit of "crunch" which is what I love most. Their fish tastes a lot more fresh than their competitors. I really love their South 2, Spicy Tuna Crunchy Roll, and just about every single special roll on the menu. 
Overall, great staff, great sushi chefs, 10/10 experience every time. 
Oh, and their lunch menu is great too!Great food, nice atmosfere and ambiance, also excellent service! Definitely gonna be my favorite place in philly! Four thumbs up for you guys!Great for sushi and other Japanese dishes. Reasonable price. Friendly and attentive.  The inside is clean and very nice.I'm glad to have this sushi restaurant in the neighborhood!  No more walking the whole way to Walnut anymore.  This restaurant is BYOB and the sushi is pretty good.  Not only is it good, but they also don't cheap out with the seafood in the rolls like other places.  My favorite specialty roll is the Bake Lobster..you can really taste the crunch and spice of the jalapeño.  I also really like the pork gyoza..it's delicate and flavorful.  I have only ordered pick up (5x) so I can't speak for the "dining experience" but for take out, I highly recommend!We just finished our meal and I had to write a review in support of our New South Street Neighbor. Walked in and greeted immediately. The place is small maybe 30-40 seats max. Decor is Clean & Simple. 
We had Oshinko Salad it was Clean, Light and Delicious. Pork Gyoza was very fresh and the filling was gingerly sumptuous. Sushi Regular reminded me of the days when I used to Chef. Fresh fish on small mounds of sushi rice very nicely proportioned. Unagi Roll was prepared inside out with a not too sweet eel sauce. We will definitely be back. We Wish them much success.Menu: appealing appetizers, a couple pages of simple and special rolls, and dinner entrees including sushi/sashimi combos, rice and noodle bowls, and teriyaki dishes.
Vibes: casual, well-lit, and a little cramped. not a lot of walking space between tables. 
Impression: friendly staff, was disappointed that they didn't have the yellowtail collar, enjoyed the miso sea bass appetizer instead, found the chirashi sushi bowl generously filled with decent quality fish. Would be interested in returning for the lunch special and hot entrees when the weather gets cooler.Love this place! Fresh fish and yummy good size sushi. Fair prices and attentive service. 
My favorite thing is Chirashi bowl. It is my way to check if restaurant uses fresh fish.
I came there 5 times already:)This is a great, cozy place to go with some friends. The interior design is fresh and neat, and there's an herbal smell to the place (a plus for me). However, the sushi was not spectacular. Some of the rolls were not balanced well. The food came out fairly quickly. The staff were super friendly. It's the best sushi I've tasted, but it's a place I would go with some friends.Just got done eating here and I feel AMAZING!!! I came by myself, but didn't feel weird about it once I arrived. From the moment I walked in, the waitstaff greeted me with warm, beautiful smiles, kept my water glass full and made me feel at home. You definitely can tell the sushi chefs love what they do because it translates into the food they carefully prepare. For $20 I got a miso soup, seaweed salad and 2 regular hand rolls (yellowtail and eel - delicious). Now that I know this is a BYOB, I would definitely call this the perfect go-to spot for a first date. I will definitely return and wish them many years of good fortune.Stopped in for a late dinner a few weeks ago.  Honestly, I wasn't expecting much -- the decor is nothing special; we could have walked right by this place if we weren't on a mission to find it.  But wow!  The sushi was fresh, the rolls were creative, and the tempura is grease-free.  I've eaten lots of sushi on both coasts, and I wish there were more unpretentious, intimate places like this near me.  Service was okay, nothing special.  And BYOB.Pleasantly surprised by this sushi place. We were looking for a quick bite to eat before the Ed Sheehan concert in Philadelphia. We found this little shop and must I say I was surprised. The sushi was delicious and very interesting flavor combinations. There red miso soup was very tasty compared to most. To top it all off the staff was kind and attentive. If I every stop by Philadelphia again will definitely return for more.A great addition to the neighborhood. The staff was so polite to everyone who walked in. I was in a hurry and stopped in for lunch. I had 2 rolls - the California roll and kampyo both tasted very fresh. I also had the miso soup which was delicious and perfect for a cold day. I wish I had more time so I could try different things on the menu. Though I am not worried, since I live so close I know  I will be back !Excellent, cozy/casual new sushi restaurant on South st.
The specialty rolls are fantastic! Tables around us all got the tempura, which looked very delicately fried.
Sashimi isn't as great a deal as it seems - 18 pieces for $24, but the pieces are much smaller than the way sashimi is typically cut. Great quality though!I had a taste for sushi was not sure exactly what I wanted but decided on the Teriyaki Salmon on the lunch special. It was delicious and I will definitely eat there again in the near future! 5Portion and taste of the sushi was great. However, shortly after our meal, my stomach started to hurt. I didn't think anything of it. Next day, my friend's stomach started to hurt and she ended up getting food poisoning. The taste of sushi was great but not worth the upset stomach.Love this sushi place - it's a recent discovery for my husband and I and it's a great go-to weekday or weekend. They have this great salad to try - Oshingko is the name - if you want something unique instead of seaweed or garden salad. One of my favorites here.Great new neighborhood sushi spot. Very reasonable prices and good service. Gotta love the byob.One of the best suchis I've ever tried! They have very good edmami and try the eagle role!
BestAnother great addition to the neighborhood!  Sweetheart had the lobster sushi and miso soup, and I had shrimp teriyaki rolls.  Both were very good and reasonably priced.  We chose to take out our dinner, as the restaurant is very small, and filled with families with small children the night we visited.  Now, I am not suggesting that this is the city's best sushi, but I am thrilled to have good sushi a  block from home. Lovely staff, too!Kei sushi is a great little addition to the south street restaurant scene. It is a higher end sushi joint than places like Vics and you will find some more interesting pieces of fish and rolls.
The service is great and the staff are very attentive.
I would have liked to see the miso soup or salad come with the sushi entrees like it does at most sushi places but this did not take away from the experience.
Will definitely be back. Also byob!Was down on South st and checked Yelp for some sushi places in the area. This place had great reviews, so we stopped in. The lunch specials were a great deal so I got the Sushi lunch special and my girlfriend got the chicken katsu bento. The bento came with a ton of food enough for 2 people and my sushi was awesome. Service was also great, really nice people.I've ordered lunch here several times now. They have a great lunch menu selection. Food is fresh and yummy! Staff is nice as well!It is great to have a very authentic and high quality sushi place in the neighborhood!! Try it! Everything was excellent. My fav: Spicy Tuna Tartar, it was just perfect.Disappointing.  The sashimi entree is not truly sashimi unless you order, and pay more for, the "kosher" sashimi.  I specifically requested no shrimp or octopus.  It came with the octopus which was replaced with imitation crab.  I was told it was authentic on sashimi plates, but I can say I've ordered many a sashimi entree and never seen imitation crab or herring in vinegar on my plate.  My friend ordered Chirashi that also should be served with raw fish and was served with shrimp and octopus.  Would love to see them succeed because it is great for the neighborhood, but can't say I will return for cooked sashimi.I had the Oshingko Salad.  One of the best salads I've tasted.  The blend of flavors and textures were interesting, well balanced, and the salad was filling.  A must try for those on a salad stretch.It was the best experience. Great taste and beautiful arrangement. Please keep the great work, I will definitely come back. Thank you!Freshest sushi in Philly. I've been here plenty of times and it's never disappointed. Beautiful in both taste and presentation too! Great service and atmosphere to top it off. You don't want to miss out on this place.When im first arrived in Phila, a friend of mine took me to here because he seen a lot of good comment from yelp. I ordered the specialty sushi, lobster special and eel special, taste awesome!!! Also they have good service and awesome music, i hope they keep making good food and awesome vibe..Completely "blah" sushi. Have ordered from there twice and all the rolls just seem cheap, flavorless, and unimaginative. If you're in the area and want Sushi, go to Nori just down the street. It's a million times better.Service is amazing!!! Food is spectacular!! First it was raining/pouring out and the Uber let us off here and we found out they were closed but the still let us in and served us cause they understood the circumstances, which was so that it was almost flooding out! I asked for no sesame seeds and I appreciate that they had a concern and asked to see if I was allergic to sesame! We would've had pics but we were so hungry!A sweet and intimate spot! The mango in the Kasai Dragon roll really adds a sweet freshness and compliments the avocado nicely. A nice blend of flavorsThis place is relatively new to the neighborhood and close to where I live so I decided to try it. We had the chicken teriyaki and a few sushi rolls. Unfortunately the chicken teriyaki was just average and the sushi quality was not great...you know how want to sink you teeth into a bite of smooth sashimi? Theirs was a bit chewy. The service was very nice. Overall i would try somewhere new before returning here!tl;dr - great staff, BYOB, vegan-friendly options, excellent quality ingredients, fresh fish (the best salmon I've had in Philly!!)...all for an excellent price. Inexpensive but classy, 100% recommend! Officially my new go-to sushi spot!
STAFF/VENUE:
This little BYOB sushi restaurant on South St is small, but fits a surprising number of people. The light inside isn't too dark or too blue (like Fat Salmon), which I always appreciate.  The staff was EXCELLENT - we were seated immediately, they offered to chill the white wine we brought, and they were prompt in taking our orders without being pushy. One of the sushi chefs served us complimentary seared salmon nigiri while we enjoyed our appetizers - I'd like to think it was because he was moved by how in love we are haha.
MENU: Large variety of appetizers, specialty rolls, basic rolls, and warm dishes (rice-based or noodle-based). 
APPETIZERS:
-Tempura: pretty standard, but enjoyable. Came with a lovely variety of shrimp, eggplant, carrot, sweet potato, broccoli, and green beans - most places don't offer so many different veggies!
-Gyoza (veggie): we ordered the steamed ones, but I wish we'd gone for fried because it was a bit soggy from the steaming process. But the filling inside was light but tasty, not bland. The vegetables were very fresh, you can tell they were hand-made on the premises and not pre-made/packaged.
-Seared Salmon Nigiri: so grateful for the complimentary dish, THANK YOU KEI!!! Salmon was tender, thinly-cut, with just the right amount of sear. Loved the little caviar egg and parsley topping, added a fresh element!
ROLLS:
-Yasai Dragon: my first VEGAN sushi roll! I was a bit nervous to order it, but the description on the menu sounded great...and it did NOT disappoint! This was probably my favorite roll of the night. So unique!! The mango and fruity sauce give it a sweet edge (not overly sweet), but it's balanced by the cooling, milder flavors of the avocado, cucumber, and carrot.
-Nihon Roll: I love raw tuna and unagi, so I just had to go for this roll! It's basically a standard unagi roll (eel, avocado in rice) with a slice of tuna + some caviar on top. The quality of the tuna was top notch! You can tell the fish is very fresh and prepared well.
-Alaska Roll: my favorite basic roll - salmon and avocado in rice. I was SO IMPRESSED by the raw salmon in this roll! It was so tender and fresh, I think the thicker white stripes gave it a smoother texture.
Hands down will be coming here again. I've been loyal to Bleu Sushi for a long time, but Kei Sushi definitely blows Bleu out of the water! The quality of the raw fish and their prices are just unbeatable.I was really excited to see that a BYO sushi place was opening up in my neighborhood and was even more excited when I discovered that the sushi is phenomenal! This place is great for both take out (no delivery yet!) and sit down. 
The restaurant itself is on the smaller side (maybe 10-15 tables) and does get packed on weekend evenings. The atmosphere is pleasant and much more conducive to a nice night out then Vics (with equally great food!). I find the prices to be very reasonable given quality of the sushi. 
I have tried a variety of the rolls on the menu and they have all been exceptionally fresh and tasty. They do not have a 3 roll special (except for weekday lunch), but that's okay because the rolls are very large so 2 rolls is plenty. 
This is my new go-to sushi spot in philly!Truly fantastic sushi. Kind servers and reasonable prices. Limited seating so best to get there early. I can't say enough kind words about this establishment. Do yourself a favor.Love this place - wonderful portions, excellent cuts and solid flavor. The atmosphere is conducive to good conversation and with it being BYO I find it to be excellent value. The staff is professional and pleasant - reservations highly recommended as there isn't a convenient place to wait.Great service and delicious sushi in a cozy location (seats about 25 including a small bar). Staff were happy to accommodate my sons off menu carrot hand roll request as well ;) Be sure to remember that its BYOB if that's important to you!All you can ask for in a local sushi place--perfection. Small, cozy, authentic, and delicious. 
The rolls are all reasonably priced ($4-7 regular, $12-16 fancy) and full of fresh ingredients. There is no skimping here! The spicy mango shrimp tempura is a personal favorite. 1-2 rolls fills me up. They also do sushi boats which my group is excited to tackle next time. 
The staff is very warm and accommodating and attentive. So really, all around the perfect quick sushi bite.Fresh fish, BYOB, nice decor, friendly staff and they actually know how to make sushi properly. Kei is my new favorite sushi place in the area.It was my first time here and I would definitely come back! Not only was the sushi great but so was the service. We sat at the sushi bar and the waitress was super friendly. At the end of the meal one of the sushi chefs gave us both a complimentary taste of a delicious seared salmon roll that he made up but it's not on the menu unfortunately. Overall it's a great place that I would recommend.Best sushi restaurant I've been to so far  Very fast service! My sashimi came with miso soup and rice! Sooo good 12/10 recommend.Been here 3 times and just realized I've never reviewed this place. This time I got the sushi regular and the fish was fresh and a generous cut size but the rice pieces are a bit too large. Started with takoyaki which comes with 5 pieces that are fried to a crisp, they use wasabi mayo instead of the normal mayo topping which some people might like but wasn't for me.