If you're in the area (northeast phila) and you're looking for seafood, stop by this place. The entrees are good with better than normal sized portions. Not much to right home about, but they have a large menu. Some places in the area only offered friend seafood. This place has it all so you can go the healthy way if you desire. Old throwback restaurant with a bunch of character.Well, it's a joint that's been here since before I grew up in This neighborhood in the 70's. A decent neighborhood dive, no offense intended, love great dives, but never an outstanding seafood restaurant. Comfortable bar, nice folks. Half price appetizers 4 to 7 made it interesting. Had steamed clams, and clams casino. Both were good, not great. Warm not hot, thrown out too quickly with no care . With that said, comfy spot from the old neighborhood, friendly locals and staff, apps at half price ( a surprise didn't know that coming in ), I enjoyed and will be back. More attention to food quality, it would be such a great spot. 8 bucks for above mentioned apps..After an overwhelming craving for fried clam strips I decided to jump on my trusty Yelp for some direction.. I read the reviews for Kellys seafood and though .MMM me thinks yes. So I got in my batmobile ( yes I have one of those) and made the drive. The restaurant on the outside didn't look too bad so i'm still thinking Yeess seafood. I made my way in and was immediately enthralled in a wave of senior citizens... Holy 1923.. Where was I ? Philly or the set of the golden girls. My boyfriend thought I was pranking him as we had to move out of the way 2 x to make way for some walkers..
 Any who... I ordered the appetizer trio- fried onion rings - motzarella and buffalo wings. Everything was sooo bland. How someone could  mess up fried cheese is beyond me. The entire dinner time was sprinkled with people coughing .. Gross. So for my entree I had the fried clam strips which were so oily I could squeeze them and just plain flavorless.
We shared a dish that had lobster tail shrimp cocktail and fried tilapia ... Gross Gross Gross. Everything was bland .. I attempted to save some of the food by dredging it in tartar sauce.. and you know it's bad when your tartar sauce is inedible... I asked for my check quickly and ran like the wind.I had made a date with a young lady from Northeast Philly.  After looking into some local fare, I decided to go with Kellys Seafood. The reason being that any restaurant that opened in 1958 and was still in business had to be a good choice. What an awful mistake of judgement on my part!  If you check out my reviews, you will notice that I always try to find the positive in every establishment. The only positive at Kellys, was the waitress, who couldn't have been nicer or more efficient.  We started off with the fried calamari app.  This really was not bad at all. Very light, quite a large portion for the price, and a fairly good hot sauce as well. The waitress and the fried calamari almost made me go with two stars, but the entrees were so disapointing, I couldn't check the second box. I ordered the shrimp fra diavlo over linguini. When the dish arrived there were six shrimp floating on what appeared to be an oil slick similar to the now infamous Exxon/Valdez oil spill. I really thought they had forgotten the linguini, but to my suprise, somewhere about two inches below the surface was some really over cooked, oil soaked linguini. My date had about the same luck with her linguini with clam sauce. She was able to fill a small bowl with oil before locating her linguini. The server was so nice that I didn't have the heart to send this nautical nightmare back. Any cook that could send this disaster out of his kitchen, probably would have trouble boiling water!  It's a shame that a place with nice atmosphere, and great servers would present a meal like this. The last reviews on this place were over two years ago, and seemed to be positive. Hopefully, they can bring the quality back again.Came here with family party of 14. Service was good, atmosphere was nice old time feel in a good way. So now the food. It was ok not bad but not great. I tried the snapper soup for the first time ever and I liked it but can't give a good review but my mother in law tried it (she's had it b4) and said it was good but she had better. I also had the fried calamari it was cooked just right crispy nice golden color, but was bland. Father in law got the coconut shrimp and it was over cooked and burnt. But they did bring him out some new ones that was cooked just right. I think they shouldn't have even sent out the first batch I mean really. Now everyone else said the food was good they had better but would comeback. Again service was good and when we had a complaint they fixed it.My Family has been going to Kelly's since the 1950's as it was my late grandparents favorite restaurant. Tonight while dining a few bones were found in the broiled flounder. When waitress came back from informing the cooks, the feedback I received was-It's a filet and it happens. I was quite appalled with how unprofessionally it handled nor did a manager come over. I highly recommend not ordering the scallops as they had a strong fishy taste and the mac & cheese had no taste. Due to the unprofessionalism and poor quality of food I definitely don't see a future for my return which is unfortunate as I have many family memories at Kelly's.I was looking for a seafood restaurant in the NE and this restaurant came up as Philly 10 best for seafood. I ordered fried clams, fried flounder, sweet potato fries. The sweet potato fries should have been called chips because the were sliced thin like potato chips and fried so hard. The clams were just as hard. The fish was just okay. I won't be going back. The staff was great!Me and my hubby love Kellys.  We have never had a bad meal, but what makes it extra special are the bartenders, Cathy and Chris.  We go there for lunch everyday because both bartenders make u feel welcome and the service is outstanding.  We never have to wait for a drink or food.  The service industry needs more bartenders like Cathy and Chris.Great seafood restaurant with good prices including the early bird dinner specials and lunch specials. Seafood is fresh and dinner/lunch platter come with soup, two sides, rolls and coffee or tea. Many other items on menu besides seafood. Good family restaurant.I met the family here.  After having read the reviews, I probably would not have driven this far otherwise.  I'm glad that I went!
The decor needs some updating.  Not that I believe in fashion, but some of the furniture was too well worn.  
The ambiance was just right.  Not loud, but not a funeral parlor.  
Service was excellent.  
We were there at 7 PM on the dot for the all you can eat king crab legs.  Unfortunately my minor condition forbids me from eating too much seafood.  But after watching 3 of my dining companions, I really wanted to have the same thing :(
The waitress was great.  I can't even count how many plates of crab legs she brought out.  VERY little waiting for the next plate.  
Me?  I had an appetizer of fried calamari, which was cooked perfectly.  I mean, these things were CRISPY.  But...they were just a little bland.  And the accompanying sauce was somewhat bland as well.  
My entree was excellent, a fried combo platter.  
Sweet Jeezus, I'm salivating, just thinking about it.  I couldn't even eat it all.  Maybe I had too much of the appetizer, or too much of the bread.  But I have to say that my entire meal was excellent.  
Prices...hmmm.  I think they were just a tad high.  Yes, it was quality food, but the menu is not that exceptional.  
I am definitely a fan of this place, and I would not hesitate to go back.  If I lived closer, I think I'd be a regular.While the others at my table said they liked their dishes, I didn't like my combo dinner one bit. House salad had wet lettuce and one tablespoon of blue cheese dressing that tasted funny. Crab cake was gooey, indicating lots of filler. Shrimp scampi had four off-tasting shrimp swimming in a sea of oil. Mac and cheese was light on cheese flavor and about 1/5th as good as Stouffer's frozen. Stewed tomatoes was more like tomato gumbo (with chunks of celery for some reason). Chocolate mousse was some sort of phony whipped cream plus cocoa. I won't return.We live in Jenkintown and went to Kelly's for the first time.  Our food was tremendous and one of the best seafood platters we have had in long time.
Unfortunately the service was not up to par.  Our server was no where to be found, never could get a glass of water, and I had to ask the hostess for a spoon to eat my desert and stir my coffee.  Overall I would give 5 stars for the food and 1 star for service.Kelly seafood restaurant is the best restaurant in the Northeast Philly area. I love their surf and turf crabcakes are Delicious. I would recommend anyone who likes seafood to try Kelly's seafood.Been around Bustleton over 50 years and a good family restaurant with good early bird specialsIf I could give this place 0 stars I would because it is just terrible all around! The service was subpar and I wouldn't feel the food to my dog. Clams casino were salty and mushy and the pick n peel shrimp were overcooked. How does a seafood place mess up pick n peel shrimp?! I would prefer a McDonald's fish fillet over the shrimp and crab cake sandwich I ordered. My boyfriend ordered his burger medium rare and it came out well done. It was blatantly obvious the waitress didn't wanna be there. I'm still puzzled as to how this place has been in business for so long! By far one of the worst dining experiences I've ever had! Do yourself a favor and go to one of the many other seafood options in the area!Pretty good. Was in the city site seeing and Googled seafood and Kelly's showed up. The crowd was very Philadelphia (most had their phillies paraphernalia on display) and was very patient with our group of 8 that included 3 kids. It was worth the half hour trip from central Philly.Very disappointed food was horrible no taste im surprised there still around
Prime rib was like paper and raw
Calamari had no taste
Sauce taste like spagettios
Wont be returning sorryI used to love this place, but after going there last night -I doubt I will ever return. Appetizers are ordered as we sit down, so you would think they would come out first-wrong- After taking our order the salads that come with the dinners came out , then seconds later-the appetizer is served-This is a small table to begin with-the waitress was awful- My dish, the broiled seafood combo was FLOATING in butter and oil- disgusting- My mothers dish was a seafood Neptune-(sort of a flounder and shrimp francaise) same thing-FLOATING in butter and oil-she could not even eat it. Then to make matters worse our server was awful. She would clean the dishes off at the table-literally dumping plates on to other plates at our table- As she was cleaning off the table she never even asked why the one plate had barely been touched- She was clueless- needless to say-something has changed down at Kellys and I will NEVER return.This place used to have really good seafood at an affordable price.
 We stopped going here because the food started to become consistently bad. I ordered tilapia last time. It had alot of dark spots and tasted very fishy. Tilapia should never taste fishy... I don't even understand how that is possible.  That was our last visit here.  Food definately went downhill.Went on Sunday because I had an old Groupon that was going to expire if I didn't go. My wife had been here a previous time although I've never been. Our Groupon was for dinner and despite it being near lunch time (about 3PM or so) we just had to order off the dinner menu to use it.
The wait staff there was nice and courteous. She was fairly attentive but not overbearing but not the greatest in the world. The food, however, matches the decor and crowd there. It appears to be mostly seniors and fairly empty and the food matched the status-quo for the crowd: uninspired, bland and tasteless.
We got the calamari as an appetizer and could immediately tell they were frozen. They were pretty bland and tasteless, even the batter didn't have much flavor. There was a nice spot of oil/grease underneath when we were finished but they were OK for the price. We got a larger portion that expected as well. 
The scallops in my wife's alfredo were undercooked and raw. Unfortuantely she didn't notice until after dinner and ended up getting a stomach ache from them. The chicken I had was pretty good but nothing you'd expect from the $17 entree price.
My mashed potatoes had a strange taste to them. I couldn't put my finger on it, but it almost seemed like it was made with soured milk or old potatoes. I had them sent back and got a baked potato which was OK. The "macaroni & cheese" was tasteless and bland. A better descriptor would be "cheese colored pasta", as it tasted like plain boiled noodles with no semblance of cheese. 
We didn't do much complaining as the bill came to just $3 with the groupon but I'd be upset if I had paid the full $45 bill.Food was good and they have reasonable lunch specials.  The turkey is great even though this is a seafood restaurant.Thought we'd try this restaurant again. Again, the food was lack luster. Marinara sauce had no seasoning flavors to it. Tasted more like tomato soup. I took leftovers home and added seasonings to it to bring it up to par. 
Scallops were good. 
Oyster stew was flat and tasted like it was made with skim milk. 
Nothing is salted. 
Portions are plentiful. Prices good. 
Waitress was attentive and nice. Place was really busy (Saturday afternoon). Will try it once more in a few weeks. 
So far, Gallos is a much better choice in northeast Philly for good seafood.Terrible!!!!!!!
Me and my family went here after my mother's funeral because they could accommodate us. 
Anyway, the food was not good. 
First, the soup was nasty, but the side salad wasn't bad and the waitress was great. 
Second, the parmigiana chicken tasted low quality and like microwaved. 
Third, the decor is old and outdated. 
I can go on and on. Not impressed and will never go back.an hour and a half wait to get a seat, when they take us in the place is 60-70 empty in the back, then it took another 30 minutes for us to get menus even asking several times, there seemed to be plenty of staff on hand too. after all was said and done our food came out, VERY disappointed ! their stuffed clams were a green jellylike goo that smelled more like rotting celery than seafood, flounder was overcooked and dry as can be. this place is living off of a dieing reputation now, so sadThis is my family's favorite seafood restaurant in the Northeast Philly / Bensalem area. We've been coming here since my 11-year-old was an infant. Great family oriented restaurant that also has a bar sectioned off. The food is fresh and cooked just as you expect a restaurant that has been in business for so long to. Try any version of the scallops!!!!A little late to the party but I went here about 3 weeks ago.  This place is absolutely amazing and most of it has to do with our amazing waitress Gab.  Not only was she the most caring and thoughtful waitress.  She also helped walk my aunt to the car when she was sick and all of my family was so thankful for her, it really makes a difference when a stranger goes out of their way to help a family member when they are sick, I would lie if I said I didn't get emotional.  I have ate at many restaurants and bars and this was by far my favorite, Gab made the difference.
The food was Way below average.  Most of my family could barely stomach the food.  My uncle Jack threw up because the food made him ill but the reason I am giving 5 stars is because of Gab!!
I love a good family business that makes you feel at home.  I talked to the workers and they said it was family run.
What a great restaurant and a great family!  I will be back next Saturday night and I will request Gab as a waitress (SorryImNotSorry)
Cya Guys Soon!
God Bless Kelly's and God Bless America!
God Bless Gab!!Sunday lunch. Our waitress was fantastic. The atmosphere was nice, reflective of a seafood environment. 
My wife's scallop platter was delicious as were the potato salad and beets that she selected as sides. 
My crab cakes were okay. Jumbo lump crab meat it is not. It was ground too small and the cake was too creamy for me. It tasted good, but not what I was looking for. The linguini with garlic and oil side that I selected had way too much basil, oregano or something. I could barely eat it. I'm still tasting it two hours later! 
Overall, this is a good restaurant. We will go back. I must say that the prices are great! The most seafood for the money in Northeast Philly.I ate here last Saturday. I have lived by this place for five years and never went my friend's family picked it. It was the worst food I ever bought. I am not sure why I thought buying seafood at a seafood place was a good idea. I would have done better by buying the chicken parm sandwich with fries like my friend did. I ordered what I thought was mac & cheese, it tasted like it was out of a box of kraft. The pickled beets were not even made they were out of a jar and my fried scallops were burnt. Nothing in this place is homemade it just seems like it is made out of jar or frozen. Also a few hours later I regretted eating there even more. I have cut a lot of processed food out of my diet and honestly I rather just buy scallops and made my own meal it would have been cheaper and better for my system. Never will go back no wonder it was so dead.have eaten here several times inb the past 30 years and made first visit back in over two years last week. this is not a fancy place. i don't think the decor has really changed much in the past 30 years. but it was bright and clean. our table of four was unanimous that the food was excellent - seafood neptune, linguini with shrimp/scallop/crab, and two orders of flounders. entrees and salads were excellent. service was friendly, attentive, and fast. prices are very reasonable for the quality and quantity of food.best all you can eat king crab legs on a saturday night!!!!
awesome snapper soup!
Delicious broiled sea scallops!
My husband loved the fish n chips!We live in Center City, but we make a special trip to Kelly's because of the good food.
We usually sit at the bar, and Cathy is great.  She makes a nice drink, is friendly and attentive.  
I don't understand some of the other reviews because we have always had a good meal here.Ive been here several times for all you can eat crab legs. 
The service has always been great and the staff are friendly. 
The crowd is a bit older and I like that...they tend to be more civil and you dont have to listen to alot of folks chatting on cell phones. 
My family is able to get good food here as well which is important since I am the only seafood eater in the bunch. You really can't go wrong here for a reasonably priced meal and a quiet evening.Bar full at lunch time 
Abusing the Keg and Scotch 
No oyster half shell 
I liked this place from the moment I walked in the door. Clean, not overly seashore decorated, cozy bar to the side of the entrance where most of their business was being done. I was lucky to find a seat at the bar and once I did the bar tender greeted me with a warm welcome smile and an ease like I was one of the regulars. 
Everything on the bar menu looked good, but I would have liked to have had some raw oyster options. But if they don't do it they don't do it....Anyway, I went with the calamari based on Pamela A's review. A mound of it came out and could easily be shared. In fact it became a bit overwhelming as I don't eat a lot of fried food and I can still feel the effects as I fight off slipping into a grease coma :) They were good, but not the best. the marinara was tangy and a bit sweet but the squid themselves could have used a little seasoning in the badder.
I stuck with beer, but it looked like the bartender pours a stiff drink, which is always a good thing! 
Bottom line, I won't wait until the morning after the next world series win to go back!Really mediocre food, at best.  The Clams Casino was mostly pulverized clams, I suppose and mushy,  Lots of bread crumbs and soggy.  Bacon was in there somewhere,  You could taste and not see.  Not good at all.  The lobster was over cooked.  Lobster should be tender and suculent, not tough and rubbery.   The vegtables were from a can.  Not that great.  If you love Seafood--avoid this place.  This is HOW NOT to do seafood.Came here for a late lunch. Great service- friendly and fast. Other patrons were super nice as well. Best snapper soup in the area. Best eggplant parmigiana we've ever tasted.  Great for a date, girls lunch or even family. Definitely coming back and giving others gift certificates.I hesitated for a long time to write this review, because for the most part their food is good. I've had the fried flounder with sides, the fried clams, and I think the chicken parm once.
I sought out this place because I was looking for an "old school" seafood restaurant with decor to match, the kind my fisherman Dad and I used to go to on the way home from the shore after a day fishing back in the 1960s.
And the food IS good, if a bit on the high side. But my big gripe, and the gripe of everyone in my family, is the tartar sauce! Its the worst supposed tartar sauce I have ever tasted in my life, it tastes super sweet as if its made with Miracle Whip, and its watery! (AVOID it at all costs; bring your own from home, like I do.)
Can someone, ANYONE who knows seafood condiments, teach them how to make GOOD tartar sauce? You know, like the kind Old Original Bookbinder's used to have, and that the Irish Pub in Center City and Little Nicky's at Castor and Cottman STILL have? HOW is it that a seafood restaurant that has been around since 1958 can make the WORST tartar sauce?!I've been here for the all you can eat crabs, and I had my rehearsal dinner here. Both occasions were up to par for me. I didn't have any issue with the crabs being too dry. The service was great, they kept coming without prompting. For our rehearsal dinner, we had 24 people in attendance. All of the food came out together, it was delicious, it wasn't overpriced, we had enough people attending to our party that no one had empty glasses or an abundance of empty plates stacked in front of them. The food we had was good. I guess it depends on your taste and what you order. The décor is a bit dated and the seating is a bit crowded when there are a lot of people present, but other than that I've had nothing but positive experiences.It is what most everyone else has said. Food is not so good. Shrimp was old and soft. Our salad had cucumbers that were bad (slimy and translucent). Staff was friendly. Much older crowd. 60+This is my parents' new favorite restaurant and they took us here when we came to visit.  The menu is humongous and the prices are very good if you go during happy hour.  My parents and husband ordered the fried seafood combo and I got the crab cake and shrimp scampi.  I wasn't a huge fan of the crab cake, but the rest of the food was pretty good.   Don't order the fried seafood plate if you don't want to eat a giant plate of fried seafood! Sounds obvious, but some people need to be told! (You know who you are!)  The fried seafood plate is enormous and comes with so much, plus a few sides, drinks, and dessert!  Waaay too much food.  
I also have to say that they treated my 2 year old so very nicely there and she really loved the place.  She had spaghetti and gobbled it all up.  She loved the waitress.  My girl also flirted with some of the other patrons and they were all friendly and chatted with her and mde her feel very welcome there.Homey, local dine in seafood location. Definitely a locals spot. The owners actually work there and don't sit behind a door. The prices aren't the best, but this local restaurant needs to stay in business  to match the big box places (ahem, red lobster). I'd rather have seafood here first any day of the week than a franchise. There is a private parking lot with plenty of space, the interior is olde ship style. There is a bar on the other side of the dining area with TVs as well.I was here many years ago and it was much better very disappointed this time proably wont be back againI tried this place one more time and I must it still sucks this food is not restaurant worthy and I can cook these dishes better with homemade ingredients getting the Imodium right now how this place stays open with the crap food is beyond me and people who like this place had messed up taste buds go to Gearos across the street.Terrible. The food isn't good at all. Went twice to give them benefit of a doubt, won't go back ever again. Yuck.Went on Sunday using a coupon.  Had a lovely waitress.  Appetizers (mussels and onion rings) were very good, but dinners were disappointing.  Also, the place looks very old - need to spruce it up!  Would give it another try if I had a coupon.came to this restaurant to try something new and let me say it was disgusting!!! for one when i came in there was a musty odor that welcomed me before the server! hardly anybody was in the restaurant which i should have took as a sign to get the hell out but i gave this spot a chance. when me and my friend were seated we asked for 2 waters the waitress only brought one water out and stale bread with butter. my friend didn't receive her water until 5 mins later only for her drink to be put in a kiddie cup. we order our food and my food was sauce less and tasted like everything was warmed up in the microwave. my friend had ordered crab cakes which were rubbery and her macaroni and cheese taste and looked just like kraft. finally we ask the waitress could she give us two separate bills and she told us no no no they dont do that there and that we have to do the math ourselves which i thought was rude because your telling the people who are tipping you that u cant split our bill. so we receive our bill and it was unprofessionally in pencil with a bunch od scribbles so we couldn't see what we were being charged for. my friend order a platter and on the menu it said the price was only 21 dollars and her bill came up to 28? we asked how is that possible the waitress claimed it was tax but since when is their 7 dollar tax in philly ??!! on top of all this madness it comes time to pay we hand the waitress two separate debit cards. she asked to confirm whos card was who and then she proceeds to charge us both the wrong amount of money !!! my bill was only 15 dollars and she charged my card almost 30 dollars thinking i wouldn't notice. she charged my friend 15 dollars and not her original 28. lets just say we were not happy and asked her to fix it the waitress gave us an attitude and tried to blame us for her wrongdoings. it was an overall mess i cant believe this place is still open for business , it was horrible the service needs to be fixed asap. worst seafood spot !! your better off going to red lobster honestly.Went to this place recently and the food was not as good as we remembered from many years ago.  The crab cakes were a major disappointment as they were way too wet, likely loaded with creamy mayonnaise, and the crab meat was too fine. The side dishes left a lot to be desired. overcooked vegetables, mac & cheese that is much like boxed or made with Velveeta.  The soup, however was the best part of the meal.  Service was good.The food was something I could have gotten in a typical diner.
Nothing special. 
I watched an older woman customer treat a young server very badly and later found out the girl was fired over (the surely exaggerated) complaint. Being a server myself I find this was entirely out of line and very unprofessional to cost a young girl her job over a rude customer. For all that woman knew that girl was working to put herself through school and if the owners and management were decent people this would not have happened.Bad food, weird dinning experience.
My mother-in-law and my husband had dinner here on a Sunday night. I'm the type that doesn't care about decor or atmosphere, as long as the food is good I'm excited. And I love good seafood! Unfortunately Kelly's does not have good seafood. I'm honestly hoping we don't end up sick from eating there. I had Mussels Marinara, and Kelly's Crab Cakes. Terrible. The mussels were sandy and off. The crab cakes were inedible, paste colored mush, the consistency of instant mashed potatoes.
We didn't complain, I didn't want to upset my mother-in-law, she was happy.
Our waitress seemed irritated, I felt bad about reminding her that we needed drinks. 
Oh and here is the weirdest part!!!
The old couple sitting in the booth behind us was fighting the whole time. Really being loud and cursing, coughing, just being gross!! It was unreal, the wait staff should have said something because they argued through our entire meal. They were cursing and berating each other none stop, even kicking each other under the table?! WTF
I left Kelly's in a terrible mood. My husband agrees with me, never again.It was between a 3-4, I thought the food was really good so did everyone else in my party but we had other issues. 1. We mad a reservation for a 7:15 and weren't sat until almost 8. The waitress messed up our order not once but twice. It was a very busy night so we said we would try it again on a weeknight instead.Not what it was. Kelly's is tired. This venerable seafood house is thread bare and the food only amplified the stagnant experience. The Manhattan Clam Chowder was a lukewarm gelatinous mix with a few whole clam bodies. The breading is heavy and repeated to the mostly breading filling of the deviled crab stick and clam.
The early bird desert is jello only and the offered daily soup is take or leave it. Offering to up grade, pay the difference on desert or soup is not within the rules. Kelly's was fine in 1995, it's time to rehab or move on. Nostalgia, that left an ache in my stomach and a charge for a soft drink refill. Perhaps that's soda tax compliance. Don't misconstrue the twenty percent tip for an endorsement of the poorly prepared food, just recognition that the server needs to be paid too. I forgot to mention the men's room is really dirty.First and last time ordering here. Ordered take-out for Good Friday to avoid the crowd. 45 minute wait for the food, but that was expected. Waited another 10 minutes in the restaurant up against a wall. The servers were at least very pleasant. Got the food which was the deviled clam entree and chicken parmigiana and that ran me just under $30. When I got home the food was still hot but the chicken parmigiana was dark and even burnt around the edges. The deviled clams seemed slightly overcooked as well. The portions were very large; I got what seemed like 3 pounds of linguine for my chicken. Too bad the spaghetti sauce was in a shot glass sized cup, so the pasta tasted basically like plain noodles. The breading separated completely from the meat of the chicken and was tough to cut even with a steak knife. At the very least the salad was passable, even if they didn't have either dressing I would have liked.
My mom used to eat here often years ago and she was certainly confused as to what happened to the quality of their food. I on the other hand, had a horrible first impression. I'll give this place the benefit of the doubt and say it's probably better eating in, but for a 30-60 minute wait, you can find someplace nicer.Dinner at the Bar
Very reasonably priced "tavern" food.
Dozen Steamed clams ~$6
Broiled Flounder (with a heaping side of fries) ~$12
Bartender was really friendly... everybody (else) at the bar seemed to be regulars. Very neighborly spot.Food: 2
Decor: 2.5
Ambiance: 2.5
Service: 2.5
Value: 2.5
Not a great experience overall. Strange atmosphere, with below average cuisine.Restaurant clean.  The menus and condiments stickie.
Service good.
Food.  Salad v tired and frosted.
Veg n' rice soup tasty.
Fried flounder v poor and fishy tasting.  Not appetising. Oven fries. Stewed tomatoes, pedestrian at best.
Jelly.  Can't really go wrong.
Toilets, filthy.
Rank smell of drains from the kitchens in the parking lot.
4th generation of Kelly's are not hacking it alas.Service was great but my food was burnt and tasted like cardboard. Previous experiences were good but with all other options available in the area I won't go there again.Love this place! Everyone is very nice! The service and food are great! I love the shrimp and crab cakes! If you're looking for a great place for seafood, Kelly's is the place!Was excited to try this place for some time but left feeling very disappointed. Started with the soup of the day which was tomato and vegetable rice. It was extremely salty. We ordered appetizers which came out after the main course. For my entree I chose the broiled stuffed flounder with a side of Mac and cheese and sweet potatoes. The flounder was very old tasting and no seasoning and the crab tasted like it was from a can. Mac and cheese tasted like cheap velveeta. The fried sweet potatoes were the only edible thing. We finally got our stuffed mushrooms app and that was just okay. I would never eat here again.We come here all the time, we love the food, the wait staff and the portions.  We came last night expecting the same.  Our waitress did not have her A game.  It took forever for her to serve our drinks, all of them non alcoholic.  She kept telling us the prices as to discourage us for being there.  The biggest surprise was the portions.  My wife had the surf and turf, the portion of steak was very small. I had the fried flounder and it was much smaller than usual.  We are not quite regulars but come often.  Not sure if it was an off night or if this is a new norm.  We have friends that had a horrible experience here recently but we didn't believe them, but maybe there is some truth to their experience.The fact that Kelly's was completely dead on a Friday in Lent should have told me everything I needed to know.  But $180 later for four all you can eat crab legs, I learned the lesson.  The crabs are not good.  Small and way too dry.  I usually don't use the drawn butter, but I had to here just to get them down.  Lesson learned my friends!  Next time I want crab legs, straight to Chickie's I will go.After a bad experience here we stayed away for a few months.  Our experience was far better than last time.  Our waitress was good, the meal was great and the portions where back to the original size.  The chocolate mousse is to die for.  The only thing that was disappointing was that we had to wait a good bit to be seated even though there were some empty. I think they short some waitstaff.  We will be coming back.  They have redeemed themselves in our minds.I ate here for the first time and I will never go back.  Both my boyfriend and I felt sick later in the night and I was physically ill if you know what I mean.  The food was pretty bland and ended up making me sick so I can't say anything good about it.  
Our waitress clearly doesn't like her job and it showed.  We were seated by the entrance to the kitchen and we could hear one of the waitresses complaining about every one of her customers.  She would begin complaining before she even entered the kitchen so we could hear her loud and clear.
I do not recommend this place to anyone.We went to Kelly's Seafood tonight for the first time for dinner  My wife had the broiled flounder and I had Chicken Parmesan. The salad course was good and the dinners came out good, hot and timely.  Additionally Sunday they run an early bird menu until 9pm.  There were a couple areas for improvement .  The gravy on the Chicken Parm was good but tasted more bland than Italian.  I really wanted to have linguini and clams but asked the waitress if they would take the clams out of the shell for me and she said no they won't. Overall the experience was decent and the food was good.  We will most likely go again.  I just wished they were more flexible to accommodate basic special requests.I have watched the progression of this restaurant go from decent to bad. The last two times that we ate here the food was borderline inedible.  Our waitress along with most of their staff have this nonchalant mannerisms as if taking our order was a total inconvenience.  She walked past our table 5 times without removing the dirty dishes. I had to catch hostess walking by to remove them. They are also known for their fresh hot rolls, but on this Tuesday evening they were visibly old and stale and when I asked about them our waitress said that's all they had at 6:00p. After frequenting this establishment over 40 times in my life I will no longer be eating here nor would I recommend it.  This place is a dinosaur. I give it 1 starSad to say, this was literally one of the worst meals I've had. Would have much rather ordered take out from a local pizza shop. My mom ordered a Swiss mushroom burger done medium. It was so dry and bland. Didn't taste like they put any kind of seasoning on it. I ordered buffalo shrimp. I expected the typical hot sauce that most places use but they seem to use some kind of spicy bbq sauce. Although it may sound good to some, it wasn't good with the shrimp. My sister got mini crab cakes. They were breaded and seem possibly like they may have been fried but the inside was like baby food. Mushy and no flavor. We also got clams casino. They were huge, they looked like they would be delicious but alas, another disappointment. We also got the shrimp bisque. I love most shrimp bisques I've gotten from other places, but I layered probably 1/2 an inch of black pepper on it and it was still bland. I ate here probably about 15 years ago and remembered the food to be delicious. Was excited to go back. I don't know what happened but can honestly say, I will never return. I know we had an early dinner but we were probably the youngest customers they had. Seems to be a senior citizen restaurant. Not a bad thing, but may explain why they don't use any seasonings in their dishes.A colleague recommended this place so I thought I'd give it a try.  The soup of the day is some sort of chicken soup.   My husband didn't like it and said it tasted salty.   To me,  the soup tasted as if it came from a can.  The next thing we tried was the Calamari which was good.   It was fresh and light not chewy but lacked a bit of flavor.   For the entree, I ordered the buttered shrimp covered in coconut with a side of linguine in white sauce.  My husband got the stuffed shrimp.   They were both just ok... nothing special.   My shrimp didn't have much coconut in it and the linguine in white sauce was just average.   The place itself was quite homey and clean but outdated.  The staff was pleasant and we didn't wait too long for our food to come.  Overall,  this restaurant is just average.... just ok...no wow factor.Best food around, great atmosphere, family owned restaurant. Great TV set up by the bar with solid music being played as well, enjoy Christmas music year round. Dishes were also sparkling clean.Their website menu looked impressive with a wide variety and good prices. Went on a Tuesday night for my wife's birthday. The dining room was almost empty but the bar was packed and quite loud. The rolls were served cold and the iced teas were watery. We split an order of stuffed mushrooms which was horrible and sent back. It was loaded with filler and had an odd gooey taste. My wife ordered the house Caesar salad which was not fresh and had very little in it. I ordered the crab bisque soup which was excellent. For $19.95 we both ordered the fried seafood combo. The small lobster tail was tough and chewy. The flounder which appeared large was mostly breading. The three scallops and two shrimp were good. The crab cake failed again because of mostly filler. The oyster was so loaded with sodium it was not edible. Overall we were not satisfied with our meal. Possibly other menu choices are better. We left disappointed with the meal and will not return.Passed by this place the other day and decided to give them a try.
1) Place was welcoming and clean.
2) Host was Friendly and sat us promptly.
3) Waitress was very friendly, attentive, and helpful.
4) Food was goodZ we ordered several items to try:
A) Strip streak was good and cooked just right.
B) Filet and Salmon was good and salmon was moist and cool correctly.
C) Oysters and Clams were fresh and delicious.
D) Soups was good. Had a very thick consistency.
E) Beers were fresh and cold.
F) Mac and Cheese and other items were also good. See pictures below.
Over all I would return to this location again. Please give them a try.I have ordered from Kelly's several times in the past and have never been as disappointed as I was tonight.  The shrimp bisque was so salty, it was completely inedible.  The crab cakes, my go-to order tasted okay, but again were so incredibly salty.  Considering the prices, you'd think quality would be a top priority.   I don't think I will be going back.Kelly's is good for only certain things. Like their snapper soup which is absolutely the best I've ever had. I always bring an extra quart home with me to freeze for a winter craving. It really is that good. 
 The wait staff is equally amazing as well. Some of these gals have been there for are more than a few years and as much as an institution and the restaurant itself. 
The restaurant seems to be known for their seafood but I've sent oysters back that looked questionable and I don't think I've ever had a piece of flounder that wasn't frozen.
However, the shrimp salad is really good as are the burgers and cocktails. And it's a neighborhood place that's warm and friendly.So, i called the restaurant to clarify something about the menu. Instead o
My menu question was never answered, i still ordered the seafood (my son really wanted mussels red tonight) and was tremendously disappointed with my meal. I had the surf and turf, my son had mussels red. We ordered an app Times 2 because i 
had no idea how big it was or how many came in the dish. So i have a giant bowl of mussels red in my fridge that no one will eat. Really I'm just super annoyed they got $50 from meThis is a great place!  I've been here a few times with the family and we've never had a bad meal. There are so many options on the menu and they are all good. If you love seafood, this is the place. I love the shrimp sampler. And the combo meal with crab legs is unbelievable.
 The value here is just amazing. You get a huge meal with salad/soup, sides,  and you don't break the bank like you will at one of the places downtown. Service is top notch and they just seem to care that you are having a great time and experience. 
You can go to a chain and get crap,  or go downtown (although I'd put the food here up against anything I've had there) and spend your whole paycheck.  Or you could go here and get a great seafod dinner and a great experience.  Side note: you will be leaving with take home. If I have any complaint it's that they put too much food in front of you, but it's all so good, I didn't mind. 
Definitely a thumbs up from me.This is your everyday run of the mill seafood spot. My gmom loves it here nd she usually gets the crab imperial or something, for me. Its not bad for seafood.Kelly's is the tradition we love to hate.
My extended family frequents Kelly's and my immediate family goes along.
Downside first:
The crab cakes are all filler, no crab.   You could eat a better crab cake anywhere else.   This is not an exaggeration.
Upside:
Homey decor, waitresses are pleasant, prices are reasonable.
If you stick with fish instead of shellfish, the meal is edible.
We always laugh afterwards about the food; some things you just do for family.This place was recommended by a coworker of mine for prime rib. The waitress was not friendly. Service was slow. It wasn't even busy. Took a very long time to have our drinks refilled, we were so thirsty from the food. It was difficult to watch her walk around and not refill our drinks. The prime rib was dry and overcooked, but I didn't mind. We just minded the service. It took about 20 mins for the waitress to bring us the dessert and boxes after asking us what we wanted for dessert. We felt neglected the whole time. She didn't ask us if we needed anything or how was our meal, not even once. Not sure if it's racism because she was quite friendly to the Americans behind us.This feels mean to write so I'm gonna keep it brief. It's an idea that you need to talk yourself out of.I got deliver from Doodash, so i can only comment on the food
-Kelly's special #2 - shrimp cake, crab cake & crabmeat.  The shrimp and crab cake had too much breading in it and they both were extremely bland. 
-Buffalo shrimp - Good but it lacked celery to eat along with the blue cheese dressing.
-Chopped clams casino - flavorless and very salty.
-Crab bisque - good, but hardly any crab in it. I put my crabmeat in it from my main entree to make it better.
-Garlic bread - extremely greasy
-Fried mozzarella - So bland that i literally had to put my own salt, pepper, and italian seasoning in it to make it taste good.  
Overall only a few items were good. Most of the food was bland, flavorless, and greasy.  I don't understand how this business is still in existence when there are so many better alternatives.Me and my husband came for lunch the waiter was so nice and helped us out being as though it was our first time here. The price was reasonable and most of the food was delicious. We ordered buffalo wings which was wing zing and it didn't have any buffalo sauce on then at all??? The Mac and cheese was horrible and  nasty. Their bacon cheeseburger chicken Parm and fried shrimp was amazing. I can't wait to go back.I wish I could write this review about Kelly's all-you-can-eat crablegs...you know, the ones they offer between 7pm-11pm, or something like that.  However, at 8pm on a Saturday night, they were out.  When you go out on a Saturday night anticipating crab legs and you are denied, nothing else will measure up, even if it is good.  So, I settled for some lobster bisque.  However, Kelly had different plans, as they were out of that also.  After inquiring what they DID have, I settled on some flounder thing.  It wasn't bad, but it wasn't crablegs.  I shall never go back and risk feeling that disappointment again.Kelly's Seafood has a long history of serving the best selection of seafood dishes in Northeast Philadelphia. It's one of those places that you have been going to & enjoying for so long that you take it for granted. Well not Today! I'm 5 staring Kelly's for all the years of great food, drinks & service at Diner special prices. Thank you Kelly's!!!