Sharp small space - laid back feel but culinary expertise shines.  The blackboard menu uses epicurean names but includes ingredients (for us regular folk) which makes choosing simpler.
Grilled octopus ($16) was served as a whole tentacle.  Dramatic and a bit disconcerting; we cut up to share.  Tender and nicely seasoned but not great value.   
A homemade spaghetti with fresh corn ($14) was spectacular; tempted to lick the bowl.
The shoulder steak end cut ($34) was grilled precisely as ordered (one choose medium; another medium rare). Wild salmon was also ordered and reported tasty.
Unique quality in a BYOB.  Its unfair to compare prices to places with liquor income.
So grab good wine and enjoy.Jaxon BYOB last night. Great food small and quaint. We really were headed to another nearby spot that we have eaten at before but hands down the food was great ay Jaxons. Duroc porkchop. Just the right portion for me. Service was great. Try it.A great dining experience! We had the cauliflower and the trout caesar salad as appetizers, and both were fantastic. For an entree, we shared the pork chop, which was ENORMOUS, and served over delicious barley. The restaurant is small, but does not feel cramped. My only comment is that I wish they printed paper menus, but I understand that their offerings change daily. We sat right under the chalkboard so it was a little bit awkward to pick out our meal. Regardless, the service was great and the food hit every mark!Had the best experience at Jaxon. BYOB with a great atmosphere! The two times I have visited I have been served by the owner himself! He's wonderful, and he explains each menu item in depth! We shared the octopus, mac n cheese, tuna crudo, and the scallops. We were absolutely blown away by the tuna crudo and the scallops. Loved having so many great seafood additions on the menu! Everything we had was presented beautifully and tasted even better. Can't wait to come back! 
Also I would recommend making a reservation ahead of time unless you plan to go right around when they open, the place fills up really quickly!Awesome dining experience. The food and service was exceptional. The tables favorite was the pork chop but all enjoyed the unique variety of small plates and entrees shared. Looking forward to our next visit!No other word to describe this place than amazing. We were a little late for our reservation but they kept our table. The small plates were to die for and the entrees speak for themselves. Service was on point and prompt, very knowledgeable about every dish. We will be back.I don't even write yelp reviews and this place is so bomb I made an account. Arguably the best meal I've eaten. Wait staff and cooks are awesome. I'm disappointed in myself for not trying this place sooner.Northern Liberties hot spot - get there while you can still get a table!
I had dinner there Thursday with two friends.  We ordered and shared:
- Octopus
- Caesar salad (lightly grilled)
- Brussel sprouts in bacon jam
- Salmon
- Sirloin
- Monkfish
The food was amazing - the sauces and accompaniments brought out unique flavors that made each dish come alive. The place was hopping.  Get there while you can still get a table.  
Tony and his team have put together a delightful creation!If you're looking for a place that's intimate, this is the place to go. Its small but it gives you the feeling that you are the center of their attention. The owner is very hands on with his customers which we loved. The food is very warm and savory and well portioned. Heirloom Carrots will blow you away. And their striped bass was very crispy. A great place to gather, eat and pregame prior to venturing out into the city night life.Me and my boyfriend live down the street from this new restaurant and we have been wanting to try it out since it opened. We finally had the chance to Sunday. We ordered quite a few dishes (Mac and cheese, asparagus, pork patê,  grilled octopus, and the fettuccine and chicken and sausage for the main course). The Mac and cheese was okay, it was real oily so the cheese really didn't stick well to the pasta, it was more like buttered pasta and cheese. I did like the burnt flavor from the crust on the top pieces of the pasta, but everything under that first layer is quite oily and didn't hold too much flavor. The fettuccine was okay too. A little too al dente for my taste, but it was still OK. The pork patê was ridiculously delicious. I can't even tell you how much I loved that dish. I regret not getting two orders. It's covered with really sweet and juicy mango strings and it's placed on a nice slice of bread. It is such a wonderful and unique combination. The grilled octopus was amazing as well. It's served as a full tentacle which was very different from most places. Most of the time you find them sliced. That was perfectly seasoned and didn't have that rubbery texture is was tender and flavorful. The asparagus was in a creamy sauce and it had a spicy kick to it. The chicken and sausage was served with asparagus, but the sausage was okay, it's the chicken I would rave about. The chicken was juicy and the flavor was out of this world. I would definitely recommend trying this new place out. The customer service was very good as well. We sat outside and they didn't have menus.. I guess it was one of their first days of outside seating being available and because we had our dog we weren't able to go in together, we were going to take turns going in but the waiter was nice enough to snap a photo of the menu and give us his phone. The staff checked on us frequently and made us feel very welcomed. They are BYOB, which is cool because it cuts out a lot of the money you would spend on drinks. Our total was $108 for all of the dishes we had and I think that was a pretty fair cost. I will definitely be going back and I definitely recommend this new spot to people who are interested.Made a reservation 4 days in advance for Saturday 6PM. Parking in Northern Liberties was a nightmare (turns out the NL music festival & flea market was the very same day...) so while we were scavenging for a spot we called the restaurant to apologize for being late and the owner, Tony, let us know not to worry and was very understanding, which I appreciated. By the time we got there it was close to 6:30 but were seated immediately. It's a fairly small place with a simple chalkboard menu in the corner. Tony was our server for most of the night as well and he started by giving us a vivid description of every item on the menu, small and large plates alike. It was a lot of information at once but he did provide more than one would glean by just looking at the menu. I had read rave review about the octopus so that was a must. We also decided to share the asparagus and burrata. For large plates we ordered the hanger steak and tilefish.
It didn't take long for the small plates to come out. Each one was delicately plated and I honestly had trouble deciding which to try first. The octopus was AMAZING, maybe my favorite dish all night. The cucumber, radish and taramasalata combined perfectly and each bite was full of flavor. The asparagus with whipped goat cheese and pomegranate really exceeded my expectations; another great combination of flavors. The burrata with speck (bacon) and toast was good, but didn't blow me away. For what it's worth though, my girlfriend really enjoyed the asparagus and burrata but wasn't as crazy for the octopus. Don't listen to her though, just get the octopus.
I ordered the hanger steak medium rare and as soon as it came I could see it had been cooked to perfection. It came with roasted vegetables, including some dank carrots, a few small potatoes and some creamy purple polenta mystery magic. Everything was tremendous and I tried my best to include every ingredient in every bite because it was just that good. I tried my girlfriend's tilefish, which came with a spring pesto, Israeli couscous and green beans. It was good! But I'm not a huge fan of white fish in general and would've taken the steak any day of the week.
Service was great, I wouldn't change a thing. Tony was attentive, friendly, and a pleasure to talk to. It was interesting to hear about his previous restaurant and the process of opening Jaxon, named after his son, who, as it turned out, was at the table next to us the whole time ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ 
One of the chefs even came to our table at the end of the meal and I confessed to him it was the best meal I'd had in a long time. I can't wait to come back and see what Tony and his team come up with next! Thanks for a memorable meal.Full package....a must for dinner in Philly, very lucky to have this spot in Northern Libs.My husband and I celebrated our birthday here when they first opened last year and then came back this past Friday. Both times were absolutely fantastic! We were greeted by the owner Tony upon our arrival and our waiter described every small & large plate in detail (the menu is seasonal and changes frequently). I can't remember everything we got the first time we came but the octopus small plate & pork loin entree is a MUST GET! This time we got the short rib and sea bass, and finished the night off with the chocolate ganache tart dessert. We had eaten a later lunch or we would have also gotten a small plate to start...they all sounded delicious! Everything was fresh & flavorful, and the large plates are a good amount of food for the price you're paying. We will be back again because I'm dying to try the mac & cheese! It is a small place so make reservations and know that it can get a little loud. And don't forget your wine or "grape juice" as Tony calls it since it is a BYOB, which makes it even more reasonably priced!Awesome meal!   Great food, great service, and great presentation.  We had the octopus, Mac-n-cheese and the duck.   We also shared a pot de creme.   It was all amazing. The owner, Tony, and the entire staff are great.  Definitely will be going back!!!A true gem for foodies! Wonderful ambiance , great service and very creative chef! Should have a waiting list and probably will in a very short time or we were just lucky in timing and got a table outdoors! Can't wait to go back.Thank you loyal YELP friends for letting me in on this little secret orgasmic experience!   I need a cig and a bourbon to reflect on what happened on my taste buds Saturday night. The brilliance of food prep, ingredient and accompaniments in a couple handfuls of menu choices laid out on a blackboard on the wall and so superbly explained and described, made your mouth water in anticipation of selection.  I want it all, and I want it again and again.  I am such the glutton for these creations.
Small plate starters, for my gorgeous blonde friend for the evening (and more), were the brussels sprouts with a bacon jam.  The jam was slightly spiced with French espelette pepper flakes and topped with grilled strips of halloumi cheese.  I could sit there and eat that bacon jam with a spoon it was sooooo delicious.  The other app we ordered was the crudo for the evening, a kamachi with pear, a slight hint of coconut and adorable little pickled mushrooms.  Both plates were to die for!
I then had the veg dish for the evening...get this...a butternut squash pancake, looks like a mini quiche, with all sorts of veg goodness inside and an exquisite smoked chili aioli.  I simply loved it, the texture, the presentation, all of the ingredient combinations.  Wow, what a great choice by me!!  :-)
My "arm-candy" had the salmon with a beurre blanc poured gently around the fish at the table, and with melted leeks.  The salmon was cooked a perfect medium rare, the leeks were fabulous.  
Couldn't get dessert, pleasantly full.
What a great find, totally wonderful, a neighborhood gem, small and cozy with an open-feeling.  That's it, I'm all out of compliments.  Enjoy!My friends and I rented out Jaxon's for our college reunion and Tony and his staff did not disappoint.   We pretty much sampled everything on the menu but my favorites were the ridiculously thick and scrumptuous pork chop and the hangar steak.  Fresh ingredients, great company and a great little spot to grab a delicious meal. Peace and love Skiball.   D GURU
I need that pork chop recipe so I can make it for my son.I recently moved to NoLibs and have been sampling the restaurants and food around town. Jaxon is one of the first places I visited and after a few months, it's still my favorite. The dishes are unique with fresh, seasonal ingredients. Some of the flavors were new to me and very delicious. I love the passion of the owner and the chef. You can tell they both love what they do and want their patrons to enjoy the experience. I will definitely go back!The food was good - especially the calamari in red sauce- octopus was also worth a try. I had the pork - it was okay - maybe too much breading. Dessert was average- not worth the calories. The room is small and when full the noise level can be a bit overwhelming. Service friendly and knowledgeable.Jaxon is one of the most accommodating, delicious,  fun, and engaging BYOBs philly has to offer. The food was top knot and the host Tony made it feel like one of the most personal dining experiences I've ever had. The chefs were interactive over their wall from the kitchen into dining room and everyone from my party of 14 was impressed with the experience and can't wait to go back! I couldn't have asked for a better dining experience for my bachelorette party and can't wait to be a regular at this intimate northern libs hot spot!! Thanks for everything JaxonJaxon is by far the best restaurant in Northern Liberties! It's hip and intimate atmosphere partnered with incredibly flavored farm to table food is out of this world!! Everyone I recommend this restaurant to FALL IN LOVE with it. 
- KMT, NoLibs ResidentWent here for the first time on Monday night.  It is a small corner restaurant with maybe 25 seats.  Quaint- with a French or New Orleans kind of feel.  We had The Brussel sprouts, seared salmon and the Lamb ragout.  Everything was wonderful and the service was impeccable.  Will definitely be a new favorite spot in NoLibs.  One suggestion- add a special entree nightly.  The menu is small (which is fine because it is diverse)- but a nightly special would keep me in there more often so there are new things to try.This place is such a hidden gem.  Cool, calm atmosphere with amazing food and amazing service.  Tony was knew their menu offerings like the back of his hand and articulated in specific detail each item. There is an open kitchen which allows you to watch your food be prepared right infront of you. And the food itself - what an incredible meal! To top it off, I mentioned in passing that my boyfriend could pick what he wanted to share since it was his birthday, and at the end of the meal out comes a cake with a candle lit for him! Great experience here.This place was worth the wait. We phoned in at 5pm to make reservation and was told they only had openings at 9pm. Took that slot and my gosh was it worth it. The best flavorful food ever each entree we ordered complemented each other. Hands down to the wonderful chefs and the servers alike making this wonderful and mouthful of experience of flavors come together.Went to Jaxon BYOB for a nice dinner. It was AWESOME. The menu is small and the owner actually comes out and talks to you about each option and helps you pick out what you like best based on your tastes. We got the octopus which was delicious, the ravioli also very tasty. For mains, we got the osso buco and the rabbit bolognese which Im still dreaming about! Highly recommended for a special dinner out.Just finished yet another phenomenal meal and realized that I have yet to post a review.  This evening's experience was like the half-dozen prior visits: friendly, properly-paced service, incredibly flavorful dishes and great ambience.
The place is small and intimate without being claustrophobic.  Outdoor seating is really pleasant too.  The charming chalkboard menu is limited but with something to offer everyone; it changes based on whatever is fresh, available and in season so the detailed explanations provided are quite helpful.I was lucky enough to be in the neighborhood when I ran into Tony. He invited me and three of my friends inside for a soft opening. The food was delicious!! We all ordered one thing from the "Large plates" part of the menu and there wasn't anything that I wouldn't have ordered again. Tony is a very caring guy and really takes ownership of his restaurant named after his son. I can't wait for it to finally open on the 16th! I will sure to make weekly or bi-weekly visits to stop in for a healthy, tasty, perfectly portioned meal. The service was great too! Bring your best wine and closest friends and Jaxon won't disappoint!Went here for the first time on Monday night.  It is a small corner restaurant with maybe 25 seats.  Quaint- with a French or New Orleans kind of feel.  We had The Brussel sprouts, seared salmon and the Lamb ragout.  Everything was wonderful and the service was impeccable.  Will definitely be a new favorite spot in NoLibs.  One suggestion- add a special entree nightly.  The menu is small (which is fine because it is diverse)- but a nightly special would keep me in there more often so there are new things to try.We had two small plates, the grilled asparagus and the peas and carrot salad, and the skate wing.  It was plenty for the two of us and each dish was a delight. You know how it feels great when you get food that is along the lines of what you cook at home, but is way beyond what you could ever pull off? This was it. 
Go and enjoy.Went in with three friends Wednesday night, the four of us had a great meal and service. 
Open kitchen right there in the dining room with the owner taking care of the tables. Small, cute, nice design. 
Menu was small, but diverse, very seaonal, had stuff for everyone. Just the way I like it. We ordered all over the menu and everything was cooked perfectly and the timing of the meal was just right.
Will be back soon!Delicious byob with a great atmosphere and friendly staff! We ordered octopus and fettuccini for an appetizer and steak and salmon for our entrees. The menu changes regularly but everything was delicious! I definitely recommend checking this place out.Jaxon is an okay place. The food is usually good, loved the appetizers. However, the service is subpar. I ordered a medium steak and was told I was wrong when I thought it was under cooked. He took it back with a scoff, and after it was still terribly cooked. Didn't order dessert because we didn't feel welcome (we were a group of 11, but they still didn't want us).Discovered this gem the other night, even though I've gone by it a million times.  The menu is simply put on a bulletin board, featuring lots of local produce, meat, fish.  The owner/server explained everything nicely and was very solicitous.  I had the short ribs with polenta; the polenta was amazing.  I also had the octopus (excellent) and my wife had the winter salad along with the cauliflower small plate.  Everything was perfect.  We will be back for sure.Chef Matt does it well!  All the dishes were perfectly spiced and well presented.  Tony (owner) and Ben were very friendly and laid back.  I wish this team the best of luck with continued success!Tried this small but quaint BYOB on a friends recommendation and yelp reviews. Not disappointed! Great food, varied menu, quaint space and friendly host/waiter.
The octopus, Brussels sprouts and mushroom tarting were well prepared and enjoyed by all.
The salmon entree was the finest prepared piece of fish that was perfectly done. The sea bass also was a winner.
Not dessert eaters but the pot de creme was the perfect ending to a great meal. Will be back again.....and again........and again!We had the best dinner in about five times eating there. I called for a reservation about three for saiid thirty and they said fine we were not rushed at all they accommodated my three year old granddaughter very wellTried this place for the first time last Friday night and was blown away! It was around 830 on a friday night, they were pretty busy but we got a table right away and we're greeted by a very friendly waiter. Our waiter thoroughly explained the dishes to us, we had the tomato salad and ceasar salad, the tomato salad was out of this world! Never had it the way they make it and it was just amazing. My dad ordered the trout and I ordered the eggplant, both dishes were enormous and delicious! I don't usually eat fish but tried the trout and it was super tender and had perfectt flavor. The eggplant was in a tomato sauce that was so good. Ambiance, service, and food was all excellent! Will definitely be back. And BYOB! Brought a small bottle of merlot that went perfect with the entire meal. Left super full and happy!My boyfriend and I went to try Jaxon on Sunday for dinner. He use to be a chef and here was his review:
Environment - clean and contemporary. Limited seating that's very open and a good view of the talented chef.
Menu - definitely seasonal and thoughtfully compiled. The menu that truly a great or aspiring chef would put together as a resume.
Staff - thoughtful and well versed, great service
Food - this is by far the best restaurant I have ever been to in philly. The limited menu shows the dedication to quality,  balancing flavors and textures. 
What we ordered:
Grilled cobia - cooked perfectly, leeks were grilled perfectly, romesco was tasty. My recommendation would be leave the cobia with the skin to get better flavor and get a nice char on it. I might also ditch the romesco sauce in favor of something a bit more complementary, lighter and more fragrant/flavorful.
Fried Porkloin - this dish showed brilliance from the fry, the buttermilk vinaigrette, Swiss chard and grilled plum. The breading was the best I've  ever had, extremely crispy and tasty without a hint of oil.  The contradicting textures of crispy fried Porkloin with the Swiss chard and the balance of the grilled plum and creamy buttermilk vinaigrette remarked brilliance that had me switching every bite. My only recommendation would be to grill pears or a less sweet fruit instead of plums since for me they were too sweet. I spoke to the chef after who said he was already working on something since he also thought it was too sweet and threw off the balance. He might source plums from somewhere else next time (not west coast). This statement confirmed a chef that not only knows his food but knows his produce sources and goals for his menu. We overhead as we walked out "see, I fucking love shit like that" from the chef to our waiter.
I truly think this restaurant is destined for greatness with a great staff and chef. After tweaking some of the balances I think they will be a destination restaurant with one of the best menus in the city.Wonderful, amazing food. Can't wait to go back. BYOB , the owner read off the menu in great detail , I wanted to try it all. Local, farm to table, sea to land food a must tryMy boyfriend and I had been trying to get a last minute reservation at Jaxon for about a month and were lucky enough to get a last minute reservation last night! It was definitely worth the wait. 
Jaxon was small and had a quaint intimate atmosphere. There were two servers, one of which is the owner, 2 cooks in the very open kitchen and one dishwasher. During our meal we talked to the head chef, the owner and the other server. 
The service was excellent! The blackboard menu changes every day and our server went through each and every dish with detail.  While the food is officially categorized as new American, the night we went, the dishes varied in inspiration from Mediterranean, Japanese, Italian, Spanish and more. According to our server, the menu changes daily and you can always find an eclectic mix of food. 
For appetizers we got octopus and mac and cheese. The mac and cheese was delicious. It contained goat cheese, cheddar and parmesan cheeses. It was crispy on top and creamy in the middle. The octopus was also delicious. It was cooked beautifully and was incredibly tender. It was on top of taramasalta which was creamy and had a little bit of heat. It was topped with pickled radish and cucumber which balanced the dish nicely. 
For our main dishes, we shared the pork chop and the okonomiyaki. The okonomiyaki is a play on Japanese street food which was a Japanese pancake. It had cabbage, corn, and butternut squash in the batter and was topped with chipotle aioli and some peppers. It was a super unique dish that contained sweet, salty, spicy and savory flavors which made it super tasty. The pork chop was placed on top of risotto with pancetta and pumpkin which was a great fall dish. 
For dessert we ordered a polenta budino. It was topped with berry compote and shaved almonds. It was very texturally interesting and was delicious. 
Overall, the food was amazing, service was great and the ambiance was romantic and quaint making it an amazing experience. Will definitely be returning soon!Have been wanting to try this place since the sign first went up several weeks ago and got the chance last night...so glad Jaxon is now in the neighborhood! Though less than 2 weeks old the place runs flawlessly...and the food is delicious! The young greens and pear salad is a wonderful balance of sweet and sharp between the lovely locally sourced blue cheese and the dressing with the ripe pears, greens and macadamia nuts rounding out the flavors (and textures...great contrasts). The homemade fettuccine with peas was also delicious. The perfectly cooked fettuccine was complemented by peas and pea tendrils with a sprinkling of Parmesan and coarse black pepper - great early spring dish. They told us they will be changing their menu with the availability of local produce and other items, which we're looking forward to. The menu is not large (6 small plates, 6 large plates) but there is definitely something for everyone who enjoys well prepared, creative food. With but 10 tables and an open kitchen it is a small and busy place. They do take reservations, which I would recommend making. I love the minimalist decor...perfect for the space! Looking forward to going back!This was our first time going to this restaurant and it was an incredible experience! Tony was an incredible server and explained each dish on the menu in great detail. We ordered the mussels, mac and cheese, hanger steak, and sea bass. Everything was delicious but I would definitely recommend the mac and cheese for its creaminess and the sea bass for its crispy crust! Tony was also kind to get me a slice of cake for my birthday. Will definitely come here again soon!A solid and worthy choice, in particular because it's BYOB (and unlike many BYOBs they take credit cards - yeah!).  The space is nice and inviting and the staff attentive and helpful. It would be nice to have printed menus, rather than straining to read the menu on the wall, which is especially a challenge if you're not facing the wall.  
Began with the octopus, which were two large tentacles that were perfectly cooked and served in a sauce with some heat and diced cucumbers.  This was very good.  For entrees the coulotte steak was a substantial piece of meat.  Requested medium-rare and it came on the rarer side.  The salsa verde accompaniment was too cold.  The arctic char was a bust - the whole, soupy dish was flavorless.The ambience of this place... Perfection! Food presentation... Divine! Service... Excellent! Pricing... A little off. 
Seriously loved every minute of it. The fact that it's a BYOB is literally amazing. However there were some things left to be desired. The space is small, so I can't imagine how it would feel on a weekend night (went on a Monday with my boyfriend) and we were seated in a semi timely fashion. As much as I LOVED the food, I don't think the dishes themselves called for the pricing they were at. And don't get me wrong, I'm a fan of using locally sourced ingredients and I get that it comes with a price, but when your chef is too heavy on the pepper with every dish you're served you begin to wonder whether the staff also realizes this fact as well.Great tasting food and excellent preparation. Nice small space with an open kitchen. Food was overpriced for a casual neighborhood spot, considering the substance/quantity, but that was the only negative aspect.Very long over due for this review. I had a Christmas dinner here a couple weeks ago and I could not have picked a better venue. I spoke with the owner a couple times before making the reservation and he was always friendly and did all he could to accommodate my party. We tried everything on the menu and there wasn't a dish that didn't disappoint-- especially the appetizers. The octopus, Brussels sprouts, Mac & Cheese-- all super yummy! Portions are great-- so much so we didn't have room for dessert. It's def a must try! You won't be disappointed!Such an amazing place! I just got back in town and met some friends for our annual Birthday Dinner... We loved everything  about Jaxon... Food, Service and atmosphere were amazing! Tony, you and your staff are awesome!Delicious, intimate dinner with friends.  Had to get a couple mac and cheeses to share ala The Latest Dish.  Dishes well executed, perfect level of service.  Would love to return to explore the menu some more.Great ambience, attentive service and the food... Simply amazing! I highly recommend the asparagus and octopus entrees. The fish dishes are also very tasty and at the same time light and healthy. If you want meat, go for the pork or the steak - both incredible!Hidden gem! I can't believe more people don't know about this place! We were greeted warmly before we even stepped through the door. The two male waiters (suspected owners also?) ushered us in while holding the door open and leading us to our choice of tables for two. The space is small, with a modern, minimalist design with vintage Edison light bulbs hanging from the high ceiling linked through ladders (really funky looking) and sleek wooden tables. There can't be more than 10-12 tables in the whole restaurant. The kitchen is open and the menu is on a blackboard - changes daily and is seasonal. 
Our waiter explained each dish on the menu in detail and even filled us in on where the carefully chosen ingredients were sourced. There is definite thought and care put into each dish. The service definitely was a highlight of the evening. It made the experience feel special and uniquely catered to us. My boyfriend and I both had the octopus starter (wow) on a creamy bed of taramosalata (carp roe, butter, lemon among other ingredients) crunchy radishes and cucumbers. This was the most unique, knock your socks off delicious presentation of octopus I've ever eaten. We both then melted into the salmon main dish with melted leeks and beurre blanc poured table side. So rich decadent. Salmon was mid rare, perfect and so fresh with crispy skin. 
Only small complaints would be I could see how the space could be loud... as we were wrapping up they sat 2 six-top tables. We were lucky to get in before the rush. We also received our dishes quite quickly and were done both courses in under 45 minutes. I prefer longer wait times at the beginning and between. The food was so delish I could have lingered for much longer. Other small thing was no bread service. Although not necessary I was dreaming of dipping crusty bread in that taramalsalata or beurre blanc. That aside, we left there pleasantly satisfied and even skipped dessert.
Can't wait to return!!!!Such a cozy place! Thankfully, we made reservations and were seated immediately. Our server was very attentive, and kind. The menu is small, but there is something for everyone. I went with 4 other people, and we were able to try most of the appetizers, and shared our entrees. The price is very reasonable, and it's a BYOB. It doesn't get much better than that! I definitely want to go back.Went to Jaxon to celebrate a friend's birthday; our reservation was made in advance and confirmed by the restaurant for 8:30pm.  A large group occupied the entire indoor dining area until after 9pm; we were waiting outside on the sidewalk next to another group waiting. When the waiter noticed our inquisitive looks (after 45 minutes of zero-acknowledgement) he said, "you might as well come in too."  This was at 9:15pm, 45 minutes after our reservation.  Between our group of 12ppl and the other group, the dining room was full again...sat all at once in that sort of make shift small dining room space you see in this type of BYOB.  Another thing you see in this type of BYOB is amazing food and service- in any case, part of me was excited to see the chef's ramp up to serve the entire dining room.  Part of me thought:  'if they sat us all at once, they must be able to handle it.'
All right, I'll spare you the narrative style review and just stick to the bullet points:
Server greeted us at 9:20pm (1 server managing two groups inside, 1 server managing the outdoor seating area).
First course served at 10pm:  Burrata with olive tapenade and a sort of giardiniera was very good, as was the Octopus with cucumber and radish.
Entrees served at 10:45pm:  Spaghetti with crab, peas and onion cream tasted like a $29 ramen noodle dish, overly salted with frozen peas. There are very nice Italian restaurants serving much better homemade spaghetti; do not order it here.
Stone sea bass should be sweet, moist with large flakes; this was mushy. The crisped skin was the best component; the carrots and haricot vert were also quite good.
Luckily the birthday boy's pork chop with barley risotto was the standout dish; however another friend who ordered the same did not receive it until 10 minutes after the rest of the food was served.
Everyone was hustling- they just failed to execute.We returned to Jaxon this weekend for our second visit.  The food, service and evening were excellent.  I was pleased to see many seasonal choices on the menu.  We shared two appetizers and one entree.  Despite the menu being relatively small, it was had to make a decision. The portions are well-sized.  Each was delicious.  I look forward to returning so that I can try more things.I am fortunate enough to have eaten all over the world and I can safely say that Jaxon is one of the best meals I have ever had. Each dish was better than the next - which, believe me, I didn't think was possible after starting with the muscles and the gnudi. The passion and skill of the people were evident in the food, service, and ambience of this wonderful establishment. I will keep coming back until I'm either dead or broke. And even then, I'll probably ask to wash dishes in exchange for that gnudi.So excited for this new restaurant to open and it didn't disappoint.  Had a wonderful meal opening night. The cozy interior is industrial cool and comfortable.  The food was great and the service was amazing.  hats off to Tony and his crew. Looking forward to many more meals.We ordered the octopus, papperdelle, steak, and the bread pudding. It was some of the best food I've ever had. The staff was super friendly and I would definitely come back.Delicious!! I'm so glad I finally got to try this place out. NL was in need of a solid BYOB in the neighborhood, and Jaxon does not disappoint! I got the fried pork loin--holy guac, it was SO tasty, and crispy, and tender. The BF got the whole trout and said it was pretty good but just a little bland...a pinch of salt would have done the trick. Oh, and to start we got the grilled octopus appetizer. The only reason I didn't give this place 5 stars was because I thought it was a little too pricey for the portion sizes, but I guess they can charge a little more since it's a BYOB--specifically I thought the octopus dish was insanely expensive for what you actually got, which was 1 small leg for, I think, $17? Ah well, it was still very good, so I guess I shouldn't complain too much! Aside from the food, the ambiance was adorable (great date spot!) and the service was on point. Very impressed.Fantastic food, great menu, quality ingredients. Neighborhood GEM!Delicious. We loved our appetizers. We ordered the Mac and cheese and the  octopus appetizer. It's hard to say which I liked better..both were delicious.the octopus was perfectly cooked. We also ordered the rainbow trout with kale and loved it too. Everyone loved their meals. We will definitely go back.Food is always amazing here when wifey and I go for date night.  Small, quaint, and the owner give the right amount of personality when he welcomes you to eat.
I recommend everything on the menu.  It often slightly varies but the change is gradual.
I'll recommend the pork chop!Great new  byob restaurant in Northern Liberties. Amazing menu and great staff.  Small space and limited menu but very accommodating.  Highly recommend.What a fine surprise of a dining experience. Small BYO in Northern Liberties. A limited menu of appetizers and entrees but each uniquely prepared with taste tantalizing herbs and spices, enhanced by an accompaniment of greens. With the limited choices, everything is fresh and with something for everyone's taste, whether that be red meat, poultry, fish, seafood, or vegetarian. We shared two appetizers, octopus and falafel, each meeting our expectations for a tasty start to our meal, followed by a generous, thick pork chop that was juicy and very tasty. This small bistro with its open kitchen was so cozy that we were able to engage in friendly repartee with both the server and chef. Very friendly and attentive service by a knowledgeable server. The chef is quite talented. Highly recommended.What a gem of a find. We took our team to dinner to thank them and Jaxson was exactly the treat we were seeking. 
The service was spectacular with Tony (the owner) greeting us with smiles and warm welcome. 
The Octopus and Caesar salad were outstanding favorites amongst a really picky group. The gluten free and vegetarians loved the eggplant dish. The carnivores raved about the steak. Personally, I went with the wild Alaskan salmon and it was a meal I will never forget. Definitely will be my goto in this neighborhood.lovely atmosphere, food and interaction with the Chef ...Go!If you're in Philly you NEED to stop by!!! This is a small quaint restaurant with good ambiance,  great food and very nice staff. We happened to be in town from DC and bumped into this little gem. We didn't have reservations but the manager and waiters couldn't be more accommodating. Small wait for a table to be cleared (mind you we started at 7 ppl and fortunately ended up being 5ppl). Menu selection is short and on point. Our waiter recommended the gnocchi which were the special "off-menu" that particular night and we just loooved it! Liked the small plate selection which allowed us to try a few things and share. Recommendation: BYOB or wine... hehehe. We didn't because, of course, we just happened to get lucky to find this place but they have the cooler ready. Also if you want guaranteed seating, call ahead for reservation. Team Jaxon, keep up the nice work and lots of success to you!!!Came here on a Wednesday night with a group of friends. It wasn't too crowded and it had a great atmosphere. The owner himself came and served us explaining everything on the menu. Started off with some appetizers which were really good. The grilled octopus was super tender and the chicken liver mousse was made well. The seafood entrees were solid. We had scallops with cous cous and soft shell crab pasta. Both were crispy and crunchy on the outside and very juicy on the inside. We also ordered the duck breast which was a bit on the dry side and the braised lamb neck special which was very tender and not gamey.
Since the restaurant inside was little hot because they dont have air conditioning, the owner gave us 2 desserts on the house. 
It was overall a great experience and would come back here in the future. Ingredients were all very freshOk, so here's the deal. I went to college in Philly eons ago and the food was mediocre at best. So when I stumbled upon Jaxon by chance, I wished that we had more options like this in southern California. 
The place was packed at 5:30, which is surprising for a new restaurant. Good sign!
The food was fresh, tasty, and well-priced. My friend and I shared the grilled asparagus, she had the fettuccine, and I chowed the fried pork loin. 
Since I was coming in from the airport, I didn't byob, but Jaxon's warm and welcoming vibe made it all ok. 
Definitely get the insane warm brownie with fresh whipped cream and candied orange rind. Holy moly....A wonderful BYO in Nolibs. This is a restaurant I strongly recommend. The menu is described tableside by the waiter which is quite helpful, especially because they use some esoteric ingredients which work sooo well together. The octopus starter is tender and delicious. The Brussels sprouts are incredible when mixed with the peppers and bacon jam. I've had several entrees and have not been disappointed. The owner Tony is very personable. The atmosphere is warm and inviting. You don't want to miss this place!Knowledgeable, attentive staff. Unique menu. Delicious food. Highly highly recommend!!THE best BYOB in the city, I don't know if I can say enough good things about Jaxon. I have recommended Jaxon to countless people looking for dinner recs and of the half a dozen people that have gone they have all said it's one of, if not the best meal they've had in the city. Tony, the owner, does it all, answers phones, seats you, takes your order, clears your plates, and makes the experience unique. The chefs preparing your food only steps away from your table make the dining experience extremely unique and intimate, sometimes they even check on you to see how your food is. The variety of dishes on the small plate and large plate menu is fantastic, and they are always rolling out new things and specials change daily! 
Personal favorites: MAC AND CHEESE (just get it), pork chops (no matter how they are prepared they are always fantastic), any small plate on toast has always been fantastic (bread is from kettle black down the street, another local gem), and the lamb...good lord it was amazing. You really can't go wrong with anything on their menu and you will leave wanting to recommend this place to all of your friends. Don't know how this place hasn't blown up and reservations are still pretty easy to come by because they deserve all the big time success! Cheers!Great restaurant and dining experience.  We'll return for sure.  If the scallops are on the menu, get them.  BYOB, so be sure to bring vino!This is my favorite restaurant in Philadelphia & I go out to eat at least twice a week . The food is amazing it doesn't matter what you order ! The team there is so personable and they make sure every bite is enjoyable. Cozy & amazing are two words to describe Jaxons.***This is important*** JAXON BYOB is absolutely amazing. Of the amazing BYOBs there are in Philly, this place is at the very top. This little gem is bursting with everything you could appreciate about a well ran and established restaurant. For starters, we had the grilled octopus and the macaroni and cheese. The octopus was plated a subtle radish and Greek dip that complimented the dish perfectly. And the mac and cheese had the perfect combination of cheeses with each one of them making an appearance on the palate during each bite which I completely appreciated. Side note: Thinking I may tell my Aunt Mattie Ree that someone has finally beat her in the mac and cheese arena.
Next, we had the hanger steak and wild boar Bolognese. All I can say is OMFG! The preparation of both dishes was perfect, and these dishes sealed the deal that we would definitely be coming back for more. 
I'm generally not a desert guy, but for some reason the bread pudding spoke to me. Well, me and my #MCE pretty much gobbled it up as soon as it hit the table! 
Everything about this place exceeded our exspectations on every level. We will most definitely--without a shadow of doubt--be back for more.Newly obsessed with this place and a great addition to my neighborhood. It's quaint and small, no bells and whistles in terms of decor (however, it is minimally gorgeous), and the focus is on the food, which is divine. I've been twice in the last month. First time, I got the brussel sprouts (my boyfriend said they were the best he's ever had, and we eat a lot of brussel sprouts), and the mac n cheese (which was delicious), along with the salmon (the bessssst and I'm not a huge fish eater), the squid ink seafood pasta, and the pork chop. All very delicious and laid out beautifully. I went again last night with a foodie friend, and we shared the octopus (fab), the brussels (of course), and the tuna (new addition), and the lamb pasta (probably my favorite). When we arrived, we had the place to ourselves, and I couldn't believe it. If you haven't been here YOU NEED TO GO. Especially if you live in No Libs/Fishtown. It's also very worth a trip if you live in center city or south philly. BYOB that accepts credit cards. Honestly this place is perfect!O I can't even begin to explain, the service by this classy gentlemen Tony - outstanding. The food let me just say it's been a long time since I have eaten with great pleasure and satisfaction a dish by the name of Coulette  steak ! The flavors were just complemented one another allowing to enjoy my wine right along with it. I recommend this place to Antoine and everyone o by the way the dessert  I know sound like I'm going a little over board here with compliments but try it out for yourself especially if you big on trying out many and unique different foods!!! Cheers to Jaxxon BYOBEverything is amazing. Three of us came to visit and ordered every starter they had. The Mac and cheese was to die for. The octopus is a staple. In addition to ordering all the starters, we got the barramundi and the spaghetti with bolognese. Both were amazing. The fish was cooked perfectly. The chocolate pudding and chocolate cake with peanut butter mouse had us drooling. In addition to the incredible food, the staff and atmosphere was everything. The owner was our server and he was so pleasant and so attentive and personable. The cooks were fun and played awesome jams for us to listen to as they gave us a little playful show to go with it. I had an amazing time and can't wait to go back to try it out for brunch!!!Went last night for my friends birthday, and we had an amazing time! Such a cute place that is small and personal with quaint ambience.  All the food we had was delicious and the service was great!I walked in without a reservation on a Friday night at 6 pm, and we got seated right away, though I think next time (because I will definitely be back), I'll be safer by making a reservation.
The space is pretty intimate, and the owner took his time to get us settled, and explained the whole menu and, which rotates based on seasonality and availability. I love that they focus on sourcing as many local ingredients and leveraging goods from nearby local businesses like the Kettle Black. We had a gooseberry salad, spinach gnocchi, and the hanger steak dishes, and everything was fresh and delicious. We didn't plan on getting dessert, but given how amazing the food was, we opted for the chocolate cake with peanut butter mousse, and a coffee, which were both awesome. 
Overall, the entire experience was perfect - the staff was friendly, the quality of the food was high, and the ambiance was refined but relaxed. Will definitely be my go-to place for visitors and weekend dinners, and I'm looking forward to trying their brunch next!Where better to reunite with a childhood friend than a BYOB on a pleasant corner in one of Philly's fab neighborhoods? We dined al fresco and stayed late.
Sam and I shared two small plates and one entree, which were explained in harrowing detail by our server (there is no paper menu). 
The cacio e pepe was divine, not to mention seasonal with fresh corn and shaved zucchini.
The tomato and goat cheese salad was tiny for a whopping $14-- next time I would go with another app if I was planning on sharing.
The rainbow trout was a nice size, with crispy skin and a garlicky kale base. 
We decided to go to Dmitri's for dessert based on others' reviews of Jaxon's offerings-- can't deny their chocolate pot de creme.
Jaxon is a welcome addition to our BYO scene.Jaxon is not only a fantastic dining experience, I think it helps define the soul of modern Philadelphia cuisine.  It has all of the elements that define Philly.  The chef is daring to combine flavors and textures in unusual ways while all at the same time keeping the dishes not too refined, just exploding with flavor.  
Philly chefs at their best are fearless, expressive and willing to feature more vegetables than either classic continental cuisine or simple American comfort food.  Jaxon does this.  Modern Philly restaurants are casually, industrially decorated while offering friendly and also professional service.  Jaxon has this.  Add to this the fact that it is BYOB and it becomes a sublime experience.
We had 8 plates of food among 4 people, and the only ones that didn't blows away were still prepared perfectly and were tasty and good.  Let's start with those:  striped bass with chick pea, clam and chorizo.  It was only less exciting because it wasn't as original as the others but it was still very good.  Spaghetti with prawns, crab, parmesan.  Once again, not original but good.
The other 6 plates were dishes I would eat again and again.  Octopus grilled to perfection with a taramosalata that beats the Greeks.  Ricotta agnolotti with a fra diavolo that was one of the best I've ever had.  Brussels sprouts with that incredible bacon jam, yes, but since we had to have it on the side, the dish without it was still incredible too.  Pork cheeks, melt in your mouth with a cauliflower cassoulet?  Yeah.  Wow.  Pasta with lamb neck, sunchoke chips, amazing deep flavors and textures.  And finally, house made spaetzle with mushrooms, kohlrabi, etc.  Yeah, vegetarian and amazing.
The service was wonderful, the waiter noted our craft Vermont beers along with our wine and we talked about it.  The restaurant was not packed on a Friday, a couple open tables remained.  Come here, it isn't sold out months in advance.  But it could be.