It really is an Asian diner. The menu has lots of options that appealed to me, but my first visit I was in the mood for sushi. Salmon was good. The roll was more room temp than cold though, which I did not like. Spring rolls are nothing special but the pork gyoza were delicious. My friend's beef dish has great sauce on the beef but hardly any on the mountain of broccoli with it. She didn't like that. 
It's byo, there are some booths (make your reservation to snag one), they take cards, you can pay using levelUp if you wish. All around this was a good foodventure.i really do like this place.
the staff is incredibly nice! each and every time!
one thing i must say about it is that you aren't going to get the authentic version of any of the food, it being an asian fusion restaurant. doesn't mean it isn't worth going to!
i don't see crab rangoon too often so i was eager to try it. fairly delicious, with a good sweet chili sauce to pair it.
their rolls were pretty good as well. bigger than i had expected (which is always a good thing). the shrimp tempura rolls had a nice crunch to it. i'm a suckaaaaa for crunch.
their pad thai does not taste like authentic pad thai (lacks the peanutty flavour along with that bit of sweetness) but nonetheless, if ordered extra spicy, it's pretty darn good! i would go back for it. having worked at a very successful thai restaurant when i was living in chicago, i know what authentic thai food should taste like!
the star however was the dessert. creme brulee with a twist. the top layer was slightly frozen and piled with berries. picture is included in this review, how heavenly does that look?
their tea is served in the cutest little pot and cups ever. it's a great way to end the dinner. i had the spicy chai tea and i must say it was quite the drink.
before i forget, if you are around the area, grab their regular honey dew bubble tea. great thirst quencher and for the go!
affordable and pretty good food. score. try it!Massive fail on all fronts today when the kids and I stopped in for lunch. Except the service which was cheerful if completely without food service knowledge.
I live nearby, and although they have been open several years, have not tried their food. Something about the really third rate facade design turned me off. But the fam was hungry and we had limited time before choir practice so....
After negotiating the awkward non-ADA compliant lobby (which way does that door swing? Into the restaurant? Yikes, building inspector this is a new facility and in swing doors are disallowed for assembly space). Never mind, we are here for the food and some great food may be had in much worse facilities in Chinatown.
We were greeted forthwith by a cheerful young man and soon seated in a large booth---oops let me qualify that--the kids managed to negotiate their seat OK, but I slid forward on the cheap foam seat with the ripped vinyl and came up hard against the table. Note to restaurant owners: go for the legit booth with hard foam or better yet springs with a foam overlay. I spent the rest of my brief dining experience with my feet locked to the floor so as not to slide forward and hit the table edge as the cushion was actually sloped FORWARD instead of backward. Wow.
We quickly made a decision to order simple dishes as our time was limited. The kids each ordered wonton noodle soup and for some reason that escapes me now, I ordered summer rolls. Note to self: Never ever order raw food at a restaurant that has dirty torn seats, missing tile on the wall, and staff that is less than expert.
The noodle soup looked kinda normal, but after an initial taste then a follow up to confirm, my 11year old and I both reached the same conclusion: The broth was made with bullion cubes. You know, the kind you buy in the grocery store that has all the MSG and chemicals in it...yep, no real stock in this broth...
Next, with some trepidation as I was developing a sense of actual fear and dread about Ken Shin Asian Diner, I reached for a summer roll. No, correction---spring rolls were delivered to the table on a strangely elaborate bed of lettuce, looking tiny and brown and undersized. 
Our server cheerfully took them back and returned shortly with the correct order. This is where I went wrong and will regret my decision in due time. The roll tasted stale. So I was rude and did something I tell my kids not to do at the table--I examined it very closely and held it up to my nose for a good sniff. Yep, the contents smelled off --as if a cleaning fluid had been left in the Bain Marie where the lettuce was stored. Even icy cold, it had an odd off-taste. Alright, time to try the peanut sauce....maybe it will cover the bad lettuce...a dip and second taste and presto! The massive fail of our first and last visit to Ken Shin has been confirmed: the peanut sauce has peanut butter in it. This is confirmed by my peanut butter eating 11 year old foodie expert Alana.
I returned the dish--which I hardly ever do, finished the bland noodle soup with my two assistants, paid the check and headed  for choir practice, never to return.Great food, decent price.
My friends and I eat here then walk across the street to Finnigan's Wake.
I've eaten here probably four times.  I've never had the sushi.  Crab Rangoon, soups, and stinky tofu is very good.
young crowd, great wait staff, nice ambiance!I'll give this place the benefit of the doubt since it's new.  It's not meant to be a traditional chinese take out place nor is it meant to be a fancy sushi place.  "Asian diner" seems apropos.  My food was decent.  There are no good Chinese or Thai options in Northern Liberties so this is better than nothing.  The food could be a bit tastier.  I thought it was a bit bland.  The service was good.  I'm sure it will improve.  I am happy they are in the neighborhood.it's an ok place to get reasonably priced sushi and the food isn't bad but not really anything special. mu shu pork was not like any i've had before- different pancakes and a really different tasting sauce than other places. Wasn't bad but didn't love it either.I had a craving for shrimp fried rice after the gym, so I stopped into this place because it was close to my house and looked pretty clean from the outside. I ordered shrimp fried rice and shrimp rolls to-go and my expectations have been far exceeded! Large portions! Pure deliciousness! I will def be back! I'm so excited!Great delivery/takeout place; the General Tso's is really some of the best and cleanest tasting around. Everything else is quality: crab rangoons, sushi, bubble tea, etc.The pad thai tasted like chinese noodles with ketchup and a little pepper.  Plus side, was only 8$ but it doesn't taste anything like it should. I would still go back since I know a lot of fusion restaurants don't make good pad thai and it seems to be easy to find parking around there.Service was not that great, waitresses were in their sweats. I ordered wonton and kenshin beef.beef had no flavor. SpongeBob was on the tv.One of my favorite places to go when I'm hungry late at night in the city. Some of the best dumplings I've ever had. Favorite thing to get is the Singapore Shrimp. No complaints about the food here besides that they're frequently out of different types of hot tea on the menu. Very polite staff, always love going here.Had dinner here the other night again (I've patronized this place several times before) and always come away feeling satisfied. It's a sorta mix of Chinese and Japanese dishes, but while not very authentic I always found the food tasty, the service both friendly and quick, and the prices moderate. There are the odd Korean, Vietnamese and Thai dishes on the menu but I would advise anyone to just stick to Chinese or Japanese which they do best (the other cuisines are best left to restaurants that specialize in those regions.) They have great lunch specials - ranging from $6.99 to $10.99 and I will tell you the portions are very generous. Dinner can set you back from $20 to $30 or so, but you'll probably leave with a doggie bag and enough for another meal. Sometimes I opt for the Dinner Bento Box (from $15 to $18) which includes a few pieces of sushi and shrimp tempura as well as soup and salad and a teriyaki main course.I go here all the time! Amazing food! I love their miso soup, kenshin chicken (which is similar to sesame chicken) and chicken pad tai. Oh and the sushi is great too! A hidden gem in northern liberties and it's never too busy!THIS IS one of my FAVORITE restaurants in philly!!! something about the food is addicting!! I literally eat here probably once a week or more!! the service isn't amazing but the girls are all so sweet but the food is to dieee!! go before 3pm for a lunch discount!! OH and the chocolate pyramid desert is AMAZING!!!My fiance and i have been living in the area for over a year and we never ventured to ken shin.  We finally tried it after positive reviews from a co-worker.  This is a great go-to asian place that will fulfill all of your asian food cravings whether it is chinese or sushi.  Good and fast service.  Also, the foods are very modifiable- you can get light oil or sauce on the side which is a nice option.  Also tempura ice cream is great.  First time we ordered mango chicken and a beef dish.  Tuna tartar was on the small side but summer rolls made up for that.  We came a second time for sushi which was a little pricier than the chinese but not other complaints.  Definitely a staple in the neighborhood.Nice place to grab lunch in a hurry.  My food came out quick and the service was pleasant and attentive. My food had a nice flavor and, but could have used a little extra. However, for the price that I paid ($6.47) It got the job done. I work in the area and will probably be returning in the future.I am happy to report that this place has developed into a solid take-out option.  Food is good.  They'll make whatever you want.  It's consistent.  Great addition to the neighborhood.We wandered here on a cold night after the theater; we left warmed, well-treated, and full. Almost everything else is commentary, but what I will say is that Ken Shin offers a nice mix of Chinese, Japanese, and Thai cuisine, sufficient options for vegetarians, decent-sized portions (except sushi, but what can you do), and excellent prices and service. For example, we had to ask for water twice, and the waitress brought us dessert on the house (green tea and mango mochi) to apologize. When's the last time you got an apology for bad service in Philly? It's not the most imaginative menu, but the choice of hot food, sushi, and appetizers are ideal for a light, casual dinner. And the price doesn't hurt: 35$ for dinner for two.Very nice menu. A little bit for everyone's pocket book. U get a free bubble tea for posting.These guys rock. Very versatile menu and pretty much everything is at least very good. My go-to spot in Northern Liberties. Singapore mei fun noodles are great!best asian cuisine in the city of philly!!!!!I've got a cheap Chinese food place and an expensive one.  This is the latter.  Mostly worth it when getting sushi delivered.  My roommates and I always order a ton.  We go with Vietnamese Spring Roll, spicy tuna roll, yakitori deluxe, general tsos chicken, and summer roll usually with the free crab Rangoon.  For the record my cheap go-to is Wok and Roast.We ordered Pad Thai, which turned out to be beef lo mein, garlic noodles, which apparently just means spaghetti with peppers and no sauce, ken shin wings which are just boring, breaded chicken wings... waste of money. I was very disappointed. I will not order from them again.I did the Yelp check-in bubble tea deal - buy one get one free. For about $3 I got two bubble teas, and they were delicious. I haven't tried the food, but I appreciate such a great deal for my first visit. I will definitely be coming back, and I would love to try some actual food.This place sucks. I asked for hot sauce to come with the meal at least 5 times. They didn't include it. Our group is mixed and some don't like spicy while others don't like bland. The food was bland. I'm so disappointed. I called to let them know right away and the employee said he could see if the driver would bring some back. This person acted like it was a real inconvenience and I wans't sure if the hot sauce was in tamper-proof packaging so I just said whatever.
I do not recommend.Had a luscious late breakfast on Saturday. Sushi Sampler, Kani Salad, Kimchi, Shrimp & Asparagus w. XO Sauce, and KenShin Tofu were all on point and came to $54 with tea and coffee. Stoked on the quality of fish. Plates looked great. Menu is vast. Looking forward to exploring it further.Overall, a good place to satisfy a crowd of varying palates. I went for  sushi, while my companions who are unfamiliar with Asian food, went for the "safer" kung pao chicken and fried rice. Everyone was satisfied with their choices. The sushi is slightly above average, and the prices are just ok ($6 for spicy tuna, $5 california roll). Not a high end sushi spot, but good for take out. I believe they deliver as well.I've eaten in here and ordered take-out a few times. The staff is friendly and the food is "A-ok". It is not fantastic food but it is reasonable priced and not overly greasy.Very good good. It's quick, so you can order and pick up and take out during your lunch break. I liked the pad Thai and the sushi!I usually end up here when I need a quick fix and they never disappoint. My favorites are the pineapple fried rice and the Crab Rangoon. The pineapple fried rice is so delicious, the combination of the citrus and herbs are amazing. I have had the shrimp shumai, veggie pad thai and they were both tasty. The staff is very pleasant. I am sure that I will explore some other options and I am counting on being just as satisfied as I have in the past.Bomb! I could eat here everyday & stay healthy' the crab lump fried rice! Amazing.So I'm kind of a sushi fanatic - I lived in Chinatown for 2 years, and have been to just about every sushi place in center city, but still Ken Shin is at the top of my list (at least for delivery). Especially now that I'm in Fishtown, this is by far the closest and best sushi around. Their fish is always incredibly fresh - I particularly recommend the White Tiger roll (if you like spicy tuna). I am also addicted to their summer rolls (not sushi) - one of their appetizers, you get two, it's like a  rice paper wrap filled with shrimp and lettuce, with a peanut dipping sauce - it's crunchy, chewy deliciousness.
The only reason I'm giving them 4 instead of 5 stars is because the prices are higher than some of the places in CC (rolls are like $1 more than usual), they have a high delivery minimum ($20), and they have a limited selection of fish, mostly the basics (salmon, eel, shrimp, tuna, etc., but no yellowtail). I'm pretty sure the delivery guy is going to start judging me, if he already hasn't, because despite the price, the quality has definitely turned me into a regular.Living in No Libs it is hard to find a decent Chinese food place.  As much as I love Koi and Hikari, I am not always in the mood for sushi.  I am a hungry girl.  So, I was excited for the opening of Ken Shin to say the least but also hesitant to dine there during the grand opening week. 
While I was not expecting rave reviews by Craig LaBan, I was surprised by the unfavorable reviews it did get.  I finally went there last week with my roommate expecting the worst.  However, it really was not THAT bad.  We ordered the crab rangoons and spring rolls which were tasty and I would definitely order for takeout.  For our meals, I got the chicken pho as it was a rainy day and my body was asking for warm soup.  My roomie got the Mongolian beef which he inhaled so I understood that as pure enjoyment.  Taste wise, the pho was good.  The broth was not too salty and the noodles were just plain fun to slurp.  The chicken was cut into nice big pieces.
Overall, the meal was good and filling.  Our bill was fairly cheap, maybe $30 which was shocking but then I realized we had no booze so it was a pleasant surprise.  Ken Shin is a place I would return to on a Tuesday night for dinner or order in when I do not feel like moving.As a newbie to Philadelphia, I have been searching for a staple "Chinese" place where I can get something like Shrimp and Brocolli and know I am going to like it.  For the most part, every place I tried was g-r-o-s-s.  Shrimp would always taste freezer burned and dirty.
Then my hairdresser recommended Ken Shin.  One thing I can say about this place is everything tastes fresh.  I have had one roll just for the convenience, but I wasn't really looking for a sushi restaurant.  I wanted to find a place where I could swing by, pick up some take out, and not feel gross.
And the ONLY place I have found is Ken Shin.  Two enthusiastic thumbs up.Old review overdue. I like that this place has street parking that was easy for me. That was the only reason I went. Food was okay & a little creative since it is Chinese and Japanese combination, which I can do tummy wise. I kind of want to go back and try more. I forgot I even came here until I saw it on Yelp.My co worker recommended Kenshin for Vegetable Mei Fun. I have to admit, I never tried Mei fun before in my life but when I tasted it. I would not stop eating until I saw the bottom of my bowl. 
Noddles, Bean sprouts, scrabbled eggs, broccoli, Carrots, Sweet peppers and a hint of deliciousness; 
I just had to get more the next day. 
It came in a black 24oz round choice bowl, with extra duck sauce and soy to add. if you pick up,  you can take as much fortune cookies as you wish. 
They gave me a heavy duty brown bag wrapped in a white plastic bag, stapled and ready to go. 
Don't know if it's the best there is. 
I have no complaints as far as take out goes.Not exactly what it use to be. I use to go here often with co-workers when working on Spring Garden and it was delicious! It was also a really cute spot. Now, coming back after a year or so, the place seems a bit run down and the food isn't quite the same. Not as flavorful as I remember, but it is still good.
 I normally go for the Ken Shin chicken (awesome choice bc it's basically all white meat) or the Pad Thai (which is excellent, but don't expect actual pad thai taste. The sauce is red, which normally pad thai should be a light brown color.)  My husband ordered the Kalbi beef which tends to be a bit too fatty, so unless you like chewing on lard, go for something else. He tends to keep forgetting that they mostly give fatty pieces and then ends up throwing half his meal away.
Drinks there are made from the powder stuff, but is actually really good which surprised me. I will be back, but not as often as I use to go.Went with my boyfriend here a few days ago. Been looking forever for a good Asian soup place in the city, very bummed to have not found this sooner. Food is great! Portions are generous and prices are good. Worth a visit for sure.I ordered from Ken Shin tonight for a friend and myself. We got the Bulgogi, Tempura Shrimp and Veggies, Seaweed Salad, Summer Rolls, and Crab Rangoon. I was extremely impressed with the crab rangoon, they were amazing. The seaweed salad is also good. The summer Rolls themselves were quite good, I wish they came with more sauce. The Bulgogi is not what I was expecting. Having had it a number of times elsewhere, I was expecting a sweet bbq beef. What I got was reminiscent of Mongolian Beef, with peppers and onions. the big disappointment was the Veggie Tempura. It was tasteless and soggy. I had to douse it in duck sauce to make it edible. I will def order from here again but not the tempura.Came here on a lunch date for sushi when we didn't feel like walking far and wanted a decently priced place.
Overall the food was good. My friend said the miso soup was too salty and I didn't like the ginger dressing on my salad. I have had better, but his bento box and my spicy tuna rolls were good and made up for the poor soup and salad. I will just keep in mind to skip those next time and stick to the main events.
The atmosphere was relaxing and the staff was nice. For times when I don't feel like going far for sushi and other Asian food, I will for sure come back.The first time I went there I saw Korean on the menu but stayed away as I am always disappointed at every non-Korean restaurant I decide to go for it.  This time around i was in the mood for Korean and decided, why not.  I got the Kalbi Grilled Box and was pleasantly surprised at how authentic it tasted.  It wasn't mom's kalbi, but it was close enough to satisfy.  
I've only been here twice now, but everything seems great.  The staff is very attentive and the service is great.  This place is slowly becoming a local favorite for me.  Definitely going back again.Mongolian Beef should really be called Scallion Onion w/ a garnish of beef. The dish was quite tasty but... where's the beef?!Wow, I have to say that things really improved a lot since the last time I was there. The food tastes a lot better and the service has step-up a notch.  This time around the same wonton soup, it tasted authentic, flavorful, more like homemade which I am really digging. For my app, I've chosen the spider roll, and I have to say, they can do better. The crab was not as crunchy compared to a lot of other sushi restaurant I've been to. I think if they can use a torch to crisp it up a bit; it would taste a lot better. For my main course, I order the black pepper beef ribs, and OMG I have to say it was GOOD! The sauce they used on the rib gave it so much wonderful flavor that I laterally wanted to cry. Next time I eat there I'm going to ask for a recipe. All in all, I give this restaurant an A this time around.Love lunch  bento boxes for lunch!
Quality and quantity are excellent! My favorite is the salmon teriyaki that I get with three lovely pieces of sushi white rice steamed cabbage and a lovely pot of hot tea. I've been coming here for five years and the quality is remarkably consistent. The atmosphere is very quiet and relaxed, great for getting away for an hour of peace during hectic workday.I really enjoyed Ken Shin. The bento box was great. I would steer clear of the Pad Thai though; it was a little tart for my taste.this a go-to can't decide dinner night for my boyfriend and i... it's light and cheap.
the ginger salad is like $3 or $4 and its huge and delicious. they have some crazy sushi rolls that are a bit pricey but there are plenty of other options if you don't want to splurge.
the hot dishes are great! the shrimp is even good! everything seems very fresh.
the staff is very friendly. and they have frozen bubble tea! & the coconut sorbet is to die for. i crave that stuff some nights.Meat-eaters, take your vegetarians here! Yummy Asian foods, some with a twist. Overall I can't complain much... Service was great, establisment was clean and cute, prices fair, most importantly the food was decent. 
I was told to visit by some friends who work in the nearby area. They swear by the wonton soup. It was very different that the traditional wonton that I am used to. KenShin's is chicken based (as opposed to pork) with mini zesty thin, shrimp filled wontons and long rice noodles. There was also a packet of hot sauce to add for spice. Overall it wasn't bad, but I would have been happier with more wontons as there were only 4. The broth did taste homemade, so kudos there!
The sushi seems fairly priced, not bad quality. However, it seemed small. Maybe I am just spoiled but I like my sushi to be larger than bite-size/dime-size.
**What keeps this review at 4 stars is the Mongolian tofu dish. They made tofu taste like real meat! We went decided to share this and the sweet and sour chicken (KenShin chicken), while the chicken was pretty good (I was tempted to drink the sauce) the tofu was phenomenally flavorful and even the veggies were delish. This can rarely be said.***Service was excellent, but we were also one of three tables total.
The menu was extensive and covered so many different types of cuinsine.  Every have an issue agreeing on Thai or Japanese?  Chinese or Korean?  This place will solve that problem.
Bonus:  portions were HUGE for the price!  Splitting an entree will still leave you satisfied.Was very good food and moderately priced. Felt a little weird because there was no one else at the restaurant, which makes anyone wander why. Good food and felt fine after. Wish it was closer to where I live and I would frequent it more often.One of my new favorite place to eat. Crab rangoon is AMAZING! Love it here!!!!I've been here twice! And I love it! This is my hidden gem for good Asian cuisine! Love the Pad Thai & Garlic Noodles! Fulfilling portions, and great prices! The spot is small but it has never been crowded when I was there. 
FYI : Must try the bubble tea frozen! It a unique drink and very tasty. Almost like a slushy but has a treat at the bottom of your glass! Check-In and you may get a deal!So I have a love-hate relationship with Ken Shin.  I keep coming back for the Bubble Tea and the Udon.  The sushi is overpriced for what it is.  The decor has potential, but is unfinished and messy.  The servers are awesome though, and I've never had bad food here.  It's so close that I end up coming here more than I would like to admit.Please do not bother. Your food will not be done timely. Prices are constantly changing for no apparent reason. Service is sketchy. Orders will be mixed up to no avail. When this place opened, it was great. Slowly but surely, portions got smaller, specials were cut, quality diminished. Ken Shin, oh how ye has fallen from grace. Shape up, stop trying to get over on people and run that place like I know you can!!!!Call me a snob, but I was very wary of Ken Shin at first.  An Asian diner on the corner of Spring Garden?  i avoided going in for the first year I lived in Northern Liberties...but then a friend dragged me inside.  I was blown away!  It's surprising nice with a huge menu that spans every Asian food you could ever dream of (ramen soups, sushi, Pad Thai, General Tso's chicken, and so on).  All at incredibly decent prices.  Everything I've tried has been fresh and delicious.  They also have great lunch specials during the week.My first time ordering from here. The lunch specials are a great deal, you get so much food for the price! Some other stuff on the menu seemed pricey, but have yet to try them so can't say if it was worth it or not. I was a little disappointed that I had to spend $20 minimum for delivery, but I took it as an opportunity to try a few different things . The chicken teriyaki lunch was delicious, full of flavor. I also ordered Spring rolls, which were very crunchy and tasty. I didn't care for the crab rangoon, which was disappointing. However the lunch meal was worth it, and the Mango Bubble Tea hit the spot! I would definitely order from here again! It actually came earlier than anticipated, which was nice. Delivery guy was very friendly!I love the food, great portions, great price, awesome staff, my favorite flavored flavored bubble tea is Watermelon  great spot to relax with friends and family.Service was not that great. It's a Chinese restaurant serving other type of Asian dishes. The thai dishes they had were horrible the pad thai was nothing like traditional. You would think the traditional Chinese dishes were at least good. But they weren't.. will never eat here againHuge Fan! 
Really enjoyed the garlic noodles with shrimp! Wonton soup was excellent. 
Food is consistently fresh and great prices. 
Are delivery arrived fast and delicious! The delivery guy was also super nice.
It was even good next day and I hate left overs.Really good variety of food and consistent quality.I was hoping for a decent cheap lunch spot but this turned out to be a "get what you pay for" situation. The $6 pho was pretty bad. When I pulled it out of the bag and saw the broth was nearly clear, I sighed in disappointment. I dumped all of the little container of hot sauce in it, kept the chicken out of it because it looked scary (boiled little strips? not really sure what was going on there), and my lunch became severely overcooked rice noodles submerged in watery hot sauce.Love Ken's bento boxes for lunch!
Quality and quantity are excellent! My favorite is the salmon teriyaki that I get with three lovely pieces of sushi white rice steamed cabbage and a lovely pot of hot tea. I've been coming here for five years and the quality is remarkably consistent. The atmosphere is very quiet and relaxed, great for getting away for an hour of peace during hectic workday.this is my favorite place to order sushi from in the city. They always deliver so quickly, and have exceptional customer service. I HIGHLY recommend the spicy tuna roll and the tiger roll.I've been here a few times and I'm always consistently pleased with whatever I order.  I've had the sushi, Singapore Mei Fun, and Pineapple Fried Rice -- all excellent.  The atmosphere is very nice and it's never too loud or too busy.  I always have a good experience whenever I come.  I'd recommend this to anyone in Philadelphia and, particularly so for those that are in Northern Liberties.  It's a great staple restaurant to add into the mix.Everyone has a hard day once in awhile and you don't want to do anything but veg in your pajamas and order delivery. 
If you live in a mid-rise condo this means you need to give specific instructions and a code to access the intercom to give the delivery person access. This has worked very well with every place I've ordered delivery from except Ken Shin. I've ordered delivery from Ken Shin over a half of dozen times and EVERY time the delivery person won't deliver to the front door of my unit. I have to get out of my PJ's walk to the opposite side of the building to the elevator (I live on the top floor) then go back to the other side of the building where the main door is and then do it all in reverse to get back up. I always pre-tip a minimum of 20% to the driver for the effort. 
This time my frustration was at a boiling point and I called the person who identified himself as the manager (Marco) and made him aware of this ongoing problem. Unfortunately he seemed as interested in my situation as a Wallmart employee. 
The food at Ken Shin is decent but you've got to back it up with good service.VERY IMPRESSED!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! it must be hard to master multiple specialties from different countries. and how rare is it to get GOOD Vietnamese and Japanese in one place!!!!!! the sushi was top notch. and the pho WAS THE BEST I HAVE HAD. fresh ingredients made the difference. i was so impressed i expected to see a yelp sticker on the door. but i dont doubt that will come soon.This was my first time having raw sushi. It was delicious. I will definitely be returning. The tea i had was tasty. for the appetizer we ordered fried calamari. Some of the best I've had. It was crunchy, light, and crispy served on a bed of spring mix (I think.) We tried an alaska roll and california roll. We went on a Monday night and we had the entire place to ourselves. The staff was nice and answered our questions. Just upset that they ran out of any desserts I had wanted to try. Just go.Great food! Good mix of all sorts of Asian cuisine. Dock one star because they had construction which was really loud. But otherwise greatFood is great, it's a lil pricey but when u want quality u gotta pay for it. My favs are the thai pineapple fried rice and their bento box lunch specials. Sushi is fresh and delicious also and I love their bubble tea! 
I thought the summer rolls could use more meat in them and the salads need a better dressing ..something other than that nasty ginger dressing. All in all..I visit Ken shin at least once a wk for something small fr jus a bubble tea to an entire dinner meal :)Just order take out 
The chicken pho and the summer rolls are amazing....simply divine! I always order on he Yelp app and it's always ready in time for pick up within 10 mins. So if you're on a lunch break and need a quick lunch...this is your spotI eat a lot of sushi. And while this isn't the highest grade fish in the city (or even the neighborhood) it still is good. I always get spicy tuna and fresh rolls. Totally delicious. 
The servers are so friendly and always on top of it whenever I've been there (which is probably about 4 or 5 times since it opened). 
Also - they make amazing fresh avocado boba tea. Totally delicious. That alone is worth the trip.
Again - I think that the grade of fish might not be up to some of the other places in the city, but the servers are fantastic, the place is spacious so you don't feel like you're sitting on top of everyone else in the restaurant and the pricing is decent.This review is for sushi only.
I was craving sushi last night so I called Ken Shin and got the Rainbow Sushi Platter.  I started w/ the ginger salad (included) which was three pieces of lettuce, a slice of carrot + tomato completely drenched in a tasty ginger dressing.
The platter was totally bland and for $20, you're way better off getting your sushi @ Whole Foods.
The rest of their menu looked interesting, I'd like to give it a try in the near future.AWFUL!! Do not waste your time or money. I wish I could give 0 stars instead of one.
-My food was served 15 minutes after everyone else at my table.
-Price were high for the quality.
- A large number of menu items were not available "Coming Soon".
-Water not refilled
-Now 3 hour later I feel very very sick.
-The list goes on...Me and my girlfriend go here twice a month since it is in walking distance of our apartment. The sushi is good and priced very reasonably. The wonton noodle soup for 6 dollars is extremely filling and also good. I would also recommend the kenshin chicken and kenshin beef and the singapore mei fun.  Above average asian food and reasonably priced!Crab ragoon is AMAZING!  The pho was good but very basic. Nice presentation though. Check in and get a BOGO bubble tea coupon. The cafe mocha and mango bubble tea are great  There's also easy parking out front. The service was a bit slow even though there was only one other table. I'll most likely order take-out next time.The food was good and the bubble tea was great but the service was severely lacking. I had to ask to order, ask for hot sauce. I waited 20 minutes for a take out container and the check. Not once did anyone come and check on me or ask if I wanted/needed anything. The crazy part is I was the only person in the restaurant for the majority of the time I was there!I did the Yelp check-in bubble tea deal - buy one get one free. For about $3 I got two bubble teas, and they were delicious. I haven't tried the food, but I appreciate such a great deal for my first visit. I will definitely be coming back, and I would love to try some actual food.
UPDATE: I had lunch the other day. Spectacular sushi! I love the sushi, the lunch maki combo deal, and the amazing spicy mayo sauce. I am going to back again and again and again.I love the food here. Crab rangoon is def good stuff! I also love the bubble tea. I usually get Taro, but I want to try new flavors so I will be going back. The service is nice, the people are friendly and courteous. Great nice little place.Crab rangoons with their plum dipping sauce was delicious. Only thing that would have made them better is if they had actual crab meat and not the fake crab but you can't beat it when they were only $3.5 for 6 of them.  The Spider/TNT/shrimp tempura roll were also affordable and pretty delicious. I wasn't a fan of the korean bbq chicken but my boyfriend was. Also enjoyed the green tea bubble tea as a light dessert. All around great meal because of the fast service and quality of food. They had so many different types of food, (i.e. pad thai, pho, sushi, lo mein, etc.),  it really is an asian diner.I've been here a couple times, but I'm not sure why. I always leave dissatisfied. I go back expecting something more, but it never delivers. The food is just OK, the hot tea is something like $3.50, which is ridiculous; it comes in a fancy schmancy cast iron tea pot, but only really holds about a cup and a half of tea. The tea itself tastes fine, but it's nothing to rave about. 
One thing I do like here is the crab rangoon; it is quite good (and also hard to mess up). They also have a milkshakes made with vietnamese iced coffee. GREAT concept. Poor execution. You couldn't really taste the coffee. :(
One drink worth your money is the cafe mocha bubble tea (minus the bubbles because I dislike tapioca). It is fricken fantastic. Get it on your way out though because it is much like a dessert, and there is no Asian food in the world that it would compliment.
*Caution: DO NOT get anything tempura, it's supersaturated in oil. Bleh.
On the plus side... the waitresses are friendly, and place itself if cute, and the entree prices are reasonable.I went for lunch in for lunch on a Saturday, when they were pretty much empty (one other table).  The waiter came fairly quickly to take our order.  Unfortunately this was the last thing that happened quickly.
When our food did begin to arrive there was no discernible order to its arrival, either by prep time or the desired order of consumption.  Also, the preparation of some items left much to be desired (particularly the miso soup, which was lukewarm and not very appetizing).  When the rolls arrived almost an hour after we ordered, they were good, but by that point my frustration level made it impossible for me to enjoy them.  
Overall, the service leaves a lot to be desired, but the food was palatable with a couple of notable exceptions.  I probably won't be back since there are other options in the city that I have had better experiences with.