The food is probably one of the more mediocre Chinese food I've had, but the main appeal of this place is renting a karaoke room for a large group of people and BYOing. The restaurant is exceptionally capable of dealing with huge and rowdy groups, and the food comes out to be a decent price and comes out quickly. The karaoke machines all have pretty up to date songs in a variety of languages.Great spot for big groups! Order at least $400 dollars worth of food in the large 3rd floor karaoke room and get the room for free (for 3 hours). The karaoke machine is fairly up to date, plus they have the actual music videos. Food is good as well! 
Went on a Friday from 8-11 for a friend's birthday. We had probably 40 people in the room and we fit pretty comfortably. You have to order for the whole group (and they'll bring out the same dishes to each table) but so much food comes out and it's all pretty good so there shouldn't be an issue where someone has nothing they want to/can eat. The food is pretty standard for Chinatown in terms of taste and options, but if you're not sure what to get some popular dishes are: walnut shrimp, salt baked squid, steamed pot fish, and any veggie dish. Just get whatever you want, it'll all be good.
*They're also really nice in dealing with drunken/rowdy groups, so this is where large groups go to get smashed.Been coming here for years and love it. The owner Ken is a riot and always fun to hang around with. Food is good as usual and they serve a good late night crown. A lot of the seafood is fresh, as you can see them fetching it from the live tanks after you order!  Overall, great place. Perfect for parties and get togethers!Went there last New Years Eve with my co-workers. Real quick review.. it's the same Chinese restaurant in Chinatown. I don't really feel wow-ed or disappointed by it. We ordered bunch of stuffs and ate it together as a group. No personal experience whatsoever. Thus the A-OK rating so far.
But we did have a good time there -even though I believe that it's partly because of the influence from one of my friend's wife; she spoke Chinese fluently.. so it made things easier haha.
The food arrived very late though. We were feed peanuts for close to one hour - and for a moment I almost believed that we were either monkeys or elephants.Everything about this place was amazing!!! The owner the food...If you do not come here you are missing out!! This is a must go to restaurant for fresh seafood and great company!I gave this restaurant 5 stars 3 years ago. Since then I have had several dinners and parties there and recommend them to multiple friends. But after the second horrible experience there I have to speak out. (Last year I was racially profiled. The waitress would not let us in and asked me if I was able to pay the restaurant minimum. Her attitude changed immediately after my Chinese husband showed up.) I let the first incident slide but this one sent me through the roof. I just helped my friend's family plan a 40th birthday party for her and the night manager was one of the rudest people I've ever met. Let me preface that my husband and his family know him from many years of working in Chinatown and we've always helped support his business. To make a long story short: I booked a birthday party for 7:00. The family came early to set up, as he said it was allowed. At 6:30 he came in yelling that we have to leave at 9:00 because he has someone coming in and we can't stay there all night. I reminded him that we have a 7:00 reservation and that we spoke several times to confirm and he said "So what I don't care, it doesn't matter be out by 9." He was yelling at me across the restaurant. He was so unprofessional and hurtful, especially since we've always supported this business. At 8:55 he came in and said we could stay longer, but I couldn't even look at him and everyone was ready to leave anyway. His verbal abuse practically ruined my night. I love the food and the karaoke room, but tonight was my last visit there. I STRONGLY recommend another restaurant. There are so many other restaurants that will give you the Chinatown experience and not treat you and your guests like crap. So, so, disappointed!They Have authentic Chinese and sea food, and karaoke rooms upstairs.
This meal consisted of Two lobsters for $19.95. 
Walnut shrimp, and salt baked scallops and squid.If I could give this place zero stars I would.  That is how bad this restaurant was. The service was HORRIBLE. I had made reservations the day before and was promised a room. We got there and sat for over an hour. We would have left but it was late and we were out for a friend's birthday. The food was ok but everything was way too salty. To top off our fabulous night the owner, Ken, kept coming into our room and pretty much was trying to flirt and hug everyone. He was very drunk and incoherent. Please go with  men if you do want to eat here. Oh and the place needs to be cleaned up because it was very dirty especially the bathroom.This is a great late night spot for some drunk food! We got the fried dumplings, pan fried seafood noodles, salt&pepper squid, and clams with black bean sauce. All of the dishes were flavorful and I would order them again.Good place for karaoke, but food was slightly substandard - often cold/reheated. It really is a seafood restaurant so don't expect tremendous results from the other options.As if I did not learn my lesson the first time, I went with my friends tonight. We had 8 people and ordered 80~90 dollars of food. Everything was still horrible and the microphones failed again! The bill they gave us had no prices next to the dishes. The only price we saw on the bill was a $180 smack in the middle. They said it was $150 minimum charge and they tacked on 20% tips to it when they did not deserve one penny. They could have told us the minimum charge at the beginning and tell us we should order more to reach $150, but they decided not to. They didn't say anything, they didn't allow us to get anything else too. They made us pay TWICE the amount we should have paid. They were so rude after we paid the bill. They literally rushed us right out of the room by shutting off the karaoke machine and pushing the chairs in. They promised us the room from 4:30 til 7:30, but kicked us out at 7:00 after we paid. The waitress who said 7:30 at the beginning was arguing with us when we asked her about it. She kept saying she knows what she said and that she said 7:00, but every single one of us knew she said 7:30 at the beginning. That was the end of the night.... Getting kicked out of a restaurant after getting charge twice the amount we ordered and arguing with the waitress for a half an hour of karaoke.I was looking for some place to eat in Chinatown.  I asked a few people, but no responses.  When it dawned on me that they thought I was asking for spare change!  I thought that was amusing since I buy donuts at federal donuts on a credit card .  "See my previous review".  Anyway, I finally decided to go to Ken's Seafood Restaurant.  I walked in the door and to my left was a fish tank in the window.  I realize this is strange, but I ordered chicken and broccoli with black bean sauce.  They don't have this dish listed on the menu "which make sense hence the name Ken's Seafood", anyhow they were willing to make my special order.  Decided to take it out instead of sitting in.  So I waited while they prepared the food.  While waiting I noticed they had a TV, and an upstairs area with karaoke.  As I waited two patrons came in and ordered lobster which they took fresh from the tank!  I thought that was cool and made a mental note to come back and try the lobster.  Got my the food home and it was delicious!  The sauce tasted fresh.  There were pieces of black bean as well as fresh ginger.  Not only was it good when I got home, it was just as delicious the next day.  Looking forward to going back again.  Next time I won't have to ask around Chinatown: "Can you tell me a good place to go?"This place doesn't even deserve 1 star!!  Disgraceful Establishment!!
I am sickened by the actions of the owner.  He lost a lot of potential customers for sure. 
Food was not at all how it tasted when we went for tasting prior to booking our party.  Everything was said to be bigger "party portions".  We had regular dinner plates.  I could have saved about 700$ (literally) by ordering each entree separately for my 4 tables.  
His staff was not welcoming what so ever. What do you expect when they have a douche bag of an owner. 
The best part is, the owner never mentioned anything about a 3 hour limit and decided he was going to KICK us out after 3 hours. (really because he overbooked) He even had the members of the other party come up and try to talk to us... ??... Seriously, how unprofessional?!! It is not our problem, you overbooked and were too drunk to mention any regulations what so ever.  We told him to call the police and he refused, probably because there was all types of illegal activities going on within the establishment.  
We continued to stand our ground & tried to negotiate with him as he decided he wanted to join our party and try to grope the pretty girls.  He wasn't getting the time of day so he decided he was going to STEAL A BOTTLE OF GREY GOOSE.   Yes!!!!!  STOLE the FULL BOTTLE out of our cooler as my mother watched.  Almost tried to deny it when confronted but was too drunk to be quick enough about it so he gave in and had the tender behind the register give it back, while all the workers called him an idiot in front of us. 
He overcharged and underserved!  A complete disgrace this was!  The owner was a true scumbag!  What a way to ruin someone's milestone birthday, Thanks for NOTHING! 
Karma will return at its finest to you Ken. 
For fellow patrons, Do yourself a favor, save your money and go ANYWHERE ELSE!Had an amazing party at Kens! Took care of us and the karaoke system was top notch with current songs!In my one experience here, this place overbooked on reservations so there were two other parties besides ours waiting for the same room. When we got there, the manager told us that they had too many reservations, so when I complained he finally gave in and gave us the room, but at the expense of his other guests. 
The manager was extremely rude when we left, and I advise those who go here to check out other places.Yummy cantonese food... must do family style to get the most variety!  Came here last weekend with a group.  Seafood soup, mayo walnut shrimp, peking pork chops, braised short ribs, salt&pepper seafood... all good.  You can reserve rooms upstairs to have dinner included with karaoke.  Best state of the art karaoke machine I've seen anywhere in chinatown with touch screens and includes newer recent music.  We were there for a few hours but eventually got kicked out for being there too long and not spending enough money on drinks... understandable, since we were karaokeing for free with dinner.Decent food with private karaoke rooms upstairs.  The dishes were solid save for the fried chicken, which was definitely sinewy and subpar.  The fried rice with minced dried shrimp was very good, as was the shrimp toast.  Actually, the shrimp toast was amazing with the lightest, crispiest shell!  Portions are pretty generous, as well, except for perhaps the fried jumbo shrimp in a honey walnut cream sauce.  Service is pretty good and the owner is very friendly.  A decent option for dinner and karaoke with a group.I've had clams with black bean sauce and eggplant stuffed with shrimp during two visits.  Both were tasty but not spectacular. Both under $13. The variety of seafood on the menu is impressive.  
During my first visit at 7 on a Friday, they were nearly empty.  But after 2 AM on a weeknight they were packed with a raucous after hours crowd of well-lubricated young Asians. Despite the crowd, service was fast and courteous.   The atmosphere was out-of-the-world awesome.   Compared to the equally crowded, larger David's Mai Lai Wah across the street the crowd in Ken's was decidedly more Chinese although I was surprised how many were speaking English, not Mandarin.  After hours, this is my new favorite place in the whole city!Food is pretty good and I always have a good time when I come here. I love the karaoke they have upstairs and the drinks are usually real strong too. I guess it also helps that I know the owner and my bff is a waiter here lolSuper updated Karaoke system, delicious food, a big fun party in a private room so you can be crazy and dance and have fun - hours of fun that came out to $25 a person (with loooots of food left over!)  Yep, I love this place.  The food is far better than Yakitori boy so if you are looking for a karaoke room and want to pay for food instead of hourly, this comes out to the same price or cheaper.  Yeahh~~ Can't wait to go back!!Add the BYOB and how accommodating they were to supply ice it I say I'll add a star.Great for the private karaoke party rooms. One of a few restaurants with karaoke that actually has up to date songs. You just have to make sure you get there early. However food quality can be better.Private room available with big round tables seating 10-12 people. If you spent $100 per table you get karaoke free for 3 hoursIf I could give this place a zero star I would!!! We called a week ahead to make reservation for a surprise birthday. He told us to call back again next week. We did so he reserve us a room and told us to call back the next day to confirm it. We called the next day and he's telling me there's no reservation under my name! He told me "this is business what do you want me to do?!" He could've called me and told me all this! So rude !!!!!!Ken's is legit.
Do order: dumplings, crispy chicken, salt and pepper squid, peking pork chops.  
Plus they stay open super late, just don't be surprised if people are smoking inside. Another warning- Ken pours a stiff drink.The food is only so-so, but they have many floors. The top floors have the party rooms with karaoke, which is great for parties and huge gatherings. They allow us to bring our own alcohol, so we can keep the cost low. We like to come here for birthday dinners and invite 30 people to take up the room. They even give us a mahjong table for those that come earlier to play. It's convenient and the lobster was HUGE. I do think it's interesting that for a seafood restaurant, the fried chicken was amazingly juicy and savory. For $35/person, we got a 8 course meal in a karaoke room all to ourselves for about 4 hours.I love Ken's! They are so accommodating and the service is great! We love the food! Fresh and authentic dishes. Their karaoke rooms are fun. You can bring your children and they can go crazy on the mic in a contained area. They don't have the nicest decor and it's pretty much no frills, but the fun is big! Great for birthday parties and get togethers. Trust me, you won't be disappointed!I love this place. They have great food and private karaoke rooms upstairs to hang out. My favorite dishes are the Walnut Prawns, Calamari, Ginger Scallion Lobster, Salt and Pepper Crab, House Special Fried Rice, and the Clams :)the food wasn't that good . Not satisfied at all . The shrimp mayo was nasty . It looked like it had been sat out and then given to us because as soon as we ordered the food came out right away . It looked dry and it was not tasteful . very bad . I would not recommend and will not be back ! The only thing nice was the bean soup they give at the end .I came here for a birthday party. We rented a karaoke room, it was pretty great.  Not too expensive for how long we had the room, and also were able to order some food.
My favorite is the fried shrimp with mayo.  Great stuff.
I haven't tried too many other things there besides the lobster, that was good too. 
Overall, it's a decent place to stop by and eat.great beef pepper with beans the  way they make it is awesomeI ordered half a Peking duck with my cousin and it was pretty good.  This would be the best restaurant if you are in Chinatown for a nightlife.  But this area is pretty much dead. unless you go to bars and such.  I'd come here for mid-night snacks when I'm in Philly at least once or twice a week, it also has karaoke rooms that are available.  This place is opened from 5PM-3-5AM?  I'm not sure but my dad basically owns this place.  So that's why I'm always here.  I personally wouldn't really give it 5 stars but for sure its a 4 stars.
P.S. It's a 5 stars because I know the person.Couldn't decide what we wanted, so ordered some kind of seafood-duck-pork concoction to go. It tasted awful and made the house smell like burnt tires so we threw it out.
Two stars because we only tried the one thing and probably they serve other items less reminiscent of burning rubber.I love Ken's Seafood.  Everything I've had here has been excellent.  The scallops in particular are something special.  Ken himself came to our table and talked to us about the food.  He said that the trick with the scallops is not as much the preparation as getting the best quality scallops.  As far as I can tell, he is doing that.  I recommend the salt-baked scallops, but I'm sure they are delicious other ways.
I had a whole fish once that was delicious, selected right from a tank in the window.  I have also had shrimp fresh from the window tank, prepared the way our server suggested, with raw bodies and separately deep-fried heads.  Really good.  The clams in black bean sauce were excellent as well.
The prices are medium-high, as you might expect.  I still consider the value-for-the-money to be very good.
I've never been upstairs, where I assume the Karaoke takes place.  That's a whole different matter, I suppose.This place is HORRIBLE!!!!
Yeah sure they have KTV and updated songs, but other than that it is worth nothing. 
I just got home from eating dinner there with a group of friends and I could not wait to write up this review! If I could give them zero stars, I definitely would.
The service was horrible; the room and bathroom smelled like smoke and was dirty. We got there at 4 p.m. and stayed until 8 p.m. The waitress was nowhere to be found and gave us looks like we had two heads or something. The boss was obnoxious and yelled at us AND WE ARE THE CUSTOMERS!! The food came up 45 mins. after we ordered. The microphone went out of battery half way through the night and the waitress took 30 mins. to come in and fix it. 
The food was not that good. A lot of it was salty. 
When the bill came, all of us were SHOCKED! The total came up to $120, EXCLUDING TIPS, when we only ordered only 6 dishes and three beers. When I ordered the food, the total that I calculated according to the menu was about $75. The beer was $4 a bottle, a total of $12 for beer. They put down 2 bottles of soda on the table, BUT WE DID NOT ORDER ANY AND THEY CHARGED US $10 FOR THEM!!! They were only 1 liter bottles! $5 FOR A 1 LITER BOTTLE OF SODA!! 
I asked the waitress to write out the prices for me so that I can figure out why it came up to $120, but she said "I don't know, go ask the boss". I went downstairs to the boss and he wrote the prices out and told me "I didn't charge you guys for the room or tax" and then he wrote down $110. I went back up and told my friends that I still think the total is wrong and we took out our phones to calculate the total with the prices written on the bill. THE TOTAL WHEN WE CALCULATED IT CAME OUT TO ONLY $98 BUT THEY CHARGED US $120!!! I went downstairs again with two guys and we told the boss the total we calculated was $98. WHY ARE YOU CHARGING US $120 THEN $110 AND SAYING THAT THIS IS THE TOTAL PRICE WITHOUT TAX AND TIPS??? AND I MUST TELL EVERYONE THAT IN CHINATOWN, THE RESTAURANTS USUALLY DO NOT CHARGE TAX WHEN YOU PAY CASH! The boss got pissed at us and started YELLING at us and mumbling about what he did not charge and back talking to us, challenging us"Do you want me to really calculate the costs of everything?!" I then said to him "YOU TOLD US AT THE BEGINNING THAT YOU WERE NOT GOING TO CHARGE FOR THE ROOM BUT NOW YOU'RE GONNA YELL AT US THAT YOU DID NOT CHARGE FOR IT AND OTHER THINGS?!" He eventually charged us $100 and said this is it, "no next time for you students and next time I will charge you $30/hr for the room!" We went back up and split up the bill and still payed %15 tips. THE TOTAL WE PAYED WAS $115 PLUS TIPS WHICH IS WHAT WE WERE SUPPOSED TO PAY! As we were walking down the stairs, the waitress talked to another waitress in Fuzhounese behind us and said "they are so cheap... !#%^$^ calculating the bill @#$%^#!" They probably thought that we did not know the language but we actually DO and my friend yelled back in Fuzhounese, "We know how to speak Fuzhounese too!! So, don't be talking about us right behind us!"
The experience was absolutely horrible!! I have been going to chinatown for 18 years and I never ever had so much trouble and been into such a horrible restaurant before!!I hosted a party here and we had an amazing time.  The good was the cheap eats, spacious rooms, plentiful song selection for karaoke, and availability.  The combination of all of these things makes this place an awesome hangout.  The only bad thing is the owner wouldn't stop coming into our party and hanging out.  It sounds funny but was a bit annoying.  All else was cool.Ken is the best!! His seafood restaurant is lit to say the least! The food is great the service is excellent! Ken is the best forreal!Ken's Seafood is a great place if you would like your 9pm reservation ignored, constantly being assured by owner "10 more minutes, I promise" and then FINALLY getting a room @ 10:30pm, being served watered down alcohol,and  having to endure other patrons smoking when a smoking ban is in effect. *drum roll please* And the top reason some may love coming here-- to be constantly groped and molested by the skeevy, drunk, MARRIED owner.  All this made for a very interesting night and I am sure you too can have the whole Ken's Seafood experience--but be sure to put in your reservations early! (I mean it, make the reservations early and then get there 2 hours later, I'm sure good 'ol Ken will still make you wait with sweet promises too!)
(The G-Rated version) At the end of our "adventurous" night, someone finally spoke up (you know who you are & Thank you!) after Ken tried to work his magic on her, but she clearly told him we all obviously were skeeved out since the multiple times he came into our private room, we would all huddle together in 1 corner.  He looked confused and ironically drunk off his watered down drinks & made a pathetic apology. He then stormed off, but his cheap hollow door wouldn't give him the effect he was trying for.  But then he showed us by giving us our bill with our original total crossed off & adding an extra $20 to it.  We decided not to leave a tip since we figured he tried to have his way with all of us (he doesn't discriminate either) so that was a big tip in itself.  Apparently, these smooth cat moves may have worked in the past for him, so I guess we "missed out".
But don't let any of this deter you from trying this place out.  Just don't forget to bring your mace.  And eat ahead of time.Worst service ever!!! I planned a surprise party for my brother and we decided to have it here. We love karaoke and had heard the food was really good. 
I made reservations and the night of we came with a party of 25. They treated us like they were annoyed we were there. So rude. No one greeted us. 
When we walked in they immediately pointed upstairs and said "go". No welcome of any kind. And once we were in the room I was even more disappointed. The room was dirty and run down. The cups were dirty, the walls were stained and the table clothes had holes in them. 
We already had such a large group out and it was a Saturday night. Trying to find another place was not an option. We decided to make the most of it. 
Our servers never checked on us. We had to go find them for everything and when we did they seemed annoyed. The whole interaction with the staff was frustrating. Just short, cold and extremely rude. 
We were the only people in the place. You think they would have treated us better but no. We spent $560 ($160 over their minimum) and they were literally kicking us out at the end of our 3 hours. Again. We were the only people in the whole place. 
I would never, never come back to this place. There are way better places in Chinatown that offer karaoke in private rooms. Places that are cleaner and where the staff is friendly and makes you feel welcomed.Not horrible but definitely not amazing. Can't say much about karaoke but it's dining setup was crowded and not very welcoming to non-chinese. We even asked for recommendations from the manager (I think, he didn't even check up on us he just catered to the Chinese patrons) and he plainly said "everything good. Try fried fish" nothing out of the ordinary yet it's still pretty pricey. If you or a friend speak Chinese hit it up, otherwise venture elsewhere for better and more reasonable deals.I have only experienced 2 other karaoke place in chinatown (rising tide and yakatori).  I would have to choose this place over rising tide.  They are much more cleaner.  The space looks much better.  The food is so much more decent.  The bathroom is not as disgusting.  The song selection is more up to date.  I'm glad that our karaoke party was moved from rising tide to here.  We spent $300 for about 3 hours.  Not so terrible at all. Plus it's byob.  I would definitely choose this place for the next karaoke outing.I've always like Ken seafod because....
1) If you want the best salted fish fried rice, go to Ken, it's more "authentic"  compare to other places in CT. Other places salted fish friend rice is basicaly shrimp and eggs fried rice lol. 
2) His portion are more generous, prices are cheaper. When I order for pick up, he would give me extra soup to go with the rice and shrimp so it's not too dry-that's a bonus! 
3) I felt welcome here, him and his staff are always friendly, no complaints, just a happy customerWe really enjoyed an anniversary dinner here after an early movie.  The eel was beautifully grilled, the scallops fresh and tender, the flounder flaky and perfect.  There was a slightly noisy party in the upstairs room, and the atmosphere is not terribly romantic, but the food was some of the best Chinese pescetarian we have enjoyed in 40 years of Chinese anniversary dinners.Some of the best Asian cuisine I have ever had. I come in, Ken asks me what I feel like eating. I either say lobster or shrimp or crab or eel, and he goes into the kitchen and a short time later outcomes something delicious! Whatever you want, Ken will accommodate you. The food is as fresh as fresh as can be. The service is always wonderful.it Is one of the most accommodating restaurants I have ever found myself in. If you're looking for a  fancy place, with fancy Decour, this is not for you. But if you want Great food at reasonable prices. You will not find a better restaurant in all of PhiladelphiaGood place, food's better than a lot of the other places with karoake rooms around Chinatown.  Stayed here 5 hours last time we had dinner.  I guess it helps that I know the owner.  Well worth it anyway, all things considered.In the private Karaoke Bar on the third floor for a birthday party. The buffet they've set up is abundant, diverse and delicious.  
The karaoke set up is easy to use and program on our own so each person can easily find what they're looking for. The music selection is very diverse. Coupled with the two large screens makes for a fun time. 
The set up for the party of 30 was great and the attentiveness of the staff is appreciated. Prices reasonable. 
BYOB caps the evening cause they have just what I wanted to drink. 
CheersNot a stranger to Philly but I've always been one to turn my nose at the 'authentic' Chinese food that dotted Philly's Chinatown. This place definitely changed my mind with everything they offered, at a reasonable price no less.
We got the seafood nest, fried pork intestines, among other dishes. Everything is spot on, the pork intestines was crunchy but juicy on the inside, the seafood basket was very generous in regards to portions. Only shame is this place didn't look like it got much business, everything wasn't as super fresh as it could have been but it still tasted delicious. Definitely going to be my go-to spot in Philly when I'm around for Chinese food.I'd stay FAR AWAY from this "so called" restaurant! I went there with a group, and we had to walk out. First of all, when you walk in the restaurant, you see live fish barely breathing in the tank. Some were alive, but barely breathing; while some were dead. How can a restaurant served fish in that type of condition? Also, what makes matter worse is that we saw many mice droppings on our tables. Yes, I said, a "plural word!" Mice droppings were on two of our tables, and they were very noticeable! Also, the restaurant was VERY dirty, and seemed as if it had not been cleaned since it opened in Philadelphia! Disgusting, dirty, and just plain gross on every level! If you value your health, go somewhere else!! Phewy!!Best place to go to for Chinese karaoke!
My friends and I are regulars here at Ken's, and we wouldn't even think about choosing somewhere else to go to for a fun night of karaoke.
If you buy over $150 of food and drink, you get 3 hours of karaoke free. That's a pretty damn good deal if you think about how much food and karaoke you get for $50 an hour (split by however many people you have in your party).
While the food here definitely isn't the best you can get in Chinatown, the dishes are the perfect solution to a late night hunger. Greasy and filling, any dish you order will go good with karaoke and beer. If you really want a dish recommendation, go for the walnut shrimp. Gigantic shrimp lathered in a sweet coconut sauce with walnuts. Hot, sweet, and savory.
Ken's is a pretty popular place for Chinatown karaoke, so make sure to book your room a few days in advance.
Pro tip: If you don't want to use the sole bathroom on the 3rd floor because it's been frequented by too many drunk customers, there's a hidden, clean bathroom next to the kitchen that the staff will let you use.We've come to Ken's a couple of times for snacks- we just ask for whatever is fresh (be it shrimp, clams, etc) and get it salt/pepper/fried in preparation. Normally not here for too long, so we haven't had the customer service issues others seem to have had. Not a place I'd come to for the atmosphere, but it's an inexpensive way to enjoy some fresh seafood.Let me start off with saying I used to love Ken's. Food was always delicious and you can't beat the lobster special. However, today marks my last visit for the restaurant. Found a ginormous black bug in one of the dishes after eating 1/3 of it. Plain gross... Did not really want to post on Yelp but honestly, the owner did not even apologize. When I told him, he literally was like oh and the next thing was I give you a different one. Maybe he didn't want other customers to hear, but it really is just not fair that me and my friend had to go through this. We ended up switching it to a different dish but by the time we got it, we both pretty much lost our appetite. We didn't blame this incident on the server but it will just be my last visit.I used Ken's Seafood twice to host my birthday karaoke parties and it has not disappointed. The food is great but the atmosphere itself is a lot of fun. It is BYOB which makes it so much more affordable and the systems are good. I had already given up on the other establishments that used archaic systems such as a giant book of songs or a remote that's in a different language. Another great thing is that the music video is the ACTUAL music video for English songs. 
Service is also decent; there was always at least one person available that stood outside the doorway which is nice.Never been there because when I make my reservation for a Surprise 30th party, the OWNER decided to give my room to his "special friends".. on top of that if I havent call to confirm my reservation the before I would never know about this and probably would have waited the whole night for the room.. THEY would have ruin the SURPRISE PARTY..WORST SERVICE.. and I heard this is not the first time he did this too..Late night bites.. msg fix - check!!
stopped by after a late night out and ordered a couple items:
 - hot & sour soup - perfect after a night out drinking
 - honey walnut shrimp - delicious! the shrimp was nice and plump
 - wings - they are like crack! love the seasoning... 
 - beef chow mein - this was just okay..we really wanted the chow fun but they ran out of the noodles.. so this dish was just okay... 
Service was great - the after hours crowd if very interesting.. We sat on the 1st floor facing the stairs...and you'll see drunk people stumbling down... a couple may miss their steps.. but nonetheless..very entertaining..Quietly one of the best seafood places in the city. Try the scallops, lobster in xo sauce and the fried seafood plate.I always love to eat at ken. I ate there countless. 
Love the seafood, soups, and almost all the menu!
We used to have party in their rooms, the karaoke were good. Went there at Chinese new year, almost 2 weeks ago and had a good time thereGreat experience! Had a reservation at 10pm, but got there at 8:45pm and they let us get a room anyways. The room was huge, food was delightful and came out very quick! Staff barely bothered us except to ask if everything was ok. Only problem was we had to ask for water repeatedly without them refilling it when they saw it was empt and grabbing our own utensils. Overall experience it was great tho. Def recommend!Pretty good for groups (came here as a group of 15), food is OK, and we had dessert as a bonus. There's karaoke room too upstairs.Service was rude. Food was ok. The restaurant is not very clean and the bathrooms are dirty. The food is reasonably priced tho.Late Night Chinese Food.
Can you ever really give it 5 stars? Everything tastes so good when it's 3am. I came here a couple times and always order lo mein or something basic chinese and then i hate myself for it because this place specializes in seafood! the clams in brown sauce, crispy shrimp or lobster fried rice is the way to go here. anything other than seafood here is basic. the manager is very lively, he's usually drunk but gives some free shots. i usually hit up this place or david's after a long night out with some friends to ease the hangover the next dayWould like to make a reservation but cant get anyone to answer the phone. Is this place still open?Ken's Seafood has good food, you just got to know what to order. Their walnut shrimp is quite good. And yes do try out the seafood here. Besides food, they offer karaoke rooms, which I was there for a birthday party. Again, you need to talk it out with the people there and know what you're doing before you book and order food. They open real late so it's a plus. Overall, one of the most popular food places in Chinatown.I'm a regular here but I had to write about the most recent experiences I've had here. We were a large group that asked for and booked a room. We were arriving prepared to pay for our reservation. However, apparently we did not order enough food for a staff member's satisfaction - he came into the room, yelling at us (actually yelling) insisting that we vacate the room. He placed us at a table that was far too small for our group and we lost money on our room. The staff was rude and demeaning. Of course, at this point, I wanted to tip but not much, because of such ridiculous service. When I did so, the staff had the audacity to come back up to me and insist on me tipping more. They refused to let me leave until I did (I had paid for the food and given a tip at this point)!! This kind of treatment is outrageous and disturbing. Treating customers like this is not allowed, in any circumstances. There are many better karaoke/Asian/byo restaurants nearby - go there.As a seafood restaurant the freshness of materials are utmost essential. They did well on that and every course is fresh and yummy. We tried lobsters, oysters (insanely biggest I ever had) and a whole fish. Nothing disappointed us. Will definitely come again for weekday lobster special :)The absolute worst customer service of my entire life. We got to ken's seafood for our reservation at 10 a few minutes early. They made us wait downstairs, which is totally fine. But then it got to 10:40 and we still didn't get our reservation. 
After forty minutes of waiting in this run-down, unfriendly and honestly a bit dirty place, I cannot say I was surprised but I was disappointed. To say the quality of every aspect of this "restaurant" is subpar is an understatement.
We asked if we could get our reservation because it was ridiculous to be so late. Our inquiry was met with such RUDENESS I was so in shock. The owner literally told us to GO HOME!!!! You should not own a business if you care so little about your customers. Terrible. Do not go here. 
I am only putting one star because I have to but I would put zero if I could.I've come to Ken's multiple times for various reasons, usually to enjoy a private BYOB karaoke room with friends. In the past, I have never had an experience as terrible as the one I had today. 
We were seated in the top private room with maybe 18 people give or take a couple people coming and going at about 6:30pm. Our group was all young professionals on a work-sponsored outing with 2 bottles of wine between all of us (aka completely sober and not rowdy). We ordered two of every dish for the 2 tables we had. We were completely blindsided by the actions of our waitress because she informed us, in a condescending manner, that we had to pay for each person in the room whether they were eating or not. She also proceeded to call us students as though we were just young college kids instead of working professionals, all in our late 20s. We had to inform her that not all of our party was eating and that they were just here for the company. I find it absolutely ridiculous that we even had to justify the few people who weren't eating. What kind of reasonable policy is it to charge per person (whether they were eating or not) for food that was already pre-portioned? It's not like the number of people in the room would effect the cost of making and serving the food so it really doesn't make sense to enforce a per person cost. We weren't informed of this completely ridiculous policy in advance and had we known, we would have taken our business elsewhere. 
First of all, the restaurant is COMPLETELY empty. I would be more understanding of this sentiment if I truly believed we were in a busy space and had to pay for those of us who were coming and going which is NOT the case. Or if they informed us of a per person minimum cost, which is something some other BYOBs do on busy weekend nights, but this was also NOT the case. Despite being as polite as possible to the waitress, we were treated completely poorly and extremely rudely.
So please, if you want to avoid this kind of behavior, I would suggest not coming here! And to the restaurant: please change your policy and the poor attitude of your waitress.Try the karaoke here! They have the most recent songs I've ever seen at a karaoke place, like "Blank Space" only a few months after it came out. And it's only $20pp for food and karaoke together! Their song selection is quite wide with a great variety of US Top 40 as well as some Chinese songs if that's your jam.
Food was pretty good. Chicken meat was plentiful, and everything was cooked in an authentic Chinese style.
The service wasn't the best, but I can understand not wanting to interrupt private rooms. Food came out pretty quickly and all at once though. We booked the 20-person room, which consisted of 2 round tables so a third of the people aren't facing the TV. The layout also means a lot of people are eating while you're karaoking, which gets surprisingly awkward. For some reason the room got really hot in the middle of our night... better than being really cold, I guess.STAY AWAY. 
I am so disappointed with this experience. We were told by a friend that this restaurant offered a special deal per person for karaoke and for "unlimited" food. Immediately, we were disappointed by the stench of the atmosphere (smoke and raw seafood), the unprofessional staff, and the unsanitary amenities. 
We were promised the room from 10-1, but we did not enter our room till 11.  Stuck in a small space with a large group, dirty room, we waited patiently for our reservation.  
The food was nothing special, and again, the amenities were horrendous.  We were unable to use the toilet due to it being clogged and disgusting. Even though we told a staff member, nothing was done. 
Upon leaving and paying what we thought we were originally told was our due amount per our agreement with the establishment, we were chased out of the restaurant by the owner who demanded an additional $120. Unbelievable. My friends and I always tip for a restaurant, but being yelled at by the owner to tip $120 on the sidewalk outside the establishment is beyond me. 
Upon all of this, the bill had no charges and only accepted cash. I would love to see how this business reports their profits, as it is obvious they take advantage of their customers. Without any contract or policy, they are lucky we gave them any type of extra cash.
Needless to say, I will never return. There are so many high quality restaurants run by honest and hard working staff that I will continue to support. I will never recommend Kens Seafood.This place has nice karaoke rooms but considering that if you have a party of 10 or more it's $20 per person it's not worth it. they give you like seven dollars worth of food per person  which is ridiculous. 11 people in my party and they brought out 5-6 plates for everyone to share. They started taking away out plates and I literally was like "that's it?" In disbelief I was still very much hungry. It's definitely not worth it. Not the greatest service either and it was difficult to get a room as well. There's other karaoke rooms in Chinatown that are more worth it. The food was okay, your typical Chinese food. They didn't give us any expensive dishes either with the big party, just chicken dishes, lo mein, fried rice, chow fun, that you can get for a fraction of the price at your local Chinese restaurant by your house.I went here when everything should be closed, 2 am!!! I ordered a lot of food with a friend and everything came out great. The tea they give you is also great. My only regret is not ordering more food!!!! Can't wait to go here again.Great food, great experience. The owner came out and greeted us personally, and ensured we had the best his menu had to offer on our plates. I have never met his equal, and will look forward to dining with him whenever I am back in Philly.Not impressed with Ken's. I would recommend this for a casual drop-in karaoke room, but I definitely would not recommend it for any sort of event for a large group that requires advance planning.  
I'll start with a positive -- Karaoke rooms were spacious compared to other spots in Chinatown and we enjoyed the Chinese food. BYOB is a plus. 
There were miscommunications regarding my room reservation and it seemed like a shady way to make more money rather than a simple misunderstanding. 
First of all, you can't reserve earlier than the Monday prior to the weekend you want. I called at 4:30pm on a Monday (as soon as they opened) to make a reservation for 10pm on a Friday and was confirmed for 10-1am. However, when I arrived, I was told my reservation was at 10:30pm. At that time, we were placed in a room too small for our party and did not go into the room we requested until 11:00pm. 
I was told on the phone that it would be $20 in cash per person for the room + food and that it is BYOB. No problem. But, at 1:30am when we went to pay our bill, we were told we were required to pay 20% gratuity on top of the bill because we were in the room longer than the 3 hour limit. Considering we did not begin karaoke or receive any food until after 11:00pm, this simply was not true. By that point, half of our party had left so the remaining 5 guests had to find a way to come up with $120(!) for gratuity.
It seems that Ken's tries to cram in walk-in reservations and makes you wait to accommodate multiple groups in a night. The system was disorganized and dishonest. If you want to have repeat customers, be clear about the price and reservation. The whole night felt shady-- with cash only and no receipts provided to verify anything.The two times I've been here (once in December, then April) I've brought rowdy parties of 20ish people. The people here are true angels -- they've been helpful, friendly, and very kind in putting up with 20+ off-pitch karaoking. 
The karaoke/food deal here is the best you can get in Philly -- I believe it was around $200/table (I could be wrong, but it comes out to be ~$20 / person). Fresh lobster (literally, my friend and I got to pick our lobsters from the tank for our meal that night) and a good variety of Chinese food. 
Each time I come, I always seem to have leftovers. A night of karaoking with friends, good food -- you can't go wrong with Ken's. Will definitely be back!One of the best places for fresh seafood in an area that seemed crowded with restaurants that claim to serve good seafood.
Try the geoduck, scallops in XO sauce, or better yet, just ask Ken to have the kitchen whip up something for you using the seafood swimming in the tanks. I promise it will be delicious!!I'm going to be honest. We went to Chinatown at 3:00 to get David's across the street. But the line was out of the door. I'd been to Ken's before for a coworkers party and had a great time. So, we decided to give it a go. We got soup, hot garlic chicken and pork dumplings. It was really hot and fresh - all of the food. I don't eat shellfish but many folks were. The crowd at 3am was much more drunk and belligerent than usual, but we were treated nicely and our food came out so fast. It could be a lot cleaner and updated inside and outside, but the food is great.I'm trying to be fair here. My friends really like to come to this place for birthday parties and we kinda patronize the place year round since the manager who works there was a classmate to my friend or something like that. So usually when we come here we get a room to ourselves on the second floor and we sing karaoke and play mahjong and such.
But despite the relationship, we're not treated as VIP. Yes, we do have our own room, but the food here is expensive. The shabu-shabu meal we had here last month cost about $50 a person and the portion is small, two giant plates of vegetable, one small plate of beef, one small plate of various seafood, one small plate of tofu, meatballs and fish balls shared amongst 10 people. We were still hungry afterwards and ended up complaining to the manager.
Tonight, we went for another birthday dinner in which 12 of us shared about 10 dishes and we each had to pay more than $40 each, which comes to about more than $30~40 a plate of food, for Chinese food that's really outrageous. On top of that the food usually takes quite a bit of time to get here upon ordering, this two times I went, it took about 30 minutes and the staff is not really responsive.
The quality of the food is alright, nothing spectacular, decor is so-so. It's a meh for me. If I'm paying $50 a person, I would much rather go for something else.The disrespect here is real. Went here for my friends birthday party for the first time and was disgusted by the unprofessional customer service. As soon as I came in, a couple of waiters were just sitting on the stairs and just looked at me like.. "what do you want?" No welcomes or anything. I just made my way and found the birthday room myself as I just let myself in between them because, like I said, they were sitting on the stairs kinda blocking the way. 
After we got our food, a couple of hours into the party, I notice a slight argument going on between the birthday boy, his family, and the owner which was obnoxiously drunk at the moment.. He literally couldn't even stand up on his own, leaning on everything while trying to tell us to get out.  We were never given any notice that we had to leave in 3 hours into the party. You're telling me we paid $1200, for 3 hours? while majority of the party was STILL EATING AND DRINKING AND ORDERING FOOD. 
AND HERE COMES THE GOOD PART.
After about 10 mins or so of not arguing, the owner calmed down, came into our room, and a couple of witnesses saw him come in trying to blend in, and stole a bottle of unopened Grey Goose out of OUR cooler. ROFLMAO!!!! YOU GOTS TA BE shitting me right? We confronted him about it, he tried to deny it, saying he thought it was his and everything, OH MY. We eventually got it back, and now I never want anything to do with this place again. 
HBD V!We went to karaoke last night and had a great time! $20 per person for a private room AND food included! Remember to bring cash to pay! It's a good spot for a group of college kids for a cheap and fun time. They should show you how to work the music system though! And maybe get a few more songs. Great cheap byob spot!The food is really fresh. The owner is very nice they have party  rooms which is cool. A good place for seafood*3.5/5
Only place around that was open for our late night post-concert cravings, and it was aight. Kinda tasted like food I could put together myself but it hit the spot in the moment. Pan-fried dumplings were nice and crispy, so special shout out there. They also give you tea to drink which is noice.