Nice little neighborhood spot. Great beer selection, although they could stand for more hoppy beers. We came mid-day so the kitchen wasn't fully open. We got a porchetta pizza. It was very good, but not great. (Nothing beats the guanciale pizza at City Tap House). Service was very good, the bartender was very friendly and chatted everyone up a bit. Neat little place and we will surely return to try the full menu.Wonderful find on South 2nd street. Lisa had the veg board which had great flavors for each veggie. I had the lamb burger that was wonderful and cooked to perfection. Great wine list, beer list and great service. Not sure about the poor comments on poor service but ours was great. 
Next time Pizza!!!I have been meaning to write a review for this place since I first went six months ago. This restaurant deserves nothing short of five stars for the following reasons:
1. Service: Usually, I will sit at the bar with my girlfriend. The bartender is amazing. Attentive without being overly so. Friendly, to the point where you feel like it's your neighborhood bar, even when you're four miles from home. Helpful, so that when you want to know what a certain unknown item on the menu is, he'll admit when he doesn't know the best way to explain and find someone who will hopefully explain it best.
2. Atmosphere: The music is always good. It gives my Soundhound a workout because I am constantly checking who is playing or making a mental checklist of the CDs I should dust off and listen to when I get home. The bathrooms are clean. There is never a wait. The bar's just dark enough. It just feels like home.
3. Drinks: Delicious bloody marys that you can get day or night. What other place has that? If you don't see something on the menu, the bartender aims to please. Great beers and cocktails.
4. Food: MOST AMAZING gnocchi I've ever had. Really. I thought I didn't like it until I had brunch and ate them here. AMAZING. Beans on Toast...AMAZING. BONE MARROW BURGER. OMG....Really, everything I have tried here has been great...I agree with another reviewer that said the pizza is not as great as Dock's street. However, I don't think that should diminish the rating because it's still great, just pales in comparison to all the other things I have tried here. Oh, and don't forget desserts...My personal favorite is the sticky toffee dessert. I don't like sweets and this makes me forget that!
The only reason I would even consider giving this place less than five stars is to prevent it from becoming overcrowded and having to wait...but if that's what happens, they deserve it...100 percent.Last night's pizza special was fantastic. Mussels, spinach, and curried tomato sauce.Really nice interior, all pretty dark wood. Service was very good. We split the salumeria pizza which is homemade mozzarella, cured meat, and olives. It was mostly good but there was not quite enough cheese on it and there was a really bad salt situation going on - every couple of bites I would get a MASSIVE amount of salt. I kept checking to make sure that it wasn't just me tasting the salami or olives - it wasn't. Before I was able to say it, one of my friends said exactly the same thing about HER pizza. It really put a damper on the food.
I would certainly give this place another chance because it has a lot of potential, especially for brunch. Will update in the future.This is the kind of place that makes you wish you lived in that neighborhood (see: mccrossens, cafe lutecia)
Ive only ever sat at the bar (dining room is cozy and has open kitchen views) , gotten great service from the barkeeps and they have a great beer selection and some interesting spirits to mess around with
I was addicted to the anchovy/cucmber spread on house boule for a while, the lamb burger is always a home run as well as the pizzas, cooked in the custom made wood burning over. like i said, i wish i lived closer but its still on my once a week radar..Made my much-anticipated visit to Kennett this past Friday, January 7th.  The restaurant had a handsome interior, and its service was attentive without being overbearing. Staff were exceptionally polished and knowledgeable about the menu.
Normally dining out is difficult for my husband and I for while we're meat eaters, we've committed to only eating meat that has been locally and humanely raised.  As such, many of our favorite dishes can't be ordered when we eat out, or, when we do find a restaurant that sources locally and humanely, it's cost-prohibitive.  
Kennett's menu was a completely different story as items are sourced locally whenever possible, plus - prices were extremely accessible.  We had a vegetarian in our group that evening who was admittedly surprised by the large array of dishes that fit her diet.
Although I wanted to order ever single thing on the menu, I ultimately indulged in the lamb burger.  It was incredibly succulent and nuanced in flavor thanks to its well thought out toppings that complimented but didn't overwhelm the flavor of the meat. I'm crazy for collards and so was delighted that they're a built-in side for burgers.  Kennett's collards were perfectly cooked, predominantly savory in flavor but also with a hint of sweetness.  Mmmm.
The Beer selection was superb and the cocktails far from run-of-the mill.  I enjoyed the Scotch Whiskey Skin (served hot and in a big mug), and a pint of Ithaca Brewing Company's Flower Power (which according to Phillytapfinder.com can only be found at Kennett as of this writing).
There are so many things that I want to return to try.  Top on my list are the Stone Fence cocktail, the roasted parsnips with parmesian, their charcuterie plate (SO HARD to find charcuterie made from local, humanely raised meat), and the chicken.  Also, will bring a larger group next time so we can order ALL the desserts!  
Needless to say, but I'll say it anyway... though we've only had one date, if I could marry a restaurant, it would be Kennett.This review is mixed. I'm a tour guide here in Philly, and people constantly ask me for restaurant recommendations. This would have been a great one, except for the poor service.
If you are looking for a place with a chill ambiance and amazing food, Kennett is it. I am a vegetarian and am always looking for places creative enough to cater to vegetarians and vegans. My wife and I went here and had the Veggie Board, which was totally on par with what we had had on our trip to Vedge. The mushrooms were amazing, and I absolutely adored the eggplant. We also had the Cheese Board, which got us to try cheeses with fancy mustards and jams. We had never eaten capers before either, having judged them on their olive-like appearance, but they were really interesting.
We also had the gnocchi (vegetarian version), and it was to die for. They just started their fall offerings, so it was acorn squash and chard. It was the perfect mix of creamy and sweet and bitter. 
We were also impressed with the beer selection. I got the Victory Fest and my wife got an Ommegang. They had a large variety, including 25.4 oz offerings. 
However, we felt that the server decided that we weren't going to tip and really didn't give us the same attention as her other tables. Another server had to help us a couple of times, too. I was never asked if I wanted a second drink. At the end of the meal, we were handed the menu by the other server and she said "Those are for you at the bottom." We realized that she was talking about desserts, but she was already gone without checking in or anything. And where was our server? Well, we were seated right by the kitchen, so we saw her walk back and forth several times, but no check ins. 
Once we got the check, we had to wait around for 5-10 minutes to get some change for a cash payment. When no one was making any motions to help us *at all*, we finally decided to just take $5 back and leave, shortchanging the tip down to 18% (which, btw, is low for us).
Yes, we were in jeans (the Yelp page said casual), but they weren't ratty or anything, and we're not sure why we were judged this way. We were torn between living up to your expectations, and tipping poorly, or rewarding you for bad behavior just to prove a point. I'm not saying that your job isn't hard, but I work for tips too, and I treat everyone like they've already left me a tip before the tour has even begun.Grabbed an early dinner at Kennett last night before work. Service was fantastic, but food fell short of "gastro-pub" credibility. Again, let me say they couldn't be nicer, but really... it's about the food.
Though the menu sounded great, everything I had was over-spiced and completely lacking in any subtle flavors of the food itself. If they dial everything  back by about 40%, the place will be great... And this from someone who loves spicy and exciting food.
The smoked cauliflower soup was loaded with salt and pepper to the point that neither cauliflower nor smokiness was evident.
The beet salad was over-dressed, over-salted, and over-goated(cheese),
The veggie-burger was pretty good, but again, just sort of overwhelming.
With some serious restraint in the kitchen, the flavors on this great menu could truly be enjoyed. Here's hoping...Don't be afraid. Try the burger, even though the first ingredient listed is bone marrow. Relax, it may sound unappetizing, but it adds SO much to the taste of the burger. I ordered it on the recommendation of a friend and I wasn't disappointed. I DID have to wait a while, but the wait was worth it.
One thing I would suggest for the menu is mentioning that cheese IS an option. Since I didn't see the option, I didn't order it with any. When the burger arrived, my friend asked me why I didn't order with cheese. I mentioned that I didn't think it was available, but was informed that it was. I asked that they take it back, and just throw a slice on it. After getting lost in conversation, and a good beer, I realized after 15 minutes that my burger wasn't back yet. When I asked Brian, our bartender, if he could check, he went back to  kitchen. At this point, what I like to refer to as "The Burger Summit" convened. After about 5 minutes of conversation between Brian, the bar manager, and two members of the kitchen staff, it was discovered that my burger had been given to someone else. I was told that I would be given a fresh burger, and it would be taken off the bill. When it finally did arrive, WITH cheese, I was VERY happy. It was perfectly done, medium-well, with some pickled onions on the side. It's been quite a while since I had a burger this good. Not only was it fantastic, but because of a mistake, it was FREE! Bonus for me!
One thing that I was made aware of at the bar, is that they have coathooks along the front of the bar! How convenient. You don't have to sit on your coat! I know, it's the little things that make me happy.
Go to Kennett. You'll be happy that you did.What can i say i love kennett, a cool casual vibe accompanied by a good mix of drinks and great grub, pretty much everything one can ask for. With dim lit interiors, it can accommodate date nights as well as a casual night out with friends.
The service is excellent , but what makes this place stellar are the peeps in the kitchen. It still is one of the few places around town, that can consistently get  the done-ness of my burger right. Add to that a good variety of some locally sourced ingredients and some guilty pleasure foods, there is nothing much you can go wrong with while ordering. The beer and wine selection is ever so changing and they do host a decent happy hour and some weekly special beers occasionally. 
One of the things i like about this place, is that it is pretty low key and isn't usually swarming with people which makes it easy to frequent without much planning beforehand. So the next time when you find yourself strolling through queen village you know where to stop by now.Excellent food and great atmosphere.  Such a friendly place to go and have a few great drinks and some amazing food.  Try the beans on toast with the fried egg.  I know it sounds weird, but it's awesome!!!  Jake the bartender is just great too.Brunch burger is awesome...  Also had the porchetta pizza which is in a league of its own! Place is great!This place has great service and delicious food. I just wish they did take out beer. I'm so happy to have this place in my neighborhood!The food was a home run along with the ambiance. However, look out for "Johnny" the bartender. RUDE and ARROGANT to not only us, but the other staff. We tried several times to politely engage his suggestions, etc but to no avail. I would never return to this place. My husband and I have worked in the service industry for years and service is just as important as your meal.  PS - if Johnny is the owner as well, and you have a problem with those of us who aren't vegetarian, than I suggest you NOT SERVE MEAT.Most surprising find in my neighborhood. Really adventurous and complex dishes, you will leave feeling satisfied.Could not be happier to have just moved in down the street from this place!  The atmosphere and seating options are great-- pair that with a fantastic drink menu and scrumptious pizzas and I've found myself a real neighborhood gem. Everyone's super friendly and we instantly felt very at home.  
Oh yeah, The Porchetta pizza is to die for.Best beer and food in the city! Never disappoint. Recently went in and the staff was great. Recommended a new beer which I fell in love with. Must see when traveling in the city. Cheers!When you turn 30 you tell yourself nothing will change and age ain't nothin' but a number (Aaliyah). Then St. Patrick's day rolls around and while the city collectively gets hammered you find yourself alone sitting at your desk doing economics homework ignoring drunk texts from your friends. So when boo poked her head in the office and asked if I wanted to do brunch the next day I said absolutely, I used to go to brunch all the time when I was 29!!
After looking through the deck of city dining cards we zeroed in on Kennett and after taking to Yelp and reading the glowing review from my man Vinny P. I knew it was the one. 
We arrived around 11:45 and were welcomed by the bartender and a young man playing guitar, first impression, it looks like a mini Royal Tavern but brighter. Everyone must have been hungover because we were the only ones in there until around 12:10. It's cool though after reading the menu I figured if the food was half as good as it sounded we'd made the right decision.
Starting off we ordered some cocktails off their very imaginative  drink menu. Everything sounded amazing but I went with old faithful and got the Bloody, boo ordered some sort of French drink that came in a carafe and had champagne, St. Germaine, and soda water. Both were awesome.
Flipping the menu over and reading the options I knew Kennett was the one the Lord chose. All the beef was grass-fed, the eggs and chicken were free range and antibiotic free, and the pork was local and sustainably raised which means the pigs aren't fed corn which is uber uber importante. Whenever I'm out and I ask the waitress where the meat on the menu is sourced from and I feel a bit yuppyish so this was a major unexpected surprise.
Boo got the Italian breakfast which was crispy gnocchi (made with organic flour) topped with short ribs and eggs. That's right short ribs, eggs, and gnocchi. I opted for the English breakfast as it was a bit more protein heavy. It was grilled pork loin, butter beans, homemade blood sausage (amazing), and eggs which I added an additional one instead of the sourdough toast. Once the plates were served all conversation ended and nods of overwhelming satisfaction began. 
Taste-wise everything was out of this world but the importance of eating "clean food" can't be understated. Beyond the food the vibe of Kennett was very friendly and welcoming and I am looking forward to returning soon.Food very good.  The lentil and beet salads were outstanding with original and subtle use of fresh herbs.
The gnocchi is like none you have had.  After being cooked, it appears to have been sauteed, so comes out like little Tater Tots almost.  Tasty, but....
The down side was the staff who were unhelpful in finding us a table that was neither near a very hot wood pizza oven or in the loud bar.  Though the restaurant was empty at 6:30 on a Friday of a holiday weekend, they insisted that we three COULD NOT occupy a table designated for four, putting us at two pushed together small tables in the bar, which was very noisy.
Despite the quality of the meal, I won't be back.How about you learn how to cook, or maybe hire some cooks who know how to do so? Oh, and while you're at it, maybe you should get some advice from a local pizza shop. Even the worst shop around could teach you how to improve on your doughy mess. Oh, and one more thing, if you're going to offer sea bass on your menu and charge so much for it, please buy some sea bass. We're not all idiots.
I hate giving bad reviews, but if you're going to open a place in this economy, do your customers a favor and do some research, price your menu accordingly and please, for the love of Pete, don't lie to customers. Not good for business.
I didn't mention the skirt steak or chicken, because I believe in redemption and want to give this joint another chance. 
I've eaten in places all over the world, and I happen to know a thing or two about food. If you need some advice, I'd be happy to help. If not, please don't disregard this review or think it's simply here to bash your business. Us Philadelphians love good food joints. Join in on the fun and you'll be around for a while.Decent place if you're in the neighborhood. Probably wouldn't go to great lengths to go back though. 
Brussel Sprouts with Bacon: hard for me to evaluate because I'm not crazy about brussel sprouts. Something tells me a hefty squeeze of lemon would upgrade this dish. 
Kale Salad: Raw kale with butternut squash, shredded beets, and feta. The salad was way too underdressed--when you've got raw kale and raw beets, you need something sharp to cut through the raw "mustardiness." 
Beans on Toast: This was great. Felt very English. 
Pizza: Good, but not mind-blowing. Very decent though. 
Sticky Toffee Pudding: Highlight of the night. Absolutely perfect. The name says it all. 
Environment: First half of this narrow restaurant has a traditional sports bar feel. Not crazy about that. Second half is a bit more polished, with a wood fired pizza oven that opens in to the dining room.  
Service: Fantastic, and accommodating.Once and done here. Lets start with the fact that one of our friends were unable to eat gluten (celiac) and had to send her dish back 2-3 times. She said no bun with her burger, we get a burger with buns. That's pretty much how the entire meal went. Our one friends dinner came 20 minutes behind everyone else's and wasn't what he asked for. Food overall was pretty bad but the service was FAR worse. This place isn't even worth a more detailed description, as I do not wish to relive the horror that is Kennett.
I would eat at the Home Depot snack shack before I ever go back here.
Bottom line; See above sentence.There's a lot to like about Kennett, but I only went for the lamb burger.  I have to admit, I wasn't disappointed. It's so flavorful that even though the lamb is only served on a bun topped with some creamy radish coleslaw-type sauce, it's still impressive.  The meat doesn't need anything else.  I ordered medium rare and it came out pefectly.
Kennett has a beautiful atmosphere, a solid drink list, and good service.  It puts off a slighly snobbish vibe, but that's my only real gripe.  If I'm paying $15 for a burger I'd rather do so at Village Whiskey.  And I don't need you to tell me that "Everything is locally sourced and organic; anything that is vetegarian can be made vegan..."  That's fine, just print it on your menu like the rest of the info. 
The dessert menu has some real treat on it.  Save room.
Bottom Line: Good food, chill place, and good drinks.  Highish prices will make repeat visits rare.Such POTENTIAL!!! This would be a weekly spot for my husband and I (probably a biweekly spot!).  It has so much potential to be a new neighborhood gem.  The prices just belong in Rittenhouse (if that)...not in a qaint residential neighborhood with a 24/7 convenient mart across the street.  I had a great time here the other day.  Beautiful bar area, cozy ambience, nice open kitchen in the back. The kale salad is delicious.  The meat and cheese plate has some very nice features.  Tomato pie was a flop (why pay so much for a tomato pie when you can get an exceptional one for a few bucks?).  The scotch and hot water drink was good but luke warm.  I really wanted this place to be my regular neighborhood "go-to".  Food is above average with a few interesting options.  Nice cocktail and beer selection.  Bartender was awesome and the waitress was great - both very attentive.  The prices just need to drop about %25 to make it stand out over Dmitri's, New Wave, Pete's Sake etc.  I come from Boston and I'm used to over priced drink menus but the cost of living in Philly is half that of Boston.  I just find it a bit absurd that the drinks could cost more than a hot spot on Newbury.   They try hard to be unique which I admire.  I'm hoping the prices even out or the food/drinks kick it up a few notches to balance the cost.  This place truly has potential.  I will be back, just not nearly as frequently as I would like to.I drive by Kennett all the time.  Four times in fact the day we finally stopped in this weekend.  My girlfriend and I were there early (5ish) as we were attending a beer drinking event that evening, so we wanted to fill our bellies.  Well, one of us was pretty full of chips prior to the meal, but you get the point...
I love hand pumped, cask, firkin whatever you call it beer.  It makes any beer 20% better.  So props to Kennett on this.  Doesn't even matter what was in there, but at the time it was a cask-conditioned Yards ESA and all was good in the world.
As mentioned it was early, so the dinner crowd hadn't arrived yet.  Comfortable interior with maybe one or two other tables occupied at the time.  A guy who I assume was an owner chatted with one table as he prepped for the evening.  Very welcoming and they seem to care about their business.  Having owners/employees who actually give a damn means a lot.
This translated to the food.  Had the porchetta pizza.  The pork was super, super tender.  So much so you forgot it was on the pizza after you took a bite as no effort was needed to chew the stuff.  Also because it wasn't greatly falvorful, a subtle flavor that was nice albeit could've used a little more kick.  Just my opinion.  Also tried the lamb burger which was described by my Turkish girlfriend as tasting like a Turkish kofte which is some high praise.  She ate it with a knife and fork.
I will be back, that marrow on the regular burger is screaming my name.  "Briannn...I want to be in *your* boneessss..."Great little spot. Easy outdoor seating. We came here tonight excited its BYO (temporarily) and we're happy to see many of our favorite menu options are still available but they're just not up to par (yet).  Gnocchi was very good but not as well executed as it was under previous ownership. Same with the porchetta pizza. Both, I should say, were still well worth coming for. The beet salad and the summer squash salad were so sad though and I wouldn't recommend either.  I like a minimally dressed salad but these literally came out dry - no dressing. The squash isn't cooked or dressed.  The greens on the squash salad were wilted...not yet slimy or earthy but weepy. The beet salad had six 3/4" chunks of beet with maybe 3 charred chopped asparagus piled on top a disproportionately large pile of undressed (but crisp) romaine. Zero flavor. I asked for dressing and hoped for a bite of mint to pop through. The sherry vinaigrette our waitress dropped off did pick it up a few notches.  There might of been 1tbsp of goat cheese on there but you couldn't taste it with all the romaine. It's healthy - I finished it...but next time skip the romaine and just plate the beets or add some dressing.  This was my favorite brunch place. I'm hoping they do better with brunch than they did dinner tonight. I was in love with the previous owners breakfast pizza, Italian breakfast and vegetarian pancakes.I come in here a lot--usually brunch time--and I generally don't write reviews on places I frequent regularly (not sure why, actually; just don't), but wanted to write a comment since I've read a lot of mixed reviews on the "vibe."
There are a lot of great brunch spots to go to in Philadelphia. They usually have larger crowds (to see and be seen) and a very energetic, bright, upbeat atmosphere. Personally, I love those types of places. So I can understand why some people may be put off by the vibe at Kennett; because it is a little bit darker, quieter, cozier. However, I love this place just as much as any other great brunch spot, just for different reasons. I like Kennett for a calmer atmosphere and a low-key hangout. Particularly when I'm hungover and just want a quieter, easier experience. The food is consistently good, the bartenders are always accommodating and pleasant. And they'll talk to you as much as you want (or leave you alone if you prefer). Hopefully, this will paint a better picture of what to expect when you're here. It's a great place (underrated in my opinion), especially if you like to sit at a bar to have brunch--but they have outside seating too.
Also, side note: if you're a diva about your eggs then you definitely need to eat here. They get their eggs from a local farmer and they are FRESH FRESH FRESH. And Kennett always cooks and prepares them consistently well. You'll never want to eat stupid grocery store eggs again. :)The restaurant's location is right where 2nd & Christian & E. Moyamensing come together in a cute little stretch of tree-lined streets. Just down the street, a touch more South, the limbs of the trees, covered with big Summer leaves, come together touching from both sides of the street. It's one of my favorite things, the tree tunnels. So I like walking there, that's one thing.
Kennett is a cozy, dimly lit place. It's really pretty adorable, and I hear tell it's all made of reclaimed/re-purposed/recycled materials. You can think about that as you're enjoying some of the many delicious craft beers on tap. And eat something, would ya?
Such good food here! Food for one and all...whether you're meat-loving marrow eater or a vegetable-loving vegan. It's nice to know that all the foods are obtained from local and sustainable sources. It's nice to know that Kennett creates great meals out of the good stuff. In the past we've enjoyed the small plates, in particular the braised butter beans on toast with a nice runny egg on top. Yes, very good.
This time there were four of us, and that made for many dishes shared, and many table slapping, "Oh this is sooo good," yawpings.
The wood-fired pizzas were really tasty. The Salumeria had a nice crispy crust with a touch of char, covered in bright, sweet San Marzano tomatoes, mozzarella, salami, and salty Sicilian olives. The Porchetta, too, hit the spot. You know, the spot that cries out for roasted pork, whipped lardo, farmers cheese and a drizzle of honey? Yeah, that's the one.
We dug that juicy true-medium, bone marrow infused burger as well... We were feasting...
But we all agreed that our favorite, favorite part of the meal was actually what we started with, which was the meat charcuterie plate. 
Listen, I'm always happy to see prociutto di Parma. And I love salumi as well. My door is always open to you glorious meats, and you know it. Kennett's charcuterie meat plate provided them both but also a arrived with a small mason jar of fantastic organic chicken liver mousse, topped with sherried cherries and then also a nice thick slice of pressed duck and pork belly terrine too. This is where much of the potentially embarrassing table-slapping occurred. Big fans, big fans... Risking mad gout we could eat that all in copious amounts.
I have the propensity to write many a list. I am so inclined. Not just here, mind ye. Everywhere. In fact, it happens often that I find one that I don't even remember writing. For instance, not too long ago I happened upon a note in my phone. It was entitled, "Immediate Grocery List." It only had one entry which was: "Whiskey." 
Hmm...Curious. What was goin on that day, I wonder? Lots of smart stuff, I bet.
Anyway, there's a little list that I found myself composing in my mind immdeiately after enjoying a brother taking me out for a birthday time:
~Things that I Like About Kennett~
-Everything.The restaurant was great. The atmosphere is very warm and inviting especially with the wood oven burning.  The food was delicious.  There is a good amount of space for a larger group at the back. Service was good.One of the best bar/restaurants in all of Philly.  Very creative and well executed use of local ingredients, great beer list with a local focus, and unique drink list (the For Locals is awesome). We really respect their healthy preparations and selections, as opposed to the more common reliance on a fryer.  We come almost every week and the staff treat us like family.    
I would put the beans and toast, burger, gnocchi and the bacon pancakes up against any similar plate in the city.  And the bread pudding dessert is insanely good.  
The ideal manifestation of what makes Philly eating special and a great representation of Queen Village.Great restaurant! So many vegan options with great legume and vegetable dishes. If you can get a seat next to the pizza oven do it. Wonderful neighborhood restaurant that is casual but still really refined.Man, I wish this was my neighborhood bar.  They do it right: food, service, and drinks.  Awesome, again!I love Kennett.
This is the time of year for warm soup.   Since I don't eat chicken or beef, most restaurant soups I never try because they almost always have a meat based stock.    Not at Kennett.   At least every time I've asked, it's been veg.   
Tonight, French Onion soup - so good.
Last week, it was a Cauliflower puree with chili.  
We shared a pizza - tasty as usual and a dessert, a ginger loaf (with a fancy name I forget) with mint chocolate chip ice cream.  I thought the dessert was fantastic.
Also had iced peach/green tea tonight and it was too sweet for my taste.  The awesome waitress noticed I didn't drink much of it, asked if it was too sweet, then offered to mix it with club soda - that's how she likes it.  Rock on. Perfect.Such a pleasant experience everything was delicious and the staff were super friendly.If you say to yourself, "lets be nicer. maybe she just had a miscarriage in the bathroom." when you talk about your waitress, you may be in trouble. The waitress was definitely having an off night from the moment it took 20 minutes for our cocktails to arrive (with the bar RIGHT in front of us), to her coming over every seven minutes trying to take away our food (are you done? are you done now? are you done noooow?-- like she was trying to bully us out of the restaurant), to her giving us the wrong check... Off, off, off. But okay, that happens... what about the food?
Ummm, not consistent... I had great oysters from NY and my friend had what she claimed was a delicious kale soup, but then our pizza was not exciting. A little burnt. Heavy on the black pepper which was weird. But then we had the sticky toffee pudding and it was so super tasty... So yeah. I'll def come back and try new things.
P.S. Their cocktail and drinks in general look great. However, the bloody mary ain't that great. Or as my friend succinctly described it: "undrinkable." 
Kennett, we'll be back. Bring it.Wow. I can't get enough. Been here a goodly amount of times for all sorts of seasonal tasty bits (and I mean that literally since the menu ranges from brawn to broad beans). All the gastro-essentials of my life - pork, cheese, eggs and seasonal vedge - are dealt out with ace skills here. 
Exciting cocktails (w/ homemade concoctions like sweet potato shrub) and a fun regionally-centric beer list make this place a keeper. 
Always reliable and surprisingly affordable brunch too.I was in the area & decided to try Kennett for dinner based on the good reviews.  It was not good.  It's a shame, because I was really excited for the brick oven pizza.  The 2 of us split 2 pizzas. The crust was flavorless and cardboard-like.  The sauce on the Margherita tasted like straight up plain tomato paste. I can appreciate a simple Margherita made with San Marzano sauce, but this tasted like nasty flavorless paste.  The porchetta pizza was inconsistent: some bites were super tasty, others just tasted like unseasoned pork as if the ingredients weren't distributed evenly.
Then there's the atmosphere.  It was creepy.  I like dark and cozy but this was dark and cold.  The dim lights were giving off a cold blue glow. It felt like a serial killer's basement. The beer list was decent and the service was fine. I won't be returning.The service here really is great. I love Queen Village and I love this restaurant. I was here with some friends, who may or may not have been obnoxious (from New York) and I was worried, but in the end everything worked out. I was impressed with all the dishes we ordered!We came here based on yelp recommendations. 
Something about the atmosphere felt awkward.  We walked in and told them we wanted to sit inside.  They sat the four of us at 2 small round tables in the bar area which we found a little odd considering there was a whole dining area with plenty of empty tables available. But this turned out to be ok since we got to watch some of the World Cup.  And, the service ended up being nice and attentive.  
I have been craving a hamburger for a long time now so that's what I ordered. It was cooked perfectly, really juicy and delicious.  highly recommendedI was here a few weeks ago. Food was great. 1 star for charging $11 for a shot of Root. An entire bottle is around $30 in a state store. Other stuff from the bar seemed priced a little higher than normal, but still reasonable. $11 seems excessive.I loved this place, however, there were two really rude ladies that came in and seemed to know the bartender, they were bartenders and they sat there laughing at me and my date like children. They sat right next to us. It was the most obnoxious thing I've dealt with ever, they were blatantly making fun of us. I was drinking water, perhaps they thought I was too cheap to order a drink? I don't know, and I don't care. What they didn't know was that I had already ordered drinks and didn't feel like drinking anymore. We still left a tip, a generous tip! Who are they anyway?! It definitely cast a shadow on what would've been an otherwise wonderful experience, beware of two horrible, catty, rude women that frequent this establishment.Let me start by saying I would club a baby seal for the lamburger at Kennett. It is one of the most perfectly balanced dishes I have ever had at any Pub style bar (second only to the Chicken Pie at the Standard Tap - I would feel like I was cheating if I didn't say that.) My boyfriend, who is most definitely NOT a foodie (he can't really tell the difference between parsley and spinach) even said that this was the best BURGER he ever had. Period. 
While I think I have a pretty hearty appetite I hate wasting food, and often a burger served with a mound of starchy fries is just way too much for me. So the fact that you have an option of slaw or cucumber salad really pleases me. The rest of the menu follows that same paradigm: locally sourced and humanely raised meats, paired with appropriate, seasonal veggies and libations. And, as someone who heard about Kennett through my affiliation with the environmental group Green Limbs I have a lot of respect for their efforts to go as green as they can with their operations. 
Kennett is definitely worth 5 stars for its food and service (especially the male bartender I've had all three times I've been there), but I was put off by a loud food rep. that I sat next to the last time I went. She sprawled her stuff all over the bar when I got up to go to the bathroom. Then, to make things worse, after scooting away from her the manager asked me if I would move back so there was room for other customers. (There were easily 8 available tables in the dining area.) 
That's a good way to get me to leave and never come back, unless of course I have some lamburger deficiency emergency in the future.Absolutely some of the best farm to table food preperations you'll find. It was as if everything was better than the last.....The service was attentive, the selections from the bar were sublime as well. A must do after a trip to the Headhouse Market in Society Hillthe food here is very good and the price is very fair.  not too loud, not too crowded.  great neighborhood spot that we will definitely return to.  the menu is also quite diverse which is refreshingI've moved East of Broad and South of South- which means block after block of new restaurants to try at my convenience!
It's not very often that you lie awake in bed thinking about how lovely your dinner was hours prior. After a VERY long Saturday of moving from GradHo/RittSq to Queen Village, we stumbled over to Kennett for some grub and a much-deserved beer.
The ambiance is lovely. You can see the wood-burning pizza oven from the dining area, and the lights are just dim enough to feel homey without going blind from squinting at the menu (I'm looking at you, Sidecar). The large wood tables make you feel like you're eating at someone's lake house. Rumor has it, Kennett is aiming to be Philly's first 100% "green" restaurant. Kudos.
The prices are extremely reasonable (9% craft beer, $6.50; veggie burger, $10) and our waitress was cute and friendly . The burger was comprised of flavors I had never tasted in a veggie burger before. All restaurant patties seem to be one of two flavors: Mediterranean chickpea, or Southwestern black bean. This had "wheat berries, red bean, walnuts, sunflower seeds, and spicy 1,000 island dressing" to quote from the menu. It had a very hearty texture. They were out of greens for the night and replaced the side with potato salad, which was out of this world. Light, flavorful and almost crunchy, it was the perfect accompaniment to a casual dinner and I think Kennett should offer it as a permanent side!
I'm very much looking forward to trying out brunch!Solid neighborhood spot for good drinks and nice atmosphere.
We've been here twice, but definitely plan to go back. We love the drink menu; they have some really neat cocktails (I always go back to the Starbreathed--it's delicious & doesn't make you feel like you're drinking a pound of sugar). Dinner is okay, definitely a solid meal, but not sure if it's worth the price. That combined with the uncomfortable bench seating is why I'm not giving it 5 stars. Otherwise, I really love Kennett, and it's likely to become our go-to drink spot when we want to bring friends to a classy place in the neighborhood.thursday night
no garbage pickup because of the holiday
a short walk down 2 street we go to try out kennett
the new gastro pub 
very nice and comfortable
great bar in front w/tv
dark and relaxing dining room in back
everyone made us feel at home
especially erin
everything we had was very very good
even the shared beet salad
i run hot and cold on beets
salmon with white beans was excellent
i love salmon
i love beans
together, heaven
pork with flour gnocchi and winter vegetables 
satisfied the cravings of my love
we will return
maybe after they pick up the garbage 
in the spring
ps, they are having bobby burns day on tuesday january 25my girlfriend and I stopped by for an early dinner and it was surprisingly empty for a Sunday afternoon. 
We ordered Duffy's aviation, lemonade, beans on toast, gnocchi, and one of their daily specials. it's snapper and English peas salad. The snapper was so delicious! the skin was fried (or baked) to a degree that it was crispy but not over cooked. but i'm not sure if i'm a fan of the English peas salad...
Duffy's aviation is perfect for summer. Beans on toast is very impressive! the big white beans and kidney beans! oh my sweet lord! when you cut the fried egg on top, the egg yolk flowed out and spread over the beans and sneaked into the wholes in the toast. yuuuuuuuuuuuuum! 
will def go back for the lamb burger or veggie burger and pizza and cucumber soup!!!I don't know what it is but I've recently been craving nothing but charcuterie plates. If i see it on the menu, it basically distracts me from all other items on the menu. Sometimes the sampler is disappointing but Kennett had a pretty awesome spread.
I guess that doesn't tell you all that much about Kennett unless you're on the same kick as I am, so I guess I can add that my bf ordered the chicken entree w/ a brussels sprout app and thought it was rather tasty. As for service, the waitress was very friendly and quite attentive. Made my meal that much more enjoyable.
I'd definitely return.A great new addition to the neighborhood.  My daughter and I shared a pizza, asparagus and a desert, and all were excellent.  Indeed, the tomato sauce on the pizza was probably the best I've tasted -- sweet, tangy, just the right thickness.  
And, as icing on the cake, the prices are very reasonable and the staff is tremendously friendly.Kennett had a Philly Beer Week event that was sort of a flop. Friends and I went here for their sour beer brunch and no sour beers were on tap. Something went wrong so the tap list wasn't as expected. There were some other interesting things on tap, but the ones we wanted were all kicked. So we settled for random beers, they were fairly poor. One saison was totally flat. Food menu looked great, but we had already eaten. The seating in the bar area against the wall on the bench was really shallow and poorly planned. Uncomfortable. Bartender seemed to have an attitude, but then again the event was screwed up so makes sense. Looks like they are big on craft cocktails. Trendy, upscale place; enough special and local beer to be added to RB (Oxbow, Stillwater, Shawnee, Yards), but not a place I'd recommend for beer. Maybe for food it rocks, wouldn't doubt it.I'm so happy we finally stopped in here, seeing as it's in the neighborhood.
I only took off a star for the laissez-faire, confused manner of the wait staff when we walked in.  There was no hostess. The bartender sat us down, gave us menus and took our order but later, a different woman was our server.  To be fair, we went for a super early 5:30 dinner on a Friday and it was pretty dead.  Besides the 3 people at the bar and the 2 guys at an outside table, we were the only other patrons in the whole place- so maybe our early arrival caught them off guard.  I don't know.  It didn't spoil my dinner by any means.  
We sat at a booth right by the exposed brick pizza oven.  I really liked the cozy pub feel to the place.  I would love to visit back here in the fall.
Prices were reasonable and we made it in time for the happy hour of half-priced drinks that ended at 7.  Menu reminded me of St. Stephen's Green a bit.  Decent beer selection.  I'm mad we didn't get any of the pizzas since they seem to be the most popular menu items.  For an appetizer, we each got the steak fajitas.  Weird choice for an appetizer but still super delicious.  The meat was tender and flavorful and on a bed of caramelized onions and peppers, with fresh tortillas and a homemade sour cream.
The burgers were spot on- great bun selection (this is important!) and actually cooked to my requested medium instead of well done like most places do.  Fries were good, too.  Pretty big burger for the price.
The menu was varied and everything sounded delicious so I definitely plan on coming back here in the future.It's cute and cozy, and the food is great. My husband and I shared the cheese plate (the cheddar was my favorite) and I had the gnocchi while he had the porchetta pizza. For dessert I had an apple crisp with some really delicious maple walnut ice cream, and my husband had the sticky toffee pudding, which is actually more like a sticky bun than pudding. Drinkwise, they have a well-balanced selection of beers. I had the Dock Street Pumpkin. Our waiter was friendly and the manager seems like a nice guy two.
I appreciate that Kennett takes the time to seek out local ingredients, but I felt like our meal was slightly over priced. That, and the tattooed female bartender who talked LOUDLY throughout our meal about her digestive problems and the pitbulls she had rescued or was planning to rescue... kinda detracted.This is one of my favorite places in town for it's charming ambiance (converted row home with unique original architectural details and wood burning oven glowing throughout the space).  Their beer list is top notch and always interesting.  They are one of the few places in town where I find Southampton or Anderson Valley beers.  The food is all good but the lamb burger is a standout and the toffee bread pudding is addictive.in just a little over a year of being in biz, kennett has become a staple in my restaurant repertoire. with plenty of veg-friendly fare and a truly legit farm-to-table menu (on my most recent visit, i witnessed farmers from a mere 80 miles away delivering fresh meats & vegetables!), i was already sold on kennett before ever setting foot inside. and once i did, the love affair has continued to blossom.
until today, all of my visits had been for dinner. and with many visits under my belt, i have now ordered every single veg item on the menu, save for the gnocchi (which obvs must be what i order next). their wood fired oven, which can be seen from the intimate (read: date spot!) dining room, delivers delicious pizzas like the margherita, & tomato pie...and meaty varieties, too. 
in the mood for a burger? the homemade veggie pattie made with wheatberries, nuts & beans may be messy, but is one of the tastiest veg burgers i've had in philly, even when eating with fork & knife ;) friends have had only rave reviews for the lamb burger....and a not-so-regular ol' hamburger is also available for those who are somewhat less adventurous.
the kale salad, lentil salad, beans on toast and brussels/sunchokes (sans bacon) have all been lovely....but my faves of the small plates are the beets & feta and the parsnips. oh, the parsnips! roasted with fresh herbs and thinly shaved parmesan, they are simply...heavenly. so much so that i order them EVERY time i dine here, including today's brunch.
so yes - brunch! my friend and i both went "the basic" which is anything but. 2 fried eggs (what a difference deliciously farm fresh eggs can make!) served with potatoes (mixed with sweet red peppers and caramelized onions) & toast (of the sliced baguette variety) is $10, and well worth it. pair that with a veggie-laden bloody AND LIVE JAZZ (yes, really!), and you've got yourself some weekend brunch perfection.  
last but not least: sticky. toffee. pudding. it boasts vanilla ice cream from franklin fountain, need i say more?We have been to kennet 4 times,  for the most part i would say the food is a 4 I had one bad day where all the meals were very mediocre the chicken was over cooked and the other meals were all under seasoned and just bland.  The other three days the food was all very good, chili was solid, pizza on point and flank steak very tasty , brussel sprouts oh so good and the toffee pudding dessert is really awesome.   The last occasion the service was pretty horrid.    
The place was pretty empty maybe 5 tables of people.  We sat down and did not get a menu or a drink for almost 10 minutes.The people who sat down after us had drinks and food before us we rarely saw the waitress and when we did she was on the phone walking past.  We were never asked if we needed or wanted anything except for the one time the bartender came over to ask if we would like another drink.    He also came over to get us drinks/menus and talk about the specials after he noticed us sitting for a bit. 
 If I ever decide to go again I will sit at the bar and order food.   On the other occasions we went the service was only acceptable at best as well.  
They are only getting 3 stars because the food is a 4 and they have a nice beer selection.
Bring a sweater the place is always cold inside at least during the winter it is, which is kind of confusing considering they have a brick pizza oven.Had such a great dinner here, would recommend to anyone. Started with the kale salad, delicious. Greens have a nice bite to them and the squash and cheese give it body and great taste. Had a special pizza with pepperoni and olives and the crust was soooo good. Crispy and charred to perfection. The gnocchi might have been my favorite. The bitter greens tasted like Brussels sprouts and I couldn't have been happier. It was something I'd order again and again. Price was great too. Service was good, not sure about the negative service reviews.I came to Kennett on the first night of their soft opening with the expectation that, like all newly opened restaurants, there would be some flaws to overlook. Boy, was I wrong. 
First of all, it is hard to believe that this Phoenix rose from the ashes left by The Lyon's Den. The atmosphere is cozy, dark, warm...welcoming. There were couples on dates, a large group celebrating a birthday, and families out to dinner. None of them seemed out of place. 
The menu featured a bunch of items that fit into my favorite profile: familiar-yet-progressive. Burgers with bone marrow, vanilla barley, risotto with walnuts and Gorgonzola, lamb burger with cucumber and yogurt...just to name a few. The entire menu is approachable, and everything I tasted was delicious. 
The beer list, as you might expect, is mostly local, which is always a plus in my book. I hear the cocktail list was created in part by Phoebe of Chick's, and the drinks my mom and wife enjoyed were met with rave reviews. There also appears to be a solid wine list, although we did not sample any. 
The highlight of my wife's night was dessert (it usually is). We sampled each of the three on the menu: Bourbon ice cream with Chocolate Bark, Raspberry Jam and Semolina, and Sticky Toffee Pudding. If it were socially acceptable, my wife would drape herself in velvet and order four servings of the Sticky Toffee Pudding. It was that good. 
So, not really so much to work out after all. We plan on going back again and again.I am done with this place. I've been here 6-8 times and I want it to be good because it's close by, but yesterday sealed the deal. Went with my wife and Mom who was here for a visit. We grabbed a table outside. Waitress came by and said "Are you just three?". "Yes". "Wellll...these tables are usually for four, but you're fine." "Ok, thanks." "Are you eating?" "No, just having cocktails." "Wellll...these tables are usually reserved for people that are eating..."
Me to wife: Should we go somewhere else?
Waitress: No, no! You're fine. 
I'm not fine. I don't feel welcome, I feel awkward. Now I'm pissed for feeling awkward. I'm not giving my money to this place. We leave and go down the street where they are happy to accommodate.
Last time we went it was us and the wife's parents on a Sunday. All we all needed was a Bloody Mary. They had run out of Bloody Mary mix. Time before that, ate overcooked pizza, with weird dried out meat. Time before that, a way overpriced under portioned charcuterie plate. Peace out, Kennett.I went to Kennett for an early dinner on a snow day (1/28/11).  The atmosphere was cozy and comfortable and the menu current, seasonal and focused.  The beer and cocktail list were well curated.  When we arrived, there were three other tables seated and we were seated at a two top.  My friend received a text that another friend was in the area and wanted to join us.  Upon receiving our entrees, we alerted the waiter that we would be expecting a third.  There were still at least six empty tables.  The manager (?) returned to our table and while were mid-bite in our meals, asked us to move to a different table!   Our very professional waiter was clearly horrified that this was done.  He apologized repeatedly and comped dessert.  
Aside from that giant faux pas, the lamb burger was good but didn't knock my socks off for the price.Great joint. Great service, great food. Quality people. A high quality option in Queen Village.Um, does Kennett have a farm in its backyard?  I didn't know those were allowed in Queen Village.  It must, because every single ingredient tasted so fresh and handpicked with care.  This place conjures up every buzz word you can think of: local, organic, sustainable, etc., etc. and it has a great soundtrack to boot.  In short - foodie brunch heaven.  But how long until it gets packed Morning Glory/Sabrina's style?
I went here with a group on Saturday based on a recommendation for Philly Yelp CM Michelle C. Thank you, Michelle. Everything, down to the honey wheat bread, was made with such care and attention to detail it almost brought a tear to my eye.  I was really impressed by the layers of flavor in each element of my English Breakfast. The winner, however, was the Italian Breakfast - the homemade gnocchi and roasted root vegetables were divine. 
Yet my favorite part of Kennett is the layout of the kitchen. The chef works close to the dining area in an adorable, unpretentious space - it makes you feel like you're at home with a personal chef cooking for you, as opposed to a restaurant.
Cannot wait to come back here for dinner.If you live in the neighborhood, this restaurant definitely will be in the rotation.  But if you are making a trek to try Kennett, it may not be worth the effort.
First off, let me say that I adored my kale salad.  It was so bright and flavorful and healthy.  Easily my favorite item of the evening.  My friends all seemed to love their apps as well, so this definitely might be a place to check out if you are interested in some small plates.
But the mains did not speak to me.  I decided to try the lamb burger, medium well.  Everyone sneered at me, but sorry, I don't do rare.  At least I prefer not to.  Unfortunately, my burger (and my husband who ordered medium well also) came out closer to medium rare.  Despite not being cooked to order, it was edible.  The bun and toppings were tasty, but overall, I was underwhelmed.  Sure I could have sent the burger back, but I was famished and didn't want to have to wait another twenty minutes.  
Service was friendly and attentive.
I'd say make the trip at least once and give it a try for yourself if you want a decent, locally sourced meal.I went here for the first time tonight and was overall very impressed.  It's a little pricey but if you look on their website you find that they pay their workers a "living wage."  I'm not sure what that wage is but that may account for the cost of the food.
I wasn't blown away by the appetizer of brussels sprouts, sunchokes and bacon ($9.50, re: priciness, and it wasn't a very large portion), but it was very good and made me want to start buying sunchokes for home use.
Then came the "porchetta" pizza with pulled pork, farmers cheese and WHIPPED LARDO.  As I just learned myself, lardo isn't the same thing as lard, but it's close enough.  This was delicious but absolutely decadent and even though I'm a $%^&ing glutton it was a bit too much, even for me.  I would like to warn you all that you should plan on sharing this if you order it.
To "cut" the heaviness of the pizza (as ridiculous as it sounds to use that term in this context) I decided to allow myself to split a dessert of sticky toffee pudding a la mode.  Amazingly good, it paired very well with my third and final beer of the evening, a porter which the menu told me had "toffee notes."  
I also sampled my sister's lamb burger and it was perfectly juicy and full of flavor.  The place's menu is really well thought-out and the wine selection also looks great--a big plus for a Philly gastropub, since many others lack wine.  Depending on what you order you could consider this place to be more like a Tria than a Royal Tavern.  They also have cheese and charcuterie plates and a few "restaurant" entrees.
The place is very classic-looking and has a pleasant warm feeling about it.  If you go on a weekend be prepared to have to wait for a table.  We sat at one of the little two-person tables by the bar, which are a little awkward since you have to sit next to each other in a booth instead of opposite, but at least it's an efficient use of space.
Ideally I'd give 4.5 stars but it's worth rounding it up.Brunch! When you work hard all week and have an over-scheduled weekend, brunch is the pause that refreshes and as such, should not be trifled with. 
So when I heard Kennett offered brunch, and so close to home, I had to go. There is a set brunch menu as well as a few options available from the standard menu including, pizza, burgers, a few salads and their boards. 
My buddy, usually a fancier of a full English breakfast had the Italian breakfast and raved over pillow soft gnocchi and slow roasted pork. Determined to balance out the sin of consuming thee mimosas with culinary piety, ordered the veggie board. How does one describe it? I think, "board of infinite yumminess" will do. Veggies, grilled, curried, spiced, relished and finished with a dollop of grapefruit curd was as filling as a burger without weighing me down. I felt smug & virtuous. Gotta say burgers looked tasty as they made their way to a party seated outside, as did the pizza.
Cant understand reviews that were negative on service and food as both were great, but hey, it takes all kinds. I just found the whole vibe comfortably chilled.
Word of warning, their website says they open at 10, but it really is 11. We arrived early, left when they weren't quite open, but then returned. And returning is what I shall do....maybe this weekend.The interior is sleek yet rustic, and makes you feel hip yet not too over the top so as to come off as pretentious. For a starter we went with the roasted parsnips. Although this is something I would usually never order, I was really impressed with how good they were. They came out as beautiful heirloom parsnips which they roasted until perfectly tender, finished with pepper, herbs, and some shaved parm. They were almost like roasted fries. Absolutely delicious. They also had some fennel fronds in there which added an interesting twist. I would definitely order this one again. 
Everyone at the table was in the mood for a burger, which was good because the pizza oven is not yet operational, and so we ordered two lamb burgers and two hamburgers. 
The hamburger consists of bone marrow, salt & pepper, pickled onion, lettuce, and anchovy mayonnaise. Its simplicity is what makes it so magical. Earthy, rich ingredients, and most importantly, a perfectly cooked medium rare burger makes this one of the most delicious I have had anywhere. When I first dove in, the anchovy mayo was a bit overwhelming, but when it was given just a minute more to heat up and slightly dissolve into the warm meat and soak into the bun, it was sublime. I had to consciously stop for a minute or I would have eaten this little piece of heaven far too quickly, which was good, because I then had the opportunity to seize my next victim, the lamb burger. 
The lamb burger might have even been better than its beefy counterpart. Seriously. Once again, they saved the burger from traditional overcrowding and let the quality of the components shine. The smoked paprika, cucumber and yogurt slaw with capers, shaved onion, purple cabbage, and toasted cumin was the perfect accompaniment for the rich lamb, and once again, the roll saved the day by keeping everything together. Hearty enough to stand up to the natural juices, yet not so much so that you were just chewing roll, it was perfect. Like the hamburger, the lamb was cooked to a perfect medium rare. This is probably the most amazing part of the meal. It's been quite some time since a place has gotten medium rare perfect, much less gone four-for-four on the temperature scale. Both burgers are served simply with a side of braised collards and a pickle. Nothing more needed. Cheers to you, Kennett. You certainly have my heart and my stomach for the moment.Brought my girlfriend and her daughter here for brunch.  Had some root beer on tap, beets and feta - awesome! Brussels sprouts were great and everyone loved the pizza!! Definitly coming back!Another great addition to the neighborhood!  We arrived around 9:30 and there was a big bar crowd; only one bar table open and almost (if not) all bar seats were full.  There are two TVs in the bar area then a dining room in the back with seats for about 25.  There was a good mix of people and all seemed to be enjoying themselves and their meals.  
My wife and I decided to go for a mix of plates to get a good sampling of the menu.  We split two "small plates" which weren't really small at all, the portions were sizable.  We went for the roasted chickpeas in olive oil, finished with whole milk yogurt, herbs, smoked paprika, and citrus - unreal.  We're both big chickpea fans (odd to read, yes I know), probably to the point that if chickpeas could they would get a restraining order, and this dish didn't disappoint.  We also had the brussel sprouts and sunchokes which were pan roasted til caramelized and crispy, with crushed coriander, bacon, and sherry.  Unlike most dishes like this these guys didn't skimp on the bacon - amazing quality and abundant in the dish.
We also split the lamb burger with smoked paprika, cucumber and yogurt slaw with capers, shaved onion, purple cabbage, and toasted cumin.  The meat was the shining star here and it was cooked to perfection.  The patty was perfectly juicy and the condiments didn't overpower the meat at all - a perfect burger in my opinion.  The only minor disappointment in the meal was the collard greens which came with the burger, its not that they were bad, but being from the south...they could use some serious seasoning...slide some of that bacon from the bussel sprouts in there man...
There is also a great beer list, mostly local, a stellar cocktail list and solid wine list.  My wife's beer was at a good, perfectly chilly temperature but both of my selections came out a bit on the warm side.  Both were tasty and I slurped them down pretty fast, but it was odd to have both the cask and an ESB which were just barely chilled.
The brick oven isn't functioning yet, but when its complete they will feature three different options; they hope to have it up and running in a week or two.  Also, just for FYI, they serve the full menu until 11 then they will switch over to the three burger options, a couple salads, and will have the three pizzas available for purchase as well.
This is a really great inviting spot and I am really happy to have it in the neighborhood.  Everyone was really friendly from our waiter to the owner and I look forward to watching them grow.  If their first week is any indicator this is going to be a great spot....Neighborhood gem. All food is organic, original and uniquely delicious. I come here at least once a week and everyone is friendly, laid back and its always a great experience.This is a 4.5 star joint. 
I am another person who went to Kennett twice in one week. The first time was a few days ago, with a friend. The bartender (who is apparently leaving Kennett) was very friendly & knowledgeable. On her suggestion, I ordered the Remember the Maine cocktail, a whiskey-based cocktail with absinthe (which I'm a sucker for), cherry heering, and a house brandied-cherry garnish (which really was the cherry-bomb). This drink was perfect. I followed this up with a beer cocktail, The Queen's English, which was good, although it contains too much apple cider (I had the urge to ask the bartender to drop the cider, increase the lemon juice a little, and substitute iced tea for cider). My friend ordered two draught beers and was happy with them and the bartender's knowledge of beer.
We ordered an heirloom salad that day, which was incredible. The crown jewel of this salad is the olive oil mousse (okay, it's actually called an olive oil whipped cream, but I like mousse better). We decided to have brunch here the next day after seeing the girl next to us order the beans & toast, which looked delectable.
Fast forward to the next day, and a few of us had brunch. We were seated in the back, by the wood-fired grill, which adds a nice touch. My friend ordered the beans & toast (the "toast" in this dish is a thick brioche, topped with white beans and a perfectly cooked egg). I'm not sure the egg provides enough dressing, but she was satisfied. 
I had the house-cured salmon and toast. It was just okay. The yogurt dressing was phenomenal. The salmon, however, was not that fresh, certainly not in the league of the whole-fish deli salmon I was expecting. 
My other friend ordered the gnocchi, which was great. We also ordered a pizza as an appetizer (the Margherita), which was good, not great (good crust, good tomato sauce flavor, decent cheese/overall taste).
We all had bloody marys. They were fine, but not on par with the other drinks we got at Kennett.
Oh, and our service on the brunch day was not great. The waitress kept getting confused and just wasn't on the ball. She seemed to get annoyed when--after serving me the dregs of the reminder of a pot of coffee and then telling us she was making a fresh pot--I asked to trade my tepid coffee for some from the fresh batch. Certainly not the stellar service we'd had the day before. 
Overall, though, our experiences at Kennett were great. I definitely had the urge to try everything on the menu after eating the heirloom salad.Headline: TERRIBLE SERVICE. Like, literally, the worst ever. Okay food.
Booked this for a brunch for my wife's birthday with several of our friends after reading great things on Philly Mag and other best-of lists. The restaurant was empty when we walked in and the bartender seemed completely disinterested in seating us, so we sat ourselves.  When the bartender finally came over to take our orders (again, we were her ONLY CUSTOMERS), she had no problem expressing her impatience with us as we asked very simple, legitimate questions (for example, "are you serving the whole menu or just brunch?").  After taking our orders, we had to go to the bar several times to place drink orders because the bartender refused to come to us.  After an hour of patiently waiting, I approached the bartender and asked, "how's the food coming?".  She responded "It's coming... We have a small kitchen and two guys back there, so be patient. We're not McDonald's!!".  When the food finally arrived, she yelled "HEY!!!" to get our attention and ask who ordered what. The room went quiet; the woman was SCREAMING at us.  On top of that, she spilled oil from one of the pizzas in my friend's hair. When he asked for a free drink to accommodate for the inconvenience, she firmly said "no" and walked away.
I can not get over this woman. You are in customer service and we were your only customers!!!
The food was okay, but nothing exceptional.  Certainly not good enough to overcome the horrendous service.
I am appalled by this experience and hope that this review helps others avoid the TERRIBLE service. 
Bottom line: DO NOT PATRONIZE THIS RESTAURANT.For a neighborhood spot, this place really stands out.  It not only has a mellow bar scene complemented with a great beer selection, but a small dining area that still allows it to feel like a bar.  The food is fresh and original, and again, more than you would expect from a local bar.  With a constantly changing menu, Kennett always offers something different, but for right now I will be making my way back to get that famous lamb burger.If you want a nice lamb burger, this is a right place for you. Order medium or medium rare. It's delicious. We shared pizzas from the brick oven, also pretty good. The place is not huge but nice and quiter compared to other bars. Nice experience overall!Would have given it 5 stars if the seats were a bit more comfortable and they had fries. Loved the food (veggie board was a huge hit) and the chicken was delicious. Fabulous beer selection and very friendly staff. Overall a great neighborhood place!Under new management and ownership! This is not the same Kennett from like a year ago. Food quality has gone down and the service is horrible. Just putting the warning out there ...Another Queen Village bar with excellent, expensive hamburgers. This one also comes with good cocktails. But what I need is a Queen Village bar with better-than-average $6 hamburgers and $2 PBRs. There are NO NEW BARS LIKE THAT. I'm SICK OF GOING TO TATTOOED MOM. PHO IS THE ONLY DECENT CHEAP FOOD AROUND HERE. PLEASE JOHNNY AND ASHLEY SAVE US.I stopped in here for a quick bite pre-Quizzo based on all the great yelp reviews.  I enjoyed everything, but I wasn't wowed.  I had a glass of Gewurztraminer, one of my favorites, and then shared the Brussel sprouts, beans on toast, and the charcuterie plate.   
The brussel sprouts weren't my favorite, compared with American Sardine Bar and Varga, the flavors were only okay, and the bacon was very chewy, and some of the sprouts were undercooked.  The beans on toast was really tasty, and a very different dish.  The charcuterie plate had some delicious prosciutto, and a spicy salami.  
I'll go back if I'm in the neighborhood, but it gets 3 stars for now.Owners Heather Blakeslee, Johnny Della Polla, and Ashley Bohan thought they knew exactly what kind of bar/restaurant was missing from Queen Village, so they just went ahead and made Kennett!  Hallelejuah, brotha!
Taking over the digs of the sad and woe-begotten Lyon's Den, the new Kennett is classy, hip, and decidedly "grown-up".  The beer menu boasts 16 taps plus a hand-cask, the wine menu a thoughtful and reasonably priced selection reminiscent of Chick's, and the proprietary cocktail menu offers over a dozen inventive selections the likes of which haven't been seen in this 'hood since Coquette closed its doors.
The staff is amazingly friendly, clearly a hand-selected best-of-the-best crew operating under a strict owner-enforced (and owner demonstrated!) mantra of  "the customer comes first".  Excellent service is clearly a priority here and they have chosen to make that abundantly obvious at the start of this new venture of theirs.
Still haven't dug into the food, but by all accounts there are winners awaiting us in that menu as well.  We can't wait, and on behalf of the denizens of Queen Village/Pennsport, we thank you Kennett for giving us what we sorely needed.5 Stars! Knowledgable staff! Casey and Carolyn are great. Huge selection of beer and wine. Food was amazing! Lamb burger was excellent. We ordered a bunch of items and shared.... Wood fired pizza! Cheese plate! Must order dessert. Hidden Gem. I love this neighborhood spot.