I'm going to start with saying that Kensington Quarters served the best wild boar pasta I've ever had. The place has a 1940s butcher shop/restaurant feel to it. The service is quick and perceptive, although I came with a larger party no one sat with an empty glass or plate. The food is what new American food should be, clean, delicious, and innovative. Definitely recommend this place.My first time at Kensington Quarters on Friday May 27th. What surprised me , no let me be more specific what confused me was seeing all the beautiful meat in the front case, the only beef option was a burger O.o O.o 
When the kind waiter tried to explain the concept, well I'm still not clear why there is no other choice but burgers. 
My first reaction was insult, just for a half a second, until I got on board with their choices ordered the sword fish, a fish I hadn't eaten since the 80's. None of the other meats offered 
on the menu interested me.
My entree was delicious, the asparagus was cut very tenderly in small pieces yet still maintained the crispness while the sauce was velvety smooth, the swordfish was cut
in pieces which made the dish visually appetizing. 
It was disappointing eating fish while up front in the case, a perfectly trimmed and cut NY strip steak or Porterhouse was just waiting for me to devour it. 
Now would someone please explain this restaurant to me, I was thinking if I bought a piece of meat could I request it cooked by the kitchen for a price of course?
One last thing, the cocktails and wine, my guest and I had a cocktail at another establishment before deciding on trying KQ, so I didn't want to drink but a glass of wine with my meal.
The glass selection was fine, the glass I ordered was good, a red wine, which I prefer to white
but I wanted a white glass of wine. The only other glass was a sherry? 
I wasn't familiar with the kind of sherry it was, I think of sherry it reminds me of a tiny little glass
to drink. I'm only familiar with the amazing sherry vinegar made in Spain. 
Now here's the bad stuff, my guest ordered a Pimm's Cup, just by chance at the other establishment as we were about to order a second round, I was drinking Blue Sapphire and tonic my guest a scotch drinker , I asked the very knowledgeable mixologist if she could make a Pimm's Cup. When she responded favorably I was surprised she knew it. 
So my new favorite knowledgeable mixologist , mixed us up two Pimm's Cups, the most delicious I've ever drank, my guest in full agreement.
My guest liked it so much they ordered one at Kensington Quarters.
To our disappointment, it was a disaster, the color, the lack of garnish but the taste 
was not even close. I admit, it's not a drink ordered often this side of the pond, 
so we both agree to let it slide.
Now back to my original question,
Can someone please explain to me the idea of this place ?
I did buy a bag of beef jerky for my dog who is pictured in my profile, 
she lovvvvved them.
Thank You for a fun evening, the staff were exceptionally pleasant 
Even when I grilled that poor waiter about the place. He was
so kind and patient with me. 
The entire experience was fun, I want to go back but do I have too 
buy the meat and cook it home?
I guess that's an option, 
The display case is soooooo beautiful a carnivore's jewelry case.Loved my birthday dinner at Kensington Quarters! The outdoor patio is a beautiful spot to have some delicious food and wine and catch the sunset with a large group, and if you're lucky the entire patio will serenade you with the sweet musical stylings of the birthday song when the waiter brings out dessert with a candle!
Our waitress was super helpful and guided us in the right direction with which specials to order and which to skip (appreciate the honesty) and which rose would pair well with our first plates (and was affordable). The bartender mixed up some delicious drinks, compete with dramatically clapped thyme and even took requests for mocktails and no egg whites.
The food! Everything tasted so fresh and flavorful and  the portion sizes were just right! 6 ladies shared:
- 6 month aged ham special with snap peas- this ain't your Easter ham. Thinly sliced and nestled within crisp veggies in a light vinaigrette.  Perfect. 
- The swordfish in delicious butter sauce you'll want to eat with a spoon. Crisp radishes and asparagus and greens bathed in butter. Favorite entree. 
- Beet salad- bright, refreshing, with delicious cheese sauce which was put on the side for our pregnant friend).
- Baked brie with pesto sauce and pine nuts- gooey deliciousness.
- Pork shoulder with potato cakes - so tender and delicious. 
-Lamb Bolognese fettucini- so good and a large portion.
- Mushroom lasagna- great flavors,  but not my favorite. 
- Kouign Aman- flaky croissant like pastry with cardamom ice cream and pistachios. Perfect end to the meal and not too heavy. 
With 1 bottle of wine total came to $40 per person with tax and tip which was a great value for all that we got!  Highly recommend, definitely worth the trip to Kensington.Truly a great dinner.
At this point in my life I don't eat a lot of meat (a bit of a "save the planet" combined with a bit of a "don't hurt the animals"), so when I go to a restaurant in order to eat something like a burger or a pork shoulder, it better be exceptional - and here they both were. My wife thought this burger was the best she'd ever had - it was truly great - no toppings other than some fried veggies required!
This restaurant is not pretentious, includes their own butcher shop (hence the amazing quality of their meat), and the dishes overall are top notch. The accompanying vegetables and such were fresh (I believe farm-to-table) and perfectly cooked.
Will definitely take friends here when they visit.Worst poached eggs I've ever eaten (I've had hard boiled eggs that were runnier than this). When I asked the waiter about it, he laughed and walked alway rudely. Unfortunately the tip was included.Terrible service and staff lacking knowledge.  2 pregnant women dined here and staff was not sure which items on the menu contained unpasteurized products.  We were given different answers depending on who we asked.  The menu is overall extremely limited.  Food  was average and pricey.[This review in its' entirety appears on my blog: www.fare-game.net]
The décor is clean, bright and industrial, with exposed pipes and metallics but also brings that butcher aesthetic with a thick wooden bar and tables. Bartenders and servers also wear full aprons, as if they're prepared to step behind the butcher counter and break down a lamb or pig at any moment. An open kitchen and windowed butcher fridge give the place an expansive and accessible feel.  There is also another bar and classroom upstairs that have not officially opened yet.
We sat at the downstairs bar across from the butcher counter and ogled the variety of meats offered while ordering drinks. KQ offers a select choice of drafts, cocktails and wines. While perusing the menu I saw a whole pig get brought in, wrapped in paper, put down on the butcher block and start getting broken down.  If you are not a meat-eater, I hazard to guess this sort of ambience is not your thing and would recommend sitting in the back seating area (but I personally thought it was neat!).  Non-meat offerings are available as the menu is divided into "small plates," "starches, grains, greens," and "entrees."   But like the carnivores that we are, we were there to get some tasty animal flesh!
We stuck to the small plates menu so we could try a few different things.  Here's what we sampled:
 - Maitake Mushroom - the mushrooms were served two ways: as part of a puff pastry that included carmelized onion, and lightly sautéed on a bed of mixed greens with a blue cheese garnish both crumbled and as a sauce on the side. The tart was light and airy and worked well with the subtle blue cheese (gorgonzola dolce I believe) sauce. The whole mushrooms were sautéed to perfection, with the ends having a nice crispy texture. The meatiness of the maitake paired with the crumbled blue cheese and mixed greens and was umami-heaven.
- Rare Beef - [Beef sourced from Wyebrook farm in Honey Brook, PA and Perry County Land & Cattle in New Port, PA]  Rare is not an understatement! With only a slight sear on the outer edges, this reminded me of a tartar but sliced into thin strips instead of finely chopped. Served on top of toasted sourdough and a bed or arugula and dressed very simply with a subtle hint of horseradish, parsley and lemon, the flavors were bright and really allowed the beef to stand out as extremely fresh and flavorful.
- Lamb Ravioli - [Grass fed Lamb sourced from Double Brook farm in Hopewell, NJ] This was a special not on the regular menu, and I'm so glad we chose it as it was by far our favorite dish of the night. Lamb meat and lamb liver were combined into a light and airy mousse within the pasta, tossed in a brown butter reduction and rosemary and topped with aged goat cheese. Seriously all I can say is WOW. This was like a flavor bomb exploded in my mouth! The layers of richness and texture, the strong slightly bitter taste of the aged goat cheese shavings, the soft texture of the pasta combined with the nutty brown butter, and the decadent velvety metallic tang of the liver and meat mousse was just pure perfection. I'm not sure how long this special will be available but I'm deploring you to get it while you can, or better yet KQ, add this to your menu!
Our bartenders were attentive and extremely helpful and kind. We were full on the 3 small plates items but I would like to go back again and try an entrée next time.  KQ is a bit pricy; I wouldn't be able to afford going here all the time but I was extremely satisfied with the portions we received for the price.  I was hoping to get the skinny on when the upstairs classroom will open but they're still in the planning stages with that, the bartender noted.
Kensington Quarters is a great addition to Kensington and I highly recommend it to my carnivore friends!Incredible food. One of the best burgers I've ever had. Great design as well. Highly recommended.Edit: The manager got in touch to thank me for my straight forward review and offer me a gift to make up for the matter. You almost never see that kind of class and appreciation for customers, and it completely makes up for the small inconvenience at dinner. Coupled with the great tasting food, drinks, enjoyable ambiance, and now, top notch service, I feel good upgrading this to 5 stars, it is deserved. 
--
We ordered the meat plate for four. Three of us ate it and were not full. We politely questioned the server about this undesirable circumstance and it was only then that she said people usually order a couple of starters with it. That would have been nice to know ... at the start of our meal. 
BUT. The meats themselves were pretty good, especially the steak and sausages.The service was fantastic and the food was good. Good ambiance for a dinner. Fun menu. I thought the grill plate great value for a family of five. Would go back again!I ate dinner here on a Friday night and had such a great experience. I noticed this place as I passed by a few weeks earlier and was drawn by its appearance. The service,food and decor go perfectly for this up and changing neighborhood. 
Everything is butchered in the restaurant and has a very authentic farm to table feel. The outside seating is where their hidden gem is really at. Try this place before it gets super crowded!Clearly I'm in the minority but I found this place quite pretentious. The waitress was a bit condescending when I asked "no steak on the menu huh?" And she replied "Steak? Eh noooo" as if I were in a vegan restaurant and didn't just pass a butcher counter filled with beef(and a see through locker with hanging cow)The menu was limited and I ordered the beet salad. It was ok but Franky Bradley's reins supreme for roasted beets. For entree, nothing appealed but the pork chop special but that was $55 so I had the mushroom lasagna per many Yelp reviews. It's was bitter and bland and dry. The bf got the burger it was ok. 2 stars for the cocktails and interior. 60 minutes and $150 later, no thanks.Holy paycheck!
Super expensive and comically tiny portions. The food was thankfully -excellent- - we had the minuscule duck entree, burger, mushroom toast app and tiny squash pizza slice  - tiny beer was $7. With 20% tip was $89. 
Shame on us for not checking prices first.... we would have found a different place but we were on a timeline. Have since found out that all Fishtown restaurants are expensive except for dive bars.Boy was I pleasantly surprised for our first trip to Kensington Quarters! I honestly had no idea what to expect. I mean it's a butcher shop but also a restaurant so I really had no idea what exactly to expect...but I was thrilled after our meal! 
First off, the space is really nice. Yes, you walk into a butcher shop but the space is well designed and all of the meat is kept safely behind glass windows. After we sat down in the back, I noticed what looked like a very cool patio that I already can't wait to check out in the warmer weather. 
We decided to share everything which is always the best deal. First to come out was the rare beef with horseradish, sour dough and arugula which was a great start to the meal. The meat was tender and the combination of the horseradish on the bread with arugula was just perfect. It was so bright! Nice start. We then split the pastrami with zeppoli, red cabbage, candied squash. I loved this dish. The combination of flavors were wonderful but really it was the pastrami that was a standout. It melted in your mouth! 
Next were the pasta dishes. I'm not sure who is responsible for making the pasta in  house but lets just say, they know what they're doing. The pig brain ravioli was outstanding. It was rich in flavor but light at the same time. This might have been my favorite dish. Next up was the lamb sausage pappardelle. Again the pasta was perfect! I also really enjoyed the sausage. It was full of flavor but not too salty. Fantastic. 
We finished with the pork shoulder. The shoulder itself was unreal. The char on the outside, the tenderness of the meat...I could go on. It was all perfect. For me, I just didn't love what came with the pork. The potato torta just didn't do anything for me or add to the dish in any way but honestly, that's totally ok because the meat was heaven.  They could have just put the meat on a plate by itself and that would have been fine by me. 
Needless to say, after all of that food, we couldn't even consider dessert but have every intention of coming back soon so hopefully next time we'll save some space to check it out!Excellent steak. Excellent potatoes. Excellent kale. Excellent drinks. Excellent service. Excellent biscuits. What else can I say. Excellent atmosphere. The spicy carrots wasn't spectacular. Everyone seems satisfied. Recommended.You guys, I have to say, I was not blown away by this place! I have been meaning to go for quite some time, trying to attack the top 50 restaurants in Philly. The fiance and I finally had the opportunity to go and I was able to easily make a reservation a few hours before on a Saturday night (first red flag?)
The atmosphere is great and the service was fine. Everything else failed to impress. From the wine to the charcuterie to our entrees. Don't get me wrong, everything tasted GOOD, but the portion size to price ratio was just not worth it. I felt it was way over priced for the quality and experience. 
I'm happy we tried it, but can safely say I don't think we'll go back. There are too many other places in this city worth experiencing! This is on the list, but a one and done deal.This review is for the butcher shop. It's great!! I grew up in the meat business and I will only buy real quality and they are all about it. From quality hamburger to goat chops it rocks. It's not cheap but it's wonderful value. Try there house made charcuterie all of its special but the homemade pepperoni was a revelation!Two words - parsnip ravioli. I have not written a review in years (?) and I back to review this ravioli. HOLY COW! Well, no cow, since I don't eat meat. However, I will still be back to Kensington Quarters for another night of melt in your mouth ravioli (best in my life) and some other pretty taste veggie dishes (baked brie, pear&radicchio salad, harissa carrots). Definitely NOT a cheap place.Took my parents here for dinner. The drinks were delicious and the food was even better! All 3 of us have been dying to come back for the food. It was maybe a little over priced for the portions but still good!We had lunch here today first time ever here and I must say it was excellent.  I ordered the mushroom frittata and the soup was an almond and watercress gazpacho.  everything was delicious just a bit on the salty side which I like but you could probably ask for less salt in preparation.  The frittata was served with a salad of mixed greens it had a very light amount of dressing that was absolutely the most delicious dressing I ever ate!  it was lemon/lime with just a slight hint of sweetness.  I could have had a heaping plate of those greens and nothing else.  Also served with two slices of sourdough bread with ovoo drizzled on them.  The frittata was good as well.  The food is a bit pricey but the atmosphere is pleasant service was very good the restaurant very clean.  Definitely worth it.The food is really good and they serve large portions. The fried chicken was awesome and the mixed grill is delicious and comes with a ton of food. Definitely worth the money.it's pricey! We have no problem spending money at good restaurants and regularly do, but the problem is the portions are incredibly small for the money. Also it's a butcher so why can't I order from many choices of meat?!  One ribeye choice for $75. Takes some guts to put at $75 steak on the menu. This isn't rittenhouse square gentsI really wanted to love this place but....Unfortunately, I didnt. The food was mediocre and HIGHLY over priced. I started with the mushroom toast and the Hungarian Sausage. The mushroom toast was legitimately 1/2 of a piece of toast piled with mushrooms. It was o.k. yet definitely not worth the spend.The sausage was tasty yet you can get the same quality sausage at frank ford hall around the corner for 1/2 the price.  The drinks have interesting names but for $15 I would expect more than the portion and the amount of ice in the drinks. My date had the baked cheese "entree" and by the time she was done she said that it was an"ok appetizer" . I had the pork chop due to the reviews I saw about it. It was overcooked and not too flavorful... Again, I wanted to enjoy this place sooo badly but if you want to spend $100 plus tip (including a couple of happy hour items) , there are many other quality spots in the neighborhood that you can get a higher quality meal.This place is a class act. I told the bartender that there's really no reason to go downtown anymore.
We had small plates: the cheese plate and the beef carpaccio. Both were outstanding! This is the second time I've had small plates there; the first, one back in December was a fantastic parsnip ravioli. I can't remember what I did 10 minutes ago, but I remember that I ate parsnip ravioli at Kensington Quarters in December. 
I had a drink called the Herb Garden: Gin, Yellow Chartreuse, and mint. It was an interesting mix of refreshing summer flavors with a proper amount of gin, unlike many bars that offer house drinks akin to children's drinks that belong in sippy cups (yes, Parc, I'm talking to you). 
This is the second time we've been to the bar, and from someone who has had many cocktails in many bars, I'd put this up there. The bartenders are professionals who take pride in their craft. 
We are looking forward to heading back there again!Based on the yelp reviews and a recommendation from a friend I reserved a table for dinner this past Saturday night. We were seated right away by the very friendly hostess. Passing by the windows of raw meat hanging from hooks on our way to our table was a new experience. Love the atmosphere though. Cocktails were all yummy. Since it was our first visit we went straight for the mixed grille so we could try everything. My party and I agreed that every single piece of meat on that plate was cooked and seasoned to perfection! Just wish there had been a lot more. For a party of 4 hungry people it wasn't quite enough. So then we ordered the ravioli, more crispy potatoes and beat salad. Also very delicious. Our waiter was super sweet. I'll be back.I came here for dinner at 8:30 on a Wednesday night, and there were no tables for two people so we had to sit at a high top placed pretentiously next to a window looking into a freezer with meat hanging on a hook, which is annoying. Plus, the seats annoyingly dug into my back and the tables annoyingly didn't have foot rests.
Also annoying was that the Yelp price range of $$ is not very accurate, at least for dinner. The per-person price for app/dinner/drink is more in the $$$ range, and $$$$ if you opt for the steaks, etc.They claim that their dinner menu is mostly small plates and shareable, though that just seems like an excuse to be annoying and double the price of what are essentially sides, since everyone ends up ordering the entrees anyway. Also, any beer over ~5% ABV is served in a 10 oz. glass rather than 16 oz., which is both annoying and kind of snooty. 
Despite all of this, the food is very, very good, which may be the most annoying thing of all.My second visit here. The Philly weather just caught a glimpse of spring. Patio sitting  in settling sun felt so good. Dining tapas style allowed for sampling multiple dishes. Food was great. Drinks were cold. Service and ambiance perfect.Kensington Quarters is my new favorite spot in Philadelphia; a bold statement, I know. 
Let me start off by stating the obvious: probably not your best option if you are vegan, seeing at this is a butcher shop and meat-centered restaurant! Yet, if you are a carnivorous meat-eater, you will likely fall in love with this place. As I did.
My boyfriend and I dined together and decided upfront to split at least one selection per menu section. I recommend this, as I'm not sure that they have a tasting menu and everything was absolutely outstanding and worth sampling.
CHARCUTERIE: Head Cheese
Warning- this is not cheese! What an amazing cut of meat, though. The cabbage slaw and fennel mayo were absolutely amazing. I can't say more. You must order this.
SMALL PLATES: Roasted Sunchokes
What you might expect from the description. This dish was also prepared extremely well. 100% recommended.
SMALL PLATES: Grilled Beef Heart
Not on the current online menu, but let me say it was my FAVORITE dish of the evening. What looks like a small portion is completely packed with flavor and the meat is just so tender. OMG, I am still dreaming of it.
PASTA: Cannelloni
Seriously outstanding, I am speechless. The goat ragu paired with the goat cheese is incredible. Must. Order.
ENTREES: Pork Shoulder
While this was prepared to perfection (you can cut the meat with a fork), it was my least favorite of the evening. Still amazing, still highly recommended.
We passed on dessert; way too full at that point. But they have a great beer/wine/cocktail list, as well, so this place is really just a win/win.
To make  it a win/win/win, the décor is totally cool and industrial and clean, and I LOVED it. The staff was also super courteous and knowledgeable. And great.
I will definitely go back....when can I go back!?I came here for restaurant week in NoLibs/Fishtown and left feeling stuffed and happy. We made our reservation around the time of happy hour, which made us even contemplate whether to do restaurant week because their prices were so great. However, we decided to stick to our original plan.
To start I got the beet salad with almonds and ricotta. This was so fresh, bright, and surprisingly filling. My friend got the charcuterie board which was small but the chicken liver mousse that was plated oh so beautifully was one of the better ones I have had. 
For my entree I got the pork with the potato latkes and lemon curd. This was good but not mind-blowing. The lemon curd seemed like a superfluous addition and in my opinion did not complement the dish. The pork was a tad too crispy, but was full of flavor. Although is a meat centered establishment my favorite part of this dish was the potatoes.
For desert I got the brownie with mint ice cream. The brownie was alright, what I really didn't enjoy was the ice cream. Using fresh mint, instead of peppermint flavor almost seemed to clash with the brownie. 
Overall, the ambiance, food, and food were above average. I just think next time I'll just come here for happy hour and get some appetizers.Always great to see another restaurant in the Fishtown/Northern Liberties area. 
Great cocktails and concept. A few inconsistency issues however. Service was good but we never received bread. The outdoor seating was nice but we were under constant attack from flies and swarming ants.
The charcuterie plate was nice as well as the spelt with bacon. The pork entrée was ok. The plum tart with Brie ice cream was phenomenal. 
I was surprised that a butcher shop/restaurant didn't have any steak. I honestly don't mind spending over $100.00 per person as long as the experience meets expectations. Unfortunately they fell short here.So I'm back again and I can say that the food has gotten better! it's clean and refreshing and the bar has lots of options! I'll definitely be back for more of their happy hoursAmbiance is great! Nice open space with lots of natural light. My memory is a little hazy in regards to food... except! The mushroom toast!! (In which I haddd to share with the bf) I had the burger for an entree, but wished I just ordered two orders of the mushroom toast! (And no, I wouldn't share even if I had two orders)Good fresh produce, great flavours. Charcuterie board had a great selection of local meats. Main course of pork perfectly cooked although vegetables slightly over salted. Good sized portions. Homemade sour dough was excellent. Friendly service. A good choice if you're in the area.Came in for a drink and appetizer while out on a fishtown foodie adventure. Great ambiance and impeccable service. My husband and I were craving a spicy margarita and the fantastic bartender made us a special off menu spicy marg with muddled long hots!!! Absolutely delicious!! 
Now the reason for only 3 stars. It pains me to say this but the beef tartare was the worst tartare I've ever had. The tartare texture was that of ground beef, ground through a grinder instead of hand chopped. That sticky dry texture was immediately of putting. It lacked any sort of flavor dimension (no yolk, no mustard, no capers) but most of all it wasn't even salted properly. The tartare is paired with house fried chips which had a prominent taste which overpowered the tartare and if the tartare has been good the chips really would have taken away from the dish instead of complementing the beef.The restaurant was empty at 5pm. We sat at a pub table in the bar area. Our waitress was the bartender. Service was quick. During this time, the butcher brought over a plate of 3 slices of housemade mortadella (one for each of us). 
I tried the kielbasa and the fried chicken. I thought there would be more cuts of meats since it's considered a butcher. Regardless, the meats we did have were great! I bought some Andouille sausage to bring home. It's $10/lb, and I got 3 links for $8.15. I think that's a pretty good price for the quality.Finding parking here is difficult because it is in the heart of Northern liberties. Staff was great, very friendly and professional. Atmosphere was nice open and not too crowded. I was really disappointed by the food for the price. Got their lasagna for $18, came out looking like layered puff pastry with sauce in the middle, and did not taste good. My friends got burgers which they all said was not worth $20. Overall too pricey for what they give you. Would not come here againKQ is an amazing restaurant, one I always recommend to anyone visiting Philly. Food, ambiance, and service...yes yes and yes every single time. Special shout out to Tim, the GM, who checks in on tables throughout their stay and ensures a consistently great experience! This place is special. Go!Made another appearance at Kensington and I'm upping my stars. The mushroom toast is divine!!! Perfectly toasted bread, garlicky, salty deliciousness.  Perfect start to a meal! Then went on to have spaghetti pomodoro. Yum Yum Yum Yum YumKQ was above and beyond expectation. As we walked in the door the smokey grilled meat aroma lead us to our table and got us excited for what was to come. We had an idea of what we were in for when we made a reservation at the dual butcher shop restaurant but Kensington Quarters is so much more than delicious, delicious meat. (Which they have plenty of) 
Tim Kweeders wine list is exciting and memorable to say the least. Slightly sparkling PetNat Chardonnay from the Finger Lakes with heirloom tomato toast?! Yes please! 
Beautifully chilled white port with peaches and cream panna cotta?.... I will return for those final bites alone. 
Our awesome server (Andrew?) recommended the shaved lamb leg from the charcuterie section and thank god he did because it was one of our favorite plates of the night. 
A+ all around for Kensington quarters. We can't wait to go back!No longer a fan. Quality ingredients and pricey. After four times of eating here and enjoying my meal, I came back and but they undercooked the burger after we asked for it medium well and pork chop was over cooked inside and tough to chew. I don't think I will be coming back.Friends! Come here for a weekday happy hour 5-7, you won't regret it. My partner and I stopped in on a Wednesday night (the last cool-ish evening before summer really kicks it up a notch) and sat in the back patio. It was not crowded at all (16 adults and a few kids in a space that holds at least 50) and the service was top notch. 
We grabbed a $5 happy hour beer-a really tasty Gose from a brewery in Fairmount-and happy hour cider- the KQ burger (on sale for $10 during HH when usually 20!) and shared the crispy fries. The garlic aioli on the burger and fries was out of this world, and the Kobe beef was so flavorful. We didn't try anything else on the menu, but the burger alone would make me come back again. Great meal!Kensington Quarters was one of the best restaurants I have ever been to. It's a butcher shop/restaurant in Fishtown. The burgers were awesome. Their bread, they bake their own, is as good as Brooklyn, if not better. Sourdough and focaccia was off the hook. PLUS...they have some of the best local beers on tap...amazing dining experience. Would go back in a heartbeat.This place is close to perfection. Food, drinks, scenery, staff and decor are all top notch. I usually go on Tuesdays for their crispy chicken special. If you are starving, go for this dish solo but this is enough to share. Cherry on top: KQ has a nitro beer line. PerfectionVery cool concept with a butcher shop on site. High quality food prepared to perfection. Staff was knowledgable and friendly. Decor was refined. Cost was on par with the high quality of the food and service. Great addition to Philadelphia's restaurant scene.I had the most lovely meal last night at Kensington Quarters.
March 10. 78 degrees. A twinkly-lit and spacious outdoor patio. A glass of cider. And the best damn burger I've had in months (maybe years!).
What makes it the best damn burger?
1. Incredibly fresh meat. You can see the dead cows from inside the restaurant.
2. Perfect meat to bun ratio.
3. It fit in my hands. No mess, no fuss. 
4. An incredibly savory special sauce that sings.
5. They have a charcoal grill, so you get that backyard flavor. 
While my burger came out a little more medium than medium rare like I had ordered, it honestly didn't matter. The flavor was there. And to me, that is big.
Served with pickles and a small portion of rosemary potatoes, this burger will leave you full and immensely satisfied-- but not feeling like you overdid it. 
I am eager to return to KQ.Came here yesterday with some friends and absolutely loved it! It's in a butcher shop which gives it a very interesting vibe (though don't be fooled there are enough veggie options for those who prefer to veer away from meat). The decor is really nice - everything is made of wood, which is quite rustic and prepares you for a hearty meal before you even sit down to eat.
Everything we had was incredibly delicious. For starter I had the chicken terrine (about 10$) which is made of chicken gizzards. I ate it with the bread provided for the table and was in appetizer heaven. For the meal I got the lasagna (16$), made with rich mozzarella and the meat from pork feet - it melted in my mouth! Some of the people with me were a little turned off at the thought of eating pig foot, but when they tried it they were immediately sold which speaks volumes about the dish. The butternut squash also really stood out for me - very very well made and came with a side of sliced pears. I tried various other dishes from the table as well and was impressed with them all so you really can't go wrong with anything on the menu. There are 4 desserts and we tried them all - the dark chocolate was a little spicy for my palette, but the other 3 were so good that I couldn't stop myself from dipping my spoon in despite already being incredibly full.
Our waitress was very patient with our many questions and super personable and funny - she really completed the whole dining experience.
You definitely need to give this place a try!Such a great experience at Kensington Quarters. We were a few minutes earlier for our reservation but they were  ready. The tables are reasonably spaced so that you aren't feeling claustrophobic. The environment is energetic (read: loud) on a Saturday night but we loved that. 
Starters - heirloom tomato salad, brie cheese pot, and beet salad. - ALL Delicious. (The heirloom tomato salad comes with sausage which is a great combo)
Meals - Dry Aged Bone in pork chops (were reportedly delicious), burger (best I've ever had), and pork shoulder (very tender/tasty).
Dessert - The Chocolate cake with mint ice cream was amazing (real mint in the ice cream)
We will inevitably go back.Very COOL place!
KQ Burger.
Head Cheese Grilled Cheese. 
Hungarian Sausage w/ Mustard, Kraut & Potato Salad. 
Everything was OH SO GOOD!!
The perfect spot to get your MEAT ON!!Kensington was out of meat they only buy one cow a week according to the waiter. Burger was good but very skimpy amount of potatoes. They also charge for bread even know we had salad and ravioli too. Won't be back and suspect they won't be around for long.Not my thing to give three stars, but for this place I can't give more... I hoped that the restaurant must be really good, I was buying meat and eggs from butch cheer shop and liked the quality. This place has a new concept and nice layout over all! But... Food was not what we expected, bottle of wine was a big disappointment, plus service was awkward... Wasn't that bad don't get me wrong, but when you ordered bottle of wine for $52 you do expect the right year and right taste of it. We receiver one year younger wine, asked our waiter and he couldn't pull out the answer, than the manager came and said something unclear that it's not there fault... I believe you better change the menu then... The small plates were great, we got lamb leg, beets salad, fritters and cauliflower, very elegant presentation and tasty. For main dish we had very flavorful chicken, nice seasoned pork chop, but so much fat and the actual pork meat was triple less the size of pork chop, delicious mushroom lasagna and the pork shoulder which wasn't great as other plates, no flavor no seasoning at all... Also it's weird that butcher shop restaurant don't serve the steaks, staff said because they were sold out but it's not true at all, every time when I stopped by they have steaks for sale and they could've have one plate for Saturday night dinner! And after we received our check I saw a bread in it, than I asked other waiter if you offer bread, the answer was yes, but our waiter never brought... So that was another little thing which gave not pleasant experience at Kensington Quarters... So sad to give only three stars but this place need improvement, better service and matching wine list... Good luck! And we will be back to give a second chance.The food, the ambiance, the service -- all get A+'s in my book.  Really enjoyed a night out here.  The restaurant/butcher is a cool and unusual concept and they execute each dish with precision.  We really enjoyed each dish that came out and were only disappointed that they were all out of a chocolate/peanut butter dessert that sounded amazing.  Just means we'll have to be back.Went here with my fiance last night as part of several places we hit in Fishtown for dinner. We've walked by KQ several times and it was always on our list of places to try in Fishtown. I have to admit the experience was disappointing. The staff were friendly and it was a cool space. They had a solid selection of beer/wine and cocktails as well. The problem for me was that everything about KQ screams overpriced. This is evident when you take a look at the butchers area at the entrance. They had eggs listed on the board. $7.00 for a dozen. I know people aren't realistically going to buy it, but if you're even offering that it puts a bad taste in my mouth. We got a few small plates, but all the food on the menu came off as too expensive for what was offered. $95 for their featured steak? I have no problem paying for good food, but this just didn't strike me as a place that should be charging that much for a steak. $15 for a cauliflower plate that was barely more than a couple bites? We got the KQ burger as well. The meat was very good. But for $20 I just expected more. I would have wanted something more substantial or more creative at that price point. The potatoes that came with it were decent as well. But again, would have wanted more for that price point. Overall I'm glad I checked this off the list, but I wouldn't go back. You're better off walking around the block to Mulherins if you want a great dinner in the areaKQ is wonderful, from the friendly service and open space setup to the coffee and dynamite food. The menu is a bit pricey but it's one of the rare restaurants where literally every item seemed great. It's super easily accessible by the Market-Frankford Line and they have great happy hour deals. 
I'd say that next time I'll try something new there for some variety but honestly, the KQ burger is just too awesome to pass up. Simple yet elegant with a really nice sauce to bring it home. (Highly recommend ordering some sauce on the side for dipping with the fries.) And its only $10 during happy hour!(To the tune of "I Believe in a Thing Called Love" by The Darkness [confession I may have reviewed to this song before, but I LOVE IT])
I can't explain it, all the things that make up a perfect meal
But thinking 'bout this meat, my god I'm shocked that it's really real.
Feeding you, feeding me....
Eat some zucch then charcuteriiiiiieeeee 
Fishtown holds this local gem
And we're all happy that it's there
Feeding meat lovin' women and men
From well-done to pink, red, rare!
Take one bite and you'll know it's love
Oooooh!
Want that kielbasa, burger, steak, and pork liver pateeeeeeeeee.
I've got those meat sweats bad, but everything is A-oKAY!
Feeding you, feeding me....
Eat some zucch then charcuteriiiiiieeeee 
Head to Frankford for lunch or brunch
Hey, you could even just go for the drinks
Sip some vino, apps to munch
Perfect outdoor space, methinks
Take one bite and you'll know it's love
Oooooh!
I've been to KQ for meats (Pricey, but delish), apps, drinks. Never an actual full meal, now that I think of it, but I've had enough friends come home clutching their full bellies to know it delivers there, too. The ambiance is great, the outdoor garden area is gorgeous, and their cocktails are top notch. You don't go here for a cheap night out, but you do go here for quality, and I've never left disappointed.Epic meal! We had the mushroom toast, which was out of this world, and the beet salad to start. The pork shoulder was delicious!Thank you for knowing how to cook a burger! It was perfect and worth every penny. Beet salad was awesome. Got the brownie sundae dessert... Why was that so good. If I ever need a pms fix; I know where to go.... Only thing we didn't care for were the pickles.. Can't rush a good pickle. But can't wait to go back for more burgers.  And beer  :-)Went on a Saturday, they have amazing charcuterie plates (get the mixed charcuterie- you get everything and it is all delicious!), I especially loved the pate with honey. 
My date and I shared the scallops and pork loin, and we were blown away by both. The pork loin comes with cabbage sauteed in some sort of mustard sauce which was beyond any expectation either of us had. The scallops came salted and with squash which was a great compliment, and though it was delicious, we had never had a pork loin as good as this one! 
For dessert we had an amaro flight. We had never had them before but they gave great recommendations which were all delicious in different ways. Definitely converted us to amaro lovers.Great place to eat in Fishtown, the service was fantastic, food was delicious and the atmosphere and design of the place was great!After numerous amazing dinners at Kensington Quarters, I decided to host a surprise birthday party in their upstairs room for brunch. Let me say, from start to finish was way beyond my expectations. They were so accommodating and very helpful! They certainly know their stuff. The actual party was more than fabulous! All the guests raved and even called later that night for introducing them to Kensington Quarters. The food, service and atmosphere was 100% on point!
Here is a shout out to Sarah and Tim for all they did to make the day so special!Visited this restaurant with friends and out of town colleagues. Both the food, and the warm atmosphere are wonderful, and the wine list is extensive. I really enjoyed the pork shoulder. I don't know the name of our server, but he was really friendly, attentive, and competent. Kensington Quarters is in a cool part of the city, and when you come here, prepare to enjoy yourself.Just dined here for the first time and everything from the service to the food to the drinks to the atmosphere was excellent. We started with the shaved lamb leg which was excellent. Then we had the zucchini ravioli and the baked cheese with pesto which also unbelievably delicious. For entrees we had split the burger and the pheasant lasagna... Also delightful. The burger was rich and incredibly rich and the pheasant lasagna was definitely different but excellent. The corn in it sweetened the dish in a way that was unexpected but also brought it all together. Also, the Sangiovese offered on draft tasted like very good homemade wine and really enhanced the flavor profile of the burger. I am definitely looking forward to returning.I was lucky enough to dine at Kensington Quarters recently. The restaurant was at a remarkably low volume of patrons when we arrived and we had our choice of tables. We chose to sit outside on the back patio on what was an absolutely lovely night. We had a nice view of the Frankford El train passing in the nearby distance every few minutes. We sat under the low ambient lights of the strings draping overhead and were tantalized by the smell of the smoker working out back on something that seems to have mystified everyone we asked. Our waiter thought it was the pork shoulder, another server corrected him and said it was corn, and yet another thought it was cheese. We never got confirmation but the enigma made me inhale deeper and more often which was just fine with me.
I tried their special which was a Buttermilk Dipped Fried Chicken. It was perfect in every way. Deliciously flavored (neither under nor over seasoned). The breading was thin but solid and well coated. It adhered to the meat in just the right way. The portion, a half chicken in the form of a breast, thigh and a drumstick, was far too much for one serving but it'll make a great left-over served cold or warm.
I also had the Pork Shoulder which was served with Collard Greens and a Potato Torta. The pork was equally as good as the fried chicken. It was smoked and had an excellent combination of meat and fat. It wasn't overly large in size but it was plentiful enough to satisfy the appetite. The collards were pan fried to the perfect position of soft and slightly oily but still firm and full of their natural flavor. I could have done without the torta--and in fact I didn't finish it. It was a little too chewy and lacking in taste and who needs the empty carbs.Better then expected! We go the sampler appetizer and burgers both were fantastic! Service was right on and the place was super clean. I can't wait to go back.One of the best farm to table and seasonally sourced establishments in Philly. 
Note that for many reasons buying local is expensive but the value goes beyond the monetary. 
I am so glad to have this gem in the neighborhood and I look forward to dining here again. 
Thank you, Kensington Quarters!This message is brought to you by MEAT! Let me tell you....if you live near Kensington quarters and you are still purchasing your meat (especially your bacon) from anywhere else you are making a terrible mis-steak!! Every time I've visited the butcher shop I get a lesson from the employees. They always give me the low down on which farm my meat came from and where it's located (always extremely local). They have an abundance of knowledge on how to prepare my purchase and which heating method to use for cooking it. It's expensive but oh so worth every nickel and dime! And the bacon pretty much melts in your mouth....i literally barely had to chew.  
I've dined at Kensington Quarters once and it was really great. My favorite part was probably the cocktails which were perfectly balanced and crafted for maximum yum! The food was interesting and well prepared but it was quite pricey so I don't think I'll be back for a while until there is another special occasion to celebrate.Great staff great cuts of meat and the butcher shop and meat window are a nice touch.  Went here all the time when I lived in FishtownOne of the best burgers ive ever had. Same with the friend chicken. great service. really cool modern feel inside. will be back!A bit loud.  Walking past the meat hanging in the butcher portion is a bit off-putting.   And for a butchery on site - they had very few meat offerings.  Very strange! And the meat offerings were quite overpriced.   Found it weirdly affected.   Unappealing pairings.  Odd spices - seemingly just to be trendy.  For some reason they were adverse to offering sugar for the iced tea ... and brought a simple syrup which made it undrinkable.  They claim to be farmhouse but the menu selection of mussel toast and sword fish seemed like anything but!  Clearly some people love this because it got very nice reviews on other sites.  Was not for us!Truly spectacular.  Space is wonderful, food nothing short of fantastic.  I've been there twice so far and certainly expect to return soon.Came here with a friend about a month ago. Had a ravioli and chicken dish. We both felt that both dishes were incredibly delicious... But they were fairly small portions and pretty high priced. 
It seems like this new place is testing out various menu options and pricing as they feel out their niche in the area. I'm excited to see what they evolve into. 
Nice atmosphere, helpful staff, nice decor, delicious food... Just a bit pricy, especially for the area.The food was excellent. The staff was amazing. The only draw back is its a little pricey but defenitly worth the money.I enjoyed the beet salad which is served with spiced almonds, tarragon and feta.  I also had the mushroom lasagna (mycopolitan mushrooms) tomato sauce and porcini bechamel.
The service is excellent in the dining room but there is room for improvement with the level of friendliness at the Butcher's counter.
That said, I am very impressed with the selection at the counter and am a big fan of the brown eggs they sell, which have an orange yolk, not a pale yellow one like the ones at conventional gross-ery stores.
I buy the raw dog food from their freezer section and the quality is high, but so is the price. Actually, I really like this place but the prices on everything are high so I don't go there as often as I'd like. If you have the extra scratch and need to treat yourself, this place will not disappoint.This restaurant is in an awesome space. When you walk in, you're greeted at the butcher shop. Parking was difficult I must admit. The food was no less than wonderful. The steak tartare was absolutely rich and delicious. A generous portion of melt in your mouth beef served with house made potato crisps. I would come back here specifically for this menu item. Next was the best salad. Smoked red beets and pickled golden beets with goat cheese, greens, and toasted pumpkin seeds. It was an excellent salad and a large portion. Charcuterie platter was full on house made treats: duck sausage, head cheese, soprasata, braunschwager, etc. The duck sausage was my favorite. House made Hungarian sausage was next. Served with hot kraut, scallion, and spicy mustard; again made in house. It was so rich and delicious. Rounded out the meal were two excellent desserts. I wasn't thinking much about dessert at a butcher shop, but it was top notch. Hot chocolate, which was like a hot chocolate soup with a house made marshmallow on top. It was an amazing dessert. Chocolate overload. Oven cake with an earl grey tea sauce and pistachio nuts was also a very enjoyable dessert. Staff and management were excellent. Open kitchen, I spoke briefly to the chef and he was more than kind. The only problem with this place was the parking. We had reservations for 5:15, and the place filled up fast.i had been dying for months to come here after finding them in the Philadelphia magazine and following them on Instagram. And I have never been so pleased in my whole life. I work 6-7 days a week and this happened to be my only night off. For last minute Christmas shopping. I decided I had to go, invited the best man in my life, my father, who is always open to new tastes to join me. By far one of the best dad daughter nights in a long time. The service was so on point and the moment you walk in you're greeted even by the array of kitchen staff and butchers. You feel so warm and welcome I cannot wait to go back! Thank you so much Kensington Quarters!I've had KQ on my bookmarks for awhile so while in town for lunch I took the opportunity. The things I loved about the restaurant are the decor and design. The displayed charcuterie and cuts of meat give it real authenticity. The lunch menu was a bit lacking though. It was a very short menu and my ham, egg, on ciabatta just wasn't impressive. The bread was just too thick to enjoy. My date did really enjoy her mushroom frittata so I'll assume the best. I'll probably come back and try again.This was an odd place with a hard to understand menu, in which cheap side dishes and main courses are all mixed up and it's hard to figure out what's what without help from the (attentive, warm and intelligent) waiting staff. 
I opted for the burger which was presented suitably rare, even blue, which I loved. So often places shy away from truly rare meats, and this is an acid test whether they have confidence in the quality of the meats. Kensington passes with flying colors! 
However lose a point for the pretentious menu and the sacrifice of comforting food combinations for the sake of cool, weird and novel. I'd like to see more of a concern with providing square meals with veggie and side options that complement them. I'd rather know what I'm ordering. Save creativity for the food, not the menu.My boyfriend and I have been here twice and had very good experience, food and service was great. But not this time. We went there for dinner yesterday, sat at the bar, ordered wine to start and charcuterie plate and then lamb and duck dishes. Charcuterie plate didn't look very appealing, it was 4 kinds of sausages and some kind of meat in the middle, sorry to say, but it looked like dog food( we didn't know what it was, cause nobody described it then the food was delivered). One kind of sausage was ok, we ate that one, we tried to taste the other once, they were horrible, very fatty, mushy and no fun. We were too scared to try that chunk of meat. Bread which came with the meat was very tasty though. Bartender checked on us, we told her our honest opinion about it and that we didn't like it, that we used to see prosciutto and dry cured meats on the meat plate, not something like this. So she took it away, cause we were not going to eat it. Then the lamb and duck dishes were delivered. They were ok, last time we had exact same dishes and way were way better then this time. We didn't feel like ordering anything else, so we asked for the check. The bill was $94, I think it's pretty pricey for 2 glasses of wine, 2small dishes and the meat plate( which we even didn't eat cost $25 by itself). I work in restaurant industry and then someone is not satisfied with their meal, we usually take it off their bill, it wasn't this time. We still left 20% tip for bartender. Left the place not happy and sad to say that we probably won't be back here again.Great food, great concept, great staff.  My favorite place to go.  I even bought a shirt.  The butcher is the only place I buy meat nowadays, and I love going to get some drinks at the bar and ordering 6 or 7 small plates.  Going to be a great Labor Day thanks to the butcher!  See you Friday at noon!Everything was wonderful. The ambiance and service was great. The beef tartar was my favorite. Pretty cool Spot!I went last night with my husband. We were very impressed. They have a good selection of beers - good variety. Our waitress was super friendly and attentive. The food was delicious and beautiful. We sat on the high tops between the kitchen and the butcher. Not recommended if the site of hanging meat hurts your appetite, but we thought it was cool. It's pricey, but it's worth it. We're happy to have a place like this in the neighborhood for sure.