See the one napkin I received (in utensil packet) from Kevin Parker. Why only one napkin when you're selling fried chicken, BBQ with lots of sauce, and other messy foods?
$11 for one chicken breast with one side. 
Had a side of Macaroni and Cheese today. As the menu described, it was cheesy. However, it was lacking flavor. I've eaten here many times in the past, but I don't remember the Mac & Cheese tasting this bad. Also, I could taste flour! Not good enough.Came here on a Tuesday afternoon during a trip to Philadelphia. I was actually heading somewhere when I saw their sign about "best fried chicken", given by the Food Network. I stopped by, grabbing a fried chicken leg and one wing. The price was reasonable, I was able to order chicken by the piece, which was a plus. I paid about $5 for a drumstick and wing. It came with a buttered roll, which I didn't eat so I cannot comment on it. The chicken, however, I can say was ok to me. I liked that the breading was light, but the chicken seemed to lack salt / seasoning to me. I prefer to bite into a tasty piece of chicken, but this seemed to lack in the flavor. Service was good, they kept the line moving.Popeye's has nothing on this place. 
Keven Parker's caught my eye yesterday, & I vowed to come back to try their fried chicken. I ordered the fried chicken breast with a side of mac & cheese; the hubby ordered the ribs with a side of rice & gravy. The chicken was outstanding; crispy on the outside, while still moist on the inside. The mac & cheese was just ok; it was moist but lacked the creaminess and flavor that I like. My husband's ribs were great; it had the right amount of char to it and the sauce had a very good flavor. The rice & gravy was just ok, and like my side, lacked any real flavor. We both would come back for the chicken & ribs, but I would pass on the sides. The people that work there are really nice & accommodating, but remember that they only accept cash.Best fried chicken in the north. Southern boy on business to Philly. Had chicken and waffle and would have them again and again. Best chicken I have had north of the Carolina / Tennesee border. Service was amazing- not sure how 2 people do that much so fast and keep the line moving during lunch rush. Great food, great service, a lot of food money.Hadn't heard of this but walked past it @ Reading and it looked too good to pass up. Wings are huge size wise. Food looked fresh and well cooked so I gave it a try. The chicken is good but it's best eaten fresh, reheats just ok & not as good as eaten when fresh. I was on a day trip to my hometown Philly so I only ate a little of my meal at the time. My mom got mac & cheese and candied yams and loved everything. Very pricey in my opinion but hey, I'd rather pay for quality some times.Legitimately the best fried chicken I've had in a long time. I grew up in Little Rock, Arkansas and went to college in St. Louis, MO, so I've been missing my soul food. This is the real stuff!I came here during the Night at the Market event so they were only serving one item but man, it was spectacular. They offered a tasting of the chicken and waffles, just wow. The fried chicken was wings which I don't see very often-it's normally a drum stick, breast or thigh. But I thought this was a really great move! This was the crispiest chicken wing I've ever had and because it was a wing, the skin to meat ratio was v high. The waffle also was so perfect. It was incredibly light and airy inside but crisp on the outside. They offered maple syrup and hot sauce to top the whole thing with which rounds out the whole sweet and savory dish! 
Although just a tasting, this was some fire chicken and waffles. I'm definitely coming back to try more from the full menu!I had the chicken wings with collard greens and a butter roll. I love the greens a lot, they were full of flavor, I shared with my boyfriend but I didn't want too. The food is too good to share. Everything was delicious. The mac n cheese look yummy but I didn't get to try it, I will next time I'm in Philadelphia.I love KeVen Parker's restaurants. The food is great at both locations. Also, Mr. Parker is a nice person. When he's not too busy he takes time to mingle and chat with his customers. My daughter and I were there at the Reading Terminal location on 7/25\18. He chatted with us for a while. Giving us cooking tips about using cast iron skillets. Just a nice guy!!! Luv you, KeVenI LOVE this resturant!!! the Mac And Cheese is my favorite, the fried talpia is amazing, the collar greens, the carrot cake, the red velvet cake, I love it all! Like I said, I Love this Resturant!I stopped in RTM before heading to work and decided to get my lunch....1st who sells platters with just 1 side offered...2nd my string beans were not seasoned well just some jarred minced garlic mixed in with them...I wanted turkey wings thy didn't have any so went with baked chicken white meat....nothing to write home about at all....not worth $12 and food definitely not seasoned well....what's up with not using fresh garlic....wasn't worth taking a picture....BTW gravy tasted like flour.....Worst of all the attitude of the workers are stankDecided to check out this spot because another business didn't have the wings I wanted. The line was pretty long, so I took that as a good sign. I ordered my food pretty quick and paid right away. She asked if I would mind a 5 minute wait on greens to which I said no. That 5 minute wait turned into 12 minutes and 38 seconds. I had to keep looking at my watch to make sure my meter didn't expire. Once I received my food (with no apology for the extra wait), I made the mistake of heading to the door without checking my bag. *advantage business* When I got to the car, I was unpleasantly surprised to see that I didn't get my biscuit. Not a big deal since I'm trying to watch my carbs, but it's the principle. Anyway. I ate the greens first since they spilled all in the bag. They had good smoked turkey flavor, however they were slightly salty. I ate them all though. Now for the chicken....which was what I really wanted. Two words: sub par. I know that's one word. I just wanted a reason to say 'two words'. Anyway. They weren't flavorful by any means. On my worst day, I can produce a better batch of fried chicken. But I don't cook a lot of fried food, so that's why I'm in this predicament. Needless to say, that's a $10.80 investment I wish I could have back. But since I can't, there's a lesson to be learned in this. If you have a taste for fried chicken, just make your own or don't complain when you get it from somewhere else and it isn't good. But by all means, please go give Keven Parker's a try. Maybe I came in on a bad day. ‍Chicken was good; crispy and juicy. Mac 'n cheese was great. Yams were good, very sweet. Okra/corn/tomatoes tasty. Greens were sub par-decent with vinegar added. (Gotta have good greens, 2nd most important item on a soul food menu!) Enjoyed the butter roll. No hours listed on the website but Sundays they open at 11am.Thought we'd miss out by not trying this place out. But I don't understand. Why the hype? The fried chicken was so dry, the dinner roll was nothing ever special, and it was overpriced. As someone who is from Richmond, VA being surrounded by soul food and southern cooking with lots of fried chicken -- this place was a complete miss. We wasted our money and stomach room. Walk away and spend your money on something else at the market.Me and my husband came to Philadelphia to visit some museums, we stopped by RTM to get food and omg was this food great I ordered the chicken wings , yams and Mac & cheese & it was the best I have absolutely NO complaints and I would definitely go back for moreBaby Jesus hold my hand!!!Let the church say Amen,Amen and one more Amen..Get the Fish, Mac and cheese and Lord them greens!!!awhhhhhh let us pray!!! It's a sin for food to taste these dayum good!!!I continue to crave their greens!
I live in California and have had my share of soul food but I am real snobby about my greens.......this place has some DELICIOUS greens.
I have had better chicken, but in terms of fresh , crispy and flavorful, they still rank high.
I think given the "fast food/food court" environment, it forces you to pick quickly, look for seating and eat fast which  takes away from your experience, But if be lying if I didn't give it the credit it's due, good food! Give it a try.Very good place loved their food but the only thing not enough selection only two meats were available need to put more meats and sides especially when you get high volume of customers but other than that very goodThe weekend that I was there I ate at Keven Parkers twice! Once was not good enough! I had the chicken and waffles one time and it was divine! I also had the yams, greens, macaroni, and smothered turkey! All were delicious! The prices were reasonable and I will be going back!Great atompshere, decor, friendly staff & I can't forget the AMAZING food!!!!! The tropical tea with watermelon is out of this world...had to buy a second round!!! I felt like I was right at home eating my mom's cooking. Definitely coming back on Monday for the $10 lunch special!!!I was here 2 days ago and I had wings and macaroni and cheese omg everything was so good that was the best macaroni and cheese I ever had and the chicken seasoning is just right it's not too salty, not too bland, its perfectcrispy yet juicy and tender on the inside, the fried chicken here is as good as it gets!I had catfish, Mac& Cheese, a side of cabbage and iced-tea I almost thought I was at the family reunion on my mothers side of the family. It was delicious and I found a space in the cute nook next to their stall. This isn't the place for service but the food stands alone. I spent $20 on lunch which is unusual. I do think the entre should come with two sides instead of one. I will come here again but not too soon as to empty my pockets.The only reason I gave 2 stars was thanks to the Sweet Tropical Tea and Chicken wings. I ordered the 3 Wings dinner with Candied Yams and ordered a side of Succotash that came with white rice. The yams were dry even though they looked good in the Line-up. The wings were good. The tea is addictive!! Now for the attitudes, they were not so pleasant. For our first time there, I wouldn't want to come back!! I only want tea and Chicken wings from now on IF I go back. Very disappointedWhenever I'm craving chicken and waffles I come here! The chicken is absolutely perfect and sometimes I feel like I'm coming just for the waffles because they're also the star of the meal. I always get a side of Mac and cheese, creamy and delicious. Had to minus one star for the dinner roll which is meh, cash only because I never have cash, and the syrup kind of sucks which is an integral part of chicken and waffles for me. I wish they had real maple syrup, not something that came in a plastic container because it honestly doesn't taste good. Other than that, love the food!Yummy Great Food.  Had the Fried Chicken and Mac and Cheese Side.  Only probably is already ate so I would have chosen more foodI already know I'm going to get heat for this but I can't help it. For me, I wished the wings had a little more seasoning whether it's a kick or more savory taste to it. The crunch on the chicken though was delicious. Every inch of the wing was fried to perfection and the tenderness of the chicken was good also. 
I got the three wing combo, which included a side and bread. I chose the mac and cheese. To me it was good but nothing that sets it apart from other mac and cheeses that I have had. My friend got the BBQ chicken and said that was flavorful so maybe that's what I'll get if I'm in town again. 
All in all, it's worth a try but I'd suggest getting some hot sauce on the side.I recently visited this place in reading terminal and was so excited about it because the lines are always long (which usually means it's good stuff) but little did I kno, it was horrible..first of all the staff were horrible (no patience) and the food areas were a mess (food everywhere) . I had a fried chicken wing platter and the wings were as big as my hands and soggy not well done, my Mac and cheese noodles were hard , but my collard greens and ice tea was excellent  I give them no stars for my $18 platterI ordered southern fried shrimp (a bit too salty) with candied yams & mac n cheese. Paid almost $17.00 just for the meal and it was good I will be back and the next time im craving soul food and im not too far from work.The sweet tea is really good. I had turkey wings mac and cheese and greens. All pretty decent. Seasoned very well and with gravy. 
I feel like you should be able to get 2 sides with a meal. If I order turkey wings with gravy, I should be allowed rice and a vegetable. Just my opinion. So extra sides are 3 to 4 bucks. Meeh.
The service was fast. They only take cash so that can be an inconvenience.Best fried chicken I've ever had in my life!! Hands down. 
Crab Mac and cheese balls are also delicious. LOTS of crab. Could use more Mac and cheese. But I also have an unhealthy love of cheese. 
I ended up going about 30 minutes before the Market closed and bought literally the last few pieces of chicken they had. Still amazingly delicious. I will definitely beeline for this restaurant the next time I go. Can't wait to try the Mac and cheese!!First time purchasing an entree from Kevin Parker.  The food is the 'BOMB"!  The "Mac N Cheese, Collard Greens, Fried Chicken and Lemon/Strawberry cake".  Whew!!!  My mouth is watering.   I'll be back.I had my hopes up high for this one because the line was semi-long and I haven't had 'soul food' in ages.  When I got to the front of the line, the mac and cheese, along with chicken wings were finished so I ended up just getting a 3 piece chicken (legs and breast) with one side of cabbage for a whopping $13.  
I sat down and bit into the cabbage first and was disappointed.  It felt like the seasoning was nonexistent.   I also bit into the crunchy fried chicken but was extra disappointed that it lacked in taste, as well.  Who can really mess up chicken?  I immediately packed it up and went outside to see if I could donate the rest of the untouched food to a homeless person since I saw few people begging for money.  No luck, so I changed my mind and decided to look for some pigeons to give the food to.
Overall, I've tasted way better chicken wings from home cooked to a hole in the wall for about $5.75 with a side.  Does this cafe represent? Unfortunately, not.   It's very lacking in my opinion and is definitely not 'the best of...' No way near the best of.  See other reviews.   Peace.Their service is second only to their food! The food is absolutley amazing and I have yet to have a bad meal. The amount of food that you get for the price that you pay is very generous. I recently had the sadikis fried catfish with grits as the side, got so much food that I couldn't finish in one sitting. I've been there and had a bad meal there to date, and will continue going back and you should too!A previous reviewer stated, "Hugely disappointing. The decor looks better than the food tastes." I ate here twice over two days and think that the comment is about right.  There is nothing special about the cooking.I've never had soul food so I was excited to try this place out. I ordered the fried chicken leg and thigh combo with white rice & gravy as my side ($10), I also asked for a dinner roll to be included. I paid with a $20 and just pocketed the change I received. It was not until I got home when I realized I was short-changed!! Unless that dinner roll was half the price of my meal, I don't know why I was left with just a few dollars from this transaction. I guess this is why they are cash only?! To the cashier closing on 10/5/2015, I hope those extra few dollars were worth it and I pray that you needed that money more than I.
Anyway, the food was only okay. The chicken was decent, the skin was well-seasoned but the meat was a little dry. The white rice was very mediocre, I would not get it again or suggest it to anyone. The gravy made the side of rice a bit too salty for me. The dinner roll was fine as well, but again, nothing special. Guess you can say my first experience with soul food was extremely underwhelming, hopefully it goes better the next time around.
More of a 1.5 star for this place, but their financial dishonesty ensures that I'll probably never come back.We came from Virginia just to eat at this establishment, after dropping off my niece to college.  MAJOR FAIL! We could not purchase anything as they only take CASH on Sundays. I did not realize people carried around generous amounts of cash. I really wanted to eat here so I went to the ATM machine. That also was a FAIL! So we bought cookies and left to go eat somewhere else. Probably won't come back since we spent $30 round trip in transportation fees. MAJOR disappointment! On top of that, even the workers did not know the CASH ONLY SUNDAY RULE! Definitely won't be recommending! Sorry Kevin, definitely didn't feel the love!!!If you want a home cooked soul food meal, you should try this place. I recommend trying the Mac n Cheese and Collard greens.  Everything is well seasoned. You must try the Tropical blend sweet tea, so delicious with a slice of watermelon in it.No.  
There's nothing special to the food here at all.  No culinary twist...no pop of flavor...nothing but average food. The fried chicken and whiting...fried well but average. The Mac and Cheese is incredibly disappointing as it looks deceptively good but lacks any richness, creaminess, or flavor profile...anything to distinguish it as memorable.  The rolls (not biscuits) seem very disappointing until you put the meal into perspective (see the last line of this review).
Shockingly the best thing was the seasoned French fries (ordered because they were out of crab Mac and cheese balls). The two stars are for the fries, really good tropical tea, and ambiance in the eating area.
For those familiar with the soul food culture:  you know the food they serve downstairs at churches after service on Sundays? This is that food...no different at all - even down to the obligatory dinner roll. My question to you is that food worth $12 a plate?Prefacing this by saying that I'm a picky Southerner.  Staff were pleasant and obliging to requests.  However, the chicken was greasier than what I've had at other "gourmet" fried chicken outposts.  The grease muddled the flavors that likely would have been imparted by the seasoning.  The bread had too much butter and didn't have anything unique about it to add to the meal.The only reason I gave 2 stars was thanks to the Sweet Tropical Tea and Chicken wings. I ordered the 3 Wings dinner with Candied Yams and ordered a side of Succotash that came with white rice. The yams were dry even though they looked good in the Line-up. The wings were good. The tea is addictive!! Now for the attitudes, they were not so pleasant. For our first time there, I wouldn't want to come back!! My mother ordered the Shrimp dinner which come with only 6 Shrimp. When we get back to our hotel, she had 5 Shrimp and a fried Shrimp tail. My aunt spent $22 and when we got back to our hotel, her chicken breast was undercooked! For the money they want people to spend, they have to do much better. I think undercover boss needs to make a visit. I would only want tea and Chicken wings from now on IF I go back. I am very disappointedI would love to tell you how great the food is but..."every time" I visit The Reading terminal site (at least 6X), instead of me telling them what I would like to order the attendant is giving me a run-down of what they don't have. On avg. they don't have about 70% of their menu.  The kicker is I just left their at 11:00am Sunday morn. 5.22.2016. "All they have is wings & ribs and a fish for entree."  You open at 10am c'mon. 
So once again no Turkey Wings for the entire day mind you, not even "it's a 45min wait can u come back"?  Just out.I gave a rating of two because the collard greens and potato salad reminded me of my auntie.  The chicken however was greasy and fried really, did I mention really really hard with a lot of salt.  The concept is great, but the space is. It large enough to accommodate the wait.  As a person with handicapped needs, I literally had to stand 23 minutes for friend chicken legs - don't feel as bad as the woman in front of me who had already waited 30 minutes and was told it would take 7 minutes.  
I guess you live and learn.  Having read reviews and since I was staying next door in the hotel didn't want to walk too far tried this place.  I think I did make a mistake when I walked past the BBQ spot to find this place.  The mac and cheese was cheesy, but unseasoned if you could picture that. By the time they got the chicken out and I waked back next door to the Hilton the Mac and cheese was I iced cold telling me it had been sitting a while.  $19 later, a little disappointed.Went here for the chicken and waffles.  The chicken was just average, but fried well.  I wished the chicken and batter were more seasoned.  The waffle was just ok and the batter tasted average.  It is not the sweet type you would get at like Rosco's.One does not simply go to Reading Terminal and not go to Keven Parkers for fried chicken, the best mac n cheese and greens you will ever have. You can not pass this up, we journey down into the city just to get this lovely delicious chicken. Often I walk around Manayunk and I say to myself, if only Keven Parker had a place here. In fact, I walk anywhere and think this. Really that good folks! Keven Parker, I don't know who you are, but I know you are magical.I was excited to try out this place, i was starving and the food looked delicious but I was not satisfied.  THe only thig I really liked was the ice tea.  I got the entree of ribs with the mac n cheese.  The ribs were too dry and burnt and the mac n cheese was nothing special.When coming to the Reading Terminal Market one has many difficult choices to make when choosing somewhere to eat. When I saw the sign that said the Cooking Network voted this spot the best fried chicken, I had to try it. I can see why they recieved this prestigious award! The chicken skin was fried to crispy, crunchy golden goodness... And the meat was juicy and tender. My sides.. Mac and cheese, yams and a roll. Fattening, indulging, deliciousness. We also ordered the ribs which were falling off the bone tender and fantastic, brushed with sweet barbecue as well. Would def recommend this place if your in the mood for some soul food!!I came here yesterday with my fiance before the flower show. We both got lemonade, a dinner roll, mac and cheese, and the fried chicken. I LOVED the Mac and Cheese! That was the highlight of the meal. I would come back here for the mac and cheese for sure. I saw some people saying that it was too cheesy but for me it was just right. The lemonade was not fresh squeezed but it was still good. The fried chicken was good but not mind blowing but it was definitely decent. I have always wanted to try this place and I probably would come back for the Mac and Cheese which I can't stop talking about and maybe a slice of their THICK CARROT CAKE that I wanted to try.
Our meals came to $29.Totally underwhelmed ... Recommend by a coworker, I had the fried chick w/ a side of corn, okra and tomato.  Side veggies tasted either canned or pickled, either way, not good! The chicken had decent seasoning but the sorta pinkish tint skeeved me out.  If I go back, it will only be to try out the Mac and cheese, which looked really yummy!  Too many other great places in RT to have a "meh" meal...
Don't forget, Cash only!Chicken and waffles...nuff said.  Food was great, lasted me two meals and there was no wait on a Saturday afternoon when Dinics' line was around the whole market.  Plus the tea was pretty awesome.We weren't sure what exactly we were in the mood for while we were walking up and down the aisles of the Reading Terminal Market, but once my bf saw the Fried Chicken at Kevin Parker's Soul Food Cafe his stomach made up his mind. He got the Chicken Combo with Rice and the Roll (I can't rem the price but rem thinking to myself that it was a lot). I thought I was stuffed and told him I'd pass since I was stuffed from eating the whole day during our Philly day trip. Watching him devour the chicken, made me want to "taste" it, next thing I knew we were fighting over the last pieces of his meal. The Chicken was sooooo good! Crispy, moist, and flavorful. The hot sauce that was more on the vinegary side suited it so well also. 
They also have a private seating area which looks very nice. I would def return back here to try their other dishes since their Chicken was sooo good!I arrived just after the lunch rush so they ran out of the award winning wings.  I had the chicken breast instead, which was so incredibly light and crispy, and very moist inside.  Flavor was great, as long as I had a piece if skin with each bite and a dash of hot sauce.  Luckily there was one last order of greens that were perfectly seasoned and tender, with a good bite.  Mac and cheese is the best I've had -real stringy cheese and a nice tang. I did see some flecks of white, so perhaps some goat cheese?  Mmmm, mmmm.The food is always great but the service sucks!! They didn't open until noon today. I waited in line for 45 minutes after the staff said it would be a 15-20 minute wait rudely. I won't be back anytime soon...Food was meh... It's actually inside the Reading Terminal at the corner of 5th and 12th. Menu is limited. You can't have a copy to look at while you deliberate. It's only posted near the cashier, so the pressure is on. Wife had chicken and waffles. She loved the waffles. I had the fired chicken and mac n cheese. Both were just ok. Not sure how this place won the Food Network prize for best fried chicken. My wife also loved the tea. It's all they serve to drink along with bottled water. Overall, just ok.A little pricey, but worth every penny. If you get here before the Reading Terminal gets too packed, the lines are not that bad, and so worth the wait. The chicken is battered to literal perfection. In my opinion, the batter and fry on the chicken here is as good as it gets. It's always crunchy and fresh. The mac and cheese is heavenly. The other sides are pretty good too. The roll that comes with a platter is OK, but I can take or leave the roll. The chicken is the star, as it should be. I sometimes wake up craving this chicken. Yea, I have issues. But seriously, this place is worth the madness of the terminal to get some. The staff is nice too. They now take credit cards. Enjoy!A waste of time & money... portion sizes are small & they mixed old green beans with new... & it taste BURNT! I'm sorry I love supporting black owned businesses but they disappoint every time!Catfish, Mac and cheese make you wanna smack yo mama. Not my momma though, she gotta gun!So we got 3 pieces of fried chicken for $9 and 3 sides for another $9 where we chose Mac & cheese, collard greens and black eyed peas. 
All of it was amazing.
The ladies at the shop were very friendly and also wished us well with our holiday, you actually don't get that everywhere, especially in Phili. 
Standout was the black eyed peas which they gave us rice with. Mmmmm mmmmmm, highly recommend if you like southern American food!Had the fried chicken platter with mac & cheese and collard greens. The mac & cheese was pretty good! The collard greens were salty and the fried chicken lacked flavor! Kevin need to get some old-school cooks up in there!Wow, I'm new in town and was looking for some Greens cooked in turkey meat. I was directed to visit the Reading Market. While in the market I spotted a line wrapped around I followed it, I saw greens, Mac & cheese, yams, cabbage, fried chicken, fish, and more.  I purchased the yams and greens.  This food was simply awesome. Perfect seasoning! My bff came down from Cleveland Ohio, she and her husband agreed.   While I still miss Ink & Ivy's in Charlotte NC.  I'm happy to know of such a place in Philly.I went here because my tummy was calling for some delicious fried chicken so I was extremely surprised to find out that the collard greens stole the show! Man oh man did I savor every bite of them collard greens. Their version is a bit healthier as they substitute the pork with turkey. I should probably admit that I don't normally even order collard greens because it's not really my fave but am I glad I tried them here! Now, onto the chicken... just the right amount of batter and great flavor without the excess grease. Dab a little hot sauce on that chicken and wash it down with their tea and you'll also leave there texting pics to your friends to share the great experience (and to make them a little jealous of course - lol).I'm giving this rating based on what this restaurant claims to be and write as fairly as I can about the food. Also I get this place is in Reading Terminal, so I should've known better. I went here bc it's close to my internship and I was craving Mac and cheese. I waited in line (at 1:30 pm) and they were out of crab cakes (which it didn't say on the "sold out" list.) I ended up getting a piece of breast, greens and Mac for $16! Which would cost around $12 at any other take out place and a second side would be included, with some corn bread. I was like whatever maybe it's good. I was sorely disappointed. My Mac was almost good, had some crusting but it tasted like fake cheese for sure (and clumped together as it cooled like fake cheese.) The greens were good and it was nice they cooked them in turkey instead of pork. Finally, the chicken: the crust is good, peppery, but the inside is unlike any chicken I've had, it was drier than I'm used to and wasn't as tender either. Also I should note the chicken wasn't seasoned!! It was difficult to eat bc of the dryness and nothing to accompany it like BBQ sauce. All in all I won't go back, I'll stick to places outside center city....I went here based on the recommendation from a Philly native. This was my first time having chicken and waffles. I appreciated the consistency of the waffle, which was probably one of the best I have ever had. I did think that the syrup (provided on the table) needed a stronger flavor. The chicken was cooked well. If I return, I will try some of the amazing looking sides.Just had the fried chicken and Mac and cheese from here and I really liked it . The chicken was cooked and seasoned perfectly. It was crispy yet tender and juicy. The Mac and cheese was very cheesy and
I loved the browned baked parts on top. The line was long but moved very quickly . I have to say this is the best fried chicken I've had UP NORTH. Not a lot of non fast food options for good fried chicken so this place is a very welcome haven. I will def. go back when I'm craving some fried bird again..Yesterday I had jury duty and  decided to go here for lunch. I ordered the wings and mac & cheese with a roll for $10. The wings were fine, but the mac & cheese wasn't tasty at all. It even had a weird after taste. I ended up throwing it out after 2 spoonful's. I actually never heard of this place until yesterday. I thought the semi-long line indicated good food. Also they put your food in a tootsie's bag which is a different food café, so I was confused on if they had a joint partnership or not.Visiting from NY, why can't I stop myself from eating here 3 times in 2 days? Shouldn't I be having a cheesesteak instead?  Well it's bc this is the best fried chicken ever!! And I'm no newbie to fried chicken. Terrific Mac and cheese and string beans too! I've been thinking about this fried chicken everyday since I've left Philly. Thankfully for my butt's sake, I only visit once a year.Stopped by here the other day for lunch, and was pretty disappointed.  Saw some Food Network promotions so I thought it was going to be good, but the was wrong.  The chicken didn't have any flavor, I've had better fried chicken at local Chinese fast food joints.  If it wasn't for the ice tea, I would of given this 1 star.  But even that tastes like powdered ice tea.I love fried chicken and usually order wings only but they were almost closing and out of wings so I got a piece of breast.  It was the best, moist, juicy and crunchy.  I've bee coming to RTM whenever I'm in Philly the last 2 yrs snd just now discovering this awesome place!!! I'll be back for more!!!  God Bless!!Soul food mmmmm. There are only some days of the month when I feel less guilty eatting crispy fried chicken wings.... These wings were so good and ridiculously crispy. You get to choose if you want wings, thighs, breast, etc. I also had a side of their mac&cheese which was nothing special.Went this weekend for lunch, and had the fried chicken and Mac and cheese.  They were both SO good!  Highly highly recommend.  Just wish they had more durable plastic utensils. We will definitely be back!Everytime i come to philly i stop by Ms. Tootsie's. This time around I'm staying by the convention center it was good to hear that there was a location across the street. Ms. D the Chef is amazing her attitude is always friendly and her customer service is superb. Certain things weren't available here but the taste was definitely up to par! Don't forget to get a Iced Tea with Watermelon!Cold Mac & Cheese, Very bland, Dry, over cooked chicken. Not sure how it was recommended by Food Network.
Tea was good.what to do when you're visiting philly?
try soul food of course!
i was in the reading terminal with the sister that works there and saw this place with the pretty sign.
i got the chicken and waffles which tasted alright... but the mac n cheese that came with it was hella good. hella buttery.. mmm
i got the fried catfish too. tastes like any other fried catfish and i got fries with it for the kiddos..
i regret not trying their signature drink..I'm a huge fan of supporting Black Owned Businesses, despite wanting other foods that I passed by in the Reading Terminal I chose to support Kevin Parker. The customer service is terrible and for that alone I will never go back. The food was mediocre for a soul food place that has been on the Food Network..chicken was lacking much seasoning, black eyed peas were undercooked, rice n gravy lacked gravy also with no flavor and the yams were way too sweet....on top of all that the food was totally overpriced..that is my last time ever eating there. Good luckGREAT fried chicken. Great. I had the fried chicken breast and a side of the okra corn. My friend got the dark meat fried chicken with sweet potatoes. My other buddy got ribs and mac & cheese. All were great. The mac and cheese was by far the best side, but you can't go wrong here.Located inside Reading Terminal Market. I'm from Louisiana, the home of soul food and to find this gem in Philly was a gift from above. Never in my life did I expect to have the juiciest yet crispiest fried chicken ever in Philly. Hands down this is THE BEST fried chicken I've ever had. And don't even get me started on their collard greens. I'm extremely particular about my greens and this place exceeded all my expectations. Truly the best soul food ever! Even their sweet tea is done just like we like it down south.1- I went early on a Sunday morning and ordered chicken and waffles. They don't have waffles. Ok then, I asked for fried whiting. They don't have any fish. 2- I asked for fried chicken which they had but it would be a 10 minute wait. If you only gave one entree why is it a ten minute wait?? 3- fried chicken was fried well. Flavor was good, not great. Collard greens and yams were very good.Why the hell does this place get 5 stars?? Solely because of the waffles. The perfectly cooked and heavenly waffles. The other food they have here I would say is just so-so. THOSE WAFFLES THOUGH!Quick service, good soul food! I appreciate how they prepare for the lunch rush by having the food already prepared unlike some of the other stands at the Redding TerminalOmg! The wings were so crispy (and their hot sauce) the Mac and cheese creamy and delish and the candied yams was incredible. The portions are huge. Even the ice tea was yummy. Will def come here when I come to visit. Yum!!!