Food is alright. Cheese fries are great here though. I had to speak to unhappy worker to place a delivery who hates his life for some unknown reason even though at least you got a pair of legs and a pair of arms so just be grateful you have a job but what do I know?..My favorite Pizza in South Philly!  The crust is delicious.  My personal fav is the Primavera Pizza (tomatoes, garlic and spinach) and the Mega Fries are a guilty pleasure (what's better than Fries?  How about fries with melted cheese and BACON!).  The staff is friendly and delivery is usually pretty quick - the pizza is usually still warm, even though we're over 10 blocks away.Key Pizza is fast, convenient, friendly, and serves up some decent pizza. 
I usually do the 2 Medium pizzas for $10 deal with a friend (toppings extra) and have leftovers for lunch the next day. They have plenty of options for salads and hoagies on the menu, too. All of the times I've been here, the service is consistently really good and the food is tasty. 
I have seen some pretty poor reviews on Yelp for Key - and it seems the management must have, too. I am guessing they've really tried to turn this place around in the past couple years... and so far, so good.Key Pizza is your classic corner pizza shop. It's Philly style pizza, just crispy enough with a good sauce. My favorite is the Godfather pizza. I used to frequent Key when I lived in the East Passyunk neighborhood, and got to know the owner Stephanos. He's a great guy who gets to know his customers and has a lot of appreciation for them and the neighborhood. I still pop in for a slice time to time when passing by.
It's not fancy gourmet pizza or anything. But they make a great pie at a great price.One of my favorite pizza places in the city. The cheesesteak pizza is a must. And the fact that they deliver means i have had this with a bunch of different friends and they love it tooWent in this afternoon to see if they had slices. Was ignored/unacknowledged for a full 5 minutes. Finally, man making pizza asks what he can get me. I ask if they have slices, he responds saying something but I can't understand it--music is playing very loudly. I tell him I couldn't understand him. He then speaks to me like I'm a child, saying it'll be a few minutes, but with really condescending tone. I walked out. No need to be treated poorly by someone I'm trying to pay.I had been going here for years and stopped once I went vegan, but now there are some great vegan options including a vegetarian steak sandwich which can be made vegan without cheese and there are plenty of vegetable options to add as well as other vegetarian options.Man! What an experience. We ordered food to take with us to Michael's but when asked if we could bring our food there, they declined. What a bummer. Stephano, was so hospitable and wonderful. But wait - - the pizza was nothing short of incredible. The crust is the perfect porridge of not too thin and not too thick. The cheese and sauce combination was a duo of perfection. We also got broccoli bites and mozzarella sticks. There wasn't a morsel of food that disappointed our hungry guts. Stephano also gave us testers of jalapeño curds which were crispy, soft, and spicy. Thank you to Key Pizza for being an amazing Monday stop and now easily my favorite south philly pizza shop.stayed in philly for a few days, ate here one night. solid pizza, would go there again. also, friendly staffThere was definitely something in my mouth. It was supposed to be pizza. But it was so tasteless that I could have been eating the pizza box. 
I was a little hesitant to order from here. I live literally a half block away, but I usually order from Francoluigi's at 13th and Tasker instead. The poor reviews of Key were a turnoff, both regarding the food and the people who work there. I expected to be treated like crap, but the counter guy was SO nice. He gave me a Key Pizza calendar (they have motivational and scenes from Pennsylvania. I chose motivational) as well as a refrigerator magnet. 
But when I got my two medium pizzas ($10) home, I was disappointed. One, the cheese was overcooked so there were lots of little brown spots. That's fine, but I'd rather have the cheese a little less cooked. The crust was so hard and had no taste, the sauce had no taste, nor did the overcooked cheese. My boyfriend puts hot sauce and other junk on his pizza, and even with all that, he was still let down by how bland it was. Maybe they use really cheap ingredients? It's quite a feat to produce a food product that has no flavor whatsoever. I have no idea what they did to it, or didn't do to it. We each ate two pieces (they're small pieces) and left the rest of it sit in the kitchen, bound for the trash.
I feel bad, because the guy was so  nice, but people should know what to expect from this place. Back to Francoluigi's next time for us.This place has online ordering, which would be pretty convenient if the site didn't log close your order before you are able to enter the credit card information.  So, I had to call to finish my order and give them all of the credit card info necessary to pay.  About an hour later, once the delivery guy arrives, I noticed that the receipt slip didn't have a signature line, once I asked him, "Do you want me to sign it anyway?"  He yelled at me, "WHATEVER!" At this point he notices cash in my hand (which was intended to be his tip).  "Is that my tip?"  he asked.  I told him not anymore.  At that point I noticed that even though my online order said $22 including delivery, and that was confirmed over the phone.  They charged me $25.
Oh....and the food didn't even taste that great.
Needless to say, I won't be ordering from here ever again.Have had food from here before and wasn't bad. ordered from here Saturday night and my dad and I both got food poisoning from chicken. Won't be ordering from here again,The pizza is full of flavor.  When it comes out of the oven it is hot and has a very great smell.  It is among the very best pizza I have ever eaten.  The crust is crispy while the cheese has that great pizza pull. If you are ever in philly this is the place to go. 
The Key Pizza orange cream soda is the best way to wash down the pizza.my husband and I were in town for a Phillies game and the front desk recommended Key Pizza. we ordered a pepperoni stromboli and chicken tender platter and were not disappointed. the stromboli was huge, super cheesy and very flavorful and the chicken fingers were crispy and delicious. the whole meal was $20 delivered.. very affordable!This pizza restaurant provided the pizza and three types of wings for my husbands 50th birthday bowling party in South philly. The food was great it was delivered every hour on the hour just like I requested and was hot and tasty. Key Pizza was on point. I have all praises and no complaints...oh wait one complaint but it's more to the city...due to the city's soda tax...I was told that I  wasn't able to get any free sodas after spending a healthy amount of money...I think some drinks should have been free... but overall it was perfect.I spoke to somebody on the phone and they were very f****** rude. They have s***** customer service and s***** pizza. Don't be fooled by their deals. I would not recommend that you order from them. honestly you're better off with a frozen pizza from Rite Aid.I got two slices form this place.  I opened the box snd it was two slices of day-old pizza that they put some extra sauce and cheese on then tried to push it off to me.  What a pathetic excuse for a pizzeria.  
I would never give them another dime.  MUST AVOID!!!!!!!!!!So I placed an order over the phone for delivery and the man who was taking my order had very little patience. I tired to be as quick and as clear as I could while ordering. My order was simple because I ordered a special which was already put together by Key Pizza. I asked if the wings could be separated and fried hard and the man who was taking the order was huffing and puffing as if I was being a bother to him... When asked what I wanted to drink he proceeded to act like I was a disturbance! My overall problem with Philadelphia private owned businesses is that there is always a lack of customer service. I am so fed up with patronizing these local businesses and getting sh*t handed to me. I am not the enemy, I consider myself to be a loyal customer when I find a restaurant I like but customer services make it so hard here. It's embarrassing when I have a house full of people and I'm raving about the food and service of a place only to be proven a liar when the customer service is less than satisfactory. I am not saying that I want my a$$ to be kissed but just a simple thank you at the end of a call or just some polite phone etiquette would be greatly appreciated. I would love to not feel like I have 3 seconds to order my meal, i would like to ask a question or make a request about my order without feeling like I am being a pest for spending my money. Many of Philadelphia's businesses are arrogant and for them to lose one patron simply doesn't matter enough for them to take customer service seriously. P.S. moving to MarylandLove that this place is just a few blocks away from my house. The staff are so friendly and nice, it's a true neighborhood pizza place. The pizza is incredible and reasonably priced. I've never had to wait more than 20 minutes for my food to be ready, even on Friday and Saturday nights! This is my go-to pizza place in south philly!A corner pizza store that does it right.  There is no seating of any type in this establishment, it's a strictly to-go joint.  Their prices are unbelievably cheap.  You can get a medium pizza for five bucks.  I got a huge grilled chicken salad for the same price and it was really good.  The chicken was tender and marinated perfectly and there was plenty of it.  Enough for two meals (that's $2.50 per meal!)  The chicken kabob came in a tortilla rather than a pita which I'm not sure about but it was pretty tasty. TK liked their steak stromboli.Key Pizza has great cheese pizzas.  They accommodate large orders well.  I recommend that you  order direct or pick up for your best experience.The chicken parm sandwich was tasty at a reasonable price, and the owner was very nice. I will definitely return--most likely many many times--to try other items available on the menu (I haven't even tried their pizza yet) and just to enjoy good food. 
I gave four stars because I'm stingy and don't give out five stars easily... may update rating depending on future experiences. =)
Update: pizza is decent. I understand the appeal for pizza from places like Zio and NYPD, but I like the pizza here just as much. Wings are good too.
As a person who has traveled to many places of the world and within the US, I have to honestly say that Key Pizza's food don't give me the "wow" effect. However, they have consistency in good quality and quantity---for a good price. This is now my go-to place for a good meal when I am too tired to cook after work.1. Prices are sometimes different that advertised.
2. Order is usually wrong.
3. They don't actually have the credit/debit fee recorded on the receipt, but the extra amount is applied to the total bill.
4. They don't tell you about the fee until AFTER the transaction is made.
5. Staff is not very friendly.
Stay away! There is much better food not that far away..........My go-to Pizza place in South Philly. Very tasty crust and I enjoy a lot of their specialty pizzas. Also love their steak cut fries. Decent delivery time, and I always get good service.I would love to tell you about the pizza at this place, but I never had the chance to try it.  Walked in last night between 12:30-12:40 and asked for some slices.  The "owner" told us they don't do slices, but we could have a small pizza and it could be ready in 7 minutes.  He then suggested we go across the street to the corner bar while we wait.  We came back approx 15 minutes later and our pizza was nowhere to be found.  We were then told it would be just a minute for our pizza.  After waiting an additional 10 minutes we decided to give up on our pizza dreams.  Then what happened next was the reason for this review.  The "owner" then took offense to my comment of it being pretty poor business of offering us a pizza that takes 7 minutes and still not having it done over 30 minutes later.  He came outside with a big metal stick (used to pull down his window covers) and screamed at us telling us he was doing us a favor by making a pizza after he was closed.  He then said he closed at 1:00 so I am not sure how this favor was being done.  He was very threatening wielding his big metal stick and yelling this is his neighborhood.  I don't understand how this guy could think he was right in any way and I will never consider giving him my business ever again.0 stars! Hour and a half to deliver, lied about calling my phone and ringing doorbell, pizza was average. I've made better in my oven. Don't waste your time!no stars. They don't tell you that the things u add on hoagies and cheesesteaks are extra. the order was supposed to be $20 but they charged $30 for the extra toppings that we didn't order. never ordering here againThis place is a dump to the hundredth degree and the owner is a jerk. After having to wait 45 minutes,  he got my family's order wrong and put the blame on us plus he tried to basically rob us!  If you pay  $30 for  2 Strom bolis and ask for sauce it should be in the stromboli and I was told not to come back because he is knuckle head that doesn't listen. This is the worst place ever if you want your food made right. The last time I checked calzones com with sauce on the side. He needs to be the janitor and sweep the floors if he can handle that! If it was up to me this place would get negative 2 stars, but the place don't deserve that either.I vote no stars, I was with Philly B. the other night when trying to order just a few slices. The rebuttal of "the owner" is a lie. First of all you didn't do us any favors by keeping us waiting. If you don't take orders after 12:30 all you had to do was tell us that. We were never informed of our pizza being given away. We would have left if that were the case, rather than being strung along over a 6.00 pizza. 
 I am a vegetarian so, after a half an hour wait for a small plain pizza and you offer a chicken fajita pizza, for who knows how long it's been sitting there, of course I don't want it. On top of being a vegetarian, if we wanted a chicken fajita pizza that is what we would have ordered. Second of all, I never snarl, I am a lady... that is until you threaten us with a metal rod. 
Above all, you weren't able to do even your normal job right, which was to make and give us the pizza we ordered within a reasonable amount of time from the estimated time but, then you went and acted like a lunatic, swearing at us while waving your metal rod in the air, and acting as if you were a male dog marking your territory, speaking of, "this being my neighborhood."
You were unprofessional, irresponsible and frankly, crazed. 
Also, After behaving this way, you suggested we post an account of this on facebook. Close, facebook, yelp and twitter.Ordered from GrubHub when I didn't want to cook after a long day at work. They estimated 35-45 minutes. Our food arrived TWO HOURS later. The driver "couldn't read the receipt, the ink was light" and therefore could not find our house or read our phone number.
Good food could possibly excuse terrible service. However, in addition to everything obviously being cold (sorry, delivery driver, but keeping it in the warmer bag does not keep it warm for 90 minutes), the burger was overcooked and the salad unimpressive (I ordered the Greek salad - it did not have red cabbage or eggs as described on the menu, and was made with huge chunks of iceberg lettuce, not romaine). The garlic bread with the salad appeared to be a buttered/seasoned hamburger bun which was soggy and sad, and the onion rings were of the frozen minced type and completely inedible (probably from being in the bag for so long, hard to say). The stromboli was pretty good, so maybe if you're ordering pizza this place is worth it. I'm not sure I will try again to find out.I can't for the life of me understand the negative reviews, except that they are probably coming from Center City transplants.
I discovered Key Food Pizza about five years ago when a friend of mine ordered a pizza for dinner.  The crust was crunchy-chewy, the gravy had just the right amount of spices, and the cheese was bubbly hot and stringy. I was hooked!!!  I won't order pizza from anywhere else.  I especially love their veggie pizza; it's LOADED!
I love their Italian hoagies.  If you want to be comfortably full, order one with "the works."
As for the personnel, you couldn't ask for nicer people.  Whether you call in your order for delivery or pick-up, or walk in on the spur of the moment, they're courteous, and treat you like they've known you all your life.  AND, THEY GET THE ORDER RIGHT THE FIRST TIME!  As for having to wait, it's worth it!
As for the prices, you get what you pay for, and you DEFINITELY get your money's worth at Key Food Pizza.
So, if you think you can find something better, knock yourself out.  But show a business who has been here longer than most of the complainers some respect, OK?  For the newcomer to South Philly, give Key Food Pizza a try and enjoy; you won't be disappointed!Pizza isn't bad, however they charge whatever they feel like, not honoring the prices posted on the menu on a large display at the counter.  This practice has continued for some time now.I have filed a complaint with the state Attorney General. For that reason, I would avoid this establishment. Do not support eateries with unfair trade practices!Best customer service ever!  During the blizzards a couple of years ago, we called every pizza place we knew of and no one was delivering.  We then googled local pizza joints and Key Pizza came up so we decided to give them a try - and they were the only ones in S. Philly delivering.  Then, during the next blizzard, THEY actually called US to say that they're still open and delivering!  
The pizza is good, too.  Haven't had any of the other food, but definitely had a good experience.Key Pizza is a pretty standard corner pizza shop for South Philly, but they're really bringing things up to par these days. I saw the 2-star average this place had, but noted that they're mostly from 2010 and 2011. I think the owner is trying to spruce up the business and keep customers more happier now! 
You can't beat the price. Two medium pizzas for $10 (toppings extra) is the daily deal. This is about $2.50 per person for dinner if you split it 4 ways! My reason that it's not a 5 - the pizza is super greasy. Be prepared to blot with some napkins or let it drip off the slice before you take a bite. Yes, delicious, but a bit artery-clogging, too. 
There are a ton of pizza toppings to choose from, but the options don't stop at pizza! There are hoagies, wings, salads, and other side items which are tasty (and greasily lovely), too. 
The counter attendants have been friendly and welcoming when I've visited, and it's definitely a family-run shop. No chain conformity here! If you're looking for a late-nite grease-laden snack to hit the spot, Key Pizza is the place.I love this pizza place and I'm not sure why only 3 stars? Their pizza is always awesome and their vegetarian cheesesteak is my go to food to grab when friends are b town! It's cheap, fast and delicious!Key is a pretty solid choice for delivery in South Philly. I've tried a lot of their menu over the past, oh, seven years or so, and it's all been at least okay (except the wings, see below). The primavera pizza is a favorite choice of the vegetarian set, loaded with real veggies. The various stromboli options are all pretty solid -- calzones are better at Not Just Pizza, though. Cheesesteaks are good. They have a wide variety of fried stuff, if you're into the appetizers. The mild wings are a favorite of mine.
...Do not ever, ever order the HOT wings, however. For some bizarre and disgusting reason, the difference between mild and hot is not the addition of hot sauce, it is the addition of black pepper. Like, a cup of it. I didn't even know what to say when I tasted it, except "ew" and "my lord, why?". So yeah. Only the mild wings are edible. Beware.
On a non-food note, I found 22 typos in their takeout menu, thereby earning them the award for Most Typos In One Menu from this obsessive copyeditor. Good job, guys. I'd totally edit your menu for an order of Mega Fries, just FYI. :)We've been ordering pizza from Key for 5 years now.  I love their cheese pizza.  Their cheese has a really good flavor.  My teens love the buffalo chicken pizza.  Good wings too . Looking forward to many years of Key pizza to come. .Wanted to order a dozen wings.. Owner refused to sell me less than 25 (?). Got a cheesesteak which was nothing to write home about. Haven't been back since.Chewy pizza and bad customer service. Received wrong item via delivery, apparently due to a website error. Rude manager blamed the web designer and offered no fixes or recompense. Go to Francoluigi's for pizza instead, unless it's Mon or Tues when they're closed (which is why I ended up here). If it's one of those days, order Indian! :)I can't get enough of this place. Love, love, love. They are awesome on the phone. Quick delivery. Delicious. Once I was disappointed to get red peppers instead of green peppers, but we cleared up that disagreement and moved on. Every other time, it has been a match made in heaven.It's a standard pizza joint, no bells and whistles, but gets the job done and has really great daily family specials.  Francoluigi's pizza is still my favorite pizza, but you can't get deals there so if I'm craving a little something more, I order delivery from here.  I always opt for the deal that comes with two medium pizzas, two cheesesteaks and a 2 liter of soda (I think that's what it is...there's so many to choose from).  The buffalo wings are pretty decent, too.  Again, nothing outstanding, but gets the hangover cure in motion.
The pizza is pretty good- not great- but the crust is always nice and crunchy and it's not a greasy mess.  Their cheesesteaks are actually some of my favorite and are pretty damn tasty- whatever rolls they use are super fresh every single time I order them and they don't skimp on fried onions.  Fries are just mehh- cut too thick like wedges and soggy by the time you get them, which is usually to be expected with delivery.
The only complaint I have is that one time I ordered a family deal that was supposed to be $25 per the menu, so I had about $32 or $33 total to give the driver including his tip.  They didn't tell me the total on the phone (my pet peeve) so I assumed that with tax and delivery fee, the money I had would obviously be enough.  When he arrived, he didn't tell me how much it was, just sorta handed it to me cause he was in a rush.  And so I handed him the $32 and went inside and he drove off.  Only when I got inside did I realize the receipt said $32 and change. So not only did the poor guy not get a tip that day, but I was short like 20 cents.  
Either way, I'll continue ordering their cheesesteaks from here- you really can't beat the family specials.I have to write this review for Key Food pizza because it is so rare to find a fast food place with such amazing service nowadays! Also, this place is super under rated on Yelp and I want people to know it. To be honest, I seldom walk in any restaurants with less than 3 star review on Yelp but I am glad I gave this place a try that day when I was super hungry and I gotta stop by a closest food store to grab something...and this is how I found Key Food pizza. The owner is a super sweet guy who apparently takes pride about his pizza shop and he agreeted me with a big smile while I walked in. What is important is that the pizza there has thin crust which I love and taste very flavorful. I remembered I ordered the Mediterranean pizza and they put a lot of goodies on the pizza. The price is great on top of that. I really like this pizza place and since we have moved to south Philly now, Key Food has become our go to pizza place when we crave for juicy pizza!!I come to find out the tips you give on your card .......the owner keeps the tip and gives the driver 2.00$ flat rateKey Pizza is a neighborhood gem. The pizza is some of the best in South Philly and the owner and other workers go above and beyond to please customers. Oh, and the prices are always on point. This is our go-to delivery place - it should be yours too.The worst...waited an hour for my delivery!! I guess they were slowly burning my stromboli. Yes I'm picking off the "charcoal burnt" dough on the bottom of my late dinner as a side of my 15pc dry wings which I requested with a side of Hot Wing "sauce" never came with. So yes, I'm nibbling on bland ass wings!! I wish I can provide a picture perfect view of my dinner, its  better than the flavors this place could provide. I guess the "Key" here is...  never order "Key Pizza"!!!Ordered here a few times and the food is good and all but this really bumped down a star for me when I called today to order and I got a worker who screamed and yelled at me through the phone. Mind you I was asking for my family's preferences for their pizza and when I didn't answer him right away he just lost it. Bad customer service. Lost all my respect for this place.The food at this place isn't good enough for me to want to pay a $2.75 surcharge just to use my credit or debit card. The people behind the counter weren't very friendly, either. There are so many pizza places in the vicinity with better food, service AND no surcharge... I'll head to one of those next time.This was my first time ordering from Key pizza and both the food and service was superb.
Great neighborhood joint. I will definitely be back to try out more things on their menu.Came here for the special $4.99 for 2 slices and a soda! Great deal and tasty pizza! I'll definitely be back again.
Huge plus that the owner is super nice!This owner could teach business classes. A simple $2 decision guaranteed hundreds of dollars from my group a month (game night + poker night = lots of takeout). I was a first time order er and only because my usual place stopped delivering (looking at you Omega). Owner recognized I was a new customer and threw a free two liter of soda in just for being a first timer. Listen to me business owners GOOD CUSTOMER SERVICE KEEPS PEOPLE COMING BACK!
Bacon could be cooked a little longer on the burgers but the BBQ wings are absolutely killer. So good that poker stops when the wings hit the table. Fifth star only withheld because of all the problems with delivery. They get lost on the way to my house and no matter how much I ask them not to they still ring the doorbell (little one goes to bed early). Those minor flaws aside this place absolutely rocks, ordering tonight for the Monday night football gameGrowing up in south Philly I was use to genos or patts cheesesteaks. A friend of mine recommended the place, so when day I decided to give it a try and it had me licking my fingers for more. This place had great prices and quick service definitely going to order again!!!I ordered take out here but the bar across the street said no. So we ate here at key pizza! An order of mozzarella sticks, broccoli bites, and a pepperoni mushroom pie later, we're best friends with Stephano! And with the perfect crusty pizza and neighborhood vibe.. all three of us have found our new pizza spot!!!I will occasionally grab a slice or two when I'm desperate, which I have to doctor up at home. In general the food is mediocre at best and they don't seem to care. It's a shame because with minimal effort it could be decent. And by minimal effort I mean seasoning, cooking things correctly/thoroughly, and not using shitty ingredients.This place is awesome!! I'm a sucker for pizza, I could literally eat it everyday. But, it's so hard to find pizza that is good quality and taste. This is the best philly pizza I've had! All food is made to order, it's not sitting in a window pre made waiting to be ordered and heated up. They even make their own sodas, super cool! I highly recommend this place. I'm lucky enough to live a few blocks away!I'm so pleased, I was too lazy to cook today and craving New Years pizza.  I called my normal place and they clearly weren't open I actually tried a few places.   Not only was Key Pizza open but they were soo sweet and patient on the phone.   I got the veggie pizza- its pretty good.  I can't complain it comes with all the standard toppings a veggie pizza should have olives, green peppers etc and it has seasoning as well, Mmmm.  A  little soggy but veggie and thin crust pizza, eh.
Poor delivery guy  I think my crappy delayed math skills made him think i was going to stiff him but he didn't get upset or grumpy- just looked heart broken-  don't worry he was tipped.I'm pretty puzzled by the negative reviews... The customer service was wonderful. I had the best anchovy pizza here. I was a walk in; they were very busy; but I didn't have to wait very long. Only do pizza once in a blue moon, but I will definitely come back here when the craving hits again.This place is awesome! I have no idea why they only have 3 stars! I'm a vegetarian and looked far and wide for a decent vegetarian cheese steak and this place has, by far, the best vegetarian cheese steak ever! I'll be driving down the Schuylkill and I'll start craving it so I call them up, place an order for take out, and stop on my way home! The owner is also super nice and is usually working the grill, it's a family owned restaurant! My boyfriend said their regular cheese steak is really good and their Italian hoagie is amazing as well! Great place! Will definitely continue to stop by!Best pizza ever.  We fight over the crust in my household.  Friendly staff and quick delivery if you live in the neighborhood.  
Take out or delivery only.Key Pizza was awesome and delivered to my house the day after a giant blizzard. The cheese pizza was delicious and the chicken fingers are super good. I will definitely order from them again.My Wife and I order pizza delivery from Key almost every week.  This week, the pizza arrived after 6 minutes!  I asked the driver how they could cook and deliver a pizza in 6 minutes and he said it was longer than that.  I paid him, took the pizza and checked my phone.  I had called them 6 minutes ago!  Worse, it was only slightly warm.  I called them and the woman said it was ordered by someone else who had cancelled.  She promised to send a fresh pizza.  Right after that, a man called and insisted that the pizza had come fresh from the oven right after I called.  "How come it was barely warm then," I asked, and he hung up on me.  We never got a fresh pizza.  BE SURE TO CALL KEY PIZZA IF YOU WANT TO PAY FULL PRICE FOR LUKEWARM LEFTOVERS AND LIES!  NEVER AGAIN!I've been ordering food from this place for nearly 10 yrs, we usually only order certain items because honestly not everything is great tasting and we don't eat red meat... so with that being said in the past year we've noticed that our order were not always perfect.  The pizza that we usually order at least once a week started to taste very blan.  My son only eats cheese pizza and even he's noticed it's gotten worse(he's 10 by the way) they started to pack on the sauce.  The pizza is usually under cooked and cheese slides right off because there is so much sauce. That's the first issue I'm writing about.  Second is they have messed up our order a few times and we just deal with it and don't call to complain.  Third issue recently is they always run out of mushrooms and green peppers! WTH! How does a pizza place run out of those items?? This has happened quite a lot in the past year. So when we call , we always ask before we order if they have mushrooms and green peppers, and they usually have only one of them. Lol crazy!  So with all that being said , in the last 2 weeks they made us our usual chicken cheese steak (last week) and it had a piece of rock/stone in it.  Not sure why it was but it nearly chipped my husbands tooth. So they actually accommodated us and sent us a new mushroom chicken cheesesteak (no green peppers that day ) so today we decided to get it again and they sent a BEEF cheesesteak.  We DONT eat beef. At all!! So you would think that this business that we've been eating at for 10 yrs would say sorry and send us a chicken cheese steak ... NOT.  This ass**** owner told us that we said cheesesteak, not chicken cheesesteak.  He actually tried to argue with my husband about what he said and basically was like tuff. I'm not giving your money back or giving you what you said you ordered.   So buyer beware!!! They won't give you what you ordered if they make the mistake.   They are very nasty and rude about it.  If they keep doing these things they won't be in business too much longer.  This is the second time that we ordered a chicken cheesesteak and they sent us beef. Our dog is very happy because she's not picky... lol. Also about a year ago I tried to use Grubhub for an order and after an hour an half I called looking for our food and the nasty owner said he never received it.  He asked me not to use grub hub because they would rather we just call and order from them and use cash!!  I wasn't happy because I love using Grubhub. Why they don't just remove themselves from Grubhub, I don't know. Dear Key Pizza owner " take your business off Grubhub if you don't want customers using it!!'"   Today was our last day eating at Key, RIP Key pizza.  We'll definitely have no issues finding a better pizza joint, there's many in south philly to pick from. Peace out!I went to Key Pizza for the first time last week after trying a few local pizza places in South Philly that were nothing to write home about. The service was fast, the employees were friendly, and the prices were very reasonable. Best of all -- everything I ordered was amazing. The pizza, cheese steak, and fries were the best I've had since moving to South Philly last year. My fiancee and I go here at least a few times per month. Highly, highly recommended.i really enjoyed their cheesesteaks. the only problem i had was with the wings. i ordered 10 wings and i expected them to come with bleu cheese and celery, and they didnt. they could've at least told me that i would have to include that in the order. also, the breaded mushrooms, they were soggy. it tasted as though they were dipped in water after fried, but the actual mushroom inside was fantastic. ill order there many more times in the future despite the flaws.I'm from Arizona, here for the lacrosse tourney, and Philly has been awesome. With that being said, idk if this is just how Philly food is, but my friend and I ordered a large pizza and wings last night. We paid two extra dollars for pepperoni, and there was probably 10 pepperoni's on the whole pizza. Both the wings and pizza were pretty nasty. The ranch was disgusting too and I love ranch. Anyway, I wouldn't go here.I've gotten delivery from here a few times and each time has been a hassle.  The first two times I ordered (using Grubhub) I didn't have any cash so I put the tip on my credit card when I ordered.  I got chastised both times by the driver to always tip in cash because he doesn't get that money, etc etc.  I didn't think the pizza was bland at all, the crust was crispy, perfect amount of red sauce and cheese and cooked to perfection. The pizza was actually so delicious, that I decided to brush off my experience with the delivery driver. 
I decided to order again this week because my mom is in town and she can't get decent pizza in North Carolina (for some reason there's no pizzerias down there except for the chains).  Remembering my past experiences, I decided to tip in cash and clicked the appropriate buttons in Grubhub to do so.  I received a call about 10 minutes later from Grubhub stating that the owner of the business called them (Grubhub) and asked if I could put the tip on my card because they're having an issue with their drivers.  The woman from Grubhub even remarked how unusual of a request this was.  I agreed to putting the tip on the card but made sure I told her about my past issues with the drivers complaining which is why I tipped in cash.  
To make the situation even worse, the pizza was completely different from my previous ones.  It was completely tasteless and WAY WAY overcooked.  I apologized to my mom because I knew it wasn't the "pizzeria" pizza she was craving.  The only SLIGHTLY redeeming thing about the whole meal was the mozzarella sticks, which were probably just frozen ones that they tossed into a fryer.  My mom even remarked how the dipping sauce was bland.
I think there is definitely some shady business practices going on here and I don't think I will ever order from here again.Out of town from Viginia with family. Stopped by restaurant with local cousin. The owner and staff make you feel like family, really welcoming.  The food was amazing! We had phili subs, pizzas, and burgers. Will definitely be going back next visit.I introduced a friend of mine to Key Pizza last week. I just received a text message from that same friend, "There is a stomach lock that only key pizza can open."I have gave these guys so many chances, finally willing to call it quits. Even though their pizza can be quite good, have gotten a pie on numerous occasions that is falling apart from the dough being so flimsy and uncooked that the pizza is inedible.This pizza was terrible in every sense of the word. I would be more creative with my review, but honestly, it isn't worth my time.If you want a box of greasy cheese that takes an hour to deliver, order from here. By far the worst pizza, the crust was so thin and flimsy I couldn't even pick it up? I had to eat it with a fork. It was bland and not goodWalked in and ordered 3 whole wings, and they were fried and seasoned to absolute perfection! They also threw some hot sauce in the bag WITHOUT my having to ask. Best fried wings I've had in fishtown.This is my go-to pizza place. They cook it exactly the way I like it. I see complaints here about the staff, but I've never had an issue and the pizza is always ready when they say it will be.it's just a neighborhood pizza-and-other-stuff place. I probably wouldn't order anything from them ever if they weren't so close and quick with delivery, although it annoys me how the delivery dude just honks a lot when he pulls up to my house. is it that hard to get out and ring the doorbell? maybe it's just the fishtown way.Do not order here. We ordered a pepperoni pizza, a small white pizza, and a bottle of soda at 7.50pm. 45 minutes later I called to try and get an ETA, they said it was on the way. Another 45 minutes later and still no sign. At the 2 hour mark the driver shows up with cold pizza and excuses. We live 5-10 minutes walk away and seriously regret ordering for delivery. How does it take 2 hours? I call the place back to speak to a manager because I'm understandably upset by this point. Manager says they can have fresh pizza out to me in 15 minutes, which is fair I guess, but at this point I need to get ready for bed as I have work early in the morning. The manager says if I want a refund he will have to send someone to us to pick up the stale, cold pizza that I seriously don't want to eat because I'm too mad to even touch it. Like.. am I going to wait another 2 hours for someone to come collect their mistake so I don't have to pay for it? Never ordering from here again. Seriously. No idea if the food would have been any good. Refuse to eat this BS.Love this place! This is my goto place to order food! Always consistent always fresh! Love the huge slices! Salads are huge and tasty I've never had a bad experience! Delivery drivers are awesome fast and efficient! Can't say one bad thing about this place hands down best eats in fishtown!For dinner tonight, I ordered a large pizza with ham & mushrooms. It arrived 35 minutes later with a golden brown crust. Turns out, that's the only part of the pizza that actually cooked. The entire pie is uncooked dough.
Greeeat.
I called back to complain and they offered to send me out a new pizza. I opted for a free topping with my next order.There isn't anything special about their pizza. This is a solid slice shop on a neighborhood full of artisan pies. I thought their wings were good. The pizza comes a bit cheesy which means greasy but its that part of the experience? I'm sure I will order from here again.Love their pizza! It's super cheesy and reminds me of NY pizza. So delicious! The food always smells amazing when I walk past, which is what drew me in originally. Big plus - they're open late!! And are super friendly! Perfect place for a quick slice.I hate to defame a place. But sweet broken christ, holy sh--, how the f--- do they make a hamburger, fries and chicken wings all taste exactly the same and be the same color?
Some day a real rain is going to come down and wash away all the scum and garbage.this place is awesome! the fresh bbq wings are the best in taste and they big. I try almost everything in there and never had a problem. The pasta is ok, but the salads are good portions and the Spanish food too. The pizza is the best pizza around!, they put a big amount of cheese that you can see and taste. Good place to order for sure!I have been avoiding Key Pizza, but not by choice. When I lived on Memphis a few years ago, Key Pizza didn't accept credit cards. I'm not a girl to carry cash, and by the time I was home and snuggled on the couch, I didn't have the energy to find an ATM.
Last night however, after almost 3 years, I ordered a pizza from Key. Not just any pizza though; a meat lovers!
Every bite was more delicious than the one before. Each slice had just the right amount of sauce and cheese, loaded with delicious meats. Key Pizza holds a place in my heart as one of the best pizza's I've ever eaten. Quick delivery, decent prices and the most delectable pizza money can buy.
Also, the girl on the phone let me know that so long as your order is over $10, credit cards are now welcome!If I could give less than 1 Star, I would. I ordered 3 items and the guy who took my order even repeated it back to me and we ended up getting only 2 of the 3 items. To add insult to injury, it took them nearly an hour to get the order to us. Finally, the food was not even worth the wait. I strongly recommend that you STAY AWAY FROM THIS PLACE. They ought to be ashamed of themselves. Hire someone new to take down orders, someone who can actually do their job.The food was great, well I imagine it would've been if it ever showed up. I ordered through grub hub and when I called after a good half hour of it not showing up when they said it would the person made an excuse saying that grub hub shut down and when it rebooted my order some how didn't come through with the rest of them.Can't believe this place doesn't have better ratings. I've been ordering from Key Pizza for years and never a bad experience. Chicken parm, white pizza and wings are always soo good.The food and review would be better if the service wasn't incompetent. Regardless of how you order (grubhub or calling) be prepared to wait an additional half hour on top of the wait time you're given.My roomate orders pizza here which is average, but the bbq wings are quite good. they have reg buffalo wings too. This place is alright. Oh yea the delivery guy sometimes will deliver cigarettes to my roomate with an order for an inflated price. I guess thats cool if you are having a nic fit.I was really close to getting pizza somewhere else after reading the reviews of Key Pizza, but the fact that it was really close and had a great deal on pizzas made me change my mind. It appears that they are really trying to change their image, because I didn't have nearly the bad experience that others have had.
I was greeted by friendly people as I walked in, and they had my order ready to go. When I found out that I was a little short on change, one of the guys behind the counter told me to forget about it. Not bad on the service side, I'd say!
As for the pizza - it was pretty good! I wouldn't say it's the best pizza that I've had in the City, but it was definitely not terrible. The crust is crispy, and there is plenty of grease to go around. It's well balanced by the zesty sauce and well-portioned mozzarella. There are a ton of different toppings to choose from (but I prefer simple pepperoni). 
I'd definitely consider returning to Key Pizza when the mood for an affordable, tasty, (and maybe greasy) Italian pie strikes again.We love Key Pizza!  Great pizza, great stromboli - no kidding, the large weighs about 4 pounds.  It's a chunk!
What we all refer to as hot wings, they call "fresh wings" - they are nice.  
Sandwiches, heroes and hoagies - nothing too special but portions are more than generous and give that fix - y'all know what I mean.This is my favorite pizza in Fishtown. Their calzone is also great. Believe it or not, so are their steaks.
All in all, this is my absolute favorite neighborhood pizza joint. If you're looking for real pizza, steaks, wings, or calzone (not the gourmet stuff) Key is the best. Period.I had a cheese burger and fries I liked it. 
My boyfriend got a buffalo chicken wrap and only ate half, he didn't like it so much. 
I would consider going back and trying other foods they offer.Horrible. Used to be better, a staple for me. Past six months service is consistearly rude and the pizza terrible. I hope they close soon.In terms of food, they are absolutely wonderful. 
However, when it comes to late night service, not so much.
My boyfriend and I are night owls, so we tend to order late. On more than one occasion we have tried to order food between 25-30 minutes before they close. Now on the menu, it says last orders are taken 15 minutes before close. So then why is it when I call 25-30 minutes before close, nobody answers? Even with the clock being off a few minutes, that still gives them enough time to take my order. 
One night, we called at least 30 minutes before they closed, and they didn't answer. So my boyfriend walked there to see if anyone was even there. There was a full staff inside with the doors locked. They then told him the only thing he could get was a slice. Really? They're supposed to close at 1am, and he arrives at 12:35 and all he could get was a slice? That is terrible customer service. And the worst part is, the people that work there are pretty awesome. So this is just a really poor judgement call. 
Sorry to say I won't be going back here.This was one of my favorite fast food restaurants but fortunately. I'm a little upset with how my food been coming out. Because every time I go there My food is cold,no ex cheese and water down. They have two head Cooks or Owners. I'm not sure who is who. But one is tall and skinny and the other is short and husky. The short one he knows how to cook. But the tall guy is always on the phone always at the register all around the store. Everytime he's there Our order is wrong!! And We don't find out that the food is wrong until We are home and I live too far to go back. And every time he cooked the tall guy cooked our food the order gets messed up all the time. I went there and ordered a salad and it had a lot of water in the tray. I called back to the store and told the young lady that answered the phone about my salad. She didn't want to hear what I had to say so I asked to speak to the manager. Omg the manager was the tall guy  thatI dont care for and they have me on holded for so long so I hung up and called back. The Manger was telling me  that they have the lettuce in water and someone forgot to drain it and I told him that it wasn't my fault. The salad  shouldn't be in water. It should be already cut and prepare for a salad and how about if I wanted a sandwich my lettuce would have been wet ???? It don't make any sense to me so I stopped going to the restaurant for a while. And a nother time I went their and ask for a spinach salad and they was taking to long. I really wasn't paying attention. was on my phone and it was the skinny guy again. He ask one of the drivers to run to the supermarket to get bagged spinach to prepare my spinach salad. I should've have got my money back. But I was  coming from Jersey and I didn't cooked dinner. That's wasn't good business. They really need to do better.Disgusting. So disappointed to spend $40 for horrible pizza. There was absolutely no garlic on a white pizza, the ricotta was sour and inedible, and the tomatoes and spinach were far from fresh. I wanted to bring the whole mess back but my boyfriend thought it would be a bad idea. If you want good pizza you won't find it here. This place is hit or miss for us. Sometimes it's fresh and good and sometimes it's garbage. I'm done ordering from here. Plenty of better places around.I feel bad for writing this, but I guess that's what Yelp is for...
The place does not look clean. 
The staff is nice, but that is not enough to make a business run properly. 
The pizza was not good; plain, no flavor. I think id make a better crust myself. I was not enjoying the thought of eating the slice of pizza i ordered after I saw how it was prepared: they took a giant slice from already made pizza that was sitting up on top of the oven. God knows how long its been sitting there! They threw on it some tomatoes, dead looking spinach leaves and mushrooms (these were the extra toppings I requested). They put the slice back in the oven and warmed it up. Well, none of the veggies actually cooked through. I tried it, but didn't want to finish it. It just didn't taste right. 
Sorry, won't be back :(Ordered salads, both were soggy and looked like they'd been dropped on the floor. Chicken was on the bottom with the water and cheese and way too much dressing even though we asked for it on the side. The fries were soggy as well. Maybe this was an off day but I have ordered food before from here and it's been really good so I don't know what happened tonight.they  have good large pizzas. any other size is usually frozen crust.large or xtra lrg are fresh dough. i really like the quesadlla's ,probably the best thing they have.steaks and burgers are served on very dry crumbly rolls most times. instead of fries order potato wedges. its hit or miss but at least half the menu is above averageNext time you feel like ordering from key pizza just open a can of dog food because that's what it's going to taste like.Overall, I think Key Pizza is just your standard Philly pizza/hoagie shop with all the little extra stuff like ice cream and candy. I just moved to the area from South Philly but I might relate them to Steak Em Up. My girlfriend is vegetarian and they did honor her "no bacon" rule in the mega fries which a lot of places won't do, or should I say, usually forget to do. Decent food if you're looking for something quick. Staff is pretty much your typical "I'm from the neighborhood" staff. They might seem a little pushy if they're overwhelmed but they're mostly nice people.they have the world's best pizza which just melts in your mouth,  delivery service is great you only wait for a delivery to your house  say 1/2 hr.  all their food is out of thos world  i usually call an order in say 3times a week.This pizza made me sick to my stomach. If I had to give this pizza one adjective it would be gelatinous. Overly soft, limp dough, tasteless sauce, poor quality cheese. I'm a huge fan of good and crummy pizza, but I will definitely steer clear of this place in the future.I have stated before I won't give a bad review unless I've tried a place twice. This is crazy. why would I try a bad place again? especially if my complaints are the same as I've read here on yelp?
setting: living room, Kensington
food  : Key pizza plain pie and cheese fries (this is a common take out theme in the living room)
people: me. and him.
me: somehow I think this would all be more enjoyable if things were cooked differently
him: you mean if the pizza wasn't raw and the fries were not burnt?
scene.The staff was nice on the phone, food was delivered promptly, and it was pipng hot when received.  The pizza was all right and the sauce tasty, but the dough-sauce-cheese balance wasn't great.  Too much dough, not enough sauce and too much cheese.
Overall, a serviceable American-style "Neapolitan" pie, but nothing to write home about.The upside-down pizza is the only thing worth eating.  That way, you can at least see the sauce so you would know that you actually are receiving some.  It's a one block solution for a two-mile Santucci problem.We ordered pizza last night.  Called at 6:30.  Requested "thin and crisp".  Waited over an hour for the pizza and it was almost cold by the time it arrived and was neither thin nor crispy. I had to put it in the over to heat it and try to crisp it up. It was almost 8 PM by then.  It did have a good flavor after that, but don't think it was worth the long wait, and if I wanted to cook, I would not have called out to begin with.  We probably won't be calling Key Pizza again.  Sorry.Unpretentious and a neighborhood institution. Go for the upside-down pizza! It's perfect. Use common sense and control your expectations if you plan to just throw a dart at anything on their menu.This is honestly the best Stromboli I've gotten anywhere (besides homemade) in a very long time! Always quick delivery the foods always hot, and I love how they're on grubhub.Fast service but my buffalo chicken pizza was a mess. The cutting was all over the place and I couldn't get an actual piece of pizza. The taste is just subpar.Consistently good food. We tend to order the same things on repeat: Square pepperoni pizza, meatball grinder, chicken parm and jalapeño poppers (cheddar filled). All are very good.From NYC to Philly .. Pizza is hard to come
By. Sorry GOOD pizza is hard to come by. The day my boyfriend moved to the area I needed to quick grab a pizza to feed the guys and I came in here just said "large pie to go" they had one premade for slices and were nice enough to give me the whole thing cause I was in a rush. $17? I believe which I was like okay not too bad of a price for a large pie. THE DAMN PIZZA WAS BIGGER THAN ME!! 24" pie!! I died laughing and could barely fit the box in the car. Everyone was super entertained that I came back with a huge pizza. But it was actually good pizza! I was happy with it. And there were pleanty of left oversKey Pizza can go suck an egg. If I say how I really feel about this place, I might get kicked off Yelp.
The staff is rude, the pizza crust is often undercooked (we had to take a pizza back once, to have them finish cooking it!) and the milkshakes, which were deceivingly good at one time, taste like watered down chocolate milk. Oh, the milkshakes ... bad memories are resurfacing here. Can't. Discuss. It. Any. Longer.
It's just too bad Key is one of the few joints in the neighborhood that stays open pretty late on the weekends. Phooey.
I'm so over this place.This place is disgusting. They actually sold me a plain pie that was not fully cooked! The cheese slid all over the box when it was handled like any other fresh pie being carried and when my son picked up a piece he practically took the whole pie while the dough just kept expanding like it was raw. When I called to complain, I was told to bring back the foul thing or they wouldn't replace it. There was no way I was going to walk back there with that mess in my hands, but they would't take my word for it. Instead they treated me like con artist who wanted a free pie even though we've ordered from them before. Keep in mind that while they've always served food that was made with cheap ingredients and careless preparation, I've never complained because it's pretty obvious that the convenience of the location and my laziness to cook, drive, or pay for delivery would have it's consequences. But this raw pie was the last straw! Their unwillingness to make things right without inconveniencing me made my blood boil. We order from Franco's Pizza at 2573 Tulip St. now. It's not that far and the pizza is at least made with some care, it's more than edible, and the staff is kind. I will NEVER order from this place again! So, this incident actually turned out to be the best thing that ever happened to me and my family when it comes to enjoying a pizza with no hassle or complaints.I always call Key Pizza "the best bad pizza" in the city. If I'm low on cash and craving pizza, I'll go to Key. It's very doughy and very cheesy and very greasy and very delicious and usually makes me sick hours later or the next day, but I still think it's worth it and will continue to go there.Wow! Absolutely amazing pizza!! I was very weary to try this pizza when I seen that it only had 2 and a half stars, but boy am I glad I did tried it!! The Crust had the perfect amount of thickness, the cheese was divine, and the toppings were delectable. Hit the spot. I would recommend this pizza to everyone. Great pizza!!!!Key Pizza used to be good 15-20 years ago but they have changed ownership several times and it shows. We ordered a small veggie pizza (very gross), a bacon cheeseburger platter with extra crispy fries (no bacon on burger and fries were unseasoned and mushy) wings (done correctly) and chicken fingers (way over cooked). The order was repeated several times on the phone but it still came to us messed up. Do yourself a favor and order from Franco's, Central Pizza or Fishtown Pizza and avoid Key Pizza.Their food is really good. This review isn't about that, though. I ordered via Grubhub, and waited over an hour. When I checked the order status, it said my order had been accepted and was being prepared. I contacted Grubhub and they said the restaurant WAS CLOSED, and that they automatically accepted the order anyway. I am furious. This is bad business.NOT WORTH THE TIME!!! People who work here are rude to you on purpose or to random customers who doesn't know anyone that works there. Bf came in for just a slice when the cook told him he had to get in line right when some dude walks in who happens to know the cook gives the dude the last two slices of pizza. Great work on treating every customers equally, key pizza. Meanwhile,  less Important customers have to wait in line..here from the D.C. area, originally from NY. went as soon as they opened and waited for the first pizza pie to come out of the oven. i just had a slice and it was delicious!! the staff is cool, talked to me as i waited. i'm definitely going back to try the chicken wings, salads and sub sandwiches!Ordered from here and they didn't put what I ordered in my order. And when I called back to tell them i got a fuck as a greeting and then she told me that she didn't even put it on my order. They are not professional over there and will not go backThis is a good cheesesteak but I think it got some points for being near Philadelphia Brewing Company.  I got the one foot Royal cheesesteak. $8.95, mic drop.  I loved the roll.  The Royal Cheesesteak comes with a lot of extras and sauce which normally destroy the roll.  In this case the roll held together magnificently.  I guess a good scientific experiment is taking this Cheesesteak for a half hour ride before eating it and then seeing how the roll holds up.  Luckily the Philadelphia Brewing Company is around the corner and do we really need to get this scientific with our cheesesteaks.  Good size cheesesteak, $8.95, very flavorful and Philadelphia Brewing Company around the corner.  Very good overall experience.  Except for the stupid van in front of Philadelphia Brewing company that ruined my pictures.We love the pizza here, taking off one star because the delivery always takes a while and is kind of a mess. They once delivered all our sides and forgot to bring the pizza, I don't even know how they managed that one. We try to pick up now to avoid the wait and make sure all our items are there and correct, but haven't been disappointed with the food yet.Is there a 0 star for this place? Ordered food. Over an hour goes by, no food. I call they said the order is out for delivery. Half hour later call again to tell me the driver delivered the food. Wrong address and somebody paid for it. Meanwhile I used my credit card for the order. So something isn't flying here. Was gonna give them the benefit of the doubt and replace the order but they decided only to take $5 off my order. DisgraceI've always received good food from this place. My go-to pizza spot in this area. Great pizza and the cheese steaks are delicious.Nice people and consistently good food. They are a great late night option if you work late, and their prices are very reasonable.
Late night pierogies?! SOLD!!!! I usually get their cheesesteaks or sandwiches, so I can't judge the pizza. Every time I order the food is fresh, hot, and I have never had a problem.One of my top favorites pizza stores around here , everything I had from them is really good I had quite a few foods every time I order it constant great tasting food highly recommend 10/10I've been in search of a good pizza in Fishtown that didn't cost an arm and a leg. I drive past Key everyday and decided to stop in one day. DELICIOUS pizza. The crust is amazing! I like their square pie better than the circle but both are really good. Definitely worth trying. It's my new go-to spot!!!Pizza shop gyro and burger were pretty large and classic, plus a great deal. Food was hot, that kind of heat that doesn't go away and is trapped in the styrofoam container, even after you walk 15 minutes back home. The burger was large and the patty was better quality than other pizza places, and the amount of fries on the side was ridiculous. I was eating fries for 2 days! Gyro came with a good tzatziki sauce, fresh lettuce and tomato, and strong onion. For the price, convenience, and speed, would definitely come back for a quick bite if I was in the area.White pizza with mushrooms for the win! Consistently good and convenient neighborhood pizza at Key!It's my favorite place to order Hawaiian pizza and arroz con pollo! The Spanish food is really really good! Better for pick up.HORRIBLE! Is one way to put it. Me and my mom ordered a small pizza and BLT and my bacon came as hard as a rock!! The sandwhich was useless.
My moms pizza was cold and half cooked the dough was a little raw. Then when we called back telling them we wanted our money back because we couldn't eat they gave me an attitude and once my mom handled it she said shes get her manager to refund us the money on my card. 2 weeks later we check and they never gave us our money back! Worst pizza place in fishtown/port richmond area let alone anywhere Ive ever been. This place needs to be shut down so many people have negative things to say about the cleanliness as well. Never ordering here again.Key Pizza doesn't look particularly appetizing from the outside but don't let that fool you. In a sea of fancy pizzas with locally sourced vegan pancetta and organic heirloom tomato sauce, this is exactly what you want when it's late and you've had a couple drinks and it's half a block away. Is it vegan? I sure as hell hope not. Is it good for you? Questionable. But in my opinion it's the best place I've found in Philly to get a normal, satisfying pizza for less than $10. I've never had an issue with the service or quality. Definitely a fan.Well, today, my pizza arrived with half the toppings off to one corner from f the box after waiting for an hour when they live five blocks away... what's unfortunate is that I always order from there and it's usually spot on, but this time, they wouldn't even offer a proper apology for how their pizza arrived.