The chicken wings on a stick were good. My picky baby likes it too. A bit pricey for 2 but they went through a genocide so ill denote for some good wings.Had the 3 meat combo, chicken, beef, and sausage. It's one of the only places that ever gave me enough rice to go with the main. Was really impressed with the flavor and char on the meat. Will definitely come back.I have never had Cambodian food before, but the skewers here were delicious! I had the platter with chicken hearts, beef, and sausage. I love chicken hearts and these were seasoned and cooked well. The sausage she said was homemade and it was so good! Beef was slightly overcooked for my liking (I'm like rare to medium rare steak kind of person) but still yummy. The platter comes with rice and salad. Put some fish sauce on top of all that and YUMMM! Really tasty casual take out spot in the new Chinatown Square food court.Consider it a reward if you jog at FDR park and pass by the Cambodian market for "snacks". I absolutely LOVE their chicken on a stick and other treats. Looking at the pictures, I was excited that I could go to Chinatown on my lunch break and have a quick and delicious meal. The sausage is also great. I am definitely going back because they sold out of chicken hearts and I love those, too!
Khmer Grill is located at the Food Court where Halal  Guys and numerous other little stands are located. There is a seating area in the back and what appeared to be private bathrooms.Excellent grilled meats.
I ordered the three meat combo. All meats are glazed with a lightly sweet marinade and charred over a grill. The meats hold the smokiness very well. None are spicy.
I found the beef, sausage, and wing to all be exceptional. The sausage is juicy and lightly sweet with a smoky charred outside.
The beef was just a little tough. But its deep savour and middle lime sweetness redeemed the extra chew. The wing didnt have a ton of meat, but what meat it had was tender, juicy, lightly sweet, well seasoned, and smokey.
The rice was unseasoned and a bit dry/flavorless without any accompanying sauce. I found that an odd choice. 5/5 for the meats. 2/5 for the rice. 4.5 overall score. Definitely worth checking out of you're in Chinatown or the neighborhoods nearby.Wow.... i cant believe how good this restaurant was... Since its in a food court in Chinatown you might think that its probably going to be some greasy fast food joint but it will surprise you!!
We ordered the combo grill which comes with either rice and salad and then you can pick you meats - i chose boneless chicken, beef and chicken hearts... we also got a papaya salad on the side... 
Mannnnnn oohhh mannn.... the food was amazing! They also gave us pickles and pickled cabage and ground pepper to compliment the food.. i wish they had this place in NY..!!Great little shop of tasty BBQ in the very cool new Chinatown Square. 
Stopped by for a quick bite while exploring Chinatown Square (overall a nice new location but didn't try out much else). I got meat skewers which were extremely flavorful and tasty. My girlfriend and I sat at the small counter to rest our feet and wait for the food to come out. The wonderful shop owner, Janice, asked us to stay because the news crew was coming and it looked good to have people eating at the counter. The news crew came but never actually taped us, so we ended up waiting there a while. Janice is wonderful and not only gave us a sausage while we were waiting, but went across the aisle to the bar and got us an awesome pineapple drink. Extremely nice! Had a wonderful time talking to her and finding out about her backstory and the story of the restaurant. 
The sausage- probably the best sausage I've ever had. A combination of flavors I didn't think would work in a sausage but worked perfectly together. And perfectly cooked. I would eat 100 of those sausages!
Pro tip: The whole place has a liquor license, even if the Grill doesn't sell it. So pick up a drink from the bar across the aisle and get some food. That sounds like a good time to me!I was in Philadelphia for a work conference and was surprised to find a place that served Cambodian food.  I ordered the gizzard, chicken heart, and sausage and it tasted amazing! The food blew my expectations and I wish I had discovered this place sooner. 
The grilled skewers reminds me of going to the Buddhist Temple and getting food made by the grandmas over there. The spice and seasoning was spot on. Give it a try! 
If I was in Philadelphia again, I would definitely eat here every day while in town.Khmer grill definitely has good potential. I can see the value in their meals coming in at $7 for a 3 meat combo. We didn't want a whole meal and opted for a bbq order. We got the sausage order which came with 3 sticks and sauce. The sausages were juicy, slightly sweet and very fatty. Nothing amazing but not bad either. I would very much go for the chicken hearts, gizzards or beef combo next time around!Cambodian street food on a stick! Can't get better than that :) We got both the large and small platters where you can choose from 3-4 meat options and it comes with jasmine white rice and a small bowl of pickled veg. We also ordered the papaya salad, spicy. Everything was really good and the flavors were on point! I'm excited there's more Khmer food options in Philly! Must come here!Came here because I saw the reviews and ordered a large platter with beef, sausage, chicken, and gizzard. The food came out warm and the rice was way overcooked. Maybe it was the time I went (6 PM), but it was an extremely unremarkable meal; a 3 star place at best.Finally made it to this place today (Mother's Day).  I ordered the beef sticks, chicken wings, gizzards, sticky rice, and papaya salad.  The food is legit!!  Pretty authentic!  Would highly recommend!Great service, great food from a place with a lot of choices.  If you want to taste something different in the Chinatown area, I recommend this place.  PLENTY OF FLAVORS. Try the beef kabobs with pickles cabbages,carrots cucumbers.I'm Khmer and can attest to the authenticity and quality of the food at khmer grill.  Everything was delicious and reminded me of my mom's cooking.  My favorites are the grill beef and sausage and the slaw.  Try it , you won't be disappointed!!!Something different for Chinatown. It was nice going to the karaoke bar upstairs and being able to grab some skewers while we drank. Definitely pricey, but worth it.I really like this place. Very simple and delicious. I ordered the beef and chicken heart sticks with sticky rice and papaya salad. The meats were delicious, the papaya salad was okay. I really wanted to like the papaya salad but I felt like it was missing something! Although I felt the price is a tad bit expensive than what I am used to, I would definitely stop by again. I hear great things about the stuffed chicken and would like to try that next time. So happy that there is Cambodian food in Chinatown--so close to where I live and easily accessible for when I'm craving food from home :)This place is located in Chinatown Square food court lined up next to a bunch of other small stands.  It was 7pm and a Saturday and I didn't have to wait in line at all.
I ordered a Regular Sized Platter [$6.99]
It comes with:
-3 skewers with your choice of meat
(I went with Beef Stick, Chicken Wing and Sausage)
-Jasmine rice normally
(I substituted for Sticky Rice $1 extra)
-Cambodian Slaw
I've been to a lot friends family Southeast Asian BBQs and the flavor of all the meats were so on point.  I've missed this type of food so much.
The Chicken Wing had a really nice smoky taste and was crispy on the outside.
The beef stick and sausage also had a nice smoky and slightly sweet flavor, I devoured them in a matter of seconds.
The sticky rice is well cooked, you can grab handfuls and stuff them in your mouth.  It has a super chewy texture.
For the amount of portion of meat and the price, this place is definitely a good deal and has a very authentic taste.I've got to try other things here.
The sausages and beef sticks are really awesome here.  In fact it is sooo great that I haven't moved on from them and consistently order them each time I visit.  The sausages have a great pork flavor and the combination of sweet and sticky, onion-y, garlicky, and ginger flavor combination are perfect.  Similarly with the beef sticks, I've found them to be tender and perfectly cooked.  
I have tried the chicken wings here as well but I haven't found that I enjoyed them as much as the before mentioned sausages and beef sticks.  Honestly I don't think there's anything wrong with the wings but that I just prefer other items on the menu.  I have also tried to order other items like the chicken hearts and gizzards here but for some reason each time I've tried to order them, they are either out of them or they take too long to make.  Lately I've seen some additions to the menu like fish tofu which I'm anxious to try.
I've always paired my proteins with rice and it's priced well to satisfy at about 10-11 dollars depending on how hungry you are.  I'll definitely be back to try other items in the future.The place has potential. I tried their beef sticks and the sausage sticks and both were pretty tasty. I will go back there again, but for some reason I can't explain I think they can do moreI decided to try the new food court in Chinatown and found this place, they're the most reasonably priced stall and they smell the best. They offer barbecued meats (wings, beef, sausage and chicken hearts) and they're cooked and marinated perfectly. It was so good and they offer sauces with your meal tho you don't really need it. They also had a nice selection of drinks and I decided to try the lychee one, which I'm addicted to now. I recommend getting the platter so you can try each type of skewer, I liked the sausage the best.4.5 Stars. The first time I visited Chinatown Square, this was the first establishment I hit up. I had never had Cambodian BBQ (or food for that matter) and I wasn't disappointed. 
The staff is very friendly and after asking them what they would suggest, I ordered the #7 (regular meal) with the Beef, Boneless Chicken and Sausage skewers. Each one was incredibly juicy and flavorful. Great taste and texture. The jasmine rice and Cambodian slaw were also good, but made even better with their complimentary hot sauce (possibly just Sriracha but tasted spicier...).  
Would definitely recommend. Simple food, executed very well.  This was great for a normal meal, but I could see this as a go-to spot for some post-drinking chow. Really, really good. 
The only reason I didn't give a full 5-stars was the price. $10 for a drink and a meal isn't bad at all, but if they lowered he price by about $2, I think it would be extremely competitive for what they offer. Great overall.Located in the Chinatown Square food court. Cheap, delicious meat. I had a platter (3 meats, jasmine rice, and pickles vegetables) at around $7.50. I chose the beef, chicken gizzard and chicken heart. If you've never had gizzard, it's really chewy and almost like tripe. The heart can be best described as a tough hotdog with a slight iron taste. All the meat is so flavorful and has such a yummy charcoal taste. You forget that you're eating these different cuts of meat because they're seasoned and flavored so well. The "slaw" is kinda like Chinese pickled cabbage and carrots. $10 minimum on card.It's been a minute since I've had some Cambodian food. Last time was in..... Cambodia. Decent joint inside Chinatown square with good prices and nice staff members. 
-3 meat combo ($7) - got the beef skewer (was okay and a bit dry surprisingly), sausage (pretty juicy but nothing special) and chicken wing (star of the show, great marination). The combo also came with white jasmine rice and some picked veggies 
Overall, quick and fast meal. Don't expect anything amazing. Good Cambodian food at a fair price. Would recommend you actually order and go to the back and eat it. Found out after the meal there's a whole section in the back of Chinatown square with full blasting AC.It's not summer and you're not in South Philly. Where else do you find beefsticks (Cambodian) and papaya salad? Enter Khmer Grill. If you've never had a beefstick from FDR Park, let me break it down: you get thinly sliced (but not too thin) beef on a skewer, marinated with secret stuff (soy, sugar, turmeric, galangal, lemongrass, etc. who knows), sprinkled with some crack, and grilled over charcoal. A lot of FDR regulars are going to knock on the price, but seriously, there's rent to pay and it's January. Cut Khmer Grill some slack and buy some of their delicious food - you won't be disappointed.I am Khmer and used to frequent FDR and Mifflin Square Park whenever I was in the mood for papaya salad and chicken/beef on sticks during the warmer months. I can honestly say that this place is legit. It's even better than the park vendors. I am so happy and proud of Khmer Grill for doing their thing and helping to put Cambodian food on the map in Philly. Now I can enjoy this food all year round. Prices are also very reasonable. Support! :)Khmer Grill is one of the small restaurants in the new Chinatown Square food. The food court itself is very modern and nice inside and part of the new, ever evolving  Chinatown.  Khmer Grill offers a pretty small menu of Cambodian style BBQ wings, beef skewers, sausage and chicken hearts on gizzards on sticks. There are also a few side dish options of rice and papaya salad, roasted corn and mangos.
The sticks are marinated and then grilled to order.  I ordered an $8.99 platter that gave me an option of 4 different meats. I chose the chicken, chicken wings, beef and sausage. This also came with rice and small papaya salad. The sticks were delicious, juicy and tender and reminded me slightly of Filipino BBQ. 
The staff at Khmer Grill were extremely nice and asked me if I liked my food when I finished. I think the prices are in line for the area and also how nice of a space Chinatown Square is. I will definitely return to the  Khmer Grill and Chinatown Square.
4.5 Yelp stars.SO good.  This is the best charcoal grilled meat I've ever had.  The chicken, beef, and sausage are all amazing.  The sausage resembled a spicy Italian version but with a hint of lemongrass.  I opted for Sriracha to dip the beef in but, honestly, it wasn't even necessary.  The slaw that came with the platter was delicious but wish there was twice as much of it and half the amount of rice (not that the rice was bad, I just don't dig white rice).  Along those lines, I'd love to see another starch option added as an option.
Service was quick and friendly.  I'll be back!Tried all 4 kabobs. It's just like the grills in FDR park on the weekends. Great sticky rice and Asian slaw. All for $9. The beef was not tender but very tasty, the boneless chicken was for tourists kind of dry. The sausage. Was great but the high light was the chicken wing. Crazy good. And again the best rice. Probably amazing with a buzz on.There is not enough attention for Cambodian food. It obviously gets overshadowed by Chinese, Vietnamese, and Tai... however one should try Cambodian food it's more mild in some flavors and other flavors are very bold. This little restaurant is a great example of some good quality food at a reasonable price. It's located in the old junk shop that was in Chinatown and now has been converted into multiple restaurants where you can sit at bars and dine casually. Food is great ...chicken skewers... sausage skewers and other food on a stick is very tasty. Everything else about it was clean and I would recommend it.Checking out the new Chinatown square. Gotta try this place here. Food is solid but the price is a little high. $4 for two skewers. I guess if you don't want to wait for summer or drive down to the park.Amazing beef skewers, definitely try to stop by if you're ever in Chinatown! I would skip the papaya salad. It wasn't bad but it wasn't anything to write home either. I would stop by for one of their combo meals though, not a bad deal at all!Although the portions aren't huge and the entrees aren't huge as well, recognize this place is known for its "street food." Even after being in Phnom Penh, Cambodia I got to try some street food and I must admit that the owner of this establishment does it right! Everything from flavor to affordable pricing (even after I eat at another place) it's plenty just to fill up the rest of the tank with some of the most flavorful BBQ meats. If you are looking for authentic Khmer street food without breaking the bank at a Khmer restaurant, this is where you will want to head next. Easily a 5.chomreabsuor​ anak​ real​ knea. Hey everyone I will say this is like one of the best place I have ever tried since I normally have to drive down to FDR park or Khmer town to buy Cambodia food. Their sausage is so good and the beef sticks too. For real all their food is delicious even the chicken heart, chicken wings and even more. Also, every time I come here to order my food it's always hot and ready to service you. Their costumer service is so on point and they are so nice. I'll definitely go back for more delicious food!Cambodian street food in Philly!! We ordered the large combo which comes with 4 meat sticks, rice, and cole slaw. We got the chicken wing, sausage, chicken hearts, and beef. Tasty!! The staff are also really friendly.
Definitely worth stopping by for a snack when in Chinatown.The beef skewers are excellent. I'm not sure what the seasoning is, but it tasted like the skewers I used to eat in Cambodia and it's delicious. Love this place.I come here a lot since I work nearby and this place never disappoints me. They make Reeeally good white rice. Yup, white rice, it could be so simple and so good. I always have the sausage and chicken wings. The chicken heart and gizzard may take longer but worth the wait.I used to do mobile order for take out a lot. But today when i was ordering on my phone, i found that everything was abt 2 bucks more expensive than before. I thought that they've raised their price, that's okay. but when I got there to pick up, i realized that everything was of same old price and they just raised the price on their mobile order menu. Why??? it's not like catering or delivering that im paying extra for the service. I'm just putting in my order earlier so that my food is ready when I arrived and that cost me $2 more on every item??? what if I  call in early to put in my order and pay in person at pickup? I asked the girl working there about this and she refused to give any answer to my question or offer any help. I liked the food here but this whole thing feels like a scam and was a very unpleasant experience...Seeing all these positive reviews on the beef skewers, I decided to give them a try here. First of all, the pictures of the menu are outdated. The one I took is what the menu is now. Basically the price rose (~$2 a skewer) and you can add dressing to a combo. I bought the three beef skewers for $6, and it came with hot sauce. The beef was decently marinated and tasted good with the hot sauce, but the beef was super chewy and fatty. Not very good cuts. The staff was also dressed very casually, and the chef was wearing nothing to protect against hair falling into the food. For its price, I would expect better management of the staff and of the quality of food that is being put out of their kitchen.One word to describe this food shop: home. It tastes exactly like home does.
Being away at college, I'm not always able to indulge in my mother's Khmer cooking and have been craving certain items lately. I didn't have any expectations for the food but wow, I didn't expect to be blown away! 
I placed a takeout order with my boyfriend and we thoroughly enjoyed our platters of beef sticks, chicken wings, and the sweet sausages along with the side of rice and slaw. 
They tasted exactly like my mom's and also like the ones she'd buy for my sister and I on the streets from when we would go to Cambodia. 
Super savory, authentic, and tasty; what more could you expect from a simple Khmer BBQ place?
The prices are rather high but then again, I'm more than happy to support more Cambodian food places so that way I won't be too far from my favorite meals :)Really good flavor in high quality meat for great prices. Can't beat it! 
Seriously, this food is delicious, and reasonable ascell, two beef skewers for only 3.99 and a platter (3 skewers and rice) for 6.99.) 
The beef skewers taste of exceptionally high quality for the price.The Food here is Good and the staff is very friendly i had the sticky rice and the beef stick and boneless chicken stick it was bangin the beef was so tender and flavor it was my first time eating khmer food and i love it. I will return.My mother-in-law is Khmer so this place had a lot to live up too and the food definitely did. We got the large platter which came with your meats, rice, and papaya salad. Really good flavors all around on the chicken, beef, and sausage. The people are friendly to boot. Will come back again!As part of our Chinatown foodie tour, we made a stop in this underground collection of restaurants. What a surprise! We gave our tour guide carte blanche to order a mixture of a bunch of different dishes and she got the Cambodian sausages here. Honestly, it was one of the top choices of favorite foods we tried all day. The sausages were nicely charred and that crispy skin just made me so happy.  
I just wish we had gotten some fresh hot white rice to go with it - LOL. Great flavor, a bit spicy, but not too strong. Again, that crispity skin. YUM.Fantastic quick casual meal option if you don't want to wait in line for other restaurants in Chinatown! I got the combo where you can mix and match three different types of meat skewers over either rice or salad. The meats are grilled very well, juicy and tender. The chicken wing and beef were my favorite, the sausage was good but nothing too special about it. The amount of food you get for the price is also quite reasonable! Would definitely stop by again if looking for a fast and satisfying meal in the area!Overall: 5/5. High quality, flavorful skewers available in wide varieties. 
Food: 5/5. I ordered four skewers, 1 chicken, 1 sausage, 2 beef. All were made to order. The chicken was the stand out. A nice lemongrass flavor and all meats were grilled on order. 
Ambiance: 5/5. The location is in a food court. Can't really expect anything too wild here. TVs with seats and tables readily available. 
Value: 4/5. Wish the skewers were a little less expensive but the pricing makes sense, given the location in a food court. And it's one of the only restaurants in Chinatown specializing in skewers. 
Service: 5/5. Food came out quickly and server was helpful.The food is solid! I am such a big fan of Khmer chicken and beef sticks and have been craving since summer has ended. The chicken stick was actually A LOT better than ones you would normally get at FDR, there were a lot more sauce and so flavorful. The seasoning was so good! 
For $3.5 you get two chicken wings ($1.75 each) and $4 for two beef skewers. It makes no sense for anyone to compare these prices to FDR prices...obviously the owners have rent and utilities to pay. You're paying .75 cents to $1 extra for better service, cleanliness (hey you're not buying food at a park), and convenience of it being in Chinatown! I thought the prices were reasonable and it's a must try. Will definitely be back for their papaya salads and chicken heart skewers :)This is one of my favorite places to eat in Chinatown. They have the best sausages I've ever had. I usually get that and the chrysanthemum iced tea. I'd definitely recommend it to anyone looking for a quick bite. You won't be disappointed.Literally waited 45 minutes for two skewers.  One staff person to do it all. Beware or a serious time drainNice food!!
I have just been here once and ordered several things take-away. But I was surprised how good the foods were. I ordered the chicken heart, beef and sausage. The spice used for marinating was unique and has a spectacularly nice aroma. The skew were for sure over grilled, but the spice made me feel like tasting my good street food back in Vietnam.
Nice service also. I ordered the food, went away for 10 min to pick up other things and when I am back the food is ready and piping hot.
Overall a good street food restaurant.Want something hot in this cold weather?? Get some nice hot Khmer BBQ!! Very delicious!!Normally I would give this place 4-5 stars because it is usually pretty good. They have a great deal where you can get 12 skewers for only $20. That's what I normally would get. My past experience has been pretty decent except for this recent trip. I ordered my usually 12 skewers and majority of my skewers were burnt!!!! Had to toss out like 4-5 of them smh. Usually 1 or 2 would be slightly burnt, which I wasn't too upset about. Not upset enough to write a bad review. But this time, it was too much. Ridiculous, Like how can you serve those skewers to your paying customers?! What a waste of money. Please try to do better in the future and not burn our food.This place hits the spot every time. Simple clean and healthy food for a great price and it's fast.Ordered stuff chicken but He gave me boneless chicken skewers.  Chicken wasnt grilled but deep fried. It has flavor but a bit on the too sweet side. And I feel like skewers should be on grill not fried. Not recommended at all . Hard to find parking. Not worth it !Prices have gone up ridiculously since coming and the quality of the food has dropped. Spent $30 for 12 kabobs that were horrible. Breast was fatty and mushy and wings were too tough to break apart or even bite. Used to he my favorite kabob place now I will not be returning.Khmer Grill is a pioneer of Cambodian cuisine here in Philadelphia. Their meat on a stick concept is both humble homage to its traditional roots and super delicious. As soon as you come in, you can smell the charcoal smoke from the grill. These dishes are cooked to order. When the meat is finished, it is PIPING HAWT. Once you take a bite, you really can't stop. Full Disclosure: I know the owners very well and they truly put their heart into the food and decor. Please stop by and give the traditional cuisine of Cambodian a try. It will blow your mind. Janice is the nicest manager I have ever met. She always offer extra meat or extra sides like rice at no extra cost. Whether you're in Chinatown Square for drinks or other food, make sure to give Khmer Grill some love. The sausages pop with juices in your mouth and the beef sticks are bursting with lemongrass flavors. The rice is steamy and hot with a touch of green onions that give it a nice aromatic fragrance. Wash it all down with the Green Island Drink and you have yourself an unforgettable meal!!!I've tried everything here. Yeah I'll rate it 5/5 they are pricey but it's really good! Perfect spot! A lot of seats available inside the square. Friendly service. One of my favorite stops when in C-TownIt's really good taste  khmer athletic and good price especially good quality. The beef stick is really good I hope I'll be coming back here again!Do you like Cambodian sausages like I do?  If so, you have a go-to place in the new Chinatown Square complex to hit up.  At Khmer Grill the service is friendly and the Cambodian sausages are sizzling.  Priced 2 for $3.99, they are an affordable tasty snack or lunch in Center City!Meh. Im southeast Asian so if you are too (or just know the food well) you know the food is lacking something. For example the sausage is literally Italian sausage that they cover with their own marinade I think. Cambodian or southeast asian sausages are *totally* different than the sausages they serve here. I was shocked when I bit into it and immediately knew it was just an Italian sausage. Great idea but execution is lacking. I'd love to see more authentic flavors and saucesThe food here is always amazing! The chicken hearts are delicious! And the service is great! I would recommend this place to any of my friends.I love the authentic flavors and freshness of each dish. This is a great eatery for anyone wanting to taste delicious food. Staff is very kind.Food- 5/5 !!!! Amazing.... had the grilled chicken (breast boneless) and Beef. Marinated well so juicy!! Rice cooked to perfection !! 
Price - super reasonable! Can choose 3 sticks combo vs 4 sticks combo comes with rice and pickled dishes 
Service - well, it's a food court . But the owner actually brought the food to our table. So 5/5
Overall I definitely HIGHLY recommended! You will not be disappointed !!Small menu but excellent fare. Tried all of their BBQ items but missed the Papaya Salad both times that we ate here. From what they mentioned, they make limited quantities and run out of it earlier into the day.
The Cambodian sausages are juicy and slightly sweet (not as sweet as a maple breakfast sausage or a Filipino Longganisa Hamonado). The BBQ beef and chicken skewers are both very tasty with the flavors of the meat getting accentuated by the marinade and not overpowered. There are notes of palm sugar and lemongrass in the beef marinade. The chicken marinade seems like it has turmeric, galangal and lemongrass among other spices. 
If you wish to amp up the heat on the skewers, request red pepper flakes on the side or they can add to your desired level just before serving. The red pepper flakes are Thai hot in terms of packing a punch and a little goes a long way.
Very friendly owners and the store location being inside the food court, makes for a year round haunt in Philly's Chinatown for BBQ lovers.3 for Pricing, 3.5 for taste, 3.5 for timing of food
With COVID times, I can see the price has gone up compared to before, which is reasonable. They now sell $25 skewer boxes for 12 sticks - and that's either mixed with beef vs chicken, or chicken alone, and you can opt for the more authentic variety pack of flavors (heart, sausage, gizzard) or just the wings/sausage/standard cuts. 
I went with a friend on a weekday afternoon in between work visits. There was no line for a wait and it took about 10 minutes for the grilling to finish. They unfortunately could not give any water cups while sitting outdoors.
For the individual skewers, I would say the sausage, hearts, beef and chicken were highlights 4/5. I think the gizzard was not cooked properly so the meat was a bit hard to chew through. The wings were nicely glazed but again, not the best. 
Flavors: deep BBQ char, salty and savory, tempting you to order more.
Tips/Takeaways:
I probably would just order the Popular skewer boxes since I think even though I like the more "exotic" cuts every now and then, they're a bit more prone to error
-Would recommend a try if you are looking for some Cambodian cuisine. It's easy for takeout!
-Support local!At 12 skewers for $20, this was such a good deal. The skewers are stacked too. My husband and I got 2 of each to share: chicken, beef, chicken hearts, gizzards, sausage and chicken wings. All were marinated nicely and don't need additional dipping sauces. My faves were the sausage, beef and chicken. We left full and content.4 Stars because I do prefer what the Khmer crew has to offer in their outdoor, Sweet Basil (https://www.yelp.com/biz/khmer-sweet-basil-philadelphia), and Kitchen (https://www.yelp.com/biz/khmer-kitchen-philadelphia-5) setting. But hot damn do they know how to grill a skewered piece of meat!
At $9 for Asian slaw, a delicious and HUGE portion of jasmine rice, and any four of their 
 amazing skewers you have an absolute steal for lunch! But its also possible to downsize to fewer meats for less, or enjoy side dishes like roasted corn and papaya salad.
Having had their signature chicken and Cambodian style BBQ beef I decided to try something a little more adventurous, even if it meant adding chicken gizzards and chicken hearts to my platter. Both were as chewy as they were a perfectly spiced and savory piece of meat. But it was also impossible to avoid their incredible beef skewers which is some of the best cuts of beef out there! For that extra gusto I had to add one of their sausage skewers, and its the best sausage on a stick concept since the corn dog! With food like that I'll definitely be back for more!I've been here twice and have been very impressed.  On both visits, I ordered the mixed skewer special: 12 skewers, 2 of each type, for $20. Unfortunately, on one of the two occasions, they gave me the popular skewer selection: 12 skewers, also $20, 4 of beef, sausage, and chicken wings.  Yet even after that minor mix up, I'm still hard pressed not to give them 5-stars.
The skewers.  They have beef, sausage, chicken along with chicken hearts, gizzards, and wings.  They are all fair portions, although the gizzards do shrink down quite a bit when cooked.  I was not expecting it, but found the hearts to be the most enjoyable, followed by the beef and wings. The sausage is huge, so if you are going for quantity, head that direction. They are all covered with a bbq sauce and grilled to perfection.
Service is friendly and it doesn't take more than 10-15 minutes for them to pump out the skewer specials.  If you are still hungry, the Cambodian Ice is a great dessert with condensed milk on top of shaved, flavored ice and various gels and seeds.Kabobs were okay, a bit over priced but it is in Chinatown so I wouldn't expect it to be cheap. However, the main reason why I am giving this place low stars is because their kitchen is semi open, and from working in food service I do know a thing or two about health codes. While there, only one girl was working, meaning she also cooked the food. While cooking our food, i saw she didn't use gloves when touching any of it, nor did she wear a hairnet or hat.
While she did wash her hands and I saw she wasn't doing anything to contaminate our food, it is unsettling know that this is how they run.Khmer Grill is located inside the corridor-style food court Chinatown Square!
FLAVOR. Oh God the flavor. Beef sticks. Sausages. Generous portion of lovely jasmine rice with excellent texture.  Heck yes. 
The chicken was just okay after the beef and the sausages even took a few bites before I appreciated just how good they were because OH GOD THE BEEF STICKS. I am ready to climb the counter and beg for even the smallest hint as to what spices are used on those beef sticks. Perfection! 
We usually try to make the rounds in Chinatown to try new places and only repeat one or two staples because they're just that good -- well, we've already got a lunch plan to go back again soon, which really says something.
Dreaming of beef sticks until then...
Be sure to head on back to the rear portion of the building for lots of seating, and much cooler temperatures in the summertime. There are individual restrooms with a common sink area that's very clean. The servers will deliver your food to you so be sure to tip if you're planning on "dining in"!
# times beef sticks refenced in review: 5I've been to this place so many times, and honestly the last time I went will be my last. I had 2 sausages with hairs in it, which really agitates me because after finding the first hair in the first sausage I gave them a pass, but the second sausage, that was it. 
The previous time before that I came 3-4 times throughout the day on a Wednesday, and they were not there at all. Phone wasn't answered. (I called so many times ) Facebook wasn't answered. No sign up at all. Everything said they were supposed to be open, but nothing, even to this day did I get any response back on social media. 
The place is iffy on the food as well, since sometimes the food is burnt and sometimes, the food is just ok, sometimes its great. It's really a toss-up. 
Honestly, I'll be looking for a different main khmer place from now on. Unfortunately, this place is not a solid spot anymore.I liked the boneless chicken skewer but I was given the wrong drink and the beef and wing skewer weren't great to me. Left something to be desiredKhmer Grill is one of the small shops in the new Chinatown Square food court in the middle of Race Street between 10th and 11th.  It prepares and serves up a limited menu of Cambodian style BBQ wings, beef skewers, sausage and chicken hearts on gizzards on sticks. There are also a few sides of rice and papaya salad.  Prices reflect that they are operating indoors in a newly renovated building with commensurate overhead. Thus, they cannot compete with the open air food carts at FDR nor Mifflin Parks in South Philly, where the vendors pay a yearly licensing fee, rent or buy their small stands, and are otherwise free of fixed costs.  If you don't want to wait for warmer weather for your Cambodian BBQ fix, Khmer Grill is presently your cold weather friend.  
The food is well marinaded and basted while on the fire.  The result is a pleasant tasting mildly tart/semi-sweet flavor on tender meats that retain their juices.  My sausage was plump and spurted with every firm bite.  The thin sliced beef was easily slipped from its impalement on the bamboo sticks.  Liked them both a lot. 
With any luck, both Khmer Grill and Chinatown Square will be successful and lead the way to other such food malls that have been so successful in the larger Asian population centers in Flushing, NY, L.A., San Fran., and Toronto.  In the space formerly reserved for one restaurant, you can now have a multitude of street food options from around the world. Right. Not the same as a standard sit down meal, but it has its place when interesting light bite snacks are more what you are looking for.  
For those fortunate enough to have sampled the real thing while travelling through Southeast Asia, Khmer Grill is authentic enough to bring back fond memories.the food was good(especially the beef skewers!!) but service was unsatisfying... the girl at the cashier was using her phone the whole time that she didn't realize our food was ready until we approached her 20min after... :( 
We got the 3 skewers+rice+Cambodian coleslaw but they forgot the coleslaw and gave us a piece of lettuce  wish their service was little better because I really like their foodI got the platter meat, it came with white rice, one stick of chicken, beef and sausage. I must say I was very skeptical, as I used to eat laos/cambodian food in south philly from the street carts or parks, so I thought this was no way gonna beat that.
I was wrong. The flavor was pretty authentic, it felt like home food and definitely well made and not as greasy as other places. 
Its definitely cleaner! 
Loved the chicken and the beef best! They have a sweet taste to it, and get some rice seasoning with ur rice!