This place never disappoints.  Even though they didn't have the seafood listed on the menu for our dish,  the substitutions might have been better. Since it is a tiny place there is sometimes a wait...  But it's well worth it. As always,  the leftovers were just as delicious...Great Cambodian food in South Philly! I've been here three times (once to eat in and twice for take out) and haven't been disappointed once. 
The must haves: 
Mussels in red curry sauce (Cha Mussels): creamy, savory, and a little spicy. I poured the red curry sauce over everything.
Prat-Hee: Minced pork with raw veggies to dip (eggplant, peppers, cucumbers, etc.) It's a little bit oily and a little bit salty but extremely flavorful and satisfying 
Chicken Curry (or whatever they have as a special): potatoes and chicken and a delicious warm soup. Perfect for winter days. 
Papaya salad is also great for something light and fresh!
4 stars instead of 5 because I pass out every time post-meal. Pretty sure there's some MSG in there.Huge portions and very reasonable prices. It has a hole in the wall type of interior, but it's very clean kept. I've never had authentic Cambodian food anywhere else, so I can't make any comparisons, but I left with a very content (and large) belly!Has to be the best khmer restaurant in philadelphia.  Great food! great service and fair price.  Pa-Hok with veggie is freaking awesome.  Fried frog legs! My new home away from home.I was excited to try this place out and planned on getting to this place no matter what while I was in Philadelphia.  My friend and I took a taxi from DT to the restaurant when it opened. Got seated quickly and ordered 3 items to try - grilled steak with prohak dipping sauce, caramelized ground pork with coconut milk and vegetables, and samlaw machu kreung (beef soup with vegetables).  My least favorite was the caramelized ground pork - it was a little too sweet for me.  I love this dish at other Cambodian restaurants but unfortunately it was too sweet here.  But the rest of the dishes were very very delicious.  I wanted to order other dishes but there was only 2 of us and it would have been too much food.  Got a chance to talk to the family that owns this place and they were very friendly.  Highly recommend.Super good food here.  I am pretty new to Khmer food, i can't express that this is amazing and the portion is family style.  So if you order too much.. prepare to bring it home and eat it again!  
Home made food here may take a bit to prepare depending on what you get, but it's worth it as it is made fresh on most items.  just BYOB and enjoy the food with your families/friendsSynopsis: Great LITTLE restaurant with friendly service, great food, and reasonable prices...
FYI: Cash Only- BYOB +
The 5-6 table restaurant was clean and had friendly service. I ordered the assorted meat skewers for appetizer ...they were mild in flavor cooked to perfection...came with sweet & spicy sauce (very good). Entrées were Prah-Hok Kahteeh & (forget the name) Beef with pineapples, peppers, and onions...both were great...reminds me a bit of Vietnamese food but definitely had its own unique flavors...I would recommend to anyone that likes tasty food especially Southeast Asian cuisine.Amazing food, cheap and BYOB. Come early to avoid the lines. I would recommend the curry mussels for apetizer!Happy to have finally gone to this tiny restaurant serviced by the nicest family. The mix of dishes recommended were tasty, a familiar cross of Vietnamese and Thai, though sweeter and less spicy IMHO. My fave was the Prah Hok Kateeh, apparently a recipe of grandma's. And a beef dish that included raw veggies, among them Thai eggplant, with an amazing dipping housemade dipping sauce made from roasted tomatoes. Oh, and remember, cash only.Seriously one of the go to restaurants for a date night with my husband. I have eaten here too many times to remember. The food is delicious! The meat eater as well as vegetarian will be equally pleased. The key to dining at Khmer is timing.  I am from this neighborhood so I know the pain of finding parking around here. Buffer in time to find a parking spot and get to Khmer early for a great experience.I have visited this place twice. The second time i went, i got to try weekend special (curry chicken) and crispy frog legs (sounds odd?) nah, it was delicious!
We ordered deep fried fish with salted soy bean and ginger, oh my... they gave a very gracious amount of ginger and bean, it made the fish very savory. even though lots of ginger, but i don't mind the spice...
it good as it gets, but you have to come earlier before the place is packed!
i hope they keep the good work.. :)When you're having a reunion with friends, you can't go wrong with Cambodian food .... at least that's what I decided last night and I was right - it was awesome.  Cambodian food is an extremely tasty cuisine that has influences from neighboring countries like Thailand and Vietnam but has its own distinctive style.  And Khmer Kitchen is the best and most authentic Cambodian restaurant in Philadelphia. This is not the easiest restaurant to get to as it is nestled deep in South Philadelphia but it is totally worth seeking out.
My favorite dish here is the Prah-hok kahteeh pork dish prepared spicy.  When you add rice to this and the accompanying vegetables, you have quite a treat (think chile con carne but better).  The way the plate is set up here looks so pretty that you almost hate to eat it.  All the famous Cambodian sour soups like the iconic Salaw machu kre'ung are also hearty and individually prepared.  The papaya salad is awesome and just looks and tastes totally healthy.  And I love that they are able to obtain and use some real Cambodian vegetables like Cambodian eggplant or cabbage. The food is prepared to order so it's not coming out fast from the kitchen.  Mom and Grandmom and Auntie are all in the back putting each dish together so be prepared to wait.  Just bring along some good wine or beer with you and anticipate what is to come.
Last evening, Tony was our server (Cambodian name Chomnan).  He is awesome.  He is so cool and personable and knows everything about Cambodian food and what he doesn't know he'll ask his Mom or Grandmom in the kitchen.  His smile and easy-going manner adds to the ambience of this awesome Cambodian restaurant.  Don't miss it ... it's as good as advertised.I came here last week with my partner and two friends and really enjoyed it. This place is definitely a hole-in-the-wall type restaurant, but it is well worth the trip over to south Philly. They do not take reservations, and even coming on a Wednesday night we had to wait for a little while to be seated. But the food was great so it was definitely well worth it. Plus it is BYO, which I always appreciate (I brought a six pack of beer which I thought went well with the food). Two of the people at our table have visited Cambodia and said that the food at Khmer Kitchen was better than a lot of the food they had there. We ordered five dishes including the appetizers and we were all full and still had some food to take home. Here are some of the best things we ordered: 
BOK LA-HONG: (~$7) This was a papaya salad that was really fresh tasting and spicy at the same time (we asked for extra spice on everything). It was refreshing and the raw papaya was nice and crisp. 
SAH-LAW KAH-RHEE MOHN (~$7.50): This was a curry chicken in a soup-like broth. I personally wasn't as crazy about this dish as I was about some of the others but other people in my group loved it. 
PLEAH SACH-KHOE (~$8): This was my favorite dish of the night. It was beef with lemongrass. It was jus the right amount of spice and had great flavor. I would definitely order this again if I came back. 
We were a little disappointed that the whole tilapia was sold out when we got there because it seems from other reviewers that that is one of the best dishes. I will definitely come back for it. 
BOTTOM LINE: If you are looking for a hole-in-the-wall inexpensive and authentic Cambodian meal, you should definitely come here. This is more of a place to go with friends than it is a place to go with a date (unless it's with someone you've been dating for a while). It is BYO and CASH only. I would definitely come back.My friend who lives in south Philly brought here, and she ordered chicken with the pumpkin and the soup. Both were amazing! I think the soup had lemongrass and chicken and had a green color. I can't remember the names of the dishes.Cheap, delicious, convinient. Just try all the appetizers, they are really cheap and small. Service isn't great, but they try. BYOB, so bring yourself a 6 pack or some wine and have a ball! Seems like a family run business. I predict this place is going to stay under the radar for just a little bit longer, so get there while you can. Once the word is out, they are going to have a line out the door.I had the papaya salad, minced pork with raw veggies, beef with salt and pepper lime sauce, another beef that you wrap in a leaf with a different sauce and a fish dish which was presented in a seaweed wrap. ALL of those dishes were great! I have eaten similar dishes at other restaurants, but this place was a little different, more of a home cooked feel and taste. I also had the calamari, but it was only average. They also do not serve coffee. The meat sticks, which were my number one menu item to order, were not available :-(  I will definitely return to this place!This is my favorite restaurant in philly. Can't say I've had one bad dish out of several times I have been here. It has the perfect mom-and-pop shop vibe with excellent service. Make sure you get the ginger and black bean glazed tilapia.If I could rate 500 stars instead of 5, I would.
Khmer Kitchen is, to me and many others, the place to get the legit Southern style Vietnamese food that no Vietnamese restaurant in the USA would ever have the balls to serve, because they can't be bothered to go outside their lazy comfort zone business-wise. Mind you, it's hard to draw the line between dishes of Cambodia and South Vietnam because four score and seven years ago, Cambodia was continuous with South Vietnam (go ahead, google it, it's called the Khmer Empire and it lasted for more than half a millennium). Think of it as fusion cuisine, but neither of those cuisines are Westernized, so your flavors just go BAM. 
Prah-Hok Kateeh - The must-order appetizer dish under the Traditional Khmer Dish section of the menu. The ground pork dip is flavored with a fish paste that has a very subtle pungent yet light aroma, balancing well with the fresh Khmer vegetable selection such as Thai and purple eggplant, carrot, cabbage, long bean (not the typical American green bean). That light pungent-ness is just so pleasureable!
Sah-Law Machue Yuin (with Tilapia) - This is what the Vietnamese call "canh chua" but it's a zillion times more authentic than the versions you'll find in most Vietnamese restaurants in the USA. Beautifully tangy tamarind flavor broth with tons of garlic, and it's best to order this dish with the tilapia as this is the correspondingly traditional protein choice. 
Cha Kr'ung (with Frog) - Standard South Vietnamese bar fare, and we ordered it with the frog with was delicious and was a nice white meat with an almost fall-off-the-bone quality, without actually falling off the bones until we actually needed it to. Be forewarned from ordering it "spicy" - the waiter asked us if we wanted it this way, and we said yes, not realizing that this place uses Asian standards of spicyness. Just about everyone at our table was ready to choke on the level of spiciness, and I thought we were pretty strong. However, the coconut broth balances out the spice so well, that we suffered through the pain because it was so damn amazing.
Sah-Law Ka-Koe (with pork) - waiter's choice when we asked him for an entree that was "not sweet" and very traditional. It's got some sweet-ish pumpkin in it but otherwise the dish is a soupy slightly creamy dish with lemongrass mixed with seafood-y paste flavor, and lots of chopped Thai eggplant. We ordered this with pork as the waiter told us this was the traditional way. This dish also resembles a traditional Vietnamese dish (which just about no Vietnamese restaurants in the US dare to serve) "canh ca dang". I have a hard time describing the taste other than it is "earthy"?I could eat here everyday and still not get tired of their food. Everything that I've tried, I love. My favorite is Caramelized Pork, 'Bok La Hung', Steak with Prahok Sauce, Tilapia filets with pineapples, and the cubed beef. Service is amazing too.Service was great! Food was amazing, definitely reminded me of mother's cooking, although I'm not Cambodian hahaha. Portions were huge so def go with friends and family!We showed up to this little mom and pop restaurant and the place was empty.  However, people quickly flooded in after us, taking up almost every other table. This is the beginning of my experience with Cambodian cuisine, but it won't be my last.  We ordered three dishes and shared between the three of us.  Everything is served family style, plates come out as they are ready.  
Khmer Kitchen seems to be known for their Prah-Hok Kahteeh.  This is a ground pork dish served with raw vegetables.  This reminded me of Vietnamese lettuce wraps.  Very tasty, and worthy of the praise that I saw on yelp.   When the dish first came out, I was skeptical, but the raw vegetables do pair very well with the saucy meat in the middle of the dish.  
I think that the second dish we had was the Sah-Law Macheu Kahteeh.  This was chicken served with stir fried vegetables and pineapple.  The flavors were strong and worked together perfectly.  The one suggestion that I would make is to cut up the pineapple smaller.  That way it is distributed more evenly throughout the dish.
I think Cha-Ma-Reh Prov was the last dish, with beef in sort of a curry sauce.  The beef was thin and fibrous, almost like jerky.  My girlfriend thought it would be better with another protein, but I liked it like this, a different texture than you'll usually find, and it soaked up the sauce well.
Mom and pop place (grandmom made one dish, mom made the second, brother made the third).Based purely on the taste bud altering chicken curry.  This rating may be subject to change IF I can get away from this dish to try another.  I crave it!!Quite possibly the best restaurant in the city. The food is as fresh as it gets and the flavors explode in your mouth. It may take a little time to get your food, but it's worth the wait. They are chopping your vegetables to order after all! 
I've been exploring this menu slowly since I keep forgetting to eat here, but everything I've had has been delicious and exciting.
The service is friendly and warm. It's a family run business and they are cooking with love and you can taste it with every bite.I now understand what the hype is about, because the food here is supreme. This small family run restaurant has more flavor-packed options than most of the top rated restaurants in Philly. I went for dinner with my dad and sister. The food is served family style and every item is portioned for two-three people. We ordered the fried frog legs, fried tilapia, and beef lettuce wraps. Everything was amazing! The flavor profiles were out of this world. The fish came with a delicious spicy mango slaw. The fish was fried perfectly and tasted so good. The frog was so delicious.  The beef had great flavor too. The server was nice. The food takes a while to come out because everything is made fresh, so be prepared to wait 20-30 minutes for your food. Trust me, it's worth the wait!I lived in Cambodia for several years and learned how to make many Khmer dishes during my time there. This place, owned by a Cambodian family originally from battambang province, makes Khmer food as authentic and as good as anything I had while living in Cambodia. I was impressed with all the dishes I tried and really had no major complaints.
I wish the location was a bit more central to downtown and that they took credit card however at the end of the day this place still Deserves five stars.I live down the block from what is now Khmer Kitchen. I've watched many restaurants come and go each year in this location and it slightly broke my heart every time one hopeful restaurant opener meticulously painted and decorated this building just to sadly give back the keys a year later. Then came Khmer Kitchen. It was a bit slow at first and then suddenly, I noticed a line out of the door. Every weekend as I walked by, I noticed they were packed. Just like that, they peaked my interest. 
I've never really had Khmer food regularly so I don't have much to compare with to judge if this place is "authentic" or not but hell this place makes amazing food. I ordered almost half the menu for take out (the dining area is very very small, and my dining room table can comfortably seat me, boyfriend and his brothers, so I brought everything home.. down the block!) I don't eat spicy food (except for spicy crawfish) and Papaya salad packed a hell of a punch but it was so good, my boyfriend and his brothers suffered through to finish it off. Everything is marinated well and made to order and it shows. Can't wait to get some more!Showed up Saturday at 745 for dinner with friends.  Guy running the tiny dining room informs us that they stop seating at 730 on Saturday, but that we could order food to go, disclaiming that it takes about 20-30 min to prepare the food.  No problem.  So there we are, my friends, their 2 year old, and myself, waiting there outside on 6th street.  The front of the place opens to the street, so we're basically standing around trying not to ogle to hard at the people at the tables.  Odd thing is, the guy who took our orders intermittently chats us up, so he's aware that we are there waiting for something.  After 45 minutes, my friend asks about the status of our food and he acknowledges and trots off to the kitchen to see.  He emerges, sans food, approaches us matter of factly and informs that the food won't be ready for perhaps another hour!  No kidding.  Now I know about culture gaps, but this guy was born in Philly, he told us so.  Even so, there's never an excuse to treat customers like they or their own time doesn't matter.  100% non apologetic and indifferent to our inconvenience.  Food could be great. But I know I'll never be finding out.I love to try all types of foods from around the globe and this was my first Cambodian experience. The reason I'm giving Khmer Kitchen 5 stars is because the quality can't be beat especially for the price. We ordered nearly everything on the menu as I went with a group so large that we nearly filled the restaurant (it's not too big so try to keep your group around 4 people if you decide to eat in). Not one thing I ate did I not enjoy so it is difficult for me to pick one thing to rave about. If you decided to go, you won't regret your decision. Oh, and it's BYOB.It is almost impossible to find a Cambodian restaurant around my area. When I heard about this place I was so excited, especially since so many people are raving about this place. I came here several times and was never disappointed by the service or the food. The inside interior is pretty small and maybe a bit too cramped if there are a lot of customers, but the food is delicious. I loved everything I have ever ordered. My family also loves this place. Great, authentic Cambodian food for an awesome price.A must! Loved the food, atmosphere,  and, well, everything.  A true gem in South Philly.Time for expansion! Ever since I moved to DC area, your restaurant is one of the things that I truly miss in Philly! It's frustrated that there's no true Cambodian restaurant rather than one fancy fusion place. Ok, speaking of the food at Khmer Kitchen, I'm a fan of everything. When I lived in Philly, I went there a few times a week. Probably gained a lot of weight just from that...everything is so flavorful. The spices are sort of familiar if you eat a lot of Asian food, but something that so unique and different from other cuisines. I don't want to recommend this place on yelp before because it's way too popular for me to get a table during regular hours! Yes, I'm being selfish when it comes to food. But now that I'm away and desperate to send a message to the owner that they need to open one in DC area, please believe me that this is the best Cambodian restaurant one of the best Asian restaurants in town!!Here's the short version: 
DELICIOUS food, truly excellent. 
It's BYOB. The prices are very affordable, a big bowl of soup for $12 that could easily feed 3 people.
The one big.. huge issue I had was how long it takes to get your food. It took about an hour for two dishes, the soup came first. After a whole hour. And then another 20 min our second dish came out. What I thought would be a 40 min meal turned into 2 hours. 
The restaurant is family run and everything is made to order. I was told no prep is done and that's why it takes so long. My tip? Get a slice of pizza from up the street before coming so you're not hangry.Great mom and pop restaurant. I have eaten here 3 times and the staff is great. They know us since they are a small restaurant and even remember what we have ordered in the past. Since my GF is a vegetarian they always make us an entre off the menu which is pretty cool. 
My favorite dish here is the fish with the tamarind sauce. There have been some entries that I do not like but make sure you ask the staff what the food tastes like before you order.
The atmosphere is chill and cozy. It can feel a little small if it is packed but its still a great BYOB. I would def go back and have brought back friends and family.The lovely wife and I were Living the Dream!
1. We were on our way to a new place my fellow Yelpers were raving about.
2. Cambodian was a new ethnicity for us. Very exciting!
3. It was BYOB which we always appreciate.
4. On our first pass we snagged a parking spot less than a block away. Very lucky in this crowded part of South Philly.
5. We walked in to this tiny cozy place at 3 PM on a Sunday and snagged a table right away.
Everything was going so well it was time for a bump in the road. The first thing our very pleasant waiter did was list the seven items, that's right seven items, which they were out of.  This included all the skewers and several other dishes. The carnivore in me was completely ready for those beautiful sticks of meat and I was to be denied.
It turns out that they were slammed on Friday and Saturday and this was the result. Also, it's happened before. LESSON LEARNED- Sunday afternoon maybe great for snagging a table but bad for availability of menu items!
So with limited choices available we picked PRAH-HOK KAHTEEH ($8) as our appetizer. It was delicious and a perfect way to begin our meal. Some folks may think that dipping raw vegetables into a meat sauce is a little odd but trust me, it works.
For our meal we decided to split two dishes. The first was PLEAH SACH-KHOE. This was delicious marinated beef with kaffir lime and lemongrass. It was so good it was beyond five stars for both of us.
We also devoured a CHICKEN CURRY STEW that was incredible. The texture and layers of flavor in the broth brought smiles to both of our faces.
The wife and I both love this place and we'll be back but not on a Sunday afternoon.  We understand it's tiny and family run but seven items off the small menu was a big disappointment.  However the food was so incredibly good that I'm awarding four stars.This is officially the best restaurant in South Philadelphia now and incredibly affordable.  I took my Anglo-Saxon family there and the food was astounding.  The service is very slow, so when you go, do not be in a rush.  The food is made to order and the definition of delectable.  Everything on the menu was amazing.  They go out of their way to create make each order designed to share.  It takes them a lot more time but if you love food, it is worth the wait.  BYOB, cash only.  They should remove the T.V., and play music, those are my only two suggestions.  The prices here will inevitably go up very soon, and still it would be worth it.  Thanks for providing South Philadelphia with high-quality food, we need it.  I felt like I ate food in someone's family kitchen.  Each dish was presented and prepared with a lot of love.While we commend them for a family-run restaurant, we have to be honest. The beef (stir-fry) and chicken (curry) for two dishes were hard and chewy. The shrimp appetizer's breading was too salty. The good thing was the service and also the dishes had flavorful spices.Wow, this place was delicious! Everything we ordered was fresh and flavorful. It's also a BYOB and is very inexpensive. . . . we ordered two grilled meat sticks, a salad, and two main dishes and the whole meal came to $26 before tip. The service was very friendly thought a bit slow. We learned from our waiter that this is his family's first restaurant (the cooks are his mother and grandmother!) so perhaps the service will improve over time. Even if it doesn't, the food at Khymer Kitchen is well worth the wait.Just outstanding. Consistently vibrant and dynamic flavors, lovely, family based staff that make it seem effortless to be kind and communicative, astoundingly reasonable prices for the volume and quality of food you get.Excellent Service. Friendly, helpful to those unfamiliar with the menu. The staff provided great suggestions for first-timers, the caramelized pork was delicious as was the curry soup.
Most dishes meant to be shared family style.
Very affordable for groups, but make sure to get there early and ask to hold a table since there are no reservations and maybe only seating for 25. The staff was kind to try to accommodate a larger (9) group. 
Double check closing time, was told they close at 8pm.We discovered this little treasure accidentally 
The food here is to DIE for 
Totally  home cooking style 
The food here is better than what we are in Cambodia 
We had the cabbage salad , chicken with pumpkin sautéed , lemon grass spur soup 
Thank you to grandma Paula , Auntie Dyna Mother Sophia, Brother JordanSince I've posted the last review, I came here a few more times.  What can I say, I am obsessed with the food here, and my goal is to try every single dish in the menu.  Unfortunately I am a long way from reaching that goal as I tend to order the same dishes each time because I can't help myself, namely Prah-Hok Kateeh and Sah-Law Machue Yuin.  I have tried a few new dishes since my last review, see below:
Pan Fried Tilapia with Ginger Sauce - my new second favorite dish, after Prah-Hok Kateeh!  They gave you an option to either get a whole fish, two filets or one filet.  We opted for one filet so that we can order more dishes.  I definitely want to get a whole fish next time.  The fish was perfectly breaded and seasoned, it was crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside.  The star of the dish was the ginger sauce, it was perfection.  I love the different notes in the sauce, including sweet, sour and a hint of spiciness.  I would be happy with a bucket of this sauce and a bowl of rice.  
Nkahp-Ch'in - I've never had frog legs before (I know, bad Asian!), and was hesitate to try it, but the dish looked so delectable that I had to give it a try.  I think the frog legs being fried really helped, I mean everything taste good fried no?  It kind of tasted like chicken, but with less meat.  I liked the batter and the sauce that came with the dish, but I am not sure I would try this dish again. 
Pleak Sak-Koe - I saw that a lot of people on Yelp recommended this dish and decided to try it.  The dish is basically thinly sliced beef that comes with a side of lettuce and basil to eat as a wrap, kind of like Korean BBQ style.  I was not a big fan of the dish as the meat was a bit bland, a rarity as nearly all of the other dishes I've tried have been burst with flavor.  I think this would be a good dish for someone who is new to South Asian food and not used to all of the bold flavors.
The four of us polished off 8 dishes the last time we came here.  Despite a few misses, I still think this is one of my favorite restaurants of all time.  If only I can convince the family to move to NYC and open up the restaurant here.  The three hours round-trip commute is kind of killing me :)  I highly recommend you to give this place a try!!I get the same three dishes and some every time I am here. Amazing service, amazing food. The calamari is cooked to the tea! You have to try everything at least once on the menu. Khmer Kitchen doesn't disappoint.Khmer Kitchen was a very pleasant surprise.
The interior is modest, yet clean and accommodating.  There are only a few tables in front of the kitchen, maybe nine total, but there isn't really a feeling of being squeezed in.  The interior is a warming red hue and on the wall facing the street there is a large flat-screen television mounted, which lightens the mood from serious/romantic to more of a casual vibe.  Alcohol is not served here, but I was informed that the restaurant is a B.Y.O.B. establishment.  The prices seem to underline the casual nature of the restaurant; I think my bill for a 'traditional khmer dish' came out to just under $9.  You'd be able to easily feed two people with such a dish + appetizer for $12-14 dollars.
The dish I ordered, saw-law macheu kre'ung with beef and tripe tasted like a home cooked meal.  The clear broth had a fine sediment of lemongrass, galangal and spices that tells the tale of long hours simmering.  As someone who enjoys cooking, I can tell the difference between a bullion base and a true home-made broth and this was certainly the latter.  The broth stained yellow with turmeric on the napkin as I sipped the slightly spicy-sour broth between bites of water spinach and fall-apart-tender pieces of what I believe was short-rib beef.  There was also an herb in the mix I couldn't quite place, though I believe it could have been morning glory.  The tripe, which I should mention is completely optional, added just the right amount of assertive gaminess to it and was not at all chewy.  It added a nice change of pace to the unctuous bites of beef and the fibrous crunch of the water spinach, so I highly recommend you add the tripe if you're on the fence about including it or not.  The end result was a deeply satisfying meal that was nutritious, exotic and delicious.
The young gentleman who waited on my table was clearly working multiple roles in the restaurant, which is a family-run operation.  I found him to be polite and quite rightfully passionate about his family's food.  There weren't many customers as it was still early in the evening, so I have yet to see how they operate under duress, but I found that I had a great deal of attention.  I asked his opinion on what a newcomer with no fears should order and he obliged.  I was also given a complementary cleaver-minced chicken, herbs and celery dish that had a deepness to it that must have been toasted rice powder.  This treatment does make me think more than a little bit that I could have been mistaken for a professional food critic...  but perhaps that is a cynical thought.
I highly recommend trying out this restaurant sooner rather than later as it is bound to get a great deal of exposure very soon.  The young gentleman who waited on my table spoke of outdoor grilling, room expansions and menu additions in the very near future.  If they can keep up this level of quality for the huge potential crowds, this modest corner-restaurant has the potential to become a popular foodie-stop in the near future (if it hasn't already!)  I'll be back with friends and family for sure... especially if they turn on that industrial strength steamer next to the front desk during the winter.This restaurant is tucked away in South Philly.  They had odd hours that close early for dinnertime so make sure to get there early.   It's BYOB and probably has a 10-15 tables so there can be a wait.  
We sat down without a wait and ordered:
- spring rolls: would skip this next time
- chicken satay:  great skewers to start the meal
- papaya salad:  this is a pretty spicy dish if you request it.  My wife loved it and she also loves really spicy food.  I can handle my spice, but it was a little too much for me
- eggplant:  this was a great dish and everyone loved it.  Would order this again
- beef cubes: I enjoyed this dish and similar to what you might get at a Vietnamese restaurant
- fried rice/lo mein: good, but these weren't the star of the showWas here on a Saturday afternoon. It was not busy at all. Food came out really quick.  We ordered the calamari for appetizer and i definitely recommend it. Also the fish dish was done really well. The curry chicken dish was another bomb! I gotta say they serve in large portions and they make sure you don't go home hungry!  The seating of this place is small so I'd call ahead if you have large parties .Amazing. 
1) We got the cha krung (beef stir-fry) and salaw karee saramohn (peanut infused Chicken coconut curry). Both were out of this world. 
2) The service is excellent. Ambiance is wonderful. 
3) Cash only.I don't usually put stock in atmosphere, but it was a fun little place. The tables are close together, so it's loud. The staff was very helpful and the food came out quick. I had the prah hoo kateeh (cartelized ground pork) on suggestion from the waiter. I ended up enjoying the eggplant side dish better. Parking is very tight in the area. I ended up walking over 2 blocks from Pierce. Would definitely go back again on a week night.The food was spicy and delicious!  We went on a Sunday mid afternoon which we were able to get a table! Heard the place gets pretty jammed.  
The server was really friendly and helpful with his recommendations.  My husband and I had the minced pork dish which was so good! We also tried the tilapia fish soup which was even better than the Vietnamese style fish soup! The bok la homle was sooo fresh and good.  
Only thing I would say about the experience is that we waited long for food to come to the table.  But it was def worth the wait and we would be coming back to try more! FYI cash only and BYOB!i brough a date there that never had cambodian food in her life , she had other asian food like viet chinese korean and so on... anyway... we order 2 dish and 2 appetizers and wow that was alot of food. She was wow by it and ate 70 percent of the food.Being of Vietnamese descent, I honestly didn't know what to expect of Cambodian food. It's sort of a mix between Vietnamese and Thai, but with its own unique and amazing flavors (lots of herbs and sauces). It's a cozy (tiny) family-run BYOB. The staff is so friendly, they are like family.
Our favorites: prah hok kateeh -- caramelized ground pork with an assortment of veggies that you eat sort of like a chip & dip. Curried green mussels are a must -- spoon the sauce over some rice. Roasted eggplant with chicken, also amazing! Honestly, I've never had a bad dish here. We usually pick a dish or two and let our server suggest/surprise us with other dishes.This was my first time eating Cambodian food. I didn't know much about it or this place in particular, except that a friend wanted it since he'd really enjoyed the mussels. This place looked extraordinarily nondescript upon first glance, not to mention that it was deserted when we arrived before 6 pm on a weekday.
And hour later, every table in this seemingly family-run place was occupied and even all the chairs for waiting diners were fully occupied. A few people were even standing. We did get the mussels and the flavorful sauce really delivered. 
Tips to optimize your experience:
-Arrive before peak eating hours, even on a week day. That ensures that you don't have to wait for seating.
-Dress snugly. It felt like the restaurant was not really heated.
-Cash only, so leave the plastic at home
-Be able to parallel park! Street parking onlyIf I ever for any reason find myself on death row, I will go out smiling after picking Khmer for my last meal. This place deserves a SOLID five star review. The food is spectacular. I had never tried Cambodian food but found the spice blends to be EXTREMELY agreeable and complimentary to the meats and veggies they were cooked with. Get the meatballs. Wrap them in lettuce and dip them in the spicy sweet sauce. Get the caramelized pork in coconut. Get the 4 mushroom lemon grass pork in the banana leaf. The only reason I would NOT reorder these items is to try the rest of the menu. I want everything. Byob (though we didn't last night, couldn't find a liquor store) is a nice option, and the family that owns Khmer is SO accommodating and cool. I expected Khmer to be sort of a hole in the wall, due to the lack of any Yelp interior pictures, but I actually found it to be very cute. I caaaaan't wait to go back. Also, for anyone deducting stars due to wait times, wouldn't you rather your food be cooked to order than sitting on some cart all day? I actually liked hanging out there and having brief exchanges with the other diners and the owner. My food was $9. The best I've ever had.
Update: Bummed that its the second time I've taken my date here and they were out of the meatballs and beef skewer, but its my own fault for going so late. Everything we got( the spicy red ground pork and the chicken salad in sauce) were spectacular. This place is tried and true.I think the last time I had authentic Cambodian food I was at my friend's house in elementary school.  Khmer Kitchen captured all the fresh flavor I remember!  
Try the mussels (ginger style), curry chicken and fried tilapia.  Delicious!!!
Prices are reasonable (3 dishes were perfect for 2 people), BYOB, and the server was very attentive and remembered my date well (he even remembered what he had eaten the last time when it had been over a year since he was there last!)Visited Khmer Kitchen based on recent reviews and wanting to try Cambodian food.  Always love a good family-run place,  especially of the Asian-variety.
I want to be able to give this a higher rating (food is really fantastic) but can't overlook some glaring issues:
1) Place is very small,  so wait time for a table on weekend is long (they don't take reservations).  Additionally,  once we placed our order,  it took an hr for food to arrive and 1 of our diners' food was lukewarm to cold.
2) Service is very slow.   It took 15 min just to get menus and a bit longer than that to get hot tea.
3) It's freezing !   We all dined with our winter coats on.
4) No paper towels in bathroom to dry off your hands.
All that said ... I do understand that a new place has to iron out its kinks and hopefully it will.
The meatballs are out of this world.
The papaya salad was OUTRAGEOUS.   And had a great kick in terms of spicy-factor.
Loved Loved the calamari.
I would come back again, only during warmer weather,  a week night or perhaps just for take out !
I am still awaiting my toes to thaw out and I'm home now !Beef skewer:
Tender inside, crisp charred exterior. Wonderful smoky flavor.
Prahok:
Perfectly salty, huge umami hit, veggies were fresh and crisp. Wow.
Curry:
Delicate and delicious broth, chicken was tender.
Service:
Everyone here is so nice. I hate to give a rating based on service, but I think it's outstanding enough here to warrant saying something.If I ever for any reason find myself on death row, I will go out smiling after picking Khmer for my last meal. This place deserves a SOLID five star review. The food is spectacular. I had never tried Cambodian food but found the spice blends to be EXTREMELY agreeable and complimentary to the meats and veggies they were cooked with. Get the meatballs. Wrap them in lettuce and dip them in the spicy sweet sauce. Get the caramelized pork in coconut. Get the 4 mushroom lemon grass pork in the banana leaf. The only reason I would NOT reorder these items is to try the rest of the menu. I want everything. Byob (though we didn't last night, couldn't find a liquor store) is a nice option, and the family that owns Khmer is SO accommodating and cool. I expected Khmer to be sort of a hole in the wall, due to the lack of any Yelp interior pictures, but I actually found it to be very cute. I caaaaan't wait to go back. Also, for anyone deducting stars due to wait times, wouldn't you rather your food be cooked to order than sitting on some cart all day? I actually liked hanging out there and having brief exchanges with the other diners and the owner. My food was $9. The best I've ever had.I know I'm preaching to the choir at this point but I would be remiss to not give a 5 star review. The food is bright, interesting, amazing. The staff is all family and you feel it. My favorite Asian restaurant in Philly and I'm a Cali girl. Brought my Cali parents tonight. They beyond loved it. Thank you!!!area quite small but don't be discourage, the food makes up for it. Coming from a person that grew up eating authentic Cambodian food, Khmer Kitchen nips it right in the bud. The "tuk pahok" is absolutely delicious, I'm a sucker for spicy food and I always prefer my "tuk pahok" spicy but I do not mind their non spicy version of it at all. Although the steak served with "tuk pahok" is very delicious the portion will not fill one person up. I recommend getting the "soups" to eat with rice if you are trying to fill up your belly. The beef and meatball on a stick are standard quality and a bit more expensive then the regular street vendor
One bad thing was that they gave very little portion of rice knowing every Cambodian dish is eaten with rice. I assume the reason why is because they know people would ask for extra rice, so they charge an extra $4 for a tiny bowl of rice -_- besides the slow service and ridiculous portion of rice, the food is a must tryI was really hoping to get some beef sticks but they were sadly sold out :( I shared the cubed beef dish with my bf but when it came it was not "cubed" but it's not a big deal. I would have preferred if it came with more meat as it was much more abundant in lettuce tomato and onions. I also shared papaya salad which was spicy. The service was good.Visiting here from California we decided to come eat here on a Tuesday. We decided to walk here from REUP shoe store which is a few blocks from this Resturant. We got here at 8pm exactly (the Resturant says it closes at 9pm). One of the workers said they were closed and just took their last seating. We couldn't put in an order for a to go. This is bad business practice. He didn't give us no options at all. We are here from another state and walked here but I guess it doesn't matter.Came back to eat today and wasn't enthralled as with my first visit.  We had the sliced beef and it was so bland.  It had no taste to the beef like last time.  The papaya salad with shrimp was still good.  The chicken curry was a tad too sweet and not thick at all.  It was too watery.Really enjoyed eating at this place! The food did take long, but it was worth it! The price is reasonable since the entree is a huge amount and it comes with white rice. We are definitely lucky to look up this place due to fabulous reviews here! Overall, the food is authentic and good! Our waitress helped us which entrees were the popular ones and we were not disappointed at all. We ordered the fried quail for the appetizer. It's crispy and seasoned well. The two main entrees was the grilled beef and a seafood entree. Really enjoyed eating this meal!It might be the biggest oversight of my life that I haven't yet reviewed this local, consistently amazing, friendly, reasonably priced, high-quality, family owned Cambodian joint. Seriously, it's the greatest.
Currently Kymer has seating for about 20 and they don't take reservations. So we usually go during the week. And they do open at 11 AM on weekdays so that's a good option, too.
Why be so strategic about when to go to Kymer? Because it is a major major bummer to be jonesing for their fantastic food it and not be able to get in.
Once you do get in, a plethora of delights awaits you... They have a vast menu of dishes while names might not be familiar, but many of the ingredients will be. It doesn't matter anyway because it's all magical.
I have never crave something quite as much as I do their chicken pumpkin dish. I can't describe it so just try it. The minced pork is a specialty of the house and it is the specialty because it's so special. I also love steak with pineapple. Part of it is the texture of the silky sauce on the perfectly-cooked beef but I think what I love most is that they're not stingy with the pineapple and its sweetness counterbalances the meat so well. And a chicken lemongrass soup has replaced matzoh ball as the one I want to eat when I'm not feeling well. Spicy and sweet and touches all the right spots on Your palate.
It's BYO and cash only which keeps the cost down but the portions are so big and the quality so good they could charge me double and I would still pay it.
The family who runs it couldn't be any nicer either. 
Tip: in Spring 2016 they're apparently giving the place a facelift and there will be outdoor dining. 
Another tip: I hear there's going to be a Northern liberties outpost coming soon. Lucky nolibbers!This place is literally a hole in the wall. The place is small and cramped. It can only seats maybe 12 to 14 people maxed. Not a place to come if you have a large group of people in your party. We were lucky, we went early in the day when they just open up, so no lines.
But what they lack in size, they makes up for it in flavors.
All the food we oder was very good. We order the stir fried coconut curry mussels, coconut curry chicken, medium rare grill beef steak with fish sauce dip, rare beef salad, stir fried lemongrass chicken, fried octopus, sweet and sour fish soup.
The plate were of nice size, each plate was enough to serve 3 people. It was a great surprise. We did the best we can to try and finish it, but we couldn't. We still had leftovers.
At the end we ask for our bills and was so shocked at our bill. It came out cheaper than we thought.
This is definitely a must try a good for your buck kind of place.!!!Really small place with limited seating. Wait time is terrible but food was great. Service is friendly. BYOBI would give this place 4 stars based on food quality and friendly service, but can't due to the extremely long wait for food.  While this restaurant prides itself on making everything from scratch,  and that is how they explain long wait times, when it takes you 20- 30 minutes to get a salad on the table, your kitchen has issues. 
When we walked up late on a Sunday afternoon, the entire place was packed, and most still had menus in front of them, which is always a bad sign.  We might have left, but the person who greeted us (a young and friendly guy--the owner?) encouraged us to sit outside. 
It took us a while to decide what we would order, because some of the menu was unfamiliar and everything looked interesting. Owner guy was super friendly and knowledgeable and patient about explaining items to us and making recommendations. 
While the food took an eternity to come out, everything was quite good: 
The Nyum Sahdau salad, which I ordered based on the server's recommendation (after he asked me if I was an adventurous eater), has cabbage, bitter melon flowers, shredded chicken, cucumber and what I am pretty sure is sliced jalapenos that look deceivingly like green beans. Simultaneously bitter, spicy, salty, sweet and sour, if you enjoy eating food takes you on a sweaty, runny-nosed journey to somewhere magical, this is the salad for you.  Otherwise, steer clear and order the Nyum La-Hong (papaya salad) but ask for it mild or else it will be super spicy! 
The Sah-Law Ka-Koe-- a stew with choice of chicken or pork and pumpkin, and eggplant -- was also really good. And OMG the meatball skewers-- If you eat meat, order these! They are the fantastic! 
All in all it was a great meal, even though they jacked up our take out order and accidentally gave my brother the really spicy dish that he ended up having to throw out!  I look forward to going back, but hopefully when it's not as busy. 
The owner said they are going to revamp the menu soon, and I am hoping that will address some of the service issues.The epitome of an excellent hole-in-the-wall restaurant!  Hidden in a corner of Philly's residential zone, this quaint Cambodian restaurant truly DELIVERS!  Their food is cooked as you order to perfection. All ingredients are fresh and unique. Incredibly friendly and informative staff. The fusion of ingredients is so perfectly selected to create a truly authentic experience.Not to mention the INCREDIBLY affordable prices!! Unforgettable appetizers starting at $1.50!
Definitely check this diamond in the rough out..you won't regret it.
Bon Apetite!Khmer Kitchen was my first experience with Cambodian food and it has easily become one of my favorite restaurants in Philly. You can't go wrong with anything here. Everything is cooked and seasoned perfectly. All the dishes are flavorful and fresh, and more importantly, they're consistent! My favorites are the lok lak, pleah sach-khoe, mussels, & fried frog legs. I've tried almost everything on their menu and have yet to be disappointed. 
I once brought a couple of skeptical (Cambodian) friends and they ended up loving everything,  exclaiming how authentic all the dishes were! Also worth mentioning, their one & only waiter, Tony, is super personable and attentive. So go out of the way and venture down to Khmer Kitchen, you won't be disappointed!Great foodCOCKROACHES!  This was our first time here, and we really looked forward to it.  Alas, it was a disaster, which had nothing to do with the food. That being said, we will NEVER go back. 
 Sure, the food took a long time to come out, and one entree arrived about 15 minutes after the other, but we can deal with that.  But just after we finally got our food, there came a COCKROACH crawling up the wall next to our table!  We told the waiter and he took a napkin and squashed it.  Then he split, without the slightest apology. Despite that, we decided to suck it up and continue our meals. Not 1 minute later ANOTHER cockroach appeared, this time on one of the PLATES containing our food!  Needless to say, that was just too much. We all got up to leave, and I asked to see the manager. The workers that we told said the manager "just left". Our waiter was nowhere to be found, either. (I suspect they were one and the same guy.) One of the workers (a woman) said "they (the cockroaches) come from upstairs". So obviously this is an ongoing problem. We received not the slightest apology from anyone.  We will never return, of course.  And I will report them to the health department on Monday (today is Saturday).Finally got to try this place and it was phenomenal. We ordered the fried tilapia, papaya salad, curry mussels, and the caramelized ground pork. Now the first thing I really have to say is that I'm lao and have been to quite  how a few thai/lao restaurants in search of papaya salad like my family makes. They were all very disappointing. But not here. Their papaya salad was what satisfied my constant craving for a spicy papaya salad. It was almost like mamas. Everything we had was like comfort food to me. It reminded me of my childhood and eating with my family. It's funny how none of the thai/lao restaurants I've been to could transport me to my youth like this place did. Everything was amazing. Service was friendly. Definitely would recommend to everyone that's close by.I moved to South Philly a little over a month ago. My boyfriend is Dominican and all I eat is Spanish food (obviously I'm Cambodian). It got to a point that I missed my mom's cooking and missed being around Khmer people. So my boyfriend and I decided to stop by Khmer Kitchen, thanks to Yelp, and was greeted by a young looking server. He was genuine and sincere when my boyfriend was lost at looking at the menu.
I ordered the beef with duk-pahok and was about to cry from deliciousness before the food even got in my belly.  I don't know what my boyfriend ordered, but it was definitely something my mom made. The portion was a large size and my boyfriend couldn't finish it so I had to help.
 The server was friendly and explained how his mom, aunt, and grandma were the only cooks since it is a family owned restaurant. He introduced us to all of them and his dad. Oh, and there was the most adorable little girl that came out the back of the counter. She was smiling and everything, it was sooo cute. Definitely will be coming back soon. :) it's BYOB, and CASH ONLY.Small corner shop that's always pretty busy every time I visit. Great place for Khmer food. Interior is small and has limited seating. Service is always slow even in the afternoon. Definitely worth visiting and trying.Love this place. Cambodian is my 2nd fav cuisine (VN is #1) and it's impossible to find a Cambodian restaurant in NYC. Can't believe I found this gem in Philly. I was sad because they didnt have the Ah-mok (I had that in Cambodia and it's amazing) so I ordered fish curry instead. Can't go wrong with a Cambodian fish dish. 
Price is very decent and portion is huge. I'd def come back here. and yes,it's BYOB.In our ongoing interest in learning of new cuisines we made our way this afternoon to Khmer Kitchen. We have never before tried Cambodian food and were not familiar with any in the city.  An online search took us to the corner of 6th and Morris in South Philadelphia.  Like several other unusual Asian restaurants this is just a small place, clean, bright and unpretentious. But it did have lovely live roses on the tables.  Our young waiter was a great help to us. My guess is that he is American born and a so a bridge between two worlds.  As such he was a great help to us in selecting our lunch and explaining everything about how to enjoy or afternoon at the table.  One thing to know is that even though the menu at Khmer Kitchen divides dishes into "appetizers," "traditional," "meats," etc. All dishes are served at the same time: a method that is most common in most Asian community restaurants. We have now ceased to try to ask for the soup before the main. It just doesn't happen. Everything is on the table at once and you pick as you go. 
But to our lunch. Our first selection as appetizer (although it arrived with everything else) was the mussels in a ginger sauce.  While we actually did not get to them until a bit later, the mussels appetizer took your tastes to an experience of a sea with salty sweetness and spice: an absolute delight worthy of the finest gourmet kitchen.  From the advice of our serve we also had before us a soup of tiny eggplant, read peppers, celery and chicken in a curried broth and also a dish of ground pork served with a variety of raw vegetables.  The soup surpassed anything you might imagine: an entirely new taste enhanced by wondrously crisp fresh vegetables. The ground pork, our server explained to us, should be eater like a vegetable dip by touching the vegetables into the pork mix. Once again, the crispy raw vegetables mounted with the sweet and salty pork took the tongue to heaven.  By the way, if you prefer spicy, they will give you a little dish of finely sliced red peppers. But beware. One of those mini-slices goes quite a long way.
Now to Khmer (Cambodian) table manners. The first thing we noticed was that the table setting had no chopsticks but only a fork and spoon. This seemed a bit odd. But then we stealthily observed the Khmer families around us. It seemed that you use the fork to push the rice and accompaniment onto your spoon.  Then the spoon, and only the spoon, was raised to the mouth.  It also seemed that for certain things, you could use your fingers.
Cost wise, Khmer Kitchen is slightly more expensive than other community Asian restaurants, but only by a minimal margin. The bill comes to a little more than ten dollars per person, per course. If interesting and different cuisine interest you, make an excursion to Khmer Kitchen. Because of parking I would suggest lunch over dinner.The best Cambodian food in Philadelphia. Fresh and flavorful and will leave you craving for more. The kind of food that makes you feel alive. The mussels and the fish soup are amazing! Wonderful little spot.Great foods!! They make authentic khmer food. Love their prahok katiss and how its byob . Awesomeness in one place.This is my favorite Cambodian restaurant! Grant it, I've never been to any other Cambodian spot, but I can tell the food here is 5 star quality. 
The entire kitchen and FOH staff are family! I remember talking to the waiter/cashier/everything guy (lol) telling me who made each dish we ordered. One from his grandmother, another from his brother and the last from his mom. I thought that was so cool! 
The food is always fresh and tasty and flavors are balanced. Be careful with ordering spicy unless you can REALLY handle it. I'm a spicy eater, trust I eat the Korean Spicy Noodles just because. Unlike that, these peppers take over your mouth like no other. So just a warning!
To wrap it up, this place is definitely a hidden gem! BYOB! Small and family owned feel. Casual. 
Favorite dishes:
Cha Kr' ung (chicken)
Prah-Hak KateehThis place is truly one of the best restaurants in Philadelphia.
The food comes straight from the cooking talents of a Cambodian grandmother and is, fresh, unique, and ultimately incredibly delicious. There are so many dishes that are absolutely fantastic that it is hard to narrow down and recommend one over the other. I really enjoy the papaya salad each time I go, but it's the primary entrees that steal the show.
It is not the biggest place in the world, but the service is OUTSTANDING, and the family atmosphere with which the ownership runs the business is really great. We went with a group of 7 recently and had to wait for a half hour or so, but it was a weekend and the fact that it is BYO made our wait very easy to get through. 
This place is worth going to regardless of where you live in or outside of the city. I love Khmer Kitchen and will miss it when we leave Philly.So I was getting my hair done and my hairdresser Mary was talking about her soup that she loves from this Cambodian Restaurant.  I don't even know what happened but the next thing you know, I was in a cab with a bottle of wine to said Cambodian Restaurant and it was awesome.  Our waiter told us that his entire family owned and worked at the restaurant..even his grandma!  He also knew we were newbies and reccommeded how many plates we should get as well as popular items on the menu and they did not disappoint.  Amazing! Since we had never been in the area before, they even called a cab for us when we were finished.  Awesome!