HYPE***
How do so many people hype this place up.  Definitely does not deserve a 5 star.  Their food is ok at best, but their prices are just unreasonable.  The Kalbi is priced as if it should be endless kalbi.  There's definitely better korean restaurants out there.This is my favorite  korean restaurant in philly... huge portions and absolutely delicious.  It's so much fun cooking on the charcoal grills.  The service is excellent...they are very attentive and sweet  If you're looking for beautiful ambience this is not the place for you... kinda tacky and horrible lighting.  It's also in a sketchy part of town
but who cares it's absolutely worth going... if you can find itterrible service. called and made a reservation, and end up waiting an hour. turns out "they don't take reservations after 6", and yet they still tell our group they can take us? incompetent and ignorant. avoid this place!Dingy little spot in Philly but solid Korean food. Great selection of bonchons (side dishes) that accompany your meal and a very healthy portion of meat that comes along.  I had the Kalbi for 2 people ~56.00 and had an order of the mul naengmyeon ~10.00.  Kim's uses wood chip/charcoal fire which gives the bbq a great flavor. The star of the meal was the mul naengmyeon, super crisp, clean, and ultra refreshing.  The only thing that holds it back is just the ambiance and decor but with food that good it doesn't really matter does it?This place is very smokey, but charcoal makes the meat so much better!!  My nephew has sensitive eyes, but he will gladly eat thru his tears.  Not kidding, he always ask for this place if we eat Korean.  
I generally eat the galbi, which is always tender and mouth watering.  
Lots of excellent banchan, wish they sold this.  I like sides with my meals and I can't cook this well.
Free ice cream is a nice plus.
updated 4/2017If you want Korean BBQ, this is the place to go! First of all, this is the only place I've seen that uses natural charcoal while other places use gas or gas/charcoal hybrid. After trying many different places for Kalbi, this is the place I prefer and recommends to others. Service staffs are very friendly, side dishes are really good, and kalbi is best in town. This place also has two rooms for private groups and several tables for party of 6 or less. The staff told me that all the food is made in the premise and none is outsourced. Not even kimchi and of course 'no MSG.' The restaurant can get pretty busy during weekend dinner time. However, when it's not, staffs will grill the meat for you. SIMPLY THE BEST KOREAN BBQ PLACE IN PHILLY. If you haven't tried, give it a shot. You'll know what I'm talking about.
PS. Ask the waiter to grill the rib inside and bring it out to you. It's the best part of kalbi.Kim's is probably the best korean bbq I have ever had. Went there Saturday night for 2 and I always find korean bbq spots fun. 
Service: 5/5
The food came out nice and quick for a Saturday at 6pm. Although it did take a while to get the check.
Food: 5/5
Ordered the steamed eggs, and beef and squid bbq (c10). I wasn't too big of a fan of the cabbage kim chi here. however all the other sides were fantastic. The steamed eggs I have never had before but it was amazing! The steamed eggs are enough reason to drag me back and I'd go back in a heartbeat! 
Atmosphere: 4/5
The korean bbq will have your clothes smelling like food but it is to be expected when food is cooked in front of you even with a fan just like a hibachi. 
I loved this place, one of the greatest dining experiences I have had in a long time. The service was great, the food was fantastic, and how could you hate a place that give you free ice cream?!Excellent!
Lots and lots of side dishes and they are all very good.
Bbq is superb!
We always order the Sam gyup sal and Kalbi
The best korean in Northeast Philadelphiaok, wtf is going on with ths place?  this place used to serve best meat in town...and now it has gone crap...my friend and i came for dinner last night...price went up...meat was very chewy...marinated meat was quiet not there...we just ordered two orders and closed our tab...then went to nalmada...aka every day good house...I came from New York to visit my friend in Philly. My friend took me here because he said this is the best place to get korean bbq.
I was little skeptical about this place because i have been to so many other Korean restaurants in K-towns in NYC. I mean, Korean bbq in NYC is amazing, otherwise they can't survive on the land of harshness. 
So, I ordered two portions of Galbi. It was $27.99 per order, so I immediately thought "this is little pricy but it better be good" 
After i put my orders in, they bring you this 12 side dishes for my Galbi!!! I surprised how they provide you this many side dishes, and how each one of the dishes taste so good! 
As you are enjoying your side dishes, they bring you a box of charcoal for my galbi.
Okay, their galbi taste so good. It is just perfect how they marinated. You have this over 12 side dishes along with your galbi in front of you. 
$27.99 for an order of galbi may sound overpriced BUT the way they get you prepared for the meal is definitely worth it. 
I personally would come back again to get myself a blast with this nice Korean food!!!
Thanks guys!!!Have been coming here for a few times now and thought I found a good Korean BBQ place, but after this visit, I don't think I'll be back. The service was not good and the food was disappointing. We ordered the C3 and C4 and they literally had no favor and a large steamed egg but it was more water than egg. We decided to order a second one thinking if we told them less water it would be better, but it was a quarter filled with egg in a large clay pot. The waiter gave us water and we had to asked three times for cups.Love all their dishes!! Kalbi is MUST try!!!! 
I like there spicy pork too!!!! 
All the side dishes are soooooo good!!!!!!!
Best Korean BBQ place in philly!I've never had such mixed feelings about a restaurant, so before I go off writing a novel about this place, I'll just list the pros and cons: 
PROS: 
- good marinated kalbi (for philly standards) at $60 for 2 people 
- they do most of the cooking and cutting for you
- relatively diverse amount of banchan (for philly standards) 
- they use sutbul (or woodchips/coal) to add extra flavor to the meat 
- free ice cream at the end
CONS: 
- this place is OLD and JANKY
- ~$45 for 1 order of partially frozen pork belly (which would cost ~$7 at a grocery store and maybe $20 at another restaurant) 
-~ $45 for 1 order of bulgogi (which would cost ~$10 at a grocery store and maybe $20 at another restaurant) 
- the grill basically ends when the fire dies naturally... aka you have an unknown time limit to cook your food... AKA if you have 3 pieces of meat left and your fire dies they WILL NOT replace your grill and WILL NOT cook it for you in the back... AKA you waste your $  
You will pay about $35 at the end, which is pretty high for a place that looks as rundown and beat-up as this place. If you have a car, drive 30 minutes out and you can pay the same exact amount for AYCE Kbbq, where they WON'T TAKE YOUR GRILL AWAY FROM YOU BEFORE YOU'RE DONE COOKING your meat (PS. how ridic is that?!).I remember going to Kim's back in the 80's with my family as a kid and the place is still there, serving the same great food I remember. The banchan is plentiful and fresh, the staff is still friendly and helpful, and best of all the kalbi still brings back memories of delicious family meals.
I usually only order kalbi here, and what separates them from most other places is that they still use traditional charcoal grills to cook the meat. Several other restaurants have moved to gas grills which is okay, but lacks that special flavor that comes with a charcoal grilling. Also, the meat they use (at least all the times I've gone) isn't too fatty or cut too thick/thin.
The only thing working against Kim's is the location which, at a cursory glance, looks a bit sketchy.
Other than that, this is probably the most authentic Korean BBQ place in Philadelphia that still provides a quality meal at a reasonable price. My favorite place to get Korean BBQ.This is my ultimate fave place! A little out dated and it has this mom and pops feel to it but I guess that's what keeps it packed with regulars! It's fun for groups and I love their sides much more compared to the other Korean BBQs in Philly. This is the best of all! Even the nice looking one on Cheltenham! Plus the #Free #IceCream makes me feel like I'm winning!This place might not have the coziest ambience.
This place might not be in the hippest neighborhood.
This place might not be what you want to smell like afterward.
BUT.
None of that matters because this is THE best Korean food in Philly.  Skip any Center City joint immediately and most of the spots in North Philly.  Kim's has an excellent authentic menu boasting huge portions of BBQ at a fantastic price.  Definitely go with at least 4-6 other people, so you have enough folks to sample the menu.  My family and I usually order two orders of bulgogi, jab chae, scallion pancakes (vegetarian), and spicy seafood soup.  Wash it all down with a cold beer...and perhaps some free ice cream, too.Not as good as it used to be :(
Been going to Kim's since I was a kid and it used to be operated and managed by two lovely old Korean ladies. The meats were marinated so well that you can smell the seasoning the second the meat hit the grill. And you used to get A LOT of meat for each order. 
Sadly, I went there yesterday as their quality dropped a lot. Their meats were barely marinated. It didn't give that mouth watering scent the second the meat hit the grill. Serving of meats are at least 30% smaller. 
Service is still good and the non BBQ dishes are good. 
As a charcoal lover and a long time customer, I really hope they improve and be good as they used to be....Well, as far as I know this is the real thing!  I have eaten at the finest in NY and Tokyo.  The ingredients are tasty and basic.  Meat with seasoning on real charcoal makes for gooood korean bbq.   Amen.   The lettuce is always crispy and fresh. I am a fan for sure.   Nothign makes me smile more than knowing we are gonna eat at Kim's.
The appetizers that come with every meal, the pickles etc, are flavorful and plentiful too.   Sometimes the appetizers that we have ordered separately have been mediocre.   I don't think this is their specialty.  The onion pancakes are really off sometimes and are just greasy after five minutes.  The dumplings are good if steamed but the sauce they come with is a bit too salty given that the dumplings are salted as well.   
Now, as far as atmosphere....it can't get much worse.   An investment in  incandescent bulbs instead of the morgue-like-hues compact florescent ones offer would at least mask the hideous decor and dirt.   Yes dirty and ugly.  WHO remembers WHY anyone NEEDS a Pocahontas with Russian Wolfhound standing by her side FAKE Tiffany lamp and WHY is this needed in this Korean restaurant?   
I still go and will go here but I sometimes wish I was blind so I wouldn't have to see the decor such as it is.My favorite korean restaurant in Philly, no doubt. I have been coming here since I was young with my family, it was a regular place we dined at. I cannot speak for the entire menu but only for what my usual order - spicy marinated ribs. 
I have yet to find another korean bbq spot in Philly that uses the same method/technique as Kim's when grilling. I can't say 100% what they use bc I'm not sure but its different. Different enough to make a noticable difference :) 
Service is very friendly. They tend to have their busy moments on weekends so expect service to be slightly delayed. I opt to go on the weekdays. 
A bit pricey but hey, that's korean bbq for ya. After a satisfying meal, its very worth it.Decent smoky real-wood Korean BBQ. Not too spicy, good service, grim decor. Free ice cream! I'm still looking for a better one though...best korean bbq hands down. most other places use a gas fire but they bring out a grill with scorching hot charcoal with a grill on top to cook the deliciously marinated meat. we got the kalbi and it was bomb. they also offer like 15 different side dishes where as the average korean restaurant has about 8. to top it all off, they have free ice cream at the end!My family and I would come here regularly all the time when I was younger and we randomly stopped by on a weekday. The place hasn't changed much which isn't a bad thing. 
We got the regular galbi and the spicy galbi. The food overall was clean and good, but the gwen jang jigae was really delicious! It wasn't made out of beef stock and so it was very refreshing and just amazing. They also have self serve icecream which I enjoyed at the end. There wasn't anything bad to say about the food or the restaurant. 
All the staff were very friendly and attentive, which made our time there very pleasing. 
I had a very satisfying meal and service! And I'll definitely be back again.They come out with new menu 'Raw Kalbi'(without sauce)!!!!
I love it!You will feel the meat melt in your mouth! 
It just taste so good!
Love all there dishes!! Kalbi is MUST try!!
All the side dishes are soooooo good!!!!!!!
Best Korean BBQ place in philly!Simply the best restaurant around. Amazing Korean food and amazing service. You feel like you are part of the family when you are there. 
Feels authetic.After asking many Koreans where to get the best BBQ, Kim's is what I was told was the best. The staff were all very nice, the service was a tad lacking but they were very busy, and the food and portion sizes were all great! Had an amazing time! One of the best parts is eating all the small Korean side dishes before the meal! 
The BBQ meats were all good portion sizes. One order of meat can feed 2 people. We sat in the front and people kept coming in the door so it was freezing almost the entire time. That was the only down side but I give this place 5 stars for authentic Korean BBQ!This place is awesome! I just came back from Kim's and I knew I had to a write a review ASAP! The food was amazing, service was EXCELLENT! I'm not sure what his name is, but the guy who served us is probably one of the best servers I've ever had, he basically cooked the food for us the whole time, gave me another glass after I spilled my soda on the table and floor, and gave us more side dishes without hesitation. And there is free ice cream as well, can't beat that! Overall, AWESOME PLACE, HIGHLY RECOMMEND IT!Love love love this place, very friendly atmosphere, English friendly And the food absolutely delicious !!!! Thank God I live down the street from this place :DI came here recently to hangout with my sister. This wasn't my first Korean BBQ and it won't be my last. Kim's BBQ was great! The great service is what really won me over. I could see there was only 2 people waiting on the tables and so I wasn't sure if I'd receive good service, but we did and you could tell they aimed to please. My server asked us if it was our first time their and we said "yes". This was after we ordered. What he did so that we could get a better taste of their food for just a 10 dollars more was to order one entree to share along with the meat. It was some sort of combo. Anyways the meat they cooked for us in front of us perfectly. I only gave them four stars because I ordered a seafood pancake as an appetizer and thought it wasn't as great as other places. Not much seafood. It was good but felt lacking in the seafood. Overall I recommend Kim'sWow! This is the best Korean restaurant that I  have ever been to! This is a must. Highly commended. 
Superb service. It seemed like the servers couldn't do enough. Friendly and very accommodating.This place was AWESOME. It is not as divey as some people make it out to be--but it is definitely family run. The kids were running around and our various servers all had thick accents. 
But really, the meat was delicious. The sides were plentiful and ranged from hot, to sweet, to tangy, to hot, sweet, and tangy all at the same time. The flavor from the kalbi and pork bulgolgi were awesome. It seemed like they had been marinating for days. 
Be forewarned, however, this isn't dim sum where everything is $1. You're paying for heaping piles of marinated beef. But, one order is enough for two very hungry people. The pancake (also awesome) is about the size of a vinyl record, with mildly spicy peppers and other deliciousness in them. It puts a scallion pancake to shame. 
Its definitely worth the trip back up to olney for this one.Expensive but good Korean BBQ. Worth the trip out of center city. Don't come here unless you wanna splurge at least $40 between two people. Lots of banchan if you're into that.First thing I noticed when I walked in was how smoky the place was but it also smelled wonderful. The grill is a lot more different than I've ever experienced, it's super hot and the charcoal is super close to you, i'm not a fan. The spicy pork is reallllly good and spicy which I love. I wish they had the scallion green onion salad most korean bbq's have to wrap your meat in. The buckwheat cold noodles were perfect and my boyfriend got the yook gae jang which was amazing. 
All in all place was "okay" I've had better bbq before for a cheaper price. It's quite pricier than the other ones in Olney area. I would recommend that they get a better ventilation system for the restaurant, there's so much smoke and it's hot.(I am from South Korea)
 I went there last week with my friends. We had Galbi, which was $59,99 (?). Anyway, it was awful terrible experience. The quality of the meats totally ruined my expectation, considering pretty good reviews of Yelp. 
The amount of meats were basically not enough and the taste was .... I felt like I could make it better than them. 
I really don't want to go there again, and I will never recommend that place.
P.S) The employees were kind.not all you can eat but you can't beat the charcoal flavor in the meat. there's more side dishes than I've ever seen in a Korean restaurant. A bit pricey but a worthwhile experience.awesome place for korean food!  very authentic. dont forget the self-serve dessert ice cream :)Took my Cousin out there! For it being his first time eating Korean he was very impressed and so was I. The side dishes were great. The lady who owns the place had cooked the BBQ for us and served us as we'll cuz she saw that my Cousin had a cast in his arm. I'm would definitely come back here. It's highly recommended!I was looking for a good korean BBQ restaurant and got so angry because Philly proper doesn't have anything to really offer. In my fit of rage I googled Best Korean BBQ in Philly, all that popped up was Kim's BBQ in the north east. I convinced my friend (Who was equally craving Korean BBQ) to drive up to Kim's. Best food decision of 2013 thus far (the year is still young). 
First off, we got Bulgogi and Kalbi that was marinated in a wonderful sauce. The meat was grilled on the table utilizing charcoals! I'm used to the regular electric grill, but now after eating off the charcoals I don't think I can go back. Oh and it also helped that the meat was perfectly spiced and delicious! I really don't know how to express how happy I am to write this review so if it seems very broken I apologize, my grammar is negatively affected when I'm feeling super excited.Great food, and totally the mom and pop vibe. There was a shooting next door when we were there, at the karaoke joint next door, well outside the control of the owners. Nobody seemed to notice. Anyways, I would go back any time, but I guess the would avoid the karaoke place.Admittedly I am new to Korean BBQ, so take my review with a grain of salt.  Kim's is a fair bit out of the way for Philly, just past an unusually eclectic neighborhood.  We parked a few blocks away, but realized that Kim's does have a small parking lot when we got there.  From the outside, the establishment doesn't look like much, but the inside is comfortably appointed.  Not fancy or romantic -- though really, a big smoking grill at each table is not really conducive to intimacy -- but pleasant.  
Like someone pointed out, their charcoal grills are apparently unique.  I do like their nifty fume hood system for each table, though when lowered it does impede the view of the person across the table... again, not super romantic, but you can shift over one seat if you actually want to see each other :)    We got the spicy beef bulgogi, which was delicious, and not overly hot.  I've had bulgogi before, but this was even more delicious, piping hot crusted with charred bits... there's something very satisfying, too, about grilling your own meat.
The pile of meat was very generous, intended to be split between two people, which left the two of us quite stuffed (but not unpleasantly so).  At the urging of the proprietor(?) -- I am slightly afraid of middle-aged Korean women -- we had a fried dumpling appetizer, which were good, but unnecessary food in our meal.  We also enjoyed the assortment of side dishes that came with the meal almost as much as the meat itself.  The pickled ones were very delicious and refreshing, and contrasted nicely with the smokiness of the meat (beer also worked well with the meal).  My least favorite of the sides was the seaweed salad.  It tasted greasy and heavy, unlike most seaweed salads.  I also had mixed feelings about the fruit salad.  Mixing Asian pear and pear with a mayo-based sauce seems almost sacrilege.
I was a little disappointed by the lack of a mixed-meat sampler option.  I think this place would be best for a family or a group of friends, (a table typically seats 6) so you can get a variety of entrees and try them all.Ambiance is authentic.  Calbi is to die for.  This is a true Korean BBQ experience like no other.PERFECT! I lived in Korea for two years and this is the only place I have found that looks, smells, and tastes exactly like it does in the back alleys of Seoul. Sit down, have some Soju and talk with friends. You will be transported to Korea while your here. It is a bit pricey but it is worth the money.Food is okay. The server Are responsive and polite. It's a little bit overpriced. They charge a three star restaurant price in a place looks worse than the basement. Definitely not going back.I have been going here for years, it's a family favorite spot and I like to take friends here because I know the food is going to be food. Honestly, I always get the mae-eun galbi (spicy marinated beef). The marinade is banging, I highly recommend it if you like spicy. The difference at Kim's is the charcoal grill, there is no other place in Philly like this. 
I always receive great service when I come here, always willing to grill for us although I prefer to do it myself. Sometimes, it's nice when someone else is doing it :) Friendly to talk to the servers, I had a convo with one of the ladies who work there on the difference at Kim's. She said it's very expensive for them to keep up with the charcoal grilling but they are committed to serving good food to customers. 
I just love everything about this place!! I could keep going but if you're in Philly and want good Korean BBQ, this is the place!Great place for Korean BBQ. Tried Kali for 2 people that fed three of us plenty. Side dishes were amazing and they gave complimentary jjigae (stew) and egg steam dish. Comparable price and delicious food!!!Be prepared to leave smelling like Korean BBQ. This place was great. The service and food were phenomenal (oh the pork belly!). One of the wait staff introduced us to a Soju Bomb and gave us a lesson on how to drink Soju. Had a really good time and will definitely be back!The owner makes the side dishes himself and it is so delicious! I go here once in a while with my family and it's a small but nice sized bbq place and I totally recommend!This used to be THE place to go for Korean food, back in the day. While they kept their charcoal grills for bbq (if you've only had gas, you really haven't had bbq), the taste had declined over the years somewhat. It still is the only place using charcoal though. Don't wear any clothes you don't mind smelling like bbq for days and resist the urge to play with the exhaust fans..Good food. Service could improve. Best thing...self serve ice cream.If you want Korean bbq this is the place to go. It is the only place I know of around here that uses real charcoal for the grill. Most places uses electric or gas grills. The charcoal makes a big difference. The food gets nice and crusty with the high level of heat from the charcoal. Everything is good here, but I prefer grilled my own meat here. You can get a large plate of marinated meat for about $40 so it's not exactly cheap, but it's worth it. They also have free ice cream here for dessert.  You will smell like Korean Bangladesh so be careful what you wear here. Also the parking lot is small.By far the best and most authentic Korean food in the Philly area. Really great staff and fantastic taste! Highly recommended.Kim's is an ordinary, full-of-smoke restaurant, yet one of the most authentic Korean BBQ places I've ever been to. Starting from eating Japanese BBQ (Yakiniku) back in the old days, I've transitioned to eating Korean BBQ because there isn't really a Japanese BBQ restaurant here in Philly. 
Starting with the banchans, the Korean-accented servers will bring out some rice and lettuce to go with your choice of meat. After the "real charcoal grill" comes out, you're ready to grill. Grill your meat, dip it in Gireumjang (The salt and sesame oil dip) when it's done, put it on the lettuce with rice and Kimchi, simply the best coordination. 
We usually end up paying $20~$30 per person for all the meat, and it's fairly reasonable since the quality of the meat were very good, and you're getting a "real charcoal grill" instead of a gas grill. One thing I didn't really like about the restaurant is that the server constantly grills for you. It's a good service but sometimes they kind of force you to eat...
Recommendations:
1. All the banchan (Side dishes, plenty of them, and free refills)
2. Galbi (Marinated beef short ribs, awesome and the flavor is simply AWESOME)
3. Samgyeopsal (Fat pork belly, not marinated, grill it until crispy and it's super delicious)
4. Beef Tongue (Thin slices of beef tongue, has a chewy texture)
Above-Pars:
1. Seafood Pancake (Tasted more like Chinese scallion pancake LOL)
Sub-Pars:
1. Self-serve Ice Cream (Not bad, but simply cheap compared to the BBQ restaurants in Asia where you get Häagen-Dazs, Mövenpick, and Meiji for FREE as well. Amazing isn't it?)
Kim's is all about authenticity, despite its inconvenient location at Olney, it's definitely worth the travelling! (BTW, it also has several free parking spots outside)Nice place. Small and potent which is how I like it. The server was awesome and I hope he make KATUSA. My only complaint is no OB or Cass beer. The bulgulgi was great. My brothers first time eating Korean food and he wants to come back today!!! Definitely give it a try!!Kim's is hands down the best Korean BBQ restaurant in Philly. 
The food is absolutely delicious, there's great portions of food and you get to BBQ it yourself in a charcoal grill. All the friends and family who I've taken to Kim's loved it too. The only down side is that it's in the sketchy part of town if you don't mind.This is the perfect place for someone who loves to sample a variety of flavors and take part in the preparation of their own dish, individually and communally.  Fantastic kimchis of varying levels of spicy-ness and crispness.  Soups so steamy you get a facial while you eat.  The serve-yourself ice cream dessert makes for a fantastic finish to a main-event meal.   
Take note: Do not wear clothes that you won't be able to wash for a while.  You leave smelling like a camp fire.Only been here for lunch....many times. As a creature of habit, I have only had the Bibimbop (the hot one, not the cold one). The service is good, the food is good, and I like to visit Tunces, the orange cat always walking around the parking lot. The menu is extensive, and I don't see the point in risking ordering something I don't like. I hear the barbecue here is good. I've seen it prepared at the table-side grills before...looks pretty tasty and abundant, but just never been hungry enough to order that. The Bibimbop and all the little "salads" are yummy and a fun way to eat. A heads up: the cinnamon tea you get at the end of the meal is so sweet it will rot your teeth on contact.Worst service ever!! No body serves you until u ask for water for 3 times. The prices were two times higher than one year ago.Went to Kim's last night with the bf and his brother for dinner.  Unbelievable!  The food was absolutely delicious and a great deal.  The beef was high quality and marinated perfectly, but the kicker for me (a carnivorous female) is that the grill in the center of the table is not gas - they bring a glowing mixture of charcoal, oak, and hickory and place it in the table. 
All of those little side dishes of kim chee, pickles and marinated shiitakes are apparently made from scratch on-site and come free with every meal.   Everything was fresh and the flavors were amazing.
The owner and waitstaff were fawning over everyone all night.  Prices were reasonable.  Portions were huge.  Best Korean meal I've ever, ever had, ever.  It's in Olney, which is a bit of a hike, but this place is worth the trip (they do have a small parking lot).  Don't miss this one!There is so much hype about the Korean BBQ here so I went with people when they said they wanted to go. I ended up not getting the Korean BBQ because if it's outrageous price. It's costs so much per serving for any meat and all because it's... Cooked on a charcoal grill? I did get to snag pieces here and there from my friends and it did a have a unique and very distinct taste because if the charcoal but I don't think it's worth the price. 
The only reason why I'm giving the 3 stars and not 2 is because if the massive for portions they give you. I got the stone pot bibimbab and it was a struggle to finishing it because of the sheer amount of food. The side dishes they give you is also very good. And the best thing for me there and I'm sure this was mentioned every other posts is the free ice cream! They have strawberry and butter pecan. I thought both were fantastic. I also went there famished so the ice cream really hit the spot. 
I wouldn't go there for Korean food just cause I can find other places that in my opinion are better and cheaper but it is an experience (I guess...) For the "one of a kind" Korean BBQamazing selection of side dishes and meats.  one of the few charcoal korean bbq places around.  price has been increasing in the last couple of years but still one of the best Korean bbq places around.  when I first went I would have given this place a 4 star out of 5 but due to the price increase the value proposition isn't as great as it use to so I bumped it down.Food was good. Lots of side dishes. Loved the Korean bbq. They had a air vent above the table to help with the smoke. Free ice cream once you finish your meal :)
Service was ok. Had to flag the waiter down several times for water refills, refills of side dishes, refills of lettuce and changing the bbq rake since it was starting to burn with all the stuck food.
Would come again for the food :)Excellent!
Lots and lots of side dishes and they are all very good.
Bbq is superb!
We always order the Sam gyup sal and Kalbi
The best korean in Northeast Philadelphia
4th time visit
We are regulars here. It's our first time eating lunch and we just noticed that the tax they put on the bill was high. It was not specified. It just got added on automatically and when i computed the total we paid about 16% in taxes for the food. It should never go more than 7%. I complained but they never adjusted. Just beware. The food is great but what they did was not fair.This is my FAVORITE Korean BBQ place EVER!  I've been going here since I was a little girl with my parents. It's been around forever, at least 15 years. And although they may have changed ownership throughout that time (speculation) it's still got the same casual/Korean country hut style ambiance. OOH! And the best part they still have the BBQ Charcoal grilling stations! Most places now use gas and these steel plate grills, just not the same. There's something about charcoal that makes the flavors of  meat ROCK!
The ladies here are so friendly too, always greeting you when you walk in and saying bye have a nice day when you leave. Love that!
The side dishes too are always plenty and come without much asking. Kind of rare in my experience to have that.
Seriously, if you're ever in the area come check it out! It looks like one of those old diner cars and they did some renovating to it to make it a restaurant with the exhaust pipe stations per table and the guys come bring you your charcoal burning as you cook the meat, it's an awesome experience!
I've also had the stews and the hotstone bibimbap (gopdol bibimbap) it's awesome!
But the only thing, as most Korean places are, the prices are a bit high, so expect to shell out at least $20-$25/per person.Here's my Korean joint in Philly. This place is legit for Korean BBQ (good for K-food newbies), but also carries other delicious and/or kimchi-heavy menu items for the homesick/more adventurous. Tons of ban chan come with the table, including egg jjim (boiled egg in a stone pot, nice and fluffy), and prices are REALLY reasonable. The galbi was sliced pretty thin, which I think makes it different from other Korean bbq places, and it was very flavorful. We also got the grilled bulgogi (amazing), a mandu guk (dumpling soup), and a kimchi ji gae (kimchi soup). I loved each and every thing that came from the kitchen. 
Kim's is great for groups, has fantastic service, and even takes reservations. Oh! They also give you free ice cream for dessert after the meal! An interesting tidbit--the owner said that the restaurant was featured on the Food Network. I've been looking for the article/blog entry/whatever to no avail; will update when I find it. Still, cool nonetheless.
Ahhhh, it's so refreshing to go to a decent Korean restaurant in Philly after enduring mediocre and overpriced for so long.Far up north 5th street, far past Temple, past a handful of dicey neighborhoods are a few blocks of pure, unadulterated Koreatown.  It seems that all the good Korean in this city must be reached via car or a very long subway ride. Last week, Mark S. organized a Korean BBQ dinner pilgrimage to Kim's Restaurant that was all I ever dreamed of and more.
One of my favorite parts about Korean BBQ is the everything's meant to be shared style of eating that seems to be catching on everywhere these days. As soon as we walked in, I knew this place was gonna rule. We ordered two enourmous plates of meat to share: the Kalbil (short ribs) and the Doeji Bulkoki (pork in hot and spicy sauce) and two orders of Bipbimbap.The plentiful banchan (side dishes in the little white plates) overflowed onto our table immediately after ordering.
There was a good mix of kimchi style veggies, veggies with a light marinade that had sesame oil, garlic, vinegar and chili, and a cooked fish pancake-like thing. It was the best banchan I've ever had, much better than any place I've tried in Philly. The seaweed was my favorite thing. Unlike any seaweed preparation I've had, a little vinegary, garlicy and sweet using seaweed of the perfect texture.
We were digging into the banchan when a guy arrived at our table with a heavy iron grill top and hot charcols to fill the center of the table. No electric here people! You just can't get the same BBQ flavor. We salivated like a pack of hyenas stalking defenseless baby impala in anticipation of the arrival of the meats.The meat plates came with a joyous cheer from the table. Everyone looked like they were first in line at Walmart on Black Friday for the cheap 60 inch TV.
We dug in, placing the meats carefully on the grill and adorning them with the extra garlic. I also think that half the fun of Korean BBQ is cooking the food yourself! The short rib was a religious experience, the most tender, fresh cuts of meat, perfectly marinaded to a beautiful sweet-savory equilibrium in a mixture definitely containing soy sauce, sugar, sesame oil and garlic. The pork was equally delicious, having more of a spicy, savory marinade; it contrasted nicely with the short ribs that had a little sweetness to them.
The meats came with generous helpings of rice, lettuce for wrapping and the ssamjang, a delicious dipping sauce made of fermented bean and chili paste, sesame oil, onion and garlic. All we could talk about was how delicious the food was while we ate.
The bibimbap was also excellent but took second place to the meats. The bowl could have been hotter because no crispy rice was attained! But the veggies and meats inside were top notch.
The simplicity of a Korean BBQ meal doesn't really need much more explanation than that. We couldn't say enough about how delicious Kim's was. It also has a really nice atmosphere for eating, talking and bullshittin' with a large group of friends. End the night with the FREE ice cream from the serve yourself ice cream bar! If you love Korean BBQ and you have a friend with a car you must find yourself Kim's in the very near future. I am already looking forward to my next meal here.
PICS HERE:
http://www.iloveporkbun.com/post/2375019072/kims-restaurant-a-korean-bbq-paradiseNow this is a place I can get behind.
I went here over the weekend I must say it is one of the better korean bbq places in the area. The food was fresh 'n' tasty and the service was quick.
What was awesome was the sheer amount of banchan that came with our korean bbq order. There were at least 10 dishes of ban chan that came to keep us satisfied until the meat was done cooking. 
Also, the seafood pancake from this place is better than most of the korean places in this olney/north philly area as well. It has a great crispy texture with just the right amount of fluffyness. Unlike the soggy pieces of wack from other places *cough* soft tofu *cough* The pajeon was almost as good as Kunjip from koreantown in Midtown NYC and that's pretty damn good.  
Had to deduct a star for the ventilation system there though, it looks like it hasn't changed since the restaurant first opened, when? I'm not sure but it has to be a damn long time ago. Hot smoking korean bbq goodness right in my face can be both good and bad.Show me a place that uses charcoal for their Korean BBQ in the city, and I mayrelinquish the throne from Kim's. Until then, Kim's reigns supreme. The bulgogi is awesome and the banchan was the surprise of the night. Some of the best I have had.After a long hike in the Poconos, my bf and I went to N. Philly to get some authentic Korean food.  This place is FAR north but I have friends who lived in Philly during undergrad and went to all the Korean places up there.  I couldn't remember the names of their favorite ones so we ended up at Kim's based on some googling and the fact that it was open at 9:30pm on a weekday.  
We were the only customers there except a couple who was finishing up.  There was an extensive menu but not as long as the usual Kum Kang San or Kun Jip menu.  Lots of bbq options and the usual (bibimbop, nengmyun, mandoo).  The Kalbi can only be ordered in 2-person servings ($39.99 for the regular, $41.99 for the spicy marinaded kind) and I found that the meat was ok-quality and the marinade was a bit lacking.  There was a fair serving for $40 given that most Korean restaurants charge $24 and up.  
A great thing about this place is TONS of banchan to fulfill your every need for some homemade Korean food -- fishcakes, broccoli, fish, pickled radishes, 2 types of kimchi (bae choo and ka ddoo gi), marinated potatoes, etc etc etc.  It was great to see a proper Korean restaurant that knows how to do banchan.  I found everything on the sweeter side, however (something my mother always accuses Korean restaurants of doing but I tend to like sweeter Korean food and it was a bit too much here).  They gave us homemade chilled cinnamon tea as a nice dessert/digestive at the end.  The waitress was very motherly and kept complimenting my bf on how "well" he ate Korean food (I believe the way to a Korean woman's heart is to eat ALL her food and found it absolutely delicious).never gonna back to this restaurant again. 
The reson why 
1. cost way too high. 
2.  need to be fixed venting system. 
3. need better customer service. (went on sunday. 
had worst service from two waiter)Good Korean BBQ in North Philly. One of the few BBQ restaurants that understand that you need hellfire hot wood charcoal to produce tasty Korean BBQ kalbi. The meat is flavorful and sliced super thin so it cooks super quick, sealing in the flavor. But price is extremely high for the amount of meat. 61.99 for one order of kalbi. I've never seen such a high price. This is double what they used to charge. They claim that they used to use the small bone but now they used the large bone ribeye meat. I did not see double the meat. On the bright side their sides are fresh and aplenty.Food is okay. Galbi is probably the only meat they marinate well. The others don't have much flavor. Service is slow. It's pricey.There is no competition for Kim's because it's just simply the best. Their BBQ awakens the glutton monster inside me; I can't get enough. Sometimes, they give free soups on the side - they won big brownie points there. Also, a wide selection of appetizers and free ice cream for dessert. What more could you possibly want?Food great.  Service sucks.  I don't care how good the food is, if the service stinks like it did for my first visit, it can really be a frustrating experience.  We had a table for 8, and we were sitting in front of two BBQ grilling stations.  They thought they were going to be slick and only send out one grill.  Sort of pissed them off when we (1) asked for another grilll, and (2) when we asked for help in cooking the food.  I came to the restaurant to have dinner, not cook mine.  Was it crowded?  No, not at all.  A Sunday night, was only half full for most of the evening.  To be fair the food is very appealing.  But the poor service killed it.  Will not return.Kim's Restaurant de-virgined me of my Korean BBQ experience. This place was my first partner where Korean food is involved. I fell in love upon my first swallow.
That was six years ago...now after so many owners changing hands, it's hard to say. I still consider this as one of the best Korean BBQ places in North East Philadelphia, but I would not say that it is one of the best in town. I've been here through three different owners and the taste of the meat remained the same, except for the quanity. It seems like with each changing of owners, the quantity went drindled. 
The side dishes were as tasty as ever... and I must say, if they were going to cut down on the quanity of the dishes, you should also lower the prices. 
This is my two cents... my last experience was nearly a year ago. Maybe it's gotten better...?This place has been around for ages. I remember coming here as a kid once and I stepped out to listen to the radio for mike schmidts 500th home run. Yes that long ago! It was the place to be then but as the years went by and the changes of ownership through the years it's just not the same. Quality of meat has gone down and definitely the portions. BUT they still use charcoal so I'll give them props for that.Let's just start off talking about the amount of banchan we got. It literally fills up half the table and they all taste delicious! What's also a pro is the grill. Although it can be annoying at times to move when the grill is transferred in, the charcoal flavor always wins out in the end. But could there be better vents? I don't think the vents that the restaurant has does anything. 
For the meat, we usually order fewer servings than the amount of people in our party (1 order is 2 servings). Even though the serving might be small, we always manage to finish with our stomachs full. Must be because we have small stomachs lol
Anyway, the food and the service here are good. Getting ice cream with the meal is a plus too! However, I don't like how much they put on meat they put on the grill at one time. Too much meat on the grill overcrowds it. Over wise the meat would be steamed because the heat won't get to it or the meat will be overcooked by the time we get to it because there is too much on the grill.Controlling what to put on and when to take the food is one of the joys of going to kbbq.Went for my first experience of Korean BBQ and this restaurant did not disappoint. Food was delicious will definitely come back againI have dreams about this food.  One of my favorite places to grab dinner.  The staff is always friendly and accommodating.  Love the Korean bbq here and all the sides are to die for.  I will not go to any other places for Korean bbq - Kim's is my favorite!This is my favorite place to come for Korean BBQ. The service is minimal as is the ambiance but that's because the food should be your focus. Consistently delicious for 10 years straight.At $56 per order (sized for 2), I found the Kalbi to be overpriced; it DID have good flavor, but I'm unsure I'd order it again. We also got the haemul pajun, which I found not nearly as tasty as that  offered by Seorabol (my fave Korean). The banchan, however, was outstanstanding; 18 dishes were placed on the table; all were good to excellent.This review is for those who have never been to a korean restaurant, i'm as far from a purist as it gets.
Came here for lunch, it's in an area of philly that I wouldn't want my mom walking around at night by herself, but...walk in packs i guess.
Upon entering, the smell of charcoal and wood is robust, you feel like this place get some serious usage.
Generous seating area, decor is nice enough without being stuffy.  The tables are all for 6 people, with a rectangle curout in the center for the grill.  After ordering, shortly after your table is delivered a super hot charcoal grill. 
What I ate: Kallbil (short ribs) and Samgyupsal (pork belly).  The short ribs were served in a way that the meat was removed from the bones and cooked, and then the  bones were cooked.  Tender, flavorful, with great char flavor, pairs really well with the seemingly 100s of accompaniments.  The pork belly was fatty as expected, however, upon cooking, much of the fat rendered off leaving bacon-like strips of meat that were life affirming.  We also shared a onion and pepper korean pancake, savory, cripsy, spicy, a filling appetizer that easily serves 6.  Just when we were about to tap out, we find out they serve free ice cream!  For clarification on how the meat is cooked, the server cooked the food for us, not sure if this was the case because it was our first time, or if this is the norm.  It was nice to have him around.
Overall the food was great, plus, if you just eat the bbq with the lettuce wraps, its a relatively healthy, low carb meal as well.