There is no buffet at lunch time, I'll go to New Delhi!!!This is our family's favorite neighborhood restaurant and really some of the best Indian food around. The atmosphere is relaxing and everyone can actually hear each other talk. Tables are set with linen tablecloths. The staff is always welcoming and helpful. Everything we've ever ordered has been delicious, and the friendly owner goes out of his way to welcome our two-year old grandson. King of Tandoor is his favorite restaurant!In town for the flower show, we needed a restaurant that was close to our hotel, was able to accommodate a wheelchair and wasn't so packed we would have to wait a long time. A couple of people in our party never had Indian food but we'd thought we would give this a try. Couldn't have been better! Easy Uber in and out, wheelchair ramp, comfortable seating and great food and service. Just right!Last in a line of restaurants on Callowhill, it not only did not have a wait-time ~8:15PM on a Friday night, but it was delicious with gracious service, which really listens to your request for spiciness level (some of us asked for mild and some asked for fire-engine burning and all were satisfied).
Adored the Poori Bhajee. I love chick peas. I love light-fluffy bread. This is both combined. Yum! It also shouldn't surprise you that I loved the Naan (didn't try the Garlic Naan, but my tablemates thought it was great). The Keema Naan (unleavened bread stuffed with minced meat and spices) was something I'd not had before and was delicious: Naan filled with tastiness! And my main course of Lamb Biryani was just right (though by that time I was so full I had a fairly full take-out container). Will definitely return!
PS. It's a BYO.
PPS. If you need to kick up the spice, just ask for a side of green chiles.PS. The Vegetable Biryani was even better than the Lamb Biryani!
PPS. For those favoring spiciness, the Lamb Vindaloo out-spiced the Chicken Biryani, even with both diners asking for the spiciest the chef could produce.This place was near our hotel and various locals said it was definitely the place to go for Indian Food.  Our family was in Philly for Spring break and we always love exciting our taste palates with new places!  We arrived for dinner and it was a slow night, Wednesday...so we got very attentive service!  Overall, the food was delicious and plentiful!  I was extremely delighted when I got our bill and it was the least expensive meal of our whole trip.  Then the manager comes up and says there is a 10% discount for paying cash...so cash it was!!  We would definitely return for another delicious meal here!I usually go Tiffin, for that is one of my favorite indian restuarants, and after eating at this one-- it's just as good!  My girlfriend and I went there after an agonizing meeting for brunch, the place is nice and very traditional.  I ordered crab meat curry, which had a tomato based to it, I liked it, but not a fan of it.  My girlfriend got lamb curry which was awesome.  A couple next to us had something that was sizzling i think it look like chicken I'm not sure but it smelled so good! I definitely going there next time for that :D
The service was fast and friendly, King of Tandoor is now one of my favorite restuarants!Clean restaurant.  Very attentive service.  Not the best Indian food.  Too bad  because it is only a 10-minute walk from my house.  Still, I cannot bring myself to go back.  The naan was fine.  Our korma was so-so, same as our aloo-gobbi.  What I really love about good Indian food is the complexity of flavor, when you can taste the progression of spices as you eat a mouthful.  But these flavorings just seemed very one note.  I really hoped to like this place and have it as my new Indian go-to, but I don't think I will go back.Authenticity of food gets 5 stars alone. The cooks are definitely Pakistani or Indian because there's no way they could be making this stuff SO dead on without really knowing the ins and outs of this cuisine. When I'm craving the real deal legit Paki food, this is my new favorite go to.
Service, delivery and prices however are somewhat shoddy, as are most Indian/Pakistani restaurants. I ordered a few dishes, a couple sides, and ended up at about 80 bucks. Delivery is pretty fast, but giving your order over the phone is somewhat difficult when the workers don't speak the best English. 
Their online ordering option worked once and didn't work another time. No information as to why. 
I'll get food from here again, but since it's expensive I'll probably stick to cart food to satisfy my cravings.Food was good, service was unacceptable.  Our party of 12 sat for 40min before someone uncorked our wine (no appetizers/food orders taken yet despite the slow night). Waiter/manager was rude whilst taking orders, and then insisted we pay cash (no posted signs) or 'as little credit cards as possible' and tried saying that paying in cash was the 'right' thing to do because it's diwali. If you want food from here, order takeout.The food was kind of stale, the rotis werent cooked well. Was totally disappointed. The place needs a clean up too!I'm quite disappointed, after reading all the great reviews. Tiffin is my usual go-to spot, but decided to try here for dinner. The decor was quite nice. The menu was very extensive with some seafood options that were not avail. at Tiffins. 
Now the food. I got a tandoori assorted meat platter for starter. The chicken was JUICY and tender. Greatly flavored. I was expecting other varieties of meat like lamb, beef..etc, but no, the platter of all chicken, just two different flavors. But still, very enjoyable.
I got the whole red snapper tandoori for entree, and my bf got the Chicken tiki masala. After 30 minutes of waiting after appetizer, our entrees FINALLY arrive. The fish was nicely grilled, but quite dry since the "sauce" that came with it is almost like a paste of pickled veggies. The chicken tiki masala was blend in flavor, not spicy or creamy like the usual. We had to ask them to recook it. BUT..we got FREE dessert, which always makes me very happy.
The entree was about $15ish. Price was reasonable and decent service. I just wish they delivered on the food as I expected.First time here. I had the chicken malai which was pretty good. The service was very prompt, everything came out quickly and still hot. Fairly intimate place. Good for dates or groups of 3-4.We enjoyed our visit here two times.
The first time we visited was during the Eagles parade. E-A-G-L-E-S....Eagles!!!!
We stopped in to eat lunch - but the restaurant wasn't serving food that day. The owner explained he didn't have staff that day to keep up with the massive crowds. BUT - he opened just to let people use the restrooms. Unbelievably kind!!!! The bathroom situation in Philly was chaos that day - so it was awesome to have a spot to use a restroom that didn't involve an hour wait and was clean. Thank you a million times over!
So we returned recently, with a large group, for dinner. We didn't have reservations but they had no problem accommodating our party of ten. Service was great, food was excellent - everyone was happy! We'll definitely return!Our go to Indian food, always pleasing to the taste buds. Knocked off a star because this place is pricey for their below average entree portion sizes. Favorite dish is the lamb tiki masala. The garlic naan is always a must. The array of sauces that come with the food is a nice. The one time I ordered delivery the food arrived right on time and was hot and fresh, didn't seem to be sitting around. All and all, I would recommend this place as a special treat.Simply put:  This is a good place to enjoy high-quality Indian food.
First, the room is comfortable. Cloth napkins and clean white tablecloths. Good lighting. It's never been crowded during my visits so it lacks the roar that characterizes a number of the nicer places to eat in Philly (I live in Seattle).
Second, the wait staff is professional and attentive. They offered a complementary vegetarian soup appetizer and finished the meal with a complementary rice pudding. Both were excellent and unexpected.
Third, the food is better than average. The salmon tandoori was tender and flavorful. The vegetable dishes are quite good, although portions are a bit small (still, more than enough to share). The rice is a cut above what you might find in downscale Indian places. At the same time, I didn't see anything on the menu that was unexpected - all the standards, and only the standards, are present.
I've eaten here twice - once last August and then tonight (March). Both times the place was relatively empty, which is a shame because it warrants attention from anyone who enjoys Indian food.Omg... I ordered the lamb kumar.. It's delicious.. The naan was so good to... And the service was really friendlyBeen to this place twice.  The staff has been very helpful.  The food is top notch, flavorful, and well portioned.  I can't say enough about Tandoor.  Everytime I'm hungry and in the city - it's hard to resist Tandoor.  Yes, you will probably be taking some grub home and devouring it early the next day.I wasn't expecting much from this place.  I should have set my sights higher.
The host was gregarious and funny.  The interior is clean and well-lit.
There is a huge menu.  I had the saag panir.  They spelled it, "shag ponir" or something.  The host said that translation into English is strictly phonetic, so there is no correct spelling of the names of these Indian dishes.  I found that incredible, especially since every other Indian resto I've been to spells that dish in the same way.  I chose to overlook that comment and hoped that the food was what I expected.
The dish came out fast and warm.  It was tasty.  The naan was savory.  There was enough food for two meals, meaning about $6 per meal.
I overheard the host with some other diners, who were looking for vegan options.  He went to the cook, who readily tailored their dishes to their wishes.
You will get what you expect here:good, no-frills Indian food.Let's be honest, I eat Indian food like 5 times a week. I can't help it. It's SO delicious and satisfying and VEGETABLE SAMOSAS are like the best invention ever. For real. And since I just moved far away from go-to Indian restaurant, I decided to give King of Tandoor a try. This place definitely exceeded my expectations. The naan was light and fluffy like delicious air. The vegetable samosas were like WHOA and the Chana Masala did NOT disappoint. Quick delivery too in the worst downpour we've had in a while. The only thing that would make this place better is if they offered a buffet, which I don't think they do.I had lunch at King of Tandoor today and enjoyed it: the food was good, it was quiet, and the service was attentive. My chicken achari lunch special came with a generous portion of  papadam, a nicely toasted naan cut into four pieces, and more fluffy rice than I could eat. The chicken achari was not dumbed down either, it was spicy, with Indian pickle flavors, and the chicken plentiful. I have enough left over for lunch tomorrow. I'll definitely be back.Ordered chicken tikka masala, malai kofta, butter naan, garlic naan, onion kulcha and poori. The portion size of the entrees was quite typical of most India restaurants. The chicken tikka Masala and malai kofta were rich and quite flavorful. The breads left a lot to be desired. The naans were too thick and doughy and seemed to be a bit raw. The butter naan was without the butter. The onion kulcha was the same, doughy and little bit underdone. The pooris were crispy and good but tasted a little bit like bahturas. Overall the food was okay and if they improve the quality of the breads it would be borderline good. 
The service was slow but attentive. There were only two more tables apart from ours and it took a while for the food to come out.Crazy fast delivery on a Monday night to a local hotel. Big portion of Chicken Tikka, lots of chunks of white-meat and plenty of sauce. More rice than I could eat! Onion Kulcha was a little underdone but still tasty. Super nice staff, online ordering very easy. Reasonably priced and they were nice enough to include a plate/silverware/napkins even though I forgot to ask for them. Would order again.I've had good take-out from here before but the take-out we got tonight (Saag paneer and malai kafta) was just awful, awful.  It was bland and didn't taste like any indian food I've ever had before.We have ordered for here twice now when we're in the mood for Indian and don't want to leave the house. I like being able to order online and even schedule a delivery time! My husband is extremely picky about Indian food and this hits the spot. The samosas are very large and have great filling. I love the chutneys that come on the side! The garlic naan is our favorite - huge pieces! Lamb vindaloo is nice and spicy. Chicken Tikka Masala (my personal crack) is excellent - creamy sauce and nice crisp chicken. Our meal is usually around $40 including tip and is MORE than filling.I admit, the female mannequin in the entryway creeps me out a bit.  The food, though, is very, very good.  Vegetable samosas twere the perfect savory.  
We went with two other people, and shared:  lamb dumpakt, chicken tikka masala, saag paneer, and baingan bhurta.  The naan was perfect.  I thought the lamb and chicken were excellent; the spinach dish and the eggplant dish were both good but not my thing.
Service was prompt and courteous.  The atmosphere was simple and cheery.  Clean.
Another great thing about these folks:  I accidentally left my purse hanging from my chair.  By the time I realized it, and hoofed it back to the restaurant, the place was closed.  I called as soon as they opened the next day; the staff had found my wallet and the fellow on the phone said to come by anytime to pick it up.
When I got there, my wallet was being held by the register.  It contained everything--including the cash.  It's so great to know honest people still exist in this world.
We'll be back.Food is only OK. Slow delivery service, once waited two hours for a small order. Delivery drivers are extremely lazy, they try to make you come out to them to get the food. Driver argued with me over the phone and said he refused to bring my food up to my apartment and that if I didn't come down to get it he would leave.  So he left and I called the restaurant and they said they would send another driver. Absolutely not ok, so I canceled my order all together and won't order from them again.Meh.  Just got back from lunch there.  The place itself is lovely.  I needed a break from WF, and it was refreshing to have a table cloth and someone constantly refilling my water.  The staff was a little overattentive.  It just bugs me when someone says thank you 5 times in 30 seconds.  I get it.  You like me and my money and want me to like you and your food.  The food was up very quickly, which is helpful when you've got 45 minutes, door to door, for lunch.  
I had the chana saag, and it was definitely not the tastiest saag dish I've ever had (saag being my go to Indian dish.  I adore it but cannot for the life of me recreate it successfully at home.)  The raita was mediocre, a bit too thick for my liking (and $3!! for the tiniest dish ever), as were the various chutneys and dips.  Naan was tasty.  
I just don't think I'll bother going here again.  Meh, indeed.i love king of tandoor... one of the few places that has chicken karhai which is my favorite indian dish of all time!!!  
seriously, the next person who reads this review, order chicken karhai... it is the best dish there !!!Quite lovely.
Nearly empty on a Saturday evening, although it could've been hurricane Hanna's driving rain keeping the crowd out (they didn't dare stop us dripping on the carpet).  The service is efficient but a little creepy, with a bunch of bored waiters watching us from relatively close - we couldn't have stolen any plans or silverware under such tight surveillance.
One of my party wanted Paneer Tiki Masala - both Paneer & Tiki Masala are on the menu but not together as a single dish.  The waiter took a little while to understand she was requesting a custom item, and that the other entree was a backup request in case the chef wasn't willing (he wasn't).
The food was quite good - probably the best sit-down Indian I've had in Philadelphia.  My white-boy taste buds were quite sassified.  I'm a regular fan of Tiffin, their mint chutney is second to none.  However, KoT nudges them out on everything else.  The Nann, samosas, vegetarian entrees, and rice pudding were all phenomenal.  The Chicken Vindalu (spelling?) was incredibly spicy but quite flavorful.
I'll be going back, and sucking up spending more than $10 for lunch regularly.This happens to be in my neighborhood but also does a lot of take out/delivery. Went on my son's recommendation but almost turned away when there were no diners at 7pm on a week night. Glad we stayed. Tandoori chicken so moist and flavorful. Lamb vindalu and a roasted eggplant dish were also great. Didn't have room for dessert but waiter brought us rice pudding which was delicious and a perfect palate cleanser. Nice portions.I love Indian food and it's very hard for me to go into an Indian restaurant and walk out unsatisfied so I'm never usually impressed in a way cus I know what I want and I usually get it at great quality but this place has the best veggie samosas and when you get take out they give u a little side of this red onion relish type of thing and it's DELICIOUS. Sets them apart from most Indian restaurants and I love onions so it's something that makes me want to get food from here specifically. Saag paneer is one of my favorite dishes. That and chicken korma yum!!Please note that I am NOT an Indian food lvoer - in fact - I generally don't eat it.  I can't deal with all the cardamom and curry and fenugreek and such.  I will be generous and give it 4 stars - but my conscious is screaming "3 stars".  I reall would like to see them succeed.  The Callohwhill area needs new businesses.
But 3 of us had a very lovely dinner there last week.  The place was nearly empty - but you can see that the decor (which is lovely) is brand new.  The ladies room was clean and marble-ized and nice.
Service was very attentive - some might argue a bit much - as he asked my husband if he'd like to order any bread 3 times.  (I ordered a poori - with Shrimp as an appetizer which was fabulous in all its deep-fried glory).  My husband did not want any bread.
Really.
Our friend who dined with us is FROM India - and he ordered a Chana (can't remember) appetizer which we all enjoyed but it was served on a bed of shredded ice berg lettuce - which would NEVER happen in India.
The Lamb Curry was tender and mildly spiced.
The rice was excellent - as well cooked basmati can be.
I would go back - but again - I am just not an Indian Food lover.  For Philly - this seems like the best of the lot.  For betetr Indo-Pak food try Queens NY or North Jersey.
Oh - our dessert (Galub - can't spell it) fried cheese balls, was syrupy and friend and just as I rememberfrom the Dipavali festivals I used to attend.  Yum-my.
Oh - it's BYOB - so BRING something. (We didn't and wished that we had.)
Dinner for the 3 of us was $60 even including tax & tip.  Really not bad.Vegetable samosa to start, chicken biryani (kind of dry), house naan, and chickpea vegetable curry. Complementary mint chocolate chip ice creamThis is the best Indian spot that I have found in the city! The interior is elegant and the waitstaff is exceedingly gracious. I am a sucker for samosas and dal, and the King of Tandoor always satisfies. I also love the nan and have tasted a few lamb dishes that my husband ordered and thought they were yummy (and I don't normally go for lamb). At least twice our waiter gave us free rice pudding with our check, a very sweet touch :) I definitely recommend it for any fan of Indian food.This is the worst Indian restaurant that I have ever eaten at. The service was horrible and the food was heated leftovers! 
It was my wife and I at one table and an older gentleman at another table. That's it, 2 tables occupied! My wife had order the samosas and those were not that great. I ordered the tandoori checking, and it tasted "rubbery" and the masalla was "caked" on. The food was cold in the middle, and you can tell it was reheated. 
Finally, the naan (bread), this one really upset me. I paid $3.50 for a piece and all it was a heated up piece of pita bread. I know naan, and I know pita. This was definitely pita. 
I would NEVER eat here again 
We walked out very unhappy, not eating half the food, but my wife took the veggie biriani (rice) back to our hotel, just in case she gets hungry enough to eat it.Great meal at a great price. Not a single complaint, and that says a lot. 
They even threw in an order of rice pudding on the house. :)We really love this place in our neighborhood. We tried Butter which also does delivery, but we settled on King of Tandoor. Delivery takes 45-1 hour but you can order through the Yelp app. Very convenient. My favorite is the chicken mahkanee and my daughter and I fight over it. It's almost to the point where we have to buy two since my husband will have some too. My husband loves their lamp chops, too. Really yummy food.Met a friend here for dinner last Tuesday and had mixed impressions.  On one hand, the dining space is quite nice, and BYO is always a huge plus.  On the other hand, the food wasn't the best I've ever had.  I had a vegetable korma that was neither as spicy nor as creamy as I might have hoped.  The garlic naan was doughy, which I liked, but it was not nearly as flavorful as others I have had.
I would come back due to location, dining space, and a very nice staff.  That said, I was not blown away by the food -- and that's generally what drives my restaurant choice most on any given occasion.We were happy to come across this restaurant during our short stay in Philadelphia. We were very pleased with the service, quality and quantity of the appetizers and main dishes. The eggplant entree, Baingan Bhurta, was deliciously blended with spices and peas. The Chicken Tikka was good but did not taste charcoal cooked as advertised. The Aloo Naan was very good and not oily. Prices were quite reasonable and they allow you to bring in your own beer.The food was good.  The service barely OK.  I spent some time discussing the YELP discount I had on my phone.  After a number of questions they honored the 10% off an entree. ($1.50)Chicken Tikka Masala was incredibly buttery, and the mottor panir was delicious as well.  A great basic local spot for Indian!Delivery took an hour-and-a-half, and it was literally the worst Indian food I have ever had. Do they get their samosas at Costco?Really really like this spot! First its a BYOB, which is great, saves money! Second the menu is great! They know what they're doing in that kitchen! The lamb dumpakt is delicious and the tandori fish is amazing. I'm usually not a fan of rice pudding but theirs is really good! Nice place for take way or dine in.Randomly came in here once and  had a window seat which I liked. Customer service was okay. But I couldn't eat the watered down Indian food- was it just me?  I guess I just have a spicier tastebud threshold nowadays. Maybe the person I let order ordered some bland things. I so not know. Because I am usually a 100% Indian Foodie.Been to this place several times, it was never crowded. Seems like they do a lot of takeout business. Love the food, service was awesome too. Had complimentary soup/dessert sometimes when dining in, not sure why, but hey it's free, so I'm happy ^_^ Seems a bit pricier than your usual Indian buffet places, but the food is more sophisticated and still plenty enough for me to always bring home leftovers. Highly recommended!The restaurant is clean and good service was provided.  However, when a restaurant is usually dead that is a bad sign.  And that was the case today when I took visitors here for lunch and we experienced why - bad food.
We ordered the veggie samosa and bhuija for starters; lamb chop tandoori, mixed veggies curry, and chicken tikka masala for entrees.  The samosas were decent, not too greasy and the accompanying dipping sauces were good (one sweet and sour bbqish consistency, one spicy, and the other consisted of spicy pickled veggies).  However, the bhuija came out looking burnt, and tasted it.  
The mixed vegetable curry was by far the best of the meal.  The gravy was ok.  The chicken tikka masala was only ok.  Chicken was a little tough because it's old and overcooked.  Frankly, I was very disappointed because chicken tikka masala is such a standard, like Chinese fried rice at Chinese takeouts, it shouldn't be messed up by an Indian restaurant.  The worst was the lamb chop.  It came out sizzling which made everyone at the table excited.  The first bite killed it.  The meat was sour because it wasn't fresh, like it's weeks old.
One of the few things that was decent was the naan but it was probably frozen.
Overall, disappointing so 2 stars.  Everything tasted like it came from a jar, which is fine if it's cheaper, but for the money they charged I expect food to be freshly made, not microwaved up Trader Joe's.A solid first lunch experience here for me. A nice option in the Fairmount area also close to my work conveniently on grubhub too. For a first pass I went with the cliche Tandoori box lunch special. For ten bucks I could have used more than 3 pieces of chicken and the rice was a little dry for my liking. On the other hand, the naan was fantastic and giving 3 different accompanying sauces is right up my alley. Watch out for the Achar which has hot and spicy Indian pickles and will set your lips on fire. Luckily the yogurt sauce can help put out the fire and the chutney is also a winner.
I don't know the area well enough to know how this place stacks up versus local Indian joints but I would come back here without hesitation. There was a good amount of people dining in on a rainy weekday at lunch so that has to be a positive sign too. I'll be seeing the King again soon.Delicious food, not the best in town but you get your money's worth. Lots of choices. Very fast delivery every time. Everything still steaming. Not very spicey (just enough for my taste) so if you like it hot mention it.Went with a group of friends 30 mins before they closed and they were extremely polite and the service was fast. Everything was great and nicely seasoned. They have pretty hefty portions so I felt amazingly full afterwords. I will def. go back!!Their lamb chops are good. However, their Shrimp Achari is terrible. Overall it's a mixed bag of experience. I may go here again just because it's close to downtown....But nothing to write home about :(I don't eat Indian food too often, but when I do King of Tandoor is my place. I've dined in and ordered delivery/take out and found the food to be pretty consistent. 
Last night my hubby and I decided to order King of Tandoor from Seamless and the entire experience was pretty seamless. We placed our order electronically and less than 45 minutes later we had our food. 
Our order was pretty simple, as we split an order of the garlic naan and lamb vindaloo. It was almost enough food for two entirely famished people after a long, stressful day. If we had split an appetizer we would have been stuffed. The garlic naan wasn't super garlicky, which was a little disappointing.  However, we were able to add a little more flavor to it when dipping in it one of the three dipping sauces. I have no idea what the sauces were but the naan came with a green one, a tomato one and a vinegar based one (I told you, I don't eat Indian food too often). I enjoyed all three. The lamb vindaloo was scrumptious! It was described as spicy on the menu and it definitely lived up to that expectation. The lamb was tender and absorbed the flavor of the sauce, along with the potatoes. The order came with a side of white rice and it helped bring down the kick. 
Winner winner delicious dinner. Until the next time King of Tandoor.The food was good, but the service was not up to the mark. They are typical in saving the money with the discount coupons that Yelp offered. Apart from that the restaurant is pretty decent.I used to be a huge fan of this place, but no so much anymore. The last time I went everything was so pre-cooked and it tasted exactly like that. The naan bread (Indian bread) was burnt and the food was just not good at all. It honestly tasted like something that was cooked a week ago. I was really disappointed. I may just give them one more try if I assume this was just one bad day. The customer service is excellent!Overall excellent food. Had lamb saag and lamb tikka masala both were cooked extremely well as was the rice. The nan was nothing special but overall it was well worth the outing. Also it was byob which is always niceI got the naan and chicken malai. It was heavenly! I have been searching for this dish in philadephia for 3 years! Finally found it! Quick delivery and delicious food; will definitely order again.The worst indian I've had in the city. I ordered Chicken Tikka Masala with some naan. It took over an hour and  20 minutes for it to arrive... The CTM itself was horrible. There was a couple centimeters of grease sitting on top of mixture. I figured it had been sitting out too long and I tried to blend it together.....  mistake. The entire dish was a greasy mess. After wolfing some of it down I could feel the grease sitting in my stomach... its been 4 hours since I've eaten it and I still can't shake the feeling. GROSS. 
Apart from the grease I found the CTM to be rather bland past the initial spicyness. Even though this is the only Indian restaurant that will deliver to my house in South Philly I'm never ordering from King of Tandoor ever again.Outstanding customer service, attentive friendly staff. Food was excellent, staff was very knowledgeable to suggest dishes to suit taste. Accommodating to large (10+) groups.Excellent Indian cuisine. Cooked fresh and delivered hot. Tandoori Chicken, Chicken Biryani, Delhi Saag and Lamb Samosas are all great!Food is average, curries are oily. For the price though, it's passable.Their dishes are cooked in a coal oven adding a lot of flavor to the variety of dishes. They serve no pork and no beef. They do have amazing lamb and chicken dishes and a variety of vegetarian selections too. Also, if you like Samosa's, try theirs as an appetizer. They hit the spot...It is a very nice place to eat some traditional Indian food with a lot of flavor (not spicy / just tasty).
The staff is friendly and take good care of their guests. Enough said... ;)My honey loves this place - he usually orders meat dishes.  I enjoy a good saag with cheese cubes or chick peas and I just don't love theirs.  I also think their prices are a bit high.  The atmosphere is probably the nicest as far as Indian restaurants go.The food is alright.
However, the delivery service is terrible. If you want their food, I would definitely not recommend having it delivered. They have messed up my order a few times and have not taken responsibility for it. On one occasion, they had the completely wrong order and they didn't even offer any compensation! Another time, items were missing completely. 
Very inconsiderate and terrible, awful customer service. Even rude.Since getting used to New Delhi's excellent $8 lunch buffet in U. City, my cheap ass is struggling to find another Indian joint to expose my wallet to. 
King of Tandoor:
Too expensive for meager portions. 
The environment is pretty sterile.
If your date is boring, then King of Tandoor is perfect. If not, try New Delhi in U. City, or Tiffin near No Libs. 
I ordered pretty standard fare, Chicken Tikka Masala, and for over $12 sans tip, I got maybe 4 pieces of chicken in a tiny bowl with a small plate of rice. Very disappointing.
So again, take yourself to New Delhi, or avoid Indian together and walk next door to Sabrina's for a meal worth your money.Two years ago i experienced a transcendent meal at this establishment. I meant to write about it earlier. The waiter suggested I try a dish and I went along with it. It came out in it's own mini-pot and had a sort of breaded dome over the top of it. I don't know what it is called but I've been chasing that taste ever since.I am not a vegetarian. But when it comes to Indian food, I don't eat meat. I just don't like it. And I actually prefer vegetarian options. Chana, daal, alu gobi, bring it on...
So this is the closest Indian restaurant to my house. I like it a lot. I can't give it the full 5 yet, but I think they do some amazing stuff. I've been here for lunch and dinner. I can tell you two things: there are only two veggie options on the lunch special menu, but they are thoughtful choices; and the meal comes with rice pudding at the end, so that's nice.
They deliver, and it is rarely packed in there, so if you ever want to feel like a king, go to the restaurant and they really take care of you.I was very impressed with King of Tandoor.  It was an ideal setting for a quiet Saturday night.  I really loved the lamb samosas and thought the dipping sauce was excellent.  The peas/cheese was also wonderful but could have been a little more flavorful.  I appreciated the staff's prompt service and the complimentary mint chocolate chip ice cream when we finished!I agree with the previous reviewer who said they would eat here every day if they could.  King of Tandoor is, in my opinion, the best Indian Restaurant in Philly and on top of that, one of the best Indian restaurants I've ever eaten at (see my lndian Restaurant list).  I've eaten here far too many times to be able to specify exactly which dishes we had on any given occasion.  I can however say that its all been good every time - whether we eat in or get delivery.  If you like your Indian food spicy, you will need to ask and I promise they will not disappoint.  Malai Kofta, Chicken Tikka Makhanee, Poori Bhajee, Chicken Dumpakht, Mulligatawny Soup, and Shag Ponir are some of my favorite dishes- all delicious.  The ambiance here is comfortable, and we've eaten in on numerous occasions.  It's byob and Kite & Key is next door- good beer is nearby.  The staff here is very friendly, although service here can be slow at times.  Despite this fact, its worth the wait for good indian food.  We've also ordered delivery from here many times as well and food always arrives hot and on time.  Highly recommended!Like them..don't love them...
But an Indian food craving and not having much of an option around I occasionally order from them..
Love their dal makhani..
Their paneer subject was a bit on sweet side rather than spicy..
And I love my food spicy..
So that's where I cut my stars..
Always have ordered home so I can't say anything about their ambience or staff but delivery is good.The food was really good... even that dish that I didn't order. Yea the waiter messed up my order, but I didn't complain since I liked what he gave me. However he was a little bitchy with me. I asked if the Dhal was soup-like (that's how it is in the NY places I have been too) so I could use it for dipping the Naan. IDK, but for some reason that ticked him off. Anyway he brought my out Dhal that was thick, so I spread it on the Naan. The he didn't offer us desert and gave us our check. I didn't feel like we were being kicked out though because we sat there for a long time before we got the check. Sooo to sum it up the food was excellent, but the service was a little lacking.it is my go-to indian place in center city. quick delivery and always tasy. good samosas, lamb vindaloo, chix korma and chix tikki masalla. love the naan and th garlic naan.We've been searching for a decent Indian restaurant in Philly and came across the good reviews of this place so we decided to try it out. This is by far the best Indian restaurant in Philadelphia. As a college student, I always went to New Delhi in University City, which is a half decent and cheap, but this place is about 100x better. 
As the name of the restaurant indicates, the Tandoor is delicious here. I've never been a fan of Tandoor chicken until I tried it here. Its very delicious. 
What's also really nice about KoT is that they will make it as spicy as you like and use very minimal oil/grease so you can actually taste the spices of the food and not feel disgusting after eating. Overall, I highly recommend this place.On normal nights I would have given this restaurant a 10 but last night, there literally sticks and twigs of cinnamon or something in our saag paneer. That's my favorite dish and they normally give us a great number of cheese squares but in addition to the twigs and sticks, there was almost No cheese and about 3am, I wake up to my partner in a full sweat with his head in the toilet... He had said the chicken tastes a little undercooked but I figured since it was our favorite place, it couldn't be that bad. Later that night when I had extra, I started getting sick too. I had difured it was saag paneer but it wasn't. So on a normal day I would still give them 5 stars but for last night... I would have preferred getting money back for some because it's hard to feel like you've got your money's worth when half of its in the toilet... 
All in all, regular day would recommended but if it's on a day where things seem fishy, DONT EAT IT. Call first or check to see if something's not normal. Especially twigs...The food was fresh and well made.  A unique combination of spices gave my vegetarian dish a savory taste with authentic Indian flavor.  My husband got the chicken biryani and said the meat was great quality and the dish was excellent.  The staff was very friendly and the service was outstanding..it was though we were the only  ones in there with all the attention we recieved.  The ambience is great and sophisticated, and Philadelphia needed this good of an indian restaurant with this level of outstanding quality and service.  We will likely go back weekly.This is one of the Indian restaurants where I was completely satisfied with the Tandoori chicken. I visited Philly during Thanksgiving (actually, I go to Philly every Thanksgiving) and I called for advance order in this place. They said the food will be ready to be picked up in 20 minutes. I was there 15 minutes before the said time and my food was ready! Thank you for a quick service. I will always be back and look forward to having your tandoori chicken again next thanksgiving!The best Indian food that I have had in Philly.  The meat samosa and the lamb saag is my favorite in this restaurant.  It is a bit expensive but worth it. Their food is very authentic and unique.  The takeout  quantity  is also good compared to many Indian restaurant.Not bad, but not great. I ordered the chicken tikka masala, which turned out to be a soupy, watery mess. There must have been about 6 small pieces of chicken, total, in a whole tub of watery sauce which was also pretty bland. Mango chutney was standard, naan bread was good, the raita was ok. The other reviews on here seem to be pretty good, so maybe i'll try it again sometime to see if i've changed my mind.Ordered from this place for dinner today and was terribly disappointed. Decided to use an online promotion that saved us $10 on our total purchase and I'm sure glad we did. We ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala, Garlic Naan, and Onion Bujiya. The onion bujiya were burnt and very greasy and the accompanying chutneys were watered down. Speaking of watered down, the chicken tikka masala was the consistency of soup. Chunks of bland chicken in a soupy gravy that had absolutely no flavor. Honestly, the naan and rice were the only edible parts of the meal. We've ordered from them a couple of times before and have enjoyed these same dishes. I don't know if management has changed or if we got awful meals because we used a coupon, but I know I will not be visiting this establishment again!Saw a lot of not so great reviews.  We were directed but he concierge of our hotel to this place.  Found it a nice little date spot.  Is BYOB.   Staff was pleasant, not overly friendly.   This was my boyfriend's second time trying Indian so I was hoping it would be good.   The meat tandoori appetizer was delicious.  A lot of pieces of tender chicken - the lamb was ok but not very tender.  When his lamb biriyani arrive though, the lamb was very soft and tender.  Quite delicious.  My shrimp saag was good as well.  Rice was fluffy and delicious.  The nann was ok, a little doughy but not too bad.  Got 10% off for paying in cash.  Was a little awkward at the end.  We were clearly done and had not been offered any dessert or anything but we had to track someone down for the check.  Was a good value considering it's right outside center city.  Would go again.Bleh!
I kept looking for cameras because the scenario was ripe for some sort of hidden camera show.  
First of all, the food is not good.  My girlfriends dish (Chicken Tikka Makhanee) came and it resembled Nacho Cheese with chicken in a bowl the size of my fist.  Nacho cheese is not an Indian specialty and as a result, it was not finished and not even taken home.  That's bad enough but the price paid for this cheese whiz was astronomical compared to Tiffin and Ekta considering it was half the serving.   
The worst part was the waiter.  Inattentive, awkward, and just weird.  Between sitting in the corner and drinking water and scanning the room but missing us staring at him, right under his nose, this dude was comically bad.  The best part was insisting that we have dessert even though we turned him down previously.  There were long stretches of him just not being around.
I love Indian food, I really do but this place is too expensive and the service is terrible enough for me to not go back again.