This was a stop on the Harry Potter pub crawl, had a great 'Dirty Dumbledore' to go along with delicious chicken broccoli and wild pepper chicken, fantastic!The food was pretty good. I had the general tso's chicken, medium spice level; fried rice; and spring roll. The spring roll was delicious. Delivery took long.The worst General Tso's chicken ever. It had a burnt taste and it was dry. They took about 2 hours to deliver that mess. The worst $16.00 ever spent.Went to Kings Garden for my birthday dinner, let me say that I don't think I will ever go back there again.  When we first walked in I noticed only one family eating in the restaurant. Anyway we decided to order seafood delight with brown rice, vegetable lo mien and a half peking duck with sticky buns.  First of all seafood delight was served on a sizzling skillet which cooled down quickly. Also, it was served with a small portion of brown rice. Maybe its my fault I should have known it was an individual portion and not served family style.  The lo mien was Ok but again it was a small portion.  All of this would have been OK but the peking duck was the worst. I was really looking forward to the sticky buns and to my surprise when the duck came out it was served with cold flour tortillas! When we finished my Mom was still hungry and wanted to order more food (we are not really big eaters).  One saying grace were the fortune cookies that we enjoyed with our hot tea.  When we left the only people eating in the restaurant was the family that owns the restaurant.  I should have gone with my Mom first instinct to have fish and chips for my birthday dinner at McMenamins.I used to think Cin Cin was the only place for Chinese takeout but then I started going to King's.  If you want traditional Chinese then this is your place.  Fresh and tasty concoctions is what this place is all about!Good quality Chinese food.  Friendly service and a full bar too.   We love bringing our 2 boys ages 3 and 1 for a reasonably priced night out.  Definitely would recommend.Very good food.  I get the Moo-shoo something everytime I go and it's always a treat.  They are also heavy handed with their drinks so the pina colada (though and odd choice of drink with chinese food) will make for a more enjoyable evening.
There is a fish dish that you have to call ahead to order or wait a long time--which seems weird to me, but I wouldn't get it anyway.After a long day of shopping my mother and I stumbled road weary into here at 9:30 at night. I am guess the owner was the lady who greeted us with a smile and hot tea.
We ordered a spring roll and vegetable bean curd soup. Also, pork lo mein and Chinese eggplant. The spring roll was hot and fresh. The vegetable bean curd soup was some of the best I personally ever had. It had a wonderful flavor profile! 
The pork lo mein only ha bits of pork not really a whole lot in the dish. The eggplant was cooked perfectly. Eggplant can get really mushy if cooked for too long. This eggplant was at the perfect spot between firm and soft. The sauce though thick and a little too much gave the dish a great flavor.I ordered take out with coworkers (Singapore Noodles) for lunch one day and ended up with an appetizer size portion that cost more than six bucks. Everyone else got these nice portions for their six bucks but not me. I thought it must have been a mistake so I called the restaurant. The lady told me that was the lunch size portion and if I wanted a bigger size I should order the dinner for over nine bucks. She was not apologetic at all. The thing that really got me was the Singapore Noodles were nothing special. No shrimp, meager portions of chicken, totally lame. This was the first and last time I patronize King's Garden, I'd rather eat peanut butter and jelly!I love Kings Garden!  Their food is really good and the service is fast.  The Yin Yeng Chicken is excellent... I can't wait to go back!I'd eat Chinese food every single day. Some weeks I almost do just that, and those are the weeks that I pop up at King's Garden very, very often. The staff is so sweet and welcoming every single time and my food is always PIPING hot and scrumptious.
I always order to-go and no matter the order's size or how busy they seem to be, I'm always set to grub within 10-15 minutes. Their egg rolls make me happy. I tend to judge restaurants by the fresh crispness of their egg rolls--as well as the filling--and these are perfect every single time. I'll eat them hot or cold, for breakfast, lunch, dinner or the midnight snack. 
The menu is pretty extensive. I haven't had anything yet that I wouldn't order again. I started off by ordering 1 of the 3 things I usually order (in addition to the egg rolls), and since each one was tasty I felt very comfortable exploring other parts of the menu. The staff is also very eager to help you expand your palate, which I appreciate as a repeat customer. They also have specials so if you're calling in, be sure to ask about them.
It's wonderful to have an ol' faithful in your neighborhood that will stand in faithfully on those days when you just need some comfort food. It's a great location--midway down the Hill next to the Post Office and the CH Hotel & Grill--with very reasonable portions and prices. My usuals are the Singapore Rice Noodles, the Orange Beef and the Four Flavor Beef. Don't forget the egg rolls!Pretty decent Chinese food. We had the Gemini and general Taos.  Could have been spicier but next time we know. And quickWe have come to love King's Garden and we order from them all the time and pick up our food ourselves. We also enjoy having a meal in the restaurant sometimes.
Highly recommend our top faves: The Hot and Sour Soup, the House Fried Rice (Addictive! we order this without pork but it has big shrimp and big pieces of really nice lean chicken in it) and the Vegetable Spring rolls are yummy. Also, the Grilled Norwegian Salmon with black bean sauce is really delicious and unique :)
A lovely family runs this restaurant and the food is very fresh. Also, on the one occasion there was a problem with some watery soup, they cheerfully gave me a credit for it toward my next order. Good customer service is clearly a priority for this establishment. Thanks King's Garden--you've made very loyal customers out of us!This is our go to place for Chinese food in the neighborhood and we keep coming back because they always have consistently good food. Like other reviewers, I have to agree that the entree prices are on the high side, however, you're paying for quality. They get the basics like fried rice, hot and sour soup and spring rolls right. Even when they make a mistake on an order, its good. I asked for bean curd and broccoli, however, they prepared bean curd in black bean sauce. My wife has never ordered anything else since then.  We actually ordered from another place that we used to go to when we first moved to the area and immediately, we saw that King's Garden was by far, a better place.  I wish they had roast pork on the menu  but they've got so many other tasty choices that I can learn to live without it.Kings Garden is our regular Friday night Chinese takeout spot. They are super fast cooks, the food is nice and hot and staff are friendly. The honey walnut chicken is really good, and we also always get. Vegetable lo mein which is not too oily and has a decent amount of veggies mixed in.  Inside is fairly typical Chinese restaurant decor, only slightly tacky and quite colorful. The kids love to eat in.Wow, we hadn't eaten all day. We had 11 people in our party and they had absolutely no problem seating us at 7:30 on a Saturday. 
Their food was absolutely worth driving the 30 minutes from west of Norristown. 
Our service was very quick and polite, the waitress was extremely knowledgeable about the menu, even knowing the number that the meal was (ie 42 = Jumbo Shrimp and Scallops with vegetables in a garlic sauce)
They have a bar there and you can get drinks at your table. 
The portions are large too, enough to split between two people and still have room for ice cream from down the street.
Overall a very delicious experience at King's Garden.
They are open till 10 on most nights I think.I've been sidelined on my sofa since the weekend and all I wanted on this cold day was for someone to bring me some food. Visions of soup have been dancing in my head (it could be the hallucinations from a 102 degree fever, but whatev) and you know how it is...when you get a craving for something, it can become all-consuming. Since I'm all whacked out on Theraflu (and still in my jammies), getting behind the wheel of a car probably isn't the wisest decision I could make, so instead of taking my life and the lives of others in my hands, I picked up the phone and called King's Garden for a little lunchtime delivery.
I was so happy to know that someone would soon be on their way with soup made with TLC that I almost said "I love you," after I gave them my address. That would have been weird, but I gladly would have laid my heart on the line for the service. Before I could finish my 900th glass of OJ for the day, my order arrived - in less than 20 minutes! I was feeling better already.
My kids and I enjoyed the wonton soup (it worked wonders for my scratchy throat) and shrimp lo mein, and they loved the moo shoo pork. I wasn't feeling it for the eggrolls, but maybe my tastebuds are on strike because they haven't been getting much variety this week. I'd give this place another chance for sure.
It wasn't the best Chinese food I've ever had, but they came to my rescue when I needed them most. So for that, I'll get down on one shaky knee and ask: King's Garden...will you be my valentine?Not bad as far as Chinese delivery joints. Ordering online was super easy and accurate. It wasn't clear that our orders came with rice, so we ended up ordering extra rice by accident. We each ordered the general tso's. I ordered mine spicy but it taste exactly like my boyfriend's, who got the mild.I like it!  Prior to tonight, I'd only gotten take-out here, but this evening It provided the perfect late night Friday date spot to grab a quick dinner and some piping hot tea.
The service was prompt and friendly, she took the time to explain some new menu items that I never tried... We were feeling adventurous. Try the tarragon chicken, it's delightful without being overpowering!
The egg rolls ( which always garners extra points from me, when they're good )were fresh and crispy and seemed like they were homemade. They weren't as flavorful a some that Ive had, but they were very good and they were very hot and crispy, just like an eggroll should be.
The hostess/server was very friendly, and attentive without being overbearing, and although we stayed within 10 minutes of closing the place we never felt like we were rushed. I happen to love service with a smile, and this place left me happy and thinking of when I will return. If you happen to be in Chestnut Hill, there are several really good Chinese places. This is one of them. Give them a try.Had such great expectations for this place since we just moved here.  Practically empty on a Saturday night.  Waitress never asked for our drink order or appetizer order.  Came and refilled water at the exact end of our meal.....no interaction in between.  Food was ok.  Egg drop soup was very tasty.  The worst part......owner's (?) Toddler allowed to run around restaurant screaming.  Never again.We ordered delivery.  Recognizing that it was a cold snowy night, we were not surprised that delivery took longer than expected, but it was 2-1/2 hours, when they predicted 45-60 minutes.  That said, the food was hot.  The dumplings were good. My son liked his egg drop soup, I thought the hot and sour soup was okay, but not fantastic.  Neither of us liked the orange chicken, but the beef chow fun was wonderful.  We will probably order from here again as there don't seem to be many options for Chinese delivery out here - but we won't be ordering the orange chicken.The food was good. Staff was friendly. Restaurant was clean and very comfortable. It is worth itI thought the food was tasty, but I placed an order for delivery and it took almost 90 minutes to arrive when the online system said 45-60 minutes. I was disappointed in that, but was pleased with the actual food. This was my first experience, and I am willing to give it another shot.This place was so clean! Staff was  friendly and attentive, and obviously take pride in what they do. Me and my sweetie stopped there last Saturday on a whim, and for $33 total (25% tip included) we were happy and full! Try it, you definitely won't be disappointed.A consistent standby for excellent Chinese food and you still get tablecloths on every table.  Thank you, Chestnut Hill!  Way above-average food, nice servers, mostly young, and a well-maintained restaurant.  Takeout is good, but eating in is much better.  Lunch is a bargain at $5.95 to $6.95 for the specials.I had the vegetable tempura and mango shrimp. Both were seriously underwhelming. The steamed rice that came with my mango shrimp didn't taste fresh. Neither did the mangos for that matter. Totally average food that does not warrant the price. However, it is in Chestnut Hill, so the prices are comparable to other Chinese restaurants in the neighborhood. I would have been more satisfied had I gone to one of those Chinese takeout places, ordering my food through a bulletproof glass. At least I won't leave there feeling like I'm paying too much for a mediocre meal. If you're in the mood for a nice Chinese restaurant in Chestnut Hill, I would go to CinCin. The prices there are similar to that of King's Garden. However, I think the food is much better, and the atmosphere is nicer.I went there for lunch and had general tso chicken the broccoli was cold not only that were only 2people there one a waiter who's also answer the phone for takeout, hosting, and waiter lol the lady is water refill next time I'm going to take my friend's advice and try cin cin heard reasonably price for lunchDelivery takes a really long time, and their menu is a bit limited, but it's a good value and if you're looking for Chinese food, it's definitely the best in the area.2 stars for the egg roll, the meal was 1. With Cin Cin down the street why did i stop here? I arrived for lunch and there were 2 other people there.....should have known.  Took forever for the meal to arrive. When it did it was goopy and heavy. I have higher expectations for any restaurant located in Chestnut Hill. I'm left feeling robbed. At least the taste of MSG will stay with me. Ugh.We go here ever few months to get our fix of great Chinese food.  In my opinion better than Chinatown's in Philly and DC and totally rivals New York.  The food is very consistent and the service is wonderful.  Even if we haven't visited in months, the wait staff always recalls my favorite dish.  I cannot express in words how great the Honey Citrus Chicken or the Rainbow Wild Pepper Chicken tastes.  Wow, some of the best meals I have ever ordered.  Tonight, we also decided to try the Mei Mei Chicken.  Very tasty, but might be better as an appitizer.  Can't wait until our next visit!!!Food was excellent. Service was terrible.  The owners have 2-3 kids running around and they have to take care of the kids, serve tables and answer phones for take-out orders. Kids toys are all over the carpet and you have to be careful not to step on it on the way to the restroom. That is my personal opinion. Like I said. The food was excellent.Great resturant!  Cocktails are wonderfully "well-poured" and very reasonably priced for Cheztnut Hill.  Food is fine, as are service and menu.  I'm on a serious diet, and they painstalenly accommodated my requests to make the changes I required, all with no hassle and no up-charges.
The calimari appetizer was wonderful.  This "gem", nestled on Germantown Avenue is very, very reasonably priced, and provides an excellent meal.  Bravo, King's Garden!You may think there is a lot of Chinese food in the Mt. Airy/Chestnut Hill area, but most of it is crap being sold under a dirty sign with a quasi-Chinese name.  King's Garden is your only basic Chinese takeout type place that is worthy of your loyalty.  You can even eat there and not feel dirty afterward (if the mushy pastel palate and year-round Christmas decorations don't put you in the mood for fried rice, what will?)
Staff is friendly and food is dependably good.  Plenty of drinks and all your favorite Chinese takeout menu essentials.Wow!  What a great restaurant!!!  It is so difficult to find a great place to eat that is consistent in quality.  I have been going to King's Garden for dinner for over a year now.  I have yet to be disappointed.  The dishes are presented beautifully.  Everything tastes fresh and of very good quality.  I just LOVE the Rainbow Wild Pepper Chicken!  My mother in law stopped ordering chow mein until she found King's Garden.  The only bad thing is now that I've discovered King's Garden I can't find another Chinese restaurant that compares in taste and quality.  The interior is clean and the staff is extremely nice.This place was nice. I went there for lunch and had the sesame chicken and egg drop soup. The portions were large, the food decent, the service was great, and prices were reasonable. I also enjoyed the fact that they brought out complementary hot tea the moment you are seated. I've had better Chinese food, but this places isn't bad.Went in on an early afternoon.  Restaurant was not that busy.  The wait time (for the menu, for taking our order, for getting our food, for getting our check) was much longer than necessary given the emptiness.  I had trouble even finding anyone to ask to get our waitress.  The food was decent, with the shrimp with honey walnuts getting the best critiques at our table.  The cost for lunch was very cheap.  There isn't a lot of Chinese places in that area so this is an acceptable choice on an occasional basis.I really enjoy their food. They have very friendly and attentive staff. Yeh Yang chicken and shrimp are by far the best.Wow.  Have you ever called to order food and been asked, "How quickly would you like it?  Ten minutes or twenty minutes?"  I couldn't believe it!
Very quick service, exceptionally friendly staff, and you just can't beat the lunch specials for $6!!  I'm so glad this restaurant is in our neighborhood!I give King's Garden 3 stars because it is totally average.  It will fit your need for Chinese food, but will not rise above any standards.  I typically order similar things at Chinese restaurants, and nothing I've had there has been better than anywhere else.  That being said, it's not bad food.  It's very conveniently located on Germantown Ave beside the Chestnut Hill Hotel and the post office.  Our food was ready very quickly and the staff was very nice.  They're open later than most restaurants on Germantown Ave, so that's another plus.  It's worth giving them a try!What a great surprise!  We offhandedly grabbed a menu in the afternoon and ended up ordering delivery on Friday night.  Definitely the best random Chinese delivery I've had.  The wonton soup tasted delicious and was definitely homemade.   I also highly recommend the spicy green beans and the shrimp with black bean sauce.  The green beans were well spiced with large slices of garlic, and the shrimp were plump and interspersed with peppers and mushrooms.  We had some lo mein to round out the meal which was good but we were too full to eat much!
It took around an hour for delivery (note it WAS a friday night...) but the whole meal was totally worth it.  Definitely a new stand-by for Chinese delivery/take-out!Great lunch specials.  Lovely atmosphere. They offer delivery!  Delightful presentation.I have been here twice. I ordered general tso's tofu w brown rice but both times it was disappointing & the brown rice actually smelly o_O I won't be returningDid you know there are more Chinese restaurants in American than there are McDonald's, Burger Kings, Wendy's, Taco Bells....etc.  True Story.
Being that Mt Airy is not in short supply of chinese food, you wonder how one place could stand out.  King's Garden manages to do it and do it well!  There are staples at every Chinese Restaurant like sesame chicken and dumplings that you know are good, but at King's, they must sprinkle it with drugs because the standards are raised to new tasty heights.  I am sure it isn't drugs...but you know what I mean.  
My bf likes to go to the restaurant and order take out because they have a tiny bar inside where he partakes in brews while he waits for his food.  Staff is great and I think its adorable inside.
I have to say, this is probably my second favorite chinese restaurant.  Again, with all the options out there, that means a lot.Much better than your standard chinese food.  Wide variety on the menu and large portions.  You know how a  chinese restaurant has either the good (thick noodle, spiced dumpling) wonton, or the bland mediocre (paper thin noodle, iffy dumpling) wonton?  Yeah, they've got the good kind.  And its great for a cold evening.  Anything with black bean sauce is great, and the szechwan spicy green beans are a must.  
I've only had take-out and delivery from here, but both are reliable.I used to be a fan of kings garden, i dont know what happened. Either i developed a better sense of taste or these guys stopped trying.  I ordered a few different stir fry dishes. i barley noticed any difference in the taste between them. They were all just some variation of salty brown sauce. As far as the soup goes, the wonton soup tasted as if they just took msg powder and added water and soy sauce. The crab shumai and eggrolls i got tasted like they were frozen then reheated, im pretty sure they dont make them but buy them. My sesame chicken tasted alsmost just like my orange, and my general tso chicken. as well as them all being being not crispy but soggy and overly sweet. Not to say that all of this food is not tolerable if one is slightly baked and has a lot of hot sauce on hand. That being said the price for dinner is outrageously high, i guess your paying for location? There are many places downtown with truly great chinese food at fractions of the price.  If Kings garden lowered its prices i would give them three stars, but for the high price tag and cheap tasting food they get a one star.Really good american chinese food!  They have all the favorites. I prefer to take out then eat in but have enjoyed the food every time.  Employees are friendly too!I'm spoiled when it comes to Chinese food because I work in University City and can have my favorite Chinese whenever I want it. I'm giving King's a somewhat generous four stars with the understanding that they are pretty good for being outside of center city's limits.
My husband and I split a takeout order of cashew chicken (tasty but the celery was weird and raw), steamed vegetable dumplings (a bit on the doughy side but okay) and vegetable lo mein (pretty nice). Overall, the meal was around $20 and way more than enough for two people with lots of leftovers. It's definitely a great value. I think we've found our local Chinese takeout spot. What should we order next?King's Garden in Chestnut Hill is a good place to know about for occasional dining in Chestnut Hill.  It's very reliable.  Reliably average ... but reliable!
Had a late lunch at King;s Garden yesterday.  The meal always begins nicely with a complimentary pot of hot tea and tasty wonton crisps.  They also have very inexpensive lunch specials and so I ordered one - Mongolian Lamb.  This was however nothing to text friends about.  It was bland.  Ordered some hot sauce and then some hot Chinese mustard to give it some spice.  That helped.  But the meat didn't taste like lamb to me.  In fact that's my philosophical question of the day.  Why does lamb always seem so bland in Chinese restaurants and not at all like the gamier meat I am used to?  There must be a reason.
Everything else was fine  - friendly service, pleasant atmosphere.  And there is free parking behind the Chestnut Hill Hotel.King's Garden is the closest to my favorite Chinese place that I grew up with (which doesn't exist anymore in emmaus,pa)
But anyway,  I'm a picky Chinese food person and the cooks always make my food just right and yummy.I'm not impressed. I ordered my Kung Pao Chicken extra spicy. This has zero spice level, in fact it doesn't have much of a taste at all. The veggies are not cooked so I'm literally chopping on raw celery over here. I asked for my tea not to have sugar in it, because I can't have sugar. My tea is sweet tea, so that was $3 wasted. Actually it was $24 wasted. I'm not going to eat this, my poor husband will have this pushed on him for lunch tomorrow. I will say this..... the food arrived hot, which I am thankful for since it took over an hour to be delivered. I lived about 4 blocks away from the restaurant, so it's kinda hard to mess that up.
Update: They apologized for messing up my order and gave me a refund of $15.Solid Chinese-American, much better than many small Chinese restaurants produce, with better flavor balance and spice use.  That said, it is Chinese-AMERICAN, not Chinese.  I haven't been back since returning from China, but staff was speaking Mandarin last I checked, so would likely prove amenable to producing more authentic fare for someone who knows how to order it.  More expensive than your local take-out place, but still not bad.  Staff was helpful and prompt if not hugely cheery.Went to this place based solely on the reviews and I was not disappointed.  I am midway through my Chicken Fried Rice, and it is tasty.  The price was a little more than I expected, but the service was prompt and friendly.Happened to be in Chestnut Hill and ate here on a Sunday.  It was lunchtime but unfortunately they don't serve lunch on Sundays so we had to order from the regular dinner menu.  However, the portions are quite large.  My boyfriend and I both got lo mein, and one would have been enough for the both of us.  
When we sat down we got fried noodles and tea right away which was nice.  Our service was fast and the waiter was friendly.  The decor was lacking (still had tinsel with candy canes up in April).  
Overall, I thought it was good, but nothing super special.Having been a frequent China Town diner for over 20 years, Kings's Garden gave me all I wanted and more and was much closer to my Germantown home.  Nice ambiance, good-well seasoned food with a great variety all for great prices.  Service is wonderful and very fast!!!  Parking on street or in rear is a plus.  I recommend the Beef Chow Ho Fun and the Yiang Yang Chicken or Shrimp- very tasty!!!  I go several times a month; can't beat the prices!!!Totally my go-to place for Chinese take-out/delivery, which is what I went for this evening. Food is as good as any Chinese I have had in Philadelphia. Have never eaten AT the restaurant, as it seems kinda dingy and ready for a refurbish. The wait staff seems cool though, and seem to recognize me when I come in. 
High marks go to the dumplings (I actually think they make them there -- most places just get them from a box), the General Tso's Chicken, and the Mai Fun Noodles. Also a big fan of their Mu Shu Chicken. As others have noted, the portions are pretty big, which is awesome because the best thing about ordering Chinese food is the leftovers. 
I have picked up six-packs there a few times as well, which makes picking up dinner a little more convenient for all us poor Pennsylvanians and our antiquated liquor laws. Not a spectacular beer selection, but when you've worked all day and you just want to get home, Budweiser does the trick. 
Anyway... quick delivery, reasonable prices and really good food.They have pretty good general tso's...that's good enough for me! Also delivered food to me on a snowy night. Can always count on them when you're hungry.Food is very good they are better then Moy Fung on Stenton Ave! I will be going back!Love this place. Eat in or take out always excellent service and tasty food. The duck was tender. The veggies are crisp but with a bit of a bend. But not soggy. And they have this house duck sauce....idk how its different from the jar stuff but it tastes so much better. I love to dip my crispy noodles in it. And the spring rolls are awesome. Crispy on the outside and yummy on the inside. Can't think of a better word than yummy. Enjoy. Love this place.Two hours for delivery on a Monday night.  Two hours.  
And this is the third or fourth time I've ordered delivery, either through the restaurant directly or Grubhub. TWO HOURS. WE LIVE TWO MILES FROM THE RESTAURANT.
Food is good but very expensive for Chinese food.  Also, TWO HOURS FOR DELIVERY. Go elsewhere, please.This is a reliably good, neighborhood chinese food place. No fancy asian-fusion dishes like you might expect from a Chestnut Hill restaurant, but that's a good thing here, because they can focus on the standards (like cashew chicken, beef and broccoli, lo mein, egg rolls, hot and sour soup) and make sure they are done well. The food is consistently good whether you do takeout, or eat in the restaurant.Ordered the Generals Tso's chicken. The food was great. Some of the best Chinese food I've tasted in a long time. The food was fresh and hot upon arrival. The order arrived sooner than anticipated, or soon then the time provided by yelp. I am so please and plan to order from King's Garden again in the near future.This has become one of our favorite places. The food is excellent, the décor very attractive, the seating comfortable, and the service helpful and friendly. The Spring Rolls are the best that I have had anyplace. We frequently have the Chicken Corn Soup. An order that is nominally for two easily satisfies three and is very good. We also like the Peking Duck. The duck is very tasty and never fatty. Chicken or Shrimp with vegetables is another of or choices. The shrimp that they use is extremely good quality. One of us is on a very low sodium diet. That would seem to make eating in a Chinese restaurant impossible, but here they have prepared very tasty salt-free dishes for us.First I love the sauce of the Chinese pizza!
It's pan fried scallion doug if you wonder what is Chinese pizza or so called Chinese pancake .
The lamb wasn't very gamy like the other places, and surprisinglythey have duck meat! If would have been better if the duck were softer though!
Dining experience was great but when I ordered chrysanthemum tea the waitress tried to fooled me with a pot of green tea(joking), she changed it right after I told her though!Good food, moderate/high prices.  Solid service.  Better than your average chinese fare.Quick service for a sit down restaurant. The menu was limited with entree options. The staff was very friendly and attentive. We ordered and our food came out about 15 minutes later. 
I ordered the Shrimp with Honey Walnuts. It came with a plate of white rice for the table to share. The shrimp was great and it also came with broccoli. 
The menu unfortunately didn't have many options for entrees or appetizers. Also, we were unable to swap the white rice for fried rice. 
A decent restaurant with quick service.I waited 2 hrs 4 mins and 29 seconds for delivery last night. I ordered general tso's, an egg roll and a small wonton soup. Yelp contacted restaurant twice and I called once. Restaurant was unapologetic nor offered any discount or credit for future orders. I paid and tipped the delivery man bc it was not his fault- it's the restaurants fault!Great food fresh above the rest 
Cost a little more but it's worth it delivery is fast 
OutstandingOne experience can reveal the true nature of any business. This is regretfully mine. I invited two close friends to join my daughter and I for lunch at this restaurant on Christmas . My daughter called to specifically confirm the day and HOURS even emphasized the holiday as basis for the call. Both queries were answered affirmatively by whomever picked up, obviously representing the restaurant. On Christmas, my friends travelled by Uber due to the weather as did I and my daughter. Uber charges that day were expectedly high. We arrived at about 1 (having been told it would open at its customary time of 11:30 am) cold and anxious to order only to find the restaurant dark and locked. No sign or other form of announcement ("clock") was seen. It was extremely disappointing!! My daughter and I returned the next day to complain. The manager (not sure if owner) listened to our presentation, said it was an employee who made the error (as if referring to an outside vendor) and offered an perfunctory apology. I waited for an additional gesture of good will appropriate to the experience affecting four customers but none was forthcoming. I literally had to request an additional act of acknowledgement and even this yielded only another "I'm sorry." I had to explicitly request a complimentary meal which is universal in any size restaurant under such circumstances.The manager complained that this was a "small family business" and not a larger or corporate operation. Reluctantly and annoyed, he offered a free lunch "to the two of you only." He looked frustrated and his offer conveyed being pressured and coerced. It was not in writing. The whole incident was awkward and humiliating to me and the manager's behavior was unquestionably pedestrian. Incorrect information and resulting complications can happen in any business. The person in charge never blames a subordinate (an extension of him) and always responds with some form of restitution appropriate to the impact imposed on others who patronize the business. That is basic business etiquette! An adverse event presents for any owner or his management the opportunity to ENHANCE the bond with the customer and not be tempted to hide behind lame excuses. No we won't return for a "free lunch" so begrudgingly offered. We know enough about the attitude of the management to go elsewhere.A group of us have been on kind of a tour of the Chestnut Hill area Chinese restaurants. So far we haven't had a poor experience, and King's Garden is no exception. The service was really nice- everyone was very friendly and respectful. The food was quite good, and portion sizes were huge as expected. Decor is a little dated but it's quite endearing!This is by far the worst Chinese food I have ever had. It isn't that it tasted bad, but it had absolutely no taste whatsoever! My Buddha's Delight (one of the few vegetarian choices--very odd for an Asian restaurant) tasted if it were made with frozen vegetables, all of which were overcooked.  The staff was friendly, though it did take a very long time to get our bill. My husband got something "spicy", but that had very little taste, too. If you want egg rolls or bland "American Chinese" then I'm sure you'll be fine here. If, however, you are looking for something more authentic, keep on driving.I am exponentially mortified!!l!!!!Never eating here again. We had a roach "camouflaged" into the black bean sauce!!!!!!!  Who knows what else was our meal tonight. Obviously, the waitress did not charge us for the food! However, we are currently trying to "throw up" this so-called "meal". And this was not a "food grade" insect; This appears to be a dirty Roach!!! Roaches are scavengers/bottom-feeders. It makes me furious just to think about this. This is the LAST thing I expected to find in a meal at a restaurant!!! Who knows where this insect has been or if it's carrying any diseases.This type of experience is shocking to the conscience! This is my most critical Yelp review and the worst dining experience I've ever had in my life!!! I cannot believe what just happened. Who cooks a roach into the food? Was it intentional?, I doubt it. The people who work here seem kind and courteous. This is why it hurts me so much to write this. However, the truth must be told so that this problem can be resolved!!!! We are emotionally distressed after this experience. I won't be dining out (from anywhere) for a very long time. Furthermore, I hope we don't get sick!!! I feel awful after eating here. My appetite was ruined as well as my night!!!! I really hope that this never happens to any more of your customers. I write this with concern and sincerity. I've never experienced anything like this before. We are upset disappointed, and quite frankly "Disgusted"!One of my favorite  spots for good Asian of god. Everything is always fresh and hot when it's delivered and they are really quick as well.General tos chicken was horrible... the driver that came to pick up was begging for more of a tip. Never again... fast deliveryGreat fresh food each time I order. Had the  duck, vegetable delight, Buddha delight, and general tso chicken before, and all delivery orders. They are on time and you can tell the food is all freshly made. No pre made sauces or food here. Real chicken. Love it.For the most part, this is fine Chinese food for a rainy night delivery. I've ordered their Peking Duck, which has been tender and not at all greasy, as well as their shrimp with garlic sauce--really large shrimp perfectly cooked in a spicy garlic sauce.  Like Jeff B., I've never actually eaten in the restaurant; it does seem kind of dark and dated, but their delivery is always fast and more accurate than CinCin. 
Here's the thing: I think they will fix anything you ask for, even it's not on the menu. This past weekend, I asked for (and got) Shrimp Egg Foo Young, and as soon as I opened the order, I regretted it. On the upside, the egg was really nicely cooked, and the shrimp were plentiful and tender. BUT it was all in a dark, sweet sauce that took all the comfort out of that staple chinese comfort food. It wasn't good. Props to them for trying, but in the future, I'll think twice before I order something that isn't on their menu.The food here is on par with most decent Chinese places.  But be prepared to pay an exorbitant amount of money and wait over an hour for your food if you request delivery.  Also, my husband has an intolerance to onions and nearly every time I've asked for no onions, we end up with more onions than I've ever seen and food he can't eat without tremendous gastrointestinal discomfort.  You're better off ordering from one of the cheaper places in Germantown.I've been coming here for the last several months since I moved to the neighborhood. I appreciate the service, quiet and friendly ambience, and the execution of my favorite dish: sweet and sour chicken. The wonton and chicken noodle soups have also been delicious as the flavors are nicely balanced in anything I have tried. Hot tea is served complimentary. There is also a bar available for anyone interested but it seems like most people choose the take-out option.Not sure what all of the complaints are about delivery taking long for King's Garden. We live around the corner and I sometimes feel like I've barely hung up the phone and there is a knock at the door. We order all of the time and speed of delivery can not be beat. The food is good and I also have to disagree with everyone else, we find the prices to be very reasonable.If you like waiting forever to get delivery, this is definitely the place for you.  I waited just under two hours for delivery. I ordered food at 4;54 and got it at 6:45. If your restaurant is that busy, you should stop taking delivery orders or tell people it will be double the max wait time. The food was actually decent but not worth the wait. I'll try another restaurant next time.This place is a par Chinese restaurant. Nothing tastes bad here; it's just nothing is delicious either, just ok. I've had the spring rolls, general tso chicken, sweet and sour chicken, honey walnut shrimp, dynamite shrimp and all are just average.