So, wait. You're telling me I can buy a wrap brimming with falafel, hummus, lettuce, tomatoes and drizzled with spicy sauce for less than a grande nonfat [insert made up italianesque word here]?
What the f, world.
These sandwiches are tasty, filling and quick. Plus it's super convenient to most center city office buildings. I also greatly enjoy the stuffed grape leaves wrap.I come to this food truck whenever I feel like having vegetarian food. The owners and chefs, a wife and husband team, have a different vegetarian special everyday. Prices are also extremely affordable with everything on the menu being less than $8. Some of my favorite items are the large lentil soup (only $3 and very filling!),  any vegetarian special (especially the ocra one), the plain falafel sandwich with hummus, and the falafel platter.I had super high hopes for this place with all the amazing reviews and a personal love for falafel, and looked to consummate this match made in heaven along with an errand to the social security office located a few hundred feet away.  
Quickly growing line, check, people talking about how awesome the falafel at this truck is, check.. 
I ordered a straight up falafel sandwich and tried paying with a 20.  The guy looked at me and sighed like I was trying to pay him with a jar of pennies, and told me he had no change and I would have to wait.  Wtf, 1205 on a weekday and as a food truck you're already out of change?   
Worst of all was the first bite- SOGGY falafel?  I thought maybe it was the sauce that soaked through, but nope, the whole thing was just kind of mushy, which is incredible since they make them on the spot. 
Not sure why I'm the outlier in terms of poor reviews, but the sandwich does not lie!I used to eat here on a weekly basis when I worked in the area but sadly I no longer do. The falafel platter is a must - large enough for 2 meals and so, so good. The falafel is crisp and tasty, the tabbouleh is nicely tart with lemon juice, and the baba ganoush and hummus nicely spiced. It could use some more garlic but I am a huge garlic fan and I accept that my taste is well outside the norm.As a native of Michigan, I have a pretty high standard for Middle Eastern food. It's one of the few things that I miss, the ability to get fresh hummus or tabouli at just about every deli and a Middle Eastern restaurant on practically every block. When I found this cart, I knew I finally found the real deal. This place lives up to its name. I absolutely love their falafel and hummus sandwich, and it's so cheap! They're not at all stingy about the portion size, and they serve it in the proper wrap--thin, flat pita, not the bready kind found elsewhere. The hummus consistency is perfect, not too thick. And falafels are the perfect crunchy texture. 
Both the man and woman (husband and wife??) are friendly, though I saw him more often. I have no idea how they work in such hot quarters in the summer, so I hope they're at least getting a good profit out of it. If you're around Love Park at lunch time, grab a sandwich and head to a park bench and prepare to enjoy a delicious meal.You must head on over to 16th & JFK at lunchtime to the King of Falafel food cart.  This place can't be beat.  You can order a falafel sandwich with homous, tabouli, feta cheese or baba ghanouj.  They also offer a falafel platter too.  Everything is fast and delicious.  I like that the sandwich isn't served in the traditional pita, but rather a whole wheat wrap, which makes it much easier for transport.  Everything is reasonably priced, I usually get the falafel and homous sandwich which costs around $3.50...you can't buy lunch any cheaper than that!  The sandwich is very big and satisfying for such a cheap price.  Definitely worth checking out!I've been here a few times and the food is always fresh. Today I had the salad, hummus, and tabbouli platter. Everything is well seasoned and I can really taste the fresh lemon use throughout. The platter comes with a pita that's good for dipping but I typically only use about a quarter of it. Today I tried the lentil soup and its so filling and fresh, it will be a future meal in itself. Inexpensive and beats the other oily high caloric halal carts nearby. Go for it!This cat Rocked it!  Just what i needed on a chilly windy day.
Falafel and chicken hit the spot!  spice is nice and so was the bread.
The smell had me at "What is That?"
Very Good.The serving size alone was ginormous.  The price is something you just can't beat.  My cousin got the falafel sandwich with hummus and I with tabouli.  The sandwich is not for the weak, make sure you come hungry.  You'll be wanting a nap after.  I recommend a falafel sandwich from here if your on the go.I have been eating at the King of Falafel cart since I started my first professional job in March 1999.  Nabil & Hined, two electrical engineers that had their degrees turned away in the USA have worked hard at making what I see as the "American dream."   They do not run your traditional food cart folks.  I have become friends with Hined and Nabil over my many years of eating at the cart and I am proud to be a regular here.  They are full of love and character if you're lucky enough to ever get to know them.   Nabil ("The King") has an amazing work ethic that puts most of us office workers to shame.  He has fed the homeless several times in my years visiting during lunch.  On one occasion he brought food out of the cart and politely asked a homeless person to stop interfering with his customers.   Hined is super sharp, and equally friendly/social when business is slow, especially in winter.  These two hard-working food stand employees prepare consistently fresh, high quality takeout dishes every weekday.  I read a review that mentioned the customer purchased a falafel sandwich was mushy.  I think Nabil is overly generous sometimes in making you a tasty sandwich.   He puts a lot of love into his meals. Sometimes the contents of the sandwich seep out because Nabil was trying so hard to give you a meal you would not forget.  I cannot imagine the labor involved of preparing of about 20 different meals (some hot, some cold) from a small street cart everyday.  Nabil must be quite the shopper.  Meals like the King's require a lot of fresh pita-like bread, meat and vegetables!   
I have never tasted falafel anywhere else quite like I have at King of Falafel stand.  It is excellent and I can confidently say that it is among the best I've tasted.   I have taken food home from their stand for my family and before I was married, I had a couple of dates where I brought the King of Falafel food to Love and Rittenhouse Square parks. Hined and Nabil make homemade food from fresh ingredients.  I feel Hined and Nabil deserve more money for their restaurant quality meals, because their price increases since 1999 have not kept up with inflation.  Every day of the week they offer a different vegetable dish. My favorite special is actually the peas and carrots on select Fridays.  My runner -up specials include the kidney bean, string bean, okra, and spinach specials.  You'd never guess the magic Hined and Nabil can perform with spices.  I do not typically like baba ghanoush, but the spices they use make this eggplant based dip/sandwich filler top notch at this stand.  Don't forget to try the lentil soup with hot sauce.  It is wonderful and available pretty much September-April.  
I keep adding on to my review.  I am getting hungry just thinking about eating their food.  You don't have to take my word for it - just look at the lines at the stand from 11:45am-1:30pm on a nice sunny day.  Show up on a rainy day around 2pm and you might get to know these owners (The King and the Queen) the way I have.  Also, I have to note that their prices have stayed consistent despite rising costs.  You can pay $5-$6 and get an excellent satisfying lunch.Convenient. Inexpensive. Good.  Located next to City Hall, KoF is very conveniently placed for those of us working close by.  They are also very quick for a bite, which is great on busy days.  A falafel and a soda will cost you a whole $5!  Pretty good deal.  The sandwich itself is good, but not great.  I've definitely had a lot better.  They need more options for what can go in the sandwich, and their "hot sauce" is definitely lacking.  I wish they had more middle-eastern sauces and additions that you can get at places like Mama's and Moaz.I love falafel. 
I especially love really good falafel.
I really, especially, truly love really good falafel that is located within 20 paces of the front door of my office building. 
It's right across from Love Park. Grab some and have a picnic; it's beautiful out and people line dance there in the summertime.I work downtown occasionally and I did a quick search for lunch spots that would be quick and delicious.  The King of Falafel was one of the top search results in proximity and reviews.  This was the first falafel I ever had.  The pita was soft and fresh.  The falafel just melted in your mouth as you ate it.  I got mine with hummus and hot sauce to spruce the falafel up a little bit.  For a bit less than four bucks you can't beat it.  Would recommend this to anyone, especially to those willing to try something new.Sorry to my friends who own a Falafel restaurant - this cart prepares the best and freshest baba ghanoush,  tabouli and more.  I always get the combination plate with everything.  There is just nothing that isn't great.
I usually take a late lunch so I've never had a line.  But I understand there is often a line at lunch.Easily the best falafel I've had in the city.  King of Falafel is a humble fixture in the city's food scene.  I had my first bites from them in 2003, and it has been just as good, if not better, since.  For those of you looking for a meatless lunch for under $6, this is where to go.  For meat-eaters who want to try something without sacrificing the flavor, this is where you should go. If you want a sharp, acidic, well-seasoned lentil soup with a shot of hot sauce, go here.  Try their specials, red-pepper hummus, and baba ganoush.  It's all very delicious.The King of Falafel doesn't lie when he says he's the King. Any other "kings" are just impostors. Like so many reviewers before me, I feel the need to reiterate just how delicious the King's food is. It is always fresh and made to order--that cute little woman never gets an order mixed up, even when the line is insanely long which is usual on a nice afternoon.
The falafel is always crisp and hot, a perfect blend of spices. There is seriously nothing better than a great falafel sandwich, and this cute couple is basically a landmark on the corner of 16th and JFK. Stick around some time and try to talk to them, and you'll learn just how dynamic this duo is. Super cute to see a husband and wife working together all those years! 
Bottom line, you can't really go wrong with anything on the menu as these two are straight from Damascus, Syria and haven't varied the traditional recipes at all!The awesomest thing is that the Falafel balls are made fresh and on the spot. As the lady works towards creating your platter - you will see new Falafels continously scooped and put in the frier. 
The fresh goodness comes together when you take that first bite. The Combo Platter is filling and looks beautiful.I've been here a few times and the food is always fresh. Today I had the salad, hummus, and tabbouli platter. Everything is well seasoned and I can really taste the fresh lemon use throughout. The platter comes with a pita that's good for dipping but I typically only use about a quarter of it. Today I tried the lentil soup and its so filling and fresh, it will be a future meal in itself. Inexpensive and beats the other oily high caloric halal carts nearby. Go for it!Does anyone happen to know where King of Falafel went?  I haven't seen them in months!This guy makes me want to be a better worker!! 
Never has such fine cuisine come from a smaller enclosure! I've had it all here...Falafel, Shish's, Tabouli, can't go wrong. There are lines at lunch, especially when the weather is better, so get there early. Cash only of course, but the prices are ridiculous compared to the quality of food. Great bang for your buck. 
He is quick, the food is hot, and perfect for taking to nearby Love Park for some outdoor munching.  Get there now, you'll be pleased!Perfectly decent falafel from a small street cart. I like that it comes in a wrap, it makes it less heavy in your stomach. It is dirt cheap ($3.50), too. I personally enjoy it with hot sauce and either baba ghanouj or hummus.
They can get a long line during the lunch rush, but it moves quickly.The falafel here is wonderful. I've wanted to try King of Falafel for a while but never had time to go out for lunch. I finally made time and I'm glad I did! 
I'm satisfied and still have money in my pocket (falafel w/ feta = $3.75). Oh don't forget to try the baklava ($1.75)  its the best I've tasted!King of Falafel is my go to for a cheap healthy lunch at work. You cannot beat the falafel sandwich price and the veggie falafel platter is a huge amount of delicious for 7 dollars, I can hardly finish half of it in one sitting.  
The couple that runs it is wonderful and makes a really good and reasonable meal, I honestly like it better than Mama's (Sorry Mama's yours is also really delicious) and added bonus is that it's closer to my work.I love this place - great food at a healthy price but I haven't seen them for a week or so - anyone know what happened?I got the falafel sandwich with hummus which was only $4. Wow! The sandwich tasted really good, but it was extremely dry even with the white sauce. I think the pita bread was really dry not the falafel itself. I ended up chugging my water at work because of how dry my throat became. However, I did end up eating everything and it was only $4. I'm definitely coming back to try the platter.it's Lunch time, ur stomach rumbles like a V8 and u r short of moolah, who will rise to the occasion ? Oh fear not, King of Falafel has ur back. Located on the Corner of the 16th and JFK on the SE corner opposite the JFK plaza, it is hard to miss this gem.
U can pick between a sandwich with ur choice of filling of Falafel, Hummus, babaghanoush, or tabouli, or mix them all like I do, or even pick a platter combo. The lentil soup is delish but unfortunately only available in the winters. Everything is cheap, though  satiates ur hunger calls only between 12 - 3pm so plan ur raid accordingly
A very humble person is at the helm of the cart, and makes lunch a pleasant experience. the sandwiches though may not be the same quality as offered a few streets down at the mecca of falafel, they are pretty well done, the rest of the ingredients are soo fresh that each bite is filled with crunch to keep u off the afternoon food coma. The Sumac and the hot sauce add a spike to the party.
So my friends ditch that  Fast food joint and get some falafel loving for ur lunch cravings and bow to the king.The food trucks parked in and around Love Park are light years beyond those miserable hotdog carts that peddle chemistry experiments.   Among the Love Park area denizens is the King of Falafel (to which we are first introduced at the 2011 Vendy Awards).   Here one can snag terrific hummus, baba ghanoush, tabouli, and Middle Eastern salad either in a platter or in a pita sandwich form.   I agree with Kristin G that the falafel  here is tastier than Mama's, even though falafel  is not one of my preferred foodstuffs.   Good cheap eats, suitable for vegetarians.   Not always easy to find in Center City.One of my favorite spots to get lunch in the area. I never get disappointed with their falafel sandwich with tabouleh. the falafel balls are moist and flavorful. combined with the veggies and sauce make it fresh and tasty. The $3.75 price makes it even better.A great bang for the buck if you work in the city.  I'm not an expert in middle eastern food, but I know this place doesn't disappoint.
Don't let the food truck fool you...this place is good.I was pretty disappointed with King of Falafel. I ordered the $7 falafel combination that came with hummus, baba ghanoush (I think), pita, tabouli, and I think one other salad. The hummus and baba ghanoush were really good, but I didn't like the falafel at all. I thought it was sort of dry and not very flavorful. I prefer Mama's and the cart at 20th and Market.Calling all Bohemians and Suits... 
It has been about 4 years since I've had the privilege of ordering from this place. Based upon recent reviews I see the price is still very low ($3.50). 
King of Falafel is a rare gem that I've been chasing elsewhere and have yet to find its match. Very simple in concept. You stand in line. At lunchtime the line could be as much as 10 people deep but he moves fast. You order your sandwich. I always ordered "Falafel w. hummus, hot sauce and cheese". Within about 30 seconds you sandwich is made and you are paid. 
Conclusion: The sandwich was very filling. If you buy a can of soda you whole lunch is less than $5. You can't find that anywhere else in Center City that is of this quality and fulfilling. 
I don't want to bombard you further with my rhetoric. Just go. Eat and enjoy.Great falafel and fixings, the sandwich is fresh and always warm, fried and not at all greasy or oily. It tastes really great, great value as well, location is prime! Take the sandwich and sit in Love Park and enjoy!Things I love: 
crunchy falafel
hot sauce
food trucks
So clearly, I am a fan of this establishment. You are always served promptly, even if there is a line - it goes fast. I usually = boring and get plain falafel but will add tabouli or hummus if I feel like mixing it up - sometimes the sandwich can seem a little on the skinny side without the add-ons. Unfortunately it also seems to fall apart fairly quickly too - I recommend the spiral-unwrap-and-eat-from-one-end strategy instead of opening it to eat the sandwich sans-foil. Also, I wish the hot sauce were hotter. However, I am willing to overlook that. Yum.The 2 days a week I get lunch at King of Falafel are the two best lunches of my week! There Falafel is so delicious, especially with some hummus, baba ganoush, and/or feta. The couple that run this cart are amazing---sometimes I wonder how they remember so many different orders of sandwiches. The vegetarian specials are also pretty amazing. And, you can't beat the price.  Oh King of Falafel, I will miss you when I move out of Philly!Although the falafel sandwich I ordered was fairly tasty and definitely a good value when compared to other carts in this area, I found a few things lacking. The falafel was mushy...I enjoy a made to order falafel that is fried crisp on the outside. The wheat pita was very thin and lacked any flavor; it had a hard time containing the contents that burst out from the sides. For a quick bite on the go King of Falafel is still worth a visit.Amazing amazing food!  I can't believe they have so many dishes on their menu for such a tiny little food cart.  My favorite has been the $1 side for 3 dolmas.  Also, their felafel itself is pretty kick butt too!  A bit of a wait, but not too bad considering how popular they are.  Can't wait to go back and try more!If i were to die and go to Falafel Heaven..... this place would be it.
The Falafel, Tabouli, Baba Ghanoush (sp?) and Salad cant be beat. The Falafel is made fresh and is so reasonable you cant turn it down!
Someone turned me onto this place and I was hooked. Although its a bit weird that the cart is titled "King" of Falafel, when the person running the show is a woman. Oh well...Enjoyed my food even though I was being shouted at and harassed by another patron of the food truck - a large, mentally unstable man - as I waited for my food. Just another day in Philly! 
The falafel with hummus was delicious. And super cheap. Around $3. The lentil soup wasn't as good as I'd hoped it would be - it had a bit more of a sour taste than I had expected. But overall, a cheap and yummy lunch.Great place to grab lunch! I've stopped by here twice in the last couple of weeks as part of my mission to explore the food trucks of Philadelphia, and neither time have I been disappointed.  My first visit, I got a falafel sandwich with tabouley.  Great stuff, and an excellent lunch item.  I've had a lot of different falafel, but this was certainly one of the best.  The second time I got the baba ghanouj platter.  Wow was that tasty.  It came with a big piece of flatbread to scoop it up and a side salad with some sort of tangy dressing.  Both times I got a cup of the lentil soup, which was great.  And talk about cheap.  I left the first time for $5, and the second time for $7.  Definitely can't beat that for the quality. The people that run it are great, too.  They seem genuinely glad to see you when you stop in and are glad to help.Tasty and fresh. A good place to stop for a quick lunch. Everything is pre-made. The chicken sits in warm water and then has sauce put on top so the chicken is not very flavorful.  Falafel was only so-so. You want falafel, go to the food truck at 20th and market. Friendly woman at the cart though.So the first time I tried food from here, I was disappointed. I went with a lamb kabob sandwich, however I found it to be a bit dry and bland.
I decided, however, to give "the King" as second chance, and I'm glad I did! This time, I went with a falafel and chicken sandwich, and made sure to mention I want hummus, white sauce, and red sauce. This sandwich was SO good, full of flavor and not at all bland or dry. 
As I've mentioned in other reviews, I judge a falafel sandwich based on 3 important ingredients: the pita, hummus, and actual falafel balls. First off, I can't really even call this a pita since it was nothing like a pita. It was more of "wheat" type wrap that everything went into. I wasn't the hugest fan of this, if they used actual pita I would probably give 5 stars.
The hummus and falafel balls, however, were outstanding! The hummus had a perfect taste and consistency, and the falafel balls were popping with flavor. Add the fact that I got to have chicken, and I'm sold! In the city of Philadelphia, this is truly the King of (lunch cart) Falafels!I love this place.  I've been going here for years.  The center city location is great and they pretty much always come out, no matter what the weather is like.  
Possibly this style of falafel is not for everyone, but it's exactly my favorite kind.  The falafel balls are not super crispy - they are fried, but nice and soft and chewy.  They are very flavorful and easy to bite into.  The sandwich does not come in the traditional half circle shape half of a pita, it is a large, thin wrap that they wrap the falafel in, burrito style.  You can add various toppings such as babba, hummus and feta cheese.  YUM.  
The price cannot be beat - $4 WITH the 2 toppings.  
Service is fast and friendly and they always remember your order - it's amazing.  The woman just looks at me and my coworker and says "the usual today?"
Just try not to pay with $20's.  They don't like that.I've been here a few times and the food is always fresh. Today I had the salad, hummus, and tabbouli platter. Everything is well seasoned and I can really taste the fresh lemon use throughout. The platter comes with a pita that's good for dipping but I typically only use about a quarter of it. Today I tried the lentil soup and its so filling and fresh, it will be a future meal in itself. Inexpensive and beats the other oily high caloric halal carts nearby. Go for it!Falafel sandwich with hummus
Very tasty and very quick.  Great value at 4 dollars.  
Worth it.  Recommend.Great to find a yummy hummus wrap in the middle of Philly!  Family loved a quick lunch beside the fountain in Love park across the street from this vendor cart.I go here at least once a week (it helps that I work right upstairs).
The portions are a good size, and everything is quite fresh due to their amount of turnover throughout the day. Plus the service is always super friendly and it never takes more than 5-10 minutes even with a line.
TIP: I always ask for extra tahini b/c sometimes the falafel can be a bit dry... but that's just me.Been meaning to hit this place for a long time and I'm glad I finally did. I had the full veggie platter (falafel, hommous, baba, and taboulej). It was amazing, and tons of food. I think there will be enough for dinner. And it was all only $7. Wow.I don't get the hype about this truck!  I came here on a week day at 11:30 to beat the extremely long lines. I ordered the falafel sandwich and the lentil soup. The falafel balls were just blehhhh. No crispiness. Soggy.  Boring. The pita was thin and broke easily.  The lentil soup tasted healthy. Light tan color...heavy on the lemon. Boring.  As far as the stuffed grape leaves. Lol. I saw he had a huge can filled with them.  Lol. Go to BJ's if you like canned dolmas. They sell them in cans there. I'm a fan of canned dolmas so I'm not going to knock the guy based on that.Tasty, fresh and cheap! Easily the best meatless lunch option in the city on a budget. 
I got a falafel sandwich with tabouli and a small lentil soup for $5.75. I didn't realize the size of the sandwich would be that big. Definitely a very filling lunch. Sandwich came with a couple of falafel inside, tabouli, lettuce and tomato. It tastes very refreshing. The lentil soup is well seasoned and has a hint of citrus. 
I highly recommend this place for a cheap and healthy lunch!I'm not sure where king of falafel got a reputation for the best falafel in town, but i can safely say that the only time i get a falafel sandwich here is when I'm in a rush and I'm looking for something on the cheap.  The falafel here is just okay and the pita is so thin it falls apart before you can even put it in your mouth.  
i do like the lentil soup here though, and i think if you're looking for really cheap food and you're in the area, this is a decent option.  If you have time to walk a bit, i would definitely recommend that you try mama's vegetarian.So you've got 7 bucks and you want a vegan (or vegetarian meal) and you happen to be near love park.  You gotta go king.
The falafel platter is so much more than that.  3 large, perfectly cooked falafel sits atop rice (or salad) adorned with baba ghanoush and hummus and a pita.
It's difficult to find this quality of food at this price level anywhere in that section of Philadelphia.  I love it and when I don't feel like the hike to my other favorite falafel joint, I come to king.
Be forewarned, quickness is not their strong point.  I never see a long line here but even one 5 deep can cost you 25 minutes.  Depending on the weather or what your schedule is like, this might be an issue for you.  Just something to consider.Like something out of Mission Impossible, this Falafel sandwich will self destruct in five seconds after opening. The reason.. the bread. Not a pita pocket like bread, but a very thin whole wheat lavash type bread which has the tendency to disintegrate after two bites.  So get a fork, and lots of napkins otherwise you will be left with a mess that you have to pick up with your fingers. The flavor of the Falafel was nice, but overall the plain Falafel sandwich was dry as compared to others I have had. Perhaps it really needed the hummus on the sandwich.  Like others have said the Falafel lacks the crustiness that a freshly made Falafel ball has. So overall good value, but there are other choices to be had.  I look forward to going back and trying the shwarma, the tabbouleh and the hummus.Excellent food! Quick service. Affordable prices. Nice People.I used to work across the street from King of Falafel and this was my go-to lunch truck. I LOVED their baba and hummus platter and nice little lemony side salad. Used to scarf it down in Love Park. Good, cheap food + good people-watching = a nice lunch break."Behind every successful man is a woman"
As another reviewer noted, this cart should read the Queen of Falafel, as it is clearly the wife that runs the show here.  She takes the orders, does the bulk of the cooking and the assembly.  She is masterful at keeping it all together even where there are 10 people awaiting their food.
There is virtually no wait here, and the prices are super affordable.  No more than  $3.75 to $5 a sandwich and less than $8 for a platter - it's not too shabby.  Portions are reasonably sized.  Sandwiches are served in a thin pita wrap.  Kick-ass lentil soup, perfect for the colder months.
Their hummus, baba ghanoush, and tabouleh is right on the garlicky money.  Their falafel balls are huge and their taste mild, subtle and not overly greasy.  Their shish taouk is surprisingly dry and completely lacking in flavor (I'm accustomed to a really flavorful lebanese shish taouk).  It's nowhere as close to the falafel creations that happen at 20th and Market or at Mama's, but it's okay if you're nearby and in a pinch.Affectionately referred to as the "Falafel Lady," as it's more often than not the wife manning the cart....the falafels are tasty, not too greasy, and the sandwiches are jammed with fresh (and healthy) ingredients.  Shish Tawook and the falafel w/ chicken sandwiches are superb and very filling.  Not sure if she's joking when she asks if you want hotsauce (because there's never any to be found in the sandwich), but this might be the best lunch bargain in center city.This place is the best--head and shoulders above all the rest I've tried--but where have they been the last 2 weeks? I hope everything is ok. Does anyone know?
The food is fresh, delicious, and made with care. The wraps are delicious and perfect for people like me who don't want a gut bomb of bready stale pita for lunch, and the hot sauce and tahini are fantastic. The falafel is fresh, not overly fried, and always tasty.The daily vegetarian special platter keeps me coming back. Here's what they are in order, best first: zucchini, spinach, kidney beans, cracked lentils, cauliflower and broccoli, and eggplant. They're cooked with onions and junk and comes in a box with rice, hummus, and parsley in the other corners, with a thin pita on the side. It will fill you up. Add hot sauce even if you're a big sissy cuz it's not too hot.
Here's what you do in case you're a dummy and can't figure it out on your own - treat it like a painter's palatte and draw the slop from each corner into the middle, mix it up, and shove it down your big dumb pie hole. 6 bucks. Get a baklava for dessert if you're extra hungry, it's good!
The falafel is well above average. Sometimes the guy will give out fresh falafel and that's as good as any in the city. Also, I've seen people order some kind of white chicken sandwich on the reg but I haven't tried it.I've been a devotee of the King's falafel with feta cheese (and hot sauce) for more than 10 years. It's got a slightly different flavor than some of the other good falafel places in the city -- it's a little sharper than Mama's, for instance. Maybe more lemon is involved? Anyway, I love it. 
Always consistent, always delicious, and healthy for a cheap lunch in Center City (I'm pretty sure that the wraps are made with whole wheat). I also echo everyone else about the amazing value of this place -- I think they've only changed their prices once or twice since 1995. I really can't say enough good things. Go here for lunch!(Lunch) Heaven is.....food from King of Falafel.
Again, another food truck I slept on.  Located across the street from Love Park, these guys make the biggest falafel balls I've ever seen.  Not to mention the falafel is amazingly moist and savory -leagues ahead of the revered Mama's.  
I didn't know what to expect when I ordered a platter - which came with six of these bad boys on top of salad with tahini and hot sauce.  Absolutely amazing.  Needless to say, I didn't have to eat anything else that day.  Next time, I think I'll go for a sandwich or share the platter with a friend.  It's almost too much!
I can't wait to come back and try the tabbouleh, hummus, and meats.Came to the truck the other day upon the recommendation of a friend. I like shawarma more than falafel. This being the "king" of falafel, I had to make sure I gave this place a fair shake and try the falafel as well as the shawarma.
The shawarma was chicken, tender, seemed like it had been marinated a while. Served with hummus, salad and tabouli. Tabouli was tre fresh and tasty. The sandwiches were wrapped up in the pita, rolled which is a bit unusual, but nice. The falafel was prepared the same way. The falafel balls were a bit soggy and mushy. I like falafel balls crispy. That's how they are supposed to be. But yeah not so much here, so if you like mushy well then get the falafel. 
The lady in the cart has some issue with the gloves and touching the food and the gloves. I was keeping an eye on her and there was a lack of glove changing between handling the food and the money. So if you're a germaphobe, you are already not eating out of a food truck, but you know should know.
This place is on the Southeast corner.Oh my lord, this little truck in the middle of the city has the best falafel in this country!This is regular street falafel.  Decent and cheap, but not 4.5 stars.I have alot of favorite Middle Eastern restaurant's in Chicago and when i moved to Philly, I hoped I would find an equivalent. I think this food truck, on the corner of 16th & JFK Blvd fills the bill..... 
Everything from falafel to lentil soup to chicken kebab  all the sandwiches at this food truck  are GREAT! Lots of choices for vegetarians too! hot sauce in the lentil soup tastes divine. I enjoy the falafel with feta cheese and tabouli. Yum!
Although the line starts fairly early (12 noon), they are quick. The prices are reasonable. 
This truck is a lunch truck M-F only (Although, Sometimes, I see the couple at neighborhood festivals).When I stopped by Love Park on a random weekday afternoon I fully intended to take advantage of the many food trucks that take up residency in the afternoons. But as I looked across the street I couldn't help but notice what I thought to be the fabled Falafel Truck of legend that I have heard everyone rave about on here. After crossing I soon realized that this wasn't it, But it still delivered a satisfying veggie meal for less than $8.
the small lentil soup was a FREAKING HUGE cup of warmth for $2. Being torn between ordering a falafel or hummus sandwich didn't matter since I was able to order one that came with both as well as plenty of veggies and a helping of hot sauce to boot. And for just a little shy of $5 it delivered the perfect lunch time panache.
Once I finally savor a meal from the truck of legend, I could see the offerings from here getting knocked down a page. But in the meantime I'm content with raving about its veggie goodness.