I've been here for lunch, dinner, and also for a Saturday afternoon snack. I like how laidback and low key this place is. They also have a pretty good beer selection which is always a plus. For both lunch and dinner, I've ordered the mixed green salad with grilled chicken. It was a good size (same sized portions both meals) and had apples and goat cheese. I love the mix of greens and fruit. Between the apples and goat cheese, you can do without dressing. I always get it on the side and occasionally dip my chicken in it. 
I've also had the Thai chili mussels and Cajun fries. The mussels were cooked well and I was a big fan of the sauce. It was perfect for dipping the bread that comes on the side. The Cajun fries are served with Cajun mayo.. they had a nice kick to them and were just spicy enough for me to handle. 
Since this is in my neighborhood, I'll definitely be back to try more of their beer and mussels. I also can't wait for spring/summer so I can sit outside at one of their sidewalk tables.I didn't love it here.
The food seems decent, maybe a little expensive (almost 9 bucks for eight chicken wings) and I'd like to see a little more variety.  The website advertised daily/nightly specials but the 'specials' we were told about are what is already on the webiste menu.  Lame.
I'm not sure if EVERYONE (except us) in the restaurant ordered fish last night, or if this place always smells fishy, but it was bad.  Like low tide out on the wharf.I love dining here for their outdoor seating and their amazing mussels. The service is consistent, the beer/drink list is plentiful, and the red diablo mussels keep me coming back. 
I've tried their margarita flatbread, buffalo chicken flatbread, kite and key burger, sweet garlic chili wings -- all very tasty but nothing spectacular. The calamari is delicious, but the mussels are their shining star. The red diablo mussels come submerged in this amazingly flavorful spicy tomato sauce broth, yummmmmmm.
The outdoor tables are (rightfully) a hot commodity but I have never waited more than 10 minutes for outdoor seating during dinner time. 
I bring my dog and the servers always bring a bowl of water for him without even asking - great, attentive service!My girlfriend and I stumbled upon the K&K while searching for new apartments in the Art Museum section.  The K&K really made us excited to move into the neighborhood. We live in Baltimore now. Our waiter was a friendly artsy type who had great recommendations for food, beer, and tourist attractions that we could take in before our day in Philly came to an end.  This will be a weekly spot for my girlfriend and I.  For being open only a few short  weeks, I expect this place to get better and better.Beer selection is top notch. Rotating draft list brings us back.
Good decor, good ambiance, friendly ppl. Outdoor seating is perfect on a nice day.
Didn't eat, so we'll be back! It's next to Doma & Sabrina's. Stop in for a yummy beer!Great beer and vibe, and the bar food is not bad either.  I had the veggie burger which was surprisingly good. This is the kind of place that the girls will love to come with their boyfriend on a "laid back" date night to enjoy the open air, or to hang out with a bunch of friends and pound a few drinks.It's not great, but it's fine. I work nearby so my colleagues and I find myself here a ton, and I've probably tried just about everything on the menu. The food's okay, with some exceptions. The fries? Amazing. Everything they say is true. The veggie burger is by far my favorite thing on the menu, and I'm a die-hard carnivore. This place can be super noisy, which is great if you feel like being rowdy. But not so great if you want to have a conversation. When the weather's nice, sitting outside will fix that. Overall, a decent hangout spot.On a Monday night, I came in feeling good and wanted to dance , so I asked the bartender, who was playing sad/emotional music,to change the song to something more upbeat. He declined so I said I will go to the juke box and play what I think is more appropriate. The next day he informed my friend that I was annoying and I should never ever go back to that bad and that I wasn't welcomed. And that if my friend wasn't there he would have kicked me out. What kind of service is that?This place is awesome. Had a great server names Jane. Lots of info and amazing service. Burger was great with little onion straws on it and the Cajun fries to sue for and them to top it off the side if Cajun mayo that I smeared on everything and scraped the bowl with my fries.  Can't wait to come backGood place for some food and drinks! It's a good place to watch sports and to hang out with some friends too! They're food is pretty good and the service was great. I'd recommend Kite and Key anyday!This place was tons of fun. Small, intimate, and reasonably priced. Food was excellent. We had lunch and I got the steak sandwich. Tasty!One of my favorite bars in the Art Museum area. There is a good amount of outdoor seating and the front windows comes out when the weather is nice. There is a bar area in the front of the restaurant and a dining area in the back. The beer list is always good and the food is great. My favorites are the mussels and the fried pickles.  The mussels are massive and served with a few slices of Italian bread. The pickles come with a delicious spicy and creamy dipping sauce. I get them every time I come here. The vibe is really nice at this spot.  A great bar for day drinking!Another great spot in my neighborhood.  Lots of outdoor seating and they open the huge windows up to give the bar an outdoor feel.  Always rotating craft beers on tap.  Only downfall is it's a small bar top but they offer lots of bar tables.Kite and Key is a small tavern that immediately reminded me of Cheers. Dark woods, brass accents and an "everybody knows your name" vibe. There's high top seating, a communal high top table, the bar and regular table seating in the back with a deceptively large wall mirror that makes the space look double it's size. 
My dining companion Ms. Margorie G. and I were there for some quick drinks and eats before a Yelp Workshop. We decided on the nachos with chicken and the calamari. We were pressed for time but our drinks and apps came out very quickly.
The nachos were the agreed favorite with the chips being unlike any I've had in recent memory. They were thicker than most with a crispy but chewy texture. The calamari was presented in a way I also haven't seen before with the battered rings laying atop marinara sauce and topped with arugula. The calamari was fried okay but it simply lacked seasoning. 
That said, we both enjoyed Kite and Key and I would definitely recommend it as a hang out spot and would personally be back to sample their other menu items.Been there twice-my second time being tonight. The first time, a group of 10+ of my friends accompanied me there on a Sunday afternoon, and the restaurant was more than accommodating. The only problem was the smell of stale beer that permeated throughout the bar; but hey, it's a bar, so what should I expect? Everyone seemed to enjoy the food except me. I had the chicken tacos which seemed kinda bland. However, I must say that their beer list is impressive.Review is only for location and Breakfast/Brunch menu:
1st things 1st, this place is a great little Irish/ Tavern/ Pub. It's no where near as busy as Sabrina's (which we waited for over an hour after giving reservations). Plus it's more open, less crowded. K&K is a wannabe sports bar. But, they just don't have the tech for it. They have plenty of flat screens which is really all you need. Onto the food. Their Breakfast/Brunch menu is very limited. With most of the options containing some egg in the them. I had the French Toast and bacon. It was drizzled in syrup and nice and thick slices. It was very filling and good. but you'll notice that the entree itself is listed only with bacon. No eggs, grits, porridge, friut (unless ordered separately). The service was good. Food was fine. Just make sure you get what you oredered upon delivery to your table.Eh, it was good. Came here for dinner with a group of 6. Surprisingly, were seated very quickly. Good size beer list. Our group had 3 Kite & Key Burgers (bacon and onion straws, yes), fish tacos, and a Cobb salad. Food was good sized portions, but nothing crazy. Did like the skinny fries. 
Service was terrible though. Our girl was honestly so disinterested, it was rude and would've deserved $0 tip. Don't worry, we tipped. She didn't even ask everyone in the party for a drink order. She never checked on us and was impossible to find when we wanted dessert and the check. 
Is a cute place and love the murals outside. Probably a better spot in the summer or for happy hour.We had a mini high school reunion here on Saturday. The food was fantastic. The staff very helpful and the martinis and bloddy mary's were excellent. I highly suggest this spot for a bite and a cocktail!!Stumbled upon this place by chance while searching for an eatery close to the Franklin Institute. Charming atmosphere with a nice selection of draft beer. The menu was a small but perfect for our needs. The Cheese plate was outstanding! I never have seen such a generous portion - well worth the price. Will definitely visit again.DELICIOUS!!! 
The cajun fries are a must! They have a ton of beers to choose from and a great menu that brings together just about enough random food items to make it work! Love it!Kite & Key is a  nice little gastropub with a small dining area in the back. If you come early enough, it's pretty quiet, but after 730 it starts to fill up with bar goers and gets much louder.
I came for dinner and ordered a Fried Calamari as a starter and the Steak sandwich for the main course. You get a very gracious serving of fried calamari with arugula on top and a good amount of red sauce spread across it. A slice of lemon would have been appreciated, but that was not included. The large pieces were fried well and not too oily or heavy, I would say the amount of breading was ideal. The arugula was new to me and it added a great flavor to it, but then I personally just really love arugula.
The Steak sandwich was cooked medium rare and perfectly. It comes with a large serving of thinly sliced fries, again deep fried rather well. If nothing else, this place knows how to work it's deep fryer. The sandwich came on a large roll sliced in half topped with sesame and it was absolutely delicious. The Steak still had a nice pink center and the Chimichurri sauce complimented it perfectly. I was unable to finish the sandwich so took half of it home. 
A random side note, the fries were actually pretty good cold. Not something you find often.Mussels were excellent. Very good craft beer selection. Nice ambiance. Near a parking garage so you can actually park!This place is alright.. but nothing too special. 
I was pretty excited though seeing all the awesome drafts.. Monks fleming for $5.50?!
But they tricked me! I was like.. how is it cheaper than monks... guess what? It's a 10 ounce glass NOOOO
Beers are fairly priced though , between 5-8 bucks.
I didn't get any food except an appetizer of edamame $5 and it was a HUGE plate we couldn't even finish between 4 people. For that, I give them +1/2 star
Service - was sooo poor in the beginning. I think she knew her shift was ending.. so..
But it honestly took about 5-7 minutes for her to come over and service my beer :/ Sadness
The second server was much better. But boo to the first server!! :((
Final: 3.5 starsGood beer selection, although, nothing spectacular. The veggie burger was a huge hit with family I was with. I had a roast beef sandwich and I wasn't impressed. The fish taco also wasn't very well liked. Atmosphere is something special. Very good in that regard. I'll try it again, as I believe this could be a fun spot for drinking.I've been to Kite & Key twice I think it is a pretty good spot to wine, dine and hang out. This is a good spot to hang out with friends or colleagues, enjoy some appetizers, grab an entree and have a few beers. 
THE GOOD...
-lot of beer options both on draft and bottle (local micro brews too)
-fried pickles are good
-fish and chips are very good
-vegetarian and vegan options
-the times I went it wasn't too loud and crazy 
-servers were friendly
THE BAD...
-parking can be a pain 
Overall I like Kite & Key. I highly recommend going with a local micro brew. They usually have a big chalkboard of all of the different beers available. The food has been pretty good and I have received friendly service. I'd like to try their brunch sometime!Since it is one of the closer places to where I work at on Spring Garden, I have been here probably a dozen times over the past 2 years for lunch.  
Guess the two thing I would say is that it is a decent-enough option for lunch (not dinner) and that you get consistent inconsistency in the service, quality of the food, and the time it takes to bring out the food.  It isn't that crowded at lunch though so you can always get seated quickly which is a plus if you only have an hour or so for lunch.  
Service ranges from friendly to surly.  Seems to depend greatly although the waiters/waitresses don't generally have to cover that many tables at one time.  Generally 3-4 tables which isn't bad although they can be stretched thin if they only have one server working the late lunch crowd at 1:30 or 2.  
As for the food, fried calamari tends to be one of the better appetizers although they could use a side of marinara instead of just drizzling on the bottom of the plate.  Wings aren't bad either.  
Soups range from 'tasty treat' to 'death by salt.'  I would generally avoid them unless you really want soup.  Ditto the mussels too.  I love mussels and you just don't know if they will come out overcooked here, not cleaned enough, or just right.  Given the price tag, it just isn't worth getting a plate of half-edible mussels.  
Hand-cut fries aren't bad and the sandwiches are usually decent enough although they won't blow you away either.   It isn't a vegan-friendly place but there are a couple of offerings including a portabella mushroom sandwich and a few salads that should tide any vegetarians you are dining with.   
Basically it is a place that has solid lunch bar food or wouldn't be bad to order a beer & wings to watch a Phils' game.  It isn't a place I would bring a date or go for dinner though.   
They also have a nice range of beers on tap which is probably the best thing about Kite & Key but I would never order a beer at lunch while at work (make that two beers).Nice local pub in the Spring Garden section of the city. They have a good amount of outdoor seating which is hard to find for the city. They have a decent list of craft beers on draught. Food is okay. Lively crowd in the evenings.Simply ridiculous.
These guys have pretty much whatever you want. I've been here countless times, and I can say confidently, I've never had a bad experience. Not one. 
Beer -  Awesome craft beers.
Food - What are you looking for? They have food for everyone, and everything is pretty good. They have the best fried pickles in Philly and their veggie burgers are awesome.
Service - When it gets crowded, it gets a little slow. But they are great. And the bartenders are knowledgeable and fun.
If you're looking for a sit-down restaurant with fancy-schmancy linens and a chef in the back from Chopped, find another place. This isn't that.
But if you're looking for a great bar with good food and good beer, and people who aren't full of themselves, this place is great.This is a great place. No frills, but always lively and great food. A true gem.  Try the steak sandwich. The beer list is huge, and while I am not a beer guy, I am impressed.Kite & Key is a quaint, little restaurant/bar that you might pass by if you were walking along the street, but it's definitely worth giving it a try. 
We always try to stop by whenever we're in town. My bf is a huge fan of their veggie burger. Definitely a must try! This time I tried the thai chili mussels, which were delicious! Overall, they have a pretty well-rounded menu. The customer service is decent. My only con is the parking, but that's only an issue if you're driving.The beer selection here is really fantastic and always changing.  Nice neighborhood feel, a good crowd and perfect for sidewalk people watching. Food could use some improvement just stick with the burgers.After a full day of sightseeing, we stopped by Kite & Key for dinner.
The atmosphere was warm and relaxed. Our sever was polite and attentive.
We got a couple of beers (I was impressed with my wife, this past year her palate has expanded and is actually trying beer. Mellow beers, nothing bitter, but she's trying) and something to eat.
She got a chicken sandwich, and enjoyed it. I opted for a special, it was a crab cake sandwich. Very good. The portions were just right and we were quite satiated.Great little spot in Fairmount. They have a good amount of outdoor seating which is great for those beautiful summer days.  I've never eaten there so I can't speak to thier menu, but a great place to grab a drink with friends.Went with some friends for an early dinner and drinks. Bloody Mary was okay, and they have a lot of cool beer options. 
We got fries to start and they were delicious - thin and crispy. I also split the spicy mussels with someone and they were so good (def spicy tho!) 
I got the veggie flatbread which was much bigger than expected, very tasty. Everyone else's meals looked great. The nachoes are huge so I would def recommend splitting them. Felt it was a bit pricey for the ambiance and food, but I'll def be back. Waitress was very nice and the menu has a lot more to offer!Been here a bunch of times.  Decent place.  One experience stopped me from going with 4 stars.  Was there for dinner in September and the hostess was a miserable rag.  A smaller complaint is that during the holiday season, most of the tap beers change to seasonals.  Not trying to be Scrooge but not everyone likes spicy, holiday beers.If i wasn't a local I probably wouldn't venture too far to get to Kite and Key.  But the food is always ok, service has always been below average, except for my server last saturday who was awesome, some dude with a beard who was pretty cool and attentive.  I want this place to do awesome, the owners are pretty cool guys I have known since their Bishops Collar days.  I will go back definitely.Two stars because the veggie burger and other options are pretty decent. 
I'm big on customer service though, (and just generally a cranky person) hence why I deducted another star. We arrived at K & K at around 9:30-ish and waited to be seated. And waited. And waited. The place was packed so I figured it was the late late happy hour folks and people waiting for dinner were seating themselves. A woman sitting on a stool near the hostess post had her back to us so I finally went over and asked her if we could just seat ourselves. I'm not sure if we ever would have gotten seated if I hadn't approached her. 
The drink and ordering process went smoothly. The fried pickles were probably the worst I've ever had. Texture was off and overpriced. Seven dollars for 5 fried pickles? FIVE? No, just no.
Cajun fries and veggie burger are great. Those are two solid options if you're vegetarian. 
Our server pretty much ignored us for the rest of the night. We had to flag her down to order another drink. She was just really inattentive, and I hate to make this about race, but we were also the only black people in the place. It could have also been that we were the only people seated for dinner, but she was also just sitting at the barstool near the hostess table, or maybe because she got up every once in awhile to take drink orders and got really busy making conversation with the patrons... blah, I'm running out of excuses here...
There was also dead roach hanging out between the ketchup and the salt. Sigh. What an experience.Came here for the Firestone Walker craft beer event last weekend during Philly Craft Beer Express.  I also used to come here often, 3 yrs ago when I worked nearby.  Always thought highly of this place... has great food and pretty good craft beer selections on tap.
We ordered a few rounds of different Firestone Walker brews, as well as some others not on the specials menu for those in my party who don't like the heavy hitter beers.  Was nice they had several different selections to chose from.  For food, we ordered several munchies, hummus was delicious, the fried pickles were huge,  edamame was slightly over-cooked but still good, I didn't eat the wings but they smelled good, and the Thai chili oysters were also enjoyed by the folks at my table.   Several years ago, I remember eating a veggie burger that was delicious.  The calamari at our neighbor's table looked huge and tasty, so I"ll keep that in mind for next time.
Overall great place, sometimes service can be slow when they are slammed packed, but its OK if you're just there to socialize, drink some good beer, and eat some good food.   Tip: sit at the bar area.A group of us (about 10 people)  went here last night for a bite to eat and some beers after a dragon boat practice.
Wasn't too crowded and we quickly got a nice big table in the back. I ordered the Kite and Key burger and a Hennepin (sp?). The burger was a decent size and cooked medium as requested. It was covered in blue cheese crumbles and bacon that was cooked perfectly (not too crispy but not chewy). The bun was fresh and complemented the burger perfectly. Also don't spend the extra $2 for the fries-- the homemade potato chips that come with it are fantastic! Definitely good stuff! Comments about the veggie burger and gnocchi were also very positive.
Service was great even though we were a large party. We'll be back after the next practice I'm sure.I've only ever been here for lunchtime/daytime, so I can't comment on the late night goings-on here.
The staff is always wonderful- kind and attentive and helpful. Beer refill-age happens quickly. And the food is genuinely good. Did I just say that I come here for lunch during the workday and yet know how quick beer refills are? Um. Nevermind.
The fries are delicious. The outdoor/up front tables are great. And the bathrooms- some of the nicest in the city. I always make note of bathrooms. 
And the name- how cute is that?This has been one of our go-to spots since they opened.  Great beer selection, reliable food, excellent service.  The one tiny drawback is their outside tables.  The sidewalk seating is a major attraction, but the tables are so wiggly you need to hold onto your plate!
Come on guys, how much trouble would it be to turn them upside down once in a while and tighten the screws?OK, food is amazing. Great environment and great location. However, if you sit outside, beware of the cockroaches and mice! My friend and I walked to our table at around 8:30pm and saw a cockroach. Then, by the end of the night, we saw a mouse and about three cockroaches! The cockroaches were climbing up the walls! I am so disappointed, because I love this place.Kite and Key has some great beers, It's a really nice place to find at 18th and Callowhill, and the food is really quite good. It gets 4 stars from me, however, for the stellar customer service they provide. 
An example-- It was about 10:50 and I had a 45 min. break in an all-day staff meeting. It was about 95 degrees and the sun was baking (okay only 80, but i have a low heat threshold). I walked to my go-to staff-meeting bar only to discover they didn't open until 11:30!!!! What to do? Then I saw that Kite and Key's doors and windows were wide open and the tables were set up. I rushed over and inside, desperate for the relief from work-meeting-overload that only an ice cold beer can provide. It was immediately obvious that while it was open, it was not yet Open. I sadly and sweatily turned to leave, only to be stopped by the bartender's voice-- "Don't sweat it! What do you want? It's no big deal-- it's only 10 minutes." In less than 2 minutes I was seated under a kick-ass ceiling fan with a CHILLED glass ofdeliciously, refreshingly, ice cold, draft lager. (and that's a big deal-- those who know me know i avoid draft beers like the plague unless I know the barbacks). AND THEN, he put on Sportscenter without asking because he saw I was reading espn on my phone! Despite the fact that he was still prepping the bar for the day, he kept my glass full and remembered me when i came back for lunch with some co-workers a few hours later. And made a great joke about my dedication to my job when my co-workers returned to the meeting and I stayed. 
So the beer list is pretty high quality, even if it leans heavily towards Pale Ales and other sundry Hop-filled beverages. Prices are higher than I think they should be, but like I said, this is the kind of place the business people and bigwigs can walk to a business-quality lunch/dinner (if they work on this side of the parkway). The food is pretty fancy and absolutely delicious. 
What it comes down to for me, however, is that they were there for me in the clutch... and really, it's that they went out of their way to serve me and make my day better when they could have just shooed me away.I have heard so much about this place and people raved about it. BIG LET DOWN - We walked in and were not greeted until we were almost at a table. Then it took forever for our server to come with menus. While waiting for our food the crew at the bar was out of control yelling and screaming like idiots. if Ever there was a time for beer to be withheld from people, this was the time. Freakin idiots! Once our food came out, our server never asked us if we were ok, or do you need a refill. The food sucked but what makes this place really bad is the service. I felt like,"if your not white you ain't right." I have not felt that since the early 70s. Soooooooooo - Put Kite and Key as a place to avoid in 2014.The Saturday brunch special was a delicious portobello quiche. It came with a sizable salad for only $8. Wow, that's a good value. The beer selection is excellent. Decent pub fare overall. Nice service.Great beer selection. I've eaten here a few times for lunch/dinner and the food was decent, but not great for the price. It's a great location and the opening of the front windows' is awesome in the summer time - I'll totally keep going back for the beer and atmosphere.Get the Kite and Key burger with the cajun fries. They are great!I randomly stumbled into this gastro-pub because it was within walking distance of the Franklin Institute Science Museum.  They had excellent seating areas, and service was quick and helpful.
The beer selection was definitely of higher quality then most small gastro-pubs, and the clientelle was respectful even though there was college football playing (and the desired teams were all losing.)
Everyone in my party was completely happy with their food selections, which included the Veggie Burger, the Cajun Fries, the Homemade Tomato Soup, The Kite & Key Burger, the Garden Salad with Chicken, and the Garlic Chili Wings.
The server was helpful, friendly, and expedient.  Really not much else you can ask for from a small pub.
The only issue keeping me from giving this place 5 stars was the very poor neighborhood surrounding it, not exactly the place you want to be late at night by yourself.Nice place, happening. Good amount of people, excellent service. Full glasses of wine, great beer. Highlyrecommendedsince sabrina's was crazy packed (not surprising), our brunch crew went down the street to a much less crowded kite and key. the inside of the restaurant was run of the mill (it looks like every irish pub or ~*similar concept establishment*~ in philadelphia but supposedly this place is a canadian pub?) the food was decent and definitely reasonably priced. i had coffee and a spinach-bacon-cheese omelette with home fries for a little over 10 bucks + tip. the brunch menu isn't extensive so if you're looking for a lot of choices and the ability to customize eggs/omelettes then i would recommend looking elsewhere. my fellow brunchers said their food was satisfactory. 
while it was great to be seated quickly and eat decent breakfast food, the service could have been better. almost every table was full in the restaurant, which definitely slowed things down and our waitress appeared to be tending to a majority of said tables. this made it difficult to get consistently good service and attention.This is one of my favorite go-to neighborhood spots to get a drink on a sunny day with friends. The food is decent but probably one of the best veggie burgers I've had. 
I love the fact that I can bring my foster pup, laptop and grab a beer and sit outside on the that I'm working from home. 
I just wish they had a better happy hour, it's kind of lousy. It's a buck off drafts.Went here last night with some friends and were lucky enough to get a table outside.
We shared mussels, flat bread pizza and calamari and everything was delicious. (Especially the bread that came with the mussels, and the waitress was nice enough to bring us more pieces.) Prices were reasonable considering how good everything was.
They had a good sized beer list, but didn't have a lot of light, aka wussy girl beer, that I prefer, but their wine was reasonably priced, so I was in luck.
Great location, and it's easy to catch a cab afterwards on Callowhill, or park if you're driving. It wasn't that crowded, so I would bring a big group here.A great spot for brunch or a few drinks! When the weather is warm they open up the front doors. They always have great service. Would highly recommend if you're looking for a drink on a Sunday afternoon!I'll keep this one fairly short, but it's not going to be all that sweet. I'll start with the good: The service was excellent. Kristy, our server, was friendly, prompt, and attentive, and the food and drinks came out quickly. It was a beautiful day, so we were enjoying the outside seating area (despite the not-so-pretty view of the beer store and the dilapidated Rose Tattoo). Their beer list is fairly extensive and includes selections from such powerhouse breweries as Rogue and Founder's. 
Unfortunately, my grilled chicken sandwich was not up to par. The chicken was nicely blackened and was moist enough, but the Kite and Key is apparently anti-sauce. Neither my sandwich nor my friend's sliders (he got the combo: crabcake, beef, and pork) had any sauce. Who wants to eat a dry sandwich? Furthermore, I asked for honey mustard and the best they had was Dijon. Don't get me wrong, I like Dijon, just not as the primary condiment on my sandwich. Where's the aioli at, yo? They didn't have any other kind of bread besides white, either, which was kind of annoying. No options for sides besides fries, so I gave most of them to my friend... they kind of reminded me of McDonald's fries. 
It's a shame the food wasn't too good, especially considering the prices (which weren't cheap), because I enjoy the setup and the atmosphere inside. They just opened pretty recently, so hopefully they'll step it up a notch.I tried this place the other day. It was pretty empty and the tall heavy set bartender was not very interested in taking my order.   He was busy chatting up some too young to date patron at the other end of the bar.   She looked uncomfortable and I really don't blame her.  and that is coming from a gay man.    I had the crab cake sliders and my boyfriend had the calamari.  The sliders were served on an unclean plate.  - if you can get over that disgust they tasted pretty good -not great.  Calamari was so rubbery it could have doubled as a bungee cord.  
If you want a good experience, don't bother coming hereAnother great meal from Kite & Key. I am absolutely obsessed by their veggie burger! In addition to my veggie burger, my dining companions got nachos, calamari, and the portobello mushroom sandwich. Everything was very good (though the nacho-eater wasn't as impressed as he was last time he got them). The portions are generous, and they were very willing to substitute a mixed green salad for fries at no additional charge. It's amazing how quiet the dining area is compared to the bar area - they did an excellent job with the acoustics at this place! Definitely will be back soon (and not just because it's so close to my apartment)Brunch here was very disappointing, which says a lot, because brunch cuisine is not that complicated. I had the PB&J French toast, which is a unique concept, but it was not executed very well- the toast was 2 thin pieces of bread that were crunchy, rather than being nicely battered. Mimosa was so so. At only $5 it was worth a try, but it was very light on the champagne, which may explain why it was such a bargain. I decided to try Kite and Key with a friend because the wait was so long at Sabrina's next door, but next time I'll wait rather than settling for a mediocre experience.Kite and key is def one of the best gastro-pub/restaurants in the city. The beer list is always impressive, the food is consistently divine, the decor is relaxed and comfy, and the bar staff is knowledgeable and friendly. The only reason I take away a star here is that some of the waitstaff can be a bit douchey - and this was certainly the case on the last Friday night we stopped by here.
About the food.... I've always been a fan of the WINGS here - the sweet, tangy and tart thai chili sauce is a perfect combination for the meaty wings - consistent and satisfying.
This time, we also ordered the BURGER which was almost shockingly good. Based on my pas experience at Kite and Key, I assumed it would be a great burger, but somehow I wasn't prepared for the level of awesomeness that was BROUGHT-ED. I am a sucker for bleu cheese burgers though so the abundant dose of bleu could have contribted. 
Full disclosure: the bf thought they were maybe a teensy bit heavy handed with the potent bleu, but to that I say NAY, perfect meat:cheese ratio was achieved.
The other 2 dishes were specials, but I hope they put these on the regular menu (oh GOD pretty please) because I'm straight up obsessed with them now: FRIED PICKLES and chicken + queso empanadas. Yep, QUESO.
Fried Pickles + Chipotle Aioli
These were thick discs-sliced pickles, battered and served with a spicy aioli. Sometimes fried pickle in disc shapes don't offer enough pickle, so you end up eating a sliver of just batter (village whiskey, I'm looking at you), but these were thick enough to have that juicy briney crunch betwixt the fried (but not dough-y) batter. I couldn't stop raving about these all weekend.
Chicken + Queso Empanada
These also deserves fanfare. C'mon- QUESO! In the empanada! The outer dough was crispy and the chicken and queso stuffing was moist and flavorful.
Need to write to the owner about adding these permanently. YOU MUST TOO! Do your part, all.I really wanted to like this place, because we recently moved 2 blocks away. We went there for the 3rd time last night and I think it's time for a review. 
The two of us went there on a week day at 7:30pm. They took our order at about 7:45. I ordered the chicken cutlet salad from the "specials" menu, and my boyfriend ordered fish tacos. The food didn't arrive until 8:40. I could have gone home, made a salad and ate it in that time (the server kept stopping by every 10-15 minutes, telling us "your food should be out any minute now"). 
The chicken cutlet in the salad was completely burnt. It was black on one side. and because it was dark, I didnt even see it until I had already had the first bite. 
And the Fish tacos were extremely blend and greasy. 
I would have been ok with the long wait if the food was good. But long wait AND bad food? no thank you!One of my favorite places in the area to watch Sunday football. Delicious wings and nachos (plenty of other options too)! Their beer list is great and reasonably priced. Without the bar layout and TV placement, it's easy for a large or small group where you can easily see multiple games at once.I came here with some work friends when the winner of the NCAA bracket pool offered to buy the first round. I tried beignets for the first time, and they were particularly good. The outdoor seating was nice, and if I lived in the Fairmount Park area, I have a feeling that this place would be my regular stomping ground.This is probably one of the worst places on this side of the city. The food is absolutely disgusting.. covered in grease and tasteless. The service is so bad that it's comical. I came here because of the outdoor seating (which is surprising hard to find in this part of town) and immediately regretted my decision. If you want good bar food, walk a few blocks and go to Urban Saloon.Had brunch ...
Polite and fast service. 
I thought the food was well presented and it came from the kitchen pretty quickly too. 
Seemed a bit loud, but it's a pub ... right?
Food was good overall, I don't get the 1-star reviews, I am a snob and found it all acceptable. We need more of this and a whole lot less Denny's. 
Beer with a bacon sandwich? That is winning my friends.The Kite & Key would definitely be one of my neighborhood hangouts if I still lived in the neighborhood. As it is, it's proving worth the trip when searching for a low key evening. It's a really cute little bar with a good amount of tables if you don't feel like crowding around the bar. All of the food I've gotten there has been perfectly edible, if not anything stellar (except for the sweet garlic chili chicken wings, good lord those were good!) Everything else was just all right. Not a huge fan of the fries, but that's a small quibble.
They've got a nice beer list and some cool special events. We didn't even realize they were a) having a special sixtel event and b) tapping Pliny the Younger! until we walked in. At most places there would be an obnoxious crowd for that, but the space and the noise level both were very manageable. Beer prices are a BIT on the high side sometimes ($5.5 for a 13 oz pour of Allagash makes me raise my eyebrow just a bit) but the overall atmosphere, and the service (our waitress was very good about juggling our various beer orders at different times and humoring us when we weren't able to decide what to eat for a while) was worth it.
All in all, it's a nice but still neighborhood-feeling bar that is perfect for a quiet but fun evening with friends.Ate here Friday night with my date - wanted to try this place because I've heard wonderful things about their food and beer selection. It was crowded, being a Friday night and all, but they were able to sit us pretty quickly. The hostesses were very friendly and smiling which is always a good sign to me.
Once sat, it took a bit of time for the waitress to come over and take our drink order, which normally I'd blame on the help until I realized she had about 12 other tables to tend to, so definitely more an incompetence in management that with the service. She was very knowledgeable about the beer selection, and when I requested something that was not on the menu, she was quick to point to a suitable alternative. Again, drinks took a while to get to the table but in no way do I blame it on the service.
We started off with a cheese tray, which usually can be quite tasty and filled with lots of different cheeses and accompaniments to the cheese. This tray did not live up to code, I'm afraid. 3 types of cheeses - a soft bleu, a camembert, and what I am guessing was a cheddar. They were accompanied by an apple, bread, grapes, and some marmalade, the latter was quite tasty with the bread (could have been a dessert by itself!). My problem with said tray is that there were 2 soft cheeses on it. Sense tells us that if you want to serve a 3 cheese tray, you always serve a soft, hard, and medium, and you give an array of accompaniments like nuts, or something more savory. This was definitely more of an after dinner cheese tray, though it was not listed as such. The cheeses did not provide anything to write home about either.
For main courses I ordered a crabcake sandwich (the special). I asked if the crab was MD crab, a simple question, but the server did not know the answer. Again, not saying it was her fault, as this is information that should be on the menu. It was somewhat disappointing, and nowhere near pure crab (could see the filler). The fries served along with it were very nice - hot and salty!
My date's flatbread pizza came out beautifully and the colors on it (was a veggie) were beautiful - bright green spinach, tomato on a perfectly sized pie. Gave the appearance of being crisp, but not overly so. 
The decor of the place was nice - some great seating areas, and the books lent an intellectual atmosphere to the place. Gave off a cozy feeling without being too cramped nor too spread out.
I give my rating of 3 stars because out of everything, the service was a solid 4, the drinks were a solid 4-5, but the food was at best a 2. I'd definitely come back for a visit, but next time I'll be eating somewhere else first.Really enjoyed sitting outside on a warm, sunny day. Great draft selection, veggie burger lives up to the hype, pulled pork was more South Philly than SxSW, but the meat was juicy and flavorful and the sauteed longhots added a wonderful bite. Waitress was attentive and hostess seemed to do a friendly job of handling new arrivals. Look forward to revisiting on the next nice day...lots more to try on their menu.One of the best mussel dishes I ever had!!! I would have drank the broth that they were cooked in if people were not watching :). I will definitely order the mussels again (Thai Chili flavor). Also, the waitress was so nice. Her name was Jacquelyn. She really seem to love kids. My family thoroughly enjoyed our dinner tonight!!!Came here during beer week and had a most excellent time with their beer olympics! They have great staff and very fast service even as packed as they were...nice! Their beer selections were great (even though I couldn't partake :(...they do carry Magner's cider for those of us Gluten Free). 
Really nice and ample seating and a really awesome outside seating set up as well....bring on the warm days!Kite and Key offers a nice, unassuming place for a beer or a bite to eat.  Since it's off the beaten path, it wasn't too busy on Sunday night when we went for dinner around 6.  
We sat up in the restaurant area, where there are about 10 tables, and there is also a bar area right by the door with a bunch of high tops and bar space.  Apparently when it's not storming (as it was on Sunday night), they will open up the big windows in the front as well. 
I had the Franklin Burger, and the boyfriend had the chicken salad sandwich.  The burger was good, and served with a heap of french fries.  The chicken salad was pretty bad - it was completely dry, and was flavored way too much with lemon.  They should take it off the menu it was that bad.  For dessert, we tried the chocolate beignets, which were delicious.  They were brought out steaming hot and served with a white cream sauce and a dark chocolate sauce. 
I would love to go back on a nice summer evening to sit by the windows and have a drink.  Not an extensive menu, but it has a nice selection to satisfy your taste buds.My mom and I had lunch here after a hectic morning.  It was delicious!  We had nachos for an appetizer, fish and chips as an entree, and the beignets for dessert (we split those).
The fish was so fresh, light, and perfectly cooked.  The fries were shoestring, perfectly seasoned, and tasty.  The dish arrived hot, but I took half my plate home and the fries were still good cold.  Nachos were tasty and the beer list was excellent also.  The beignets were a little doughy or too dense, but that didn't stop us from eating them!  Way too much food, but we enjoyed everything.
Service was spot on and the server was a sweetie.  Highly recommend and would definitely revisit.After stops at the penitentiary and Rodin Museum, wanted a quiet locale for a decent drink. Found this spot on Yelp for a good beer list and some finger food before heading back home.
Saturday evening and plenty of room inside. Going through the beer list they have every style of beer on draft ranging between $5-7. Also got the Cajun fries ($5) to share - heaping pile of heavily spiced fries served with a sweet dipping sauce. 
Best part about this place aside from the cheap fare was the jukebox playing nostalgic 90s music. Really made for a fun end of the night bar. Would like to come back to try some of the food and more local drafts.This is my son and I's favorite spot.  Good food, nice atmosphere and friendly staff.Love this place. Bartenders are fast and efficient. Food is good, especially the chicken tenders. Great place to chill, socialize, and watch a game.Came here for a party, guac and chips were good. Company not so much. Maybe I'm at the wrong place. Is this apartment B? I think I'm in the wrong apartment. Where is the beer? Who is John Watts? Why is John Watts' shirt not tight enough?It's pretty average. The drinks are great and I recommend this place if you are not planning on eating anything!This a Great place for good food, drinks and good service.  Living in the area makes this an easy walk to.
My wife and I look forward to going to the Kite at least twice a week.This rating is only for the service. I've been here twice for drinks but have not eaten here. The first time, we hung out at the bar and the bartender was cool and made interesting small talk and was willing to make recommendations. The second time we sat at a table and I loved our waitress. She was fun and welcoming and made jokes with us. There's a good combination of drink options and I took a peak at the menu and it looked good!I have only been here once on a late Sunday afternoon. The place was packed but we were able to snag two spots at the bar. Great draft selection and friendly bartender. The place is large and gets loud. Probably will come again and try some food.Loved our first brunch at the Kite &Key. Just moved our son and his friend into the area and we're very jealous of all the cool spots to eat. K&K has quick very attentive service and my Philly Breakfast Sandwich with scrapple was out of this world! We'll be back soon!Wanting to catch up with a friend I hadn't seen in a while and take advantage of the beautiful sunny day, I was interested in some outdoor seating for brunch. Kite & key has the perfect location to enjoy the nice weather. It is still within walking distance, but does not have much hustle and bustle like you would closer to center city - it was relaxing. I could have sat there all day. 
I ordered the Philadelphia breakfast sandwich that came with some awesome home fries. See photo ;) 
I still need to try the flat bread pizza! The next table over ordered one.  I was envious. I will be back to try it.