This is one of my favorite businesses in the world. The reasonably priced smoked whitefish spread makes my Jewish heart go BA boom. The delicious cold brew coffee speaks my young millennial needs for constant energy and the queer staff speak to my connection with this wonderful neighborhood filled with both inclusivity, compassion and true diversity. Coffee Market is West Philly and West Philly is home.Moved into the area a few weeks ago, started taking walks and passed by this place a few times, then one day I figured I would check it out. The place was empty, but the barista dude was super friendly and chill. He told me once I drink my iced mocha I wont want to go to any place else around here for coffee.....HE WAS RIGHT! Best iced mocha ive ever had actually. Good job. I will continue to walk the five blocks to this place over any other that may be closer. #newspotThe coffee is amazing. 
This is my favorite place to buy beans, and I get their house blend. I've never had an off batch since I started buying coffee there. Plus, a bag of coffee is an actual pound, unlike some places who sell bags in 10-12 oz sizes.
It's cash only, which might be a deterrent for some, but it's a terrific way to keep things local. As a consumer, I don't have to absorb the expensive cost of electronic money in my coffee. 
My brother is a coffee snob, and I'm going to bring him a pound when I visit next. I hope he likes it as much as my husband and I do!Earth Cup is awesome, everybody that works there is really cool and the coffee is great. I honestly can't remember a time I've gone there that I haven't had a brief conversation with whoever is working. My go to is the iced coffee in the summer, for $2.25 you get a pretty large cup of quality iced coffee. The rest of their selection is great too, very tasty. I've had their banana bread once and it wasn't bad at all. The outside deck area is really cool, it is elevated with plenty of seating and is very nice to sit at during a nice day. The only reason I give it 4 stars instead of 5 is because it closes pretty early during the week, and a lot of the time I wouldn't mind hanging around at night when its cooler.Visited this place several times during my visit to Philly.
Food (8.0/10) = Tried their Americano and Ice coffee.  Both tasted great.  Also tried the cheese danish as well as the raisin danish.  The cheese danish was my favorite of the two.  Both went well with my coffee.  Also tried the smoked salmon bagel, and it was nicely done.  They're very generous with the salmon.  
Ambiance (8.0/10) = Small little coffee shop on a small street.
Service (10/10) = Every time I visited, the people here greet and smile as if you are their best friend.  It's very inviting.  A great local neighborhood business, that values their customers.
Overall Opinion = Great place for breakfast on the way to work.  Seems to be a local favorite, since every time I visited, the workers knew some of the customers' names and their usual orders.This place is great mostly for location. I am a bit of a coffee snob so I tend to err more on the La Colombe/Greenstreet/Joe side of things most of the time. However theres been a few days where I rolled out of bed and just needed a little nearby spot and on those occasions this place really hit the mark! Its quaint and local and I pretty much love it for that :) 
The bagels are good, the coffees good and they have been open early enough to grab something on my way to work - which really made a big difference on one or two cold Winter mornings! 
In the summer they have a nice outdoor space too!This is a quaint little place that is ideal for coffee dates, lounging, studying, or breakfast on the go. The staff is very friendly & considerate; the coffee is good, the bagels are good, and so is the banana walnut bread. The only problem is that the seating is very limited, but I never really eat in anyway so the place is pretty amazing to me.I have loved this place for years! Their coffee is always flavorful, food is simple but delicious. Their staff seem truly invested in the success of the shop. It shows in their conversation skills and quality of drinks/food. One of my absolute favs is the whitefish on a bagel with lots of capers. Hits the spot every time! 
Also I was recommended years ago by an employee there the panacea tea. Yumming lemon, ginger, healing tea. Earth Cup, I love you!Really lovely coffee shop to get work done in. Decor inside is really interesting. If you look up at the ceiling, there are a ton of hanging tea kettles. Although it's a bit tiny inside, there is a nice porch area that gets some really good sunshine. Their coffee is pretty on-point. Iced coffee is cold-pressed and pretty strong. They now take card too, which is great.This place is adorable. I stayed in the area the night before and was DELIGHTED to find this place just around the corner. This place is so basic and refreshing. The baristas were friendly and explained all of the pastries without hesitation. I had a sweet cream cheese danish and a caramel latte. I took it to go and was in and out in 5 minutes. The pastry was FRESH and absolutely delicious. Overall, the experience was wonderful. There was even a dog on a leash outside to pet. :DThis place has really fallen apart in the last few years.  I used to be a regular customer who raved about this place and sent all new neighbors to it ASAP.  These days, I'm starting to tell people to avoid it.
Pros: Their fancy roasts are pretty delicious.  We had a bag of the winter spice last winter that was delicious, and we recently had a bag of some mocha flavor that was also pretty good.  Pastries are usually delicious and fresh.  They're also cheaper than some other options in the neighborhood.
Cons: Apparently you pay for those savings with subpar beverages and crappy service.  The service has -really- fallen off the rails.  Baristas are at best aloof, sometimes rude, and rarely attentive to anything work-related they're doing.  I echo the review of Nataly N., in that the baristas are often standing around chatting with people not in the customer line and it takes forever to get a drink - even when the place is otherwise empty, just you and whomever they're chatting with.  And when they DO bother to take 30 seconds to make your latte, it's cold and 50% foam.  There is no one barista guilty of this, and no particular time of day it seems endemic - the number of people in the shop doesn't even play a role.  I've had this experience when it's busy, when it's not, when the owner is there, when the owner isn't there.  And it happens far more often than it doesn't.  It's led me to believe that this isn't a "bad day" experience, more than it is laziness and a general disregard for the not-in-there-every-single-day customer.
I really hate leaving bad reviews and I used to -love- this place, but over the last eight months I've watched the standard of service and product just really decline.  I resisted writing this review for a while because I know they were turning over their staff and going through some rebranding, and I figured there might just be some bumps in the road.  But it's been a while now, and things just seem bleak.  It's heartbreaking to watch this happen at local place after local place.  (I'm looking at you, Farmacy.)I'm by no means a coffee expert, but I know I get chills when a delicious latte visits my palate. Most cafes serve burnt lattes ON THE REG. coffee market's latte's are DELISH. second to NONE. yes - it's like artsy, bohemian, vegan pricey but damnnn. it's SO GOOD. yes coffee market. YES.Really great coffee, convenient location, and super friendly staff. Their houseblend is amazing, and not too expensive to buy beans to take home! The interior is very cute and inviting -- They have tea pots hanging from the ceiling and local art (or it may be done by one of the employees, I can't remember!!) It's a chill place to have a coffee/quick breakfast with a friend or by yourself (  ³)Don't come here if you're looking to use the internet. They don't have a wifi provider, although you may be able to pick up a connection from nearby, don't count on it. Besides that neg, this place is cute. I've passed it several times and have just started going in to get a cup of coffee. A little neighborhood joint off the main drag that's good for grabbing a quick cup of coffee and a croissant, reading a book out on the porch, or chatting with a friend. I wouldn't come here again to try and get work done though.I usually go to coffeeshops for a place to sit and work, and there isn't much indoor seating here, but when I actually just want coffee, Earth Cup is THE best.  Their espresso is fantastic, and even the chocolate they use in mochas is rich and decadent.  And the people who work there are really lovely.  Genuinely friendly and welcoming.This place has excellent coffee.  After consuming my soy latte here, it became a factor in my decision to choose the apartment that I did.  I would rate their coffee as superior to Green Line Cafe and Milk & Honey.   I dislike that when it is cold out, there's really not much space to sit down in Earth Cup.  The ambiance is not this place's strong point; I would not want to sit for hours with my laptop, but again, the coffee is delicious, the milk is nicely frothed, and it is the place with the best coffee that is close to my house.  Today I got a small, dark roast soy latte that was exactly the right degree of dark bitterness and lighter sweetness (probably the soy milk).  Furthermore, when you're looking for a place that isn't super pretentious (although I do enjoy pretentiousness on occasion), I would go here.  Coffee is fairly reasonably priced (under $4; because I bought a small soy latte and a banana, which usually run between 50 and 75 cents at coffee shops, for a total of $4.20).  
The baristas are very friendly, and the man who made my latte was both good looking and helpful in giving milk frothing tips.This is by far my favorite coffee shop in all of West Philly.  The people who work here are wonderful, kind, and always go out of their way to try and make your day a little nicer.  I like the fact that there is no indoor seating - in fact it bothers me when I want to sit down and enjoy my cup of coffee with my boyfriend and I feel bad for talking because it's like I stepped into 20 people's personal office.   Plus their iced tea is amazing.Cute neighborhood coffee shop. There's not a lot of space inside, but the outdoor seating makes up for it. They've got the standard lineup of coffee options and tasty homemade pastries too and the staff actually seems happy to be there. A nice alternative from the busier places like Green Line or Gold Standard.Really friendly folks and really good coffee, plus bagels with smoked salmon. I've been here countless times and never had a complaint.I really like this whole in the wall coffee shop.  It's really unassuming and you could walk right by it and totally miss it.  
Don't be fooled by its small size, they make a great cup of coffee.  It's really nice to wake up on the weekend and run around the corner and grab a coffee from them.  And, even better, if you need some really basic food stuffs (milk, cream cheese, eggs), they keep them stocked.  It's great.
During the summer, they leave water bowls outside for thirsty dogs.  It's very sweet.
They don't take credit cards but, if you realize you don't have cash, they have an ATM.I've been a frequent and happy Coffee Market customer for some time, always enjoying the excellent coffee, delicious pastries and easy-going and inclusive atmosphere -- a diverse neighborhood crowd spanning ages, races, styles.  The baristas have been warm and welcoming, cheerful and seemingly open-hearted and open-minded.  All in all, Coffee Market had seemed to me be everything West Philadelphia should be and is.
Until this morning, that is, when, one of the young women behind the counter launched into a hostile, sarcastic and just plain ugly rant about white people.   In a loud voice that penetrated every corner of the Market, she asserted her view that all white people are racists who've acquired privilege and position built on a shared history as slave-holders.   Her tone and language were nasty, laden with invective, filling the morning's calm, sweet atmosphere with meanness.
As we left, I approached her at the counter hoping to engage her, even briefly, in conversation.   I guess something in my look hinted that I wished to comment on her speech, but before I could get a word out, before she could have had any idea of what I was about to say, she launched into another diatribe, this time against me personally.  She hollered that I had no right to intrude into her private conversation (a conversation that was in no way private, given her loud voice and the intimate size of the place -- I'd even hazard a guess that she actually intended to provoke someone into reaction).  She went on to rage at me that unless I was a person of color I had no right to speak to her at all, that as a white person (yes, I am) my views and opinion were unwelcome, and she then virtually invited me to leave and not return.  
Well, then, okay, we will not go back to Coffee Market.   Though this was a totally unexpected, rare and, I'd hope, one-off experience, who'd want to chance it again?  There are other places for coffee and pastry in our wonderful neighborhood, maybe not as good but, one hopes, where we will feel welcome and at ease.  As we left, so did another customer who'd been present throughout all of this, he a person of color who rushed up to us on the sidewalk and said, "I guess it's time for me to find a new place for coffee, huh?"  Yeah, I guess so.
A final comment: the irony of all this is that what I hoped to say to her was that, while I might not have appreciated her tone and language, and whether I agreed with her or not, I had found her perspective important to consider.Always a pleasant experience.  I could throw a rock out my window and hit this place, so I get my morning medicine here more than anywhere else.  Always good coffee, fast and friendly staff, the boss-lady is ultra-chill, dog friendly!, quiet neighborhood, outdoor seating, good food--never fails to please.  I'm holding the last star hostage until EC stays open later.This is a bagel and pastry shop that has undertrained Barista's serving middle of the road coffee.. If you order a cappuccino and they ask you what size,instant red flag that they are clueless ..I would recommend this place to a 16 year that wanted a hot chocolate ...no offenseI'm mostly a tea drinker and not a coffee drinker, but when I want coffee this is where I come. Very good coffee (whoop ass) and also good pastries. Also a nice place to sit and hang out. Coffee better here I think than the nearby Green Line.The coffee here is better than at Green Line and Milk & Honey Market. And if you buy 10, you get 1 free. I also like the tea selection. 
However, it's very small, there's no wi-fi, the pastries are so-so, and the service is not always top notch. I used to get morning coffee here before work, but I had to stop because the service was too slow. 
I would stand at the counter, trying to order coffee before catching the trolley to get to work, with no one in front of me, and the staff would be talking to someone (not in line) for a long time, without acknowledging me. 
I don't mind if people have different philosophical views on the concept of time, but maybe I'll buy coffee instead from a place that understands that people don't have all day to wait in line and can better adapt to different customers' needs.Coffee Market is a local gem!  There are several options in the neighborhood, but I love this place the best.  The employees are always so friendly and helpful, they are pretty quick, and the food and coffee is great.
The bagels are sooooo good, and my standby is the herbs and spices cream cheese.  Every Saturday morning.  The coffee isn't amazing but it's good, and I get a lot of iced lattes.  They have LeBus breakfast sandwiches, which my boyfriend likes a lot.  If you get a bagel or sandwich toasted, they use a panini press that gives nice toast lines.
They have indoor and outdoor seating, with a cute deck area outside.  They also leave out a water bowl for people who bring their dogs, which is a thoughtful amenity (I don't have a dog).Earth Cup, now called Coffee Market is a great local coffee shop in the old Sam's Place building. On cooler summer days the deck next to the building is a great place to read, people watch, or ponder why they are stuffing square windows into the Dorian frames as they rehab the abandoned apartment building across the street. For brewed coffee, the "whoop ass" is great, a solid not too bitter dark roast. For take home, I usually go with the Ethiopian. The bagels are pretty good, the pesto cream cheese even better.This place needs to stock up on stuff and they need to get more bags instead of you walking out with milk in your hand and no bag.tacky.better when it was called Sam's place. I could care less about the seating I don't like to eat outside with bugs flying around your food and drinks and people walking past you spitting on the ground and farting as they walk past you.Finally, good coffee in West Philly! I've lived in West Philly for about a year now and this is the only place I've found so far with really good drip coffee (can't speak to other drinks). The medium roast is strong and flavorful. Price was average--$1.75 for a small. They have a loyalty punch card, too, which is great. 
As for the atmosphere, there are four or five small tables inside that would be fine to sit at and do work. There's also a small window bar with 2-3 stools. There's plenty of outside seating and they even have a deck. Great for a sunny day. 
I will definitely come back!
PS--I saw that a previous reviewer said that they refused to give him a glass of tap water. They gave me one today without any problems, so hopefully this means that they've changed their tap water policy!This is a tiny neighborhood cafe.  If you live within 3 blocks or walk by it on the way to or from someplace...its a good little stop.  Cute.  Neighborhood-y.  Nice.  But that neighborhood-y feel is sometimes at the expense of professionalism.  Their general chattiness sometimes means that there is a general bumbling feel about the service.  I like a good chat now and again, but not at the expense of getting things done.  In the afternoons, they don't seem to be able to handle more than 1 customer at a time.  Any more than that and there are fumbles, and bumbles...its like its their first day, over and over and over again.  
*The ladies that work during the morning rush, however, are much more together.  But, to be fair, there are 2 of them.*  Maybe I should be more compassionate, but incompetent service--though delivered with a smile--drives me bonkers.  
The coffee?  Fantastic.  And even though I have another favorite local cafe, this place has the best latte's in west philadelphia.  Hands down.  
So, like a lot of neighborhood joints, if you can deal with the "quirks" of the place, its a great place to go for a great cup of coffee.So I finally stopped by this place last week. It's in a really cool area and the cafe has a great ambiance to it. I ended up just trying a house blend coffee to go. It was good, but I was expecting it to be a bit better. It had a really unique balanced flavor with some slight brightness to it and a very airy body. But it wasn't up to the right temperature and I think that took away from the overall experience. It may have just been slower that day. 
I'd be more than happy to stop by again and support Earth Cup.This is MY coffee shop. I'm here pretty much every weekend morning. 
Large Earth Cup (dark roast) with room for milk. A little sugar, a dash of cinnamon a dash of nutmeg. Yummy warm morning delight. 
Also, go early to get a bagel. Everything, toasted with plain cream cheese. I think they get their bagels from Four Worlds Bakery on Woodland Ave, but SRSLY... Best everything bagel ever. Get it toasted almost to the point of it being burnt. 
Love the deck/patio when the weather is nice. It's seriously one of the most relaxing places to sit and sip your coffee. 
The owner and *vast* majority of the baristas are INCREDIBLY sweet and make you feel like a member of their community. 
Coffee is better than Green Line. Service is better than Green Line AND Milk and Honey. It's a cute little hippie (not hipster) spot.Yayy, they recently put in a bathroom! And AC! And renovated the whole inside so it's nice to sit in there too (I still prefer the outside, though!) So now I can give it 5 stars like I've always wanted to. I've mentioned the amazingly nice staff too, right? Because they're also awesome. I come here every chance I get, and you should too!Not particularly inviting. Minimal selection of coffee or coffee products. Food selection consists of bagels and maybe one kitchen item. Stood at the counter waiting to order for a while because I wanted to try it, but the barista didn't stop talking to a friend to take my order... Shame, because I'd heard good things.I never write Yelp reviews, but Earth Cup holds a special place in my heart. Yes, their selection is limited in some ways, but it doesn't matter. Everything is delicious. Their coffee is my favorite coffee, especially the seasonal earth cup spice and the iced coffee. It is ridiculously cheap - I usually get a bagel and a small coffee, and I think it's a little over $3. Sometimes I go at lunch time and get the delicious grilled cheese with pesto - also very cheap.
And the staff are some of the nicest people you will ever meet.Great cup of coffee and nice pple working here. But I would never sit and have my coffee ... Way too small and cramp. 
Great to go spot .Such a cute cosy neighborhood gem! I was staying nearby for a few days and popped by twice for coffee and breakfast. There're lovely small tables to sit outside if the weather is nice! 
The coffee was solid: I've had the espresso & iced latte. Comparable to many of the joints I frequent in New York. The egg breakfast sandwich was delicious: I love how it was light and fluffy, and the cheese was not overwhelming. I liked it so much that I came back to get it the next day! The bagels with cream cheese are alright, pretty standard. The only thing preventing a solid 5 stars is just little things, like how they ran out of forks, and how the open bagel counter etc did not look spotless, but honestly these are little charming things about such coffee shops that I don't really mind. 
I believe they have punch cards that you should take advantage of if you're a regular!So I moved out to West Philly from Australia and needed to find somewhere to get good coffee. I think I found it.
The teapots hanging from the roof make it even better.Love this place-- it's got seriously good coffee (second only to blue bottle) but prices are dirt cheap which means this hidden gem is as student friendly as they come.I think Lauren C's opening sentence sums up my review of Earth Cup aka THE BEST CUP EVER. 
First off, it is a local coffee shop nestled in West Philly and I do believe, is West Philly's best kept secret. The coffee is super cheap and the homemade baked goods are amazing (try the zucchini chocolate chip bread, om nom nom). They also sell beans by the pound, which is awesome. Support local!
They have a cute arrangement. The interior has some seating but the outdoor seating is the best. Great for people watching, book reading, phone chatting, etc. 
Also, they now have an Earth Cup Card where when you get 10 punches, you get your next coffee free! 
The only con, because I rarely use wifi anywhere, is the ATM/Credit card issue. They only take cash but thankfully they have an ATM in the shop.This is my favorite place to get coffee.  Their whoop ass blend is my favorite, and I really like their chocolate zucchini bread too.There is no wifi! I'm not joking. This is a coffee shop that's too cheap to provide actual Internet service in the cafe, but is willing to charge $5 for a mediocre pastry. The staff were lovely, but the coffee is nothing to speak of. Finally, they blared cheesy morning radio inside at 7 in the morning. Give people a break; we haven't had our coffee yet!
Save your money and make some coffee at home where you actually have the Internet.  You can find equivalent pastries at the grocery store.Good coffee and pastries but not much room inside to sit. The outdoor seating is nice though.  One of the baristas (maybe owner) is living in the old world though-- every time I go in there with a woman he has some chauvinist comment to make ("ohho ladies first..." "...and for the pretty lady", etc., etc...--  stfu pal, it's annoying).So I normally like the place, come there to get decent (though overpriced) coffee and browse the web, and eat their DELICIOUS and soup and grilled cheese combo. I recently run into one particular staffer who was UNBELIEVABLY rude for no good reason at all. I came (no "hello", unhappy stare) and ordered the "usual" - the combo.  The guy never asks any usual question, like what bread etc. and rings me up for more than it is listed for on the menu. I correct him, naturally. He gets all worked up and nervous and starts YELLING (I am NOT kidding) at me and pointing at the sign that says "STEW and grilled cheese", not the SOUP, which I ordered. So I calmly explain that I ordered the soup, to which he states (quite unbelievably, really) that it is NOT the soup, but the stew and don't have any soup and so he is right. o_0 
Whatever, dude - if you can't admit you're wrong, try not to work in a small local coffee shop where you scare off the customers with your crappy attitude. Needless to say, I told him to keep his STEW/SOUP and all the other goodies and WALKED! HE will never see me again there buying ANYTHING, as long as he is behind the counter.
*UPDATE* - this post was originally a *ONE* STAR: HOWEVER, I went there again in a different day: really friendly and attentive lady ASKED about ALL my preferences, was extremely nice, and charged REGULAR price for my fav. grilled cheese+soup special, which was DELICIOUS, as usual.
No trace of the "rude" dude, OR his kind of attitude. Hope he's gone, and I say it's worth it to patronize the place when some of more friendly stuff are around: the food is really good, it is quite pleasant inside, and the new bathroom completes the list.I go to Coffee Mart on my way to work, to buy beans, and to just have a pleasant Sunday morning and it's great for all this. Staff is super friendly and the coffee is always good quality. They also have yummy bagels and spreads as well as french pastries. An all-around delightful experience. Great to support a local business like this one.during the 5 days I spent in this W. Philly neighborhood, I had many samplings from this little joint...
*Espresso - they pull a mean, full-bodied cup!
*Eats - the goat cheese croissant was quite good, i am not typically a fan of goat cheese, but this was a nice mild, savory treat.  the rye bagel with lox, horseradish cream cheese and large capers was terrific!
*Coffee - their own 3 continent blend, I took a pound home.
*Misc drinks - daily offerings of teas, juices, etc - on one visit I had a lovely lavender lemonade.
stop in & chat with their VERY friendly staff!!Yup, more than two years after my first review, this place is still good.  They re-decorated the place, and the coffee is still great.  The folks working here are still some of the best and friendliest.  Outdoor seating/porch/deck available if you want to enjoy sunny weather in Philly.  If you're around the neighborhood, this is the place for coffee.I have to admit that what I like the most about this place is their deck but it would be nicer if they cleaned it on a regular basis. Trash will sit there for several days before it's picked up. The coffee and food is fine, the service leaves a little to be desired. I'm in there several times a week and I get the same thing 99% of the time but not one of the servers remember me. Not a big deal but it really doesn't build any loyaltySeveral friends and neighbors now boycott this shop on my behalf after a bad accident I had here shortly after they opened. I really hope this issue is resolved for the safety of the neighborhood. PLEASE be careful walking inside here, especially with little children.
While going to the end of the open bar style counter trying to get to a roll of paper towels to clean up some coffee I spilled, I fell straight down six feet into an open basement stair with no railing or protection of any kind. It was just gaping  hole in the floor for the basement steps. The manager was horrified and kind to me at first, but while laying in shock on the cold basement stair, I overheard the owner telling a concerned customer "Well she shouldn't have been behind the COUNTER!"  
After my hospital visit later that day, weeks on a cane and months with a sprained knee, I saw the owner in the area and she again seemed very nice and concerned.  Note I was never angry, never asked for any damages or took any legal action.
I did gently suggest that if a business  did not want anyone falling into a hole next to an open ended counter (not behind it)  then perhaps a STAFF ONLY, BIG HOLE sign, pullman step cover, rail or simple chain to rope it off may be in order. I got more snark back about how I had invaded staff space. I suppose staff should have to dodge a gaping hole in the floor in a coffee shop that may have wet conditions? How about small children that run around loose in the family friendly neighborhood? I was told that hey 'watch out' for people about to fall into the floor hole. Yeah, that worked. 
If I almost kill myself in your floor-less coffee shop and am nice enough to not not get angry or sue your small local business, perhaps some graciousness, a $5 chain at Home Depot to rope off the hole,  and maybe a free cuppa would be in order. Even if I was doing a dance next to your register (which I was not) I fell in a HOLE in your FLOOR. I don't think I should get guff.This place, as the name suggests, is earthy.
It has a neighborhood feel, which I really like.  There's a great outdoor patio, which is often filled with conversation.  The interior of the shop, even in colder weather, is usually more sparse.
This place stocks Zhena's Gypsy Teas, which you can read some of my reviews of, or share your own, on my tea-rating site: http://ratetea.net/brand/zhenas-gypsy-tea/145/ -- While this is a decent brand of tea, I will say, it's not the brand I would choose to stock if I were running a coffee shop of my own.  They are also just tea bags.
I think I would give this place four or five stars, except I have never been able to get their wireless to work.  And they don't control their wireless themselves, it's provided by the landlord, so they don't have the ability to reset the router or troubleshoot.  As someone who sometimes likes to work from a coffee shop, this place is out for a frequent / regular spot for me, although I like it enough that I would gladly come here to just hang out or drink a hot cup of something.I'm not a coffee drinker.  But Earth Cup makes the best chai latte I've had in West Philly yet.  I know it's not complicated, but the others I've tried have been somewhere between lackluster and "oh my god, I paid for this?  What is this?" in flavour and quality.  Super good chai, AND on my way to campus?  And with outdoor, dog friendly seating so I can work in fresh air? And everyone behind the counter is friendly and warm and gets to know you?  
Earth Cup, I think I'm in love with you.  
 It's not terribly big on the inside, but I don't know what to do about that, but I'd bet it's sort of a bummer and hurts business a little in the winter months.  Makes me feel bad for them.  
This review is meant to be attached to a 4.5 star review but Yelp doesn't let us have half-stars.  Earth Cup would get a solid five from me if they expanded their pastry/bread/breakfast-type food offerings.  Very limited selection, it makes me sad.  On the other hand, if they had something like muffins or tea bread or god forbid, french macaroons, I'd probably live there, so maybe it's for the best.Earth cup has by far the best coffee in West Philly. This place is perfect for hanging out in the summertime because of their outside deck seating area. I consider it a take-out coffee shop in the winter because of the limited indoor seating. The staff has always been very friendly to me, especially the woman with the southern accent. One thing I don't like....they don't have a bathroom. Ive had to run to the RX and the gas station to relieve myself. I guess they are encouraging a short hangout time.This is one of the few places where I actually get the coffee that they've brewed that day rather than ordering a latte.  Their own brew is always yummy and nice and strong. I love the friendliness and the neighborhood feeling of this place where the Barista actually knows who you are and chats a bit like she really likes her job and is glad that people come in. The bathroom is always clean, and I also like drinking out of real cups and not just paper cups. This is my favorite go to place when I'm meeting a friend for coffee.This place is the epitome of "service with a smile".  
Though it's better in warmer months when you can grab a seat on the deck, it's still amazing.  The owner, whose name I wish I knew, is a complete sweetheart, always making you feel like you've walked into her kitchen.  They have a good selection of different coffee drinks, teas, bagels, baked goods, and even some fridges with cold drinks, dairy, and snacks.   The coffee is delicious - I need to find out who their roaster is.
They have a pretty bangin' special going on the weekends - $1 coffees and $2 lattes.  Not bad at all.I love the organic feel that this coffee shop gives. It is hidden so I feel special when I go (as if no one else knows about this place hahah). It is kind of a hike if you are coming from Penn, so I normally only get to try this place when I'm in the neighborhood. The coffee is amazing....... but I don't know if its worth the hike? The place is super small and dark so I wouldn't recommend working in this cafe. Their service is great and their croissant is decent!Killing time and looking for a caffeine buzz, I stopped into Earth Cup and received the kind of authentic customer service that robotic starbucks employees can't hope to match. The iced coffee was cold and refreshing, and my chocolate chip cookie was deliciously sweet. I spent a pleasant hour or so reading in the adorable outdoor seating area, and left feeling like I had made a new friend.Best tasting coffee in the neighborhood and the nicest baristas. 
As for people-watching, you will see more cool-o bike punks and genderqueers at Green Line. Earth Cup gets more cute dogs and REALLY CUTE BABIES.
And you can buy eggs and the newspaper!Perfect little neighborhood coffee shop. Great coffee (in store drinks as well as beans), delicious bagels and spreads. Extremely nice staff. And great deck outside to sip your coffee and people watch.I buy coffee beans from this place every 2 weeks and they grind them to my preference so my coffee always tastes really fresh.  1/2 lb bag is $6 which isn't bad at all.  They have a pretty good variety of coffee but I'm still holding out for the Bolivian coffee I've seen there only once before.
As someone else commented, it's a shame there's no bathroom.  I only live around the corner so it isn't a big deal for me but I can see it would be for other people.  
I've never eaten here but I know the croissants and pastries come from the Four Worlds Bakery upon on Woodland Ave - I like the idea that these local businesses are all supporting each other.
The sundeck outside is great on warm days - a real suntrap and fun for watching the world go by in West Philly :)Their bagels are decent. Their sweet pastries are fresh although slightly pricier than I would like. Their coffee is good, and the staff is good natured and hilarious. Great place for residents around the area, and not pretentious and slow like other places around the neighborhood.Best coffee I have ever had in Philly... maybe in the country. If it's not super busy, the staff will be your coffee whisperer and help you find you're personal coffee drink... and then they'll remember it if you keep coming back... not on some computer, but just by your smile. 
My drink is a cafe mezzo and it's just about heaven on earth. Try it out.Cute cafe with plenty of outdoor seating.  I love that they offer a 10 oz. size to-go cup, which is perfect for a mid-day latte that won't keep me up all night!Earth Cup. You rule.  The coffee here is tasty and they have a couple varieties "on tap" for your sipping pleasure.  The staff here are sweet as pie and I always enjoy hanging out on the bench and people (dog) watching.  One more important thing to mention is how consistently tasty all of their food selections are.  Try them all. Yumtown.Excellent lattes, the espresso is very good. Also tasty bagels and they give you LOTS of cream cheese! Seating inside is cramped, but nice outdoor seating. Friendly baristas. Cash-only but they have an atm inside. I am so happy that I found this place, and will go here over Green Line any day.Best porch in the neighborhood. I spend all day here, every time I have a weekday off.   The baristas offer huge smiles and hilarious jokes, also coffee. I'm a little cheap and usually just get drip coffee or regular iced coffee when it's hot, but whoever makes their pastries makes a crave-able danish. And if I really need a pick me up, I spring for a latte--I think their pumpkin spice syrup is homemade!Off the bat I wasn't even greeted. I couldn't decide if I wanted I biscuit or something else. I decided on a bagel. Another customer walked in and she got a bagel as well. When the barista that was helping me finally turned around bc she was getting the other coffee machines started she took the other customer first who came behind me. I left the bagel and walked away. Worst customer service. Calling the owner to complain about working on this.Great coffee, reasonable coffee shop prices (better than Gia and I like the coffee better than Green Line.)
I come here for my morning fill about twice a week. They are always so pleasant and happy to serve me coffee which is a plus (and definitely much more pleasant than Green Line.) Usually I just get a large iced coffee. I've had their pain au chocolat before as well - and it was light, flaky, and NOT overbaked like at most places. HI5 earthcup!
Their raised outdoor seating is also very accommodating.A full menu wasn't available and prices weren't listed. Their cold brew was quite good, but the store itself had a weird atmosphere so I wasn't tempted to stay and drink and chat. It seemed like a good place to stay and do solitary work, though.This place is OK it's a nice place to hang out especially if the weather is good. Don't go here if you're in a rush....I love Earth Cup because it's a great place to walk to in the neighborhood for a good cup of coffee, chat with the very friendly staff, run into neighbors I know and meet some new ones!  Love the outdoor seating though I rarely use it.  Earth Cup makes our little part of the world feel like a community.  Also, I get my dog-fix on by meeting all the local dogs who visit there,  as my pup went on to the dog park in the sky.   Only criticism is that they need to clean their coffee maker and urns out more frequently to avoid the coffee tasting bitter.  I would also like them to try someone new for the loaf breads they sell as sometimes they are quite dry.  Let's give another baker a chance!  (Maybe I should do it).i just dropped in one morning after dropping off my dry cleaning next door.  i had heard great things about this cafe, but since i've been avoiding coffee lately, i wasn't sure what i was going to order here.  the barista was super friendly and helpful, and with his help i ended up ordering a coconut chai iced tea.  it was perfectly refreshing on that humid day, and i was really happy with my experience here.
note that i can't comment on their coffee or food,  but 5 stars from me for their friendliness, and being able to suggest a coffee alternative that i was really happy with!Coffee is delicious, bagel with lox (almost too much lox if that's even possible) was also delicious. KIND people (never get that 'round these parts).
Generally a pleasant mornin' experience. I will be doing it again (daily).I absolutely adore this establishment. They carry a phenomenal selection of loose bean, single-source coffee plus a few of their own signature combinations--definitely try the Valentine's Day blend if available. Both the cold brew and hot coffee never cease to please the palate, and service is excellent. It can occasionally get a little cramped in this tiny cafe, but they do have some outdoor seating and make good use of the space. Oh, and they have frequent buyer programs for both beans and brews. Rock on, Coffee Market!Great neighborhood spot with several methods of preparing strong coffee... They sell whole beans for an affordable price, and some banging bagels with a variety of fresh cream cheeses... My only complaint would be that there isn't much seating in the winter. A tip would be to allow yourself 5-7 min to get your coffee, but it's worth it... Consistently well brewed!It's my favorite coffee shop in the neighborhood! Their coffee is always fresh good, and has a very cool vibe. I love coffee pots hanging from the ceiling. Workers are always nice, and outdoor sitting (even though it's not the most comfortable sitting in the world) is very nice and cute. I would definitely recommend this place to friends.I can't say enough good things about coffee market - the coffee is excellent, the staff is really nice and helpful, and they have that amazing porch to sit on when the weather is good.I don't really like going out for breakfast.  Breakfast is a meal that is generally overpriced at restaurants and, frankly, if I have the time to eat a leisurely meal in the morning, what i really have is time to stay in bed with the man for another 2 hours and skip straight to lunch.
That being said.  I really like breakfast at Earth Cup.  
I am and probably always will be a total sucker for flavored cream cheese, but MOST importantly I am a sucker for ridiculously nice people.
And Earth Cup has both! 
Example: Ridiculously nice barista has just finished mopping the lovely Earth Cup floor.  Manfriend spills his coffee all over the floor.  Manfriend stutters apology.  RNB smiles and says," Hey, no problem.  The mop's already out!" and cheerfully he did mop.
Go good people! And drink of the coffee and niceness!This is a decent local coffee spot. It has the hippy/trendy coffee shop vibe to it. It's good for your straight coffee drinks, from the regular to the lattes and capachinos, as well as teas, and they can do it iced.
The have some baked goods that looked pretty good. The day I went, I wanted something cool, and while iced is nice, I sometimes want something more in the frapachino style. I was disappointed that iced was the best they could do, but settled for it.
It was tasty, but fell short of what I wanted.Bad customer service. Not worth the price, this is not the experience I was expecting based on the reviews.Now that it's summer again, I recognize that the sparsity of indoor seating is waaaay more than compensated for by their awesome deck and outdoor tables.  And I always thought the service was wonderfully warm and friendly, but recently I mentioned to one of the servers that I was moving soon and had to carry a bunch of bags to the thriftstore, and she brought me her own handcart from home and lent it to me for the week!  So sweet.  I moved a couple days ago and miss Earth Cup already.