I get the Rachel (turkey reuben) when I go here.  It's always filling and delicious - one of the best sandwiches I've ever had.  The butchers are really nice and sometimes offer samples of meat and cheese if the lunch rush is slowing things down.
Whenever I go here, I consider it a treat.  Unfortunately, this is not a good thing.  The sandwiches are pricey and the wait is excruciatingly long at times.  It sucks that I can only go here when I have some time to kill and have some money burning in my pocket.  Otherwise, I'd be here much more often.Seriously? Why did it take me so long to find you, my love. So good.
Growing up in New York, I've had my share of some of the best Jewish deli's in the world. Now, I'm not saying this is as good as those, but that's mainly because it's more of a sandwich shop, than it is a full blown deli.
But seriously! There sandwiches are radonkulous. It's not just that they are tasty, but they have outrageous combinations.
I got the Restaurant School Special. Check it. Corned Beef. Yum. Honey Turkey. Yum. Brisket of beef. Yum. Hot Pepper Cheese. Yum. Coleslaw. Goodness. Slap on some Russian dressing. All this in a triple decker marble rye bread. Yeah, you know it, radonkulous!!!
They didn't have much in sides. macaroni salad, coleslaw, and potato salad, and a couple of other things like pickles and Kosher tomatoes. I got the mac salad. It was as good as you can get.
They had a few interesting deserts. We got the orange cake and chocolate cheesecake. They tasted pretty good. But my main hangup, and main reason for giving them four stars and not five, is they wrapped them in wax paper. I mean, how stupid is that? The good stuff came off and was all over the wax paper.
So, go get them sandwiches, but if you're doing delivery, save your money on the deserts.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/iZNR8-rqsBL2afDk4Zxe8A?select=uZszvbl0ccHaqDgxbZuBng&utm_source=oshareLOL 
took basically an hour for 3 sandwiches to make
what i like about this place is that they are really friendly
like any other reviews you read.. you wait FOEVER for your sandwich?
at least they feed me while i was waiting!!! 
i think i like that part better than the sandwich itself. 
but its a place you need to try if you want something different when waiting for your sandwichAmazing place.  Super friendly owner and massive sandwiches.  Come hungry!!!  Wishing I lived in Philly!!!The deli has a great selection of meats and cheeses. I really enjoy their hot pastrami and Swiss sandwich. They also give out samples while they are making sandwiches which are always welcome. I take my 2 year old with me and he likes to look at all the pictures of satisfied customers while munching on samples.This is probably the best deli i have ever been to. Ezra, who runs the place, gave us so much food i didnt know what to do with all of it. 
I got the hot pastrami sandwich and it was ridiculously good. Ezra is the man and Koch's deli is a must for anyone hungry in the city of Philadelphia. However long it takes...its worth it.Sandwiches are insanely good. And meats are extremely fresh and tasty. 3 stars bc customer service is not good. Waited 45 minutes with 2 people in front of me when I walked in. They said there were a lot of delivery orders but that's still pretty unacceptable. I get it delivered now.I ate lunch here today for the first time, and have to say, it was an interesting experience. The shop itself appears a little run-down and beaten-up, but the awards and accolades along with the pictures of the owners give it a sweet charm. It really feels like a genuine Jewish deli - and you don't see that many places in Philly. 
My negatives were that a couple menu items were unavailable, and LevelUp no longer is functioning here. However, the food and service were great. I got a sample of "honey turkey" and then had to have it for my hoagie! I shared the hoagie with a friend, and it was the perfect-sized lunch for both of us. 
I will probably be back again some time soon to try something different!Order ahead.   Wayyyyy ahead.  People are nice enough and it's clean with a good selection.  I had a chicken cheese steak that took an hour and 15 minutes to make and was gross.  Everyone else in our group was happy with their food.1. Show up at Koch's
2. Order the Jewish Hoagie
3. Marvel at the amount of meat and ingredients loaded on
4. Tell yourself there is no way you can eat the entire sandwich
5. Do it anyways
6. Love/hate yourself for eating the whole delicious sandwich
7. Repeat and wish this spot wasn't in the middle of nowhereJust ordered the Jewish hoagie with Russian dressing and sweet peppers. It may be $12, but that was more than enough for the two of us. They loaded it up with meats and cheese, no skimping here. We ordered delivery on Eat24 and it was a very reasonable wait time. I definitely will order from here again.Warning: once you've experienced Koch's, you'll never look at sandwiches the same way again! Seriously, it's that good. I really can't say anything that hasn't already been said numerous times in much better reviews than I am capable of writing, but I will sum it up for you in three words: Koch's is awesome. This not an ordinary deli, it is a west Philadelphia landmark. It almost doesn't matter what I order; if it's on the menu it will taste good. 
Most sandwiches will set you back eight to ten bucks, but it's well worth it. You can't get this quality anywhere else. The portions are huge and all the ingredients are as fresh as can be. If you don't know what you want, talk to the staff. They are knowledgeable, friendly, and know what they're doing. This deli is takeout only, although there are tables and chairs outside. There is free parking across the street in the CVS lot.It's an hour and a half later and still haven't received my delivery order (tuna hoagie).Koch's is the real deal! Ezra is awesome and hooked us up with some tasty treats while we waited for our delicious Philly Cheese Steaks! 
Seriously awesome old school deli. Looking forward to my next visit to Phili and hitting this joint againWalked in to try a Jewish Hoagie while waiting on my laundry to dry. The place is small and cramped. It is in need of a good cleaning as well.
The sandwich only took about 10 minutes. There was some old folks ahead of me, but they had ordered a hot sandwich. So the "sandwich artist" made my Jewish right away.
I took it out to the table at the front and chowed down. It was pretty great. The best sandwich I have had in a while. Filled with meat, great bread, and dripping with deliciousness.
I would go back for sure. It'd be nice if they renovated, but with the small space they have that's probably not happening ever.Remember when Cliff birthed a hoagie during a dream sequence on "The Cosby Show?"  If I could spawn a hoagie, it would be like one from Koch's.  Their sandwiches are the stuff of dreams.  
You've gotta get them with everything.  If you don't, you'll not only miss out on a condiment flavor explosion...but the managers may degrade you and your undressed sandwich by calling it a "Wawa hoagie"......snap!My boyfriend and I ordered sandwiches to go (recommendation from his friend). I went to school in UCity and had never been before. As I was getting my hair cut, my boyfriend waited the 45 min for our sandwiches. He said the service was unnecessarily slow (the guys didn't start making the sandwiches until well after he had ordered them).
I ordered the PCOM. He ordered the Restaurant School special. We also got the Lou Koch special and the Drexel special for my sister and her boyfriend.
Overall we all thought the sandwiches were just okay. They were very large but unfortunately nothing to rave about.I would put this place on par with some of the best kosher deli's I've eaten at.
The owner Mr Sabbatt is friendly and quite a character. While I was waiting for my Reuben he offered me free samples; pickles, shaved ham, shaved roast beef & provolene cheese.
He told me he had been in business for 65 years.
The Reuben was exceptional, it was perfect, it was delicious with fresh ingredients.
The only down side is there is no dine in option.So before I start, I have to say, I grew up in NYC and worked in a Deli most of my life.  My blood runs rampant with the nitrates from Boars Head.  I may only live to 50, but my body will be pickled forever thanks to Brunkhorst Meats in their shiny red and black trucks.  I was spoiled as far as delicatessens go.  So, everything is based off that Bias.  
The sandwiches are expensive but they are huge.  I am an eater.  I have been known to pack away 40 ounces of prime rib at a time and then finish my wife's left overs. That's why i go to the gym so much.  I had the PENN Special, and man, I had to leave 1/2 for later.  As far as the flavor, some of the meats lack flavor.  The salami is good, but the toungue left something to be desired.  it lacked flavor.  The texture was good, but it just lacked flavor.  Its a nice deli, good portions, and if I pay ten bucks for something that makes me wait to finish it later, i think its a good deal.  It would be 4 stars all the way if the flavor was a bit better with some of the meats, but I think I found a place to keep the nitrates pumping in my veins!!  Woohoo.  Even better is the fact that I don't have to go there.  Delivery through Campus food.com.  I havenever actually been in there, maybe one day.Ezra let's you try everything and anything. We tried the Blondie and the Italian hoagie and it was amazing. Going to Koch's is like dinner and a show ...an absolute must when in Philadelphia!the most absurd sandwiches you will ever encounter.  and i mean that in the best way possible.  these babies are crafted with care and it shows. i've never been during lunch, so i can't vouch for the service then, but otherwise the staff is fantastic, very sweet and chatty.  in fact, just yesterday, while waiting for my turkey reuben, i had the pleasure of learning about the 2 different sides of the aluminum foil they use to wrap  the sammies in.  go to koch's, you may just learn something.I can't believe it's taken me this long to discover this place! A friend first introduced me to Koch's about 2 months ago, and I've been at least 5 times since. My usual is the LBK special, which is nice and light with the turkey, lettuce, tomato and cole slaw, but super flavorful with the roast beef and rye bread. I've heard the drexel, upenn, and hot pastrami are equally as good. The owner is always giving out free samples of meat and pickles, and last time he even offered me a free cupcake for walking a blind man down the street (no joke). It's definitely on the pricier side for a sandwich, but each one has 1/2 lb of meat or so, so you're getting your moneys worth. SERIOUSLY a must if you live anywhere in the area!They make the best sandwiches I've ever had. There is a wait but it is definitely worth it! I get Koch's every single time I visit Philadelphia. It is a must visit and they never skimp on the meat.Pros:
friendly people, small hole-in-the-wall place with local charm
free cold cut samples/pickles while you wait
sandwiches are pretty tasty
old guy at the counter flirts with you
Cons:
you will definitely wait, especially when it gets crowded (but even when it isn't)
things that aren't free samples are expensive - over $10 per sandwich on average
sandwiches are pretty tasty but not necessarily over $10 tasty, and I think they've gotten smaller lately
old guy at the counter flirts with you
Overall assessment: A-OK. I'll come here for a sandwich if I'm doing laundry next door and am feeling too lazy to go anywhere else. However, I don't come here too often because $10+ can get me a better-valued meal elsewhere, especially when it comes to takeout places.SO worth the wait. I came here with some friends on a Sunday at noon and there were 4 orders ahead of us. We waited for an hour so needless to say, our anticipation was building. 
The owner (I'm assuming that's who it was) is amazing. Despite the line of customers, he took the time to entertain and keep people smiling. At one point, he put some turkey and pickles on the counter top for us to try! Then, when my friend ordered her sandwich, he let her try the mustard and the Russian dressing so she could decide. This made it a fun experience!
It's a Jewish deli so I couldn't resist the nova and cream cheese on an everything bagel. It was incredible! Loaded with lox, the perfect amount of cream cheese and tomato. My friends' sandwiches were to-die-for. I'll definitely be back to try the pastrami that everyone is raving about! 
This place is 100% worth the wait.I have been to Koch's twice and sampled 4 sandwiches.  The first time   I overlooked a lot because the food was just so damn good.  The second time the food was not that good as the meat was fatty and the orders were not correct.  It caused me to look at the place with a more critical eye.
First of all the place is a real dump.  Dirty.  Prep area filled with the days worth of food remnants.  Deli case also dirty with contents just dumped on the shelves.  Dessert section piled with uncovered food and used wrappings.
Several people have talked about the friendly service.  That was an experience I certainly missed.  No greeting, no pleasantries and a barking whose next was the extent of the conversation.
I think that this joint is lucky to have the reputation that it does and have a ton of hungry students as customers because it sure is not welcoming or that good. I may go back but I am not going out of my way to beg them for their food anytime soon.This place is about knowing your neighbor. This place is about remembering to have a conversation with people and to slow down. If you are in a hurry, call ahead - but even then dont expect an immediate in and out. This place takes their time and gives you your time and money's worth. This is the kind of place my grandmother would have gone to. Going in is all part of the experience. The staff is lively and quirky and even a bit overwhelming but you leave feeling like you and your juicy, irresistible hot pastrami sandwich can take on the world. And you will eat every bite, even when you know you shouldn't. 
Oh and complementary samples and pickles to keep you coming for more. Im hooked.As a Penn student in the early 90's, I frequented this place.  I remember I would have to phone my order in ahead of time, wait in line and while waiting indulge on free munchies (cookies, brownies etc) while waiting for my order to be filled.  As a New Yorker, I never thought I would find a good old fashion Jewish Deli while studying away from home.  This place  will always be a favorite.The place is old and looked really unsanitary in my opinion but I ordered anyway to see what the hype was all about. I waited 30 mins for 2 sandwiches to be made. They were definitely too expensive for the quality of sandwich. Many more alternatives in the area that are priced more reasonably and are of higher quality.Soooo good, its small, its cramped, but soooo good!
They are not fast, they are not cheap, there is no where to sit and wait, they treat you like your a family member.  But when you eat their masterful sandwichs you and your heart sing.
They are every bit as good as katz deli in nyc but without the having to go to ny to get it. Plus you dont havecto pay bridge tolls, gas, parking, driving thru the morons or the extra $5 you'll pay for your food just for being in ny!
Extra hint: park at the cvs across the street and run over, street parking is rough to find.Holy sandwich!!  This place is amazing!!!  First off, it's a great experience!  Upon walking in for the first time, the owner asked if I had been there before...when I said no he proceeded to chat with my husband and I while putting together the sandwiches.  He was so friendly and fed us pickles and fresh deli slices while we waited.  He clearly prides himself in making amazing (and VERY LARGE) sandwiches!!  He showed us how he makes the sandwiches and we were both incredibly impressed!!  Then it only got better when I tried my reuben...it was fantastic!   I love reuben's and have tried so many before, so it takes a really great reuben to impress me.  I would say the only thing (not a downside, but something to just keep in mind) is that he preps everything fresh so it does take a little while for your sandwich to be made (anywhere from 5-15 minutes) but he is just so entertaining we didn't mind at all!!  I felt like for our gourmet sandwiches were well worth the wait and we had such a great time that we didn't mind at all!  I am so glad we live close by and plan to go back often!  
You must try this place!!Best biggest hoagies in west philly. They always give out free samples of the meat they are cutting. Super nice too.  Been going there since 1976. Get the hoagies with "everything ". U will never be disappointed.Quick stop on our way out of town. The Reuben was delicious. They don't skimp on the meat here. Would highly recommend. It does take a few minutes for the sandwiches as they slice the meat as they go but well worth the wait.Overrated and painfully slow. Ordered a sandwich for pickup, an hour later, it wasn't ready and had to stand around for 30 minutes while he made other sandwiches before making mine. If you have all day to stand around waiting for a subpar hoagie, go for it.
Also, I know people who tried to have Koch's cater a work event and they were three hours late. Effectively, missing the event entirely. Who even does that?Koch's is cool and quirky mixed together. Some people have noted you have to wait a little for your made-to-order (including the slicing of the meats and cheeses) sandwich.  You do.  Is that the end of the world?.  If you have a class to get to in 5 minutes or you're about to deliver a baby, don't stop here.  But if you can chill a bit, you'll be rewarded with personable service, some free samples, and a  healthy-sized sandwich as rewards. Quality of meats is excellent and the menu is large enough to accommodate your taste craving of the day.  And the old, slightly ramshackle look inside - well, that's just because it's Koch's.It's 11/23/2015.  Approx. 7 days since I had this sandwhich...and I am still thinking about it.   Go...Go and try it before it's tooo late!I had to give Koch's Deli five stars because it is the ONLY deli I go to in Philadelphia when I want a deli sandwich, specifically a corned beef special, which  is H-U-G-E and always delicious! 
And the service is incredibly friendly.  Every time I go, it seems that the folks there are always in a friendly dialogue with a customer. 
During this visit, while a customer was being waited on in front of me, the man serving him -- I'm so sorry that I forgot his name! :-( -- offered me a slice of pickle.  So cool.  Since I'd called ahead (which I strongly recommend), he knew my name and called it out to be sure it was me.  
When it was my turn, he recommended a "half pastrami" sandwich, which he made for me to taste.  O-M-G!  It was SO delicious that it made me dance.  (I dance when I'm eating really good food.)  The sandwich includes pastrami, cheese (swiss?) and deli mustard.  So simple, yet so delicious.  When he saw how much I was enjoying the half pastrami sandwich, he took a picture of me eating it for their Facebook page.  
You must have the deli mustard.  It totally makes the sandwich.  When I told him how much I enjoyed the mustard in that sandwich, he gave me a bit of the mustard to take with me.
In the end, Koch's Deli is more than a destination stop when in Philadelphia.  It's an experience.  What are you waiting for?  Go!Although I like that the sandwiches are bigger than your head and they are certainly delicious, I find this place gets slightly more esteem than it deserves.  It's certainly good but essentially a deli - no more magically than any other I've seen.  
I will say I find the people that work there friendly and helpful.  Lunchtime brings a big crowd so be prepared to wait a bit.  The line moves fast and you'll be rewarded with a huge sandwich for a completely reasonable price.  I only wish there was a place to sit after purchasing - even if only a few more tables outside.I had the "Restaurant School" hoagie with spicey provolone and Russian dressing- Pretty outstanding. I have to give it 4 rather than 5 stars because the wait was about 45 minutes.Stopped there for lunch. The sandwich (restaurant school special) was pretty good, but the wait was a looong one. Our server wasn't the nicest also.The absolute best. Period. I have never had a sandwich like I had from Koch's in my life. They are large and extremely delicious. They have great specialty sandwiches, but if you want something simple they can make that too. Heck, they'll make you anything you want. Eat Koch's and enjoy. Your arteries won't forget it, and you won't regret it.Oh, Koch's Deli... Your awesomeness has induced me to stop being a yelp stalker and to actually write a review.  The sandwiches are huge and delicious. I ordered a couple of Italian sandwiches to take along on a hike the following day, and they were loaded with tasty fresh-sliced meat and cheese with a generous portion of hot peppers. During the course of the sandwiches being built I spoke to the 2 guys behind the counter about the other sandwiches on the menu and there are some pretty unique and amazing-sounding options on there. During the 25 minutes or so that I was in there waiting while they made my sandwiches and some from phone-in orders (yes it takes a while, but they slice the meat and cheese fresh for every order), I must have been fed well over half a pound of various meats and cheeses and each was more delicious than the last. The spiced beef and the hot corned beef (served with some oil and spices and a side of deli mustard) were outrageously good. 
If you're in a desperate situation and NEED a sandwich in under 20 minutes or you will spontaneously combust, you probably want to go somewhere else. But if you have some time to kill chatting with the friendly and helpful staff, and if you enjoy tasty snacks slapped onto deli paper on the counter in front of you, then this place is kickass.Awesome.  There really is nothing more to say.
Make sure you go if you are in Philadelphia, take my car if necessary.Came back less than a week later to try the hot pastrami sandwich. INCREDIBLE. While I waited, I got to try some turkey, roast beef (the BEST I've ever tasted in my life), pastrami, swiss cheese, and pickles. LOVE this place!ZOMGZOMGZOMG! If you're a fan of Subway, you haven't had anything yet until you've tried Koch's. A real Jewish (not in the negative way) deli, they whip up arguably the BEST sandwiches east of the Mississippi.
What I Ordered: The past two nights for dinner I've ordered the "Restaurant School Special." It's a delicious sandwich featuring three different cuts of meat, a special pepper-jacky cheese, cole slaw, dressing, and choice of hoagie bread or rye bread. You can imagine why I've had it two nights in a row.
Verdict: 5 stars hands down. The BEST sandwich I've ever had in my life. Highly recommended. If you don't like it, I'll personally give you your money back.
P.S.: Order early and over the phone. Waiting at the shop requires a decent amount of patience. But for the patience, they usually pass out samples of cheese and meat. Either way, it's a win-win for you.If I could give Koch's Deli 10 stars I would. We came from Colorado to Jersey for vacation, and took a day trip to Philadelphia to do some sightseeing.  my friend had been to Koch's before but I haven't,  so he took me there, promising the best deli sandwich I have ever had. He was not wrong. From the moment we walked in, I knew it was going to be amazing. The man there was so welcoming, so nice and friendly. He handed out samples of everything and made a production out of it. I was so entertained that the length of time it took to make the sandwiches did not bother me. Weordered a turkey club on rye and it was huge, and delicious. It came with real deli pickles. I would recommend Koch's to anyone... it was amazing!Even if you order pick up - expect to wait at least 20 min...BUT Koch's makes up for it with really friendly service and free samples of their freshly sliced deli meats! They have me so many samples, I was almost too full to eat my sandwich by the time it came out.
Here comes another big BUT the sandwich looked so delicious, I had to dig in right away. I got the restaurant school special with Swiss instead of hot pepper cheese since I can't handle spicy. The variety of meats made each bite feel like it's own meal - that's how filling it was. And the double decker rye didn't make the sandwich feel to carb heavy at all. It's a lot of food though - I think most girls could probably eat one half for lunch and save the other half for later :)
Price is definitely worth it - plus I had a special 10% off grub hub deal so definitely look out for those!Haven't been to many delis so I don't really have anything as a comparison, but I really liked the food I had here.
My favorite part of the place is its obvious history - postcards and letters from regular patrons line the entire back wall, with some dating back to 1989 or before, and some written on a typewriter. It gives the place a special layer of meaning just reading letters all these people wrote to the family owners, while you wait for your sandwich to be toasted and made.
On the note of making sandwiches - it does take a while for the sandwiches to be made. A friend called in to order at 7:20, and we didn't get our food until 8:05, so definitely call ahead or be prepared to wait for a bit. Even though it was around 8 when we arrived, which is when Koch's closes, there were a bunch of people waiting inside the tiny deli for their food. The person making the sandwiches offered everyone waiting inside slices of pickles and even included a few with our order on the house, which was really really nice (I've also been craving pickles that day).
As for the sandwich itself (I ordered the hot pastrami), it was delightfully warm and had a simple but delicious filling of meat and cheese. The meat was cooked nicely, with the right amount of saltiness, and heated before sandwiched between the two soft slices of bread. I think the only thing about Koch's is that it's rather pricey and the portions aren't huge - I got the sandwich ($11.95) for dinner, finished the whole thing but was still kinda hungry after. It would make a really good lunch though, and the pickle makes for a great accompaniment for the sandwich.What a joke of a business. I waited nearly an hour and a half to get my sandwich...a sandwich folks. We aren't talking about beef Wellington. When it finally arrives the delivery guy pounds on my door instead of simply calling me (he had my number on the order), calls me a f$&@in faggot, throws my food at me, asks me if I want to fight? and tells me to never order again. I'm perplexed and unaccustomed to this rude and threatening behavior. I called the manager and asked to be refunded for my food. I mean come on! He simply insists that it wasn't HIS fault ARGUES with me and tells me he will only refund a portion and hangs up on me. Needless to say, I will not be ordering from Koch again. Oh and by the way the sandwich was gross.So, after waiting in traffic and driving here from the northeast we finally got to Koch's. The place is teeny tiny and there are only three chairs. We were greeted by a woman at the other end of the shop who took our orders.
The man slicing meat in the front put some pastrami and corned beef out which was kind of cool.  I ordered a corned beef special, the sandwich itself was pretty good, not as huge as some others I've had but still decent.
Now for why I gave it two stars. This place takes FOREVER to make a sandwich, apparently they are known for this!!! Who in their right mind would get a deli sandwich that took an hour and a half to make! It doesn't even need to cook!! There were 4 people behind the counter and it looked like only one was making the sandwiches. I heard the staff talking to each other about someone canceling their order because it was taking to0 long. This is an insane way to run a business and I'm not sure how they are still standing. The staff was nice enough but it shouldn't take an hour and a half to make a sandwich, not even the samples helped the matter. Also not only did it take forever to make but it was like $11 for my sandwich which is pricey to being with. Not sure how the college kids are affording it on campus. I hadn't eaten in preparation of coming here and by the time it took to make the sandwich I was not only starving but had a migraine.
Your corned beef isn't bad but sorry guys, never again.The corned beef sandwich is the SHIIIIIIET!  Also, while I was waiting for my food, the owner kept giving me samples of their best meats, macaroni salad and potatoes.  I was somewhat full by the time I got my order, but I still scarfed it all down in ten minutes because it was so perfectly moist and delicious and everything you can ever ask for in a sandwich.  Joey Tribbiani would give the thumbs up.I waited 27 minutes for hot brisket on rye... The brisket was pretty good but the service was frustratingly slow and the place is borderline dump.I thought Koch's Deli was pretty good for my first time.  My friend got the Rachel - Pastrami and Swiss Reuben, which was banging.  I got the Restaurant School Hoagie which was good cuz it had Russian Dressing, Cole Slaw, Honey Ham, and I forgot the other ingredients.  My hoagie costed $10 and so did my friend's Rachel sandwich as well.  No sitting since there are no chairs.  The wait was long so you should definitely call ahead of time.  Although the wait was long, the owner gave us free samples of turkey, roast beef, and pickles to commend our wait.  I will return when money isn't tight.This place is overpriced and not as great as they advertise. The owner is a real jerk. I tried on a whim while being in the area, told me it would take an hour and a half for two sandwiches. Okay fine I hear it's incredibly busy. I show up 1.5 hours later and there are two guys there other than that no one insight. There was a younger guy there and he was rude as can be gave me an attitude be everything with the owner standing right there. I was shocked. I ended up having to wait another 45 minutes. The owner didn't apologize at all instead with a smirk said I'll give you a discount next time.... like I would return after such terrible service. There's plenty of delis around with better service and sandwiches at that!Ordered a Reuben to be delivered. It took about 45 minutes but it was absolutely worth it. The driver was very nice, the order was correct, and the food was still very warm. Most importantly, the sandwich was amazing!I live down the street from Koch's.  I used to have to force myself to only go every other week so as not to gain too much weight.  
I think most of the reviews here are elegies to Bob Koch and his family.  Bob was one of those guys who just made the place.  You'd come in and he'd know your name after you'd been there a couple of times, he'd tell you an off-color joke and if you came in with your family, he'd hit on your mom (in the best possible way).
The sandwiches are legendary.  The size of small elephants.  You can get a sandwich and eat half for lunch and half for dinner with a nap in between.  I remember thinking that they were a little expensive (almost ten dollars for a sandwich) but when you hold the bag in your hands, you will understand why.  Size alone does not recommend a sandwich of course.  Koch's uses good meat and has a bewildering array of possible choices for your hoagie.  My favorites are the Restaurant School special and the Drexel.  
Since Bob passed away a couple of years ago, Koch's has been taken over by some guys who are working to keep it like the Koch's of old.  It isn't the same, but they are still handing out treats to keep you happy in line and the boss is trying to tell bad jokes.  Sure, I don't go in as often as I used to, but it is still a great place.seriously. we've lived here for almost a year and a half, and only recently decided to try this place out. now I have no idea why it took so long for us to try it. If you're looking for the full experience, go ahead and order when you get here. If you want to save time, call in our order and then just pick it up. 
For our first experience, it was awesome. While waiting for our order, we got all sorts of samples, and although I'd say we were very pleased with what we ordered, I think the next time I'm definitely ordering the hot pastrami. we sampled it while we were waiting and it was like mind-blowingly good. seriously. try it. you won't regret it.I love this place for a filling and fast lunch.  I always get tuna, so I have no real suggestions for the menu except to just come here and try it out.  I also love that I can get  nice hearty slices of pepper jack cheese on my sandwich! The customer service has always been great for me!  I do think that it is a tiny bit overpriced, but there is really no where else I would go around here for a good hoagie. Give it a try!Koch's has some pretty awesome sandwiches. If you like a regular sandwich, they got a nice selection of those. But for the more adventurous, they have some outrageous combo sandwiches. I really like their Restaurant School special. It has C\corned beef, honey turkey, brisket of beef, hot pepper cheese, cole slaw and Russian dressing or mustard on rye or hoagie roll. I suggest the Russian dressing and rye.
I like their macaroni salad too. And, they have some tasty cakes.
My main gripe is that it's not much more than a sandwich shop. I would really like it if they had some soup, which I find goes well with a sandwich, especially on a cold day.
But if you want a good sandwich and don't mind the limited side options, they have some real bangin, mouth poppin, awesome sauce sandwiches.If there is one thing I love it's a surly man handing me sliced meat samples while I wait for a sandwich to be made.  If there's another thing I love, it's a sandwich.  
At Koch's I can have both of those things.  WHAT A DEAL!  
Get Restaurant School Special (I think that's what it's called).  It is packed to the brim with fresh sliced turkey, salami, pastrami, and like 20 other meats and cheese that I can't remember right now.  Be sure to ask for the Russian dressing and then you gots a SANDWICH, SON!Oh my god. I love this place!!! Here's 5 reasons why: 
1. The employees are awesome.  I love walking in there and getting immediate attention. A simple hello is really all it takes to take a place from being pretty good to great. And they always ask why I don't come in more. 
2. I can't eat there more often because if I did, I would be huge.  Their sandwiches are GIGANTIC! It's basically two sandwiches in one.
3. While you're waiting, they love to give out free samples of whatever they happen to be cutting up at the time. 
4. They always give out extra pickles.
5. Horseradish cheddar cheese- enough said.I recently moved to the University City/Spruce Hill area, and Koch's was one of the top places I needed to try in the neighborhood. I grew up with great NY-style deli, and Koch's is a contender for best deli in my heart. I ordered a Honey Turkey hoagie with LTO and cheddar cheese. The meat and cheese is quality and sliced to order. Everything is fresh, and the pickles are fantastic. The only downside is it can get a little pricey (I paid $10.50 for the hoagie only, but I usually eat it in two sittings) when adding extras, but you get what you pay for. 
I have only ordered in person, and I usually bring it home to eat. Overall, I've had a good experience. The staff is nice and accommodating. Koch's is delicious and worth every penny.If you are looking for a great sandwich, come here! The owner is very nice and will give you samples of meat and pickles which he's making your sandwich. The sandwiches run about $10 but they are HUGE. The service is slow. Be prepared to wait about 30 minutes for a sandwich or call ahead. I felt like the wait went by very quickly because the staff talk to you and you are never just silently waiting. The meat is of excellent quality. Best Reuben I have ever had.Best Jewish-themed deli I've been to which says something from someone raised in Los Angeles and has family in NYC. The owner is a character, the meat quality is second to none, and you will leave full and with a smile on your face. Guaranteed. For a city with great food, this place stands out amongst the rest.Ordered my restaurant school special on laying on the couch. 
PROS: The rep was very pleasant over the phone. Delivery was very quick. I'm assuming time was on my side due to the hour in which I was ordering. For 19bones, I would have to give this tasty succulent sandwich all of its glorious 4stars! Half the sandwich, a spear pickle and a bag of kettle chips will make you go to the second hole on your belt buckle!! I'll have to save the other half for later. 
CONS: I assumed the sandwich would be warm. My fault for not asking. $19will keep me from ordering delivery. 
Kudos to the very first sandwich I've tried in philly, let's just hope the next one tops this ! NOMNOMNOMNOMAbout 4-5 years ago, a person I knew got their sandwich from Koch's.
I used to be so annoyed by the waiting time, and the lack of places to sit while waiting for your order. I did like how they got down to business with a order placed. 
The final outcome was a large-filling sandwich, with a long wait, lack of seating, and semi-attentive staff.
I haven't been back in a long time due to the fact that I'm not in the area as much and I don't have a craving for their food. It's an aiight sandwich shop to be fair.Amazing deli. Poke your head in and collect some free samples and pickles. Pick what tasty meat you want and leave with the biggest, meatiest, tastiest sandwich ever.Great deli! Sandwich was loaded with high quality meats and dressed up as very classic sandwich. The guys working were polite and grateful. I was not sure what I was walking into given the storefront but it was everything I hoped for and more. I ordered the Jewish Hoagie, which has Corned Beef, Pastrami, Spiced Beef, Kosher Salami, and American Cheese. I'll be back next time I'm in Philly and I'd recommend you do the same.This place is a complete rip off. Every single item costs extra. Basically you end up with a 20 dollar sandwich to get something like the one seen in the pic. The rye bread I had was also stale.Miss this place so much.  When the lines get long (not uncommon), they'll pass around slices of meat and cheese to those waiting.  Wax paper with meat and cheese, moving through the line.  Some people might scoff at the apparent unsanitary-ness of this, but I find it genius.This was my first (and probably last) time here. I read really good reviews in the Daily Pennsylvanian newspaper so I had high expectations. There were 5 people ahead of me in line, but it still took 50 minutes from the time I walked in to when I got my hoagie. I waited it out because the reviews were so good, but frankly, I was rather disappointed. I don't understand why a cold sandwich took 50 minutes to make, and while the hoagie was good, it wasn't worth the wait. The deli also didn't seem very clean.When I visited my boyfriend in college (he went to Penn), I made him take me here each time.
Now that I live in Philly, I'm pleased as punch to have Koch's whenever I want!
Expect: service with attitude, 4 inches tall sandwiches, and a full bellyWe throughly enjoyed our stop into Koch's Deli. Ezra welcomed us with a variety of freshly sliced deli meats, pickles, and jokes as we waited. Neighborhood locals socially chatted with us. The sandwiches are prepared freshly, and are SO good. The experience was a true deli experience! I highly recommend you stop by.I lost my Koch's virginity today. 
My Koch's virginity persisted despite my roomie (Kevin S) giving it a 5 star in December. I have always biked past this place without a second glance.  Granted it has an assuming exterior, but once inside you are transported back in time to a piece of West Philly history.
Following a softball game victory, we ended up here on suggestion of one of our teammates.
First, if you can, make sure you call in advance. My friend had the hookup and they greased the preparation so our sandwich would come in 30 minutes and not 45 minutes.
The wait is pretty entertaining though. I had the counterman banter with me about my Koch virginity, the California Governor (lots of Arnie accented quotes), and kept calling for me to take samples of pastrami, garlic cheese and pickles (And as a grad student, free food is always high on my menu).
Once the sandwich came, I was impressed by how much it had packed in it. The Honey  Turkey club sandwich was packed with turkey, lettuce, tomatoes.....just a sandwich galore!
And just like the first time, you want it again and again-same applies to Koch's in the future for me. And Koch's at least will not cost you a first or second date and blown money on flowers/chocolates etc.  Just $10 bucks and you are in sandwich ecstasy.This place used to be great when the last Koch brother Bobby Koch was alive.  Now it has turned into every other takeout place in this neighborhood.  There used to be no delivery and they should keep it that way.  I mistakenly ordered deliver from this place thinking I wouldn't have to wait in a long line(which is crazy that there is still a long line at this place).  They told me 45 minutes, when they could have just told be it would actually take 1 hour and 33 minutes. Over twice as long.  Not sure what the new owners are doing but beware this place also skimps out. They no longer make Bobby Koch sized hoagies anymore they are just the same as everywhere else now so please don't waste your time or double the money to go to this very poorly run establishment.Koch's is the best, they gave me a cookie in my birthday. It's not a "fast food" place, this is a real deal deli. If you've got the time and want a really great sandwich with top notch ingredients, Koch's is the best place in Philly. Maybe... The world!Another stop on my journey of visiting my old Penn haunts.  I didn't go to Koch's that frequently in school, it's funny how 43rd and Locust seemed kind of far away back then.  Anyway, I was coming back from some meetings and needed to eat.  I love that I could park at the CVS lot across the street.  It was around 2, and super busy, but still waited around 40 minutes for my sandwich.  Calling ahead is key, although a few people that did call seemed like they were waiting a long time too.  
I went with an Italian hoagie because that's my go to sandwich, and I was kind of disappointed.  I think Primo's is better.  It's totally possible I ordered the wrong thing because Koch's or more known for its creative sandwiches.  The hoagie was huge to the point that it was difficult to eat, and there were too many onion layers.  I do appreciate that they cut lettuce, tomato, onion right there while you're waiting.  I won't be rushing back, but its a good University City option for a big sandwich.  Oh, and they take level up, in fact the owner loves it.The best sandwich I've had at Koch's Deli was the Hot Pastrami.
Other sandwiches I've tried which are not bad: Corned beef special, Reuben, Chicken salad.
I would not recommend the Chopped liver here -- it was not as good, fresh, flavourful as I'd like.  Whitefish salad was okay, but it was extremely salty.
The potato salad & macaroni salad are pretty standard, nothing special. Cole slaw was fine.
Service could use improvement.  Delivery was quite late (half an hour) although I'd put in a large order about a week in advance.Love this place!  Great sandwiches and very friendly/ polite staff.  Ordered online and picked up a Reuben and the Restaurant School Special...best sandwiches ever.  Give them a try...