Went here once and had a fun time. A new alternate for a place to go dancing. I like places that have 2 floors or 2 rooms - multiple places to go with different vibes. It was way too light downstairs for a bar. Upstairs dancing was good. Had a DJ. And with 3 bars, I got served pretty quickly. Drinks were slightly on the expensive side.
The crowd was good - you have to be up for dancing. General dress was slightly dressy. Most girls in skirts and dresses. Guys in jeans, loafers and button downs.
The worst part was waiting on line. The place was not crowded and they made us wait outside for 5 minutes. They wanted to play up their image for sure.
And inside - they tried to pretend upstairs was exclusive and then they let two guys go up in front of us and we just pretended we knew them and ran up. By the end, the whole bar was upstairs. When we got bored of the upstairs we went down and it was a ghost town at 1 am. Dont know why everyone bounced so early.I went to Kokopelli after getting a coupon on Rue La La. 
We ordered:
-fried calamari/shrimp
-tuna tatar-eque thing 
-spring mix salad
-stewed green chicken chili
-bbq chicken tamale
-chorizo mac n cheese
-corn fritters
Almost everything we ordered was eh and didn't have much depth of flavor. The two stand-outs were the chili chicken and the chorizo mac n cheese. 
Given our coupon and the very low price I paid for this, I'd probably have to say I had a 4 star experience. But given the actual menu prices, its definitely only a 3. 
Unless their menu changes or the prices drop a lot, I probably won't go back.First thing I'll say is "Take the reviews with a grain of salt."   I have learned the best way to see if you really like a place is to check it out during a happy hour, if you are remotely impressed then come back for a legit meal
My first visit to Kokopelli was during a HH on Thursday.  The resturant was empty and the bartender was taking a smoke break (hmmm), which meant we had to wait for about 10 mins before we got any service.  Boy was the wait worth it!  The margarittas were made to perfection.  I have a tolerance level of a  retired sailor, and after two of those margaritta, lets just say  I was doing the moonwalk with Michael Jackson.   We tried a few appetizers (corn fritters, some chicken dish) both were really good.
My next visit came as a result of a Groupon deal.  $40 for a 5 course meal for 2.  What a great deal.  The service was slower than molasses however all of the 5 dishes were pretty good.  My least fave was the main course but that could have  been due to the fact I was somewhat full from the 3 previous dishes.
I say give this place a chance when the stakes arent too high.  Find a coupon, Groupon, or just visit during Happy Hour.  Trust me you will find something you like!We went here on Friday night and I thought the food was good but after reading the other yelp reviews it looks like I ordered the foods that everybody else liked service was extremely slow and the crowd was insane lol but what can you expect from a tequila bar??I just went to Kokopelli tonight for dinner. I had a gift certificate so luckily I didn't have to worry about the prices. On the plus side, the restaurant was remodeled and had a romantic atmosphere. Unfortunately the waiter told us that about 5 selections weren't available for dinner. When I asked him why he said that the food wasn't up to their standards so they weren't serving certain fish and shortribs. I thought that was an odd answer since it was early in the evening in the middle of the week. We ordered mussels and for the price there was only about 8 of them! For dinner we ordered the pork chop and strip steak. The food was good but the prices were outrageous. The best part was the Kokopelli martini which was strong and tasted really good. I would not return again unless I went to the happy hour which had half price appetizers and drinks. The food was fairly decent but if I didn't have a gift certificate I would have felt that I was being ripped off. Bring lots of money and expect to come out with a big check! Nothing really stood out as far as the food was concerned.I really want to see this place make it!  Met the chef.  This is her first restaurant in the northeast.  The menu theme is southwestern tapas style.  Each dish has a unique set of flavors.
Southwest corn bisque- worth trying.  Nice medley of flavors and a prawn.
Grilled Caesar- why not? though nothing extraordinary it was good.
Garlic chili glazed prawns- good spice
babyback ribs- house-made sweet bbq sauce was good, though I would ask for the house made hot sauce to accompany it.
Braised beef tamale- You can't call yourself southwest tapas without this!
Sweet potato fries and haricot vert (2 dishes) are worth exploring
The truth is, I ate there a few weeks ago and just haven't had a chance to Yelp about it.  It is a testament to its quality that I am taking the time to do it now, but also must forgive my lack of detail.  Just go there and see for yourself!UPSTAIRS LOUNGE REVIEW:
Both times I've been here I've only hung out upstairs in the lounge area and both times had a great time. There's plenty of dance floor space and the music is very dance-inducing. 
This place definitely needs a good promoter to get it poppin and develop this place to its full potential. The type of people that come here are cool and the drinks are solid. Come and enjoy!I have dined here twice. Once when it first opened with Chef Gina Rodriguez, and the other time during Sips. Let's talk about my first experience back in Jan '11. They were first starting out, so the remnants of the previous sushi place were still around. It was a Southwestern Tapas place with purple neon lighting! I think that was the only thing that bothered me because the food was incredible! We were a table of four (including one vegetarian), so we ordered the whole left side which had all seafood/veggie options. We tasted an ahi tuna appetizer, tamales, shrimp, and all things from the sea. Delicious from the start to end! Service was great since there were only a few tables that were seated, and the chef even stopped by to say hi. Definitely made me want to come back!
Which I did, but probably at the wrong time. Fast forward to today at Sips. New chef, new lighting (thank goodness that neon bright-in-your-face lighting was gone!), and crowds. There were people everywhere, especially the bar area. The whole back dining area was filled to capacity which made it a lively atmosphere, but it was hard to talk to the people who I was with. They were literally millimeters away, yet we had to keep repeating ourself to make out what the other was saying! Service stretched itself thin since our server was taking and delivering orders for everyone in this area. She did get our orders right, but somehow the food was lacking in taste and the presentation that delighted me months back. The menu is not tapas-style anymore, but we were able to try the (plaintain) chips and trio of salsas, ahi tuna crudo, and the crab and cheese dip. The crab and cheese dip was memorable, but they only give you 5 quarter-sized pieces of bread. Note: They charge an extra $1.50 for more quarter-sized bread! 
I might try it again. Hoping for a better experience!REVIEW FOR NIGHTLIFE:
I first went to Kokopelli for an Elite event, and I'm happy I returned to check it out again.  I went on a Saturday night, and while it was a little empty (probably because it's still fairly new and could use a few promoters) me and my friends had a decent time.  
I really enjoy the music at Kokopelli because they play a little bit of everything (hip hop, house, oldies, pop, electro, etc.).  Basically, the DJ will play anything to keep the people dancing, so that's always a good thing.
The crowd here is not pretentious at all, everyone just wants to have a good time.   Even if you can't do anything more than a two-step or a fist pump, you won't look like a complete fool.  I even found a few grannies (age 60+) gettin down!
I really enjoy the layout of this place.  There's a small lounge area to your left when you walk in, two bars at each end of the large dance area, and more seating along the dance floor.  Any place with ample seating where you don't have to pay an arm and a leg for bottle service just to rest your feet is a big plus for me (and my ladies who like to where 5" heels).  
All in all, Kokopelli is a chill spot to get wasted and DANCE the night away.So disappointing.  NOT WORTH YOUR TIME AT ALL. 
I came here with my friends for my birthday. We had horrible service -- waited over 20 mins for our waitress to take our drink orders -- no it was not busy, and she was MIA for most of the rest of the meal. The tapas portions were beyond ridiculous -- tapas are at least enough to serve 1 person -- as an example we ordered multiple plates for myself and 3 friends to share for dinner, and one of them was the shrimp tamale -- that's right it was 1 tamale on a plate between 4 people...and it was 10$. The food itself was bland and to top it off when we got the bill it was way way overpriced for what we ordered...borderline hilarious. NEVER AGAIN will i go there. EVER. I was actually embarrassed that I had suggested we go here for my birthday.  I would definitely suggest other mexican food places over this one. 
One of the worst restuarunt experiences that I've had...and I waited tables so I'm usually more understanding of a resturaunt and the waitstaff and other circumstances...The food here is fine, but the service was so annoying that I don't think I could go back. Plenty of other places have good tapas but dont have the hovering, incessantly interrupting, absurd service.  My friend and I went on a non crowded wed. evening for dinner. At first the server seemed attentive and helpful, but it soon devolved into an almost laughable experience with probably 30 visits to the table asking if things we ok, how was the food, topping off water with an eye dropper, asking 3 different times if we were still working on a dish, sending someone over in the middle of eating to scrape crumbs, and when we told him he could come back in a minute when we were actually done eating, she sent him back over to finish the job. managers came over, other servers, bus boys and we were barraged all night on intervals of every 5 minutes, which is not an exaggeration.  
 They seem to not be able to read their customer's cues and seem very insecure, and we both felt really stressed and annoyed with it and by the end of the night, it was the entire topic of conversation.  couldnt even remember the food because the service became THE defining feature of this restaurant, instead of blending seamlessly into the background so we could actually enjoy the ambiance and food.My girlfriend and I were excited for a great dinner at Kokopelli after reading the recent reviews and looking over the restaurant's website.  Sadly, the restaurant stopped serving at 10pm.  When we first walked in, I was expecting a higher end themed Hispanic influenced Tapas style restaurant (something along the lines of one of Jose Garces many successful restaurants).  We instead found a restaurant bumping house-style music lit up with cheesy fluorescent lighting.
We ended up going elsewhere for dinner and coming back to check out the upstairs "club".  The music the DJ was spinning was good but no one was dancing, the decor of the club was poor (almost as if they ran out of money trying to finish the place up), and the environment turned into our entertainment for the night (watching the mishmash of clientele and laughing at what the owner initially had envisioned for his upstairs club).
Overall it seems like Kokopelli has panicked.  While I'm only going off my personal impressions, it seems like the original vibe of the restaurant didn't catch on as quickly as the owner hoped and he scrambled to change things around to bring in more (and a completely different) crowd.
With patience and staying true to it's original finer dining tapas style restaurant and tequila bar, this restaurant could have had a chance to be a success.  With this new formula... not so much.  I'm not even sure where they really serve food.  I only saw a small downstairs area for seating mainly focused around a bar that belongs in cheesy club.
I hoping to try again on a weeknight and get a chance to have dinner and have my opinion of this restaurant changed.  Until then...
Overall: 2 starsA random day drinking endeavor led me to Kokopelli . It was early in the afternoon, my friends and I sat at the downstairs bar and ordered flights . The bartender was really friendly, helpful and gave us a couple of free shots. He wasn't too familiar with the tequilas they offered but he  did adequately warn us by saying he was not a tequila connoisseur . I appreciate the warning but if you work at a tequila bar you should know your tequilas or at least be knowledgeable about the  popular  brands . We tried new tequilas, hung out there for hours and had a great time. 
A couple of weeks later I found myself back here on a Saturday night. They charged a cover which always annoys me. You aren't hosting a dj & you aren't throwing a special event so what's the cover for? Didn't realize I had to pay to drink which I can do pretty much anywhere . The door man was nice and gave us a free drink coupon (+1).  When we went to redeem the coupon learned that it was only good for some weird punch looking drink and the bartender had no idea what was in it. Uhm no thanks (-1) . When I asked for a shot of 1800, the bartender mentioned something about being out of a lot of tequilas because the downstairs has bar has most of them  but not the upstairs bar. Isn't this the same Restaurant ? Don't you restock ? 
The place was somewhat empty for a Saturday night. The dj played good music and  lots of people were shaking on kokopelli's pretty big dance floor . Overall this place is fine but has potential to be great. Hire a promoter , stock your bar, educate your staff and continue with the dance party theme .TEKELA.
tequila.
there we go. by the time you leave, you'll be too drunk off of 6 different types of tequila to care much anyhow. but your stomach won't ache because you'll eat plantain fries to coat your mucosa.I really wanted to like this place.
There's potential there- some solid cooking and a few interesting combinations- but my main complaint is a lack of adventurousness or inventiveness in the menu. Kokopelli has the opportunity to become a destination restaurant for the neighborhood- something different from the steakhouses and generic "fine" dining spots in Rittenhouse- but hasn't yet figured out what it wants to be when it grows up.
First impressions: the decor is too standard. Padded booths are easily stained (believe it), and the muted colors and lighting were a bit too muted. The effect puts you to sleep. The bead curtains are nice for creating a little atmosphere, but there ought to be something interesting to focus on in the room, some sign of character. Our server was friendly, attentive, and totally professional. I have no complaints about the efficiency of the service or the speed at which our food arrived. 
Drinks: it's a tequila bar, so I went with the margarita at our server's advice. I wasn't up to a tequila flight, though on another night I'd love to try it. I was surprised at the relatively sparse and short drinks menu- only four or five signature cocktails? The margarita was refreshing and well-made, but utterly unassuming. I've had punchier, more memorable margaritas elsewhere. 
Appetizers: this was the boldest section on the menu. Loved the idea of the chicken simmered in green chilies over cornbread, loved the presentation of the yucca chips (a crisp mini paper bag, natch) and trio of dipping sauces. Unfortunately, the calamari fried in "blue corn" was lackluster- the breading slid off entirely and congealed in the bottom of the bowl, and the sole shrimp was obviously once frozen, not fresh. The cranberry dipping sauce was excellent. Good flavors, but they need to re-think the presentation or the process somehow. 
Entree: in hindsight, I would have skipped the "entree" portion and just ordered several of the more interesting appetizers or tamales (there's a small section devoted to just that). The list of entrees was fairly large, but unfortunately it read like a standard cast of characters from other restaurants. There's the NY strip, the filet, the hangar steak, the chicken, the tilapia, the salmon, the scallops. It's a bit Fine Dining 101, all the supposedly 'necessary' elements are there, but I was looking for some innovation, some freshness. When your focus is tequila, I feel like you're looking for some bold flavors, colors, textures in the menu, otherwise the intense flavors of the tequila are competing against basically nothing. I'm not asking for a stereotypical "Mexican" menu at all, but something that brings fresh flavors and unexpected combinations into the spotlight. Does every restaurant at this price point need to have a filet? (And I know that the 'comfort food' movement is in full swing, but why exactly does a "Southwestern" tequila restaurant need a wet, Carolina-style baby back rib with mac and cheese?)
I will praise the slow-cooked chili-spiced short ribs, which were delicious, slightly tangy, and dissolved in my mouth. Fingerling potatoes with chorizo were slightly undercooked, and the flavor of the chorizo wasn't as present and spicy as you'd think, for there being actual chorizo in it! The mixed seafood grill was accompanied, oddly, by corn- an unusual pairing, as the strong flavor of stewed corn tends to overwhelm more delicate tastes like scallop. But on the plus side, everything was perfectly cooked. The orange sweet and sour sauce on the shrimp was also a treat. 
Desserts were similarly standard- chocolate cake, two kinds of "ice cream sandwiches" (read: layers of a cakelike brownie) with vanilla or chocolate, and flan. Nothing unexpected, nothing fresh, no fruit, nothing regional or local in approach. 
In the end, we had a decent meal with time for good conversation and plenty of fun, but I was left with one thought: I could've had this meal anywhere, and I could've had a better one elsewhere. Not the best response, from their perspective. I'd like to see Kokopelli find their real groove: to figure out exactly what it is they'd like to do, and to do it better than anybody else. I wish them the best, but I won't be back unless there's a serious menu re-vamp.
And maybe a little art on the walls, just saying.Really nice decor, laid back ambiance, good music.  Great staff.  They were really knowledgeable about the food preparation, drinks, and gave great recommendations.  We had the Strip Steak with Pasilla sauce, and the Blackened chicken with mango salsa (which wasn't too sweet like most places and had just the right amount of spiciness to compliment the chicken.  If you like margaritas, or tequila, they have a good selection. Everything tasted delicious, and I can't wait to go back.Came by here for a small dinner before heading down the block for a meeting. The atmosphere was nice and chic and the service was prompt and friendly. The only concern that I encountered was when my waitress asked if I wanted extra bread for the broth mussels that I ordered, and thinking that was very kind of her, I accepted. Later to find out that she charged me $1.50 for it. I guess I at least expected for her to let me know that I will be charged, not that it would change whether I wanted it or not. 
We decided to order a few things to share.
The breading to the Corn Fried Calamari was falling off the calamari, which made it feel like I was eating the calamari, with a side of breading. Unfortunately, the breading was not the best. This continued through to the Cornish Hen with the same unappealing breading. We had to scrape off the breading to enjoy the hen, which was a tad dry for my taste.
The Mussels however was inconsistent. The first one we ordered was dry, smaller and still had a good amount of sand in some. It was however placed very neatly and it appealed to the eyes. It came with 2 slices of buttered, toasted bread (the same bread that they offered and charged me for). The broth of the mussels were pretty decent, therefore leading us to order another batch. The second batch was more plump, juicy and did not have the sand as the first, however not placed the same way the first one was. It was just piled on. I guess they had too much time on their hands when they received the first order. 
We also ordered the buffalo sliders, where the bread overwhelmed the meat. It held together just enough for the two bites it took for me to consume it. We also opted for the Shrimp filled Pequillo Peppers. At $8 I expected something a bit more than 2 mouth sized peppers. In addition the way it's cooked is fairly mushy and didn't have a good consistency. 
I think this restaurant has good potential, should they spend a little more time on making the food better. It was not horrible, but it needed to be better, especially for the location it's in. Hopefully they do so soon, because I'll be around this neighborhood quite often now.I cannot review Kokopelli since my reservation was cancelled due to a mix-up with their license with the city.  I'll let you know once they call me (like the host said they would) to reschedule my reservation.
Best of luck Kokopelli working through all the paper work with the city.
Can't wait to try your tequila - I'd love to love you and bring more business in.I returned Kokopelli for a second meal and am sad to say it will most likely be my last. The food is still great, but unfortunately the suffocating, and at times perplexing, service was enough of a turn-off to not want to go back.
Upon arriving, my date and I were seated directly next to another twosome. Not something that would bother me, except for the fact that the entire restaurant was empty, and at max one group came throughout the meal. I was RIGHT next to another person, close enough to accidentally touch their table or arm. Why would the hostess EVER seat us there?
The waitresses (who was even our waitress? who knows. so many random people constantly coming and going it was impossible to tell) were overbearing and way too talkative. They pressured us to order more, constantly asked if we wanted more to eat, and really did nothing positive. 
We brought a $50 food certificate that we had purchased online for $25. I'm sure they sell a lot of these (several hundred at least), but when I went to use it to pay I was greeted with what only could be called rudeness. The waitress seemed confused and, honestly, annoyed. I was still planning on tipping on the full amount, as I always do with these sorts of certificates, so there really is NO reason for her to be disrespectful about my using it. It took forever for her to return with the check, which came with yet another passive-aggressive rude statement about using the certificate
In the end, I really am sad at how horrendous the entire service experience was. Still, the food is great. I can only hope that the chef/owner figures out how awful their hired help is fix it fast, before it leads to the demise of the restaurant.Got a groupon for the tasting menu
They are OUT OF BUSINESS effective 12/1. Yeah a day after a groupon went out.I finally had a chance to dine at Kokopelli, outside the parlance of a Yelp Elite Event and it was pretty good.
A few of us came here after the inaugural sips across the street.  It was a hot evening and we were in need of AC and then food, in that order.
I began with a glass of cabernet and the table ordered the corn fritters, buffalo sliders and the chorizo mac and cheese.
Corn fritters were fried at a good temperature that left them light and flavorful.  They were served with a tomato soup-esque dipping sauce which I liked.  The bison sliders were the best of show in my opinoin because each part of the sandwich, (burger, cheese, pickle and bun) all came together very well.  The slider was cooked perfectly and had lots of flavor.  The chorizo mac and cheese while tasty did not thrill me.  The first two items alone make me want to go back and sample more of the menu.
Our waiter was prompt and very pleasant.  I see Kokopelli as a place that flies under the radar a bit but where you can walk in for a rather decent meal at a very fair price.In the spirit of trying new places we stumbled upon Kokopelli for linner ( yes that's right linner ) we did a wine class and I was a bit hungry after downing some  great bubbly. We decided to just go and see what all the fuss was about. We arrived around 4:45 it was DEAD only one other table and they were obnoxiously wasted at this time... we decided to  start with a few small plates to see how full we got ... the thing with tapas is you can always over order and then you feel obligated to stuff yourself to capacity... The food-plantain chips and trio of sauces amazingly crisp the sweet salsa was my favorite the guacamole was just blah ive had better check out el vez for the real deal I forgot to request my free margarita but since I had so much to drink already I opted to stay away from the tequila. My beau  wanted a brew and he was hoping for a beer he hadn't tried before ... ( beer list isn't that great) but since Modelo is like the Miller Lite of Mexican Beer he just decided on Sierra Nevada ...we got the jumbo prawns very good if you like spice and sweet doing a dance in your mouth. The potatoes were really good they may have been tossed in some kind of lemon vinaigrette but the were excellent. In addition we got the bison sliders and a tequila flight. We decided we would just chill and sip our drinks and chat .. our server was MIA for like 30 min luckily they had a food runner and someone else available to bring us the check when we were ready to head out. Just because the restaurant isn't busy doesn't mean the servers should pretend to be Houdini .My visit to Kokopelli really starts at Triumph in the Old City.  Actually, this isn't correct.  I guess it really starts at Swanky Bubbles.  That place is awful---see my review.
Anyway, here is the point: after finishing with terrible "sushi", I retrieved a buddy I'd abandoned to a bunch of psychology PhD students at Triumph, along with the other person---a psychologist herself---my sweetie and I had been planning to meet for Yelp's cocktail week.
Kokopelli's not too far from home and was having a deal on margaritas, so it seemed pretty much impossible to pass up.  The margaritas were, as it turns out, really solid.  Moreover, unlike El Camino, these actually had some non-trivial amount of Tequila in them.
After a few cheap cocktails, the friends were definitely well past the point of just a little tipsy and on to some food.  Since I was hungry as well, we split the buffalo sliders.  If this seems a bit gimmicky, it is, but they were appropriately greasy and salty, and---here is the pleasant surprise---not massively overcooked.
The bottom line: I guided the totally blotto (a "cheap drunk" in his own words) party home and was generally pretty pleased with my Yelp cocktial week adventure.  Not sure I'd actually go for dinner and didn't bother trying to dance, but can't really say I didn't have fun.Sorry to say that this restaurant , while pleasant to visit, and with excellent  service, had the blandest food I have ever had outside my mother's fifties kitchen. The chicken  "green chile" appetizer had a nice amount of white meat chicken in a creamy white sauce which may have had a hint of cheese but NO trace of green or red chile of any kind.  The salsas which accompanied the plantain and yucca chips were similarly bland. (One might think a bland salsa is a contradiction in terms.)  I had the "bronzed" salmon, which was, again, a nice and generous piece of salmon, with an indistinguishable flavor and a way overcooked tomato zucchini accompaniment.  My husband had the steak, a pleasant nicely grilled piece of steak, with nothing to distinguish it from a home grilled steak with nothing added.  During the first course I almost asked for hot sauce, but it just seemed rude to do so.  Should have.  There is tastier food at Chile's.  Perhaps the tequila makes it all worth while, but we are too old for tequila.I only tried one of their small plates--the mac&cheese. It was just OK. I can't speak for any other food.
THE REAL DEAL is the specialty drinks menu. The Kokopelli margarita was smooth, yet strong; definitely not just sour mix and juice. The blood orange martini was sooo sweet and smooth, but super strong. I suggest getting it not on the rocks. You really only need two drinks here to feel nice.
I loved the ambiance, too. Even in DC, I've yet to see an upscale tequila bar. I'll definitely stop in whenever I'm in central Philly.
One word of advice: Don't come expecting anything to be cheap. A little on the pricier side, but well worth doling out the dough.I had come here for a pre-Valentines dinner, and walked away with a mediocre experience.  I recall our server being very eager and anxious to please which was great, but a bit overbearing since we were one of two tables in the whole place. The tapas were hit or miss with what we ordered. The tequila flights were pricey but made sense to do at a tequila bar.  All in all, I wasn't wowed and didn't think I would be returning until...
For the finale of my birthday night out, all I wanted to do was dance. And I didn't want to deal with a crowded dancefloor, being surrounded by grinding couples, or long lines to take a round of shots before the next great song played.  I know its selfish, but I almost wanted an entire dancefloor to ourselves for my friends and I to act like crazy dancing fools without any weird looks or ridicule. I was skeptical when my friend suggested this place and unaware that there was even a dance floor, but the Upstairs Lounge at Kokopelli did not disappoint for my birthday mission!. 
It was a Saturday night, so I was surprised how empty it was, but perhaps still being a new-ish place on the scene they haven't attracted many yet.  I thought the music was great as the DJ played a mix of old and new familiar.  My two girlfriends and I must have danced for 2 hours straight with our husbands looking on just wondering if we would ever collapse. I know I lucked out with this place's lack of popularity on a Sat. night, and I may screw my spot here for a crowd-free good time in the future, but I definitely recommend this place to the masses who are looking to, in the words of Lady Gaga 'J-J-J-Just Dance'!The service was ok, the choices of tequilla were pretty cool, but man oh man the food here is freak'n awesome (assuming money is no object for you)...
The ahi tuna on chips was perfect, almost like ahi tuna nachos, except you only get 3 of them, but they were stacked so well, and the tuna was so fresh and just right that I didn't care.  The chorizo mac and cheese was outta this world, but i'm a bit biased cause im a chorizo whore, however, sometimes people screw-up chorizo (i.e. Jose Garces at Amada, sorry, and yes i just went there, it just wasn't good chorizo), chorizo as i understand it is supposed to be greasy and extremely flavorful, and this was both, paired with mac and cheese you can't go wrong.  The mussels are also a great choice, steamed to perfection and the sauce was fantastic.
If this place had a few solid craft brews on tap, an easy 5 stars...I had a terrific dinner here with great service, if it happens again I will give it 5 stars.Overall the food was great, but very expensive. The ambiance was rather grey, but I suppose the simplicity helped steer focus to the main event - the food. 
We ordered several dishes to share:
Chorizo mac and cheese (very light sauce, a loose interpretation of "Cheese" and a very nice smoky flavoring), Pulled Chicken (moist and creamy, one of the table favorites), a Chicken Tamale (I did not enjoy the flavor as much as other dishes), Shrimp filled Pepper, Short Ribs (great flavor, rather dry), scallops (well-prepared but nothing new and 2 for $14), bison sliders (great flavor, slightly dry, as bison tends to be), the babyback ribs were great (and I generally don't eat things with bones!).  I also tried a house margarita (awesome) and a flight of tequila (seemed to be the thing to do, though I am not hardcore enough into tequila to do it again. 
And this could just be circumstantial, but the guests were 95% female when we were there.  Just thought it was curious. Our server was very pleasant and the food came out very quickly, and it was nice not to wait a long time for an entree. 
I would definitely go back.A Rue La La coupon brought us back here after having a fantastic time at the elite event held here a few weeks ago.  We were really looking forward to some top notch "small plates."
Our server was excellent, and our dishes came out with great timing.  As soon as we had finished one or two plates, the next choice was soon to follow.  Our party of four tried a large portion of the menu: southwestern corn chowder (delicious), crab dip (awesome bubbly, cheesy, served with *stale* crostini), short ribs, barbecue ribs, scallops (only two on the plate, slightly undercooked...seemed a bit spendy...), green chili stewed chicken (definitely my fav dish of the night), and the shrimp-filled piquillo pepper (a close second fav).
My margarita wasn't too sweet, which I was very happy for, but my second drink was...well....curdled!  I ordered the Onyx - Patron XO mixed with coconut milk....clearly these two things should NOT be mixed together....there were little white clumps floating around, and it really did look like curdled milk, the coconut also muted the flavor too much.  Ah well, guess that was a poor choice of drink.
Pretty spendy, we didn't even stay for dessert and it was well over $200 for four people.  (2-3 drinks per person)  
I think next time I'll go for HH or lunch...but probably not again for dinner.Only a dum-dum would get a Smirnoff on the rocks, believing that it was simply a shorthand for Smirnoff Ice. 
That would be me. 
But at least I quickly got into a good mood! My friends and I had previously left the suffocating crowd of the bar across the street, and ventured into this very empty looking but inviting space of Kokopelli. It turned out to be a two floor deal with the more hopping scene to be found up a narrow staircase. 
We walk up a flight and BAM. I was struck by the amount of elbow room I was getting! No fighting at the bar! It was a Saturday night, and there were people but not so many. (Yay for A/C!) 
The music had a good - not awesome - dance beat (But DJs come and go, so I can't really dock off a star for that). The general ambience waslounge-like, as there were stretches of little white sofas against dimmed purple lights  lining the walls. It was classy. 
I'm a little boggled by why there wasn't a larger crowd; drinks were normally priced ($5/well; $3 special for some types of beer) and there was plenty of dance space. That being said, this is a place that could fill up quickly, so I guess I should be careful of what I ask for!I would have given this place 4 stars if the prices weren't so high and if the drinks weren't so inconsistent. I had their classic margarita and their blood orange martini and the blood orange martini is, by far, the better choice. I found the margaritas either too strong or way too sour (and expensive for $13!). Furthermore, every drink was always different from the one before!
I LOVED their bison sliders. They were very moist and the buns were perfectly toasted. Their plantain chips were a bit too salty, but the guacamole dip that came along with them was very good (and a bit spicy!). I wouldn't recommend the spoons filled with fish and beans. The two ingredients didn't complement one another. 
The music was very fun and the dance floor upstairs was nice and spacious. The DJ spun old-school tunes from the 80's that were light and great for dancing with friends. I am not sure whether I'd come back, but it's worth a try.ive only been here for happy hour, and the margaritas here are strong and tasty.  not that im a heavy drinker but one was definitely enough for me. the small bites here are a cute idea. Literally a bite (or two) of food for $1 during happy hour. i had the mac and cheese which i thought was  too salty. kokopelli was a nice space, not too crowded and well a/ced. it a fine place for happy hour.The last thing Philadelphia needs is another "small plates that are brought out as they are cooked" restaurant, and Kokopelli proves this sentiment.  While the food was ok, the atmosphere and ambiance was nice, and the service was good, there was nothing truly groundbreaking, outstanding, or extraordinary that would propel this restaurant above and beyond the current glut of tapas-style dining options in Center City.  Had not everything we were served be either "crispy" or covered in some sweetened glaze or sauce, maybe I would rank this place higher than it is, but I would only return here to drink and not to have a nice dinner.  I'd come back to dine only as plan B if there's too long of a wait at nearby Continental.Just left the place and truthfully? I'm a tad tipsy.  The drinks were well in the price point for the area - sturdy and pricey, but really good - the food was lovely.
I am a strict lacto-ovo vegetarian, no fish, no poultry.  I had the wild mushroom tamales.  Tender with a delicate chile sauce.  My friend who HATES mushrooms was tricked into a bite and asked me what the "delicious bite" was.  This restaurant is not afraid of some heat in their dishes which I really appreciate.  We were 5 people and the dishes which rated a double order were: 
1) Crab Cakes
2) Wild mushroom tamales
3) blue corn fried calamari
4) Kokopelli Margaritas (strong but not sweet or cheap tasting - zing!)
Also, the green beans and calabacitas were very popular at the table with with vegetarians and omnivores alike.  
The Chef is a charming, sexy, WOMAN (woooot!) and her dessert flan was amazing....some sort of marmalade magic.
Service was kind, thoughtful, a little over attentive but NOT SNOTTY!
The down side? Took away tapas plates when a nibble was left (they are nibble plates, leave them for the nibbling).  The music downstairs was too loud.  We were yelling at each other.  
Upstairs there was a dance floor which looked great but we were full, old and sleepy.  I really want to go back for happy hour (got a flyer, M-F 4-7pm) and more tamales.  
I get the sense that they are still finding their identity so get there now and make it your own, before the chuckle-heads get wind.  Ya know?Great environment and staff.. My favorite menu item was the shrimp stuffed piquillo pepper but there wasn't a dish that we tried that I wouldn't order again.. Keep in mind it is tapas and plates are small so it can get expensive if you have a big appetite!I went here for one thing and one thing only: margaritas
I had three of the same standard one although they would never pass a blind taste test. One was way too sweet, one was just all booze (I guess if you are going to mess it up this is the way to go), and the other was all ice no drink.
The bartender was making them at a snails pace too so its almost impressive how bad the results were. Tequila Bar fail.Came in only intending to pop in for a brief happy hour and ended up staying for several highly enjoyable plates, with perfectly complemented wines, a very pleasant atmosphere, and even a chat with Chef Rodriquez.  Nice to not be wedged in somewhere for an impersonal experience; we really felt welcomed and comfortable here.  Also, I like when a restaurant doesn't try to overwhelm you with 35 different wines, rather, they have a carefully selected assortment of about 5 reds and whites.  As for the food, these were some of the tastiest items I've had so far in Phila.  Everything was outstanding.  The $1 chili glazed salmon bites were the perfect blend of savory and sweet, and cleverly presented, to start us off.  The sauce was lighter than the standard Thai Chili sauce that's found its way onto so many menus, and it went perfectly with the tender fish.  We also enjoyed the green chili stewed chicken, which was so tender and juicy, and a generous portion to boot.  The sauce here was robust yet not too complex or overpowering, which allowed the perfect flavor of the chicken to come through.  For the succulent prawns in garlic chili glaze, the chef used a different glaze, which went nicely with the salty, fresh prawns.  The tamale with mushroom sauce was another winner...so many times the corn massa is dry and sandy, but here, it was the highlight of the tamale with an almost custard-like consistency.  House made plantain chips w/ a trio of of fresh salsas offered a nice range of flavors, from crunch pineapple and jicamma to smoked avocado to a more traditional red.  All in all a fine experience, plus a surprise Yelp check-in bonus.  Good luck Chef, we'll definitely be seeing you again!   UPDATE:  As of July 2011, Kokopelli has undergone some major changes, including the departure of Chef Rodriquez and a radically different menu.Upstairs Lounge Review.
The space could be used better. The DJ was ok. The party hung around an all too small bar area. 
I'm not a fan of tequila and that's what they specialize in. After two the sweetness of the margaritas downs out the heavy handed liquor.Gina Rodriguez knows how to cook!  Came in here late after getting off a plane and fortunately for us, Kokopelli was still open.  Had several dishes - cheese puffs, skirt steak, mushroom tamale (wonderful) and the flan (probably the weakest of everything).  While it was a tad on the expensive side, the food and execution was great and really knew how to soothe my aching, hungry tummy.Service was extremely slow, waiters seemed bothered to get us things we needed like spoons for our soup.  
Food was so bland, boring and just poor quality.  I will not be going back EVER!!!!Perks: Food was GREAT, really it was. Downside: If I'm going to spend $100 (disclaimer: I had a $25 for $50 coupon, and still felt this way), I'd like to be full....
Foodwise, the mussles and chorizo mac and cheese were especially nice - we also got the scallops (2 scallops for $14) and the ahi tuna, which were both good but for price + portion were not stellar. We also had two drinks and a flight of tequila.
The atmosphere was a little over well-lit for such a fancy place and the waitress was somewhat unfriendly. And like I said, the plates were smaller than tapas I've had at that price - I'd like to see more options overall, but more at the under $10 range if a table of two is going to get 5 or 6. So overall, it was good - Kokopelli would have gotten a 3 but the food taste and quality brought it up to a 4.A few of my friends and I decided to try out Kokopelli last night and had a great time. The prices are comparable to (if not less) than any other high class tapas restaurant. What sets them apart is the flavor introduced in every dish on the menu. The chef even came out and introduced herself to us!! The managers and the owner were a delight to deal with and never lost a step in their excellent service. 
Anyways, the food is the real treat. I've been to butcher & singer, Barclay prime and had amazing steaks,  Amada and Estia for amazing seafood and so many tapas restaurants for their food. The food at each of these restaurants tastes amazing but until now ive never found a restaurant that satisfied every tastebud from sweet to sour to spicy. It had a bit of everything to offer and none of the foods are "usual" foods offered by other restaurants, atleast not in their taste. The chef is a genius!!! I'll definitely be visiting the restaurant very soon! 
Suggestions: Try their stewed chicken, mussels, bison burgers and pecan pie!!!This restaurant has a lot of potential but hasn't developed its service. At its current cost, I would forgo until they improve their quality and consistence.
I've had two experiences with Kokopelli: a dinner with a Groupon coupon and planning an event here.
The dinner was fine, the atmosphere is young and the lights are nice, but some of the decorations are a little incongruous; e.g. the curtains in the back are a weird color. The light was pretty bright and in total it looks like a restaurant for a casual dinner with friends.
However, the menu is not priced for a casual dinner; the tapas idea was a bit pricey for the amount of food they gave. Food was hit or miss: calabacitas tasted like cafeteria squash covered in tomato sauce, but this shrimp thing I got was good. Chicken was dry and bland but salmon was tasty and juicy. If they gave more food then ordering wouldn't have hurt so much.
My event was mixed as well: the upstairs lounge looks pretty cool and the guests enjoyed themselves, but there was a mixup over the total cost and service was mixed. The tall blonde Kimberly and the guy waiter were great, the young brunette had a lot of attitude and the slightly older brunette with wavy/curly hair wouldn't let us order named drinks... we had to look at the list and combine alcohols and mixers in our requests.. which was weird, and kind of annoying. I later realized that they had charged some guests for sodas during dinner, when soft drinks and tea had been included in the prior contract.
Overall, the servers didn't cater to the customers as much as they should have, and food servings were pretty small. Kokopelli is alright, but too expensive to risk having a mediocre night.I work in Rittenhouse Square so I had been wanting to try this place since it opened.  I was intrigued by the idea of Southwestern tapas and I bought the $25 for $50 coupon from Rue La La.  Went with two friends at 6pm on a Wednesday.  There was an interesting crowd there, a lot of older ladies.  One of them even came to our table to see what the "young people" were eating.  
We had the sweet potato fries, yucca chips with salsa, the calamari and rock shrimp, the stewed chicken, southwestern corn chowder, and the shrimp tamale.  Everything was delicious, and the portions were decent for tapas.  
Two of us had the margaritas because if you mention yelp you get one for free.  Warning: when we got the bill and I handed over the Rue La La coupon, the waitress came back and said we had to choose to use the coupon, or get charged for the drinks.  I didn't argue about it because it was still a good deal and the margarita was good, but it was annoying because we would not have ordered the drinks if we had known that.
Overall really great food, decent prices because of the coupon and because we stuck to the lower priced items, just wish I had known about the one or the other policy for the margarita/coupon before I ordered.I bought a $50 groupon for Kokopelli on a friend's recommendation and was anxious to try it out. My boyfriend and I went there on Saturday night before a concert and ordered 5 plates between the two of us. Honestly, nothing was good. And a few things were really bad. The bison sliders were inedible. The shrimp wasn't far behind...and I LOVE food and usually can find positives at most places. The atmosphere is nice, waitress was very pleasant...but they really need to step up their kitchen or they will be out of business quite soon with all the amazing other options available to us in this amazing food-filled city.The Worst Service EVER!!!!
went there with a group of friends for my birthday. It was not super busy on Saturday night which should have been our first clue. Once we were seated, they took our drink order and we waited 25 minutes or more to get our drinks, this includes water. Then when they finally took our food order it took another 45 minutes to get our food, which was overpriced meager portions of lack luster food. Worst part is one of our group didn't get his food and he sat waiting another 1/2 hour after numerous attempts to get the servers attention. The soup came out without a spoon and when my friend got one of the staff's attention they looked annoyed to be asked such a silly question. Towards the end of the night my friend ordered dessert, yes another 20 minutes for that. The original waiter who had disappeared after our initial order snuck over to me with a slice of poundcake and said, "Happy Birthday" we are out of candles and snuck away. Even the desserts were bland and tasteless we tried 3 of them because at that point we were starving.  Needless to say we all left cranky, hungry and frustrated.  This restaurant is a prime example of somebody spending too much money on being trendy and pretty and forgetting about the little things like Food and Service.   I have never been to a restaurant where there were so many waiters/waitresses running around empty handed literally ignoring the patrons. When we looked around at the few other filled tables, we could see everyone else was being treated equally as poor. I would give this place negative stars if I could.  Save your money. 
Don't waste your time!  You would be better off eating at McDonalds seriously it is that bad.My boyfriend and I had "dinner" at Kokopelli last night (I'm using quotes because the food was so bad I'm not sure it even constitutes as a meal).  We had made reservations for dinner at 9:15.  When we got there, they made us wait for about 15 minutes before seating us, and once we were seated, we were so close to the couple next to us that we were practically sitting in their laps.
It took about 20 minutes for a waiter to come over to us to offer us water or take a drink order.  Once we finally ordered, it literally took over an hour for us to get our food, which came out soggy and overcooked.
I would only recommend having dinner here if you're not too hungry, because you'll be waiting over an hour to get fed.  Bring a book.  Or better yet, go somewhere else.Incredibly disappointing. This is one of the few cases where Yelp steered me wrong. I chose to go to Kokopelli for my bachelorette party this weekend, and was really let down with food, presentation, and service. I had read a bunch of reviews about this place that were good and thought since they offered menu's for large parties, that this would be an easy and fun place for my group to go. The food was not at all worth what we paid. They made us a set menu of caesar salad, choice of orange glazed chicken or salmon for the entree, then a pound cake for desert, with a 2 hour open bar of beer and wine. The food took an unusally long time to come out, and when it did, it was embarrassing. The caesar salad was small, and we were all long done that before our entree's came out. I had the glazed chicken entree and it was ok tasting, but it just came with a side of spicy corn. There was no starch and the chicken piece was small and dry. Someone asked for bread and they told us "we don't have bread here". We were starving, and they didn't have anything to offer to hold us over while we waited for food. We got the cheapest house wine, and a choice of Heineken or Coors Light. Glad they offered Heineken, at least. And they were on top of re-pouring our wine, which was a plus. The desert was a pound cake, and there is only one word to describe it...awful. I don't think anyone finished it. I was so excited to go here, and was severely let down.I ate at Kokopelli last night, and was very impressed overall. I thought that the highlight was certainly the food - I came with one other person, and we were both satisfied with 5 places total. The shrimp tamale was delicious, as was the chicken (soooo moist). The plantain chips were also great, though I'd say they could include some more dipping sauces with the chips. The bison sliders were definitely tasty, but slightly dry (I know this is how bison usually is, so I don't fault the restaurant much for that). Our fifth choice were the spicy prawns, which were delicious.
The service was also great. The only issue I have with the restaurant is it's decor, which is slightly bare and very cold. The booth-type seats were attractive to the eye, but not very comfortable. The margarita was also quite good, but I'm not sure if the $10.50 price tag is fair.
Will definitely be returning again, and recommend others to try as well!Spent a very enjoyable happy hour at Kokopelli. Diverse selection of tequilas and wines. Highly recommend the margarita. The tapas dishes we had were wonderful: grilled prawns, chili stewed chicken and the mushroom tamale. The bartender Kimberly was very friendly and had very good suggestions for wine paris and dishes. Will definitely go back.My husband and I ate at this restaurant for New Year's Eve dinner. Everything we ordered was exquisitely flavored. The service was very good, and the atmosphere pleasant. There was only one strange part of the evening - the upstairs club - which I will explain below.
We started with Plantain Chips and Salsa. The chips were wonderfully crisp and thin (although we would have liked to have had more of them in the little bag they came in) and the three sauces - mango, mild avocado-based with chili, and spicy - were very flavorful.
We started with Margaritas. There are several dozen tequilas to choose from, and the 'rita was made with fresh lime juice. It was excellent.
Southwestern Corn Bisque came with a tender prawn at the bottom of the (quite lovely) bowl and was flavored with smoked paprika; the flavors were deliciously layered and balanced. It was so amazing that we ordered a second bowl.
The beef tamale was delicious with a generous amount of meat. There were three types of tamales on the menu that night; we ordered only one variety. The tamale came opened, with the meat cascading out of the husk. The meat (and probably other filling varieties) was added after the tamale was cooked, which was actually a delicious way to present it. The masa was moist and there was a generous amount of it.
The Filet Mignon (a special that evening that looked so good when it was served to the neighboring diners that we ordered it in spite of already having had the beef tamale) was cooked exactly as we ordered it and the potato and spinach sides were properly cooked and well-seasoned; the au jus with just a hint of chile was a tasty complement.
Crab cakes were moist and full of crabmeat, and the orange-accented sauce and coconut salad was very good.
We ordered two desserts: a chocolate-banana trifle, which was good but not amazing; and a flan flavored with orange that was the best flan I have ever had - dense and rich and not overwhelmed by the caramel.
Coffee was very good, and it was hot when it was served.
Now, about the club - after dinner we peeked upstairs at the club, which had a dj that night. It was hip-hop stuff, which seemed oddly discordant with the restaurant's southwestern theme. We didn't stay.
Overall, the experience was a delight, and we wil go back.aaaaand once again Groupon saved my ass a lot of money. 
Decor: The restaurant itself is actually pretty nice. Brighter than most restaurants and there are these neat beaded curtain/walls that allow them to place tables close together while maintaining some privacy for the diners. 
Service: Waiter was really on top of things; as we finished each course our next one was arriving. Great timing made for a seamless meal.
Bf purchased a Groupon for the Chef's 5-course tasting menu for 2 for $40. Now I was expecting some teeny tiny portions, but it was full-size everything. I didn't think my stomach cavity was going to make it through this meal intact.
Appetizer: corn fritters and green chili stewed chicken. 
Tamale: Braised beef and BBQ chicken. Meat was on top of the tamale not in it. weird, but good.
*almost full at this point.
Soup: Southwestern corn bisque. (Sweet, super rich, almost too rich).
Entree: We both got the NY strip which was cooked exactly to our specifications. Served with creamed corn which was remarkably similar to the corn bisque, hmmm. 
Dessert: At this point most of my blood was hard at work, trying to digest the inhuman amount of food I have just eaten. In lieu of that...I don't really remember this last course very well.
Tequila: We both ordered 1 drink a piece since this IS a tequila bar. They were both very strong; I guess that's what you're paying for.
Bill before coupon: $142.00
Bill after coupon: $24.00 (for the drinks) Thanks Groupon. 
So, the food is pretty good but VERY expensive for what it is. I'm not sure I would be pleased with this bill if I hadn't had a coupon. (It would have panned out to $170.00 with tip for 2 people!!!). This would have been acceptable if the food was outstanding, but it just...wasn't; many of the flavors just kinda fell flat. If you want A LOT of food for about $70.00 less, go to Chima or Fogo de Chau.
Would I go back? Most likely not. If I did it would go to try the blue corn fried calamari, bison sliders, and bronzed salmon.Sips $5 food and drink menu has a nice selection. The bison sliders were tiny but really good. Bartender was awesome. Stewed chicken was a bit bland. Nice ambiance. Would definitely go back.We went here with 6 people, and after reading that they offered over 50 tequilas, one of us wondered how many we would be able to polish off.  This kind of set the tone for the evening, but alas, not all of us were up to the task and we only finished 16!  But some of them were amazing.  As you might expect, the Partida and Asombroso flights blew us away (they are the most expensive).
We started with a complimentary margarita (they were offering it to Yelpers!  Thank you Kokopelli and thank you Yelp!  YAY!) which was very good.  It was their signature margarita, not some dumbed-down version because it was being offered gratis.  This of course put us all in a VERY good mood.
The yucca and plaintain chips were perfectly fried and came with 3 salsas, all were good.  One small complaint is that there weren't that many chips so of course we had to order more.
We tried almost every dish on the menu.  All were absolutely perfectly done, most were very flavorful.  Some of the highlights were:  tuna crudo on a tortilla chip, very attractive, different, and tasty.  Garlic chile prawns, crab cakes with lots of crab meat, bison sliders (phenomenal, do not miss these!), and stewed chicken.  Yes, the stewed chicken was a surprise.
Some of the items that made me scratch my head a little were the short ribs, the baby back ribs and the scallops.  None had enough of that southwestern feel to them, and the baby backs needed another 3 hours of slow-cook.  Not complaining but these three didn't fit the rest of the menu as well.  They were also a bit heavier than the rest of the menu, which is tapas style.  Also, the oysters were overwhelmed by the salsa.
The service was impeccable.  Our waiter knew everything, and was extremely helpful.  Even the owner came by to say hello and make sure we were satisfied.  Overall, this restaurant is a winner, we were all very happy with our experience, and we will be back.  If they tinker with the menu a little and firm up that southwestern theme, I would raise my rating too!Cannot write a review. Restaurant closed despite OpenTable reservation, confirmation and reminder. Second time we tried to use a Groupon. Was closed before for licensing issue. Saw it open (with a handful of people) a week later, but when we went yestereday, voila!, closed again (No notice from City this time.) That's it, I'm done. I'll research the owner and manager and never book at one of their future restaurants. Embarassing.Extremely disappointing.  Short version: LONG wait for everything, expensive lackluster food, extremely inattentive and unhelpful service.
Long version: 
Went here for a birthday dinner with a medium-sized group recently, and we couldn't wait to get out of there by the end of the meal. Unfortunately, we did a lot of waiting.
The restaurant itself is lovely--lots of light; clear, modern decor; a beautiful bar. We had a lot of time to admire it amidst all the waiting we did.
Everything took ages to get to our table, and the service was terrible.  Whenever we wanted to get our server during the meal, he was nowhere to be found. Most of the other servers kept disappearing from the dining room as well--it seemed as though the place was understaffed, except that it wasn't even that full.
We waited a long time for our margaritas and... they weren't stellar. I wouldn't even say they were particularly good. They were just over the hump of "unobjectionable."  I've had better in pretty much any nice bar. I was also a bit disappointed that they came in basic rocks glasses. There was all this beautiful glassware in the bar, and combined with the fancy decor, I kind of expected to get nicer presentation.
The wait for our food was unacceptable--especially since this restaurant doesn't even offer any complimentary starters. If we were going to wait 25 mins for our drinks alone, and well over half an hour for food, it would at least have been nice to have some chips and salsa to tide us over.  At some point, one of the other guests looked around and said "hey--look around--do you see food on ANY of the tables?" And he was right, there was maybe one table with any sort of food on it.
The food came out in a rather haphazard fashion as well.  One of our party ordered a side as an appetizer, and didn't receive any food when the rest of our apps came out. Usually restaurants understand that you need to arrange the service so that people aren't sitting there hungry without any food while everyone else is eating, but not so here. We even went up to a waitress at the bar (could not find our server--as mentioned above) and inquired about the side-as-appetizer and asked that it be brought out soon--and nothing happened. Our friend had to wait for his side to be brought with the main meal, which--of course--was only delivered after another wait.
The food itself was not impressive. It was not bad--but this is not a cheap restaurant. For this money, I would prefer that the food be better than "all right." Some of the dishes were nice, but a lot were mediocre, and it generally tended toward bland. I might feel more charitably toward the food had the service and the experience itself not been so frustrating, but I still feel like I can spend the money better elsewhere.
We couldn't get the waiter to get the dessert menu. We had a hard time getting him for the check. I had asked for a birthday dessert to be delivered to our table for the birthday girl, and I was beginning to think it wouldn't get there. It did, finally, arrive--after all the other desserts! It was supposed to be a surprise--should have been carried out with the dessert menu--what if she had decided to order a different dessert and didn't even have room for it? Although once she tasted it, she didn't want it anyway--it was a pound cake that tasted like cardboard, and was topped with a raspberry sauce that absolutely did not work for it.
We had asked for the bill at the same time we ordered dessert, and we still had to wait after we were done eating it to finally receive it. I think we even had to ask one more time. We were seriously contemplating just walking out, since the servers didn't seem like they could be bothered to get us our bill.
Anyway, not worth it.Food was real bad. And service was not to good. I wouldn't go back.I first discovered Kokopelli because of Groupon and I must say when I first went there I was impressed. Great calming atmosphere, a very knowledgeable and attentive waiter, and the food was really good and flavorful so I assumed the second time around would be just as perfect, wrong! They changed it from a tapas place to a regular restaurant with appetizers, entrees, and a drink menu.
 Our waitress was nice, however, she was running around too quickly to pay us much attention. There was not a big crowd there so I don't understand why she was so 'busy'. Our food  server seemed lost and annoyed when all we did was asked him for a spoon to eat our soup with, considering that a fork was not the ideal utensil. Our food was mediocre. The corn bisque, the dish that had me hooked, was not as creamy as my first time around and everything else was flavorless. 
The calamari we ordered was not worth the money we paid for it and the other 'entrees' were lightly seasoned at best. It's sad to see a place with so much potential become another 'mediocre' eatery. Goodbye Kokopelli , hello everyone else.We sat at the bar for dinner last Friday night. I believe they had just opened a few days before. 
The design/ambience: slick, modern, contemporary.
The drinks: 
We ordered the house Margaritas - not that great. They make it with orange juice and a little lime...it tasted like fruit punch. It should just be lime, no orange juice in a margarita - just tequila, Cointreau (or orange liquor of your choice) and lots of fresh squeezed lime. I could see if they had a list of different margarita's, but I believe this was the only margarita on the menu. For the second round I asked bartender if she could make it with just lime...and it was very good. 
The thing that impressed me about all the Margaritas was that they make sure to only salt the outside of the glass rim!! I've been to some great mexican restaurants that have no clue when it comes to salting the glass rim - way too many places put the salt on the inside as well as the outside. That's a major faux pas -  any good bartender should know better. When the salt is on the inside, it winds up in your drink and makes it - salty! So they get major points for doing the salt thing right!
The food:
The chef is clearly well skilled! We had a feeling just by looking at the menu and we were not disappointed. We had already noshed earlier so we tried to order on the light side. 
The southwestern corn bisque w/ grilled prawn and smoked paprika oil was exceptional! 
The blue corn fried calamari and rock shrimp with a cranberry chipotle dipping sauce was very good, but they were missing a little seasoning.
The grilled caesar salad was great. 
Also had the yucca & plantain chips with trio of salsas - exceptional! The only issue was they didn't give you enough chips in the cute paper bag. The chips were gone but we still had a lot of the 3 salsas left. They need to be a little more generous with the chips.
The service:
Since we sat at the bar, I can't comment on table service. The staff seemed a little scattered, but that's to be expected in a place that just opened. The 2 bartenders were nice, pleasant and accommodating. All of our dishes were brought out by a gentleman from the kitchen with a brief rundown of what he was serving. It was a nice touch.
We're looking forward to going back and trying more items.I enjoyed my meal at Kokopelli as much as I love the standup comedy of jokester Ann Coulter.
In fact, in honor of Ann Coulter, I will describe my dishes in her style.
Southwestern corn bisque - It tasted delicious.  The prawn was tender and the bisque was thick and flavorful.  The only thing that makes me happier than good soup is racial profiling.
Garlic chili glazed prawns - These taste like something that southern women would have made before they could vote.  Back then, they spent lots of time in the kitchen so they could master their God-given responsibility to feed a man.  This dish is well-disciplined.
Bison sliders - These were fine.  They did not stir any conservative fury within my loins, though.
Shrimp/garlic cream tamale - This made me happier than a Jew who abandons his religion in order to be perfected.
Seasoned sweet potato fries - If I had to choose between this dish and watching John Edwards die in an assassination plot, it would be a really tough decision.  These are good fries.
--
Seriously though, this is a really great place and it deserves your business.  It is an approachable Tapas restaurant with reasonable prices and amazing food.