The food and service at Koo Zee Doo are unsurpassed.  We have eaten here a handful of times and each visit was the same.  The food was wonderful and the memory of the great tastes haunt you for days.  The staff is professional and pleasant and the place is just perfect for a casual meal.  I love the cork topped tables.  
Our favorite dishes are the shrimp piri piri, the stuffed trout, the duck rice and their Saturday rabbit special, but really everything on the menu is unbelievably good.  If you haven't been to this restaurant, go.  The restaurant is BYOB and serves a lot of seafood.  So, good whites and light red wines will work best.  They are also on Open Table which makes reserving a table easy.  This is absolutely one of the best dining experiences in Philadelphia.Delicious, authentic Portuguese food. Since I'm a first generation Portuguese man, I can definitely say this is authentic and the venue's ambiance was perfect.Went here recently with my man friend and we were big big fans of this BYOB.  I'm not very into seafood (which is a huge mistake at this place - seems like they really specialize in the area) but I ordered an octopus sauce which was so delicious and not at all fishy. We also ordered the chicken gizzards in sauce which were really good but I did have a slight issue getting over the texture.  The prices are scary (most entrees are around 35$) but they were meant for people to share so they end up being around 17$ per person which, although still steep, is much more reasonable.  We ordered the portugese steak and potatoes which was mouthwatering and according to my boyfriend was the best steak he ever had.  The atmosphere was very sweet and romantic and I felt like we actually got to talk which was wonderful.  Big fan!Love writing good things about a restaurant instead of being negative. 
Fortunately it's easy to say a lot of good about Koo.
It's in the old space where Cu used to be and the inside is still the same, with the candles set in the brick wall, which provides a nice light.
The food was just as most people have written about here. The chicken gizzards were a large portion of perfectly cooked gizzards in a mild gravy that had a kick to it after a couple minutes. The salad with hearts of palm had great flavors to it, and the dressing was tasty with just a little after kick of spice.
The special of the night was fried rabbitt and it was outstanding. I've tried rabbitt a couple of other times and it was ok, but not nearly as tasty as the dish they serve at Koo Zee.
What I really appreciate is the fact the waiter said that sharing 2 app's and splitting a dinner would be enough for two, and he was correct. He could of easily let us order more food, but his honesty was refreshing and appreciated.
Dessert was a very tasty caramel and chocolate dish that was just the right size.
Next time I would try the duck fried rice which the waiter said was one of their most popular dishes.
It's BYO, they take all plastic, and parking is street.
Will absolutely go back again.Delicious as always. My bf and I come about once a month, and I think the food seems to get better every time, if that's possible..
We got the fried fish, fried corn porridge, and chocolate mousse
-fried fish: simple but good. fish fried in what I THINK they said was rice flour- served w/ Carla's housemade Piri Piri sauce, some giardinieria, and lemon wedges. i love skate wing because of all the cartilage, and the whiting had a very clean taste to it. 
-fried corn porridge- only a little corny tasting, with a very fine texture. they were nice and crispy on the outside, and melt in your mouth soft on the inside. 
YUM. I didn't miss the lack of animal protein at all. The mushrooms (I forget the really long name, but think king oyster, but even more hearty and delicious) had a great crust on them, and the fava puree was so good that we sopped all of it up with bread when we were done. The dish is also visually stunning; it's a rainbow of colors. Challenge: try to eat all components of the dish in one bite. Tomatoes, leeks, fava bean, fava bean puree, carrot, porridge, mushroom. can you do it? it's like a rainbow in your mouth!! 
hazelnut meringue / chocolate mousse / passion fruit puree-  the mousse tastes more dense than a traditional mousse, but lighter than a whipped ganache.  I am a bit biased, as hazelnut is my favorite nut, and passion fruit is my favorite fruit, and i love all things bittersweet chocolate. but really...nut + chocolate + fruit in their primes:  is there any better combination?
General observation: KZD tends to under promise and (way) over deliver! Their menu descriptions rarely give their dishes justice; the food speaks for itself.what a STELLAR surprise....The food is delicious, homey and rustically adventurous.....Portuguese cuisine needs to be the next great thing!  Combinations of clams, potatoes and pork or sardines and mushrooms make perfect sense, but they are somehow new to us gringos.   Service and surroundings and service great as well.   Sittin at the counter is great fun visually, but a bit warm at times!   WILL BE BACK!The hubs and I love  Koo Zee Doo.
My husband is a Portuguese native, recently moving to the US about five years ago.   Before Koo Zee Doo opened, we had to go to Newark, NJ to get authentic Portuguese food.  An-Noy-Ing.
But even in Newark I always had trouble ordering because I never knew what to expect. Unlike the restaurants in Newark, Koo Zee Doo has menu options for everyone.  The menu selection and food preparation are perfectly Portuguese, but the owners did a great job picking menu items that would appeal to those who aren't familiar with Portuguese cuisine.  The menu is a perfect sampling of dishes from all over the country- some for the more conservative eater, but also some for those who are a little more daring to try something unfamiliar.  
We also love the ambiance because it is small, welcoming and beautiful inside.  They play Fado, too! Not to mention that the service has always been stellar.
I would suggest sitting at the kitchen counter if you have the opportunity.  You get to see the food prepared, but the chef (and co-owner) David Gilberg is so personable and nice.  The first time we ate at Koo Zee Doo he was chatting with us while he cooked.  
You can really tell that the owners, Carla and David take pride in their restaurant, and for good reason.  It's a great place to eat and relax.  
I'm so thankful that Koo Zee Doo is in Philly.  Every time my husband gets a little home-sick, we just make a reservation and it's like he's home again  (well for a couple of hours at least!)The closest I've ever come to anything remotely Portuguese was a layover I had in Lisbon a couple years ago. Oh, that and I drink Porto on a regular basis after a nice meal - does that count? So obviously, my knowledge of this cuisine is slim to none.
A BYOB like its predecessors:  Aden, then Copper; Koo Zee Doo has taken over and changed up the décor by making it more casual rustic with warm honey wood tables and dark chairs with dim, shaded, candlelight along the brick wall.  They've added high top chairs around the bar separating the kitchen and the dining room to increase dining space and to give you a direct view into the fire.
Superb service from the get-go.  Ever so patient, attentive and insightful and at the ready to give you suggestions from the menu.  Our big table (we were ten) did not overwhelm them and the staff managed to personally pour every glass of wine.
Allow the waitstaff to guide you through the menu -  upon their recommendation, I tried the chicken gizzard appetizer and they were plump and served in a scrumptious sauce.  The main courses are served family style, so it was recommended  to get 5 to 6 dishes for our group- an ideal amount.  
The menu online doesn't always exactly reflect their weekly menu (they rotate a few items depending on what they have fresh).  Fave dishes were one of only two veg options (this place is not the most veg friendly) - a shepherd's pie, the Arroz de Pato (Duck Rice) and the Bife à Portuguesa (a signature dish - methinks? Picanha steak, fried egg, broc rab) and the Peixe Frito com Arroz de Favas (Fried Whiting with rice).  For desert, don't ask questions just get the Tarte de Côco (on the contrary, it's not chocolate, but coconut) and thank me later.
Aside from the delicious salads, I discovered that Portuguese dishes, at least those at Koo Zee Doo, are bold, very rich, and home-y with a touch of the exotic (that is, shock-full of flavor combinations you're not entirely familiar, but quickly fall in love with).
They take resos, credit cards and are in my 'hood. Sweet.Last night I ate at Koo Zee Doo for the second time and became a raving fan!  I dined with 9 others for a birthday celebration and have many compliments on the ambiance, serivce and food!  
The cozy atmosphere was pleasant and when we arrived on time for our reservation our table was ready immediately and already set up!   The staff was knowledgeable and thorough explaining the menu/portion sizes as our large party asked many questions.  The food was served in perfect order and was amazing!  
Starting with the first course, the tuna turnovers, chicken gizzards (sauce was amazing), and chopped salad were all wonderful and cooked perfectly.  Per the server's recommendation, we ordered 6 entrees for the table, which was the perfect amount .  My favorite entrees were the steak served with fried egg (a must have), the shephard's pie and the duck rice.  To conclude our meal, we order one of each of the 4 desserts that all were very tasty and unique.  
As we drank bottle after bottle wine (that was served by the staff, uncommon but refreshing for a BYO) the staff was nothing but pleasant and patient as we lingered as the last table in the restaurant.  Koo Zee Doo is a must try - you won't be disappointed!I came here for a big family dinner because I'd read the amazing reviews about this place. The space is adorable, and I always appreciate the kitchen being in view of the diners. It smelled amazing :) Our server was super sweet and patient, only thing was our water cups were seldom refilled. I know it's a BYO but we still need to be hydrated! Especially since it was so warm in the restaurant. I love that it's served family style so everyone can try everything and the atmosphere is lovely.
Appetizers:
SKEWERED CHICKEN GIZZARDS -- YUMM these were delicious, try them if you're adventurous.. or Asian and know these well
GOAT'S MILK CHEESE -- amazing with the jam/jelly that it came with. Be careful with the super salty yellow salt/oil though. & it didn't come with crackers or bread, not sure what that was about
STUFFED CRAB SALAD -- so good, and they definitely don't scrimp on the crab meat
WHITE WINE STEAMED CLAMS -- mm there were some empties tossed in there but these were good though nothing really special
ARTICHOKE & BECHAMEL TURNOVER SPECIAL -- too salty, just kinda.. okay.. & I don't think I really tasted any artichoke in there
Entrees:
GRILLED SARDINES -- a surprisingly good dish with 3 whole delicious sardines and peppers
OCTOPUS RICE -- not a fan, it was just a weird sausage and rice with a couple pieces of octopus on top so the dish didn't seem to come together.. wish they still had the duck rice that people said was amazing, whimper.
MONKFISH MACARONI -- the crowd favorite, very flavorful!!
PORK AND CLAMS -- pork was kind of dry but flavors were good
PICANHA STEAK -- fine but I don't know if it was any different from normal steak
FRIED CORN PORRIDGE -- had no idea what fried corn porridge might be so this was weird.. but good, though they were just kind of like fried hash browns
I might have expected too much from the food, because I wasn't that impressed. Not a great place for vegetarians, but I remember my Portuguese friend say their cuisine is A LOT OF MEAT so there you go. And it is definitely not figure-friendly. It is cool to try some new things though, and we were a big party with lots of orders so maybe it was stressful on the kitchen?Koo Zee Doo, I've heard all about you from various friends.  I book marked it (in my yelp app) and I made a point to get a group together and head on over. 
So it's a Wednesday night (they are closed Monday and Tuesday) and the place has a couple tables in there but it is not overly crowded.  I'm the first to arrive and without hesitation I have the server open my bottle of wine... oh you thought I should wait for the other guests to arrive? I look around and I over hear the table next to me raving about their dishes... these are all things that make me happy.  By the way, your chef is pretty good looking too. 
There is an option for a 50$ tasting menu... given this was new territory for me I suggested it up to the table but we were a little concerned about the amount of food (sometimes tasting menus can give you an excess amount of food and you leave uncomfortably full).  Whelp we asked about it and voiced our concerns but we found out that the tasting menu is best for 2-4 people.  As I'm rolling 5th wheel... I suggest I just leave. Luckily the group likes me (or so they pretend).
This is what we ordered (and I feel it was the perfect amount of food and every dish I loved)
Fricassé de Polvo (Octopus gravy) - This was awesome.  The menu doesn't give it too much of a description so you don't know what to expect. I'd expect deliciousness.  The octo is cut in the small chunks cooked in a creamy sauce that had chunks of what tasted like pancetta.   It was a perfect blend of creamy smoky salty goodness.
Camarão com Piri Piri (Shrimp with hot sauce) - These shrimp are large... I'm not expert but I'd describe them as what another non-expert may say are "prawns".  The spicy broth that comes with them should not be wasted... soak that on up with your bread. Get on in there and don't waste a drop. 
Massa com Tamboril (Monkfish, spicy lobster broth, peppers, onion, macaroni) - I'm glad we got a fish dish as our other two entrees are steak and duck.  This was very nicely prepared... the monkfish was tasty with a spicy lobster broth that you shouldn't let go to waste.  Get your bread on in there! The macaroni was this elbow curls that perfectly paired with the fish and soaked up the broth.
Bife à Portuguesa (Picanha steak, presunto, fried egg, fried potatoes) - boy was this good. I could eat this breakfast lunch and dinner. Forget Pizza bagels...  Bife à Portuguesa in the morning Bife à Portuguesa in the evening Bife à Portuguesa at supper time. We ordered this dish because someone noticed the type of steak (picanha).  It is safe to say I'll be on the lookout for this every time I leave the house.  The presunto gave it a velvety texture that was almost like a meaty parmesan cheese.  It was perfection. This velvety salty coating of goodness. 
Arroz de Pato (Baked duck rice) - Now this is how you cook rice.  It had this great crispy texture to it with a nice portion of baked duck sitting on top.  This is a nice dish which shows you the versatility of duck. 
All in all this was a smashing hit.  It's BYO so you can bring your own special bottle or grab whatever you have laying around. I feel you can bring friends and family here and it'll be an unassuming dinner that everyone will be thoroughly impressed.  I will be back. I'll be back many times over. I'll want to order all the same dishes we ordered since they were all phenomenal but I have a feeling that's just how KZD rolls.Koo zee doo has only been opened a few weeks. It occupies the space of the now-gone Copper Bistro.  It is a Portuguese restaurant that offers a variety of tasty dishes. It has some nice apps, soups, salads and main plates.  If you like to share a variety of dishes with friends or a loved one, this is the place to do it. We shared the shrimp turnover, 4 per order.  It resembles an empanada with a creamy filling.  The filling reminding me of a croquette flavor.  We also shared a mushroom  turnover.  Both were flavorful.  We shared a main plate, the stewed rabbit.  It had rabbit, bacon, carrots, garlic and fava beans.  The broth was rich and very flavorful.  We finished with a custard tart.  We had no negatives about the place, even for a new ly opened eatery.  The service was excellent.  They offer soups, salads, cheese plate and main plates.  All seem very interesting and unique. All the breads, Portuguese of course, and desserts are made and baked in house.  There are some vegetarian dishes as well.  The mains are large portions, great for sharing.  All are in the 20-28 dollar range.  Owners David (chef) and Carla(baker and hostess) have created a welcoming atmosphere.  The staff know and explain the menu very well.  This is a unique restaurant.  Grab a few Portuguese or Spanish wines and go enjoy a feast.Plates sampled included:
Lupini beans
Broa Corn Bread and Crusty White Roll with Salted Butter
Caldo Verde - Pureed potato broth with collards and chouriço plus Chorizo oil
Pasteis de Bacalhau - Potato and Salt Cod Croquettes 
Lulas Estufadas - Fried and Braised Squid, Tomatoes, Mashed Potatoes, Peas, Olives, Cumin Marinara
Arroz de Pato - Baked duck rice with white rice cooked in duck stock, duck confit, and chorizo
Pudim de Pão de Chocolate - Chocolate hazelnut bread pudding with Crème Anglaise with Almond Praline
Bolo de Bolacha - Coffee soaked wafers, Buttercream, Passion fruit compote, topped with Chocolate Salami
Bolo de Amêndoa - Flourless almond cake dipped in Chocolate, fig-port wine reduction
Peregrine Coffee - Brazilian Roast
It pains me that it took so long to revisit my meal at Koo Zee Doo through photos and words because I fear I may have lost salient points, memories, and facts about the two hours during which I sat and watched David Gilberg and Carla Gonçalves prepare one of the most unique and satisfying meals of 2012.  Having never truly experienced Portuguese cuisine or culture and finding both entirely underrepresented in the United States everything about this BYO was stellar; the reservationist who set up my tasting menu, the window seat with a full view of the bar, the rustic setting with brick walls lined with candle light, and even the classic Portuguese music playing overhead.  If Kanella felt like a mom and pop spot then Koo Zee Doo felt like being invited to a friend's house for dinner - an outstanding 5 course dinner for a mere $50 with service that was both friendly and educated as well as educational.
Admitting my naivety with Portuguese cuisine but led to believe both by friends and the staff that the dishes served at Koo Zee Doo are a somewhat upscale yet accurate take on the country's food I can only say that beginning with the fibrous but flavorful Lupini beans served alongside toothsome and warm Broa and moving on to creamy, spicy soup and then progressing through perhaps the best salt cod dish I've ever had the meal started strong and only got stronger as the night moved on - the smoky yet subtle squid over creamy potatoes and briny tomato sauce leading into a grand finale duck rice with as much cracklin' confit as rice beneath a perfect magret.  Perfect in the savories and equally sublime in sweets it was a trio of mini treats that arrived last alongside Brazilian coffee that is apparently roasted in a local Kensington man's garage and as much as I love bread pudding - this one a beautiful flavor and texture - it was the Bolo that truly stole the show; two bites of pure bliss that I'd be thinking about throughout the concert that followed and even well into my post-concert bites at Alla Spina and meals the following day.This place is awesome! The food was delicious! We had the sausage, greens, and egg for the appetizer. It greens was a little salty, but complimented well with the egg and sausage. The duck rice for our entree was very good. The crunchy rice and tender roasted duck breast fulfilled my satisfaction beyond my expectations.  The best part was the dessert. We had the coconut tart with chocolate cream. It had a buttery crust and sweet coconut shreds topped with a fluffy chocolate mousse cream. The only negative thing I'd have to say about this place was the delayed service we had. They were pretty slow with taking our order, but it was ok since we had some wine and good conversation. So if you're looking for a fairly quick dinner this is not the place to go. If your looking for good food and casual dining then this is the perfect place to be. Another plus is that it's BYOB!never really portuguese cuisine before. was able to get a last minute reservation on a saturday night. didn't realize that we always pass by this place when heading out of no.libs. their sign can be easily missed due to the tree right in front of the resto. don't forget your wine, was only able to get beer at the foodery nearby. we sat towards the back half of the resto. feels homey inside. tables are pretty close to one another. our waitress was quite thorough and helpful with the menu. dishes are meant to be shared here. as per her recommendation we ordered an appetizer, salad, and entree. we ordered the octopus with gravy...freaking awesome! didn't realize there was bacon (yep, accidentally ate some)...i've tasted many octopus dishes around the city and this tops the non-grilled list. i probably could've just had 2 orders of this and be happy. the spicy seafood was our salad dish. it had a good kick to it. great portion, ended up having leftovers of this (i believe there was crab, lobster, shrimp, heart of palm in it). we got the soft shell crab as entree....a bit disappointing and overpriced 2 whole crabs and 1/2 piece with potato and onions for i believe 38 bucks :( wahhhhh... i wish they accompanied it with something different, for that price i expected something a bit more fancier than a stew-like mush. i'd probably go back and try out the other appetizers and salads. possibly check out the fish day friday.Real portuguese decoration and ambiance. Felt like being back home in Portugal!
Food is very well cooked and tasty. I recommend the Caldo Verde soup and the Bacalhau.
It is a BYOB, which is always nice!
Service was poor, though. 
But overall, a pretty good experience.My boy and I go here as often as possible! Amazing place. Cute spot, very intimate. I can't wait to eat in the fabled gorgeous backyard. It's a byob so it's really affordable. The food is amazing! The spicy shrimp app is our favorite. Heads on people so ante up! It's worth any qualms you may have. The steak entree is our favorite. Gooey runny eggs, juicy steak, Portugese cured meat all together is decadent. We got the hunters stew once with wild boar, venison, quail and rabbit. It was fun but not as tasty. But then again, where can you even try something like that in Philly? It's closed Tuesday and Wednesday which broke some hearts recently but you need to go!I'll happily journey to the far off lands of Northern Liberties at anytime to visit Koo Zee Doo, if you're askin. 
Koo Zee Doo, we learned, is the phonetic pronunciation for the Portuguese word for "cooked." It's also fun to say. It's also corny for me to note that this restaurant is entirely cozy! See what I mean, sounds like a dopey thing to say, considering the Koo Zee name... Oy, yeah..but it's true. Loved the rustic wooden tables, twinkly lights, and ceramic roosters for Portuguese good luck... Koo Zee Doo has a really homey feel...
The food was great, I mean great. Great. All dishes are large portions and meant for sharing. I love that, cause like tapas (tho  not small, yeah), I favor the," a lil of this a lil of that" kinda thing... Man, we enjoyed some great cookin from the homemade Portuguese bread on up!
 Dishes were so delectable that I did end up spending the betta part of a couple of hours, one day, lookin for Portuguese recipes for chicken gizzards. 
Yeah, I'm a gizzard eatin fool now I guess...  
I wasn't prepared for how damn delicious and tender, these much recommended "moelas" were. Simmered in this beautiful pan sauce with wine, tomatoes, olive oil, garlic... they were rich yet light and fresh. Yeah, see!? I'm still talkin to you about gizzards. Amazing... 
We ate grilled fresh sardines, potato and bacalhau croquettes, this perfect seafood stew over rice... I'm obsessed!
The star of the show (the watch us swoon and feast show)  was the grilled picanha steak dish, served with presunto (Portuguese dry-cured ham), fried potatoes, and topped with two sunny eggs... This dish was exalted by all. It all came together perfectly... 
AND WHAT'S MORE, the bill came to less than100 bucks for the four of us! And we ate and ate... I guess it helped that Koo Zee Doo is a BYOB... A BYOB that we'll return to without a doubt.I was going to write a review, but I guess there is nothing else to say. I guess I was late finding this place. The food is sensational. The people are super friendly and attentive.  Once again just want to say thank you Koo Zee Doo!!!!Charming byo with great tasting food. Family style portions and 1 appetizer and entree are enough for 2. We had the octopus in gravy, so delicious & full of flavor.  The  homemade bread was perfect vessel to dip into the gravy. Yum! Next up, the duck with rice. I was hesitant to try duck but so glad I did. This dish had crispy bits of duck, very tasty. Dessert was just ok. We split the coffee soaked wafer with lemon sauce. The dessert was served cold but as it warmed up, it definitely tasted better.  Will go back for sure.OH MY GOODNESS.. where have you been all my life! I had to try them twice to make sure that it wasn't a dream, and that their food and service was consistent. And it was. So far, we've had the braised chicken gizzards with its oh so good gravy and melt in your mouth tender gizzards; Duck rice with its fabulously well seasoned rice and perfectly cooked duck; the picanha dish with prociuttto and potatos; the seafood stew too good to share.. Not to mention the heavy-as-a-rock corn bread that you definitely want dibs on. I just love the ambient and intimate setting, awesome staff, amazing food, and unpretentious BYOB that is Koo Zee Doo. This one is a keeper.It was my first time trying Portuguese food. The services were excellent. The atmosphere was cozy. The food was pretty good. We ordered two appetizers and two entrees. All these dishes were recommended by our waitress as the best ones. The two appetizers are shrimp in hot sauce, white wine steamed clams. The two entrees are grilled sardines with roasted pepper salad and roasted lamb with potatoes. (Sorry I can't remember their Portugese names anymore). I only had thr shrimp, the clams and the sardines because I don't eat meat. The three dishes are pretty delicious. The only problem with them is that they are all too salty. Also the amount of food is too little. I didn't have any of the lamb, but my friends all loved the lamb. They even commented it as the best lamb they ever had. So meatlovers should totally get this dish.
Overall I think it is nice place to try out if you have never had Portugese food. It is probably not the best out there but it definitely leaves me good first  impression of Portugese food.Great atmosphere for sure. I didn't enjoy the food but my friends all did. There were six of us, so it's one of six who didn't like it. so it's up to you if you want to be cultured and try it. As for me, nahhhhh...I'd say I'm a pretty cultured guy.. I mean I've been to China, I eat raw fish, I play the ukulele, I subscribe to Food and Wine... yes, impressive I know. But when it comes to Portuguese food, I admit that I haven't had much exposure to it... as in I've never had it.  Until NOW!! Koo Zee Doo has opened my eyes to the beauty of Portuguese cuisine. Don't be mistaken, it is not the same as Spanish food, nor is it simply Mediterranean food.  It's Portuguese food.  And it's spectacular. 
Definitely must go on a Friday and try their octopus gravy (only on Fridays, the other days of the week have their own daily specials). Sounds a little strange, I know, but the octopus is tender, the sauce is creamy, lemony, and soul satisfying. It's comfort food at it's best. And served on top of buttery mashed potatoes, COME ON. 
I've heard their churrasco mixed grill is awesome too. Oh yes and the salt cod croquettes are killer. 
Carla the pastry chef/waitress is super nice and attentive.  Definitely try the passion fruit napoleon and baked custard and caramel apple.  
Doo go to Koo Zee Doo.  Good one.Last night my sister and I tried Koo Zee Doo, which is a new Portuguese restaurant in the space that formerly housed Copper. We were very impressed by the food, service, and ambiance.
Food: All of the dishes are generously portioned and designed for sharing. We started with the mushroom turnovers, which were very creamy and perfectly crisp without being the slightest bit greasy. We followed with the chopped vegetable salad, which was really delicious. The vinaigrette was flavorful without being heavy and the salad included greens, green beans, fava beans, baby carrots, and parsnips (?). We had a traditional feijoada of seafood, which is basically a stew served with rice. The seafood included calamari, scallops, and octopus, at least. The dish was very homey and satisfying.
Ambiance: I never made it to Copper, so don't know how much was kept from their decor. The kitchen is open and the overall feel is warm and inviting. The brick wall has inset candles (electric candles?) behind translucent panes, which give a very nice effect.
Service: The hostess greeted us warmly and our server was with us quickly, although granted the restaurant wasn't terribly busy. We had brought wine and he arrived with glasses. After pouring for us, he explained the menu and let us be. Bread arrived and then we ordered. The waiter was attentive without being annoying and my sister and I both appreciate that he (and the two men working in the kitchen) were very easy on the eyes. I was especially happy when the plates were cleared before the entree and I wasn't asked to hold onto my used silverware. I really hate that.
Three courses, split, and coffee for $56 with tax was really a bargain. We would have had leftover feijoada to heat up today, but we managed to forget it when we left.
I highly recommend Koo Zee Doo. (www.koozeedoo.com) I didn't give it 5 stars because I want to reserve such a rating for something really over the top.Great place. Lots of lovely combinations of small and large plates to share or eat by yourself. I had ridiculously awesome chicken gizzards and last night my roommate and I had a flawless lamb with potatoes and ramps. Can't wait to keep going back to see how the menu changes and try everything.When 3 people bust out 3.5 bottles at the BYO, you know you're in for a great night.  And that's exactly what transpired.
Owner Carla opened our wines and answered questions about the menu, while serving us bread that met...no...exceeded already high expectations.  As far as I'm concerned, only one or two restaurants not named Parc or Talula's Table come even close in terms of bread quality to Carla's wonderful Portuguese rolls. 
As for food, we tried 5 dishes:
Queijo Fresco:  Absolutely delectable firm goat cheese.  What I most enjoyed was getting the taste with salt and oil on one end of the dish and getting the honey and tomato from the other end of the plate.  Gave one dish two very different and very delicious tastes.
Espetadas de Moelas:  If there's one dish I was most excited about, it was the chicken gizzards.  And they exceeded expectations, mostly due to a rich gravy (wine based?) and grilled lemon.  I would go back for this dish alone. 
Pastéis de Bacalhau:  The portuguese classic.  This version was a little more fishy than others I've had, and I think that's a good thing.  It had character and flavor while in no way being overpowering.  Also, a little bit of deep fry never hurt anybody. 
Salada de Chocos com Feijão Frade:  This was a pretty solid blackeyed peas salad -- I like blackeyed peas a lot, so for me the dish was made on this alone. 
Bife à Portuguesa:  The highlight of our meal.  Perfectly cooked steaks (somewhere between medium rare and medium) served with fried potatoes that were nothing short of cracktastic.  Wow.  A huge portion too.
For dessert, we went with the Prato de Chocolate, which has been described appropriately as a grown up candy bar... but the chocolate-stuffed figs probably made this dish perfect for me. 
We paired the first courses with a Sauvignon Blanc -- crispy and mildly acidic, it contrasted especially well with the cheese and fish.  For the meat, we paired an inexpensive, but perfectly executed rioja.  A little one-note, but gave me enough spice, fruit, and subtle sweetness to really complement the meat.  For dessert, we busted out the end of a bottle of South African Port (blasphemy...I know!) and a Spanish sherry.  I'm still getting over that sherry.
All in all, this is probably my favorite meal in Philadelphia thus far in 2010 (Talula's Table being in Kennett Square) -- I look forward to going back for more gizzard.I can finally cross Koo Zee Doo off of the "to try" list and add it to the "must come back" list. The restaurant small, romantic and cozy, the lights in the window add a nice touch to the ambience. This was the perfect place for my fiance and I to enjoy a quiet Valentine's meal. 
Warm bread and lupini beans were brought over to us as we perused the menu. Although our server recommended sharing two appetizers and an entree, the menu sounded so intriguing that we ended up ordering two appetizers and two entrees. (Clearly our eyes were bigger than our stomachs.) (I wish I could remember exactly what the appetizers were, but I know that we enjoyed them.) For entrees, we had the baked duck rice, and the special of the evening which consisted of seafood and mushrooms in a huge clay dish. Everything was just so flavorful and indulgent. We barely finished half of dinner before ordering a coconut dessert. 
Service was a little slow that night, but our server was friendly enough and did check in on us every so often.Sorry to be writing this review post-closing, but I just made it in under the wire.  I had always heard great things about Koo Zee Doo from my friends, but didn't make it until I heard they were closing.  After some issues nailing down a date, 3 of us ended up going with a bottle of wine on a Sunday night.  We shared the spicy shrimp, the vegetarian dish and the steak.  I thought everything was good, but unfortunately I wasn't amazed.  I wish I had gotten the chance to go back though.  If they reopen somewhere else I'll definitely go back.I really don't get the hype around this place. Everything was good, but not really worth the price or the difficulty getting a table. This is solid, Mediterranean peasant food. Everything was edible, nothing was memorable. Three apps and two entrees, coffee and sodas left the four of us $140 poorer before tip and had I been particularly hungry, I would not have left full. A lot of their "family style" dishes come with three pieces, so you have to upsize if you want four people to each get a piece. 
We had the grilled sardines, which were no different than any other fresh grilled sardines. The baccala fritters were mostly potato and tasted pretty much like a fried cod cake from an old-style Philly hot dog place, which is to say good, but $2 on top of your hot dog with pepper hash good. The steak was nothing special - three small pieces served alongside an egg and some fried potatoes and an ok pan sauce. The duck rice was very tasty, but in the end it was just braised duck, diced chorizo and rice with a rare duck breast on top. The bread tasted like any other Portuguese bread from Shop Rite. We skipped dessert. 
Within a few blocks of this place, you have Dimitri's, Il Cantuccio and Bar Ferdinand, all of which will offer better Mediterranean faire for less.My husband and I went to Koo Zee Doo on Sunday with another couple and we had the best dinner ever.  
For being a smaller restaurant and a BYOB, it was a very cozy and inviting space.  Small, but not cramped.  Warmly lit,  but not dark.  We opted for the 5 course tasting menu and reasoned that by the end of the meal, we had each tried 16 different dishes.  Our server was very attentive.  I think we were pretty easy, though.  When asked if any of us have food allergies or dietary restrictions, we all replied with an enthusiastic, "bring it on."  
We had the chicken gizzards, salt cod sashimi, salt cod & potato croquettes and spicy shrimp for the appetizer course.  In my opinion, the stand out of the appetizer course was the salt cod sashimi, but the spicy shrimp earned rave reviews as well.  The second course was the potato and collard soup with a chorizo disc floating on top.  It was very delicious and not too thick, like most potato soups can be.  The third course consisted of the monk fish and blood sausage skewer, grilled sardines with bread, creamy salt cod casserole and my personal favorite dish of the evening, the fried squid with potatoes and tomato sauce.  Next time I go to Koo Zee Doo, I will likely order that again and not share with anyone!  For entrees, we got the vegetarian option (bread soup with mushrooms, cheese and egg), which was a nice departure from the other meat-oriented options, a pork belly stew over rice & beans (garnished with my new favorite treat, pig's ears) the steak with fried potatoes (phenomenal!) and I can't remember the 4th dish, because by this point, I was overwhelmed by all of the deliciousness.  Each couple got a sampler of 3 small desserts and they were all fantastic.  16 dishes and 4 bottles of wine in, we all left very, very happy with our experience!This is one of my favorite places in all of Philly.  I have never been disappointed here. It is a winner for a homey, comfortable, family-style meal, with actual family, with a group of 3-4 friends, or for a date night where it is generally possible to hear your company speak and hold a decent conversation.  
I find the prices to be totally reasonable. For the quality of the food, the portions, and the fact that it is a BYOB, it is a great value.  Portuguese food is comfort food, and those who will find it the most enjoyable will be people who do not have dietary restrictions and enjoy their BYOB wine in friendly company. 
We seem to always insist on the moelas, the chicken gizzards, to start. Having these with the delicious oven-warmed fresh breads, including the comforting broa de milho (a Portuguese bread made with cornmeal), that arrive at your table early in the meal is just incredible.  Whatever your prejudices, you should overcome them and try this. They are wonderful paired with a nice glass of wine, white or red.  In the past, we have also had the Portuguese steak, the octopus fricassee, the piri-piri shrimp - amazing, all the way around, amazing!
I should add that I have been all around Portugal, to Lisbon, to Coimbra, to Porto, to Guimarães, and had some delicious meals at some down-home places.  Koo Zee Doo bests much of what I ate in Portugal. Their sardines are more intense. Their pork and clams are superior.  The seafood tender and artfully prepared. The steak is so much more delicious than anything I had in Lisbon's Chiado, Bairro Alto, or the Alfama.
The service and the staff are always welcoming, friendly, professional, and I have never had anything but awesome service here.
I am not a dessert person, and I do not find myself drawn to desserts normally, but I make an exception at Koo Zee Doo. Coconut is a food of the gods, and I know not everyone agrees, but I cannot resist it.  Put it together on the same plate as a piece of salty chocolate, and I am powerless. The Tarte de Côco will DESTROY you, and the evening will end perfectly, and then you'll want to come back to Koo Zee Doo again and again, just like me.One of the most inventive menu's I have seen in a long time. Everything was delicious, too. I would recommend getting something you have never tried before, as I'm sure you will love it. Chicken gizzards especially!
Great service, cozy interior (I think it's a house?)  with a completely open kitchen so you are entertained the entire time. Very clean bathrooms too.
The waitress told us at the end of the meal that the place was closing. I'm totally bummed if they don't re-open at another date. Or in another location. This place is truly one of a kind.Maybe I chose poorly my dishes, maybe the chef had a bad night, maybe our waiter was bored or tired, or maybe Neptune was in regression and made my palate unfriendly, but Id say it was OK. Thats all. Tasty, but I wouldn't go back. If a dish doesnt sing and make me crave another bite and another and another, it means I probably will pass next time people suggest we go there. Sorry guys, I was ready to like you.I had been here twice before and enjoyed it,  but we chose this place because it was in close walking distance to my apartment and has a unique cuisine. However, this place has stepped up its game or the wine we were drinking enhanced my palette because everything was INCREDIBLE.  The server was very knowledgeable about all dishes and they were very accommodating to a garlic allergy in our group.  We only ordered seafood dishes and they were all outstanding.  The octopus in gravy and the salada de mariscos were my favorites.  The desserts were unique and fragrant and I ended up ordering the special: A flourless almond cake with a bergamot infused whip cream topped with pomegrante seeds.  Hit up the ATM(it's pricey), grab a bottle of wine, some good company, and spend a cold night warming up with delicious, yet healthy comfort food.I went to Koo Zee Doo with a group of 5 and wow, it was delicious!
The first thing to know about Koo Zee Doo is that its family style. For me, that really means you have to go with at least 4 people to be able to try a bunch of stuff. There were 5 of us and we were plenty full off of 2 appetizers and 3 entrees. 
For our appetizers, we tried the piri piri shrimp and the octopus gravy. The shrimp were good but I'm not sure I would order it again. I loved the piri piri sauce though. It was hot! The octopus gravy was heaven. The octopus was super tender. No chewiness at all and it was served in a creamy gravy with pancetta. YUM.
For the entrees, we tried the steak wrapped in prosciutto with fried potatoes and two sunny side up eggs, the baked duck rice and the monkfish in a lobster broth with pasta and veggies. All were packed with flavor and cooked perfectly! I honestly couldn't tell you what was my favorite. I loved all of the dishes. I will say that the steak was heavy. I wouldn't order this if you're looking for something light.  That being said, I loved it. I love anything topped with an egg really. What I really loved was having all these dishes on the plate together. It came together well that way. 
To sum up, it was a great meal with great service and I can't wait to get back with another big group to enjoy!Koo Zee Doo is definitely in my Top 3 BYOBs and Top 5 Philly Restaurants overall. 
I visited Portugal last summer and was pleasantly surprised by how authentic the food and the atmosphere was. Both times I have been here, I felt like I popped into a local's dining room to converse over wine with the family over some freshly baked family-recipe bread.
The baked duck rice is a simple but flavorful dish that reminds me of plov (pilaf) with shredded juicy duck inside and a baked duck breast on top. The seafood salad was fresh and tasty with a little kick, but oddly enough, the hearts of palms were my favorite feature in the dish. 
The second time, my bf and I had gone we got the octopus gravy and monkfish in lobster sauce as an entree. Keep in mind, everything is served family style, and we barely left a crumb, no shame. I would do it again. 
We adore this quaint little BYOB for the food, the atmosphere, and the open kitchen. I can't recommend this place enough!! 
NOTE!!!!!!!!!!! IT IS CASH ONLY. Kind of a downside but you can run across to Palm to grab cash.A total gem in Northern Liberties. . . If you haven't tried Koo Zee Doo yet, get on it.
Came here on a date a few weeks back and had a fantastic dinner on a Thursday night in a shockingly uncrowded dining room.
Of the dishes we tried the standout was easily the eponymous "Koo Zee Doo," a hearty stew of chicken, 3 types of sausage and pork ribs.  I've never tasted anything like this in a restaurant.  This is what I imagine you might eat if you were visiting some rural hillside town in Portugal.  Very soulful cooking that channels generations worth of love for the kitchen and the food itself--the pride in the food here is quite palpable.  
Some advice:  Go with a large group, so you can try the bulk of the menu.  The dishes are quite large and lend themselves to sharing.  Save room for dessert.  Bring a few bottles of your favorite spicy red wine to wash it all down.  Actually, start with a white to pair with the exquisite clams or shrimp appetizer.  Lastly, don't fear the salt cod.What can I say but ... Koo-Ka-Re-Coo...
Sat at the counter there this past Saturday with an intriguingly lovely dark haired lady and enjoyed a meal and restaurant that was every bit the match to her mystery and wit.
Seriously, this place is a gem (and I say that after a visit that had imperfections - they were out of the desert we ordered and the counter is oddly high with stools that don't quite work right).  It is warm, lively, intimate, stimulating and full of all the vibrant sensations good food brings to an evening.  It also is not trying to be anything it is not - the food is unadorned, delicious and hits just the right note of well prepared without being too refined.
We had the turnovers, hot-sauce shrimp, and bacalao and would go back for each though I imagine next time I'll be trying the blood sausage, sardines, octopus and other things.   The food speaks of care and authenticity and is presented in large, unrefined (by contemporary restaurant standards) portions with strong, well balanced flavors.  This is a great place to let your senses be sparked, drink your wine, and enjoy the kind of dining experience that is all too rare.  Just make sure your company is up to snuff as mine was!
Yes, this is one where I am very comfortable saying there will be a next time.  I'm giving it five not for any one thing, but for the whole glorious, rooster crowing experience.I love this restaurant. I went here once about a year ago and have been longing to go back. We were there with another couple and the ladies were not the most adventurous eaters so since we were sharing, some of the things I wanted to try like the gizzards, duck rice and sardines were unfortunately off the table. We had fried rabbit though which was out of this world, like the best fried chicken you ever had! Also, if I remember, some sort of seafood stew, like a bouillabaisse, which was very good. It's a great place for a group of friends to eat, drink wine and have fun. Great service and a comfortable, warm setting but most important, outstanding and delicious food. It feels authentic, however, I've never been to Portugal so I wouldn't really know. But I can't wait to go back with some more adventurous eaters.I  have heard a lot of good things about this place. This place has certainly met my expectations. 
We went for dinner on a Saturday night. The place got pretty full around 8pm. I would think that you really need to make reservation at least a few days in advance. Our server is really nice and she explained to us that the dishes are meant to be shared. We decided on Sardinhas na Brasa (whole grilled sardines and roasted peppers), Alheira (smoked sausage, sauteed greens, with fried egg), and Coelho a Cacador (rabbit stew). I really enjoyed the sardines and rabbit stew. It's an interesting combination to have sardines on toast with roasted pepper and it works really well. The rabbit stew comes with very tender meat with fresh vegetables and some wild mushroom (the best part!) The sausage was average to me. I guess the unexpected spiciness in the greens threw me off a little bit and the dish was overall on the salty side to my taste. 
2 appetizers and 1 entry is definitely good amount of food for two people. We didn't have room to try dessert. Well, there is always the next time! 
I would definitely go back to this place on another day to try out some other dishes!ATTENTION WORLD: Koo Zee Doo is closing July 14th. Get there ASAP.
Some people impulse online shop. I impulse make Opentable reservations after reading things like special menus/closings on Foobooz. Best decision ever. KZD has been on my shortlist for a while and when I saw it was closing I had to go, immediately made a res, found friends (phew), and was looking forward to it all weekend. Expectations were met and exceeded.
Lovely exposed brick, cozy interior, great service, great food, and very reasonable price. We each paid $40, tax and tip included, and walked away full and with leftovers, questioning those $$$ on Yelp. 
I was devastated to hear that they were out of the steak (we had a later reservation-8pm, so maybe go earlier to ensure maximum menuage), but everything we had was SO good, I can't really complain. 4 of us split...
---Spicy Seafood Salad ($19-probably our favorite-they did not skimp on the seafood here-huge shrimp, lobster, crab, and great fresh flavor; definitely recommend);
---Octopus Gravy ($18-don't worry there's octopus in the gravy, and yes, it's amazing. Dip your bread in the leftover sauce. You're welcome.)
---Potato and Cod Croquettes ($11-came with 4, crispy on the outside and very good-not mindblowing);
---Lamb Skewers ($37-impressive presentation, perfectly tender, served with rice, beans, mushrooms, onions, and a delicious sweet dipping sauce);
---The Special, which was chicken and ribs with some fried potatoes ($?, Very tender chicken, flavorful, and great with the spicy piri piri sauce).
Sad to see this place go but glad I got to try it!
Remember: BYOB. CASH ONLY. PIRI PIRI SAUCE. DELICIOUS. GO. NOW.I went to Koo Zee Doo based on the Philly Mag Top 50 list recommendation and was massively underwhelmed.  Here is the quick breakdown.
Food - Meh.  2 Stars.  If I had to describe the cuisine in a word, that word would be: Salty.  That was the predominant flavor in all of the dishes I tried (the squid, the duck rice, the croquettes, the steak).  Also the one dish I was really hoping to try was the special and they were out of it.
Atmosphere - cute, I'd give it 4 stars.  There is a nice open kitchen concept which is fun.  
Service - 2 stars.  Our server was not particularly attentive.  Our table was wobbly, when we pointed it out to the server he said he'd do something about it but he forgot and we wound up folding up our wine bag and Macguyvering a solution ourselves.
Value - 1 star.  This is way overpriced for salty food.  But, its a BYOB so I guess that gives it a nudge up.
Overall, not impressed...Ok so second time around at Koo Zee Doo was not as great. I'm still giving this place 4 stars because the first time, I gave 5 and last night was definitely just a 3.
We were excited to come back again but everything was just off. Maybe it was because it was a Sunday night of a long weekend and they just weren't prepared.
The bread that I raved about last time was still good, but not as fresh. I didn't need to ask for seconds this time. The chicken gizzards were not as delicious as I remembered them (maybe I recalled them to be more fantastic than they were). The rabbit and bacon little fried thingies were actually quite fantastic. The sardine salad did not impress the table.
We split 2 entrees between our group of four. the steak with the egg (still very good) and the duck rice. I was particularly excited about the duck rice, but when it arrived, I could only take one bite because it was too salty.
Desserts were very sweet but everyone seemed to like them.
Overall, I'm not sure if we'll be rushing back to KZD. There are plently of other fantastic BYOBs in the area, but hopefully they were just having an off night.Had the pleasure of eating here last night for my birthday with family and friends. There were 5 of us and we ordered 4 appetizers and 3 entrees.  The shrimp piri-piri was delicious as were the croquettas.  The scent that arose from the clams was to die for and all thoroughly enjoyed the sweet potato turnovers.  My son and I were the only brave one for the moist and delicious chicken gizzards.  Then we got serious with the Sunday Specialty - grilled chicken and spareribs, served with fantastic crisp sweet potato chips and a sweet and spicy sauce on the side.  Moving on to the Lulas Estufadas, we scarfed up perfectly braised squid served with the best smashed potatoes and peas.  Our third entree, the salt cod of the day, was steamed perfectly with onions and garlic.  Too full to enjoy dessert, we all ended with double espressos, as well as the charming company of chef David and Grill Master Carla (Scott was an excellent waiter).  Don't hesitate to come here for any, or no, occasion.  BYOB too!!!I've been hearing great things about Koo Zee Doo ever since moving to Philly a couple of years ago, so I don't know why it took that long for the 7 of us to finally visit, but I'm glad we did.
[Accompanying music: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MSIGWEcR5Dc ]
KZD's odd name comes from the phonetic pronunciation of COZIDO, meaning "cooked" in Portuguese.  And although I've never been to Portugal, from other who have, some (but not all) of their dishes are authentic versions of the rustic, peasant-style cooking found in the old country.  But whether all of KZD's dishes are authentic or not (and I generally find the search for "authenticity" to be one of the sillier things foodies do--if it TASTES GOOD, it IS GOOD), this was definitely GOOD EATS (if this is a copyright violation Alton, I'll be happy to take you to dinner there).
KZD is a cozy little BYOB in the NoLibs, with easy parking a block or so up 2nd Street (in those odd, angled parking spaces you are required to reverse into).  The attractive interior looks like what I imagine a small café in a Portuguese seaside village might look like.  On a recent Thursday evening, the restaurant was at best a third full, and sitting in the rear room was a quiet and relaxing experience.
KZD's menu is fairly short (there are also rotating daily specials), and importantly, intended to be served family style.  In fact, the appetizers are so large, one could easily make a meal for two from just 2 or 3 apps.  Therefore, KZD is best appreciated in a larger group, so that a wide variety of different dishes can be sampled.
[Since the passed plates were sometimes rather decimated by my hungry dining companions before reaching me, I've only posted photos of a few of the dishes that we enjoyed.]
Note: although we had intended to go with the $50 5-course tasting menu that appears on both the menu and website, disappointingly this is no longer offered.  However, with a group of 7 ordering, it probably didn't make any difference.  We enjoyed:
TABLE SNACK: pickled ivory tremoços beans (photo)--crispy, salty and refreshing, these could be addicting
BREAD: a dense, crispy-on-the-outside cornbread muffin--great for dipping in the octopus and Piri Piri sauces to come
ENTRADAS (appetizers, served one or two at a time):
Fricassé de Polvo (Octopus gravy)--and odd name, this was really octopus IN gravy, and oh my, what a gravy it was!  For many, this was the dish of the night.
Moelas (braised chicken gizzards)--if you are imagining tough, chewy gizzards, think again, the braising left these chopped morsels melt-in-you-mouth.
Camarão com Piri Piri (shrimp with hot sauce)--fantastic, this was one of the best dishes of the night, although the spicy Piri Piri destroyed our Argyle ET Brut.  Take my advice and eat the head and all!
Sardinhas na Brasa (whole grilled sardines, roasted peppers; photo)--Sardines being a classic Portuguese specialty...don't forget to eat the heads!
SALADAS (salads):
Meia Desfeita (raw salt cod, chickpeas, hard boiled egg, rabe, olives; photo)--In my mind, not one of the stronger dishes, although I still enjoyed it and some liked it more than I did...it could have used more salt cod.
PEIXE E MARISCO (fish and seafood entrees):
Caldeirada (soft shell crabs, stewed peppers, onion, potatoes)--fresh soft shells, of course they were great!
Bacalhau à Gomes de Sá (salt cod, caramelized onions, potato, egg, olives)--a delicious dish, but very rich and heavy compared to the others.
CARNE  (meats):
Coelho Panado (fried rabbit, the Thursday rotating special; photo)--this knocked my socks off, crispy, lightly breaded exterior, succulent interior, and my dish of the night.
Arroz de Pato (duck rice)--apparently one of their specialties, it didn't excite me, but others raved about it.
SOBREMESAS (desserts):
Tarte de Côco (Coconut tart with chocolate whipped cream)--I remember it being tasty, but not something that sticks out in my mind.
WINES (BYOB, no corkage):
~N.V. Churchill Porto Dry White Port
~1997 Argyle Extended Tirage Brut--normally a great wine, but destroyed by that Piri Piri
~2005 Reguengo de Melgaço Alvarinho Moncão
~2000 Bodegas y Viñedos Alión Ribera del Duero--modern, but complex
~1994 Bodegas Alejandro Fernández Ribera del Duero Janus Reserva Pesquera--started off with drying tannins that distracted, but evolved into the WOTN
~2008 Churchill/Graham Douro Churchill Estates Touriga Nacional Special Release
~2003 Quinta Do Infantado Douro Reserva
2007 Barboursville Vineyards Octagon--My first ever wine from Virginia!  Surprisingly drinkable Bordeaux-style blend.
~ 1988 Sandeman Porto Vintage Vau--the original vintage before Vau was bastardized, this was a pleasant, perfectly aged, off-year port
An excellent meal, service was great and we all left stuffed, so at only $65 (counting the generous tip), I think KZD qualifies as a place you should "Run, Don't Walk" to as soon as possible.  Bring a crowd!!
Sláinte!Koo Zee Doo was a pleasant change from the surrounding restaurants in Northern Liberties. Since i live in this neighborhood I wanted to see what everybody was talking about. we brought a bottle of wine and since it was such a gorgeous night we opted to sit outside in the back seating area which was nicely lit and just perfect. 
We ordered the chicken gizzards which sound gross but was actually very juicy and tasty! I had the Carne de Porco à Alentenjano which was basically pork and clams with potatoes. the pork was very tasty. potatoes were a little dry though. overall food was pretty good and atmosphere was awesome.A total turnoff. This is not the great depression, and therefore strange organs don't need to be creeping around in most of the dishes. Seems as though they are trying way too hard to be overly trendy, but give the strange meats a rest! They are incorporated in most the dishes, unknowingly denounced on the menu. One of the dishes I ordered was pork, beans, and rice. Although I am an adventurous eater, I thought this would be a safe bet. I was horrified when it came out with fried pigs ears and huge blood sausages a top my already acceptable pork belly topped pork and beans. (What a tongue twister). It's a little much. Meat, on top of meat, topped with meat. If your a carnivore or a canine, you'd love it. It wasn't awful, but I don't think I'll be back. The flavors are rich and fragrant, typical of Portuguese cuisine. The open kitchen also helps to tap deep into your sensors. Ambiance is intimate. Service was very friendly. Way overpriced for a restaurant in that area. The prices could be made more reasonable if the owners used garnish to garnish the plates instead of organs. Gross!I just got back from having brunch here and it was wonderful!  I haven't had any dinner or lunch here yet, hence only the 4 stars, but brunch-wise I just had the best in the city in my opinion.  
First of all the space is incredibly cozy and comfortable, but sophisticated and the open kitchen is really amazing.  My boyfriend and I were the only ones in there at first and it was awesome seeing the chefs make my specific order.  
The waiter was so nice and I heard another customer grilling him with question after question while I was eating and he really held his own
describing all the kinds of dishes. 
The Clássico: The biscuits were DELICIOUS. The eggs were eggs, but cooked to order and yummy.  I got the chouriço sausage, which was smoky and flavorful and the potatoes, ohhh I will be dreaming of those wonderful little crispy rounds for awhile.
Boyfriend got the sausage hash (Farinheira com Batata): he too loved the biscuits and his kind of sausage literally melted in your mouth, but watch out because it was also incredibly filling haha. I practically had to carry him home.
(also.. prices are totally reasonable for what you're getting.. brunch varies between $8-$12)
Koo Zee Doo was such a great experience! After my stomach recuperates I may go back today for lunch... and then dinner.  Definitely consider this place as an incredible option for brunch because with no wait and such delicious food, what is there to think about?Want something a little different but don't feel like paying a fortune to get it? Koo Zee Doo is your place. Served family style (each meal serves two), this BYOB is an affordable find that really pleases all senses. 
We (probably stupidly) decided to mosey over here reservation-less on a Saturday night. Although packed, the hostess graciously looked to see if they could accommodate us. We were seated at the bar overlooking the two chefs. (If given this opportunity, take it. It's built in entertainment but a bit on the warm side). 
Our waiter was phenomenal; attentive, great personality but not over the top, and very informative. We settled on the sweet potato turnovers as an app, and the baked duck rice. The turnovers were oddly light for being fried starch. They had a slight spice at the end that really made the dish great. The duck rice. Ohh the duck rice. I loved it. The duck was cooked to perfection. The rice was a perfect compliment. Despite looking somewhat small, we couldn't finish the dish. When our waiter offered us dessert, we sadly had to decline. Next time I will make sure to come more hungry!I went to Koo Zee Doo with my boyfriend and his parents for my boyfriend's birthday, and I cannot say enough good things about our experience.  
The service was attentive without being overbearing. The waiter even  returned and corrected something he had told us about an ingredient we had asked about. It's so nice to have a waiter who is knowledgeable and puts thought into the service!
On the recommendations of other reviewers, we got the moelas (chicken gizzards) and we couldn't believe how tender they were. I want to mention the Salada de Morcela since no one else has: this salad of blood sausage, beets, olives, roasted peppers and greens was simultaneously hearty and light, and just plain delicious. If anyone is afraid to try blood sausage, this might be the way to do it, since it's sliced sort of like salami and doesn't overwhelm the dish. 
The grilled sardines with roasted peppers was so good I didn't even mind picking around the little bones.  We also got the creamy fried shrimp turnovers, the picanha steak with fried eggs and prosciutto, the pork and clams, and everything was a hit. 
Another plus was the price - we got two appetizers, three entrees and a salad, plus two coffees, a tea and dessert, and dinner was under $120 for four people!  Also, we had leftovers to take home. 
I am not an expert in Portuguese food, but everything was so amazing, I have been wanting to go back since the moment we left the restaurant!Lovely place with friendly staff. Not sure if it was just the items we happened to order but everything seemed over-salted. I need to give it another shot-- the deep-fried hard boiled egg, in retrospect, might not have been the more interesting menu item.
Chocolate-covered fig for dessert on the other hand, now that was divine.We had the tasting menu here for New Year's Eve and the food was quite heavy.  
- My fave was the Rissois de cogumelos, a pickled mushroom salad and creamy fried mushroom turnover.  The flavours in the salad were refreshing and tasty.
- Smoked pork consomme was fine, but unexciting.
- Raw salt cod was all right.
- Tuna salad was so-so; the tuna seemed overdone & I'd avoid this in future.
- Vanilla poached lobster was fine.
- Fried rice duck drummettes were very heavy & duck was overcooked -- I expect duck to be succulent.  This was not very appetizing.
- Octopus gravy was tasty.
- Quail stuffed with sausage was perfectly cooked, succulent and tasty with pickled grapes.
In general, I was disappointed after all the great things I'd heard about Koo Zee Doo -- the food was fine but I expected it to be better & more enjoyable.We went to dinner tonight at Koo Zee Doo and the food was really authentic and delicious.  I am a Brazilian from a Portuguese family so I had high expectations, and they were all fulfilled. The bacalhau (oven-baked salt cod with potato and egg) entree was prepared to perfection. The salt cod was delicious (not stringy like it can sometimes be) and the dish as a whole was really balanced, flavorful and filling. Beware that the family-style portions can serve up to 3 people and the two of us were stuffed with 1 appetizer, 1 soup and an entree. The Rissóis de Camaro (shrimp fritters) was our appetizer and was fried perfectly - crisp but in no way greasy. The filling was soft, creamy, piping-hot shrimp with just enough spice (maybe piri-piri?). We also had the Abóbora e Castanhas (squash and hazelnut) soup which was sweet and mild. Prices were reasonable for the quality and amount of food. 
The service was absolutely FLAWLESS. I can't stress how often we go to BYOBs and have the annoying experience of the server stealing our wine away, only to come back corkless, and with a dirty bottle. At Koo Zee Doo they uncorked the wine tableside, left us with our cork, only refilled our glasses after asking us and even gave us a bag to take the part of the bottle we didn't finish home in.  We also were drinking sparkling water and when it was finished they offered the choice of a second bottle or table water - which is UNPRECEDENTED and really nice.  Most restaurants either try too hard to sell you another bottle or assume that you don't need any more water, ever. 
The waitress was really knowledgeable about the menu as well, in an unobtrusive way, and had a great tableside manner that made us feel really welcome. The tables in the front room are a little close together but the table itself is spacious, and you have plenty of room to eat comfortably. Otherwise the ambiance was nice.
I'm coming back as soon as I can to try more things on the menu (and dessert, which we were too stuffed for tonight) but based on tonight's experience it is one of our new favorite BYOBs.Woo Wee Woo! 
Upon seeing it as a semifinalist on the James Beard award nominations and it's 3 bell LaBan commendation, this became a matter of life or beans.   I called and made reservations and good thing I did - the place was PACKED. In particular, a pack of cougars. They were on the prowl. Roaring about their extramarital affairs and hungering for their future victims.
Moral of that story: Make reservations.
The place is lively. So if you don't like noise, why do you live in Philly?  The food was good - really good.  We had the steak with fried potatoes, fried egg, rabe, and the Portuguese ode to prosciutto - presunto. Half of this dish was fried and the other half was meat. YOU CAN'T GO WRONG!!!! Unless you actually pay attention to your doctor, but those co-pays are getting outrageous so NEH. Also had the Salt cod casserole. Get it. You won't regret it. Minor note: the fries were over salted. Didn't help there was also dry-cured ham on the plate.
For dessert we had the coconut tart and the chocolate salami.  Don't bother with the chocolate salami. So not worth it. Weight watchers told me I could have used the points for a shake @ PYTs instead. The coconut tart on the other hand, quite tasty and different.  You know what would have made this meal better?  Wine!  Forgot to take some.  And we were kindly reminded of our oversight by the table of four senior citizen war veterans next to us that broke out in song after they broke out 5 bottle of wines.  War is rough, man.
Moral of this story: Buy wine.  At least one bottle per person then you might have an impromptu, invisible karaoke.  Awesome.Very solid, very interesting menu... after all i don't think many Americans can tell you much about Portuguese/Brazilian cuisine.  I certainly know that I couldn't have before visiting Koo Zee Doo for the first time.
We went on a week night after Memorial Day when the place was lightly populated, but the experience was very enjoyable.  The staff are apparently accustomed to "educating" their clientele, which was certainly welcome in our case.  We pretty much ordered what we were told to and enjoyed what we got, but be forewarned that some of the menu items are a bit on the "challenging" side.How could anyone give this place less than 5 stars?
This is my boyfriend's and my favorite place to go to. Every time we go, we think that one entree is our favorite, until the next time, when we try something different...then THAT becomes our new favorite. They serve family style dishes, and the portions are QUITE generous. if you sit at the bar, you will see David plating piping hot food, making sure that each dish has equal distributions of all the components. David and Carla (the husband-wife chef team) put lots of love in the food they serve, and you can see and taste the difference! 
The smaller bones on the chicken and pork attests to their use of high quality meats, and the natural sweetness and vibrant colors of their produce show that they get GOOD stuff.  
Within minutes of sitting down, you get warm bread. You get not only crusty white bread, but you ALSO get broa, a corn flour based bread. This also comes with brined beans (I always forget the name of them). Carla bakes these every day, and contrary to a review posted by someone else, they do NOT taste anything like store bought bread!!!!! 
Chopped vegetable salad: perfectly blanched vegetables in an unforgettable vinaigrette that is not your run-of-the-mill oil-vinegar dressing 
Steak and eggs : Carla could probably fry eggs with her eyes closed, she's so pro at it. The fried potatoes are perfectly salted and not greasy or oily in the least. 
Grilled chicken and spareribs: DELICIOUS. comes w/ a side of fried potatoes AND rice w/ pork and beans. This is such a steal of an entree...GET IT! Sundays only, though. 
Chocolate Hazelnut Bread Pudding: Served warm, in a nice bed of vanilla bean sauce that is scattered with crushed hazelnut praline. 
I could go on...and on..
One suggestion/consideration: If you don't like a strong pork taste, don't get the suckling pig (Friday). My dining partners loved it (it was tender, juicy, and accompanied by perfectly crispy skin), but I wouldn't order it again, only because of the oinkoink-ness of it. That is only a judgment on my tastebuds and lack of knowledge about suckling pig's natural taste, not on the ability of Carla and David to cook!!!Espetadas de Moelas: Translation: skewered chicken gizzards: Translation don't bother asking what gizzards are just eat....These tasty bites of mystery meat (and mystery meat in this instance is a good thing) was the first dish in perhaps one of the more interesting meals I've encountered in recent memory.. They were simple in preparation and absolutely delicious- like I said don't ask just eat..
The entrees were rather large and we (we meaning two of us) were advised to order just one entree to split. We split a duck and rice dish that was amazing! Once again very simple in preparation- basically some grilled duck and white rice. The duck however was minimally greasy (a difficult feat for those familiar with eating duck) and incredibly flavourful. I would have appreciated something a little saucey and was lamenting the fact that we only ordered one dish... Fortunately we were seated next to a foodie dinner club that was more than happy to share their wine and desserts. Truly a  memorable meal, just come with a lot of people...How did this place close? I actually mourn the loss of this gem. Even though it's closed now, I just came here to look at pictures of all of the delicious food they served and reminisce on how amazing our experiences here were.4.5! Super cute restaurant in Northern Liberties! Exposed brick, and a tiny (fake, but still cute) little fire/furnace thing that we got sat next too. It is family style, and since only the two of us, we only got an app and entree (which was still a lot...we took home leftovers). Our waitress, Carie (?) was attentive and great! 
Started with the Chicken Gizzards -tasty 
Had the Bife à Portuguesa: steak, potatoes, eggs, and prosciutto. Hello heaven! Such a great combo...it was like breakfast and dinner mashed into one great dish. A bit salty with the prosciutto...my date took it off his steak. 
I would definitely come back here again for a tasty, BYOB, inexpensive romantic date!ga ga for the gizzards and the spicy shrimp.
(tuna salad, and the clams were just ok)One of my top five favorite Philly restaurants. Great space, friendly waitstaff who care about the food, and the only place I know of to get Portuguese food in Center City. The chicken gizzards are amazing. I don't usually care too much about desserts, but the coconut tart rules.First off, I loved the atmosphere! We walked in and smelled amazing (since the kitchen is right there in the middle of the dining room). It was really nicely decorated and quite comfy. This is a great place for Fall dining.. it just feels right.
Service was pretty good and the bread (something I really care about) was super tasty!
The food wasn't bad. We started with the cod sashimi and neither of us sure how we felt about it. It was, odd and it was salty but it was good. We kept trying it over and over again and trying to adjust to it. I think we liked it but I don't think we'd order it again.. hows that?
Second app was the smoked sausage. The sausage was really good. The texture was super yummy and the dish was really hearty and tasty. At first we thought the greens were salty but then we realized they had a hot sauce thing going on. We were happy with this dish and totally would get it again.
For our main we had the Rice/Duck dish. We had to ask first since for almost $40 it seemed to be a bit pricy for a rice dish but we were assured it had a lot of duck and was filling. It was. The duck was really well prepared and the dish was quite tasty!
Dessert was the baked custard/apple thing and it was just ok. Nothing special. I'd try something else next time.
But would we go again? I think so. The dishes are made to be shared, which is fun, but it's still hard to look at $40 dishes and wonder if you're getting enough food. We were happy with the portions and the food and mostly the atmosphere so there you go.Koo Zee Doo really deserves 5 stars, but I can't justify 5 stars based upon one experience. That being said, this place is outstanding. Four of us went there last Friday (their one month anniversary) and the food, atmosphere and service were all exceptional. Many of the dishes were unfamiliar to us and the server very patiently and naturally answered all of our questions (blondish, slightly faux-hawkish hair). Bf and I split the caldo verde which was excellent, texture was very good and the chorico topper was delicious. We also had the grilled sardines (perfect) and the chicken gizzards (outstanding. spicier than i expected, but excellent). cozido (the phonetic 'spelling' is indeed the restaurant's name). We didn't know what to expect with the cozido, but it was delicious. It was a mixed braise of meats, I remember a piece of pork shoulder and chicken thigh with some braised cabbage and root veg. Definitely a meal to share and we definitely had to take some home after everything else. Our friends ordered the salt cod salad (I would go back for that alone), the mushroom turnovers (delicious, but i could only manage one bite since my stomach + fried foods = uh-uh), the caldo verde as well anddd.....some dish with sauteed or grilled shrimp. I would recommend everything we tried. My boyfriend and I very rarely agree on favorite restaurants and we both loved everything here and we are both eager to return (him to try the steak with crispy potatoes, me to work my way through all of their baccala dishes)....Family-style gourmet Portuguese cuisine in a charming cottage-like restaurant. It's simple but hearty food, with an abundance of roasted meats and grilled seafood. I will say that this food is on the saltier side, but you should be good as long as you wash it down periodically with some BYO wine (I recommend Portuguese vinho verde, a light slightly bubbly wine). Everything from the ceramic-ware to the rooster iconography was reminiscent of a trip I took to Portugal last year.
The breadbaskets provided a lovely prelude to the meal, a combination of baked-that-day Pao (flour-based rolls) and Broa (peasant corn-based bread). Keep enough around for the meal to sop up some of the delicious sauces that will inevitably remain on the plates. 
Everything we got was perfectly cooked, and I'd recommend every dish we tried:  
- Moelas: braised chicken gizzards, tender and chewy 
- Rissóis (turnovers) of cheese and artichokes: croquette pockets with a creamy filling
- Bacalhau Salad: chickpeas and cod salad; a lighter dish, to be sure, but refreshing  
- Bife à Portuguesa: Steak layered with proscuitto, served with eggs over easy and twice fried potatoes; the meat was tender and flavorful and the potatoes knocked it out of the park 
- Açorda de Cogumelos (a "bread soup"): the more apt description I can think of is that this was a savory bread pudding with mushrooms, cheese, and poached eggs; really different from anything I've tried in the past
Save room for dessert! The Portuguese are known for their sweet-tooths, and the co-owner was nominated for James Beard best outstanding pastry chef last year. We had (and loved): 
- Chocolate Figs: Four delectable chocolate covered figs, half of which are stuffed with chocolate-almond paste and the other and the other with caramelized hazelnuts
- Macarons: chocolate mousse sandwiched between almond meringue cookies; these are similar to French macarons, but bigger in size - and the meringue cookies here are a little more brittle and less chewy than their French counterpart. This plate of three macarons also come with these super addictive brandied cherries. 
Our server was very patient with explaining the menu, since in general most patrons aren't too familiar with Portuguese food. And for the quality of food, it surprisingly wasn't that expensive given that we shared everything family style and the portions were pretty substantial. Koo Zee Doo made for an absolutely lovely evening.My family is from Portugal where i spent most of my summers as a kid. At Koo Zee Doo you will have REAL Portuguese food!    Nothing fancy but excellent ingredients and definitively something different. The service is impeccable and the restaurant itsellf is very nice, they even have outdoor dining! To top all of this, it is BYOB! I recommend the Caldo Verde and the Pork and Clams.I made a reservation when I heard KZD was closing because it's been on my list forever. The space is cute, exposed brick and teeny open kitchen. Crazy to think that everything is cooked in that small of a space.
We started with the octopus gravy and the spicy seafood salad. Both were delicious and trumped our entree. The octopus was incredibly tender, I almost didn't believe it was actually octopus. They somehow got it to be soft instead of the usual slightly rubbery texture octopus can have. The gravy was amazing and smoky, and great to dip the extra bread in...which by the way was probably the star of the meal. The bread is baked in house and is unbelievable. The spicy seafood salad was also great. Reminiscent of ceviche with huge pieces of shrimp, lobster, and crab meat.
For our entree we split the crispy duck rice. This was a little bit of a let down. While the duck on top of the rice was tender and flavorful, the crust was definitely salt overload. The rice was tasty with pieces of duck throughout, but overall lacked a bit of flavor. The dish could have definitely benefited from a sauce.
Overall a good dinner, happy I got to go before it closed. BYOB. Cash only!Gotta love a Portuguese byob in the no libs.
I have been eating Portuguese food for years.  One of my best friends is Portuguese so I cut my teeth at a few places in Newark.  With that being said, I enjoyed my dinner at Koo Zee Doo.
Four of us walked into the small, quaint space on N. 2nd.  First things I noticed were the open kitchen (plus) and the exposed brick (double plus).  We were seated immediately and began to look over the menu.
We decided on the shrimp in piri piri, chicken gizzards and the Salada de Cores.  I was very happy with all of the appetizers.  The shrimp in hot sauce was very flavorful and they prepared the dish with large shrimp, head on (that's where all the flavor is).  The sauce was so tasty that I cleaned it up with some bread.  The chicken gizzards were served in a small casserole in a delicate sauce.  They were soft and very flavorful.  The salad was also surprisingly good.  It was bursting with flavor from the dressing and the veggies were cut nicely so it wasn't awkward to eat.  Nice presentation.
For the entrees we chose the rabbit special and the Feijoada de Marisco.  The rabbit was awesome.  Very rich tasting but not heavy.  I definitely ate more of it than I should have.  Rabbit tends to be bony by nature so this was just par for the course as far as I was concerned.  Once again, some bread was used for sopping up sauce.  The seafood and bean stew was prepared well but lacked the "pop" of the other dishes.  Don't get me wrong, it was very tasty.  It just sort of paled in comparison to the rabbit.
Our meal concluded with four of us splitting one dessert.  Tarte de Amendôa which was light a flavorful.  Just the right amount of sweet after our very savory meal.
I will go back to this place.  Next time, it's Bife à Portuguesa.went for a friend's birthday dinner this past weekend. i must preface that some of my friends really loved the food while i did not. so it all depends on your palette. 
we got the tasting menu...very reasonably priced - $50 for tax and tip. pretty awesome. 
3 appetizers - family styled 
-moelas - chicken gizzards - it was good. glad i didn't know what gizzards were till after i ate em. 
-the shrimp with hot sauce - it's no joke. it lit up my mouth but i loved it. it was my favorite - 3 of my friend bought the restaurants hot sauce b/c they loved it so much. not meant for wusses.
-smoked sausage - i straight up tasted salt. nothing else. no thanks.
3 entrees
-salada de cores - it was really good. the beets were delicious.
-had pork & clams with potatoes - the potatoes were super goooood! other stuff was standard.
-baked duck rice - it was okay. the rice or the duck or the combo of it together...some of it was hard to bite into especially on the edges of the dish...but the middle was good!  
3 desserts - this was my favooooooooooorite! i loved their desserts! they don't have it on their website...but let's just say..they redeemed themselves with their desserts. it was so good.Cute little restaurant that is both romantic and intimate. As others have said, don't be too discouraged by the prizes of the entrees as they are so large that you are expected to share an entree with somebody. We got two appetizers and an entree and ended up taking some of the entree home.
In tems of the food, everything was cooked perfectly with fresh ingredients, and oh my gosh, the food was absolutely delicious. Home style cooking with just the right amount of spice. Will definitely be coming back! And it's a BYO!
Service was friendly and attentive as well as knowledgeable about the food. Definitely recommend this placeI loved it! The dimly lit dining room in this restaurant was the perfect setting for a quiet birthday dinner on a Monday. . .until the dining room filled up with patrons for late night dining, then things got lively. After tasting the food, I can understand why this place is so popular, even on a day when most people don't eat out. Everything was very tasty and comforting with a variety of flavors and textures.
In addition to the deliciousness of the main courses and appetizers, this place does not skimp on the size, quality or flavor of their desserts (I'm not usually a dessert person). It's been months and I still can't stop thinking about how good the almond tart is here.i wish i knew how to say delicious in Portuguese...just a lovely dinner. Gizzards were the best i have ever had. Potatoes, Shellfish, Passionfruit Napolean. Nice staff. Friendly Chef in the open kitchen indulged our questions. Highly recommended. My second favorite restaurant in Philadelphia after Pumpkin.This place is really wonderful.  Great ambiance, good service, and amazing food served family style.  One of the best restaurants in PhiladelphiaWith these last lovely summer days, my mind wanders to those places in the city that serve the best summer dishes and cocktails.  Koo Zee doo for one, serves the best summer salad - it is so farm fresh, simple and delicious.   Get their Salada de Cores (or chopped vegetable salad) Served in a red wine coriander vinaigrette with hints of cilantro, chunks of juicy beets, asparagus, different types of radishes, white beans, gorgeous summer carrots - it's crunchtastic and so yummy.  Throw in a order of mussels, a lovely Sauvignon Blanc and you have the beginnings of a perfect summer meal.  Enough for two.
Sit in their tiny outdoor patio for the full effect.  One of the few BYOBs open Monday nights.Let us take a little trip to the northern liberties of Philadelphia, PA to Koo Zee Doo.  This tiny restaurant on 2nd and Spring Garden has a great feel to it, with friendly staff and an open aired kitchen.  Please note this is a BYOB, so be prepared.
When we arrived the waitress let us know that tonights special was suckling pig.  One of my favorites!!!  But led us into the tasting menu, since it was our first time and I can tell you that we were not dissapointed.  I mean how can you be with, literally 15 courses, yes I said 15 courses!!!! (3 items at 5 courses)
Our 1st course(apps)
Chicken gizzards
-singnature dish and it doesn't disappoint
cod carpaccio
-raw cod with oil and salt, simple and deliciously fresh
Portuguese brushetta (what I am caling it)
-was a special and should be on the menu
2nd Course (salad);
Spicy Seafood salad 
-not too spicy, good balance
Chopped veggie salad w/prosciutto in a red wine dressing
-I wanted to drink the dressing, meat was fresh as were the veggies
Heirloom tomato salad with olives and feta
-WHAT?!? I could have eaten this all night long
3rd course (seafood/fish):
seafood stew
-lobster tail, scallops and shrimp in a light broth
Salted cod wrapped in bacon(changes daily)
-skin was crisp and fish was light and moist
fresh sardines over a toast
-easy preparation, grilled with oil and citurs
4th course (main/meat):
suckling pig (not a whole one)
-enough said
Steak w/fried egg and yukon gold "chips"
-med rare steak nicely seasoned with a fried egg and fried potato
Chorizo 'patty' side of beans
-crisp on the outside and the beans were creamy and smooth
5th course (dessert):
passion fruit napoleon
2 kind of choco covered dates
raspberry sobet with a 'brownie' (can't remember what it was called)
housemade goat cheese, brioche toast and a tomato jam drizzled with honey (this was the most amazing item all night!!)
Go to this place and just get the tasting menu!My new favorite place in Philly! stop reading these reviews and just go there. Here are some quick tips: Cash only, BYOB, and get the pork and clams!Koo Zee Doo is a Philly gem in Northern Liberties. Went to the restaurant on a Thursday night. There were 6 other couples there. Restaurant atmosphere was excellent with great overhead Portuguese music. The food was great. We had the clams and the Bacalhau a gomes sa. The only reason for 4 instead of 5 is due to the very salty clams. otherwise, it deserves a 5 all the way.At first when we walked into Koo Zee Doo, we loved the decor and all the food looked great. However, we did not see a hostess, and kinda stood around the cramped entrance with another group of people for five minutes or so wondering if anyone noticed us. Eventally the hostess came around and showed us to our seats. She was not exactly pleasant, so we had low expectations for the rest of the meal.
Well, I'm happy to say that we ended up having a great experience! We sat on the patio out back and it was really very charming. It was enclosed and had a little garden back there. Our waitress was wonderful. Very sweet and attentive. She brought us out homemade bread and these little beans. WOW. Best bread I've ever had. When we raved about it to her, she brought us more! I had a really hard time not eating the whole thing and ruining my appetite. The beans were a great snack too!
We ordered the chicken gizzards and the crab salad for appetizers. Both were fantastic. I was hesitant on ordering the gizzards at first, but I dove right in and they were great. The crab salad was really fresh and delicious as well. 
We had the steak with fried egg for our entree. It came with fried potatoes on the side, so it really resembled a super fancy steak and eggs breakfast. I'm totally ok with that. The steak was cooked perfectly so tender and was served with prosciutto (or something similar). 
For dessert we ordered the "chocolate salami", It was really more like 3 little tiny deserts. The chocolate salami (slices of dark chocolate with vanilla cookie bits), chocolate covered stuffed figs (I believe they were stuffed with almond creme or something similar) and homemade chocolate whipped cream with a small sliver of an almond chocolate bar. It was the perfect amount of decadence without making us feel overstuffed. 
One of the best parts of the meal was timing. After finishing our dessert, I looked at my watch. We had been there for two hours! Yet, at no time did I feel as though we were waiting too long in between courses. 
KZD was great. We'll definitely be adding it to our regular restaurant rotation.This place easily made it to my top 10 Philly restaurants, even after the first visit.
Koo Zee Doo is THAT awesome.
Cozy interior, such a perfect place to take your date. The kitchen is situated where you can see it so that you know your food is being prepared fresh. I almost swear it was done so that the smell it gives off could drive you crazy.... my mouth was watering the whole time.
They serve traditional Portuguese drinks in a glass (carbonated beverages in an assortment of flavors), which was pretty good and almost made me feel like I was somewhere else besides Philly for a moment.
Our server let us know off the bat that the portions were very large, and that they were meant to be shared. We followed his advice and decided to skip the appetizers and share one entree, followed by dessert.
Pre app apps (as I named them because I'm silly) were a homemade wheat and corn bread served with lupini beans. The bread was very dense and a bit hard to chew through, but sooo delicious. The lupini beans were out of this world- I've never tried them prior, and they kind of taste like cheese in a weird sense. To eat them you have to bite the middle of the shell- it pops right out like a seed, but it's chewy and full of flavor.
Moving on, the cool thing about this place is that they have their set menu, and every day of the week they offer a specialty entree.
Since we came on a Sunday, we went ahead with the Grilled Chicken and Spareribs. Very big portion. Good for two, but if you are a light eater, maybe even three. The ribs were a slightly overcooked and a bit dry, but the chicken was tasty. It came with round cut fries and a spicy vinegar tasting sauce (so good!). It also came with rice and beans on the side, which were paired wonderfully with the meat.
Now for the greatest part of my trip to Koo Zee Do.. the dessert! This desert has to be hands down, the best desert I've had in Philly to date. It beats Max Brenner. It beats Naked. I'm a big pastry whore, so naturally I'm very selective when it comes to quality of desserts.
I ordered the Bolo de Bolacha, which is a coffee soaked wafer with buttercream, and fruit compote. The cake was a bit salty, but paired with the sweet fruit compote is a match made in heaven. Such a wonderful surprise in your mouth.
I would go back to this restaurant 3498204802834 more times, and I'm sure you'll find a lot of other fellow Yelpers that feel the same about Koo Zee Do.
Pictures added as always for my Yelpers :)I'm sad that this place is closed. I loved it here. Each dish is unique, flavorful, and huge. I miss their chicken gizzards and salad. The staff is great. I can peep the chefs from my table. I MISS THIS PLACE =((