Only eat here if you are broke. It's alright at best. In the basement over priced for what you are getting.The food was mediocre. Kimchi was a disappoinment too. The girl taking my order was talking to a friend on the phone, and didn't even put it down or stop responding whole talking to me. LameHeard great things about this place. Was so looking forward to its opening bus let down. jap chae was disappointing lacked flavor, wings were good. bulgogi was toughWe are so happy that this place also opens in center city. It was one of our favorite places to dine in at University city. Casual vibe, great food and super affordable price.I've been trying to find a good korean place around center city and Koreana just opened up on 19th about 3wks ago. The food selections are basic korean dishes, but this little place has a good variety to choose from. Also reasonably priced, korean food normally costs more anywhere you go. I enjoyed the KFC (korean fried chicken) wings and I liked that they give you different options on the amount of wings you can choose from. I'll be going here for lunch again whenever I want korean food.I was working out of Downtown Philly and was looking for a good, but fairly healthy and inexpensive lunch.  This place fit the bill just right.  I ordered something on the spicy side and they inquired about my spice preference.  I ordered it medium spicy and it was perfectly spicy for me.  Would definitely go back again if in Downtown Philadelphia.This is a fast casual joint where you order at the counter
We ordered kimchi fries, seafood pancake, beef bulgogi rice bap cup, and spicy rice cakes
The kimchi fries were very good. If they would have separated the fries and the sauce so we could dip as we went along this would have been even better as the fries got a lil soggy at the end. Fried potatoes go surprisingly well with Korean food
Seafood pancake was a bit undercooked as the pancake batter was still a little runny. I prefer it to be crispy on both sides 
Bulgogi beef rice and noodle cup was good. Flavor was good and so was the portion
The spicy rice cakes were pretty standard. Nothing out of the ordinaryHad a quick delicious dinner including beef bibopbim, stir fried clear noodles and spicy chicken with rice, all recommended by the server.  All were delicious.  Added sweet spicy sauce to the rice noodles and enjoyed by my 6 year old and us adults.  Hit the spot on a cool summer evening.I go here for lunch about once per week and have always been very satisfied.  I always get some chicken or pork variation of the lunch box. It's maybe $11 and a great value for all the different tasty (and high quality) foods that are included.  Everything seems very fresh.Joined a friend for a work day lunch and LOVED it. Can't wait to go back. Had the beef dolsat and ordered the kimchi fries but didn't get to the fries. 
Definitely worth a visit.My go-to spot for lunch or a quick take-out dinner. I love their Tofu Kimchi rice and Kimchi fried rice. Lunch bento box is really good as well but I usually can't finish it. The portions are big. Highly recommend!I was really excited to try this place when I saw it opened near my office building. Korean food options in Philly are very few and far, and most of the time, subpar. Sad to say you can add this one to the list. 
I ordered kimchi fried rice and what I got was... not kimchi-fried rice. There were peas and corn in the rice, which is totally nontraditional. It honestly just tasted like shrimp fried rice from a Chinese takeout place with some red pepper sauce tossed in it. It came with miso soup on the side (why??) and a little cup of kimchi, which did not taste like kimchi at all. 
If you can't even make the simplest of Korean dishes, I doubt any of the other menu items taste will taste even remotely authentic. Please do NOT go here if you want real Korean food - this is a poor imitation and a complete disappointment.Wow !! Very authentic and delicious Korean food, a new hidden go to ! Best I've tasted outside of SeoulA 3 that could easily be a 4+
My take out order went smoothly and my japchae was in my hands quicker then I had expected. Piping hot, the noodles and vegetables were awesome. I really enjoyed them. Where there was trouble was the limited pieces of beef that I did have were VERY over cooked. I was personally not a fan of their small side of kimchi (and I basically love all kimchi) and the miso soup was literally only 1/4 full. It was more of a miso shot, then a soup. These are easily correctable issues. Their fried chicken as I spied on the way out looked tasty. On the fence here if I am going back.TBH the only thing that's worth 4 stars here is the bento box. It comes with some gimbap, potstickers, a miso-type soup, salad, rice and a protein. It's very filling and tasty--I've been happy with both the beef and spicy pork. I'm also happy with their self serve water and free barley tea, located right next to their cash register. Additionally, they don't have banchan, but they do have free kimchi (that you must ask for)
However, the rest of the fare is pretty average. For instance, their yukjaejang is a dead ringer for shin ramen. Shin ramen is delicious, but definitely not when I'm paying $8-$9. Their tofu soup is also meh, and their kimchi fries were pretty soggy. Overall, I would stick with their lunch boxes and bibimbap. And if they ever introduce their galbi wrap from their penn location, I would recommend that as well!For dish #1 hey ran out of the meat I wanted after I had paid, and then for dish #2 gave me bland tofu when I asked for pork. So that was not great. But the food is very good for the most part, the (what would have been galbi but was replaced with cheaper meat) galbi tang soup broth is really really awesome. I will be back for that, maybe some KFC, and hope the ordering process is a little better.Is it amazing? Well, not quite, but it definitely fulfills the Korean food cravings with fairly good quality. 
Have tried at least 7-8 things on the menu, including bibimbap, chicken galbi, etc. And honestly, the kimchi fries are also pretty bomb - brings me back to hipster Korean Mexican in Austin.What a hidden gem! Having lived in Korea, I'm always skeptical about Korean food in the US, but this was some of the most authentic and affordable Korean food I've found!
Ordered a large to-go order for lunch and it was ready earlier than expected. Everything was freshly prepared and nicely packaged. The lunch boxes are very filling and come with a nice variety of food: salad, kimbap, dumplings, kimchi, miso soup, and your choice of entree with rice.
Kimchi fries didn't have actual kimchi on it, but some sort of spicy kimchi-like saucr and nacho cheese. A big hit with my teammates.
Cup bap is a significant portion and includes some vegetables and japchae noodles. (Would recomend the cup bap over just a rice plate.)
Seafood pajeon had good flavor, but not great to-go because it gets soggy from the steam in the box.
Highly highly recommend this place!!I went the first few days they opened and the food was great and fresh, and I would have given this place 4 or maybe 5 stars. Since then it has gone downhill with the freshness of the dishes, which is much less consistent. I got some onions in my soondubu that weren't very fresh during my most recent trip. Portions also seem a bit smaller too. Used to consider myself a regular but haven't gone back that much recently at all. Disappointing.We are frequent visitors to Koreana on 38th. We tried online ordering for the first time. One of us was a strict vegetarian and had ordered a 'C4. sweet and sour cup bap'. The description for C4 did not mention meat as one of the ingredients. The vegetarian person assumed it was tofu since she didn't know any better. I tasted it and couldn't tell if it was meat. I called Koreana and the person was vehement about C4 being chicken and not vegetarian to begin with. After telling them about the description, all she said was 'sorry'.
We fell short of food because of this mishap and had to buy again elsewhere - neither did they offer to refund, which I thought was quite insensitive to vegetarians.
Overall, I don't recommend it to vegetarians, but for others it is one of the better options for Korean food in Philly.Only been once, but so far SO GOOD! I got the 6 pc SPICY chicken wings. That was a mistake, I shoulda got the 10 pc. Holy crap are they good!! Top 5 wing I've ever had. I also did a 4 pc fried pork dumplings. Very good also... Only reason I went 4 instead of 5 was the time to prepare the order. Literally 30 mins from order to pick up and the place was dead at the time. But who knows, maybe you just can't rush perfection. I'll be back tho, that's how good the food was. I'll just add another 10-15 minutes from their estimated p/u time.Lives up to the hype! We had the hot stone bowl with pork and it was amazing. Great lunch option in center city! The portions are generous and the food is flavorful.  A must try for sure! I can't wait to come back and try the rest of the things on the menu.Our group of 4 came here for lunch at 11:45 on what turned into an insanely busy Driday lunch rush.  You gotta come early or the waits are long.
We shared 20 wings (double fried, K-style spricy and soy) and each got entrees.
Note - way to much food.  Next time just the entrees or fewer wings.
The food was great - the Gal-bi (beef) costs $4 extra but for me it is worth it.
We like Giwa too, but Koreana is a winner in my book.
I shall return.The flavor of the food was on point and all dishes are reasonably priced. I love that they provide a small portion of soup and kimchi with your entree. I docked a star because my japchae was very wet and overly salty. The fat and liquid pooled at the bottom of the bowl, and made for a pretty gross end of meal experience.place is great. I went again recently during covid shut down, the staff are super nice still. I love the food here and the serviceSame great food as the original one from University City, with reasonable prices. My favorite item is the Galbi Tang -- very flavorful and well seasoned, with tender beef chunks. 
I'll usually order online and walk over to pick it up; occasionally I'll have to wait a bit for my order even when the restaurant isn't busy, but generally it's reasonably quick.Service insanely slow. Website says 15 minutes but it can take close to one hour sometimes. They often forget the kimchi for take out.The food is delicious, satisfying, and crave-worthy! But...the service is sloww. Plan ahead, call your order in or order online. This review really should be 3 stars because the service is so slow, but the food is that good. 
I highly recommend the cup baps especially the sweet and sour chicken and sweet and sour tofu. It's a decent portion for the price.More than 30 minutes wait at lunchtime. Not good.. No acknowledgement for the delay. You can't mess up like this downtown. But the food is very good.A few co-workers and I went here for lunch, the line was kind of long as expected on a Friday at 12:30. What I didn't expect was how long it took for them to prepare our orders. We waited for roughly 45 minutes before we got our food. As a restaurant in the city, you can't have your patrons waiting for that long just to get food to go. I hope this was just a fluke but if this happens all the time, they need to fix it or the place will close down within a year.
Pro is that they give a side of Kim Chi with your food and their food is okay.I like the bento box a lot! It's a good amount of food for the price and if you order through ritual it is ready in less than 15 minutes. It's not the most out of this world food but for a quick lunch it is better than many of your other nearby options.Awesome addition to the Korean offerings in center city!! The kimbap was pretty good and at a good price ($4!), and their kimchi fried rice was really delicious and filling.  I'm really excited to try more of their food!3 out of the 3 times I ordered from here were horrible. The first time I never received my order and it was never made. I received an email acknowledging that the order was never made and a refund would be sent. Second time I ordered the food came and the soups spilled in the plastic bags the containers were in so I had to pour the soups out of the plastic bags and into bowls. The 3rd time I ordered the same thing happened with the soups and part of the order was missing. I called for either a refund on the missing items or to have them be delivered. I was told no refund could be given but if I ordered again they would send the missing item. I shouldn't have to spend more money to receive the things I already paid for. My mood is completely ruined and I'll definitely not be ordering againThe food is okay. They have the fried wings but do not give out the radish cubes like University City location. Korean wings are best with the radish cubes and they're not difficult to make so I'm disappointed that they do t have it together.Very bad service; We waited for our food about 1 hour!    And, at the end, we got wrong food!  
If you want to waste your time, please come here!
This place is messed up !Korean options in Center City are minimal. That said this place is not bad. Closer to 3.5 stars. 
Japchae and kimbap were good. Most of the entrees were a little expensive for what you get but not out of the ordinary for Korean. Kimbap at $4 not a bad price. 
I slightly prefer Giwa for the price point but Koreana is closer to my home so I would come here again.Good place for comfort food. Their price is in the normal range. Sometimes it takes a little long for the food to be ready, but I think overall it's still nice to have the Korean food in center city area.I'm with it. $10 for a lunch box that includes a choice of meat, salad, miso soup, rice, 2 dumplings, and 3 kimbap pieces. It's a little bit of everything. Compared to the Koreana in University City, this location is much more dressed up and sleek. Plenty of seating and all the same stuff that they have at the other location. This one is closed Sunday and open on Monday, which is the reverse of the other location.I ordered take out and delivery. It was delivered in less than 30 minutes. I ordered soy garlic chicken wings and the were delicious. I highly recommend them. In addition, bimbim bap dolsot was ordered. It was also delicious. Very tasty and just the right amount of spice.The food is great but it took over half an hour to get a bowl of soup. I would not recommend coming if you are in a rush.I came to know and love Koreana from its University City location.  My first shot at Koreana in Rittenhouse (a take out order) showed consistency between locations.
I managed to sneak in right before the noon rush.  Actually, I got in around 1210, but a line formed nearly immediately after I ordered.  They offer a great deal on a few lunch specials and also have lunch 'boxes' as well. I decided to go straight for the Beef Bulgogi lunch box.  
The lunch box is sort of a sampler, as it comes with rice, salad, a pair of  dumplings, and a few slices (3) of kimbap.  Mine also came with a small miso soup, however, I didn't see that included on the menu (not complaining).  I could live without the salad, however, everything else was great.  The beef bulgogi was delish and included just the right amount of seasoning.  The dumplings had a good deal of meat.  My only complaint on the kimbap was that there wasn't enough.  And at about $12, the price point felt right.
I didn't wait too long for my order to be boxed up and delivered.  I can see the wait time being a bit long if you go at true peak time.  While they do have the option to eat-in, seating is a bit limited.  Net, really good Korean food.  I'll be back and am happy to have another go-to lunch spot!I admit that I hold a certain standard when it comes down to Korean food. After growing up eating Korean food for many decades, un-authentic Korean food just pains me. But what angers me is when the cashier can't even pronounce what the dish is called, such as the case for Koreana. 
Koreana does adequate job on some dishes, which is why I still go back despite my many issues with Koreana. (Also the reason why I'm giving it 3 star as opposed to 2 star, because I don't want them to close - just want them to improve). 
Their Daenjang jjigae (soybean paste-based soup) and Galbitang are actually pretty decent. Kimbab is good. Ddukbokee is okay too. 
Any of their spicy soup-based stuff : STAY AWAY. If you do have to order their kimchi jjigae, yukgaejang, or soon dooboo jjigae - please know that this is NOT how these dishes are supposed to taste like. It pains me to think that some people in center city Philadelphia might think this is what korean food tastes like. Because it's not. Their broth is shallow and weird and have no depth. Their spice profile is off - it's not korean. I actually make way better kimchi jjigae myself than theirs. 
Now, whenever I order here over the phone, the cashiers cannot say what the dish is, nor do they understand it. I was actually quite worried that they might get my order wrong. I understand that you can't hire only Korean servers and cashiers, but they need to at least know how to say the name of the dish correctly. Otherwise it'll forever be the place that I refer to my friends as the not-very-korean restaurant.This is the best Korean restaurant in Philly. Although I used to like Seorabol Korean Restaurant in Olney, PA, their new location one didn't keep the original recipe and ingredients. So, I was disappointed with them. This is a new comer in town. All about this restaurant is a good balanced tastes with so many variation at a reasonable price. Rice ball is just $5 for 2. The Japanese restaurant I went to recently sells one rice ball for $6. Also, I thought their Kimbap "Futo maki sushi" was so good. I noticed because their white rice was perfectly cooked and tasty. Soon Dubu is also great. It's not too spicy and it has lots of ingredients makes me abundant.I had the dolsot for lunch today. I got the hot stone bowl with tofu which also came with miso soup on the side. It was filling with a generous portion and was the home-cooked heart warming meal I was craving! Make sure to get kimchi on the side for the right crunch and flavor!Really cute and convenient spot, great prices for delicious Korean food for sure. They also have a cute rotating light outsideReally good food, great service, awesome prices, and convenient location. I came here for lunch with a co-worker. I ordered the beef bibimbap with veggies. It was $10 and change. This is a bit cheaper than Giwa on Sansom. Plus, when the meal came out (no more than 10 minutes later), it came with a cup of miso soup broth, which was a very nice and delicious touch. The red sauce that came with the meal was delicious. The flavor of the beef was on point. The rice was cooked perfectly. The veggies were fresh. I was very happy with my meal. The place is not big, and I can see it eventually becoming crazy at lunch, but it will be worth it if they keep up with the good food and service.Recommended checking this place for some delicious Korean options in Center City.  The prices are reasonable and the food seemed to come out relatively quick.  I stopped in to place a to-go order and was on my way within 15 minutes.  The Kimbab was $4 for a roll and was very good.I've been coming here for a while now and my go-to order is Deok Bokki Kimbap combo. First handful of times I thought it was great - good food for decent price. I would always order take out and what I got was very consistent. However, I went to dine in one time and since then, it has been downhill. I find the consistency of the order is always different - from how much you get dine in/order out to hard rice in the Kimbap. I love Korean food and still occasionally go but it's disappointing when the quality isn't consistent.Best Korean food I've had in a long time. The Spicy chicken is mouth-watering and so reasonable for lunch. Huge portion for just $9 that includes a miso soup (there are also about 7 or 8 other lunch dishes at this price).I tried their tofu noodle dish yesterday. Very delicious also, it came with a side of soup which was an extra add on that I didn't expect. But that also, was amazing. Will be trying out more food here.Loved Koreana in U city but love this location even more (so accessible with updated and modern decor)
A lot of my favorites are still on the menu, like the D8 chicken but they also added new options like kimchi fries (perfect combination of crispy and softer fries topped with generous kimchi) and cupbaps (hearty cups filled with rice, veggies, vermicelli noodles, and meat)
The portions are awesome for the price and I will definitely be returning!The food is average regarding price, portion and taste. I ordered Kimchi Jijiage and la Galbi. The soup was a decent portion with the familiar amount of heat. I can say they add a more than a fair amount of pork compared to other restaurants. However it started strong and ended on a whimper. The initial flavors were robust and fragrant however the flavor gets lost as it cools. The La Galbi was a very small amount of meat for $12. It has a great presentation and it's tender but tasteless.
This restaurant is a nicely decorated for a to go or Korean on the go meal. If it's lunch time I would order ahead if possible and only if I worked in the area, I would not make a special trip. But this is a clean but very causal restaurant when it comes to dining in. So if I wanted the Korean experience there are better and cheaper choices.I can only review a small order of fried wing dings I purchased today using the new Ritual App. I paid a special price of $1.00 for 6 mini wings and they quite good. They with spicy sauce or mild soy Sauce. The regular price is $6.50. I don't think I will pay they much for such small wings only if they came with a side order. Cute little restaurant next door to Swiss Haus bakery.This is one of my favorite spots in University City! The D8 is unmatched !! It's reasonably priced and the service is amazing! They accept all forms of payment including Venmo.Good solid Korean restaurant. Food was fresh, and flavorful. The reason for the four stars than five stars is the lack of sides that traditional Korean restaurants provide with their mealsThe original place on 39th and Chestnut is better than this. Their sundubu at this location lacks flavor.Ordered the Korean fried chicken spicy, and this will be my go to korean fried chicken spot from now on! The wings are huge, the spicy is actually spicy and they're a good price. Def worth checking outI'll admit I don't know what I would enjoy the most since I rarely have Korean food, but I'm happy with my choice of Beef Bulgogi Dolsot. The beef had nice flavor. There wasn't a lot of veggies mixed in and the egg yolk was about half runny. I'm not a huge fan of the hot sauce so I only used a little and the rice started to be a bit plain towards the end but it was filling and a nice change from my usual!1 Star for the customer service experienced. I placed an order on Grubhub and have been a long time 10+ year customer of Koreana University City. I didn't realize they had a new location in Rittenhouse and accidentally placed the order at that location. I IMMEDIATELY called the restaurant at 5:37 after placing my order at 5:36. Spoke to a woman who confirmed my name and order and said " thank you so much for calling. We will NOT prepare your order and please call Grubhub to cancel the order ". I called Grubhub and they said they would call the restaurant to confirm. After Grubhub came on the line they said they couldn't cancel the order because the restaurant already prepared the order .... 
I spoke to the same female when I called back and she said that she didn't know the other staff member already started making it so they can't refund me. She handed the phone off to another male coworker. He said " I started making it because it came through fax. Who takes the responsibility??" How about your staff member that originally thanked me for calling ??? He refused to refund me no matter what even though I'm picking up the SAME ORDER from their other location in Ucity and am now paying $20 for 2 of the same meal, 1 of which will never be picked up?? 
I was honestly surprised and taken aback by the lack of ownership of responsibility by the restaurant staff as a whole and trying to blame me as the customer. Although I understand I ordered incorrectly initially, I took all the correct courses of action immediately - and they went back on their word from when i originally called, and I consider that unprofessional on all accounts. Clearly I will not be returning or supporting their business in any capacity and would caution others to heed caution.Miso soup was so salty that it's not drinkable and very little chicken. Will not order from here againSo good!! I'm a massive fan of their kimchi fried rice, bimimbap, kimbap, soy wings and bulgolgi bento boxes.My new favorite lunch spot by work! They're fast, food is delicious and portion is good! 
A guilty pleasure of mine is the fried dumplings! A little pricy but they hit the spot lol I usually get it to share since the entree contains ample amount of food already. 
My only tip is that be ready to smell like korean food for the rest of the afternoon.  Lol will need to have body spray ready in the office!I've been going to this place since college at their Penn location. Fast, cheap Korean food. After upwards of 10+ orders, I can confirm it is consistent. Personal favorites include the kimchi jiggae, soon dubu, kimchi pancake, and steamed mandu. Pro tip: they sometimes have BOGO deals through Uber Eats and you can order for pickup.Vibes: modern, fast casual, counter and table seating 
Tasting notes:
-Bulgolgi dolsot: comes with fried egg on top and miso soup and spicy gochujang (though not the pasty kind) on the side; flavorful, generous slices of beef mixed in with chips of crispy rice with each scrape of the hot stone bowl
Other thoughts:
-Pricing is reasonable, around 8-11 dollars a main dish 
-Drink fridge stocked like the Asian grocery store (hello Ito-En bold unsweetened green tea!)
-Asian snacks (aka Hello Panda) available
-Credit-card friendly
-Finally a Korean restaurant I can get behind in Center City! 
Will come back for: the soups and soondubu in colder weather!Was excited to have bubble tea right across from work. Unfortunately the bubbles were hard and either old, or underdone. The rest of their food looks good though!Food arrived cold. Noodles and beef dish were subpar at best. 
Wings are other hand were very good. 
Recommend spending your money on other Korean places in the city- better quality for similar prices.This is for delivery - I ordered kalbi tang when I was feeling sick (I'm talking body aches, feeling super weak and headache) and I swear THIS KALBI TANG CURED ME. It was exactly like I wanted, the broth was super rich and flavorful, there was a lot of beef, and I loved how it came with kimchi. I was so impressed esp after hearing subpar reviews about this place but was really craving Korean soup. The delivery itself was pretty quick, coming earlier than expected, and the food was still very hot. Definitely planning on visiting the actual restaurant in the futureBe prepared that Koreana gets crowded around lunchtime! We got in right after 12 noon and luckily just missed the weekday lunch line. However, it still took around 30 minutes to get our take-out order. 
I got the Chicken Galbi and the Korean fried wings to share. The chicken galbi came with rice, a small side salad, kimchee, and miso soup. The side salad was nothing to write about, I actually wished they added veggies to the chicken as opposed to having something on the side. The miso soup was pretty much just broth (no substantial tofu or greens detected) but just the right amount of saltiness. The chicken was pretty good, with a fairly generous portion. It was much better than the pork galbi which was quite dry. 
I've only had Korean fried wings at Bonchon, but I prefer the ones at Koreana. They were not overly crispy but still had a good crunch. I would definitely get them again!
I like that Koreana adds to the selection of restaurants around Commerce Square. I feel like there are a lot of salad and sandwiches places, but glad that there different cuisines have started to pop up.I've actually been to this restaurant several times. I've had their chicken wings and I personally don't think they are that great. They are only OK and since it's only OK I would probably pass on it. You can order Korean chicken wings from a better place. I've had their kimchi fried rice which was delicious. I also ordered their lunch special the Spicy Chicken Galbi Bento Box. It comes with spicy chicken, rice, salad, dumplings, and KimBap. I think this is a great deal because you get to sample a little bit of almost everything and it was absolutely delicious! I'm curious to try other dishes but one thing I do know for certain is skip the chicken wings and go someplace else that specializes in Korean chicken wings because when you try that type you'll never go back.I was reading a review from the 38th street location and I cannot agree more that if you don't like the gochujang sauce that is on the side, the bibim-bap is intensely bland.
The menu reads "marinated" chicken however my bowl contained only a few dry morsels of unseasoned meat. I would have preferred if the chicken had been cooked with a soy, garlic or teriyaki sauce. Bottom line, I don't recommend this particular dish unless it tastes any better with the side sauce poured on top. 
As far as other criteria - staff was very friendly, place was clean, and customers who had ordered other things did seem to be enjoying their food.
I do advise that store invest in more professional signs for the interior. There were a few hand-written signs on the back of cardboard boxes.I want to like Koreana SO BADLY and have eaten there more than 15 times since they've opened because I'm obsessed with Korean food, but today was my last straw. Ordered the kimchi fried rice because I didn't feel like a hot stone bowl or meat. It was $10 with frozen mixed veg and hardly any kimchi in sight. Bland and oily. I asked for some gochujang and they said, .$50. I said, okay, can I pay with my card? No, $5 minimum. Pointed me to Sriracha. I'm sorry, but I don't want Thai hot sauce with my Korean food. I got it to go because I couldn't even stand the thought of eating in anymore.
Flavor on this dish is oil and nothing else. 
Recent Je yook bokum pork orders have had terribly chewy pork and one time I had some eggshell in there (I sometimes add fried egg).
Hate to say I'm never going back and would never recommend to anyone. I agree completely with Kelly N.'s review: quality continues to go down.I love this place for take out or dine in :) great lunch deals!!! The staff is very friendly. They also have bubble tea :-)I'm pretty underwhelmed with this location as opposed to its flagship in University City. It may be the same owners, but the heart of what made me like Koreana was lost. I'm a huge fan of more "traditional" Korean dishes like kimchi jjigae, galbitang, and even kimbap, but I can't say I sensed the same quality here as I usually do in UCity. The kimbap is obviously premade (or at least mine was?) since the laver was kind of soggy and the speed at which it was ready was pretty alarming. 
I'm sure the cup baps and rice + protein dishes like bibimbap are decent, but I hold Korean food (particularly if you're gonna open up in the thick of Center City) to a higher standard and I know this restaurant has incredible potential to be better.Love the Dolsat spicy chicken dish I got here, packed a lot of flavor and not too overwhelming with the spice. I got extra spicy sauce on the side, which I recommend due to how good it is with any of the dishes here. The best part about the meals served in the stone plates, is the crispy parts where the chicken/rice hits the stone. Only thing I didn't like was the miso soup on the side.Okay, this is now my second review over the years and I am so glad to report that my last 5 lunches have been consistently amazing. I'm a sucker for yukgaejang and this place (now) has the best I can find in the city. I don't know what happened, but someone in the kitchen started to pay attention to output and their food has been on point. Flavors are distinct and powerful, as is expected from stellar Korean cuisine, and their spice levels aren't dumbed down at all. Today I went with sundubu (because I didn't feel like beef) and I was pleasantly surprised by the nuances of seafood flavor in the broth. Needless to say, I'm glad Koreana has found their stride again!ordered take out from grubhub -- HAIR in my soup! Ugh, never again.This has been the worst restaurant I have ever ordered food from. As the food is delicious, I just couldn't help but noticed the Nail inside my Japchae. You may think this may be a like, but there's nothing food of getting a hand full of noodles and chewing and feeling something mightily sharp and hard. Thinking that it was part of the pepper TRY to chew through it AND COME TO FIND OUT ITS THIS. And also you can notice how the nail is yellow from being cooked through. Not only did I the manager try to say that I put it in there, I get there to have my food replaced greeted by the manager with a great manicure. Again, the food is delicious, just make sure you look through and spread it apart to make sure that nothing is in it.I come here pretty often since I work one block away. The customer service is always so slow. I can understand the kitchen is busy and they need to prepare each order one by one. Today I ordered a kimbap togo. I walked into the store and told the cashier that I was here for pick up. She didnt ask for my name or order and just walked away. For 20 minutes, the PREMADE kimbap was sitting in front me. The cashier kept on avoiding eye contact. Finally, after 20 minutes I got her attention and told her my order was just one kimbap. She threw the kimbap in a bag without utensils and napkins and just gave it to me. 
The food here overall is okay. Sometimes its really good and sometimes is can be really bad. The kimbap sizes vary all the time. The gochujang sauce is lighter than most korean restaurants. This is probabaly my last time ordering from this location.We stopped by for a snack after walking around. 
Kimchi fries - the sauces on top were good and the fries were crispy. I was disappointed that there was no kimchi.
Soy garlic wings - super crispy and flavorful on the outside but was bland on the inside. Their Korean fried chicken is a little different than other Korean fried chicken I've had. I appreciated how big the wings were.Highlights: (1) A lot of options (2) high quality (3) much cheaper than most Korean places in town (4) they also sell Japanese snacks!!
.
.
Soooo, after discovering this new Korean restaurant in town, I have taken different friends here several times in the past week. I have tried their beef Dol Sot (hot stone pot), chicken wings, and Soon Dubu. My friends have tried their Bibim Bap, Dwen Jang Chigae, and their shrimp Dol sot... all were liked except for the chicken wings (they were a little hollow...). One of my friends is Korean and she pointed out the Bibim Bap is very traditional (a rarity in town), and her Dwen Jang Chigae was super good. 
As mentioned in the beginning, prices are more reasonable here compared to others -- about $3 cheaper for a regular lunch size dish... so, definitely recommend!!Koreana is delicious. Food and service are both great.
When I come here I get their D11 or wings, both are great and under $10.
Could be in a better location, as eating outside can smell bad in the summer.There's something to be said about a former worker, who still CRAVES this food. I worked at Koreana years ago. Some of the nicest and caring bosses ever!....but you're here to hear about the food.
You'd think seeing the same food over and over again would make you really sick of that food. You ALWAYS smell like onion and garlic after work...god forbid if you couldn't hit the shower right away. (I felt so bad for my classmates, who had to sit next to me whenever I had to rush to class right after work.)
I admit, I was "sick" of the food about a year in. But then I had a two week vacation...and the cravings set right back in. As a worker, I gained 40 lbs from the beginning of working there to 2 years later. TT TT (Thankfully, I'll lost a lot of that weight since...)
To this day, I still crave the food!! That's how good it is. Hell, I'm about head there now for lunch. I honestly went through the entire menu in my head (I still remember it by heart...yea, my fiancé shook his head at this part) and tried to think of ANY of the dishes that I disliked...and there isn't any. (No joke.)
BUT I do have some favorites! To this day, their soy chicken is the bomb! The sauce is to die for! I wish they sold that supermarkets. The kimbap, too... I could nom on those all day long. I also LOVE the japchae (esp with rice, don't calorie count) - sweet potato noodles hold a special place in my heart. Bibimbap: The vegetables are crisp and that gochujang sauce is something (it's spicy but not crazy spicy, sweet, and tangy). In general, I just LOVE Koreana's seasonings. I won't let you in on the secret, but I can promise you this: no MSG.
Tip: Something that I always forget myself until I'm sweating bullets and my taste buds have already gone numb. Unless you just LOVE spicy foods, ask for 'mild' when you order dokbokki! Allow yourself to enjoy the flavors.....without dying. Maybe I'm just a wimp.
I held back from reviewing because I didn't feel it was right doing so as a worker, but two years removed now, I thought why not. I really do enjoy the food.
Hi old bosses, if you're reading this! Hahahah.............. we're going to pretend this never happened. Bye now!Soup is great and service is usually prompt. Some of the food isn't great but if you pick the right things (bim bim bap) then you will enjoy it. For the amount of food, it is a good deal.Best Korean food ever.  Everything is so good.  We always get kimchi fried rice with duk bokki and yuk geh jjang or yuk gal tang.  This is crack.  You know a restaurant is good  when I always order 2 or 3 meals.  
Oh yeah.  And they're so friendly and kind.  And food comes out so fast when they're not busy!!!!
Even when they're packed I'm so shocked how food comes out fast. Customer service has always been great!!!It's always great when there's a strong aroma in this little Korean joint. The place sells fairly cheap korean food! And the cuisine itself is already so lovely with great portions. I'm so obsessed with getting takeouts or grabbing a lunch/dinner here. The kimbap, kimchi stew, smoothies, and rice cakes are wonderful picks! The owner is very nice too. He's awesome, same goes for all of the nice workers.If you want quick, relatively cheap Korean food in UC this is a good option. However, there are not many Korean food options in Unviersity City to begin with...This is definitely not count as good Korean food I had, except their fried chicken. I tried not to think about calories when I eat them because the sauce is very good. 
A popular spot in university city for students l, but if you want some nice Korean food, city center is a better option.Visit Dates: 03.05-03.06.2010
I was in town for ECAASU, and my local friends refriended Koreana. It's easy to miss this place as you're walking along Chestnut St., since the restaurant front doesn't face outward toward the street. The outward appearance is also a bit nondescript and bland.
Once inside, I ordered the dak galbi (Korean bbq-ed chicken) bento box. It also includes mandu (korean dumplings), kimbap (korean sushi), kimchi, miso soup, and a salad. A lot of food for about $10. The dak galbi was delicious, though service was a bit slow because of all the orders during that day, so my order arrived late at my table.
And since I enjoyed my dinner, I came back for lunch the next day, and ordered the beef galbi bento box this time around. The beef wasn't as good as the chicken galbi, nonetheless it was still good food.As a pseudo-vegetarian deathfully afraid of slimy and unknown meats, I had always assumed that I had few Korean choices.  Koreana, you broadened my world! Not only do they make a mean hot pot bibimbop but they make a handful of other dishes vegetarian.  Some are a bit greasy, but this makes for good brain food.  
If you're in the mood for a sugar bomb at the end, try the tapioca dish.  It's a mix of red beans, tapioca, syrupy fruit, and various unidentifiable sugar items.  
P.S. They are closed on Mondays.Up until the past ~6 months or so, Koreana was my go-to place; I ordered nearly 1x/week and looked forward to bringing friends to try it, etc. Their spicy dishes were great, the food was cheap, and it was close to campus. What's wrong with that?
Unfortunately (and trust me, it took a lot for me to get to this point), the quality has been steadily declining. My favorite dish has gone from 1/20 times being a little 'off' to tasting worse every time I order it. I took a friend two weeks ago who declared her food inedible; another a month and a half ago said the meat in her dish was "verging on gross" but I ignored all these signals. My love for Koreana was so strong and deep, I kept thinking it was just an off day, but now I have to admit it's not as good as it used to be. 
Anyway, I don't think Koreana is bad for dinner with the other food options on Penn's campus...there's definitely worse out there. But in terms of lunch, there's more than a couple of food trucks I would much rather go to than Koreana again.(3.5 stars) Koreana hits the spot. It's my weekly comfort lunch: dolsot bibim bap with extra sauce every time. Its sizzles while you eat it and the sauce gives it a great balance. It'll definitely fill you up and offers a nice break from the food truck options around. It's definitely pricier than most other lunch options nearby but its quality is also better, though the meat is always pretty fatty which is disappointing. The menu is extensive so there should be something for everyone.A friend and I wanted to celebrate the nice weather, so we drove to Koreana from Temple University for a change of pace. Unfortunately, we didn't know that this place actually has its own parking lot, so we parked a few blocks away haha.
This place is self serve, and I dislike self serve. The cashier wasn't very friendly and treated me as though I was wasting his time while I was ordering. But I guess this is a no nonsense restaurant. 
The food was good, but I wouldn't go out of the way to eat here. I ordered the 'nakji dopbap' (octopus/squid? over rice), while my friend had the bibimbap. I thought my dish was delicious; I would get it again. It was spicy, warm, filling. I packed some for leftovers, and even my leftovers were good. I didn't really care too much for the bibimbap. It was kind of lukewarm, and I wish the red sauce wasn't as watery. The kimchi, I disliked. It was a little sour, and older than kimchi I think is acceptable to serve in a restaurant.. it was also not that cold.
If i lived close by (on Penn campus), or if I'm ever in the area, I would return whenever I am craving close-enough-authentic Korean food. Definitely worth the money.Came here because of the great reviews, but it didn't live up to the hype. I ordered something vegetarian and was very clear that I didn't want meat, and when my soup arrived, there were giant pieces of meat floating in it. The cashier (owner?) gave me a free bubble tea for the mistake, so that was nice. When I did get my soup it was only ok, I didn't finish it. Keep in mind I didn't try any of the meat, so it could be that all the meat is amazing. Overall, unimpressed.Came here with a couple of friends a while ago back in October 2014. Ordered bimbimpap and it was good! :)) I liked it. 
Not the best seating environment and also heard their milk tea isn't that great, but I liked the foodI hadn't been here in over a year, since U-Town is right next to my house. I came here with a friend last night for dinner, since I'd remembered it being cheaper with bigger portions. 
It was a beautiful evening, so we opted to sit outside on the wooden tables. The great thing about Koreana is that you order and pay at the cashier, so you don't need to tip and the service is much quicker. The owner (?) who works the cashier is also extremely friendly and gave us suggestions on which to pick, since we looked like we hesitated. 
I ordered soon do boo, and kept comparing it to U-Town's the whole time. The portion seemed much smaller, with less seafood/tofu/rice, and the broth, which delicious, was a bit watery. I prefer my dish to come out bubbling and pipping hot, with all the ingredients boiling inside. To be fair, the dish was pretty cheap ($8.25 for seafood soon do boo), and I don't really know what authentic Korean food is, but I think I much prefer U-Town's food.Accidentally found this place, and now we can't get enough. It has such a specific taste that keeps us coming back. Big plus is that they have a small parking lot! We've always eaten in, they keep it nice and casual. No fancy stuff, just delicious FOOD! Thank you Koreana, see you soon :)I love this place.  I love the fact that everytime I come back, which is at least once a week, the store owners recommend a new item for me to eat. I love that when I order the food spicy, it actually gets the job done. It's cheap, relatively fast given how packed it seems to get when Penn students return to campus, and tasty. Win/win.This is a rather old review I'm posting that got lost in my drafts, so apologies if it's outdated!
Solid go-to place for decent Korean food by University City. The service is pretty fast and the guy who owns the place is really friendly; his name is Mike and he's been super supportive with different student organizations and partnering up for events and catering.
The prices are ok, given that it's pretty close to campus -- usually $8-$12 a dish -- and with their new expansion / revamp of their menu, they also have bubble tea and they also sell ramen and other Asian snacks which is awesome because you don't have to make the trip to Ktown by 69th St or Chinatown anymore!
Recommendations: the jeyook dolsat bibimbap, marinated kbbq chicken over rice in a hot clay pot. Solid portion, and really tasty! Alternatively, the yook gae jang or soondubu is also great on a cold winter's night. Great spot to visit and grab your Korean food fix or do takeout. Definitely will be back!Treated terribly today and as a loyal customer too. Given a completely different order than I ordered. And instead of apologizing, the manager yelled at us and made us repay at the cash register. Not only
did I have to wait for another 30 minutes for the right order to come out, but we were yelled at while we were leaving the restaurant because he believed we didn't pay for the meal. Obviously he was wrong. I was absolutely insulted by the way I was treated as a loyal customer. Never coming back to this rude establishment again.On different occasions I have tried the Bibim Pap #7 and Galbi #7 both dishes were excellent in taste and the restaurant was extremely clean. The prices are market value for excellent food. Customer demographics were college students, professors and local community residents. I would give them a great endorsement.
Angel G.I was excited about Koreana after seeing the Yelp reviews. I expected great things. But, I got okay things. It wasn't bad or anything. It just was.
I ordered the Beef Bulgogi Bento Box. The Beef Bulgogi was okay. It tasted well, but not so much better than any other decent place. The Kimbap, aka wannabe sushi, was also just okay. The fried dumplings were alright too. I mean, it was all okay. Nothing was bad. Well, maybe the soup was. It was really just broth. I don't see the point.
My wife got bubble tea. That was good. I'm glad they didn't mess it up. Her dish, similar to mine, was chicken instead of Beef Bulgogi. She said her dish too was okay.
So there you have it, a place that is okay.I absolutely love this place. Great food no matter what I order and the bubble tea is delicious. Also pretty affordable for how much they give you. I literally come here almost once a week!Koreana is my favorite go to for some good quality Korean food take-out in UCity. It's not the best Korean food I've had but it's one of the better options in the area. I've tried a lot of their dishes so far and my favorite is the bibim bap, one of their most popular items on the menu and a signature Korean dish. It literally means "mixed rice" which is a bowl of rice with various vegetable (sautéed and seasoned vegetables), beef, fried egg, and sliced beef. Most of their dishes are pretty good and will hit the spot for your Korean food cravings! Koreana is also so close to Penn's campus that the convenience of ordering take-out to pick up or deliver is a plus.
I honestly would recommend their wings too! They give you two options of soy ginger or spicy. The spicy is not too bad and both flavors are very juicy and delicious flavors. The wings are deep-fried really well. The prices here are slightly on the more expensive side, but that's expected in the University City area. I personally think Koreana is the better option for Korean food in comparison to other Korean food options in the area!NOTE FOR THOSE PEOPLE TRYING TO FIND THIS PLACE: THE ENTRANCEWAY IS IN THE PARKING LOT UNDER THE BIG YELLOW CANOPY/AWNING. I write this because the last time I tried to find it I found 1. Abner's 2. The Strip club entrance. 3. The Chili's Entrance. and 4. The Pourhouse entrance. All of the above are located at 3801 Chestnut. There is some irony in having a family friendly restaurant on top of a strip club. But I digress.
The place is pretty no frills with basic tables and chairs and a small counter area. I ordered the Bim Bim Bap and a ginger ale. The Bim Bim Bap came out after a little wait and was accompanied by kimchee, a clear soup(which helped cool my mouth down) and a sauce that the lady said I should try on the Bim Bim Bap. The vegetables were really fresh and tasty and I liked the sauce a lot. The fried egg was odd at first to eat along with everything else, but it actually tasted pretty good mixed in with the beef and vegetables, rice and sauce. The beef was tender and tasty. The clear soup helped clear my palate and cool my taste buds down. 
The owner/manager and the staff were all real friendly. The owner/manager guy recommended I try the number 8 or 9 squid dish or the squid in the hot pot. Next time I'm going to do just that.
Oh yeah and the total for all of this 9 something bucks. Pretty sweet.This is a decent little Korean place. 
I highly recommend you look at their website because it is hilarious, but I digress.
Koreana is not really a place you should visit if it's out of your way. The menu is pretty big for as small of a place as it is. I was kind of disappointed with the food though. It was a little bland and cold. Also, my friend was not given the correct dish. She asked for a vegetarian pancake and it came out with seafood. They were a little stingy with the meat but the portions were okay. I would definitely come to Koreana for snacks and the like if I lived in the area. Otherwise, it's nothing too out of the ordinary. The quest for Philly's best Korean food goes on...I was in the mood for korean food but didn't feel like going up to cheltenham, so we came here because it was close to home.
The food is okay. My boyfriend's dolsot bibimbap was much better than my kimchi bokkeum bap which was lacking any flavor whatsoever.. we had no banchan because we didn't know how to get them but we didn't care much to find out.
It was our first time here and I was not satisfied.This was the place I had my first bite of delicious Korean food and my love for this cuisine was born. I love their shrimp dish in a dolsot with a fried egg on top (the name escapes me) and had a chance to try it again a month ago and it is still so delicious!!I came to this place based on the relatively good reviews from fellow yelpers. 
I came with a friend looking for a quick bite as well as a cheap eat. This place satisfied both. 
The look of the place is nothing to cry home about. It's located behind the Chili's and a strip club... I thought the strip club (Atlantic) WAS this place. Good thing I didn't go in.
As far the food goes, my friend got the hot pot and I got the spicy chicken without the hot pot. Food was decent. Not the best korean food I've had but for $10 a dish, can't complain much. Dishes come with some cabbage kimchi, which was okay, I didn't like it. 
They provide free hot/cold water and you can get a free tea bag if you just ask the cashier. 
Overall good experience, will come back but only as a "safety" choice.This place is awesome. I've been twice, and both times asked for a vegetarian recommendation - unfailingly delicious! I didn't even come close to finishing my food this last time, and it was still cheap. Everyone who works here is also super nice. This is pretty much the only good not-a-truck food location in University City - highly recommended!A nice, cheap, basic Korean restaurant.  Convenient to Penn and Drexel.  I enjoy the food, and they are usually pretty quick.  Can get crowded at peak times.Great tasting Korean, prices are reasonable if you're not getting a hot bowl, and quick service! Hole in the wall location is a bit small but it doesn't stop me from weekly visitsBeen here a few times. The first time was pretty good, but since then it has gotten worse. The place is simple and you have to serve yourself. The (self) service is quite slow, and the price is not that cheap than I expected given the place and the food. The food itself was decent, nothing special. They managed to screw up the kim chi, which was a huge disappointment. Soup is just filled with msg and I stopped after a sip. Next time I'm in the area, I'd probably go somewhere else for Asian food.So good.
So cheap.
I've never had AUTHENTIC Korean food, so I like to assume this is it. I usually get the Bi Bim Bap (in a hot pot if it's not too warm outside). 
This is one of those meals you want to keep eating even though you know you're full. And they give you this little soup! It's some kind of egg drop that probably isn't all that good and may taste a little sandy, but I like it. For those of you that like bubble tea, this place makes it and makes it well.
The portions are great, the flavors are great, the price is great. The people are nice! They even find where you sat and bring your food to you (you order at a counter). I wish it were a BYO, though.
I've just made myself hungry.FIY: Credit card minimum of $5 and they sell Korean snacks and drinks on the side
The last time I came here was freshman year of college. So like 4 years ago. This time, I came with a friend just to catch up...and to get out of the house on an unusually warm winter day (we talkin 62 degrees people).
WHAT I GOT: Dolsot bibimbap
PROS: Water is self serve from this machine at the front of the restaurant, and the food comes out fairly quickly. The menu items are labeled with numbers and letters to help you order if you're at a total loss on how to pronounce some of them. They also give you kimchi and soup with your meal. But I guess it depends on the meal since my friend didn't get any kimchi but she got the soup.
CONS: I wouldn't say that the food here is terrible. It really isn't all that bad. But that's literally all it is: not that bad. For the amount you pay, you get some pretty average food so yes, in my opinion Koreana is definitely overpriced. Like if I'm going to be paying $10, that better be some kick ass bibimbap. But sadly, Koreana's food quality has remained the same these past 4 years. Most of the flavor comes from the free gochujang they gave to me on the side, and I had to pile that sucker on since even that looked and tasted like it had been watered down. I didn't even open the kimchi. Didn't look too appetizing. The soup is this yellow tinted liquid with a few things floating in there (I wanna say it's egg), but I use the word "soup" EXTREMELY loosely since it straight up tasted like water. Meaning it had ZERO flavor. Absolutely no taste. I guess it's a good thing I stayed away for 4 years. Time to start the streak up again.First time I went, I was very happy to see their pretty complete menu of familiar Korean dishes.  I got the Bulgogi Dolsot, and must say, it's a very good deal considering the amount of food you are getting.  I was enchanted and thrilled that I could get Korean food so far from home.  My dad and I made this our weekly lunch spot on Fridays (after my classes, during his lunch break).  I thought I'd be a regular here.  However, as I kept going, I found myself a bit unimpressed.  Don't get me wrong, it's good, filling food, but nothing memorable.
The LA Kalbi (Galbi) dish with rice #38 doesn't give you much meat.  Just two strips last time I went.  But kalbi is expensive, so can't complain.  (If you're getting Kalbi...get the beef.  Kalbi normally is beef and, in my opinion, it just works better with the marinade)  
The bulgogi dolsot is still a pretty decent dish.  It's hard to mess up and they give you a sizable amount of food and all the added ingredients.  The marinade gets into the rice and all the other ingredients so it's decently flavorful. Can't find it on the online menu for some reason...
The bulgogi #11- nothing special, but good marinade.  decent portions.
The galbi tang #22 came in a very large bowl and was very good.  If I remember correctly, it comes with the bone for you to pick the meat from.  It was pretty good and came with rice to mix with the stew.  Definitely filling! 
The Deok Boki (spicy rice cakes) #33 was terrible.  The rice cakes were overcooked and falling apart and felt somewhat...old.  Not a good sign.  Maybe we were just unlucky, but I am not going to take my chances.
Wish they had banchan, but that might be asking too much considering that Koreana is a bit more like Korean fast food and not much of a sit down restaurant.  Guess I can't be too picky, seeing as this is probably the only college student-friendly priced Korean restaurant within walking distance.  (There are a few places on 69th street, like the all-you-can-eat Philly's Buffet/Philly Garden(?) that has kalbi and such for about $25/person).  The Deok boki was a turnoff and I probably won't come to Koreana again unless I want a quick fix for a craving or it's with friends who are really craving some quick Korean food.
Summary: Korean fast food.  More for a quick, filling fix than an authentic, mindblowing meal.  Meats are good.
Tips: On an interesting side note, if you want to ask for more kimchi, it definitely helps to be Korean.  My non-Korean friends would receive a half filled tiny cup of kimchi while my Korean friends and I would receive full cups, sometimes even multiple.  Makes sense, seeing as Koreans are more familiar with the taste and more likely to eat a large amount of kimchi, but still interesting.  So, if you go to Koreana with a Korean friend, have him be the kimchi fetcher for the meal.  It might save a few trips, depending on how much kimchi your party wants.  Don't be wasteful though!  
Also, make sure you throw out your trash/leftovers and pile up the dishes/trays.  It works somewhat like in typical fast food restaurants where you clean up after yourself.  It's really helpful for the workers and allows you to clear a table (this place does get very crowded)Affordable, delicious Korean food. The location is hidden behind Chili's. I was unaware of the no-waiter service the first time, but NO SERVICE IS BETTER THAN BAD SERVICE in my book. The food is NOT the best Korean you can get in Philly because Koreana mainly caters to University students. If you want to try authentic, other options in center city are suggested. U-town is mediocre as well.Good, Cheap Korean eats can be found at this literal 'hole' in the wall of a parking lot in University City. Sometimes the hole in the walls are the ones with the best food. Try the bibimbap and their delicious dessert treat. You won't be disappointed.If you come here, do not order the galbi tang (beef stew). I believe they add eggs to it, and instead of a stew, you get an egg drop soup with few pieces of beef. Contrary to another reviewer, I liked their kimchi and found it better than another Korean restaurant.
They also sell bubble tea, which was just so-so. It takes a while for them to make the bubble tea though.I just went here and the food and price range are both great!  They have bubble tea and some snacks/ramen as well. I got the kimpab and the bibimbap and both were pretty good. The staff are really polite and friendly too and I didn't feel awkward at all even though its my first time here. I think I would come back again.At first I was in love with Koreana, I thought it was super delicious and some of the tastiest food around. However, after eating at other Korean restaurants and going back to Koreana I realize some of the dishes are a little bland. The portions are pretty large though so I cannot say I have ever left feeling hungry at all. It is usually pretty busy and a few times while waiting for my food I was concerned I wasn't going to have a seat to enjoy my meal. If you're walking to Koreana it's no problem but driving can sometimes be a hassle. The parking lot is pretty tight and sometimes if you're unlucky there won't be a spot for you in it. As for the staff, everyone is nice and they do a good job taking orders quickly and serving the food relatively fast. They have bubble tea and some other deserts which are awesome after a spicy meal and on top of that they have some great Korean snacks. If you're looking for some quick and decent Korean food in the University City area you should definitely stop on by.I'm so so happy I found this place! (Or rather, a friend showed me this place). It's really hidden in the back of a complex, and you have to walk through the mini / ghetto parking lot first.
Good place for lunch, but it's always packed! They have some good lunch specials. I usually get the galbi lunchbox. They also have the usual Korean goodies: japchae, tofu soups, kimchi ramen, spicy pork, bulgogi, bibimbap, bimbap etc. yum!
I want to try their hotpot next time before it gets too warm (ha.. Given it's still snowing in March, it might be a while). 
Now, where can I get some Korean BBQ with the panjans in university city or center city?!?!I will make this short and simple. If you want poor customer service, and un-seasoned, lack flavor korean food I think, then this is the place for you. 
I place order online, food never came, they still have the audacity to charged me, had to report them to my bank. Future customers be WARE? I called so many times that day and conveniently their phone didn't work that day, so I sent an email. No respond. So I called the next day and phone line work left a message and of course no respond. Well, they lost my business and my colleagues business as well since I told everyone in my building about their unacceptable service.the food is not so expensive. You just have to wait and sometimes people forget that you've already ordered, paid  and waited for hours LOLSteaming bowls of noodles, veggies, and meat; bubbling vats of tofu and seafood; bibimbaps sure to please in these wintry conditions.
Off the beaten path: you have to walk through the Chili's parking lot to reach the hidden hub.  Drivers, don't let the hobo who points to your parking space trick you into thinking he's the attendant.
Totally casual: order, get a number for your table, snag a table, and wait in good conversation for the arrival of trays topped with salty steamy goodness.
A foreign menu with little description aside from pics, the manager is super helpful as you navigate to your meal.Well...Koreana is GOOD. To students in University City, Koreana is definitely a go-to restaurant. If I don't want to take the trolley/transportation to Chinatown for asian food, I always walk to Koreana. 
The majority of customers are students-and it looks like most of them are asian (which is a good sign). Even my korean friends are ok with the food. 
It's HOT, it's pretty fast, it's yummy!! 3 stars (it could be more authentic)
It could be pricey if you are picky about that.
Overall, when I'm craving Korean/Asian food- I go to Koreana!! The fourth star is for the convenience.
Koreana is gonna get me through college!This place is great! I've been here many times and have always enjoyed their great, flavorful, and reasonably priced food. The owners and staff are so incredibly courteous and friendly! Last time I was their I didn't realize how late it was and ended up staying well past their closing time. Although it must have been thoroughly inconvenient for them, they did not rush me even once, which, considering I've eaten at places that rush you 45 mins before closing, is a welcome change of pace.Im not trying to trash people who review here... but those of you that eat a lot of korean food... its probably one of the most expensive foods to eat.
Now u have koreana: one of the most inexpensive korean foods i have ever had and tastes good.
Do you want GOOD, FAST or CHEAP? In my opinion Koreana does a very good job at providing all 3.I'm here to respond the former employee who wrote to me that they probably made mistake on that day.  However, I'm still pretty sure that they knew what they were doing.  I didn't even only order wings but the noodles in soup.  My order had been sat in the kitchen for more than 40 minutes while I opened their kitchen door to ask what had happened to my order.  I saw they definitely knew that I was standing there but they didn't even care.  My noodle was soaked and mushy by the time I got it.  And I haven't mentioned how they handed me the order anyway.This is the place for inexpensive, fast, and good Korean food.  I've had the bibim bap (rice, vegetables, beef, fried egg and spicy sauce), seafood pancake, ojingeo dup bap (rice, vegetables, squid, and spicy sauce), and fried dumplings.  The dumplings weren't amazing but the other dishes have been consistently good and generously portioned.  They also have a Korean hotpot that I'm dying to try.  Anyhow, this is a place that I would recommend without any qualms because it offers excellent value and decent food.  Oh, and everything is under $10 ($7-8, usually) unless you feel the need to gorge on chicken wings (you can get 2 dozen for $16, I think)It's no secret that good korean food is hard to come by in Philly. When I discovered Koreana, I was really excited walking in because this place reminded me of a korean pojangmacha (street/tent food), but the food certainly did not taste as good. I ordered the yuk gae jang and a friend got the buddae jjigae. Buddae jiggae is seriously impossible to mess up (how can you go wrong with sausage, ramen, rice cake and kimchi) so I was seriously disappointed to find that both were extremely bland and watery. I also ordered a taro bubble tea, which was excessively sweet. Needless to say I didn't finish anything I ordered, but maybe their other food is better?Just what I've been looking for! I've been having my cravings for cheap, good, and quick Korean food and restaurants in Center City just don't do it for me. Thank goodness for this place! It is very accessible in University City and is a great lunch spot for a study break. It does get pretty crowded but it's worth it. Most of their dishes are under $10 and since it's self served, no need for tip. Don't be expecting the greatest quality of food but this definitely hits the spot when you're craving some kimchi fried rice or ja ja myun. :)Is this a new band?  No, it's a K-restaurant in West Philly.  It's decent, but having lived in LA and ventured into K-town, the food was a little boring.  I had the bulgogi, which was not nearly as flavorful as others that I have had.  It is fast and cheap though - so perfect for takeout.This review is only for their bubble tea.
One day this weekend, I was sad that T-Bowl had closed (T-Bowl had some average bubble tea but some above average tapioca before they closed down probably cuz their rice bowls were wayy too expensive)  and a friend told me that Koreana served bubble tea in addition to their usual korean fast-ish-food.  Well, after attempting to get a lychee milk tea, I was told that lychee and milk "Just doesn't taste right".... oh really now? I always get lychee milk teas at other bubble tea places and they are fantastic.  Anyway, I settled on a $3.25 small "milk tea" original bubble tea, and after waiting 5 minutes for it, I took one sip and threw the entire thing out in the nearest garbage can.  Bubble tea SUCKS!!!  Don't even waste your time or money on the bubble tea here. The tapioca isn't great, but it's the taste of the heavy powder/or/something/metallic in the "tea" slash gross powdery sugar water that just didn't sit right with me. BLEUUUGHGHH!!How have I been missing our on Korean food for this long? Lack of comparison or not, this place still gets my stamp of approval.
In order to find this hidden gem you need to walk half way through a parking lot, but once inside the aroma made me knew I was in the right place. It must be pretty authentic as I was noticeably the minority and without my usual ore-meal online menu planning, I had to think quick. I didn't dare try to pronounce the items but I went with #8, #29 and #41.
All three dishes had very different flavors which made for a nice first experience here. I would recommend all three but #41, the korean pancake was amazing. It was cut into pizza style slices and had amazing texture with the perfect dipping sauce to complement this filling dish. It is hard to describe but the seafood, green onions, and eggs all came together in this dish that visually almost resembled a funnel cake. The only real disappointment was the side of kimchis were too bitter IMO. Also the rice was on the drier side unless being used to soak up the various sauces.
Everything on the menu is well priced which just makes me love this place that much more. I was there on a Friday night before hitting the movies and it was packed so plan accordingly although the food still came out quick. Can't wait to come back close my eyes and point at some other items on the menu!Koreana is the go-to place for a quick Korean bite in University City. Their bi bim bop is satisfying and served in a sizzling hot stone bowl, and the seafood soup is decent. Their prices have gone up since I first came to the Penn area about 6 years ago, and their portions have gotten a bit smaller, but overall the food is still satisfactory and about as good as Korean food gets on campus. For a real Korean fix though, I'd go to Upper Darby, which has a lot more options for Korean food at about the same price.The bimbimbap is good in terms of all the veggies + beef in there (huge portion--make sure to stir so that the rice doesn't burn at the bottom!), and the bubble tea is actually pretty good also! I can't say much about the bulgogi though. I've had the Deok Boki (rice cake + kim chi in this spicy sauce) which isn't bad, and the Mol Mandu (dumplings) which also isn't bad, but not memorable either. 
While not amazing Korean food, this restaurant located in a parking lot (not as sketchy as it sounds) definitely fills the void whenever I leave LA to come to Philly for class!I've ordered a couple times from here on Grubhub for delivery. The first time I ordered from here, it took them about 2 hours to deliver. I called the restaurant multiple times to ask when they would deliver. The boss was very nice about it though. The second time I ordered from them, they didn't take as long but when my delivery arrived, they forgot my wings and the driver had to go back to the store to get my wings and bring it back. That was nice though. The third time I ordered from them, it came extremely fast, faster than the time that Grubhub estimated it to be (within 35 mins!). 
I live on Drexel's campus, so it's only a couple of blocks away. I've gotten their soon dooboo and kim bap multiple times and they're delicious. I usually always get the beef soon dooboo. They give you a quart's worth and give you a lot of beef. The soup still tastes good a day later. Although they messed up my order, etc., I still really like the food here. It's pretty similar to authentic Korean dishes.Not the best Korean food you will ever have, but nevertheless an excellent option for food in University City. My favorite is the dolsot bibimbap, as well as the beef bulgogi and the kimbaps.  The prices are fair.  The ambiance is quite simple but good for a quick bite. We'll be back.The Food:
 If you want to find a spicy and authentic Korea food, you can choose Koreana. When I arrive at Philadelphia, I have heard this restaurant from my friends for a long time. I went to that restaurant with my roommate on Wednesday. We ordered two bowls of Beef Bokeum Bap, six chicken wings and scamper dumplings. The soup has stir fried rice with beef, mix vegetables and spicy broth. I like bean vermicelli in the soup. It is extremely soft. I think people of any age can try this soup. Your stomach can completely full with big portion. However, we ordered other things because we had two people. The fried chicken wings are a bit greasy. Six chicken wings was too much for us. When I ate the third one, I felt a little sick. However, the sauce with chicken wings are very delicious. The sauce is sweet. When I was taste it at the first time, it gave me a special gustation. You will never regret to taste that sauce. Scamper dumplings can be said golden color, distinct levels, but not brittle broken, but not greasy oil, the Krusty palatability. Actually, I didn't like dumplings. However, after eating scamper dumplings, I found there is another delicacy in this world. I have to say Koreana is the best Korea restaurant to visit.
The Service:
 I arrived at the restaurant about seven o'clock. I didn't know why there so was many people waiting outside the restaurant. You should order the dishes in the front of  reception desk. Maybe it leads to a lot people need to think for a long time or discussing with their friends. To tell the truth, the efficiency of a la carte is really slow. There was many empty table available when I entered the restaurant. However, most people in the queue order at the front desk. It will give other people a feeling that a lot of people are waiting. They can't have dinner in a short time. There are few waiters in Koreana. The waiter at the front desk always listen to you patiently. Other waitress will appear when they serving dishes. No one serve you. You should pour away the water and prepare the sauce by yourself. Remember throwing your dishes after eating!
The Atmosphere:
 The restaurant is a little small. If someone want to pour the water, they must stand carefully because they may hit other people table. However, it looks like soft fragrant. Some dishes picture hanging on the wall. When you look at that pictures to eat, you will feel more appetite. There are some tables not only in the restaurant but also outside the restaurant. Although the space is not big, it can accommodate many people. The restroom is small but clean. By the way, the location of Koreana is not easy to find. You should go to the 38th street, go straight for a short distance and then turn right. A little house can be seen on your right hand.I got the spicy jaeyuk dol sot bap. So..for the price $8ish, it's a good amount. Enough to fill up a guy. But way too greasy and you could tell the pork they use is all fatty. 2 of my pieces were just covered up in fat and I had to put it aside. If you are looking for something fast but don't wanna go to a fast food, this place can be an option. But I don't know if I would actually go here again. I'd rather place $2 less and get the same greasy food from a truck or something for the same or bigger portion. 
It's also self-service so you get your own water and napkins. (they bring out the food to you though). I didn't see people leave tip so if this is something you care about, this is an advantage for you~Very delicious, the hot pots especially.  Spicy enough food, quick service, reasonable prices.  
Order at the counter, grab a drink and find a table (you may have to wait or share), the food comes out quick and hot.  I will definately be back.  It is a small laid back place with no frills.  A great place to stop for lunch or a quick dinner.first korean food experience since my move to philly.
friend ordered the stonepot bibimbap. i ordered the kimbap/spicy rice cakes combo.  i didn't get to try her food but it looked really good and my food didn't disappoint at all.
the tiny side of kimchi they gave was good also. 
the space is pretty small and the parking lot is a nightmare. also, lots of college undergrads. they were extremely busy when we dined there and the staff was a little schizophrenic. if not for all these things, i'd frequent this place more often...since their food was decent. we'll see...Tried the jjajangmyun. It was not good. The noodles were overcooked, not much pork in the sauce, and yellow radish sides were small.  I guess you get what you pay for.  Would not recommend for jjajang.I went here once 3 years ago and got some spicy noodle dish that I can't remember the name of for the life of me. Went back tonight on the suggestion of my roommate who is a big fan. 
The place was pretty packed but luckily there were additional tables in the back that I didn't know of so we were able to get seats. I ordered the Jeeyok Dol Sot which was a spicy rice dish with chicken vegetables, and a fried egg on top. I'm a fan of hot pot style dishes so I was pretty excited to try the item. The food was super hot as expected when it arrived and the rice had a great flavor to it. I asked for medium spiciness which was just right or otherwise I would have been in some trouble. The fried egg was my favorite part of the meal though at times the chicken seemed bland. Overall, Koreana is a good change of pace from the usual University City meals that I have and I wouldn't mind going back again.Dear Koreana,
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE fire that terrible delivery person. While I love your (the owner's) customer service, you really have to get rid of your grubhub delivery guy. I was dealing with something personal and had to set my phone to voicemail (an hour earlier than grubhub predicted my order to arrive, btw), and the guy SCREAMED on my voicemail about how terrible of a person I was and how i was wasting his time. When I came outside, he was about to pull away, and handed me my food WHILE SCREAMING about how I was wasting his time. GET RID OF HIM. Many friends have also had terrible experiences as well. I will keep calling, tipping, writing, until that man is removed from his "customer service" position, because he truly ruins everyone's days.
Sincerely,
A generally happy person until the delivery man ruined my appetite.Tried the spicy fried chicken, kimchi fried rice, and bulgogi burrito. Fried chicken was really crispy but I could see how some people would complain about the amount of meat. Skin was like a delicious air pocket of crunch around the actual chicken meat. Kimchi fried rice ($7) okay didn't have spam or meat in it like usual would still get again. Bulgogi wrap ($7-8) was bomb - fusion food that actually works. if you could sub the white rice in it with the kimchi fried rice that would be even better (!!!)Koreana (or, Stripper Korean, as my friend prefers to call it) is a great option when you feel like taking a break from the food trucks and actually sitting down to eat a meal.  Plenty of FOBs come here so there's a high credibility factor.  While it doesn't take too long for them to fulfill your order, I'd suggest calling in a take-out order before heading over so it'll be ready for you by the time you arrive.  Definitely not a fancy place, but tasty.  Most dishes are under $10.Been here numerous times with my friends and a boyfriend. This is probably one of the better places for Korean food around the Penn campus. I've had a lot of tofu stews which were delicious for a nice winter day. I've also had their dook book ki which used to be much larger in portion size. Over the years, they've skimped - probably because they can and they will still have the customers. It's super duper spicy in my opinion and I always forget to ask them to reduce the spiciness! Two things I would keep coming back for are the bulgogi wrap and the korean fried chicken. Until Bonchon opens up in Philly, I probably will keep coming here for their mild fried chicken - can't go wrong with double fried chicken!This place serves authentic Korean food and is one of the best Korean restaurants in Philly. The prices are also very affordable for students. The main drawback about this place is that it gets extremely crowded on the weekends, so you have to wait for a seat. Also, this place is closed on Mondays, which can be inconvenient for hungry students.This is perhaps my favorite restaurant near Penn. It is run in a quasi-self-serve fashion. You first order and pay at the counter, and then your food is delivered to your table. As a result, there is no need to tip, and everything on the menu is between $6.50 and $9. The owners of the restaurant, Charley and Mike, are very friendly towards their frequent customers. The food is very high quality. To keep prices low, the menu is a bit heavier on rice and noodle dishes, although some meat-heavy dishes are available in the $8+ range.
This is the type of casual place that I go to twice a week with my buddies. If you want a "formal" Korean restaurant where you will have to pay more, but receive more formal service, go to Hanwool instead. Given the tasty food and low prices, I go to Koreana far more often.I am a big fan of this place and go pretty much every week. It has the best Korean food in the University City area. After living in Korea a year I'm always in need of a Kimchi fix and while Koreana isn't high class Korean food/dining, its food is good and is similar to the corner shops I used to go to in Seoul. 
So the quality/price is excellent and I highly recommend it. Also has decent boba tea if you're into that. 
One favorite dish is Dwaen-Jan-Chigae, fantastic hot soup for a cold day.Koreana is a decent addition to the burgeoning Asian dining scene in University City.  It just might be the hardest to find though.  Go to the address, look all around and don't see it, then go to the parking lot, walk into it and halfway back, there lo and behold is Koreana.  I like having a Korean fast food option (and there's a branch in Center City as well).  One orders at the counter and then your food is delivered to you at the table.  Everyone is friendly.  I wasn't wild about what I ordered.  The ganpoongki was okay without being special but I wanted veggies with it to mix with the sticky rice (like in the picture they have) and that didn't happen.  Condiments were barebone - one almost empty sriracha bottle and a pepper mill for the entire restaurant.  Still, I would def give this place another try, next time ordering something different.Koreana makes quick food, so I'll make a quick review. 
1. The Dwen Jang Chigae is spicy and delicious. It's got rice cakes, vegetables, and mushrooms galore. It's hearty enough to be consumed as a meal...and that rice on the side is damn good. It's sticky and glutinous and probably made in a pot, not some white-folk rice cooker.
2. The Korean Pancake is actually the best I've had in Philly. It's gooey and comes out hot and looks like it could melt off the plate. The seafood is baked in it, and there isn't any stale fishy flavor or smell emanating from its steam. 
3. The kimchi is boring and not fresh but it's spicy, so the little side cup of it is fine to munch on while you're waiting for the rest of your party to receive their food.Whenever my friends and I are thinking of somewhere to go for food, Koreana is the first to come to mind. They've been raising the prices over the years but we still keep coming back. They have a wide variety of pretty authentic Korean dishes (and even some random Japanese ones).
I always get the #8 Jeyook Dup Bap (rice with spicy sauce, marinated pork, and kimchi). Sooo satisfying and very very filling. I've also had the squid and shrimp versions of this, equally awesome. Their bibimbap and seafood pancake are great too... Everything is great here, I don't think you can really go wrong.
The food comes really fast, and they bring it out to you. The staff is super sweet and are great with suggestions if you're indecisive. It's self-serve otherwise so no tipping required. I think it might be BYO too.. we brought in some leftover wine from the night before and drank it there, they didn't say anything :) They also have some Asian snacks for those too lazy to go to Chinatown -- Korean ramen, pocky, aloe drinks, etc.
The only negatives might be that sometimes it gets so crowded that you can't get a seat (but that's definitely a testament to how good the place is) and it's been getting a little pricey for a casual dinner on a poor student's budget.
BOTTOM LINE: It's a delicious, pretty authentic, filling, convenient, and under-$10 meal and I love it when I feel like treating myself after an exam, a long day of clinical, or... when I want to feel happy :)Ok to eat at the store, but we were so disappointed with their carry out, same price but was very bad.Good cheap fast. They definitely arent a top quality place, but you wouldnt expect that walking in. Its good for korean food on the go. A little pricey, and some ingredients are watered down but still acceptable for a college campus cafeteria which it basically is.Come for the food. Leave for the parking. Took us thirty minutes to find a parking spot.Koreana always satisfies my craving for Korean food, which comes randomly but quite aggressively as well. If I want Korean food, I MUST HAVE IT NOW and suddenly its pursuit consumes my mind until I have my first bite of Bi Bim Bap or Duk Bogi or Tofu Jigae or whatever I decide to get - which is great that Koreana is conveniently located on Penn's campus meaning that I can go directly from class to fulfilling my craving instantly.
Food is consistent but sometimes I just go for their bubble tea because it is really, really GOOD. I've tried many variations and I just can't get enough. It doesn't even matter if its winter, I will go get my bubble tea (and Korean food) from Koreana come rain or shine.The BEST Korean fried chicken wings. Honestly might even be better than BonChon. Their smaller than BonChon wings, but so much more flavorful and the crispy coating is so good.I'm not really a big fan of Korean food and I wanted to give this place a try, so I got the Mapa Dubu Bap. It was good, not great. The portion was worth the price. I also got a bubble tea and I didn't like it. Although this place is probably the only place in University City that serves bubble tea, I recommend going to Chinatown for a more flavorful bubble tea. It'd be worth it.