Very excellent place. Nice clean set up, open kitchen. I had a pizza steak the other night and then tonight was the margarita pizza and a salad. Both were fresh and quickly prepared & both were excellent. Made exactly how I like (well done) and he does not skimp on the sauce which is excellent too. I am really glad that I found my new go-to pizza place. 
(Also, here's a tip. Yelp's location marker is wrong and they won't change it to the right place - thanks Yelp!.  See the picture that I've uploaded, it tells you exactly where the location is which is actually on South Street not on Broad Street.)My boyfriend and I have been ordering from Kosmo's for about 8 months now and have never had any complaints! We've ordered online and over the phone - both ways are quick and easy. Delivery is quick and the food is always hot. I absolutely recommend this place.Been here twice recently and the pizza...MAKES ME WANT TO DANCE!!! Best pizza in philly. Crispy, doughy, tasteful, delicious, balanced. The margherita pizza is unbelievable. I love the red one, the sauce is art on your tongue. Seriously.I ordered a margarita pizza, honey BBQ and buffalo wings. They brought my food on time and it was still hot! The pizza was very good.. The wings were delicious! I will definitely be ordering from here next time I visit philly.The service is ALWAYS quick and the food is so good and always fresh made. No complaints ever on Kosmo!This is my first review and I have to give it to kosmos. Everything ive had from here has been great. I'm a big fan of their pizza and Alfredo, their Buffalo wings are great too. One of the best in the city in my opinion. If you're looking for a quick bite, definitely stop in kosmos.My husband and I have been getting take out here regularly since they opened. Everything that we've tried has been excellent, especially the calzone. The small is more then enough for both of us. We also always get a pasta which you can't go wrong with. Their serving sizes are very generous. 
We have pizza places that are much closer to us but Kosmos is worth the extra distance to get to. Also you have Big Gay Ice Cream right next door! I highly recommend Kosmos if you're in the mood for pizza or pasta.Love, LOVE this pizza! It is convenient, since it's on the ground floor of our building, but the food is yummy, the service is superb and they are always faster than their estimated time! We have eaten here about once a week since it opened and will probably keep doing so!Super tasty!!!!!  I had the chicken parm pizza and it was amazing!!! This place is a gem hiding on the corner of south and broad under South Star Lofts. Very good customer service. Highly recommend. I eat here like once a week.I've ordered from here 3 times and I haven't been disappointed.  The pizza to me was a perfect balance of sauce & cheese and the crust was cooked perfect with just enough crunch.  We also ordered the Turkey Club which my son devoured and the Kosmo Burger was cooked to the temperature I requested and tasted good.  
My overall experience with the friendly staff & quality of food will make me a long time customer. Also when I visited their establishment I was glad to see that they also keep it pristine, which to me shows a dedication to their business.  
With this being my first ever Yelp review, I'm glad I had the pleasure of giving Kosmo 5 stars.  I truly recommend checking it out and ordering from here. Plus they also delivered to my South Philadelphia residence when I wasn't able to do a pick up.Our food was pretty good! Wanted pizza and burgers so we split a slice which was pretty good. And the regular cheese burger was really good. I did post a picture but it was of my turkey burger which  was alright. I liked that they had an option of a fountain drink. The menu has some good stuff on it. I can't wait to try the wings next time. Everyone seemed pretty friendly.  I'm glad they came to the neighborhood.I typically dislike pizza. However, the 4 cheese pie was really good. Delivered quickly, came hot and tasted fresh. Price is reasonable and the large is truly a large. On the rare occasion I want pizza this will be my "go to spot".Just wanted to give this place a shoutout again.  Having tried many a pizza here in Philly, this place is still my go-to.  The greek salad with chicken is also worth mentioning. Great toppings, and the portions are huge!We couldn't wait to try the new neighborhood pizza place. Last night we ordered the pesto chicken pizza and a chef salad. They told us 15 minutes and that's exactly what it took to make our food. The staff was very friendly, especially Kosmo. The pizza was good. The salad was good but could have had more to it because it was a lot of lettuce  (i.e. Eggs). Overall kosmo's was good and we would order from them again.My buddy and I just ate at Kosmos and met the owner. The pizza is amazing and the owner is a stand up guy. Would recommend to anyone.Very good! I made my own white pizza with spinach and pineapple (don't knock it 'til you've tried it), my friend had their eggplant parmesan sandwich, and we both shared an order of broccoli bites.
They really do lay on the toppings - I had pineapple bits falling off of my pizza. The broccoli bites were freakin' delicious! Don't be apprehensive like I was (broccoli can taste pretty nasty sometimes if done wrong), just get 'em, they rock. My friend also reports that the eggplant parm sandwich was spot on.
All in all, this is quality grub. If you're looking for decently-priced, quality junk food, this is your spot!Surprised by all the great reviews for this place...I ordered delivery (pizza and salad) from here based on the great reviews, having recently moved to Philly and having (at the time) not located my go-to pizza delivery place. Overall, it was very underwhelming... The delivery arrived rather cold and the pizza just looked.. old.  For quick, straight up non-bougey pizza, I'd go elsewhere -- Gusto's is my personal fave!I had the opportunity to try Anthony Grammeno's new shop on opening day! I wish I could give him a ten star rating because this new shop is going to make a killing.
Lets start with the décor- old skewl meets contemporary. The vintage Coke coolers are really neat and the open kitchen is even better. The green and yellow color combo instantly puts you in a great mood. A great mood = a great meal. I've always said that the best business move you can make is choosing a bright color for your walls. The green instantly brings freshness to the restaurant which is the perfect description of the quality of the food.
The food is top notch. This restaurant is exactly what my neighborhood needed. There is no pizza place in the area that has high quality pizza at lower prices. Other pizza places are mediocre at best- I am excited that Kosmo is now open. I had the chance to try a few items off of his menu.
 The margarita pizza is unbelievable- the red sauce Anthony uses is the perfect combination of sweet and salty. The tomatoes are powerful and create a perfect harmony with the fresh mozzarella and basil that are carefully constructed on top.
 His buffalo chicken pizza does not fail like most do in the grease department. He managed to create a pizza that brings a lot of flavor without overpowering it with dripping grease. 
The best part of Anthony's pizzas are the crust. On the thinner side, it is perfectly baked and not doughy. There is enough substance to hold the fresh toppings but also creates a great textural balance with it's crunch factor.
The buffalo sauce used on his chicken wings is different. It has a strong flavor without assaulting your mouth. Most wings are not enjoyable to eat due to the numbing sensation of the heat. Anthony's wings kick ass. 
You can tell that he has high quality meat for his cheesesteaks and burgers. He seasons the meat beforehand so it has a great flavor on its own. In a city known for its cheesesteaks, he is competing against the legends. He definitely holds his own with a great roll, flavorful meat and an abundance of toppings.
I cant wait to see this restaurant succeed in this neighborhood. Even from the first day, I am betting on them doing extremely well. I'm rooting for them!Delicious pizza!  Large slices with real gooey cheese. Clean atmosphere.  I love that you can just get a slice in stead of a whole pie.Great pizza and salads. The white margarita pizza and greek salad with grilled chicken are legit. The salad is generous with fresh veggies and well seasoned real-grilled chicken and they give you a ton. Our new go-to pizza spot. Plus the people that work there are very nice!1 star off only for price. I ordered a 12-inch 3 cheese pizza and added pepperoni. It was so good! Thick gooey cheese including generous amounts of Parmesan which I loved. Their pepperoni is nice and thin (which I like) and it wasn't greasy at all. Total was $17 (including delivery charge and tip) so that felt like a bit much for a 12-inch pie. Luckily it was delicious so I'm not that mad!Best pizza I've had in Philadelphia. 
Owners and staff treat everyone like they are regulars.  The speed of service is top notch. When they say your pick up order will be ready in 10-15 minutes they aren't kidding!  
You have to try the white margarita pizza and the pasta dishes, but you can't go wrong with anything on the menu.  In addition to it all, they have great prices which don't reflect the very high quality of food they serve.  This is a spot where you will find yourself going back to again and again.This is awful pizza I got 2 slices and the cheese fell off and wouldn't stay on definitely not enjoyable unless you like cheese not staying on your pizzaDo not be fooled by the "small" calzone!! That thing is a monster.
I'm not normally a calzone person, but figured what the heck and ordered one on a whim.  I now remember why... The cheese... An ungodly amount of cheese. Was pretty hungry after skipping lunch, and only made it through 1/3 of it, at best.
Despite my poor ordering choices, I could tell that this place used fresh, quality ingredients and had a more extensive selection of toppings than most pizza joints.  They provided a generous side of delicious marinara and I loved the ability to a) Order online, b) Fully customize my order with a lot of different options (add pesto? Yes please!) , c) Provide special order instructions, and d) Order in advance by letting you choose the delivery time.
I liked that the prices were super reasonable.  I liked that they sent me order updates, like when my food was leaving the shop.  I liked how friendly the delivery guy was.  So although it wasn't my favorite meal, all of that was enough to boost my rating to 4 stars, and certainly to give it another try.Pizza mediocre. The service was great and the cook time was quick but the pizza suffered. Pizza undercooked and basically soup. The crust had the consistency of soaking wet cardboard. Picking a piece of pizza folded up out of the box it still collapsed into a sloppy mess. Cheese and grease sliding right off the crust. Sauce was decent but their pizza can definitely use an extra few minutes in the oven.Very good selection of pizza and hoagies. I would love to go back for more specialty slices.I've only had slices of pizza and it is pretty solid.  The people are friendly and the place seems clean.Great neighborhood pizza joint. Highly recommended. Chicken parm pizza and Buffalo chicken cheesesteaks are insaneLet me preface this review by saying I don't typically eat a lot of pizza or do much take out, but when I crave a meatball sandwich, this is my go to spot. Even though I've been here a number of times, I've only ever tried the meatball sandwich, so I can't offer an honest review of more menu items. What I can offer, though, is that I was raised in an Italian family and know good sauce (or gravy for the South Philly folks) when I taste it, and their sauce is awesome! I don't know if their meatballs are homemade, but they're also really good!
Sometimes after working a long day (and all my work days tend to be quite long), I don't feel like cooking my own sauce or meatballs, so this place serves as my best alternative. The staff is always pleasant; my sandwiches are always perfect; the price is great (better than another nearby place that serves less-than-stellar meatball sandwiches for a higher price); and I know it'll be ready when I arrive if I call ahead. I'm so glad this place is so close to my home, and I hope they never leave!Kosmo Pizza became a staple order out place for me since I ordered pizza from them on my first night in Philadelphia. My place was still piled high with unopened boxes while I devoured a well-done pepperoni pizza. Needless to say, it was delicious.  Their crust is more on the medium thickness side - it is very tasty and always consistently good. Love them because I can walk over and pick it up in under 15 minutes and I always know it will be good and hot.I've been to this place a handful of times. Each time, the guy behind the counter looks at me rudely, as if I've got two heads. Fine, whatever. 
The pizza is OK. Best in the immediate neighborhood. Dough texture is fine, but lacks flavor. 
The chicken parm I ate last night, however, broke my heart. The chicken was not fresh and rubbery. The pasta was fine (how do you even screw up pasta anyway) but the red sauce was clearly just their pizza sauce. 
The chicken was a crime. There, I said it. Sad. Tasted microwaved/freezerburned/fake. Yuck.LOVED their hoagies! They were HUGE and were Served on fresh delicious bread. I've been looking for a pizza place with good sandwiches and pizza and Kosmos is definitely it!! The staff was also very helpful and friendly. And they even gave us a free 2 liter!!Stumbled on this place on the way home one day and was pleasant surprised by the flavor of the toppings, cheese, and sauce.  Crust is thinner but holds it's weight.  Clean facilities and plenty of seating.  They also deliver and the pizza has always been fresh and delicious. 
Give it a try! Enjoy!So happy to have Kosmos Pizza in the neighborhood! It's great pizza and they have it by the slice! I've only had the pizza a couple times, but look forward to trying other menu items soonHave ordered takeout twice and this will be added to the list when we're not up for cooking. 
The menu has a variety of options to choose from. All very good . . . Greek salad, cheeseburger, pizza, club sandwich, chicken parm sandwich, and desserts (cheesecake and chocolate cake). Agree with Ainsley's earlier review on the pizza and burgers - both taste great. 
Just a couple of blocks away - the food is ready for pickup very quickly, within 10-15 minutes of placing the order. And super friendly.
This is exactly what the neighborhood needed!I saw a new pizza place popped up and checked yelp for reviews. The low number of review and very high rating made me skeptical that the stars were rigged but I ordered anyway. I'm glad I did.
I got the bbq chicken pizza and old bay fries. They were both delicious, not too expensive, and delivery was fast. Check this place out; it's great.Lazaro's was my go-to pizza place; now we alternate between Lazaro's and Kosmo.  Where Lazaro's pizza sauce is sweet, Kosmo's is perfectly savory and flavorful.  Where Lazaro's pizza crust is thinner and has more bite, Kosmo's is chewy and has more texture.  The sides and wings are not as reliably good, but they're decent.  Fast delivery (love the online ordering), friendly service.I've been here twice and seriously the best pizza I've had in a very long time! You have to get the Chicken Parm or the Margarita Pizza!The pizza doesn't suck but the surly 8!tch who answered the phone was probably the first clue the pie is not made with love.
The sauce is particularly weak but they don't scrimp on the toppings which are reasonably well prepared (the only thing that saves them from a 1 star rating).  Crust?  MehGreat pizzas/Strombolis/salads. It is definitely better than Gennaros/Lazaro's/Randazzo. Their menu isn't as big as the other pizza joints but their quality is better.Lived in philly my whole life, and hands down Kosmo has the best pizza around! Also a great place for sandwiches and burgers, but there BBQ chicken pizza Is my go to. Also, I love that the owner knows me by name, love places that care about their customers.Ok hope I can post a pic as proof to show I ordered (12:30) a large extra cheese pizza and cheesesteak with add ons and it was at my door in 15 minutes (exactly 12:45)!!!!! Hot and Delish!!!! Now results may not be typical as I am (driving distance) about 5 blocks away but to take my order cook the food.... WELL... And have it at my door in 15 is so amazing. Love these guys!!! Good hard working folk that really care about their product always clean always friendly. Thanks Kosmos!!!Tried their plain cheese pizza and a south philly style. I mean either it was real good or I was extremely hungry. More likely the latter.A few weeks back I received a wrap where the chicken was over cooked and rubbery (which never happens). I called just to inform them, not expecting to get anything in return. The manager delivered a brand new wrap and order of cheese fries. Additionally, my order was voided from my credit card. This place is amazing with awesome service and excellent food all around!!This pizza was spectacular! Great service, great pizza, great find when we were in town for a conference at the Marriott!Great pizza, cheese steaks, wings, and service.  Speedy delivery and 100% accuracy on all of my orders to date.  Friendly servers/cashier.  A great addition to the neighborhood!I've been living in Center City for more than 15 years and pizza shops are a dime a dozen.  But this place outshines them all!  There hasn't been something I ordered that wasn't delicious.  And don't even get me started on their burgers!  Even ordered with several toppings, it arrives hot and looking like it should be in an ad...not to mention it doesn't get messy as you eat it.  The service is quick and the delivery guys are the best in the city, who greet you with a smile and really show appreciation when they're tipped.Great spot. My go-to for takeout. Everything is delicious and reasonably priced. There chicken cheesesteak is one of the best I've had in the city. Pizza is great. Cheese fries are great, too! If you're looking for a good spot to get quick food, look no further! Speedy delivery and food arrives hot.They said the cheese sticks order comes with 6 but they gave me 7 so yeah this place is pretty fuckin' greatPizza is very good
I picked up a menu last week while walking by. Ordered a pizza for delivery last night. 
On my receipt, I see a $2 delivery charge.  Ill gladly pay a delivery charge, but no where on the menu does it mention a delivery charge. No mention of a delivery charge when I called in my order either. 
News Flash. People dont like hidden fees no matter how insignificantI had the pleasure of having dinner at this new pizza place tonight. I am not a fan of brick oven pizza BUT Kosmo's has won me over. This had to be one of the best crust that I ever had eaten.  The chicken parm and homemade marinara sauce was also absolutely delicious!  I have found my new spot in the city!The food was great, the restaurant was clean and the owners were really nice. I got the regular cheesesteak and my boyfriend got the buffalo chicken cheesesteak. Both were good but I enjoyed the buffalo chicken more. The fries were also really good. Highly recommend this place.OK, I believe the quest to find our go to pizza in Phila. has come to an end.  After three years back in Phia., and 30 in San Fran. (not a bastion of great street pizza's) we gave Kosmos' a try last evening.  A real winner.  Had some great great chicken wings too. 
Score big time on all the fronts that matter:
- Sauce gets a (5) - just the right amount of tang to sweet ratio, w/ a hint of herbs
- Cheese gets a (5) - again, a great balance - complimentary flavor to the sauce, the perfect amount of elasticity, and just the right amount on the pie.
- Pepperoni's (5)- good and spicy and large!!
- Crust is just a tad less stellar (4) - good on the front end of the slice.  A bit dry and not very elastic on the back end.
- Chicken Wings (5) - a good size, very moist, just the right amount of heat in the HOT wings!
And bonus points for the excellent On-line ordering system they are using.  Simple, straight forward, good status updates via Text/SMS.
Indeed there are some great 'gourmet' pizza's in town.  The go to places for a weekend night out.  But those pies don't travel well, aren't great reheated, and are a bit pricey.  So for a Sunday night through Thurs. Kosmos will be our go to spot.Horrible, horrible pizza!  Giant slices, but of what ? Terrible sauce and low quality cheese. What a waste of time and money.5 Stars because I finally found a place in Center City/Washington Square that makes sandwiches as good as South Philly.   Great cheesesteak, really great pork sandwich, everything was hot when it was delivered. Solid fries too, didn't try the pizza but the sandwiches are great!  We've tried about 15 different pizza/sandwich joints around here since we moved in over a year ago.  It's been unbelievably disappointing until now.  I swear to God, we hadn't had a good cheesesteak delivered since we've been here.  How embarrassing is it when our friends and family come to visit from Drexel Hill, Jersey, and they get better cheesesteaks than us on the reg.  Well, this place is great step forward. (and yes, I know there are some solid spots further east on South st but they don't deliver to us)Very good pizza, big baskets of fries, and a great price. Five of us at for only $35. But the ambiance sucks. I want this food at a divey pub with live music and cheap pitchers of beer. Or at least a juke box and Root Beer.We live across the street from here and order at least once a week.  Great reliable italian.  Love the salad, wings, hoagies...the veggie pizza...the chicken parm...can't really go wrong.  Always speedy.  I love that they always comp a 2 liter.  Try it.  You''ll love it.Yelp led us to Kosmo's so feel the need to pay it forward! Great new spot serving up fresh and tasty food. Expansive menu offering lots of options for that "go to" pizza, sandwich, salad night - we had a calzone and some greek salads. Service was great too - we had our food delivered (which came quickly) and not only did the delivery person call before he arrived, he whispered at the door because we told them we had a sleeping baby upstairs. We're fans and eager to try more menu items!Seriously great pizza. Proper cheese sticks that my wife loves and pretty much everything I've tried here has been excellent and their delivery folks are super nice. Orders have always been right and they arrive hot. Love having these guys nearby. Highly recommended for honest good ingredient pizza.The pizza is average. They only have a few pizzas for sale by the slice. They don't have any prices for pizza by the slice on the menu or on any signs.Such a great place. Anthony & Co. are absolutely amazing. I'm pretty sure my wife and I have tried everything on the menu--shes not a big cooker. Everything is great and delivery is super speedy. So sad to be moving away from this little gem! Don't hesitate to order pure deliciousness from here.I really like this pizza place. We order take out from here alot. Great "around the corner" spot.Unfortunately very doughy and cheesey. First bite was good, fifth not so much. Not a bad option for cheapish pizza tho...I recently moved to the area and wanted to try this place out. I have only been here once and I got the small meat lovers pizza and my girlfriend got a slice of cheese pizza.
The pizza was just alright. It wasn't great, but it wasn't bad. I may come back sometime to give it another shot to see or to try something else on their menu.I almost don't want to write a review because I don't want people knowing how good it is! We just stuffed ourselves with a pepperoni pizza and whiz fries from here. The pepperoni pieces were HUGE and I can confidently say they have the best cheese whiz in the city!! My only critique is I would prefer the pizza be a little more crispy (just a personal preference) but still delicious! We ordered at 6:45 and it was delivered by 7:15. Definitely our new go to spot!Very dangerous for me, just a quick jaunt here from the office and for around $2.70, I can get a nice fat slice of plain cheese pizza to stave off hunger pangs. The guys here are always friendly and super nice.  By the time I pay for my slice, it's already heated up and ready for me to eat.  It's always piping hot, nice and cheesy and of course, has to have the nicely crisp bottom crust.  And because it's such a big slice, they put it on 2 paper plates.  I know this, because like any proper East Coast person, I fold my pizza in half.Of course this isn't the most amazing pizza on the planet. But it's pretty damn tasty and the service and food is delicious.
One time we went for dinner and they gave us a free sample of a pizza roll. Soooo yummy. I ordered the shrimp scampi pasta and it was way better than most places that serve pasta. We've eaten here about 10 times and they've become our go to for a quick tasty meal. 
The food is fresh, inexpensive and quick. I highly recommend delivery too.You know, I haven't been that impressed with the pizza in Philly. Tried a bunch so far, nothing doing. The big, floppy, need-three-paper-plates-to-hold-them-up slices from Lorenzos and Lazaro's are fun and ok NY style slices, but not great. I haven't yet ventured to Fishtown to line up for that supposedly "best-pizza-in-America" place. Have relied primarily on Papa John's when the Sixers score 90 (and sometimes even when they don't). 
Kosmo's was something a friend alerted me to during a recent weekend study sesh/excuse for ordering food. Got some pies, they were GREAT. Pulled pork BBQ pizza was to die for, chicken pesto pizza was pretty good (though a tad salty/greasy for me), and the veggie pizza was otherworldly good as well. 
Will follow up and see if consistency is a thing I can count on them for. Will try them again ASAP.Stopped in for a quick slice with a friend and it was really good! Oh and it was huge!! The staff was super friendly and the place was super clean. Definitely worth checking out!!Kosmo, you are pretty ok pizza.
Not mind blowing, but pretty delicious.
I like that you deliver, your prices are solid, and the plain pizza is pretty much perfect ratio of sauce/cheese/crust. 
Fast delivery, great menu options- not bad new friend. 
Will be ordering from here again.My boyfriend and I moved to Center City from West Chester, PA, where our Sunday ritual included ordering takeout/delivery from a local pizza shop. We were disappointed when we couldn't find anything in the area that could satisfy our needs and remind us of home. That is until Kosmo Pizza opened in the new SouthStar Lofts. 
Since we reside in Southstar, we wanted to order takeout so we could see the new establishment. Everything was brand spankin new and clean as a whistle. Being that is it the new year, We decided to be healthy and order salads (which we loved from our WC pizza place). Were hoping to be blessed with large portions and fresh ingredients.  After arriving back to our apartment, we unloaded the salads and they looked just like our favorites from the burbs!  The chef salad was amazingly fresh with lots of cold cuts and provolone cheese. The buffalo chicken salad had so much freshly grilled chicken I couldn't believe it!  And, the best part is that we had enough leftovers for lunch tomorrow. The salads also came with freshly baked warm breadsticks (yum). We also ordered 10 hot wings (very meaty), and broccoli bites (so cheesy!). Our dinner also came with a free 2 liter of our choice, and it was all so reasonably priced!
I am so estactic that Anthony opened his pizza shop in our area- we plan to order here for many Sundays to come!Pizza is very near and dear to my heart. And judgment is relative based upon the circumstances. In this case, I'm grading Kosmo pizza on a basic over the counter pizza place. I felt it unfair to rate it against those fancy sit down pizza places that charge $20 for a small pizza.
I ordered the barbecue chicken pizza today and went to pick it up. First, the pizza was quite good. I tend to compare all pizza to the greatest pizza I've ever had, and this wasn't quite there but four stars for pizza from me is pretty high, and this was pretty good. To be fair, I didn't have any of their other items but from other reviews it seems like the entire menu is strong. 
I saw the woman at the counter put buffalo sauce on a pizza as I walked in and I assumed it wasn't mine..except it was but she realized her mistake before I even got to the counter and had another one made. I was impressed with the speed (didn't expect the first one to be done when I walked in and I walked out with the second one 10 minutes later). I didn't mind the wait. I didn't have to say anything about the order and the woman told me to grab a free 2L soda (which I don't drink so I took the iced tea) out of the fridge. A nice gesture, though unnecessary in my book as long as they get the order right, but high marks for service.
The only thing I'll say is that I thought the pizza would have tomato sauce on it..since it's pizza, but mine was just cheese, chicken and barbecue sauce. I didn't knock them for points since maybe that's just how bbq chicken pizza is typically made?
For a casual take out place, it's good enough to recommend. The pizza, at least.Good pizza with a nice thin crispy crust. We got the garden salad as well and were surprised at how large the portion was.Perfect pizza end unbeatable prices. Our new favorite place to get a pie in the city.The pizza isn't bad, not great. I recently got some other stuff from there and the fries had a weird fishy after taste. I was so grossed out I had to throw them all out. What a waste of time, money, and fries.Great pizza for a good price! Lots of flavor. I ordered online and they had my pizza made within minutes. The breadsticks were really good too. Will order here again.This is the best pizza place in the city. I've tried something from every category and have never been disappointed. My house orders here close to three nights per week. Fast delivery and amazing food. They don't use Grubhub, and that's a plus. Their menu is easier to use and they send updates. If you put additional details into your order, they actually read them and do their best to accommodate. Death-row-last-meal worthy.First experience gets five stars, with the understanding it's a casual pizza shop.  Delicious fresh ingredients, great cheese to dough ratio, and love that they grill their chicken topping rather than deep fry.  Slices are a good size.Didnt think i would find everything i wanted in a pizza place this place has great pizza. Big cheesy and full of flavor. I ordered the mushroom peperoni pizza and was 3.50Solid pizza with thin slightly crispy crust and decent toppings. Pretty good delivery times. Something that seems to be rare in Philadelphia.