Kung fu tea is a hit or miss. Sometimes they make delicious drinks, other times the tea is unsatisfactory. Regardless, the bubble tea on the good days is the best in chinatown. The classic kung fu milk tea is usually delicious (and a lot better than Tea Do's). The interior is very modern, hip, and Asian inspired. 
Kung fun tea is a great place to chill with friends, play some jenga, and sip on tasty milk tea.I visited this place after a year or so. Service as well as quality of the drinks served has improved considerably.
Though there are nicer places in the very same block to choose from.I've been craving bubble tea l since I moved into the city and no better place to find it than chinatown! kungFu is good but they don't have a good variety of flavored but the milk tea is always great and authentic. It'll do the job if your craving bubble tea but I'm used to having more options to mix inThis place is one of my favorite places to go after lunch/dinner. They are known for their bubble teas. My favorite thing about this place is that you can choose how much sugar you want in your drink! This is a huge plus, making your drink slightly less healthy. I also like how their drinks comes with jelly.Tea is good. I always get half sugar since the regular sugar amount is waaaaayyyy too much. Not trying to get diabetes here. Plus, the boba seems to have been soaked(?) in sugar water or syrup because when you bite into it, it's pretty sweet. Another reason to want to lower the sugar of the tea. 
Customer service: a couple times I went I got the younger female who gave me an attitude when I asked about the buy one get one free special that day. there's also an older woman who is so sweet and always clarifies your order twice to make sure she gets it right. 
TL;DR: Tea is good. A little too sweet so I always half it. Boba is sweet. Customer service is okay for a tea place. Would recommend to friends.The place is a social at atmosphere with many tables to sit. I would  come here with friends and enjoy a nice conversation or play table games that they provide. 
I usually get the mango green tea and it's pretty addicting considering the fact that it's not heavily sweetened. They also offer macarons to go with your drink. Macarons is soft and very delicious. I bought a dozen home with me and on day 3 it still taste as if I had bought it the day of. 
Over all this is a pretty chill place. I'd come here again.This place is terrible. They make up rules about additional toppings that no other location in the nation have.I'm a frequent patron of the Kung Fu Tea in Virginia. Got the ordering down like a pro, and I know exactly what most of the drinks taste like and which ones I prefer. I usually order KF milk green tea, passion fruit green tea, passion fruit slush, matcha red bean slush, yogurt grapefruit, yogurt green tea, winter melon milk green tea, Oreo milk tea, taro slush, or matcha milk strike. If I can, I'll adjust sweetness levels to at least 50% and lower. 
On a road trip up to New York, we stopped in Philly for lunch and afterwards decided to grab some Kung Fu Tea for the road. I ordered my usual matcha milk strike without anything else and didn't make any adjustments. Unfortunately, the matcha milk strike was not as good as the one I had in Virginia. They put too much powder and it was extremely bitter, even after I mixed and mixed. I could barely drink it. In the end, I had to dump most of it away.
My experience at Tea Do last time I was in Philly was much better. I still remain loyal to the Kung Fu Tea name, but I would be cautious with my drinks at this location.More expensive than other places, but it's worth getting a bubble tea with Lactaid and not feeling miserable for the rest of the day! Lots of different flavors and add ons.Bubble tea here was pretty good! Super refreshing and came out quickly. I got the Thai Milk tea with tapioca bubbles, however my only complaint is how inconsistent they are with taking card. I went two days in a row and one time they took card but the next day they didn't after I saw someone ahead of me in line paying with card.. that could be inconvenient for some pretty loyal customers.all I can say is: YAAAAS QUEEEN. The bubbles here are SO FIRE! OMG. I am dead. Perfect consistency. Flexible choices, large menu, everything you want and need. One of my top bubbletea spots - stop playing and be here.I was going to get a massage but first went to try this new place. Super Busy with so many people , The music was urban and the atmosphere was exciting and youthful. I had a ginger milk tea hot and a mango slush. Both had  fresh ingredients and where refreshing.  Sat there for a good while to relax and enjoy. All the flavors where genuine and very much for the experienced bubble tea drinker. Listening to the young Asians at the other table, it was like the place in Hk, but less choices . They have tons of choices on the menu but if you had to compare to HK with millions of exp. tea drinkers it will do for Philadelphia. I have to say that this will be my new place before a massage from now on !! EnjoyI come here pretty often. More often than the average person haha.
I must say, their Milk tea is to die for. It's probably one of the best Milk teas in China town. However, I believe that kung fu tea is overly sweet so, I usually get mine with 30 percent sugar. Their bubbles are probably one of the best qualities about them because they don't taste bland. There is a sweet taste to it compared to most bubble tea places. It goes really well with their teas. 
I HIGHLY recommend trying their KFT special. It's an onigiri with kani, seaweed, and egg. It's pretty inexpensive and it's tasty!Refreshing drinks at a decent price, been drinking for yearsPretty damn good and pretty damn authentic. Even a boba snob like me can't be too picky. I had the earl grey milk tea with boba. The tea was packed with flavor and the boba had the right consistency. I will say the location I went to in Atlanta was better than the one in Philly but still excellent none the less. Yes, I'm from California and yes,  I've been to Taiwan so I'm not a mindless drone saying this is the best I've ever had when it's probably the only place they've ever had it. Kung Fu Tea here is good but it's not the best you'll ever find. As far as east coast boba goes, this place is an 8.5/10.The taro milk tea is a must try, I'm a fan of boba and I've never been to a place with taro milk tea that doesn't taste like it's artificial, but this place nailed it
However, I took one star off Becux the green milk tea tastes entirely like condensed milk, I could not taste the tea at all. I threw it away after drinking one third of itI've been to a few Kung Fu Teas in the East Coast (Manhattan, Queens) and this one in Philly is just as consistent - the most important aspect in any chain methinks. 
Their drinks have a strong tea flavor but is not overwhelming. I usually get them 50% sugar and its more than enough for my taste buds. Their boba is sweet and chewy - borderline mushy, but the flavor makes up for it. 
Service is expedient - I've always received my drink within 5 minutes. The sit in areas are generally clean and there is ample space to eat and hang out. 
Solid boba place in Chinatown!Great tasting milk tea place in Chinatown. Seems like a great place to chill with friends, it's not particularly noisy and the drinks are deliciously milky. Good prices and I love that you can adjust the sweetness in 5 ways. Restrooms are pretty good too. I would come here again if I was nearby and was thirsty for some tea.
TL;DR: Good milk tea, fair prices, nothing too special, would come here again.Starting with the name right down to the black light, Kung Fu tea tries too hard to be cool.
The boba was fresh (still warm) and well-cooked, which is always hard to get right. While the other drinks might have sugar added to them, the slushies don't. Even then, you can ask for reduced sugar - which in my experience is always a good way to go with boba tea shops.I love boba. This place was not bad at all. A good find and will be back. My sister ordered a black milk tea and it was delicious at 70% perfect sweetness. I ordered a taro milk tea at 70% but it was obscenely sweet. Definitely will order 50% next time or lower. The restaurant and bathroom were very clean. There are many tables to sit at. Staff was polite and credit cards accepted. The boba itself is very good but on the sweet side. Will ask for light boba next time.It's ok, I really liked their boba BUT apparently they run out of it quickly. How do you run out of boba at 4pm on a Sunday afternoon and you claim to be open until midnight? That's just terrible.Loved it here. I tried the taro milk green tea with pudding and bubbles, half sweetened. I wish they would open a store around West LA. I went to the location in New York's Chinatown and got the oolong milk tea, 30% sweeten with herb jelly and bubbles. It's was good at first then it got a little bitter. I would suggest asking for less ice. I'm exciting to try moreI really like the milk tea from kung fu tea. I think it's one of the best I've had. Its the only thing I get from them because it's always consistently good. I tried their red bean and other fruity drinks but the milk tea is my favorite.Have been here few times ever since they opened. Tried few different drinks and they are all pretty good. As for people who complained about rude employees. I honestly didn't encounter any problem myself. All I can say is, I am here for the drinks. If they are good. Then I am happy.I've been to a couple of different Kung Fu Tea's, but this one is for sure on my favorite location. They have a ton of seating, a bunch of communal games and a fun atmosphere. They always have macaroons for sale.. they are a little pricey, but they are much more consistent  than Audubon bake shop that is further north in Chinatown, and their tapioca pearls are always the perfect textureI love the drinks at this place especially the milk tea with the grass jelly but I think they can definitely tell the girl that works the cashier with the long black hair to be a little nicer. She has poor customer service and catches an attitude everytime I go there.Most favorite milk tea in phili. Located at Chinatown, east to find.
The hot milk tea with pearl just out of pot is super great! The tea is real tea instead of mixture. Not too sweety not too tasteless. Also great for iced one.
Every time come would grab one. Recommended!This place is so dirty, when i walked i was hoping at least the drinks would be good, but to my disappointment it SUCKED. The staffs were rude and when i got the bubble tea it taste like water. I'm never coming back, wouldn't recommend this place to anyoneFresh, actual tea used in drinks. I got the almond milk tea and normally it is just the powder which is overly sweetened and makes my face swallow itself in fear, but this place allows you to adjust sugar as needed on most drinks. For my specific drink, there was no adjustment, but the sweetness wasn't very much either, it was good.
The staff were nice and it was packed to the brim. I never realized people like to hangout at boba places until this visit. They had 2 seating areas with plenty of seating.
Everything was done quickly and precisely. Enjoyed my short visit here. Will be back for sure. Happy eating!Drinks is best in town. That's why my friend kept coming back twice a week. So far we already tried all the drinking cafe and we like this the most among all of them.Authentic milk tea place - they have a large variety of different tea drinks with different flavored bobas/ bursting bobas. I would recommend getting less sugar as the traditional milk tea i had was way too sweet for my taste. You can adjust the sweetness in a number of ways. 
The staff was attentive and quick to make the drinks! Overall a great place if you want authentic bubble tea. Will definitely be coming back.Finally... decent milk tea on the East Coast! Words can't describe how much I miss home, and I contemplate daily about moving back to California because of how much I miss home and... good milk tea/asian food!! So you can tell I mean business. 
I can actually taste the TEA for once! Tea Do (down the street) tastes like straight up sugar and jello .. Paris Baguette/Magic whatever/Tea talk all taste like powder milk water. I have tried everything on the menu at tea do and while the deco/crowd/fancy big menu is alluring.. it doesn't compare to GOOD milk tea.
Here, I recommend the oolong milk tea (less sweet for me please) or the white gourd green tea. The taro milk tea and herbal jelly (basically grass jelly) milk teas are my usual go to at milk tea places and it's decent here but still not as good as back home. "A little less sweet" was still a bit too sweet for me so I may go even less in sweetness % next time.
I don't get boba or as you east coasters call it "bubbles" :) so I can't vouch for it. The workers are very pleasant and efficiently make my drinks without any long waits.
I think I might be able to survive in Philly after all.. thank you Kung Fu Tea!I LOVE LOVE bubble tea and I am always trying new places to satisfy my bubble tea cravings. When my friend introduced me to Kung Fu, I fell in love! I'd have to say that their taro milk tea is the best out of all the ones I've tried so far. I got the regular sweetness and I think it was just right. They were very generous with their bubbles and jelly as well, by the time I was finished with my drink, I could have scooped spoonfuls of the bubbles and jelly! I have also tried the oolong milk tea upon a recommendation and I think it was just okay. But if you're looking for more of a less sugary and more tea tasting drink, I would suggest to try it. Overall, it's a very nice place inside to just get your bubble tea and hang out with your friends. The service here was very friendly too! I'm definitely coming here to get my bubble tea fix every time I'll be in Chinatown!Kung-fu tea is found in almost every major city. It's not going to change the way you think about milk tea style drinks, but for the most part, it's fairly consistent.
The trick is to be specific in what you order here. Ice/no ice? Sugar/less sugar?
e.g., a well-balanced drink for adults:
Green milk tea, with green beans, and no sugar.
Sweat enough from the green beans, enough to taste the balance in milk and tea, but not overpowering on your palate.
p.s. They have a nifty, fun to watch automated drink mixer... The mixture doesn't suffer from tired arms... =)I get tea from them all the time at their place in Tampa FL.
I'm a matcha milk tea regular.I love the tea here. It's my go-to standard every time for its taste and consistency--milk tea, regular tea, boba, and grass jelly.Four stars because i can finally have a say to how much sugar is in my drinks.  I had red bean slush at 30% sugar and was satisfied.  The guy had a golden oolong tea at 100% sugar and i didn't think it was overtly sweet.  I don't really taste a difference as far as the boba compared to tea-do.  It really all depends on how its cooked or how freshly cooked it is.  The place itself is huge compared to tea-do.  They have a big area to the back with more space.  The macarons are shipped from their nyc store and sold at 2.25$ a piece.  The flavors are pretty generic.  If you're looking for a tastier quality then head down to audabon bakery down the street.  Kung fu has a wider variety of drinks compared to others.   It looks like they use real tea rather than powder.  That's always a plus.Thank you for coming into Philly!!! Even though your prices are slightly higher than NY., i'm still happy to know that I don't have to travel so far for a good drink cuz Tea Do and all the rest can't be compared to Kung Fu Tea....I had mango green tea lemonade with mango popping boba. It was refreshing! And my partner had taro tea , for some reason, it tasted like some chinese herbal to me , maybe i was crazy, my partner didnt think like that at all 
Pretty tasty and priced reasonably ,
We will def revisit !Teas here are hit or miss. I usually like their milk teas but the service usually sucks. Nix the attitude and eye rolls and maybe you'll get more stars!!This is my go-to place for bubble tea after lunch or dinner in Chinatown. It's just better than Tea-Do who is the other big competitor in the area. It might just be preference but I find KungFu Tea to be less watery than Tea-Do's plus there is more space to chill out with your friends and play a game of Jenga than in Tea-Do. Tea-Do involves a lot of awkward waiting around which I hate as there isnt much space to sit. I like the social experience of dining and drinking when I go to Chi-town, just my 2 cents. P.S. I stick to the good old tarot milk tea which (to me) is a classic and sometimes swap out the traditional tapioca pearls for lychee jelly. The prices are pretty standard...less than 5 bucks for a regular size bubble tea.The place is nice and clean. The drinks were quite good. But, the customer service wasn't as great. When you walk up to the cashier, they don't even bother to greet the customers or even give a smile.The closest thing I've had in Philly to real milk tea. When I first moved to Philadelphia I was so sad about how horrible the milk tea was, and I tried nearly every place in Chinatown. As an avid drinker of milk tea, I was so happy this place opened! This is now my one and only place to get milk tea in Philadelphia. You can also adjust your sweetness or change out your toppings for pudding or jelly. A bit overpriced than what I am used to or in comparison to rest of Chinatown, but hey, they're the only place doing it rightBeen there once with my friend. I loved mung beans. The crews were bilingual in English and Chinese, so I was able to place an order in English. It was very convenient for people like me - Asian not Chinese.This store accepted credit card for $8-worth purchase and had a plenty of comfortable seats compared to Tea Chat in Chinatown. Also, free WiFi is provided.The location is great! Beyond that there isn't anything spectacular about this place. I don't claim to be an expert on boba/bubble tea but I couldn't tell any difference between this place and any other bubble tea place I've been to in the Philadelphia area. Two reasons for the 2 stars. First, the service was very slow. Took nearly 20 minutes even though there was only a couple people in front of us in line. Second, they were not taking credit cards at that time. This could be an issue for someone since they advertise they take credit cards.Great place, nice, relaxing to chill grab a drink alone or meet up with friends. Would recommend here.I get my milk tea fix here. No other bubble tea place in Philly seem to make milk tea right besides this place. I usually order green milk tea with herbal jelly as I'm not a fan of tapioca. However, I've tried the tapioca at Kung Fu Tea and it's pretty good...they have the right taste and chewy texture. 
Some people (those who frequent CT) should know by now that service in Chinatown is rarely ever that great--this place is no exception. For a smooth service here, just make sure you know what you want to order before you step up to the cashier. The less complicated the order, the less painful the service experience. Yes, it's great that you can customize the level of ice and sugar but I like the way they make the regular milk tea. My wait for drinks usually don't take more than 10 mins and I've been here during all hours.
Don't buy the macaroons. They taste like pure sugar and way too overpriced for the size. Just go down the block to Audabon.This is the best bubble tea I have had in philly by far! I ordered the taro bubble slush and it was AMAZING! I will definitely be returning, especially in the spring and summer when it's a bit warmer outside overall love love love this place!!I was originally super excited about the Kung Fu tea opening in Philly because if this place proved legit I can finally satisfy my boba tea cravings in between the occasional trips to NYC. Unfortunately, after my first visit (and maybe last visit for awhile) to this place, I was left utterly disappointed. 
I think there are still some kinks they need to work out in terms of the quality of the product they are making. Since this was my first visit, I wanted to stick to the basics so I ordered a Kung Fu bubble milk tea. I asked if they use real milk since I am lactose intolerant and the girl who took my order said they don't use real milk at all-- they use a powdered creamer type thing (it's dairy free). Sounded strange, but OK I can live with that. When I got my drink, it was super thick. UGH! Not the light liquidy milk tea I am use to. I think they probably got the ratio of creamer to tea wrong. The tea left a gritty film in my mouth. Not to mention, there were way too much boba in my drink. I love boba, but there has to be a good tea-to-boba balance so I don't spend all my time chewing. Half my drink was filled with boba and the boba was a bit too mushy for my taste. Aside from the milk+boba issue, my husband ordered the longan honey tea with grass jelly and boba. It was like drinking pure syrup...I know you can customize the sweetness, but if this is the standard then there is going to be a lot more people with diabetes! Seriously, it was way too tooth-achingly sweet. Crank it down a notch.
I think I'll return eventually and give it another try after a few weeks. They are still new so they have some room for forgiveness in my opinion. However, this time it was a huge miss.YAY!! FINALLY GOOD MILK TEA IN PHILLY!!!! My boyfriend and I come here about three times a week, the tea and the service is awesome and pretty quick. Be aware, the tea's are SUPER sweet, ask for a level or two down in sweetness otherwise its pretty much like drinking pure sugar, but if you're into that, then go for it! Really, clean and spacious, overall its great!I arrived at Kung Fu Tea around 8 to meet my bubble tea craving after a concert. The ambiance inside the bubble tea shop was modernistic, with neon colors all around. Compared to other bubble tea places, I felt that their milk tea menu was a bit limited, but still expansive. I wanted to get their Thai milk tea, but they were apparently out of it, much to my dismay. I ordered instead a Taro milk tea with herbal jelly. The taro was quite rich in flavor, to my pleasant surprise. I would return for more bubble tea in the future, particularly when their Thai milk tea is in stock!My favorite bubble tea place in philly.  Best thing is they prepackage for you with carton and bag if you order more than 1.  I always order 2 to share but I have to drive them home so it's a huge plus to have them ready to go in a carry out bag.  Staff is always friendly and more than happy to package them to go.
I always get their green milk tea. 
Prices are about the same as everywhere else but I like that it's a bit more quiet and away from all the crowds.The tea is decent but the service not at all. I asked for tea without ice, they give me tea with ice and when I ask for replacement, they literally call me an "idiot" (I partially understand Chinese).The bad:
That cashier girl is unfriendly. Not sure how she got the job there.
Unnecessary ghetto music in the background.
The lightning is also a bit club-y.
Ghetto music + club lightning = attracting ghetto high school / college kids.
The good:
Their drinks on the sweet side? Really? I couldn't tell. You can adjust the sugar level anyway. But really.. I don't get why would you go to Bubble Tea place and expect unsweetened or very very very little sugar on your drinks. It's like going to McDonalds and ordered burger without cheese and a diet coke, with small fries.
It's street parking in Chinatown. Expect a hard time finding one, if you're driving.
Normal bubble tea price. East coast's isn't any cheaper than west coast's bubble teas.
It's definitely my favorite spot for bubble tea for now.
3 stars for all them bad and.., lack of Popcorn Chicken. ..like seriously.. these bubble tea places need to have $4 or $4.50 popcorn chicken on their menu.
-
PS: Chinese/Korean songs are fine. No Japanese anime songs please. Definitely NO in da hood gang bang bam bam shots songs.. you're attracting wrong group. Please stop turning into Tea-Do; and at the same time don't become too boring and cramped like Tea Talk.Can't go wrong with Kung Fu Tea. I recently moved down to Philly from NYC and glad there is one in Chinatown. This is my go to place for bubble tea. All different flavors and the only place I don't get sick after having milk tea.Perfect for late night snack or dessert.  Perfect tea.  Love lychee and Aloe jelly.  Boba has perfect texture.  Can adjust sweetness.  Just wish they would open a store in the suburbs or even in center city...Whenever I go to any boba place, I usually get taro milk tea or a taro slush.  I'm a fan of all things taro. That being said, Kung-fu has the best taro flavored drinks among any of the boba joints in Chinatown.  It's the closest to the real thing; they even add real taro bits to their hot taro milk.  Whenever I need my taro fix, I come to Kung-fu. The boba is typically cooked perfectly, but they do have their off-days.
 The most disappointing thing is that I have been here on more than one occasion where they completely ran out of boba. A bubble tea shop that's run out of boba? That doesn't make much sense at all. Why can't you cook up some more in the back?  Welp. I couldn't understand  then and I don't understand now. But hopefully  you won't have to experience that tragedy.Its bit pricer than what I am use to in New York.
Depending on who makes your drink, it will either turn out decent or disappointing. If you get a green tea based drink or wow milk, your drink will always taste okay. If you get a milk powder based drink, I.E. their kung fu milk tea, be prepared for a gamble.
This Kung Fu has enough room to seat 30 people? Maybe a little bit more. It's a good hang out spot. They also provide free Jenga and poker cards. They do have wifi, but you'll have to ask for the password. The bathroom is also pretty clean. 
Anyways... I am a HUGE kung fu tea fan in New York, but I might become a TeaDo regular while I'm in philly.Love the bubble tea. Usually get the kung fu milk tea but i got the coconut and Oreo. Coconut was pretty good and the Oreo was alright.Kung fu tea is a really nice spot for a quick take out drink and snack. The drink menu is very large & offers much variety. Hot, cold and slushy drinks are available. There's so many things to choose from that it took me a few minutes to decide! I ended up getting the iced peach oolong tea with mango jelly. It wasn't that sweet, I like it sweet though but that's ok. Looking closer to the menu you can actually order different levels of sweetness.. I know this for next time. The drink itself had chunks of canned peaches and of course the mango jelly that I added. It was nice and refreshing. They also have quick bites such as onigiri, which I got the spam one, and a nice variety of French macaroons and cakes.. I saw so many other drinks that I wanted to try, next time I'll have to try the Italian mocha slush, that's next on my listI like the whole ambiance of the place and that there is a lot of seating, unlike other bubble tea places I went to. I liked the almond milk tea and the price was pretty similar to other competitors. Overall I'd come back.Yum!  Fantastic options (options!!) like sugar level (which might be BS?) and slushiness.  Really good bubble tea!  But it feels a little insane inside with the lighting (which sometimes I like) and service just seems like it should be faster.  But this is def my new go-to spot for boba.
Oh, maybe I will go there now.  I want this.Three stars vs four stars....
Kung Fu serves a good solid bubble milk tea with bubbles cooked the right way. It has good "Q-Q" texture and neither under or over cook. They also recently started having pudding available. I ordered the original milk tea w/ bubbles and pudding. The pudding was decent but was missing the "eggy" flavor to it.
Three stars was due to the fact that they did not accept credit cards on the night I went. The system was not broken but they reached their max in credit card batch! This shouldn't happen at a food/ drinks establishment as they are pretty much turning business away.Worst customer service I've seen.
A couple of friends and I came to visit Philly and stopped here for milk tea. One of my friends ordered a snack. We waited, then we were told after 5 minutes that they run out of stock. The waitress asked us if we wanna change it to another item. My friend agreed and asked if the waitress if she could change the order to another milk tea. The waitress denied her request because the milk tea is 60 cents more expensive. My friend was like fine then could you issue me a refund then? Waitress said yes and swiped my friend's card. The waitress told us to wait to make sure the refund is back. We waited another 10 minutes, then was told the refund didn't work. We asked if they could refund my friend cash, and was denied by the waitress out of no reason. She asked my friend to swipe her card to refund, again. It failed again. Our parking was running out of time so we left, without a refund.
This place is ridiculous. I don't know how it stays open with such kind of service.Hey!  Philly has a real Chinatown!
Unfortunately, Kung Fu Tea does not live up to the standards of milk tea in other Chinatowns.  
They did spend a lot of money on decor for this place.  There's a big TV and an overall hip feel.  They list the options such as sugar level, and have the machine that seals a custom plastic sheet on top of your drink.  However, like most Kung Fu movies, this place is more style than substance.  Yes, the pearls were good, which is important.  But the drinks themselves were not memorable.  There was little tea flavor in the drink, and plenty of non-dairy creamer.
Sorry Kung Fu Tea.  Your kung fu is no good here.YESSSSSSSSSSSSS!!! I don't have to travel all the way to NYC for Kung Fu Tea anymore!
What makes Kung Fu Tea different from the other bubble tea joints in Philly is that their bubbles actually have flavor and has just the right amount of chewiness. The normal drinks are a bit more sweet compared to the NYC chains, but you can choose how much sugar you want in your drink (I usually go for 30% little sugar). I also ask for less ice so I can get more tea in my cup :). 
I've tried the traditional black milk tea, passion fruit green tea, golden oolong tea, golden oolong milk tea, and yogurt green tea. The black milk tea is pretty good. The passion fruit green tea is a bit watered down. I prefer Tea Do's passion fruit green tea with lychee jelly. The golden oolong tea, with and without milk, is nothing special. Despite going to Kung Fu Tea about 20 times this year, I've only tried those 5 drinks. This is because... the yogurt green tea is SO FRICKIN GOOD. I have an insatiable craving for it ALL THE TIME. If you like yakult, you'll love this drink. I really want to try other drink flavors, but I can't give up the yogurt green tea. I might have to order 2 drinks from now on...
Update: Golden Oolong milk tea (hot) is GREAT too!!! My go to drink for the winter. The lychee punch (cold) is sweet, flavorful, and perfect for the summer :).
Also, I know the macarons look good in the fridge, but skip it. They are small, overpriced, too sweet, and the flavor is mediocre. Just stick with the drink and go else where for your macarons and desserts.Finding a good bubble tea spot was a struggle my whole life until I came here. Only good bubble tea place I knew of was back in my college town but it's too bad that I can't stay in college forever. That's when I embarked on my journey to find the best bubble tea in Philadelphia. As of now (January 2nd, 2017), this is the best I've had here. They also have a location in northeast Philadelphia if you don't want to travel to the city. I always get the Kung fu tea which is similar(maybe the same) as Thai tea. The cottman location did run out of bubbles last time I went...kinda weird because it's called bubble tea..shouldn't they be plentiful bubbles in stock?? Otherwise  this is a solid place! Try it out!This is not your regular Kung Fu Tea.  I definitely don't feel like it's up to snuff compared to the other Kung Fu Tea branches I have tried. But it's definitely still better than other places in the chinatown area.  
The only major issue I have with this branch is that all their tea drinks taste relatively the same and it's hard to distinguish one drink from the other.  As in the green milk, tea and the chai and the regular milk tea all taste the same.
Other than that there is definitely a younger crowd vibe and the facilities are usually clean and service is timely.  
If you're looking for drinks that taste consistently the same. THIS is definitely the place for you.I like Kungfu Tea and was here with friends during it's opening week. The milk tea is definitely more rich and creamy compared to other tea places. However, their price is slightly higher. I do like the seating, comfy and trendy. 
Overall, service is good and drinks aren't bad. The matcha milk tea drink was definitely a standout. However, I stopped coming due to the SUPER high amount of mosquitoes that would fly on top and all over when I was there each time. We were playing cards and killed over 10 in the process. I dislike mosquitoes so much and they tend to come to me. It wasn't fun at all.Visited: 02/25/2016
We came here after dinner and it was average because in Duluth, GA there are so many of these types of drinks, this place doesn't really phase me. Actually, there are two Kung Fu Tea places in GA now :D I'm more biased towards Kung Fu Tea because of the tea taste. This time I ordered a warm drink and it was delicious :D So, whether you're in Duluth, GA or Philadelphia, PA, know you can visit a Kung Fu Tea :DThis is the only bubble tea shop I go to in Philly because they have an item called Red Bean Wow Milk - red mung beans with lactose-free whole milk. For those who have some lactose issue, requesting they use Lactaid milk for any of their milk tea items is a great plus on their part! Their Red Bean Wow Milk is the only item I order because all other milk teas from here and other shops are lacking in flavor and freshness that I grew accustomed to when I had lived in Taiwan. So unfortunately thanks to Taiwan, I now know what good quality tea is like...
Though this place has free wi-fi, I wouldn't recommend one to come to this place if they're looking to get work done since there's a lot of noise - jenga blocks falling, loud music, machinery working, and overall people trying to talk over all that background noise.This boba spot is fairly busy on the weekends, which makes finding a seat pretty difficult. After my last few visits, my order wasn't taken properly and food was kinda lack lustered. Granted, I should have read the menu of my order, so I will take that blame but the food seemed alot lower in quantity and quality compared to their tv pictures.
I ordered the spam rice ball and takoyaki. The spam was not really cooked and the takoyaki was pretty small compared to other nearby spots. The boba is fairly good. I would usually get their milky boba but that's just my taste. Also, their credit card reader hit it's batch limit so it made paying by card alot more difficult since they apply a $5 minimum and that time only accepted cash. Luckily, I had cash but I assume their ATM would have charged a service fee if I did not have cash. It is not convenient to go there.
Overall, I feel their service can use more improvement and their seating space is quite limited and often occupied for an extremely long time.Place is solid. Price is good and service is pretty fast. I wish that servers would ask you about the sugar levels instead of you making you say it. The seating is nice and a good place to just hang out and chill.The undisputed heavyweight in all things bubble (boba) tea. They truly go above and beyond here and have more choices than just about any other bubble tea place. Like anything else bubble tea has varying grades, this place is absolutely the best because of their obsessive attention to quality and detail.I paid for taro milk tea with boba but I got this boba tea that tastes like regular milk tea!  By the way, I double-checked before I left because it did not look like taro!  At $4.50, this is also overpriced!This is my new go to place now. My go to place used to be tea talk but tea talk is now mr.wish which isn't good as tea talk. I had a mild panic attack when tea talk was no longer with us. In order to bring peace into my heart, I took a journey down arch street. I found kung fun tea...and all is well with my soul again. The cups are nicer and sturdier. You can manage your sugar in take. They are not stingy with the bubbles. I like you, kung fun tea. I like you.I had their lychee drink. It was okay. It just tasted like the lychee from the can added with ice. My friends got bubble tea and they liked it.
There's a lot of seating here compared to the other tea shops around Chinatown. But that doesn't mean that they're available for you to sit on. They're usually already occupied by high school kids and their book bags.
The staff don't really talk to you. They just stand there, staring at you until you say something.
Overall, it was an okay experience.A good option to get that bubble tea fix in when you need it! The tea is great, and the prices are comparable to other places I have tried. I always appreciate the option to get varying levels of sugar.
With that being said, I often opt for other places, because of the service. I've found that every time I've been here, employees are standoffish and sometimes rude. I've never felt welcome here and I've been at least 4 times. 
Overall, it's not a bad stop... Just don't expect amazing service!My go-to bubble tea spot. I first had mixed feelings about KFT but continued to revisit it and it now grew on me. What makes it different from the other places in Chinatown is the bubbles. They're really chewy which I like. I usually grab an original milk tea or a passion fruit green tea with bubbles and I'm never disappointed. Great spot to chat and play games with friends too.Been to the one in New York and Boston so I'm glad they opened one in Chinatown! My favorite is jelly wow and oolong tea is good too. The pearls are not that good.... Maybe it's because it's new and haven't got the texture right. I love how I can ask for less sugar and ice. I never like overly sugary drinks. Worth a visit