Hands down best Italian BYOB.  My husband and I don't get out much these days with 2 little ones, but B.K. (before kids) we were real foodies, spoiled by all of Philly's great food.
Food is terrific and well-priced. Love, love, love the antipasta.  I can still taste it. Not the usual meats, cheese, olives, but delicious marinated vegetables of all kinds. Each has a unique flavor.   All vegetables, love it, and I'm not vegetarian or normally fond of cauliflower. 
And who doesn't want to get called "Bella" by a waiter with a genuine Italian accent? Can't beat it.Food is delicious, service is great. I will definitely come back to the place. I really have nothing to add, so if yelp could stop trying to force me to write more that would be greatly appreciated.Went back this past weekend. Food and service were top notch. I updated the review to five stars.Def the most authentic best italian restaurant in philly. This small byob has the best italian food i've actually had in philly. You need a reservation though because it's small and people all the way from new jersey drive in to eat here. I hope it stays a south philly secret. It's also right at the edge of Girard Estates area of philly which is the nicest/safest area in the city. Def try the fried gnocchi. It. Is. Insane. Good.Delicious and authentic.
The atmosphere is definitely old school italian, intimate and basic.
The food was delicious and the service was great.
they accomodate all requests and all their choices of homemade pastas are definitely a favorite.
Great meal in this homey BYOB. we'll be back.Came for dinner with my girlfriend before going to the Andrea Bocelli concert at the WFCenter since the restaurant is not very far from the venue.
The location, the atmosphere, the service and most importantly, the food, made this place absolutely the best dining experience we have had. We considered it better than any similar restaurants we have been to in New York or Italy.
The location is just off of Broad in South Philly and parking was no problem on the street .
It is small, and once one passes the front kitchen/pizza section, two charming little rooms contain small tables set up cosily.It feels one is in a small neighborhood restaurant in Italy.
The waiters were very attentive and without asking they divided my girlfriend's and my dishes on separate plates after overhearing that we were talking about trying each other's dishes. We were very impressed by this!
The food was simply the best we have ever had; the grilled calamari and the shrimp appetizer were out of this world. The gnocci with mushrooms and the duck were also exeptional. The desserts were also fantastic. The tab of approx $85 was very reasonable for what we had.
Now i want to bring back my entire family so they can also experience this exceptional place.I came here for my birthday with a group of 23 people. Sadly we couldn't all fit on one table so we ended up splitting into 2 group, which was unfortunately but there was nothing they could do about it. It's BYOB, service is excellent and food is seriously so delicious. For someone who has to serve 23 obnoxious people, our waiter was so patience with us. He open our wines immediately, brought us our glasses and told us to be as loud as we went to once the couple next to us leaves (it was almost time to close). 
Even though we made reservations, we did end up waiting almost an hour to get seated, but then again, I can't blame them because we were a huge group. Def will go back again soon.I have read that thi restaurant is perfect for a first date, Well it is definitely true! The re is a lot of specials  and the food is just delicious. I had for the asparagus and shrimp in a sort of basalmic sauce which blended perfectly. For the entree I had the lanb which was absolutely amazing! The atmosphere is really intimate and the service is great (a little hard to understand the italian accent!). Had a great time !I can't believe I never reviewed L'Angolo (translates roughly as "The Corner"...fitting as it is on a corner).  The place is tiny, you walk through the kitchen to get to the ultra cramped tables, surrounded by mismatched, Italian artwork and photos.  Still the food is better than most Italian in the city and the prices are insane.  You'll leave for under $30 a person in most situations!   
The pasta is generally very good, the meats can be hit or miss.  It's pretty authentic and, for the price, a relative steal.  Grab a solid bottle of Chianti or Dolcetto and rock this joint.
PS. Like in any South Philly area, parking can be a nightmare.Went there a couple times. Not inexpensive but food and service was excellent. Pretty sure it was byob.Excellent food and service.  We tried a number of appetizers, entrees and desserts and they were all winners.  It's BYOB, but they do have limoncello.  It was better than limoncello I had when I lived in Italy.  It's a small space so be sure to make a reservation.  We will definitely be back!Some of the best Italian food I've ever had.  Gnocchi melted in my mouth.  Grilled calamari was incredibly flavorful.  Service was efficient, laid back and friendly.  BYOB.  Very small room, very small menu, food made to order.  Reasonably priced, especially for the quality.  I will be back.The food was amazing!  Fresh, delicious, more than enough on the plate. Best key lime cheese cake. Staff were wonderful, price was fair. Can't wait to go back.I am a huge italian food fan, I sometimes tell people i should have been born italian because i like the food so much. 
the food here was very good and I enjoyed my good old spaghetti and meat balls very much. as well as a mixture of appetizers shared between my friends and I.
the only reason I did not give a perfect five star rating is because the service was a little slow. I come from a family of waitresses and I have grown to appreciate a good waiter and i felt that we could have been checked on a bit more. when we needed refills we found ourselves all trying to flag down the waiter. 
I would still go back just make sure to drink your beverage slow.Great little neighborhood joint. Good food, nice rustic ambiance. One of those "ya gotta try at least once" places to see if ya like it.Great, authentic byob. Delicious, flavorful traditional Italian food in a cozy atmosphere. Very reasonable prices. One of the best Italian byos I have been to yet. Will most definitely by back. Parking is easy and chefs/servers friendly and accommodating.I read the reviews and was really in the mood for some ravoli. To my dismay, the ravoli at L'Angolo was tough and not good. Parking is a nightmare, but that was expected. Also would have liked some good olive oil or olive spread for the bread. The spread they offer was too sweet.  Staff was friendly and service was timely. Nice dining area with tables spaced well. Other dishes (gnocchi and spaghetti bolognese) tried by my family were enjoyed.Absolutely fantastic in every way. Perfect date night spot. I had the Maiale, super tender. Great prices as well.
Call ahead and get a reservation, the restaurant is small and fills quickly.It's rare to find a quality Italian restaurant for one. For two, it's hard to find one that isn't overpriced.  Every time I've been here, I've never had a bad meal or experience. Everything from the service, to how long each course comes out, to the food quality, has been perfectly consistent.
Big tip: if you have the time, go here for lunch. It's amazingly affordable (the price range for an entree is $10-$13), and you don't have to worry about reservations. 
There are few restaurants that I obsess about going back to, and L'angelo's one of them!Absolutely lovely. Started coming here years ago, right when they opened. It's truly a magical place with some of the most lovingly prepared Italian food you'll ever find--anywhere. My favorite restaurant when I'm home in Philly!This is a South Philly neighborhood gem!  Really great Italian food.  Great for a date place.  Home-made pastas are amazeballs! They had a vegetable appetizer special which was incredible.  They have delicious seafood and the pork chop special is a must try.  Pumpkin cheesecake with a double espresso for dessert makes for a nice finish.  At first it seems like there are too many tables for the size of the restaurant but once you open your bottle (BYO) and focus on your date, everything else fades into the background.Best southern Italian meal ever. Amazing from appetizer to dessert. Very kind staff. Best part...not super noisy for such a small restaurant. BYOB, too.This small, neighborhood place was wonderful. Great service, great food. The tomato-mozzarella salad with balsamic fig glaze was exceptional. My veal with shrimp in wine sauce was also fine, and a hearty portion to boot. Others at the table rave about the gnocchi, the braciole and the chicken in lemon sauce. All the desserts - tiramisu, chocolate torte, gelato and cannoli - were perfect meal enders. 
There are only about 10 tables and I would be hard to seat a party larger than six. Make a reservation. And be aware that it is BYOB.One of the best in its price category. No exceptions. My folks took me to this Italian joint the last week...Wow! double wow!  Everyone of us was dreaming of the next time we would return. the Pasta Bolognese was well crafted, The veal dishes where amazing, the mussel linguine was sublime , the braised beef and tomato spaghetti blew my mom's mind(her mind is easily blown)...the only dish that was suspect was the roasted cauliflower and onion pasta dish...pOps said it had too much salt...oh well. guess where I am going next time I am back in Philly?Stop the presses! This is the spot! Forget all the other Italian places and make this the only one on your list. The people are so friendly and respectful, and the place is very inviting and warm. All the best vibes you could ever ask for. But, the food....my god the food. The bread is unreal. Do yourselves a favor and get the grilled artichokes. In my opinion, one of the best, most flavorful things on the menu in terms of appetizers. But all of them are so solid. The octopus, the papardelle pasta....man all of them! As for main courses....you can't go wrong with any of the choices there either. Hell, that's what makes it so good! You can get any entree and you won't be disappointed. I mean, I can't think of a better choice of options in any place I have ever been to. Tell your family. Tell your friends. Get to this place and experience some of the best food you can! Your taste buds will dance for joy the rest of the night! Do it!Yelpers--what did you see that I missed??  I really didn't see anything special in L'Angolo.
I started off with the veal ravioli special, which was good.  But my entree, the duck orcchiette (which everyone seems to love) was really sub-par.  I thought the duck was unusually game-y and the sauce tasted like Campbell's chicken broth.  My husband's Spaghetti allo Scoglio wasn't much better.  Maybe we went on an off-night, but with so many wonderful (and consistent) Italian restaurants in the area, I'm not planning on giving them a second chance.So happy I rediscovered this restaurant.   The food and staff are of excellent quality. This is the place for authentic quality Italian food.I first visited this place in 2011 and then revisited in 2016. I've since been there four more times and must say have not been disappointed yet with quality of food quantity of food or quality of services. This place hadn't changed a bit as far as I can tell and that's a good thing. It is a small mom and pops place with about 16 to 20 tables. I highly recommend making a reservation especially if going on the weekendBy far the best italian restaurant we have ever eaten at. So good we make sure when travelling to & from NY and Florida for winter we make Philadelphia an overnight stop just to eat there. 
Everything homemade, service exceptional in this small restaurant with nice ambiance. 
BYOB helps make the cost even more reasonable with their evry reasonable prices.It's tough to keep the same freshness and perfection when getting an order through UberEATS. L'angolo does just that. Everything from the Caesar salad to the bolognese was amazing!Food is very good, however the place is a little loud if you are planning to come here for a date night.  BYOB is a plus though!Eccellente! Incredibile!  Had dinner there last evening ahead of a show at the Kimmel Center.  Can say enough, and its a BYOB!   The waiters are great, always seem to anticipate what you may need next.  The food - melt in your mouth.   Its definitely become our go-to place when we are in or near S. Philly.Cozy South Philly Italian spot with a small but delicious menu.  Bonus points for BYO and great service. Parking can be tough in the neighborhood but you should be able to find something on Broad.Perfecto!   I can figure out why it only has 4.5 stars?!?    The food was amazing.  I highly recommend the grille calamari app. - this is the way it should be served, fresh, light, literally melt in your mouth.  Service was over the top. Seating was tight, but I have to tell you, it was a great atmosphere! Everyone there seemed to be thoroughly enjoying their dinner and company and you still could have a private conversation.  Can't give this enough praise.  We will definitely be back, and probably will be a reason to just go to the city!  We live NW of Philly and it takes us 1-1.5hrs because of traffic.Beautiful BYOB. Start by walking through the kitchen, being greeted by the cooks and waiters. It makes you feel like you're entering a Tuscan villa!
Inside, the tables are cramped so get use to hobnobbing with fellow diners. 
Get the artichoke hearts to start. You can't go wrong with the gnocchi. I very much doubt you'll have room for dessert. I never have!
Space is limited and you'll need a reservation. There are usually only two sittings on a week night.I loved this place.  Wanted good Italian near my home in Philly and hooray for Yelp helping me find this restaurant.  
BF had the linguine and clams, we both had excellent Caesar salads.  I had the lamb special.  Wonderful.  Tiramisu for dessert was ok, but his hazelnut gelato was orgasmic.  Took leftovers home, re-heated the next day and was perfect comfort food in this cold weather.
Reservations recommended, and yes, allow extra time to find a parking space and walk over. (ah, Philly).   If you come late you may be the only couple left at 9 pm, making it more romantic.  Not a lot of seating in this restaurant, so it's 'cozy'.  Service was brusque and efficient, but not rude, got better as more folks left the restaurant and the waiters could relax a bit.  I hope to go back and try more entrees.  Thank you, L'Angolo!Great place for authentic to go food! They were so nice when we asked for plastic cutlery and they were out they offered to give us their silver! Great example of south philly Italian food.Was recently back in Philly visiting the in-laws and determined to find an alternative to Marra's (which I adore by the way). How great was it to be squeezed in last minute  for a table of 4 on a Saturday evening? Pretty friggin awesome actually. I loved L'Angelo from the sec we walked in and past the kitchen. Our entrees were stellar, the service was attentive and appropriate to a joint in the hood and the prices were so fair. BUT...the appetizers were a bit overpriced and stingy when being shared by 4 peeps. A slight reduction in price or a slight increase in portion would not kill them. The shrimp in the grilled asparagus/prosciutto/shrimp appetizer was pretty tough and the portion was far too meager but very very tasty nonetheless. 
The moral of the story is: get an easier to find and read on-line menu; tweak the prices and portions of the appetizers and I will love you all forever. 
A great place in a great hood in a great city.Good food, great service! 
The waiter handed our menus, told us the specials for tonight, and opened our bottle of pinot grigio without us asking :) Our waiter was more than glad to help in describing dishes that we couldn't pronounce. Could use a little more breathing room around our table, but I guess this is normal for S. Philly BYOs
The grilled calamari and baked mushrooms that we ordered for appetizers came out excellent! The seafood spaghetti in spicy white sauce that my friend ordered is OMGG good. I got one of the specials for the night, veal ravioli in a cream sauce. It was actually a little too heavy and dense for me, but the flavors were fantastic. Tiramisu was just okay for me. 
This was my first Italian BYOB experience and it was awesome!Classic Italian in classic south philly. Interesting penne with eggplant sauce!  Yup. Very interesting 
It was a special occasion for my son as he won an award for reading for Ronald McDonald house. 
He got the gnocchi marinara. "Dad this place is awesome"!  
Not 5 stars because it was packed And took a little while to get our food also
Limited vegetarian options.I can't speak highly enough about L'Angolo. I went there for dinner for the first time a year ago as my "carbo-loading" before the Broad Street Run. Let me tell you, there is no better place in the city to fill up on pasta than L'Angolo. I've been there several times throughout the year since then, and every time I have been there (regardless of the occasion or party size), the service has been impeccable and the food has been incredible. I would make recommendations, but I have seriously not had anything there that I wouldn't recommend and/or order again. No matter what you order, you won't be disappointed.A great South Philly find!  Southern Italian served in a private home setting.  The quarters are a little tight, but the food, friendly staff, and BYO status more than makes up for that!  Everything on the menu, from traditional antipasto and home made pasta to fresh fish and veal dishes, are made with loving care.  Make sure to make a reservations, and be prepared to navigate the narrow streets and double parking.  Believe me, it will be work it!I was not a fan. I was a human being attempting to satiate my appetite on a nice fall evening, and I was greatly disappointed. My darling lover and I wanted to enjoy a nice Italian dinner (as lovers do), but ended up wishing we had settled for take-out. Our server was nice and friendly, but the dining area was cramped - I had to side-step between other patrons just to get to my seat in the corner of the restaurant.
For appetizers, we ordered the grilled romaine (a special that night), and the grilled calamari. The calamari was slightly undercooked, and the grilled romaine left an unpleasant oily residue on my lips - I felt like I had just made out with a vat of vegetable oil. Slightly disappointed, we were looking forward to our mean course. My darling beau ordered the lobster ravioli; I, the ribbon pasta was shredded boar ragu (a special). The wait time was not long, but I felt my face drop as soon as the meal was set before us. The portion of pasta was very small - about the size of my fist. I was assured by our waiter that it was a hearty portion, but it barely put a dent in my appetite at all. My better half said that the lobster ravioli did not taste fresh.
I don't go into any restaurant expecting it to be the best, but this was a let down on several levels. For the price, there is no reason why I should order an appetizer and entree, eat everything on my plates, and still leave hungry, feeling that the bread was the best part of the meal.
I'll just put it this way - this place made me want Olive Garden.My husband moved here from Italy last year and he rates the food here as the best Italian food he's had in the US.  But great food is not all this place offers.  The restaurant is warm, cozy and welcoming.  Not a hint of pretentiousness (thank the stars).  The servers, chefs (you get to walk right by them) and hosts are friendly and go out of their way to make sure you enjoy your visit.  There are so many good things on the menu, it's hard to know where to start.  The bracciola is one of our favorites.  The mussels are fresh and delicious.  Desserts are also fresh and super tasty.  I'd recommend L'Angolo for a date or for a larger crowd (although you'd need a reservation).  This place is truly one of the best in Philly- a hidden and unique little gem very much worth taking the trip to South Philly.  We're sure to be back again....and again.....and again.Stumbled across L'Angolo in South Philly and couldn't be happier! Tidy, intimate, delicious BYO neighborhood Italian spot! Nice people, fantastic atmosphere, and absolutely scrumptious pasta dishes! If you are looking for a great, old school, classic neighborhood experience - look no further! You will not be disappointed.Food was great down to the homemade bread ! You can't beat BYOB. Finding this GEM on Yelp with such great reviews was a huge help ok getting my Italian fix.We had an excellent Sunday brunch/lunch experience here. The general manager was extremely attentive and conversational. Portions were substantial as well, so I had leftovers for another meal or two. We were out for a family meal, so we were taking our time and enjoying the conversation. Not once did the waitstaff or manager rush us, even though there were not many diners left by the time we were winding down. The manager even brought us a nice post-lunch drink to enjoy. How thoughtful! It really speaks his care for the customers and his excellent leadership in cultivating the restaurant's image. Thank you for the wonderful service.Excellent local restaurant that cares about the product and treats the customers well. Not just a meal but more like a food experience because the whole team is into it and it shows. The menu variety is balanced and the skills in the kitchen are apparent once you begin eating. Reservations are best if you want to lock in a table. Byob lets you have the wine you want. Parking is nearly impossible but that is expected. Some will find it cramped and noisy and others will feel at home. Just relax and enjoy the meal. I will return and update my review.L'Angolo features food from Puglia which is the chef's home town. Don't look for red gravy here its more centered on seafood and select meat dishes. Specials are always a treat. BYOB and friendly atmosphere. Back in the day they served complimentary home made Lemoncello. ..This little gem of south Philly! Amazing food! The cutest and nicest staff! Very accommodating to my late call for reservation change on a friday night and even once we were there they allowed us to move our table out of the doorway when another table opened up. 
I had the seafood spaghetti dish-- delicious. Not over salty. Great portions of seafood. Garlic sauce on point. 
The BF went with chicken parm. Generous portion size! Even HE couldn't eat it all! 
Cannoli for dessert, perfect. 
Can't wait to come back!Small as everyone here has noted but we had a good time.  The food is all good.  Great bread, appetizers and entrees.  My grilfriend's gnocci melted in your mouth.  My roommate ordered the lamb and was very impressed.  It's probably my fault for ordering it, but I got the spaghetti bolognese and it was good, though not 5 star great.  I guess I'm a bit picky!  But a solid 4 to 4 1/2 stars for this great BYOB.I'll coworker of mine recommended this restaurant as he has been going there for  many years. I was not disappointed. Small, cozy BYOB with excellent service and excellent food. My wife ordered the smoke mozzarella dish and I ordered grilled calamari for appetizers. Both are awesome. However, they were outshined by the ossobucu which literally fell off the bone and melted in our mouth. I was torn between ordering the seafood pasta dish and the the homemade pasta with duck. Our waiter made decision easy for me by telling me he was happy to split my order and give me a sampling of both for my entrée. Both were excellent, and I polished off both plates. The homemade pasta was unbelievable. We were too full to try any of the deserts, but our waiter topped off our meal with a complementary shot of lemoncello which really hit the spot. My wife and I cannot wait to go again and are hoping to be able to save enough room to try dessert The next time.Walked in at around 5 on a Friday and the place was empty.  They asked if I had a reservation and i said, yes, Dr. King, Martin Luther King, and the guy cooking chuckled. Had the mussels in red that was brothy but tasty, arugula salad that was missing other stuff, and we split a veal chop which was very good.  Will go back again when in town  an will try the caprice and meatballs.  I like byob and we drank vodka and wine.  Canolis were tasty, place had nice ambiance and definitely South Philly.As we entered, we were greeted by a very friendly staff. The restaurant is small, but has a nice ambiance about it. I would suggest reservations. 
We started with an incredible grilled calamari appetizer and a delicious cold octopus salad. We followed this with three absolutely incredible main dishes. All were some of the best food we have ever had. We finished with a cannoli, sea salt and caramel gelato, and chocolate tort with raspberry sauce. 
The food, ambiance, and staff were fantastic, and we will definitely come again. 
Note: It is BYOBDelicious.  Great service and great food make this a go to spot. Pasta and gravy is perfectly cooked, fresh and delicious. Specials are usually worthwhile. The atmosphere has a very old world south Philly feeling, and you can actually hold a conversation and hear what is being said.Been going to L'Angolo for a while now.  Food is always very good and so is the service.  Came here tonight with some family visiting from out of town.  We had a blast and they did a great job.  Thanks L'Angolo!I highly enjoyed L'Angolo.  I went here with my husband and the in-laws for a Mother's Day dinner. 
The service was excellent.  Our host and waiter were really attentive and and nice.  It's small inside, but cozy and not ridiculously loud.  You can enjoy your conversation without having to yell at each other.  I would recommend getting reservations; also, it's a BYOB, so don't forget the wine! 
I got the gnocchi and it was excellent!  Perfectly executed.  The other dishes that were ordered were the lobster ravioli, the veal, and the orecchiette with the duck.  Everyone really loved their meal.  Just a warning, the plates are large.  I was pretty stuffed when I finished my dinner.  We got the cannoli for dessert, which was rich and delicious, but not the best I've ever had.  Don't get me wrong, it was good; I'm not complaining.  I've just had better cannoli before.  
Overall, I would definitely return and I would recommend it.  It's reasonably priced, had great service, and great food.  You can't really go wrong!This place is absolutely delicious.  I've never had pasta Bolognese as good as this.  The meat was slow cooked and not just ground meat.  Cesar salad was top notch with 2 huge triangles of parm cheese.  Can't wait to go back.First time eating in south Philly so I checked Yelp and had to try L'angola.  So happy we did. Everything was on point from all reviews. The staff was excellent. The appetizers excellent.  The dinners excellent. Dessert was excellent. Prices were fair. I would highly recommend and can't wait to go back.  We had the eggplant, mozzarella special, veal chop, homemade gnocchi, spaghetti bolognese, cheesecake. And I must say everything was fantastic.L'Angolo is a quaint Italian BYOB focusing on seafood. The environment is casual but quiet and refined. 
Dinner started with bread service. The bread was decent. The crumb and crust were both a bit dry. The sundried tomato and olive oil blend with which it was served were sweet and unctuous. It helped make up for the mediocrity of the bread. 
We ordered the grilled calamari and herbed olive oil which is served over a bed of wilted arugula. The calamari's flavor was smoky and salty (perhaps a bit much salt). The execution of the meat was perfect, tender yet firm. 
For the main course, I ordered the Spaghetti Scoglio. This is a large noodle dish arrayed with lots of mussels, calamari (not grilled), and shrimp. The flavor profile was excellent: garlicky, sweet, savory, herbaceous, and delicious. However, the shrimp and the spaghetti were poorly executed. The shrimp was overcooked, dry and too tough. The spaghetti was just a bit undercooked (should have sat an extra 90 seconds in simmering red sauce). The pasta is, unfortunately, dried box/bag pasta. 
For dessert, the Tiramisu was excellent. Flavors were delicate and creamy. The dessert was earthy enough from the coffee, savory enough from the cream, and sweet enough from the eggs, marscapone, and sugar.
L'Angolo provides a memorable Italian meal in a smart casual environment. The food was mostly well-executed with attention to complexity and breadth of flavor. Their service was kind and attentive. Dine here if you're looking for a good Italian dinner in the moderate price range.We were warmly greeted by the chef and entire wait staff as though we were "famiglia".... The atmosphere was cozy, freshly painted and felt like an Italian grotto. Our grilled romaine, Gorgonzola and balsamic reduction salad was savory and well balanced. Our veal ravioli in a cream sauce appetizer was exquisite. My wife loved her chicken breast with golden raisins and onions with a side of their spaghetti bolognese. I enjoyed my mahi mahi, mussels, clams, shrimp and calamari, however I would have preferred the fish to be less smothered in the broth. The marscapone cheesecake was amazing. We felt the service, food and atmosphere were outstanding and we will recommend it to our friends.Love the atmosphere here. Great service. The food was very very good. Highly recommended!This is only the second time we've been there and it continues to impress us. Service is great, food wonderful with many options of fresh pasta! I was undecided on two different pasta dishes and the waiter said since we aren't busy ( we had a 5 pm reservation) he would do half of each. He also accommodated our friends request with no issues. Make reservations as it is a small place, get there early to park as it's is street parking only. But you won't be disappointed!L'Angolo Ristorante is absolutely amazing. It was by far the best Italian food I have ever had in Philadelphia. The staff was great and very friendly. I loved the atmosphere. It felt like I was actually in Italy. For dessert I got cheesecake. I'm not a huge fan of cheesecake, but I got it anyway. This cheesecake is homemade, and it was by far the BEST cheesecake I have ever had. I was very pleased with my overall experience at this restaurant, and I cannot wait to go back. I highly recommend it!Went again last week and as usual the food was outstanding. The portion sizes are just right and the prices are down right incedible. I am glad that Jessica will not be giving it a second chance, its crowded enough as it is.Very good BYOB, it's a small restaurant so do make sure you make a reservation and bring a good bottle of wine with you!Excellent:  Food-delicious in all aspects
Excellent: service amazing
Little tiny gem that has a very warm atmosphere- it fellas tough you are sitting ing in someone's home
The staff could not do enough for us! This restaurant really cares about all the guests,
Please make a reservation. One of the best in Philadelphia,!!Brought my wife and two adult kids here for daughter's birthday dinner. Have eaten here several times before and always good. This time was also very good. The special Veal Chop was superb as was the asparagus rolled in prosciutto and shrimp in balsmaic vinegar. Evryone else's meal was great too and very reasonable. The bread is hot and delicious with the olive oil tapenade accompanying it.
A few notes:
We wanted to order the special of grilled striped bass, shrimp and calamari that the waiter suggested. When ordered, the waiter came back after taking our order to the kitchen and told us that the fish wasn;t done yet. How can it be a special and at 7PM they say it wasn't doen yet?
At dessert time, we ordered the suggested fabulous Tirmisu and once agin, the waiter came back and told us the dessert was still frozen and couldn;t be served. Weird as the table next to us ordered it and received it about a half hour earlier.
Even with these two weird instances, I would still recommend this establishment.L' Angolo was highly recommended by a friend and I will in turn highly recommend it to my friends. I have only been once, but every single thing that my friend and I had was delicious. We had the antipasti sampler to start and it was delicious! They give you a plate full of samples of all of their antipasti dishes (beets, cauliflower, bean salad, polenta (i think), pickeld peppers, eggplant and more), definitely get that as a starter if you go! I had the gnocci with shrimp in a ricotta cheese sauce. They were amazing! the gnocci's were perfectly cooked little light pillows (not doughie and heavy like at some places). I personally don't like ricotta much at all, but this sauce was amazing, it was not to cheesy, was lightly flavored by the accompanying shrimp and was a lot lighter than i thought it would be. My friend had the pepperdelle pasta which was also very good. For dessert I had the Tiramisu and she had the pumpkin marscapone cheescake. The desserts were delicious and also well portioned. Our whole bill came to $60, which was really nice for 3 courses of delicious and well portioned food.My favorite restaurant in Philadelphia hands down and perhaps my all time favorite restaurant. Been coming here since 2012. Tried others in south philly and this is still my place. I love their pork shank, seafood platter, lamb chop, really everything. This place doesn't disappoint and there are always other friendly patrons.It's a tiny little gem. About $20/entree... Frikkin delish. 
They had quite a few specials for the evening and I chose to start with one of the salad specials. It was definitely large enough to share with another person because they also bring out bread and oil. 
I had the lobster ravioli and was pleased that the pasta was al dente and there was enough lobster inside that I actually had to chew. Really good. A bit oily but very flavorful. 
My date had the eggplant & ricotta penne. Again perfectly cooked pasta. Great flavor. We both had leftovers so I'd say portion size is adequate for even a big eater. 
Service was terrific (and easy on the eyes). They leave you be and allow you to enjoy your meal, wine, and company. Can't wait to take some friends and try more dishes. Larger groups will likely need reservations as this place is small.Went for my third time in as many years.  I'd have gone more often if I didn't want to wear out the best reasonably-priced Italian BYO in a city full of them.  
A friend recently went on my recommendation and said that it reminded him of some restaurants in southern Italy he had visited.  I countered that my only complaint was the just-a-tad-shy-of-cheesy decor, and he responded without a beat that the decor was part of the appeal.
I won't go into what we ordered other than to say that the artichoke appetizer special has been consistently fantastic for years (ask for it if it's not available) and I especially enjoy the orecchiette with shredded duck.  Just get here and fast.Absolutely wonderful dinner! The food, the staff and the ambience were all top notch. First time and will definitely be going back. Parking  was difficult, but the $10 valet was worth every penny. Great wine list and extensive menu.We arrived to the restaurant and we didn't know it's preferred to make a reservation and they were kind enough to accommodate us right away. The place is amazing, only a few tables but I love small places like that. I ordered lobster ravioli and it was outstanding! Wonderful experience!Overall, Great food and a great vibe with reasonable prices. Wasn't thrilled by the mussels, but the Lobster Ravioli and homemade gnocchi were incredible. Casual but elegant atmosphere with really nice servers.Everything is delicious from the moment you sit down to the moment you leave. The bread they bring you is warm out of the oven and delicious. The veal ravioli was incredible and the chicken parm was also delicious. We started with the classic caesar salad which was very good as well. I have no complaints about this restaurant and I definitely plan on coming backI really loved this place. The fact that you have to walk through the kitchen to get to the dining area certainly adds a bit of charm and movie style ambience.  I went with some girlfriends and a few bottles of wine. We had intended to go somewhere else, but discovered they were closed for a vacation so we scrambled for a second choice and realized fate was on our side that night. We called L'Angolo and made a last minute reservation, I think we may have snagged the last table. 
We shared a few apps, including an artichoke special. I am such a sucker for an artichoke special. It did not disappoint.  For my entree I opted for the gnocchi and omitted the shrimp to make it veggie. It was delicious.  Everyone else loved their entrees too. Next time I'm going with other veggies so I can try more stuff! The bill was so cheap since it's BYO and service was spot on with frequently filled waters. Go!L'Angolo has been one of my favorite restaurants in Philadelphia, BYO or otherwise, for quite some time. It's not just because the menu is solid, it's not just Nino getting me uncomfortably drunk on limoncello, it's not just the ravioli di aragosta in cream sauce (which has made me roll my eyes back into my skull on more than one occasion).
It's that they're very down to earth, genuinely nice people who happen to run a fabulous little Italian place. The space is cramped but cute, the waitstaff is friendly but not overly talkative, and the kitchen can turn out plates quickly and consistently.
Try: the calamari, the gnocchi, the aforementioned lobster ravioli, the chocolate torte (with a glass of red wine, please.) If they have the gamberi con prosciutto, get that too, but I haven't seen it in awhile.
Parking may be an issue if you're driving, but you'll probably be a block or two away at most.lovely little hole in the wall spot in south Philly! 
the service could be better, but they were busy when we came here on a Friday night at 7:30. 
As many others have said, the burrata dish is to die for! I love that it is served with prosciutto and arugula. The perfect trifecta.
The grilled calamari is a nice change of pace from the usual overplayed and overly-fried dish, but I wish they served it with marinara sauce on the side rather than olive oil. 
The pasta dishes are huge! I had the bolognese and was pleased. The sauce is good but the dish is quite heavy. I wasn't able to finish it. The pasta was perfectly al dente, so A+ there. 
I love that this place is BYOB as well! Would love to try again, perhaps at their new Havertown location!Live across the street. Came in after eye surgery to order up take out. Mozz pepper app(server didnt know what the item was) and that should have been a hint. Burnt hard cheese like rubber. Inedible veg. Chix parm was the worst ever(rubber as well) with literally 8 ind. Pieces of pasta.