A large firecracker, that merely popped at my feet...
I stepped into the little cafe, wanted to love it.  It was half full - just right.  The decor seemed a bit french, a bit grungy which was good but the music was all over the place.  It was like the persian radio I remember hearing in Bahrain taxis that cut in and out constantly which was a bit jarring...but anyway.
Ordered a mocha and I was stoked to enjoy it.  As I sipped the latte, my tastebuds sought out the chocolate but could only find a vapor, a trace maybe.  Then, I broke one of my cardinal rules.  I added sugar to a mocha to make it drinkable.  
My concentration wanned thanks to a nosy biz woman who kept boring her eyes into the side of my head, perhaps it was because of my grimmacing expression drawn out by my drink.  
When I finally found the bottom, there was actually chocolate sludge so I stirred vigorously to hopefully get a full mocha sip... yick.
I'm not sure if you're using unsweetened chocolate, but this reviewer isn't a fan.  Sorry, I'll come back and try one more thing, perhaps just a drip coffee this time.Found this place by accident last weekend while entertaining a friend from out of town. She had a double cappucino and I had a cup of the regular  house blend.  Both offerings were excellent and we really thought the owner was super friendly.  BTW, we are both over 40, definitely not young "hipsters" or Society Hill types. I didn't detect any favoritism do to our outward appearance or social status. FAct is, he was quite outcoing and accommodating!
As for  the person who thinks he should have received a discount for bringing in his own cup - Ummm, I can only think of two places who ever honored that deal... Dunkin' Donuts and Wawa.... and  I don't even think THEY even honor that deal anymore.
For the record, I would have given La Citadelle 5 stars, but, as you may have noticed - most reviewers mentioned the fact that it's not crowded...  Fact is, there was only one small table left and we took it.  I don't want the place to be evercrowded next tiome I go there because of too many 5-star reviews. Guess I'm just being selfish, but I want to be able to find a seat next time I stop in.  Bottom line - I would actually go out of my way to have that coffee again. Said (pronounced Sah-YEED) the owner and the ambience of this little coffee house are icing on the cake!I loved this place. This old, mysterious bald guy runs a little corner shop with weird seating. He goes in and out of speaking French, tries to make jokes, and rushes you through the process of ordering. I think it's funny. 
Probably not for all people, but I'd go see Mr Said. He's a character, with reasonably priced espresso.A wonderful little place just south of rittenhouse square. A dose of pleasantry just when I needed it. 
Just north of this is 'plenty', a new cafe in town with great coffee, but that place lacks the charm and neighborly feel of la citadelle.GREAT coffee, but I find the owner to be rude.  Some people he goes out of his way for and others he barely speaks to.  The rest of the staff I have ever seen are wonderful.  Small business like this you'd think he'd be nice to everyone."bonjour!" exclaims the owner of la citadelle when i approach the counter for my morning latte. and when i hand over my payment, he smiles and says "merci!" *love it*  by no means am i a regular - i make it in once every other week at best - he is simply just that friendly...such a refreshing demeanor compared to those of baristas at the nearby chain coffeehouses (ahem, starbucks).
if i lived in the city, i would totally be here all the time and would likely get more than a large, single shot latte with every visit. but it's hard to resist ordering this special treat with such infrequent visits. basically, i only ever get here on those mornings when i had to park my car a good few blocks away from the bf's apartment in order to score a free meter the night before. i'll admit, i occasionally see a spot and will push my luck for finding one closer to la citadelle, even if i am then forced to lug my heavy overnight bag the extra distance back & forth. yup, the lattes are that worth it.
yesterday was once such fortunate day, and my first time changing up my order to an *iced* latte (oooh, adventurous!) it was just as delicious cold and truly hit the spot on a warm june morning. 
i do intend to make it in on a weekend to try out some of the food, as well as spend some time chilling in the cozy little space....latte in hand, no doubt!Excellent space, good coffee, funny owner. I stumbled upon it a while back and was glad to find all my Center City friends feel the same way.I felt like I was in bizarro world.  First off, everything about the coffee service tries to replicate La Colombe.  Except it just isn't as good.  I don't know why, but it just didn't taste as good.  A little more acidic? A little less bodied?  But my favorite part was when I noticed that even the saucers said La Colombe, like they were bought at a garage sale.
Speaking of garage sales, that's what this place reminded me of.  Mismatched furniture, wobbly tables, a little bit too dirty for food service, lots of papers lying around, etc.  Plus the jazz was just a tad too loud for me to drown out with my headphones -- even in the back room.  
It's more expensive than the original LC, they don't take credit cards, and the barista felt much more comfortable making chit chat with the hipsters ahead of me than with a guy who's a tad too clean cut for the coffee bar scene. 
I don't know -- I guess I can see why people like it.  But I don't think I'll be back.Cute coffee house with a character for an owner! He was very friendly and the shop was peaceful and had wi-fi. I would definitely go back!When La Citadelle first opened, I thought it was a little bare bones. Since then, I have come to love it. The owner is a whiz with the espresso machine, and he is also a nice neighbor to have around. He always seems to be doing something to improve his shop, like adding outside tables recently. 
When I'm having a rough morning, a strong iced coffee and a cheese croissant from La Citadelle usually take care of it, and for under $5.I love La Citadelle! The coffee - La Colombe - is delicious and inexpensive (a small cup of coffee was 1.50, which is cheaper than the crap they pour at Starbucks). It's a great place to come and do work when you need to as they provide free wifi. 
The interior is really comfy, with various magazines, newspapers, books, and pillows everywhere. The tables are rather small but there are plenty of them, and windows like the room to give lots of great natural light. There is a second room in the back that is great for doing work as well.
The owner, Said, is a great guy. He has a great sense of humor and is always down for a quick chat. 
All in all, it's a great neighborhood coffee shop that I'll be returning to again and again.great place. quite cozy. the coffee is pretty good and not too expensive, and the menu offers an adequate selection of caffeinated beverages and food. sandwiches are exceptional and a decent amount of food.
and when said puts on edith piaf, that's my jam right there.
one gets a good view of pine street and of the drake, one of philadelphia's finest buildings.Awesome spot with a great big window perfect for enjoying a cup of coffee, tea or bagel while getting some work done. The owner is comical and friendly which makes the experience special and unique. He treats each guest like one of his own family. I got a cappuccino and not only was it beautiful but also very delicious!Had an espresso here - while the cafe is appreciated for being there, I feel it could be slightly improved, but it does have a homely feel.  Not my first pick, but it works in a hurry.Great coffee. Opens early. Great staff. This is my favorite coffee place in the city by far. Sayed is so nice, welcoming, and makes my morning every time I see him. And he makes a great cup of coffee! I love that they put a shot of espresso in every iced coffee, it's my go-to morning drink.Euro minus the flash.
Excellent coffee, warm atmosphere, free wi-fi, a cordial host and lots of power outlets for laptops.  Same coffee as Colombe, except you can actually get a seat. If only you were open a wee bit later....I've biked/walked by this place for a long time and never bothered to check it out until recently when I was in dire need for a cup of coffee.  I was pleasantly surprised by the atmosphere.  On top of that, the free wi-fi and good coffee is a huge plus too.  My bench seat was comfortable, but, there are a bunch of tables crammed in.  If you go during a rush time then you might be pressed for space.I have mixed feelings about this place. It's small and adorable, but uncomfortable if you're part of a party larger than two. The wireless wasn't working when I was there, but the pastries and tea were great. I would go there again, but probably only by myself, since it feels a little too cramped to host a long chat with even one friend.If you want starbucks flavors go somewhere else...if you want a personable owner and locally roasted le colombe coffee without the le colombe fuss, then this is the place to be.  The pastries are delicious as are the filling sandwiches.  
Kids are very welcomed by the owner (my daughter calls him Papi Said). There are two rooms. Usually the back room is more quiet for those who wish to study or read.
There is free wi-fi internet now, and I heard that la Citadelle now has permission for outdoor seating (yea!)
Oh: for parents- if you need a diaper changing spot, there is a low bench thing in the bathroom that works if you're careful.It astonishes me as to how culturally insensitive some of these reviews are. If you're looking for a sanitized, generic, hipsterific "coffee shop", look elsewhere. If you want great coffee (La Colombe) at a reasonable price, served by a hard-working immigrant with more character in his pinky finger than your typical beanie-wearing barista has in their entire body, then come here.Reasons I love La Citadelle: 
-Friendly owner, Said. He's nuts but everyone loves him. 
-Friendly staff, Alissa - don't you love being greeted by a smiling face? 
-GREAT coffee. I've had LaColombe many places, but nothing to compares to it here. Just goes to show how preparing coffee takes skill. 
-Fair prices
-Great variety of music
-Neighborhood feel
-Awesome green wall color ;)
-Now that that chairs and tables have been re-organized, I love being in there!i spent 6 hrs here one day doing work.  free- wifi.  great coffee.  very friendly service.  good panini sandwiches.  clean bathroom.  nice frenchie music. 
the owner is so nice!   he brought by a small plate of cherries for me about 4 hours into my session there!  :)  how could i NOT come back??Good news! Just found out that La Citadelle now has wi-fi. I'm going back for sure to get some work done and enjoy the mellow vibe of this cute cafe.I stopped by the other day, hoping to grab a cup of coffee and do a little work. Sadly, they don't have wireless so I had to keep on movin', which was a shame, because the cafe was cute, not crowded and there was some nice reggae music playing. I was thinking about getting something to eat but they didn't have their menu posted (the woman working pulled out a card from behind the counter) so I skipped it. The coffee was pretty good, though, and did the job of tiding me over until I could get home to make a peanut butter and jelly sandwich (while working on my computer). If they ever offer WIFI I'll try it again.Right spot for a quick cup of coffee.  The past two times I've stopped I also snagged a biscotti, which isn't homemade and kinda hard, but tasty nonetheless.
Don't be off-put by the lot of things strewn around the room.  It's called character.  Which you'll also find with owner, Samir (sp?). He'll chat you up, pinch your cheeks (if you're a toddler) and heckle you about not being from around these parts. Which is odd, 'cuz he's got a severe Euro-accent.
Unkempt and unapologetic. It's just coffee and some baked goods, so it's all good with me.First thing you need to know about this place is that the owner is a genuinely nice person who wants to help you, but he's not going to smile and warmly welcome you into his establishment. If you want that, as reasonable as that is, this isn't the place for you. Said will be often gruff and brusk in his responses, and he will say some things that make you wonder how he has regular customers at all, but context and intent is everything. Think rude waitress at the diner who calls you "hon" and has little patience for your gluten-free, non-fat, non-dairy, paleo thing... 
I just saw that it closed and I'm curious as to why. There were always customers in there and the coffee was consistently good and everything well made. About as idiosyncratic a place as exists, and it's sad to see something like that go in a neighborhood being majorly gentrified.
So long, Said! Next time I'll order more quickly...Cute, eclectic coffee shop. While it is "cash only," they do accept LevelUp. Also, they have La Colombe iced coffee, which comes with an espresso shot in the coffee. My only con is that they only had whole milk and half/half on the counter. This is common in small coffee shops. While I did not ask if they had skim milk, I would have preferred it. All in all, I will definitely return if I'm in the area.Here is a bullet list of why I love this place.
1. The coffee is delish
2. The owner is amazing, and is what the owner of a French coffee shop would be portrayed as in a Disney movie. 
3. It is not crowded. 
4. The music is fab. I love French hip hop in the morning on my way to work.
5. (this is probably most important) THERE ARE NO HIPSTERS HERE. It may be the only neighborhood coffee shop where I don't feel like I need calf tattoos and a strange haircut to fit it. 
xoxoxI love Sayyed and his amazing coffee making ways. This is my very favorite place to get coffee. I recently moved to Fairmount area and i miss him and his coffee intensely. I love La Colombe coffee and he makes it just right. Order an iced coffee and he will drop a shot of espresso in there! I love the simplicity of what he offers and the decor of his shop. He is friendly, goofy, and even offensive (his jokes can get colorful, but good). I would love for this gem to relocate to fairmount. I miss it and south Philly.friendly owner. warm heart & kind smile. and comfy furniture.
but the sandwiches were dry. so dry, oh my. all 3 of ours.
and it felt awkward catching up with my college buddies while we were in there alone with him. it was a windy saturday afternoon w/o a cloud in the sky - where was everyone else??
looks like it would work very better as a cozy internet cafe.Not bad.  Prices are decent (except for the $2 for a small tea).  Sandwiches are tasty with good portions.  The music is kinda random (apparently the owner's Pandora playlists).  Wifi signal is a little unpredictable and I had to ask the owner to reset it.Wonderful little coffee shop in this part of center city.  Sadly, many of the smaller shops are getting pushed out by the chain stores but this one has held strong.  The coffee is very reasonably priced (you can get a double espresso for around $2.50) and the owner, even if not the chattiest, recognizes his regulars and treats them well (he very charmingly calls many of the frequent women customers "mademoiselle.")  You will not find  a wide breakfast selection but there are some pastries.  There's also free wifi which is pretty great and plenty of space (there's a small room in the back that most people don't know about).A fabulous neighborhood coffeeshop with delicious coffee, perfectly made lattes and yummy sandwiches.  Owner can be grumpy at times but has a good heart.After my doctor's appointment down the street (and accompanied 12-hour fasting before the appointment), I was desperate for coffee, so I popped in here. Though tiny, the space has a few tables which are great for people-watching. The latte I had was wonderful - it didn't even need sugar! Chocolate croissant was good, but I could have used it warmed up a bit. The owner is lovely (he thanked me in French!) - I overheard him chat with many regulars. If this were in my neighborhood, I would stop in regularly too.I've been here once and haven't been and will not be going back here. I felt pressured by the owner to order ASAP when I wanted to get settled first. I ordered an iced coffee and there was just so much ice and so little coffee too I felt like I could have gotten better and more coffee for how much I've paid for it. When I was ordering the coffee, he looked over to my boyfriend and asked if he was ordering anything- he doesn't drink coffee so he was still looking at the menu at the table and I didn't understand what all the rush was for to make us order the moment we walked in. 
I felt awkward sitting there with no music, the place didn't smell too fresh, and the seating was a little awkward. I was hoping to stay for an hour or two to read but I ended up leaving in less than 5 minutes after getting my drink.I really wish I liked this place better. 
Owner is rude, and it's quite pricey-- and cash only! The panini's are terrible. 
BUT- the plain coffee is really good, ice coffee is nice and strong, and the croissants are good.As a wannabe Francophone, it's such a pleasure to be able to waltz into La Citadelle and spar en français with Sayyed, who's got to be the most affable, funny, and endearing guy-behind-the-counter ever. A kind, heavily accented word for everyone that flits in and out and the occasional cheeky wink the accompanies an always delicious cup of  La Colombe coffee makes each experience here a delight. 
The small space is austere yet immediately inviting without the slightest whiff of pretentiousness. Almost always, it's very calm with lilting music of Sayyed's choice wafting in the atmosphere. It's a pleasure to sit down with a book and a scrumptious, flaky croissant and while away a lazy morning, fancying myself a true française. 
One of my favorite city haunts.i don't know how people can give 1 or 2 stars for this place just because they saw what they believe to be a "hipster" or because Said made you pay $2.50 for tea. If you come prepared with your own cup and just want hot water and a tea bag......then go to the grocery store and buy your own tea bags and microwave some water and viola! starbucks will charge you just as much or more. its just business. & if you don't like hipster's i suggest going to the suburbs. (even though the shop is not riddled with them) Prices are equal to those at other small coffee shops in the city and the coffee is way better then the bitter crap you get at starbucks. There is a back room that I never seemed to notice until recently, even though I worked 3 doors down. 
The feeling i get from the shop is so nice...the music is great and I don't feel uncomfortable just sitting and reading for an hour. The cushions and accessories in the shop all just add to the cute coffee shop feel. If you go, you have to try the panini's. The bread is incredible and the ingredients are fresh and delish.I love this place! Such a friendly atmosphere, the owner Said is very friendly, there is good music and most importantly, great coffee.  The interior isn't anything fancy but the back room is perfect for me when I want to study somewhere. Best neighborhood coffee shop I have yet to find in the Rittenhouse area. Not too crowded, great service, good coffee, comfortable seating, and free wifi.Great little cafe! The owner makes a really delicious cappuccino. While the cafe is small, it feels spacious. The plants add a very cozy touch. I'll definitely be back.La Citadelle remains one of my favorite little coffee shops to study at.
Cons: 
Internet can be spotty.
Yes, the owner ranges from eccentric to rude at times, but I find him charming, and I appreciate an opportunity to practice my French (warning: he may not give you a choice as to whether or not you should practice your French, regardless of the fact that you don't speak a word.)
And yes, he will sometimes listen to Algerian news very loudly while you're trying to study. You're in his world, get over it.
Pros: 
Huge tea selection (giant box you can choose from, but not too fancy shmancy).
The sandwiches are actually really good and a very good bang for your buck. They're on a large baguette.
The back room is usually quite empty and a great spot to study and people watch when your eyes glaze over from studying.
It's just cute. Check it out. Love it.This place was filthy first of all. All the table were not wiped. 
I walked in and took a seat and my friend bought a coffee. I was not going to purchase a coffee until later on during my visit... 
The owner asked me "can i help you?"
 I replied saying not right now... 
He then replied with "well then do not sit in MY coffee shop..."
I've never received such bad customer service with coffee shops...
AND I never write reviews either and THIS time has caught my attention because no owner should everrrr talk to their customers that way.Other reviewers seem to like the owner, but man was he a jerk to me. I brought my own mug in for a cup of tea-nothing fancy, just the bagged tea you can buy in the supermarket. The owner looked at my mug and said, "How many ounces is this?" I said I didnt know, "maybe 16oz?" And then he charged me $2.50, which is $.50 extra, saying my mug was too big to be considered a small!
I was dumbfounded. I wanted to point out that most places give you a *discount* for bringing in your own mug, but he was brusque and rude and just kept repeating the price over and over again. $2.50. $2.50.
It was just about the most unpleasant customer service experience I have ever had in a coffee shop.  Good riddance to La Citadelle.As a graduate student, my favorite places to work are coffee shops. This WAS one of my favorites until I heard him [the owner] yell and curse the young girl working for no apparent reason. We packed our bags and left. I told him that not appropriate in the least. Please don't go!I love this place.  Sayed is super nice and a friendly face to see in the morning on your way to work.  He is one of the reasons I love Philly - lots of small, non-commercial local places with high quality products and lots of character.  The coffee, particularly the iced coffee, is great and the chocolate croissants are amazing.  It's a no frills coffee shop (no double mocachino or cafe coolata available); but the personal touch to each drink is really nice.  I've never had the food, and it might not be ideal for studying, but I love stopping in in the morning on my way to work.  Great Friday treat.The ambiance of this cafe, its patrons and Said puts me in a great mood and ready to face the day 5/7 days of the week, especially on those dreadful Mondays! C'est vraiment géniale!La Citadelle is a cute coffee shop on a corner that is pretty unassuming. When I walked in, I was accosted by a man who was going back into the coffee shop after me which turned out to be the person running the shop. There was only one person in the coffee shop, a student whose iced tea had probably run dry an hour ago as she pored over her biochemistry notes.  I meandered to the counter, looking at the tiling while being affronted by loud turkish(?) music.  The student was unaffected, having her own jams blaring into her eardrums.  I asked for a cappuccino, my standard especially in a new place, and it was made with La Colombe coffee and with La Colombe style, up to the way that he pours the foamed milk.
I didn't expect to be able to use my laptop there, as I don't expect it in any coffee shop in Philly, but there was ample plugs, and a fast wifi.  That was a nice surprise, but for grading homework the loud music kinda messed up my groove.
I think the best part of this place is the outdoor seating because there's a lot of it. If I didn't go there during a heat wave, I'm certain I'd've capitalized on it. I will go back when it's cooler, but it will be to chat with a friend on the street in the outside seating, definitely not just to study or work, the inside is way too loud.  I'm certain that our biochemistry colleague could still hear the nice, but nearly confrontationally blaring music.
The barista was nice in the limited interactions I had, no issue of crazy clientele like La Colombe. Go here over La Colombe if you really want La Colombe coffee.  I'd say it's above La Colombe, but below Cafe Loftus when it comes to La Colombe coffee shops. I can't relate this place to like Elixr, Nook, etc because their beans are just so much better, and they are a different type of coffee shop (more about taste and gourmet coffee, not just convenience coffee).
It's good, but not amazing. I will go again.I would give this place no STARS if it would allow me!!  I had the worst experience ever.  I walked in to get a tea I heard very loud talking and the owner was sitting in the corner.  He was listening to the computer which I thought since I walked in he might turn it down.  No, he kept it on and it was very loud, It was a stand up comedian using profanities, and talking about oral sex.  I was in shock, a man walked in behind me and I said to the owner whatever you are playing over there is very insulting and I would like to think that you have enough respect for not only woman but for a customer that you would turn it off but I am very insulted that you kept it on.  He laughed and said it wasn't harming anyone and he looked at the man behind me and I turned around and looked at him, the owner of the shop assumed he would agree with him and to his shock he did not and told the owner he would never buy a coffee from him and he left, which I should have done but I already had my tea putting milk in it.  He told me the amount and I gave him a card and he said he doesn't take credit cards, (really) then I was looking in my pockets to gather $2 I think it was and he stood waiting for me to find enough, knowing my experience you think he would have told me to take the tea, not that I wanted anything for free but that just shows that man has no respect for anyone.  NEVER again will I step in the door of that place.  I drive by and walk by and I am disgusted every time.  I don't know how he has a business and I actually say that to myself.This is my favorite coffee shop in the city of Philadelphia.
Bright, cheerful, and pleasantly quirky atmosphere...the charming stained glass with a chip out of the one window always gets my attention.  The high ceilings give the interior of the space a cubic feel.  There's also a substantial-sized second room with more seating, in the back, behind the kitchen, also bright and cheerful.  Only small tables, this place is best for hanging out solo or small two- or three-person gatherings.  It has a neighborhood feel, with certain people frequently dropping in and sometimes coming back later in the day.  It's never crowded, and makes a perfect place to relax or hang out for several hours at a time.
Free, fast, reliable wireless / wi-fi.
The owner is super nice.
And I love the music they play in here...eclectic in a global sense; you never know what style or language the next song will be in.
A wide selection of teabag teas (I am a tea drinker, not much for coffee).  I run an interactive tea-review website -- http://ratetea.net/ -- like the "yelp of teas", so I'm always looking for new brands of tea that I haven't tried yet, and this place never ceases to surprise me.  There is always some new tea for me to sample every time I come in.
And the filled croissiants (almond and chocolate) are among the best I've had in the U.S.
And it serves FABULOUS food.  I can't emphasize how friggin' amazing the food is here.  It is really top-notch.  And very reasonably-priced.Horrible and rude!!! I have a medical service dog and I was trying to order a coffee when the man behind the counter told me to leave. I explained that the dog was a service animal, he said he did not care. I reiterated that it was a medical service dog, I have a disability and that by kicking me out he was violation of the ADA. I asked him if he understood that it was against the law for him to kick me out based on my disability, he replied yes and I was told to leave or leave my dog outside. I put one star because it would not allow me to leave it blank.Cozy and hip. The coffee here is great but the space is a bit cramp. It probably would be considered cramp if Three or four people entered the place. Feels family run...that's a big bonus for me!Said is the best.  I go to this coffee shop and force myself to buy things just because he is one of the cutest people ever, I wish I could shrink him and keep him in a shoe box so that on rainy days I can take him out and hear him say cute little things with his heavy French-Algerian accent.  This man ACTUALLY says "Oooh la la" when he sees a cute baby and waves when I walk by when he can't run out like a madman and give air kisses to my child.
On top of all that the place is actually really good.  Said makes hands down the BEST cappuccinnos. His mochas are perfect, like an art form - not too sweet and with real chocolate, not corn syrup overpowering the drink.  He has paninis that he makes fresh every morning (I see him tinkering back there when I go to work - sometimes shirtless in the summer! So cute!) that are way cheaper and better than every place else in center city.  I highly recommend the chicken, his pesto is very peppery and I love it.  His iced coffees are a steal, he actually puts a shot of espresso in them to maintain a strong taste. Shhhh don't tell him other places charge for that shot... they are only $2. and I'm addicted to them almost as much as I am him.
He has outside seating now too.  Great place.  Said should wear a crown...Walked in here on my way home today. Asked if it was possible to a get an ice coffee to go- to which I received a response of "is it possible to get an ice coffee to go? yes! it's a damn coffee shop". Seriously- why so defensive? Having a bad day? I was just trying to be polite. Really no reason to be so rude. Perhaps the food and coffee are good here, other reviewers seem to really like this place, but I don't want to give money to a place that treats their customers so poorly.La Colombe Coffee + Nicest Owner + Bright Green Paint + Free Wi-fi + Indoor and Outdoor Seating + Never too crowded (like other coffee shops in the Rittenhouse area) = One Fab-u-lous Coffee Shop!  
Love this place!  There's always eclectic music playing, but it's never too loud there to do some work, read or have a great conversation with friends.I went two days in a row.  The first day I went, the coffee was good and it was quiet with no music, which was just fine.  UNTIL the owner turned on his laptop and started watching youtube videos at an insanely high volume and laughing at the top of his lungs.  Today when I went in, I wanted to get coffee and a croissant for my mom who is in a physical rehab facility around the corner.  I went in around 9:30 in the morning and asked for two decafs.  He turned around and looked at the pot and said, "I only have one cup."    You can't make another  pot???  It is a COFFEE shop... and it was morning so it wasn't like I asked you for coffee 10 minutes before closing!  I won't go back...I was so pissed over that.This had become one of those places I'd walk by all the time and always think I should stop in. Then one morning I was running late and had to grab breakfast on the run, and found a fresh poppy seed muffin at La Citadelle. Yum! $2, so not an every day habit, but still yum. Came back to try the panini; got the chicken & eggplant, with pesto, tomato and some sort of cheese. Also yum. It was a nice relaxing lunch away from some of the noise and bustle further up 16th st, and the extra seating in the back is a nice surprise to a deceivingly small space.La Citadelle is a cute, simple little place that I recently discovered on 16th and Pine.  I will update after I've tried the cappuccinos. Today I settled for a regular coffee because they don't take credit cards and I only had 3 bucks on me. The coffee was strong and good. They use La Colombe coffee which I've never actually had until going here, and I liked it alot. I will be back!!!Super cute little cafe with one of the best cappucinos in the city. The owner used to be a roaster for la colombe (or so I've been told) and he uses all la colombe products. The difference though lies is his expertise and ability to take his time. If you are looking for a truly phenomenal cappucino (as I sometimes do) take a book, head to La Citadelle and get a cappucino TO STAY. When you are licking the spoon and scraping the cup for the last creamy, frothy morsels you can thank me then. Oh and the owner has the best ability to create smiles in his customers so that's always a welcome addition to a cup of coffee!Green walls, white trim. Window walls. Stained glass. High ceilings. Extra lounge area. Comfy couches. Mismatched furniture. Unpretentious. Quiet. Bright. Bit eclectic. My kind of coffee shop. 
Their sandwiches are delicious, huge, and filling. My new fave place.Stopped by here. So much better than any chain. barista was super friendly. They make an excellent iced coffee. They always include an extra shot of espresso!! The Wi-Fi is free. Password is hanging up in the café. It is like 15 digits long! Lol, #Secure!!Simple decor and never really packed. But don't let that fool you, this place has the best (!) cappuchino in town. I believe the owner makes one of the best coffee in the city, he really knows how to use his machine. Said is from Algeria, so his coffee is like french coffee and this is not for the faint hearted amongst us... The sandwiches are rich, tasty and superfresh (if the bakery delivers the bread on time...). If this is too much for you, go for the chocolate croissant (that looks and tastes like in France...) and their homemade lemonade. That boils down to: If you look for great coffee you will not go wrong. Seriously, you can trust me on this one!Offbeat, chill place in rittenhouse for a well-made cappuccino and delicious pastry on a sunny Sunday morning. Very low key, sunshine streaming thru the windows - great coffee. Nice just hanging and having conversation. The kind of place you only find in the city... yup - I'd do it again...Tres bien!  I love this place because there's always ample seating, free wifi, a simple menu, and of course the sassy barista... PLUS I get to say my drink order in French!  This is a good place to hunker down to do work, hang with friends, or just grab a quick cup of coffee.
Overall, if you're looking for a neighborhood coffe shop, La Citadelle will meet your needs and expectations.  If you're looking for a skinny half-caf caramel macchiato and lemon cake....go to Starbucks.Yes, they serve La Colombe, NO, do they in make it like La Colombe.  Another disappointing lack-of-milk-frothing experience. And it's so cute!  The ambiance is so nice!  That said, the espresso was very good, and of the two milk frothing problems, the underfroth (served here) is always preferable to the over-froth.  Meaning you order a soy latte and receive a soy cafe au lait.  I like cafe au laits, so not a terrible outcome, and my drink was actually pretty tasty, but still not what I ordered.  I'm hoping I went on a bad day.  It also only cost me $2.85!!!  
So in fact, I will probably be back again, despite these inadequacies, because I am, after all, poor.  And I like nice ambiance.  And I still always prefer La Colombe espresso beans over Counter Culture espresso beans (like those served over on ---to look up---).I guess I never head down 16th Street much, because I didn't even realize this place existed 'til yesterday - and I was pleasantly surprised, for sure.
I'm not huge on La Colombe, but the owner sure knows how to make his drinks.  Wow. Perfect cappuccino foam that I could only dream of making.  And the chicken panini I ordered, with mozzarella, roasted red pepper, pesto - YUM.  The panini was perfectly toasted.
I dig the atmosphere, too - big windows, pretty green walls, and comfy chairs.  Plenty of seating between the front and back room.  And the music - a strange but amazing mix of international and jazz tunes.  
Definitely a cute little spot.  No wi-fi, but it was nice to sit down in a cafe the old-fashioned way - with a book!  Imagine that!Went here at 11:30 on a weekday and it was empty.  A couple people came in later, but I couldn't understand why so many other cafes are filled and poor La Citadelle is so lonely!  Perhaps it's because the owner was blasting French music, which made my transcribing pretty difficult, but I was able to forgive him that, because my turkey panino was excellent, as was the coffee, and there was free wi-fi and lots of seating.the coffee is good, the baked goods are blah, a great place to come when you aren't in a hurry!My wife loved this place, until she took me to share the fun. The owner, apparently, is quite fun and makes a killer cappy. However, the owner looked at me and muttered in some crazy grumpy French accent. 
It only took a few times going to this place that the owner loves to talk with women, but really hates men. At least straight men. Seems to be the case with everyone I have talked to whose has been here.I was excited to try this spot in my new neighborhood to caffeinate and get some work done with a friend, but it was pretty disappointing. The drink selection was really small for a coffee shop -- I'm a tea latte person, but all they had were the extreme basics (coffee, cappuccino, coffee latte). 
My cappuccino was slightly worse than average. My friend had a chocolate chip muffin and she thought it was average. The seating area itself is quite small and the chairs uncomfortable, and the owner indeed is quite abrasive, although it seems he means well. Although this is convenient to where I live, I'd rather walk a few extra blocks for better made drinks and a comfier atmosphere.
Remember that (like many small places in Philly, as I'm learning) it's cash only here!Was wandering in this part of town and it was very cold so we walked into the coffee shop to get something to drink before we headed out to the ESP.  While trying to figure out what we wanted to do/drink, the guy behind the counter decided that we were taking too long and was so rude to us.
Almost like he thought we were just in there to avoid the cold and nothing else. So rude that we will definitely not be going there any time soon.1.  great music playing all the time: from arabic dance music, to sinatra, to middle eastern love songs.  
2. best cappuccinos in center city
3. friendly neighborhood spot
4.  sweet sweet owner!Gem of a coffee shop. Quiet, great coffee, great smoothies and well priced for the area.Simple enough review:
The coffee is quite good, the baked goods are also quite good, the I assume owner is very friendly. They don't take credit cards, which is both lame and pretty much the only strike against them. 21st century guys, get with it.Maybe it was an off day for La Citadelle -- it was kinda weird.  The music was way too loud (which I probably wouldn't have minded if it was the French pop Lindsey F. mentioned), the tables were dirty and the guy behind the counter teetered somewhere between not interested and downright cranky.  My latte was okay, but somehow didn't measure up to La Colombe I've had elsewhere and my friend had to add sugar to her hot chocolate.  Oh, and on top of the loud music, the aforementioned cranky-ish counter guy started shaking large batches of silverware in metal pans.  If ti was a hint for some of us to move along, it worked - probably two-thirds of the folks there left.  I want to like this place - maybe I'll have to try again on a weekday morning.I think the reviewers who complain about this place are overreacting just a little. I've been coming here for years and, even after I moved out of the city, it's still my favorite place to go back to whenever I visit Philly.
The cafe is warm and homely. There's lots of light, soft couches to sit on, and the coffee is good. The owner is friendly and kind - and yes, he does have a goofy sense of humor, but from everything i've seen, his teasing comes from genuine good nature and he would be genuinely upset to find out his teasing had offended anyone. It can feel a bit like hanging out in someone's living room, so if you want the sort of place where nobody will acknowledge your existence, this isn't it. But it works for me.I just felt unwelcome in here. I sat down for like 1 second and the owner behind the counter started pestering me about getting something to drink. Like, calm down dude. That's really all I'm commenting on. I brought books to study, but the setup just wasn't ideal for that, so I left shortly. I dunno, it was just awkward in that place with the owner pressuring me to buy stuff, no music, nowhere to sit but right in front of the register so I dipped out quick. Won't find me back in there.Now this is my idea of a great neighborhood coffee shop! Cozy little shop with extra seating in the back, serving up La Colombe coffee. The owner, Sayyed, is the sweetest man I've ever met. I rarely find myself in conservation with strangers, and Sayyed will talk to you like you've been friends for years. Certainly keeps me coming back! Cash only, but they recently launched Level Up so now you can pay with your phone.Nothing special on my first two trips.  Just moved to the neighborhood, and was psyched that I'd be able to get a good cup of coffee less than a block away.  Both times, I've been more than a little let down.
Definitely a decent cup of coffee, but when I went in, there was hardly a bit of food in sight.  Said must have been having some bad days, because I'd best describe him as laconic, bordering on "surly".
I'll probably give them another chance, but only because I live so close.  On the other hand, Cafe L'Aube is just a short hop further, so if Citadelle misses again, it's "au revoir".Just stopped there today to buy two pounds of coffee for a friend who moved to Boston from Philly two years ago.  I walked in and said, "I have an order for coffee all the way from Boston."  Owner demanded to know who it was.  I said, "John D'....."  Huge grin,  "I thought so.  Tell him I said 'hi.'"  That says a lot.  I'll be back...You already know how McThrill is when he stumbles upon a coffeehouse that he hasn't been to yet so I'm not going to go that far into detail this time around. I came by 16th and Pine to scope out Omoi finally. But since it looked more than a little closed I decided to accept here and a cup of hot chocolate as next best compensation. It definitely delivered, and the old dude (owner?) working the counter was a real gent. Throw in the facts that it was very spacious, hooked up art books and copies of the metro to read through, and free wi-fi and it definitely offered one big happy package....
So your probably asking yourself "Why the 3 stars McThrill?" and I'll gladly tell you. The only thing really giving it the Three was the La Colombe name on the coffee that can make so many indie coffeehouses in Philly un-unique. Don't get me wrong I love the coffee, but there's something about the La Colombe houses that doesn't make them stand out as much as a place like say Good Karma Cafe that hooks up the free trade. But whether it's the lack of space in the coffeehouse (Hey Loftus and Philly Java), or it has quirky issues with the service (Hey La Colombe on Rittenhouse), Most La Colombe houses have other things holding them back that La Citadelle didn't have. So while I was sitting there I totally felt that if it didn't utilize the name, and hooked up something like a free trade organic French Roast, than La Citadelle would have been the total package. Fly free little birdie, fly free!