This place had a lovely outdoor atmosphere. My friends and I dined outdoors and had a good meal. We shared the wonton chips very crispy and they came with 3 difference sauces my favorite was the salsa verde. I ordered the birria tacos and they were juicy and very filling to me. The order came with two. My friend ordered the fish tacos and they looked so crispy. I would skip out on the green beans they weren't as tasty and I would have preferred them deveined.Really nice time at la chinesca on Friday. Came for happy hour and ended up staying much longer! Cool vibes, interesting and delicious menu and very tasty margaritas! Will definitely be back!I reached out directly to the restaurant about my experience, but did not hear back. I went out to eat with a friend here earlier this week, and the food was just mediocre. On top of that, I ordered a kombucha and the waitress said "there's alcohol in that." When I asked her if it was the amount that you'd find in a normal kombucha, she then said "yes." I was concerned, so I proceeded to tell her she that the most alcohol I could tolerate is traditional Kombucha and I don't drink other Liquor or beer.  She kept saying it was traditional kombucha. Well, it happened to be hard kombucha, and it's not noted as such on the menu. I only took 3 sips because I could not take the taste but still got very sick after. Furthermore, the food was very mediocre and seemed confused - it did not seem like a true fusion. There are tacos but then fried wontons. To me, fusion is when you're bringing two things together in one dish. There was also mini Mexican street corn and roasted peppers - they didn't seem like a fusion with Chinese cuisine.  Overall, this place just seems like a spot to take photo to post on Instagram. If you want great food, I don't recommend here. I would recommend Taco Riendo for great Mexican and Chinatown for good Chinese food.This spot is create for friends to meet up, a date, or a quick bite and drink. I was here with a friend during happy hour and everything was good. I ordered their aqua fresca and chicharrones, which are highly addictive. Bet you can't just eat one 
The other pain point were the portions and cost. I felt the portions were on the smaller side for both the food and drinks. If you're really hungry, I wouldn't recommend going here. Still a good place to try!Showed up and the restaurant was closed despite them taking my reservation on the app Resy and Yelp saying that they would be open now. We drove half an hour to get here and had planned a celebration for my brother that was ruined because of this. If hours are changed it would be good to change the information on the apps that have your information so as to not inconvenience people who want to try your restaurantThis place is dope! The atmosphere is vibin'. The drink menu is on point. The food is delicious, interesting, and unlike anything else I've had in Philadelphia. 
The squid caesar salad was light and refreshing and perfect for a hot evening. Very garlicky and citrusy with briny chunks of squid. The birria tacos were also delicious and a must try item! 
My only complaint is that the helpings could have been a bit bigger. 
Go here soon. Once the word gets out, you won't be able to get a table.I normally wouldn't give a bad review, but this was one of my biggest misses in terms of quality and flavor of food, and I'm extremely confused by the other reviews that have positive things to say about the food. We got four items: shrimp tostada, fish tacos, wontons, and baby corn. Every single one of them tasted off to us- the tostada was totally overwhelmed by bland refried black beans with basically no other flavor, I didn't taste the fish tacos but my partner said they were extremely salty. The wontons were... I mean, they were fried wontons, I'm not complaining about the concept, but the salsas they were served with all had off flavors and very minimal spice, and... last but not least... the baby corn. Why, just... why. Nothing about those flavors made any sense, it was extremely salty and was not at all palatable. And all together with a Topo Chico it cost $87 (That's including tip, but still) Just... save yourself the trouble, unless you are just going to hang out and drink there and don't care about the food. Would maybe be less noticeable if we were drunk. For context, I can't remember the last time I didn't like any of the food items I ordered at a restaurant, if ever. This is a restaurant that exists to be instagramable and sell drinks - if you are looking for good food or even in the ballpark of a reasonable price for the quality, look elsewhere. 
Good things were the drink I got (grapefruit and smoked sea salt) and the server and host staff were very friendly, helpful and doing an excellent job. Back of House also did an excellent job - food came out quickly and seemed to be executed as designed. Big thumbs ups to the folks working here, but the concept and menu really needs some work.If you are hungry, this is not the place for you. If you want a decent dinner, this is not the place for you. Portions are small and overpriced. Menu options are limited. The decor is nice and drinks are good. But that's it. If you want authentic food and food, this is not the right place.This was my 2nd time here and it continues to impress me. Diante the hostess was very welcoming. Collin my server gave great suggestions on what to share/order. This is brand new and has an amazing concept. Chinese/Mexican cuisine; what more could you want? The customer service is impeccable. To top it off the food itself is outstanding. This place is going to continue to crush it. It's a vibe and love the music.Great looking place. I counted 15 staff members running around and somehow it took forever for drinks, which were mediocre at best. The food is forgettable and we ordered at least 12 items. Nothing has any spice or lime and most of it is pretty lame. All sounds great and seems to be quality ingredients looks nice but that's where it ends. Oh well. Haven't been out in a while and this will make me reconsider. Assuming there are a lot of issues at play here but it's not like it was free.I came here with two of my siblings last weekend and everything was wonderful! Such delicious wonton chips and tacos, honestly nothing disappointed! The flan was absolutely to DIE for and the churros so crispy and good! Service was lovely; it was a cloudier night so I was worried about rain, but was wonderfully accommodated under an umbrella with a very welcoming and informative server. In all 11/10Wonton crisp $8 - very crispy. Not too oily 
Five spice chicken wings $14 - big wings! Really enjoyed the dry rub
Beer battered fish tacos (2) $14 - good size fish!Was looking forward to trying La Chinesca and it didn't disappoint.  Super hip outdoor space with friendly, attentive staff and a bevy of cocktail choices.  The food was excellent and those dreamy birria tacos are a must try.   Will definitely return!Rating La Chinesca 4 stars, but would probably go 3.5 if possible. I'll round up because staff friendliness goes a long way these days.
Positives:
- decor
- staff
- location
- featured neighborhood beers on draft
- menu creativity
Negatives
- mixed drinks
- food execution (not everything)
First impression- very cool spot. I'm also all for improving a new neighborhood. Second impression- staff was friendly, and this remained consistent. Much more to be desired from the mixed drinks considering it comes across as a place that would feature drinks. Margaritas were in all honesty, a glass of ice with maybe 3-5 sips of actual drink. Also, flavor was very blend. Had 2 different cocktails, the traditional margarita with mezcal, and the gas guzzler. The second was better, but since I asked for less ice it was half full and same 3-5 sips. I switched to their draft list next to be on the safe side, which I was very impressed with as they featured mostly neighborhood craft brews. Big fan of this. Food actually started out good. Had the Cheluce salad and shrimp egg roll. Both very good, probably 7-8/10. (Philly is a foodie city so the scale is tough). The salad was refreshing and overall good flavor. The egg roll was something I'd get again. Next came the fish tacos. I am a huge fish tacos fan, and because of this have had my fair share. I rink they could be good, but something was off as they were extremely salty. This over powered all the other flavors in the taco. This also may have over powered my 'food' review. Next were the birria tacos. At least the ending was good. These were well executed-- good flavor, neat was cooked well, and tacos were stuffed appropriately. 
Overall, I'd be back to give it another try. The place is new, so even though they are established with well know restaurants in the city, I would assume they will continue to work on their product. Mixed drinks need the most work (less ice, not less drink!). Especially margaritas, this should be a staple at a place like this and maybe some more creativity in the margs as well. Please reduce the salt in the fish tacos as well, but good job on the birria tacos and the egg roll. Could probably use a little more creativity in menu all around, although selection was decent. Free chips and salsa for the table would be nice too. Great job on seeing the vibe and decorating, this was well done. The friendliness of the staff will bring me back, and hopefully the next time the food and drinks will take on that role.Would definitely come back for the vibes and drinks, but would hold out on food. Everything was okay, just kept waiting for that wow factor with each dish. They have drink happy hours everyday but Saturday!Food was ok, minus the birria tacos - they were amazing! I went with my partner and we got the chicharrones, which was more like pork rinds and not at all what I was expecting. We also got the shrimp egg roll and it was okay. The drink menu was okay as well. I like the decor, as well.Went here with my legal partner in crime recently, did we enjoy the ambience? Yes.. Did we enjoy the food? Yes..but the food can and will improve in due time. Did we enjoy the drinks? Yes..go easy on the ICE hombre. They are very new and I believe with trial and error they will eventually become a philly landmark.Love the new spot in town! They have a small menu but everything we got was delicious! We got the peppers, baby corn elote, mushroom tacos and fish tacos. The food literally came out in minutes after we placed the order. The vibes and decor were nice! And our server was super attentive! I want to come back and try the rest of the food on the menu! Great mix of fusion food and very interesting concept!I rarely write reviews, but they have so much potential so I'd like to share. I was super excited to try this place. The location, decor and staff are all amazing. As is, it would be a fun place to bring friends for a drink and maybe a quick snack. 
I came here hungry and was excited to load up on tapas, but unfortunately was disappointed by the food. The portions are small, which was explained by our very nice server and was fine with us. No issues when food started to come out, other than I wish there was more salsa served with the wonton chips.
We ordered the chips, mushroom tacos, fried peppers, salad, broad bean and snapper crudo. We gradually ordered all of that as the night went on, hoping we would hit on a dish we really liked. The mushroom tacos were fine, but everything else felt like it was missing something and was a little bland. 
I hope it was just an off night in the kitchen, because I really want to like this place! I'll try to come back in a few months to see if they switch it up/work out any kinks. The outdoor space looks like a great time and the service was excellent.I was so excited for this place to finally open! The layout is clutch. The design is everything. It is an Instagramers dream.  The neon lights welcome you, and the layout provides such a cool vibe that anytime you go, it is a good time.
We went for happy hour and the drink prices were ok. There were no food options for happy hour, but that is ok. I ordered the watermelon marg and it was so fresh. It tasted like they cut the watermelon right away and poured it into my glass. 
We randomly asked our waitress what to order and surprisingly the Cesar salad was amazing. The fried calamari was perfect. 
I will say we got the shrimp egg rolls and the baby corn, which weren't amazing. 
The Quesa Birria Taco with the dipping sauce was a heavenly experience. 
All in all, it is a fun place to go, I would not run back to it, but I also would never say no on returning.The ambiance and vibe stood out the most and I will come back again just for that. The decor, music, and theme was so unique and fun. My friends and I came here for happy hour and had a pretty good experience. I ordered the spiked agua Fresca, which was very refreshing and light. We all shared the fried wonton chips which were addicting. The three salsas all tasted great and it was a fun app. Nothing mind blowing but it was a unique twist to the traditional tortilla chips and salsa. I ordered the shrimp and black bean tostada, which all my friends agreed was the best thing on the table. Filling, fresh and delicious. The beer battered fish taco was good, but very fried. The mushroom taco was also good, but extremely greasy and left massive residue of straight grease. Get the black sesame flan! Not too sweet and very addicting! 
Two things I didn't love. No food on the happy hour menu. The waitress told us the happy hour special, which were wings for $14. Sounded more like special of the day because that does not sound like happy hour prices. At least lower the price for the wonton chips during happy hour. Only other thing was this restaurant was supposed to be Mexican/Chinese inspired. Not much Asian influences. Not sure how any of the tacos had Asian influences. I thought the flavors would be more of a fusion, but it's more of a fusion of concepts.
Again, the music and vibes were everything. I would come back here again!The vibe and decor is fab and service is great, but limited menu is packed with heavy fried items. Hey, I like a good french fry or some other crispy thing, but why deep fry a tortilla for a taco? Tacos are delicious on their own. You don't need to dunk them in fat. 
I had the mushroom tacos and for some reason they came with slivered almonds. I often like weird combos, but this one didn't work. The black bean tostado was good and ingredients are fresh and high-quality, but too much fried food on a limited menu was a problem. I'll skip it next time.La Chinesca was an amazingly creative and delicious fusion between Mexican and Chinese food - two delicious cuisines inspiring the other. The ambiance was also very fun and vibrant, and the staff friendly. Drinks were fresh, flavorful, and delicious!
At this shared-plate family style restaurant, we enjoyed the Fried Wonton chips with 3 different salsas (that we wished were sold in bottles), along with the shrimp tostada (super fresh), and the Crudo (unpictured) for our first course. I didn't love the Crudo, but we were told that some menu items were new, so maybe they're still figuring that one out. 
Second course was phenomenal with the most crispy Fish taco I've ever had, the delicious and savory duck egg roll (paired with duck sauce that we were dunking our fingers into), and the fried peppers. My one knock here is that the peppers I would have enjoyed as more of a side dish than a whole shared plate. 
Dessert we had flan, but not the kind of flan you're thinking! This was a super decadent, chocolate cake style flan! So yummy!
Get to La Chinesca as quick as possible, I can't wait to go back myself.I finally got a chance to visit this place and loved it. They offer some nice happy hour specials for drinks and food from 5-7 pm. I ordered one of my favs a City Wide that comes with a beer and a shot of tequila if u didn't know. For food my friend and I spilt their wings that came with duck sauce and mustard for dipping and also the quesabirria tacos which I both recommend!Went for a birthday and the service was great! The food was decent, but I would say nothing special. We had the chicharrones (my favorite), Lo mein (a bit too salty), octopus tostada, and quesabirria tacos (the staple of this place). Honestly the food is pretty good, but for the portions and the price- It wasn't my favorite placeThis spot is awesome! Its like eating in a hip car repair garage( the theme of the place). The asian/calimex menu is fabulous and the drink menu is equally as good. The squid salad is bomb as is the wonton chips with salsa. The service is also wonderful and the staff there is very friendly.New restaurant in the area was a bit of a disappointment. The decorations are definitely a cool vibe with a 80s diner-esque feel, but the food was definitely not the best. I got the wonton chips with salsa, Chinese broad bean and the fish tacos. Everything was very salty - and I think if it were less saltier then I would have enjoyed the food more. If I were to come here again, I would only get the fish tacos. I definitely do not recommend the broad beans, they're massive/too crunchy/feels undercooked. I know they're new so they're probably working out some kinks.What can I say, this place is incredible! The vibe is on point, food is amazing and the staff is professional and friendly. My husband and I went for dinner and loved it so much that we moved over to the bar and stayed for drinks afterward. Everything about this place is done right...from the awesome view on the back patio to the beautiful bar to the food and the lighting, honestly i'm so looking forward to coming back soon! It's so great to see really cool spots opening up in philly. Total home run!I had been so excited to finally see this place open, but I will admit that my experience dining here was a bit of a let down. My partner and I went there last night when they ran out of tacos as well some other items that were on the menu. That was very disappointing. The food that we had was decent but we never got to order what we actually wanted. To order tacos at restaurant where half the  menu are tacos only to have your server tell you they ran out of tacos was unfortunate. Maybe we'll give them grace because they were new. (I'm trying to convince my partner to give them another chance rather.) So if there will be a next time, please don't run out of tacos!We were excited to try out La Chinesca, one of several new restaurants revitalizing the Spring Garden area. We got the baby corn elotes and fried peppers as appetizers and the beef birria tacos and fish tacos. All tasted great, and we even got another round of the beef birria tacos. Our waitress was very attentive and the decor of the restaurant is very nice; there are several tables outside including two larger patio-style spaces for larger groups. We look forward to returning again, especially when Union Transfer reopens for shows.Let me just say, we moved to Philly from Austin, TX and dining here was just like taking a two step back in time! Awesome spot! Super helpful staff, knowledgeable, the green salsa is to die for, loved the black bean tostada & green beans. And honestly, everything else! Will be back, definitely check them out!My partner and I just left here and absolutely loved it! The drinks were so well done and the food was fantastic! I got their version of a paloma and a margarita while my partner got the agua fresca with gin and it did not disappoint. We both said that it was one of the most well made margaritas in the city. La Chinesca is a tapas style restaurant so we split the shrimp tostada, the fish tacos, the smashed radishes, and the shrimp egg roll. We werent huge fans of the radishes but everything else was really good! The fish tacos and shrimp tostada were our favorites! I 100% recommend! Lastly, we tried the churros. Not our favorites but I'm sure theres someone out there who would like them. All in all, the service (I believe our servers name is Christine), the food, drinks, music, and decor were amazing! Im so happy we got in opening weekend and cant wait to come back!Came to La Chinesca with a few friends for dinner to celebrate a birthday. It just so happened to also be our server's birthday so we all celebrated together! The atmosphere and cheery attitudes of the staff were enough alone to ensure an enjoyable evening, but the drinks and food certainly sealed the deal. 
Food came out very quickly and most of the dishes can be treated like a tapas-style meal. I ordered the steak tacos without onions and the kitchen was more than happy to acquiesce to my request. La Chinesca should be on everyone's Philly Must-Visit lists!So I think that this a cool idea. I love the fact that they took an old gas station and an eyesore and made it a real destination. I believe right now they even have a set up for dia de lost muertos. An ofrenda and everything. I will be checking it out. 
So the atmosphere is really cool. The place is really tight on the inside though. So that's a little tough. We ordered the wonton chips, shrimp and black bean tostada and the quesabirria tacos. 
everything came out in good timing. My mother and i split the meal. the tacos were pretty greasy. The chips were ok. But the real winner here was the shrimp and black bean tostada. Honestly i didn't think i would like it but i was curious. And man that is the winner. I'm still thinking about that thing. I will go back and it will be for that. 
Also fun fact, its dog friendly as they have the front patio and there were tons of adorable pups.Old jiffy lube converted into an awesome Cali-mex fusion restaurant with toy story pizza planet vibes. Outside seating is awesome and basement seating has a nice speakeasy vibe. 
Food was delicious and drinks were solid all around. Tecate and tequila city wide is the move. Take advantage of HH if you can!Everything was tasty!! They're a tapas place so my friend and I ordered several small plates and were satisfied. The birria tacos stuffed with beef and cheese were perfect for my friend and I to share (2 in an order). I loved the tuna tostado! Was pleased to get a nice portion (plate full) of little carrots. The diced potatoes on the octopus tostado was an interesting choice, but I guess it worked. The tamarind cocktail could have packed more flavor imo. Order the classic margarita! It was fresh and made perfectly.How many times can you say that you had dinner and a renovated Jiffy Lube? Because for me this will probably be my only time. I love how this restaurant is a fusion of Mexican and Chinese food. It's an interesting take, but it's very well done! And to continue to add to the fun they have try to maintain some of the aesthetics from the former mechanic business that stood there prior. These are the type of niche restaurants that you not only enjoy for yourself but you bring guests to enjoy! Definitely a star of the city.Beautifully executed food with a fascinating and flavorful mix of Mexican and Chinese cuisine. Great atmosphere with fun and funny servers. The cocktails were tasteful and many with a kick. Would recommend the egg roll, birria tacos, and crudités.Great place to hang out with friends, pretty sure it was an old jiffy lube, reimagined, it has a lot of open spaces including 2 big back patios, a front patio and an indoor area. The menu is small but pretty impressive. This is not a Chinese Mexican fusion restaurant, just a a place that serves both Chinese food and Mexican food. We ordered a bunch of things, the salad had a nice kick to it, the dry spiced wings were not on the menu, but after asking, we were told that they were a part of Happy Hour menu, needless to say they were my personal favourite ! 
The portions are perfectly sized and service is attentive. 
Beautiful addition to spring garden !Wow! This was one of the most unique and amazing food combinations I have ever had (Mexican street food and Chinese). First this place has the coolest laid back, fun outdoor picnic vibe. It's has an awesome indoor and two outdoor areas that are full of lights, blankets and colors. We tried pretty much everything and it was all unbelievable. I loved the crudo, the chips and dip, the mushroom taco was insane, the calamari salad. Everything was amazingly flavorful, savory and unique. In addition the margaritas were fantastic! I loved the watermelon one, easily can do 5 of them (unfortunately they are not doing margarita pitchers right now). Also in the future there will be a speakeasy downstairs! This is definitely a must to check out in Philly with friends! Highly highly recommend !What a great new spot on Spring Garden! It felt like a little oasis, tucked into an old Jiffy Lube. If you didn't know it was in Philly, you would think you were in California.
The wait staff was wonderful, very attentive and patient. They will explain all the menu items and give suggestions for drinks. I had a tequila watermelon that was incredibly refreshing.
The food is tapas style so you can try lots of things easily. Highlight for me was the fish tacos. The beer batter was light and flavorful and the fish was flaky and cooked perfectly. We also enjoyed the bean curd- probably the most interesting thing I've had in awhile. They didn't have a ton of desserts to choose from but that wasn't an issue for us. 
Overall a fun, creative new spot that I will be returning to soon!Don't come hungry!
The place is cute, I'm not gonna lie. I see why people like this place, there's a vibe and the outdoor seating is cute if the weather is nice but seriously don't come hungry unless you want to order the whole menu. Me and 3 of my friends went on a Thursday evening for a 7:15 reservation. I was really excited to try this place and I thought I was going to be obsessed, instead I left unimpressed.  
Fried Wonton chips $8 - the wonton chips were great but who doesn't like fried anything? The 3 salsa or what they call salsa was just that. Where's the flavor? 
Duck Egg Roll $9 - Don't waste your money. Where's the duck? $9 for 1 egg roll ???!!! Not worth it. I know we are experiencing surging prices but seriously? $1.50 veggie or pork egg roll  at any corner Chinese restaurant beats this overpriced fried mess! 
Octopus Tostado $14- it was alright but we were hungry so we ate it. It really lacked flavor. Decent amount of octopus on it. 
Lo Mein $15 add chicken + $4 =$19 It wasn't bad but I wasn't great and for that price, it was not worth it. The added chicken was the best part, nicely seasoned, tender with a crunch. The sesame oil was over powering leaving an after taste. 
Marinated Skirt Steak $22 - soy ginger marinated? More like soy sauce marinated, it was missing something. Again, nothing to celebrate about. It just does not live up to what you are paying. Make your own at home with Kikkoman soy sauce, it would more than likely taste better. It was cooked medium and tender so we give it that. It came with a bowl of over cooked white rice. I know my rice and this was over cooked that the grain exploded on its way to becoming a rice pop. 
Quesabirria Tacos $17 - we cancelled this order. It took too long, the rain was starting and we were sitting outside. Cancelling was probably the best decision we made! 
Drinks
We ordered 3 margaritas and 1 mezcal margarita, for $11 a pop, again, not worth it. 
Overall, you don't really get Mexican flavors, I feel like the Asian taste despite lack of flavors overall comes through more. I see their concept but the flavors did not fully transfer into the food. 
Again, it's not about the price but for these prices you should be getting something worth the money. All we left with was a pricey bill for a meager amount of food that had you questioning your choices in life. 
It wasn't the servers fault, she was fine and we left 20% tip but I think she knew we weren't impressed with the food. We literally went back to my friend's house and threw popcorn shrimp in the air fryer and made cocktails to forget about wasting our money and time.Cute place, good service, ok drinks and food. We tried a few plates and nothing stood out. Would be back to have a quick drink and leave it at that.Service: 5/5
Atmosphere: 5/5
Food: 3/5
Price for value: 3/5
Overall: 4.0 (16/20)
We ordered an array of tacos, fish, shrimp, and vegetarian(mushroom) as well as the wonton chips for an appetizer. Overall great time, service people were nice, hip, and very responsive. The fusion flavor doesn't quite hit the mark and the vege tacos were on the greasier side. Had the black tea flan for dessert which tasted decent, but felt more store bought. The happy hour prices are a bit high, and don't quite justify the amount served, but the atmosphere makes up for it. 
Would return.An Chinese/Mexican fusion place. The bartender, Mazy really made the experience worth it for me. I loved her personality and banter. I like that they have an allergy menu for those of us with restricted diets. I also like their happy hour. BUT I wish their signatures drinks were more expansive and they served pots of tea. I liked the food but felt like they could had been more creative and braver with the menu.I've been wanting to try this new spot in town and managed to get a table quickly on a late Wednesday night.  As previously mentioned, the decor was fun, colorful, and retro.  The service was very fast, albeit it was late and not busy when we were there.
Onto the food: portions are pretty small, but very flavorful and unique.  We got the fried wonton chips, corn esquites, fish tacos, and birra tacos.
The fried wonton chips were fine, a fun snack to share, dips were tasty, I wasn't expecting much from them.  We didn't have the baby corn with our esquites, (not sure if they ran out?) but when combined with the sauce that was coated on the side of the bowl, they were very tasty and has a little Asian flair.  The fish tacos were cooked TO perfection.  I'm personally not the biggest fan of the smoky chipotle taste, but the way the fish itself was crispy, light, and fried, was perfect. I've eaten a lot of fish tacos and these were probably one of the best.  The birra tacos need to be dipped in the sauce to get the full flavor, and we're pretty tasty as well.
I can't drink, but my husband had a few cocktails and enjoyed them.
All in all, I had an enjoyable experience.  I'm not sure this would be my regular go-to-taco place, but I felt a lot of the flavors were very special, and it's definitely worth a try!tl;dr expect an exciting atmosphere, an approachable menu of tapas-style fare, and premium prices
There was no shortage of hype preceding La Chinesca's arrival to Philly. And at night, you can't miss the red neon sign illuminating the corner of Spring Garden and 11th. Vibes at the restaurant are just as popping as the lights. The spacious front patio features picnic bench-style seating, ideal for warm evenings. The industrial indoor space hosts plenty of small tables, streetlight-style lighting fixtures, and a wide bar. The back room is crafted from 2 repurposed shipping containers behind the original Jiffy Lube structure. Music and chatter echo moderately loudly against the metal walls. Mood lighting accentuates the knickknacks around the restaurant, each paying homage to the automotive industry.
My partner and I arrived at the tail end of Friday Happy Hour, and the indoor space was full. To our surprise, the HH menu consisted of only a handful of drink options and no food specials. We quickly ordered 2 cocktails, the Spark Plug and the Spiked Agua Fresca, before perusing the food menu.
We decided on the Fried Wonton Chips, the Salt & Pepper Squid Caesar, the Scallion Pancakes (a nightly special), and the Quesabirria Tacos. Our tiny table was quickly decked by the former 3 dishes. The chip platter was piled with a mountain of wonton chips. The chips themselves were nicely salted and flavorful on their own, decidedly better than standard corn chips. Further, they sturdily held up well to the dips. Of the salsa, we most enjoyed the light and fresh salsa verde, and the autumnal pumpkin and sesame salsa. The Caesar salad was comprised of standard romaine lettuce and a stingy portion of squid. However, the dressing was robustly salty and savory, better even than most premium Caesar dressings. The scallion pancake platter hosted 3 CD-sized cakes, each topped with a healthy dollop of pickled veggies. The thin, single-layered pancakes ended up dry without a dedicated dipping sauce on the side. Some time after we finished our first dishes, our piping hot, clearly cooked-to-order tacos were brought out. Each taco was hefty and generously stuffed with slightly overcooked braised beef and a layer of melty chihuahua cheese. The tortilla shell was slightly limp, exacerbated when dipping it into the flavorful, umami consomme. To round out our meal, we were surprised by an order of Churros on the house! The dessert plate was large overall, with 5 medium-sized pieces, each crisp and doused in cinnamon sugar. Alone, the churros were somewhat bland, but that was quickly fixed by the thick, silky dark chocolate-mezcal sauce.
Throughout our meal, the service was quick and helpful. Overall, dishes felt glaringly safe -- either Mexican or Chinese cuisine, rather than committing fully to fusion. Our $82 bill (after tax and tip) felt ~$5 overpriced per person. In particular, the drinks seemed overpriced, even after the HH special, for relatively standard quality and quantity. Nonetheless, La Chinesca proved to be an enjoyable outing as a whole -- but expect to pay a premium for the entire experience.So excited to have a new spot in the neighborhood! La Chinesca mixes Mexican and Chinese cuisine together with small plates that pack a huge punch. The decor is super fun and the outdoor seating is so comfortable. If you can, request one of the outdoor lounge areas. Sitting on a couch outside eating tacos while vaccinated is a PLEASURE.
We were a group of 3 and ordered a variety of dishes. The wonton chips came with three different salsas that were each surprising in their own way. My favorite was the salsa made of sesame and pumpkin seeds. We took the option to order more wonton chips to make the most of the salsas. The chicharrones were heavily seasoned and really pack a punch in terms of heat! They come with a spiced Mayo that was complex in flavor. The baby corn elote was so fun, the corn tasted fresh and sweet and the black bean Mayo was craveable. 
For entrees, I ordered the fish taco. The fish was perfectly crispy and basically fell apart with how flaky the flesh was. My friends said it was the best fish tacos they've had in the city. My friend also ordered the birria tacos with the consomme. It was his first time having birria and he really enjoyed it. I did not taste it but they looked pretty traditional vs the other plates that we had which had a twist.
My friends also had cocktails and enjoyed them! Enough to order four rounds! 
I would definitely come back to this place. The food is simple and approachable but thoughtful and super flavorful. The service was very friendly, the ambience is great. Good vibes overall! Looking forward to them expanding the menu so I can try more things!I was a little underwhelmed which is upsetting because I was so excited to try this place. We started with the wonton chips which were amazing, but we needed 2 orders to satisfy the three of us (there is a small up charge for more chips). I got the Spiked Champurrado for my drink and it was way too strong and really not good at all. For our app, we got the Tuna Ceviche which was extremely small for $17, so my two friends decided to split that between the 2 of them. It was good but very overpriced. For our entrees we got the Birria Tacos and Mushroom Tacos. Both were good, but I was looking for that wow factor with the Birria Tacos. To end the meal, we got the Churros which were very yummy but I wasn't a fan of the chocolate sauce that went with it. Overall, I like the vibe of La Chinesca--the service was amazing and the food was good in some aspects. However for how much they charge and how little you get, it wasn't really worth it and I still left hungry.Underwhelming. I had really high hopes for this restaurant given how I've seen this restaurant on various social platforms. The decor and vibe is cute and sweet, but the food was very underwhelming. I could've made it myself! The fried wonton chips are standard and forgettable. The fish tacos were forgettable as well. The fish was and fried and well cooked though. Both of these items were recommended by the waitress who said these are popular menu items; however, I would not recommend these dishes nor this restaurant. If you're looking for good food, this is not it.Great ambiance, definitely memorable in the Philly food scene. I'd recommend the hot peppers, Chinese long beans, and either the quesabirria or fish tacos depending on what you're feeling. Good drink selection and creative cocktails. The timing of food that came out was a little bit off but hopefully that just keeps improving the longer they stay in business.