Go here for the tacos.
When we first moved to Philly from San Francisco we went in for a burrito - we didn't go back for a year.  Not so good.
But when we came back from a month in Mexico (mostly D.F.) we went in for tacos...they are amazing.
I think it is mostly about the tortillas - they have to be made in house.  They are like crack, but less illegal.  
Go there...now..it is a far superior option than the neighboring "meat-product" and "cheese-product" producing neighbors.Totally love this place.  
When I go, I get an assortment of tacos and a tamale.  The tacos are a nice portion in each - do not be afraid of the lengua (cows tongue).  It is slow cooked - has a sort of beefy, grassy and hint of livery taste and it's wonderful. 
The other platters I've had had there are up to par and tasty.  The burritos are like little cinder blocks of goodness.  
A really good place on the way cheap.
I always want to nap afterward.  Good stuff.
Oh, and their shakes are made fresh to order and are made with absolute fresh ingredients for $3 bucks.  Beat that sh!t.My friends told me about this place and I had high expectations. There wasn't anyone else in the restaurant and the lady forgot half of our order. The steak in the burritos was cut into such tiny pieces. I don't know how you can cut meat that small. Not only that, but it was overcooked. The salsa that they give you is watery and bland. Not worth it.I've had some great things here. The sopes were good, but get real 3 for 11. I had a plate of chicken tinga and rice and beans for 5 bills..good till i threw it up everywhere. It was pretty weak looking back. My girl and my boys have had some burritos and said they liked them with high praise. I ate there a few times this winter.. Cold as it was outside, it was just as cold inside. That's always nice especially when your tipping to eat there.. The service was average. I had a bug land on my head when i was eating one time.. No lie. That was a setback and pretty much tainted my opinion.Believe the hype! This place rocks the dress off a normally prude Amish woman. Trust me, I've seen it. Twice.
Chorizo tacos. Holy shit. Mad good.  The pork here is fuckin money too.
I'm sayin it. Best Authentico Mexican Food in philly.La Lupe is what I think about all week.  I look forward to their Taco Tuesday $1.50 Special and absolutely recommend the Tongue, Chorizo, Cheese, and Salted Beef Tacos.  For a dollar, they will deliver the tacos to your home with great salsa, limes, radishes, and a smile.  It's a little hard to order over the phone as their English isn't the best, but hey, it adds to the authenticity of the eating experience.  Visiting La Lupe is also a pleasure.  If they're not too busy, the waitstaff will hang out and joke with you and your friends, and, oh yeah, it's BYOB.  LOVE!La Lupe is my favorite mexican place in Philly. I used to live about a block away so I went there frequently.
The tacos, nachos and plantains are great (this is what I get every single time so I'm not sure about other menu items). The food is really great. Service can be a little slow at times, but they're friendly so I don't mind.La Lupe is located on 9th and Federal, across from J+J Pizza and on the same block as O Sandwiches and Geno's Steaks. It is also my favorite Mexican restaurant! You can sit inside or outside. On a nice day, they have the windows out. If you sit outside, you might have to deal with the Geno's crowd, who may extend their seating to La Lupe's. 
LOVED the La Lupe sandwich and chorizo burrito. The pina colada was also really creamy. The tacos looked pretty standard among all the Mexican restaurants that I've been to around the area, but I haven't heard any complaints about them. At this point I'm sick of eating Mexican food so I'm searching for NON-Mexican fare in the Italian Market. But if I HAD to eat Mexican, I'd look forward to La Lupe.
Parking is street and I've never had a problem finding a spot in the area. I think they take credit as well but I'm not too sure. They have restrooms but I've never used them. The service is adequate.Mexican food in Philly sucks it big. But I got to give some props to La Lupe. They have a great variety and I wish all the workers there were my best friends. While I recommend this place way before other mexican restaurants, some of their dishes are a tad over priced. AND, I ate a tamale that gave me food poisoning. It was as if my best friend stabbed me in the back! I will go back there again, but it's going to take a little while to get over barfing up beans and rice before I can.$1.50 Taco Tuesday = Perfect for a baller on a budget. Beyond that it's a miss. The service is mediocre, the ingredients in most everything (except for the tacos) are paltry and the context is overwhelmed by insultingly green paint, sombreros and seemingly plastic everything. Though it's not a bad place to BYO it up and sit outside on a summer's afternoon while scarfing down chorizo tacos.Right next to Pat's and Geno's this authentic Mexican restaurant can easily be missed.  Next time skip the greasy cheese steak and check it out!  Even at 11pm the food was fresh and proved to be the perfect late night snack.  You can get take out guacamole in a cup which is great for dipping while walking through the moonlit Philly streets.  
I only got a little taste of La Lupe, but I will definitely be going back for more!$1.00 tacos and byob on Tuesdays? Yes please! These are the most authentic tacos I've had in Philadelphia. Feels like I'm right back in Mexico!Normally I'd bitch about trekking all the way up Passyunk and avoiding the crowd of bros and tourists and bro tourists out for their life-shortening fill of grease and meat at Pat's and the abominable Geno's. But at the end of my quest, there's La Lupe, and that makes it all better.
All hyperbole aside, they have some awesome food. Not the best Mexican food I've ever had, but still very good. I gave them an extra star for Taco Tuesday, because the way to get into my heart is a) tacos and b) frugality. They have a pretty respectable selection of vegetarian options that don't heavily rely on cheese, though I could easily nom a truckload of their queso tacos. They're usually generous with the guacamole, which is awesome, though I prefer my guac to be a little chunkier. I can expect to roll in with $10 and roll out completely stuffed and considering taking a taxi instead of walking the mile home.Note:  the service here is pretty bad - but get over it. The food is pretty killer and its BYOB.
Absolutely MUST TRY the La Lupe Torta - this thing was off the hook.
Tacos are great, especially for Taco Tuesday. Bring your favorite bottle and enjoy the outdoor seating when the weather is nice.The chips and salsa were tasty, though it was irritating trying to get the salsa out of what appeared to be maple syrup containers. The horchata was pretty tasty, full of cinnamon and sugar. I tried the chorizo and enchilada tacos with guacamole and cilantro.  The dish came with cucumber slices and radishes on the side.  The chorizo tacos had some spice to them and the tortillas used for the tacos were good. I wasn't as impressed with the enchilada tacos. There wasn't a lot of spice and the meat had this odd lumpy look and texture, as if they'd made up the meat before hand and it sat around.  The only other comment I'd make is that the service was a little slow. The meal was reasonably priced.Just ate here the other night. Pretty tasty.
One complaint before anything else: The service was a little lack luster. I like the spicy, but I am also an Anglophone, I need water...cool, revitalizing, icy water. But getting anyone's attention for a refill was almost impossible. 
Aside from that, Great food. I got the vegetable burrito, oh, it was fantastic. The kind of fantastic where I ate so much that my stomach went into full rebellion and I contemplated the meaning of life as I tried to fall asleep while rocking back and forth murmuring "why did I eat so much?" 
....worth it.originally planned to go to Pat's or Geno's for cheesesteak, but after i saw that they didn't have non-beef options, i left. (i know, i know.. cheesesteak's are supposed to be made with beef, duh. but i was hoping they would have another option since i don't eat beef).
anyways, my cousin and i were starving so we just went to whatever was near, so La Lupe it was. staff is pretty friendly here. there was a guy who was working there that talked our heads off.
i ordered pork enchiladas verde. i was surprised to get some good and authentic tasting Mexican food in Philly. not that im an expert, but being from California, Mexican food flourishes. and i kept hearing that its hard to find good Mexican food in the East Coast, but this place was pretty good.A friend invited me over to South Philly last night for drinks at Ray's Happy Birthday Bar, and the outrageously loud karaoke singing and intolerable stench of cigarette smoke sent us right back out into the midnight air seeking refuge after one drink.
With La Lupe right around the corner, I figured it was the perfect opportunity to indulge in some "Zagat rated Mexican food" (my friend has mentioned the Zagat rating on several occasions in casual conversation).  However, the request did not come without slight hesitation.  I absolutely LOVE ethnic food, but as a pescetarian, I am often outcast to the land of bland, thoughtless, one-vegetable dishes.  Luckily, La Lupe has plenty of love to go around. 
Upon arriving, I scanned the menu.  At $2.50 a pop, I figured the grilled cheese tacos were the perfect low investment risk.  I will admit I was quite apprehensive. "Grilled cheese?!?!  That's a little vague," I thought.  I then imagined a flavorful taco enhanced by the texture of the fried Mexican cheese that I first had on the Southside of Providence, RI, but I knew I could also end up with a more Tex-Mex cheese variety of mozzarella, monterey jack, and cheddar that simply melted down a la quesadilla.  Both my friend and the cook assured me they were delicious.  With their reassurance, I went ahead and ordered two tacos and I raved about them for the rest of the night!  The tacos came filled with the Mexican cheese I was hoping for (shredded and grilled like hashbrowns) with a dollop of guacamole on top.  The tortillas were fresh tasting and light.  The tacos were even accompanied by lime wedges and crudites (i.e. cucumbers and radishes).  Definitely one of my favorite tacos ever!
Hmmm, I just might make the trek back for Taco Tuesday!Best burrito I ever had.  Every time I go in here it's empty, which is also great, because most of the time, I can't stand the general public. I do have to say, the staff could learn how to smile a little. Just sayin. I tried to sing to someone in there and I thought he was gonna come out from behind his work area and stab me with his cooking utensils.My brother seems to like this place so I thought I'd try it out as I hadn't been here in over a year. Let's say that I'll think twice about going back.
I ordered enchiladas w/barbacoa [lamb] and beans/rice. The chips that came as appetizers were cold. Perhaps they weren't meant to be warm but I personally can't stand cold chips. The verde [green] salsa was decent. The mole sauce was less than to be desired but above all, the barbacoa was mostly tasteless. It seemed like it was just boiled w/no flavor. A let down for sure.
And in addition, the skaters kids who sit outside and chain smoke in front of you is also another reason not to come back.
Either that or order what ever the hell it is my brother orders.dude eff this place.
guac was watery and flavorless.
pineapple shake was frothed milk with NO pineapple.
had to beg for water.
no ac.
nothing redeeming at all. will never go here again.Why eat artery-clogging cheesesteaks next door when you can eat delicious and healthy offal right next door?
Have a hearty bowl of menudo, this place sells the white variety, which is a delicious steaming hot bowl of beef stomach and beef intestine stew.   It sounds "udder"ly delicous, and you're right, it is.   And you don't have to wait until Sunday like most other Mexican places.   This place will serve menudo on Fri nights occasionally.    9 bucks a bowl may sound a little steep, but a bowl of this stuff is big enough to feed an entire impoverished village.
Oh yeah, for the less adventurous they have burritos and tacos and stuff.Traveling to La Lupe you'll feel like a tourist amount Pat's- and Geno's-dazed patrons, but eschew Cheese Whiz and rise above. 
Corn (not flour) tortillas, creme fresca and other traditional Mexican spices  prove La Lupe is a Mexican force to be reckoned with on Philly's foodie scene. Thick salty chips, real guacamole, a bottle of Spain's version of Orangina and three pollo tacos later, you'll wonder why you shouldn't have a $12 dinner every night.
Diner's Tip: You're in a rehauled garage, so don't reserve a table for Valentine's Day, penny pinchers.While I currently reside in DC, I lived in Philly a number of years, and I hit up Pat's and Geno's many a late night.  But I never paid attention to La Lupe right next door to Geno's (maybe I was too inebriated).  
I happened to be in Delaware for the day late one Monday night, and my brother had a craving for a cheesesteak.  After we had our fill of both Pat's and Geno's we saw La Lupe.  
We went up and it was practically empty (No suprise for 11pm on a Monday evening), and opted for the tacos carnitas.  
In about 5 minutes, a couple tacos came out stuffed with shredded pork.  Pretty good quality overall. Definitely going back up again to check out the rest of their menu.I would have never had the privilege of finding this little Mexican gem amongst Italians if it had not been for the post Monday Night Football crowd which made the line at Pat's ridiculous.   I remember the night well...Eagles vs. Vikings, Myself  vs. Captain Morgan.  OK, so maybe I don't remember the the night SOO well, but I do remember La Lupe.  
The food is as authentic as Mexican gets in the city.  They make their own tortillas and the difference is amazingly noticeable.  I got three tacos: chicken, pork and something else which I can't remember.  They were all amazing (even the mystery taco).  
I know it may be hard to stray from the cheesesteak capital of the world, but you should seriously consider making a special trip to La Lupe sometime, instead of Pat's or Geno's.Cheap great Meican food!  BYOB.
Try the variety of tacos.  The pork and queso blanco are amazing!
Dont' forget to ask for the fresh guacamole.
I love, love, love this place.  Reminds me of the best Mexican food I had growing up in Texas!Good spicy salsa.  Handmade fresh corn tortillas with your meal.  Friendly staff.  Mmm...
The horchata was pretty good.  So was my barbacoa de chivo (barbecued goat).  It came with an avocado and onion salsa that was full of fresh avocado.  Too bad I hate avocado, but lucky for my friend, who enjoyed it.
I LOVE Mexican food and demand quality.  This was some good stuff.This is a great place for summer time because there is outside seating. You can also BYOB which is a plus. The only downside to this place is their service is super slow, so if you are really really hungry, don't go there.
But if you are a fan of beef tongue, they make the best lengua tacos/ burritos ever. I always go there for their Horchata (drink made of rice, almonds, cinnamon, lime zest and sugar). Their salsa verde is also A+.My boyfriend and I LOVE their food.  At one point, we were practically ordering from there every Sunday afternoon.  We've eaten there also a few times.  I order their chicken burrito just about every time.  It's awesome!  I always have leftovers the next day, too. The salsas that come with the chips are really good.  Guac is also good.  
We've never had a problem with their service.  They answer the phones in Spanish but quickly change to English.  Pick-up is fast.  Dine-in was quick for us, too.  Love it all!!La Lupe is the kind of food that reminds me of my first cook job, when the Guatemalan dishwasher's wife would show up at the back door of the restaurant to sell us tacos for 50 cents each.  They were made with incredible stewed pork or beef or spicy chicken, homemade guacamole, chopped onions, cilantro, and fresh, soft, warm handmade tortillas.  
Eating at La Lupe may be an experience that is so incredible for me because of this sense-memory I have of the food, but when Mexican grandma's are in the kitchen, I have little doubt it can do the same for anyone.
Highlights are the Lengua, Al Pastor, and Chorizo tacos, and the Chorizo Tostada.  These people deserve your money more than the racist, ignorant scumbags slinging greasy shit to tourists two stores down.  Go here instead.When my Philly friend told me she was bringing me here, I was ready to be magnanimous and tell her how much I liked it while secretly wondering why people from the East Coast settle for such horrible Mexican food.
When we got here, though, I was ready to eat my words--er, thoughts--and I did.  First off, the place looks like something from East L.A. or San Francisco's Mission District--not the building itself but the decor and the setup.  I was instantly comforted by the fact that most of the employees looked Latino or Latina, as did quite a few patrons.
When the food came, I just wanted to eat until I was tired.  It wasn't anything spectacular, but it was familiar, which is something I hadn't felt in a week-and-a-half at the time (I had been in DC for a week and Philly for a few days).
UPDATE:  8/26/11
==============
I'm knocking La Lupe down a star because it's completely wheelchair inaccessible.  A wheelchair user could technically eat at one of the sidewalk tables, but because the benches are built in, it would be really tricky and not very comfortable.Frequently overlooked, and underrated. La Lupe is the prime spot for a group gathering. $5 delicious burritos on Thursday. Oh wait, there's more! BYOB, everything. Bring your favorite beer, wine, or handle of tequila to make drinks at the table. This will become a weekly ritual.TL;DR Authentic Mexican food but not worth the wait.
Went on a Taco Tuesday around 5 pm for their $1.50/ taco special. Ordered Enchilada, Pastor, Chorizo, and Chicken tacos. They come with cilantro, chopped red onion, and guacamole. 
Boy am I glad I got 4, though. Nearly 80 minutes passed from when we ordered to when we got our food and we were the 7th, 8th, and 9th people in the restaurant. 
Good tacos but not worth 80 minutes. Go to El Jarocho at 13th and Ellsworth for comparable tacos (if not better!) for a similar price and 1/20th the wait.
La Lupe is a BYO with large glass garage doors that they presumably open when it's nice. It's better suited for a lazy summer afternoon of drinking El Presidente, munching tacos, and injuring eternity.Such a weird experience. 
Went there for $1 Taco Tuesday (which is now, by the way, $1.50 Taco Tuesday). The waitress was sullen and talked on her phone for 10 minutes before taking our order. 
They had neither barbacoa nor  lengua tacos, which were the ones I was most interested in eating.
Ordered guacamole and it was not only watered down, but also served with a scant amount of chips that were definitely not made on site. Also ordered arroz y frijoles and the frijoles were definitely more of a pinto bean stew.
The queso taco was particularly delicious, but this was by far the only standout.
If you go, go on Tuesday. Eat a couple of cheap queso tacos and then head to Veracruzana for some real Mexican food.I don't consider too many places to be five-star establishments, and in all honestly La Lupe is probably something closer to a 4.5, but I'm bumping it up to the full five stars for several reasons.
1.  Yelp doesn't do half-star ratings.
2.  La Lupe does "Taco Tuesdays," where their tacos are only $1.50.
3.  They're BYOB, which I'm sure I'll take advantage of and enjoy immensely once the weather gets better.  
4.  I've never had a problem with the service (did the rest of you really expect fine-dining level service from the looks of the place?)
and most importantly,
5.  Unlike many of Philly's Mexican restaurants/taquerias, La Lupe has several vegetarian options; furthermore,
6.  Their queso tacos are absolutely delicious.  Maybe it's because we don't have real Mexican food down south and therefore I never got to experience it growing up, but these tacos are really, really good.  The ingredients are all so basic, but the flavors are still somehow remarkably complex.  Eating that delicious rubbery queso with incredible guacamole, a squirt of lemon juice, a slice of cucumber and radish, and (my personal favorite) cilantro sends me off to Mexican heaven for a few minutes after I'm done eating.  
For someone else who's poor like me and who has a giant appetite like me, it's not always worth it to go on a not-Tuesday, as the $2.50 tacos add up quick (I could easily eat four or five of them, if not more).  On Taco Tuesday, though, I always at least plan to stop in for some delicious tacos.I think everyone agrees taco tuesdays are what drives the customers in. I like how you can try a variety of different tacos for a good price and the chips and salsa are good. I've tried their chicken burrito special and it's good too which I think included beans and rice, but I may have been mistaken. They also deliver! (not their special tacos though). It's worth trying and pretty authentic. The service is pretty good too. I highly recommend it. I have definitely gone back and it's where I would prefer to go for mexican in the city.La Lupe always satisfies. Burritos and Jarritos, what more can you ask for! La Lupe is also super cheap, and the burritos are gigantic and last me two meals. Plus, if you live nearby, they usually have your food ready for pickup in about ten minutes.While I "get" the appeal of La Lupe - huge windows that open onto the street, and cheap food - it is by no means the best of your taqueria choices in South Philly.  
What left a sour taste in my mouth was when I came here with three other friends for dinner and the service sucked.  Why?  Because they were cooking THE TAKE-OUT ORDERS BEFORE THE SIT-DOWN ORDERS.  While everyone in the restaurant waited for their dinners, and I mean everyone - orders for the delivery guy were flying off the counter.  That's just stupid.
The food is all right, but it was far too greasy, and definitely not worth the wait.  With so many new taquerias opening up and down 9th Street, there are plenty of better choices.  Just skip this one.Yelp I really feel like you've let me down rating this place so high.  I was worried from the time I sat down when my party was given what was like tostitos grocery store yellow round chips and so so salsa.  When I was given my jarritos the server spilled a good bit of the bottle almost on me before i caught it.  I was a little peeved he didn't even offer me another or comp it.  My friends nachos were the same grocery store yellow rounds that were definitely put in a microwave and my enchiladas were okay but the rice and beans accompanying them were completely bland.  It's also not really that cheap considering the quality.  I may give them another chance somewhere down the line but i'm in no rush to go back.It's on my list of places that are always ok with me!
The food is cheap; better than average in quality and generous in portion.
The staff is what it is. I didn't come for professional service. I'd be just as happy to order from the counter. They are usually nice. Our waitress did mess up our order on Friday night, serving us chicken mole' instead of the beef and pork we ordered.
The tacos are good. We've tried all of them now and I've liked them all.
We always get the mole', but on Friday they absolutely sank the plate in it. Too much of a good thing can actually be a bad thing.
We also usually get a burrito or a sandwich. Friday we had the potato and pork (pambazo) sandwich. It was really spicy and we enjoyed it.
Have yet to bring wine or margaritas. Honestly, just never thought to. Won't make that mistake next time!
I wish they gave you regular salsa with the chips instead of just the verde they serve in the syrup container. The verde is good enough, but it's more heat than taste.
I wish I could rave about the refried beans. Sometimes they are spectacular and sometimes they are way too soupy.
It's worth a walk for me!awesome and authentic. Goat and tongue tacos rule. Good afternoon load foodUpdate:
After going here for four years, they served me a plate of shit and billed me for it after I complained and wouldn't eat it.
I ordered the fajitas mixtas.  It came out on a sizzling iron plate with tortillas and beans.  Ok, looking good.  Then, I ate a shrimp.  Everything was so overcooked, salt must have spilled and, the worst part...  the mixed vegetables came out of a freezer bag and the had water chestnuts in there - like you get at Chinese joints.  Like LaChoy shit.  No joke.
I pointed this out the old lady/cook.  She asks "no good?"  I say "No good.  Take it away."  She says "You want something else?"  I say "No. And I don't to pay for it.  Take it off the check."  She says "Ok."  She brings the check and there it is.  I point it out and she wouldn't take it off.  I told her we've been going there for four years.  She said I had to pay for it.  So I did and said goodbye.  
Looking for a new favorite Mexican place.I lived 20 blocks from this place which was a problem for me when I had to drive once a week to satisfy my Chorizo chimichanga habit! Unfortunatley they were closed the last 2 times i tried to get a fix after 1am and the shakes kept me up 1/2 the night. Watching them make the tortilla fresh for each order while trying to pick out a song from the jukebox helps pass the time while waiting for fresh and delicious mexican cuisine.Solid 4 stars. 
I've been here a few times and they have never failed me. Burritos are great, chips and guacamole are very good, and all for a good value. 
Service is nice enough, I don't expect a ton of attention in these places. But good enough for me. 
Atmosphere is very casual. A chill place for a casual date or a quick lunch.super tasty, fairly authentic, and not too gringo-fied taste-wise. the only issue i would even have is the price....why does the joint keep raising the prices? yargh.
(their nopales rock, though.)It was actually my first time eating here earlier this evening and I will make it a point to go back when I can. We waited on and served fairly quickly  and given homemade tortilla chips as we waited.  Though I cannot remember the Spanish term, I ordered the salted beef taco and my friend got a bacon cheese burger. Both were pretty decent and not to mention..you get Mexican Coke which is way better for you as it is made with sugar. On my next visit I will definitely be ordering a lengua burrIito.I feel assured in them now. 
Great food for under $9 from even better people is something I can't pass up.I wanted to like it more than I did.
They didn't have very many vegetarian things on the menu (although I am sure I could have substituted something with beans), but my boyfriend had dragged me there specifically for the cheese tacos.  So I ordered me two cheese tacos at something like $3 a piece.  We noshed on chips and salsa while we waited, and when they arrived, they looked glorious.  I downed one and felt kind of full.  That grilling cheese is heavy, but I pushed through and ate more than half of the second one.
Then we went to watch that giant pinata get smashed.  We stood at Broad and Washington for about 2 hours, and then it hit me.  Cheese taco revenge.  I had to leave the site and hit the port-a-potty PRONTO.  Needless to say, this was uncomfortable and embarrassing (yet here I am, telling the Internet about it).  
Even though La Lupe was decent, I don't think I will return.  Maybe if they had more veggie stuff on the menu to lure me in, but it's a lot of really meaty meat, so I'll probably steer clear.BYO!
Tacos, Tortas, HUGE burritos = yes.
Platters = no.
Don't be scared of the lengua..
Tip: Taco Tuesday's, used to be $1 tacos, but I think they're up to $1.50 (well worth it).If you are looking for an authentic option for Mexican food, La Lupe is definitely worth considering. Authentic and inexpensive Mexican fare is difficult to find in the more central areas of the city, so you have to head south. La Lupe is located right near the Pat's and Geno's, which can draw big lines, but I've never found it crowded. The front windows open up in nice weather, making it a great place to relax and have a drink. 
To me, the standout items on the menu are the tacos and the chimichanga (you can order these with any kind of meat you like). They will also blend you up a great shake (I'm a fan of the mango). The tacos are fresh and simple: corn tortilla, meat, guacamole, onion, cilantro. The are delicious and filling, but not heavy, and you can order them one at a time ($2 each) so you can try different flavors (about 10 choices) and find what suits you. The flavor profile is just like what I've tasted in Mexico. From my experience at La Lupe, you can't go wrong with anything you try. The menu is extensive and there are dozens of options to explore. I'd love to try some of the other items on the extensive entree list, but I don't get down there often enough to stray too far from the tacos.
The only real negative worth noting is the service, which seems slow even when the place is fairly empty. You get some tasty chips and salsa to tide you over, but you are probably in for a wait, possibly a long one, regardless of when you go, so keep that in mind. For me this isn't enough to ruin the great food, but I could see it really bothering some people.
Coming from center city, the number 47 bus runs south down 8th street and will drop you a block away. If you are in the mood for genuine, delicious Mexican at a great price, it's worth the trip. If you live near there, I'm jealous.
Food - 5
Value - 5
Service/Atmosphere - 3$5 burritos on Thursdays (possibly Wednesdays too?)? yes, please!
This a pretty damn tasty and huge burrito for $5. Well, $5.40 to be exact. It's a little weird that they put sour cream and guac on top, forcing you to eat it with a knife and fork unless you want Mexican condiments all over your hands. Keeping it classy, I suppose. The al pastor was really good, with nicely-flavored pork and delicious pineapple pieces. 
The service wasn't great, but the lady was very nice and brought us stuff when we asked for it, which seems to be de rigueur at small hole-in-the-wall ethnic places. The potential is there for a bit of a language barrier, but that's all part of the adventure. I will most definitely return for taco Tuesdays, because how can you beat $1.50 tacos?I really, really want to like this place, but in my opinion, the only thing worth the trip is their chicken soup.This is probably one of my favorite mexican spots in the city. Authentic, cheap, not too trendy and not trying too hard. They have simple, tasty food for cheap. I like getting some cheese tacos and some chicken and swapping the fillings around a little so I can have chicken cheese tacos!
It's a BYOB which is also a plus on the financial scale. Great place all together - it always impresses the friends from out of town!
Reason why it's not a 5 star? The service is sub par, I know they are trying but I'm pretty sure a adolescent boy took my order once... Hmm...I love La Lupe. My husband loves thier Nachos (what can I say, we are products of Tex Mex)
The cheese taco is awesome-o. I have never had anything here I didn't like.
I always find parking even though those nasty places are next door. The open air environment is great.
If you sit outside, they are doggy friendly!
now onto the cons
-the chips are cold
-the salsa is hard to pour outta the syrup container
-inattentive service
-they seem peeved when we order just tacos and nachos. I don't want a $14 platter, I want 2 cheese tacos.  
-no green yummy salsa.I love tacos, it's a well known fact about me. There are a few things that I really like about La Lupe. Guacamole comes on the tacos. You don't have to ask and you don't have to pay extra. That's just great. Tacos only cost $1.50 on Tuesdays! And they are so fast with take out, so if I happen to be driving by and happen to see a parking spot, I can sneak in and get take out and still make it to where I am supposed to be. I also love a byob, and it's especially fun to use the wall-mounted bottle opener.I went on taco tuesday. After sitting and waiting for awhile, watchimg others seated after me have their orders taken and receive drinks/chips/salsa, some random VERY young lady took my order (what was she? 12?). I ordered two cheese and two barbacoa tacos--an order she proceeded to get wrong while repeating it back to me four separate times. I was pretty certain, at that point, my order was going to come out wrong but as long as it was tasty I didnt care too much.
I waited a half hour until another waitress came over to let me know they were out of barbacoa. So I ordered two chicken tacos instead...she seemed confused when I tried to confirm I was still getting two cheese tacos as well.
Another half hour passed and I was seriously considering leaving at that point, several tables had come and gone and it never was that busy to begin with, FINALLY my food came. An older woman came out to confirm my order--like two cheese and two chicken tacos on taco tuesday is totally unheard of or something.
It was okay. It wasnt bad. When I was done I hear the waitresses behind the register (si, hablo espanol) trying to remember what I had ordered to properly ring me up. Really?
I'm probably not going back which is a shame because I live nearby and love me some tacos. Oh well.Tacos are delish and filling. Prices are terrific. They are moving in three weeks. I hope the people watching opportunities will be as copious.In years past I might have given La Lupe 4 stars, but the quality seems uneven these days, so I'm inclined to only give 3.  
I used to drive past La Lupe every week and resolved to eventually try it. The first time I ate there, I was not disappointed. People obviously don't eat at La Lupe for the ambiance- it's the food that keeps locals coming back. I was also a little suprised by the prices, which run from $9 to $14 for a platter, but once I saw the size of the serving and the quality of the food, I realized it was a bargain. Authentic Mexican tacos will run you $2, gigantic burritos are $6.50, and a fascinating array of soups, appetizers and salads run the gammut of price ranges. There's interesting items such as Hominy Corn Soup with Pork, Cactus Salad, and for the brave and enlighted there is Oven Baked Goat Meat and Beef Tongue. This place is a far cry from Taco Bell. But if you aren't adventerous, you'll still find something on the menu that is familiar and delicious. La Lupe even serves breakfast; of course you can have pancakes, but what about eggs with chorizo, cactus or jalepenos! 
I was overwhelemed by the choices but I didn't want to be safe an try the tacos, so, I went for the house specialty. The first time I ordered the La Lupe Especial, #68 on the menu I was really pleased. It was awesome and only put me out $10.75 and fed me for two delicous meals. Two delicious spiced porked cutlets smothered in cheese and cremoso Mexican sour cream and a sunny side egg was served with a side of beans topped with Cotija cheese, rice, and nopales (cactus.) The creamy, delicious Mexican sour cream and the sunny side egg really bring this platter together and make it something especial!   Subsequent times I have ordered it hasn't always been as good as it was that first time (it's that the way it always is after the first time?)
If you're looking for cheap eats, you order take out tacos and you can eat for about $6. If take a table inside, with tip, beverage and a platter (or a sandwich and one appetizer) you'll plunk down about $18. I recommend enjoying a whole meal with the benefit of friendly bilingual service!I used to live a few blocks away with some roommates, and we would go here every weekend for brunch. The food was pretty good, as eggs, beans and rice usually are, but the service was terrible. We used to sort of joke about how long it would take to get something we asked for... the answer was always: ridiculously long, especially considering we were often the only table in there. 
I haven't been in years, since moving to Los Angeles, but I still think about this place, so I guess they left a lasting impression. They seemed to always be in a battle with the Pat's/Geno's customers and employees regarding I don't know what.... parking? outdoor seating? trash? It's a hopping area, and if you're not in the mood for a cheesesteak, and you're not in a rush, try La Lupe.I pine away for this little restaurant like a lost love. Two ships passing in the night, with only the briefest of moments together. 
Or rather, I haven't had any Mexican place beat this. 
My slightly deranged, and often misleading friend got behind the wheel of our small yellow rental car and took us on a ride through Philly, all the while claiming he was going to take us to this amazing Mexican restaurant. Managing to get us lost and give us a tour of the most random murals you could find on the way. 
Finally, we arrive. On street parking was a little difficult but we managed. Half an hour later I was in heaven. I ordered a chicken burrito and could barely walk after I finished eating it. It was probably the size of both my fists. My companions happened to feel the same. As we waddled back to the car, I tried to make note of where to find this little restaurant. 
To this day I still get lost finding it, but its well worth it.The portion size, the price, the relaxed atmosphere is just right.
La Lupe Especial...YUM! So are the goat tacos.There's nothing better than eating at La Lupe on a nice warm Spring evening, with the windows open, people watching everyone at the park. To me that IS what Philadelphia is all about. My typical stop at La Lupe, which always end in me over indulging, is to start off by splitting the nachos grandes with whatever company I am with. These are the best nachos out there. Then, typically I will proceed to a burrito or sincronizada. However, the hidden gem of the menu (which I have to be in the right mood for when I go, because it's typically in the evening) are the huevos rancheros. Try them and you will be immensely satisfied.After reading the reviews, both good and bad, I decided to see for myself during a rainy day walk around South Philly. I won't get all food criticy, I'll keep it short.
For all of the posters who came to La Lupe's defense you all got it right. La Lupe is good. There's plenty to choose from on the menu. I had the chorizo burrito and it was delicious. The salad was bland but unfortunately that's what I've come to expect from most mexican eateries. The atmosphere is exactly what I expected along this stretch of 9th Street and the staff were perfectly friendly. The cashier even called me amigo a couple of times.  
Overall, it was a good experience. I'll be going back.Not great! After reading the reviews on Yelp we decided to try it. We waited 45 minutes for eggs. Finally my hubs was so angry he asked the waitress what was taking so long and they told us they were waiting on the eggs to be delivered. Are you kidding me? How long would we have waiting before the delivery? Service and that experience make this a Never Again! 
Not to mention you have to ask for salsa, they don't bring it. And the chips were horribly old. Yuck all around!!!
Sorry La Lupe, you failed on this one big time!Do Not Go Here unless you expect to find:  Green Peas, Carrots, Green Beans, Water Chestnuts, Corn and .....BAY LEAVES in your Fajitas!  I don't mean a few" bay leaves, I mean around 10 bay leaves.  Who puts bay leaves in a fajita?  The "salsa" is a very watery reddish brown liquid that has no pieces of anything in it.  I was told it is "the real deal".  Let me tell you, it is NOT the real deal.  As one person said, it comes in a "syrup" container and you are given an actual "saucer" to pour it into!  The chips are just plain ole chips from a bag, nothing homemade.  A glimpse into the kitchen itself  leaves much room for improvement.  The only thing worse than eating the food once was that within an hour I ate it again.  Yes, it's what you are thinking.  True.  Bottom line, never trust an authentic Mexican restaurant run by a S. Philly "Gringo".These are the best tacos I've had since moving here a few weeks ago. Fantastic. I had al pastor, chorizo, chicken, and carnitas. I'd say the Carnitas were the best. Not one thing on these tacos is done to less than perfection. When I was done with my order of three I had to order more. 
It's also never super crowded. It's a very casual atmosphere. I was there on a monday night and there were maybe two or three other people. Do it up!OVERRATED!
Located a block from Pat's and Geno's and pimped out with neon lights, La Lupe is easily the most inviting Mexican restaurant in South Philly, but for food and service, it's not even in my top ten.  
I went to La Lupe around 7:30 on a Monday night, and neither the cooks nor the lone waitress were able to keep up with the three or four tables of customers. The waitress brought me something I didn't order, realized it was for a different table, then took it away without saying anything, as if maybe I hadn't noticed. When OUR food actually arrived, I was already starting to worry that I was going to miss the 9 p.m. showing of "24." My friend complained that his tacos were cold. My huarache con carne was delicious, as was my tamale en hoja de maiz. But, still, both are considered Mexican fast food items, and it took the kitchen more than half an hour to get them to my table.
The atmosphere is charming enough, but I was a little put off by the on and off nature of the music (which came from a jukebox): you would hear a song every ten minutes. 
Overall, La Lupe is the most American option for Mexican food in South Philly. Maybe some people are intimidated by the prospect of eating at a restaurant where everyone else speaks Spanish, but there are much better options, like Acapulco, for south of the border dining in the Italian Market section of the city.Right next to Pat's and Geno's, La Lupe proclaims that it has the best Mexican food in South Philly. 
Indeed, their queso tacos are the best that I have ever tasted! Thick slabs of (I think) Chihuahua cheese topped with guacamole, cilantro, and onions served with limes, cucumbers, and radishes on the side makes for my idea of a perfect meal. Dinner starts with chips and super-spicy salsa served in a syrup carafe. Make sure to ask for plenty of water!
I would definitely go to this place for their tacos - they're really cheap, and even cheaper on Tuesday nights when they're $1.50 a pop. Also a BYOB. They're also open pretty late, which is great for drunk munchies!Cheap, good and chill BYOB Mexican with 10 Tigres del Norte CDs on the jukebox!  Went here with a group for my birthday and everyone loved it.  You can't go wrong with this quaint place if going for an affordable yet authentic Mexican option, but don't go in expecting Distrito, El Vez or Tequila's in terms of yuppie ambience (or prices)I came to La Lupe because a friend recommended it, and while it did seem very authentic, I and my dining partner were sick afterwards. The food was so-so, although I did like the fact that they had Mexican Coca Cola.A little feel of Mexico to this side of Philly. If you get lucky for a parking spot because of the 2 big cheesesteak joints adjacent to it .  La Lupe is an inviting alternative. The Tacos have that authentic bite to them . Get used to the rustic feel they give all their dishes this si no Taco Bell. Order 3 tacos and a glass bottled soda Tijuana style.  The service people don't really speak great English but I have no issues about it I'd be surprised if they spoke Swahili , its an authentic Mexican food place. try anything with the ground pork or sauteed beef and have the chorizo as well.I don't know what happened to La Lupe.  When I first moved to Philadelphia from Texas, this is where I got my Mexican food fix.  In particular, I loved the tamales.  They still make good tamales, but the other food I have eaten has gone downhill in quality.  Their chorizo does not have the same kick it used to.  I got a tongue taco this time, and it did not taste like anything.  Their hot sauce not too tasty.  I was not happy with the food at all, and with places like Veracruzana and others all around, there is no reason to eat tacos at La Lupe.  I still would recommend them for Tamales.   I just did not eat those on this particular visit."Meh" is exactly it. Came here last night and ordered a burrito plus 3 tacos for take-away. It took *extraordinarily* long for these to get made.
When we got home and opened up our dinner, I was... confused. First off, my burrito (veggie) was ROUND. Giant, but round. Odd, but I was willing to give it a try.
I cut into it (definitely not pick-uppable) and discovered... peas. And carrots and green beans. And... huh... water chestnut?!?! These things do not belong in a burrito- though I was ok with the peppers and mushrooms and broccoli. 
Besides being completely odd choices for burrito filling, the veggies were mushy and not flavorful. The flavor was not helped by the beans or guacamole, or weird rubbery cheese. The salsa was lacking in flavor and spiciness.
Very disappointing.I wish this place sold a meal plan as it pretty much was my cafeteria for 5 years of my life.  Lupe is the nicest lady in South Philly, and sometimes the service is slow, but you can bring a six pack and enjoy the juke box.  I habitually busted my gut with the Chorizo Chimichanga, but they also have amazing pork.  Perfect place to spend a lazy afternoon drinkin beer eating good, well priced food.this place was the suprise of my trip (and food tour) of philadelphia...
friendly service in a relaxed atmosphere...i had the Sopa De Mariscos, and it was absolutely delicious and perfect for a cold night...the place was crowded at 6:30 on a tuesday, and i can see why...i highly recommend itOk so I do have to agree that La Lupe can be hit or miss, but after living in close proximity for almost two years I have figured out what to order. 
Give the queso tacos a shot. In theory all it is is a slab of queso fresca grilled till brown and oozy and topped with cilantro a bit of guac, and onions wrapped in a freshly made tortilla. 
The tortas are all good, but a bit heavy for me. 
Breakfast is surprisingly decent. It is by no means my favorite spot or at all fancy, but if you are hung over and need something quick and cheap it does the trick.
Oh and for a sweet treat, try the pina coloda eskimo shake and the fried plantains.  
As for the service I have to disagree. Everyone there is exceptionally sweet when I go in there. Guadalupe the owner can have a mean grimace from time to time but she is usually running around like crazy. 
One evening I went in rather late( during the rain out of game 5 of the world series). The city was dead and in a disappointed mood, but at la lupe there was an amazing vibe in the air. 
The owner's family was there and a young girl about 13 played besame mucho on her violin. Obviously, I can not guarantee this on the regular but it was really nice to see the owner and her family truly enjoying their establishment, their food, and their family.
OK OK so it isn't amazing but it deserves a shot. Try them on their new dollar taco tuesday and bring some modelo (byob), it is better than genos.I was in south philly, and decided I wanted to find a mexican place. I see a lot of mexicans, so I figured there had to be a restaurant in the area. I wanted to check out the italian market area as well, since my mom is from the area and always telling me about it. I chose La lupe because they were the biggest and had neon lights. I assumed that if they had such luxuries as neon, then maybe they had high profits due to good food. 
Anyway, I always get a chicken burrito at everyplace I go to, to establish a baseline. Was a bit more expensive than I'd like at $8. Tasted OK, not horrible, but not mind blowing. They also didn't have the 'Jamaica' flavor of Jarritos, which is a big negative to me. 
There were numerous other taquieras (sp?) on the same street, so I think I will hit the others before deciding how I view La Lupe.I'm giving this 4 stars based solely on the chorizo burritos. Best. Food. EVER. 
I've had a few other things here as well, but that burrito is hands down my favorite. 
I like the atmosphere also, particularly the glass front so you can see everything going on outside. 
The service is meh. The waiters seem amused that non-hispanic people are eating there, but that can be ignored. Also having your waiter only speak a few words of English can be frustrating when you need to make changes to your order. 
Their delivery is so bad it's actually funny. The delivery guy comes down on a bike and you'd better have exact change, as they don't carry any on them (that I get..I wouldn't carry change on me if I had to be a bicycle delivery person in South Philly either). 
That's a lot of complaints, I know, but the food makes it all worth it. It's just heavenly. Hands down my favorite authentic Mexican Restaurant in Philly.Since La Lupe is running a dollar taco Tuesday special, and I get out of class so late that day, I went back this week to give their tacos another shot.  My original assessment of the chorizo still stands; it is lackluster.  This time, though, I got a beef taco, which was okay, and a grilled cheese taco, which was tasty.  It contains of a block of Mexican cheese which is grilled to have a crust.  That was good.  However, the overall taco experience was still not as good as other places or as good as La Lupe was two years ago.Is there anything else to life than cheese tacos, rice and beans, and watermelon soda with your friends on a Saturday afternoon?
I doubt it.
This place has outdoor and indoor seating, accepts credit cards, and it a great alternative to the cheesesteak places several doors away. 
Vegetarian note: No lard in the beans per our server :)Went to Geno's and started to walk around. Saw this place and the Zagat survey showing  the food was highly rated.  We ordered an al pastor taceo.  The pork was rubbery and greasy.  Hated it. Decor is a "zero."  Upside: the taco was $2.50.