You MUST have the lasagna! Okay, now that I've made that clear there's plenty to love about Me and Mo.  The staff is very friendly and the pasta is homemade.  We have eaten there 7 or 8 times and we have really enjoyed every meal.Easily the best Italian food in all of Philadelphia. Got the spicy pork meatballs and the gnocchi and loved every bite. Got the marscapone and it was a perfect ending to a perfect meal. Will definitely be returning.I'm kinda torn on Nonna's.  Its byob and doesnt take credit cards.   We didn't know that until already there.  If your traveling and just want a good italian dinner and a glass of vino you gotta plan ahead.   The spaghetti n meatballs were the best.   The caesar salad amazing.   The saltimbocca and ragu had a funny spice like rosemary or something that made it over powering.   The budget piece of the price made it 4 stars otherwise is say 3.  They had an ATM on site but no credit cards.  Food and service 4 star everything else 3.  they're a nice family run restaurant just need a lil fine tuning.Everything was delicious!  We went during restaurant week and had a ton of food for a great price!  Some of our favorites were the artichoke appetizer, lobster/crab ravioli topped with shrimp (amazing!), gnocchi, and of course the meatballs!  You can order any meatball/sauce combination on a roll for just 3 dollars.  So of course we had to try them while we were there. Both combinations we tried were great!  The service was also impeccable- the owners stopped by our table to chat several times and made sure our dinner was going well.  Highly recommend.  We live out of town, but will be stopping by whenever we're in Philly!Go here. 
It is astounding there are not more reviews of this place.
Food: meatballs. Meatballs. Did you hear that? Ask for the sampler and choose as many delicious, succulent, rich and homemade meatballs as you can eat. Our favourite was the spicy pork with bolognese. The gnocchi was sensational. Melts in your mouth.
Are you leaving yet? Go!
Service: fantastic. Family run. Wonderful and friendly. 
Ambience: we sat outside. It was a lovely Philly evening. Not sure if you can replicate that but if you can, do it!
BYO: beer and wine can be purchased locally.Honestly, I just think Me N Mo is really cute. Cute name, cute restaurant, perfect for date night. 
The food is pretty good - probably some of my favorite Italian food. I got traditional meatballs and loved 'em. I do think the prices are a little steep ($8 for just meatballs - pasta is extra) but it was worth it. We also had the chocolate souffle/lava cake for dessert and it was sooo tasty. 
I love that it's family-owned. The staff was all really friendly and attentive which is a nice change from most of the other places on South Street. I would definitely come back to try a different kind of meatball! 
FYI- the place is cash only, but they do have an ATM inside.Nice little BYOB Italian restaurant on South street. The gnocchi is freshly made and literally melts in your mouth. The meatballs were fantastic as well. Good spot to bring a date, bring a bottle of wine and enjoy! Will definitely be back.Best Italian food I've ever had.  The bruschetta and mussels were out of this world.  I had the meatball sub which had, hands down, the best meatballs and sauce I've ever had.  I had to have a side of gnocchi and all their hand made pastas are outstanding.  My wife and mother both had the wild mushroom ravioli and raved about the dish.  My brother had the salmon and he said it was fantastic.  The place is a BYOB, but it also has a full bar.  The wine list is excellent and very reasonable.  I did not have anything from the beer list, but it was a surprisingly solid list with several top local craft beer choices. Dinner was topped off my a shared tiramisu which was. like everything else, the best I've ever had.  
The restaurant is a family owned establishment and is very comfortable and welcoming. It may be on the casual side, but I think it's one of the top restaurants in PhiladelphiaExcellent family owned Italian restaurant I found on Yelp while visiting Philadelphia. The Arancini was excellent with a cheesy middle. My carbonara was just the right consistency and tasty.  My husbands spaghetti and beef meatballs were one of the best he has eaten. 
Wish we had a place like this in California. 
Even got some panne cotta to go.Really great! Just happened in here by accident. Got the meatballs with marinara on spaghetti. Simple and amazing. My friend got the gnocchi with mushroom sauce and that was the best and I dot normally even like gnocchi. Our waitress was super friendly too. Definitely give this place a shot.So yummy! Get the lamb meatball or go more traditional with veal blend, red sauce, and gnocchi! And it's byo- perfectExcellent Italian food at reasonable prices. It's BYOB for now but they are in the process of obtaining a liquor license. Don't miss the lasagna--it's fantastic.This was hands down the most amazing Italian food I've had. I've been to Italy, and yet it didn't compare! This is a family-owned business that my friends and I found on Yelp while seeking to carbo-load before our Tough Mudder. We walked into a warm and cozy place with extremely friendly service and AMAZING food.
We all got meatballs (one of us got the veggie meatballs) with different sauces and spaghetti. To die for. I had the pork meatballs (spicy and delicious) and the sauce a la vodka.
It was so amazing that we ended up driving 90 mins to come back the very next day, after our Tough Mudder. One of the owners, Giancarlo (we also met his father and his daughter who work there--truly lovely family), greeted us warmly and was so pleased we had returned. We had bruschetta (for the second time, so perfect), and everyone had the sauce a la vodka with their spaghetti and meatballs! We found a favorite. I wish they bottled it so we could bring it home with us!
Giancarlo knew we had just finished a long run, and he surprised us with a giant salad (perfectly dressed), brought my boyfriend a beer, and just made us feel so welcome and warm. We are even Facebook friends now, and he made us feel truly at home.
By the way, it's cash only but they have an ATM inside and they take the $2 ATM fee off your bill! Also it's incredibly affordable. We were impressed. Truly one of the best experiences I've ever had at a restaurant. I won't return to Philly without going here at LEAST once! Cannot recommend highly enough.We had a bad dinner. We were told the restaurant was overbooked and had to wait 20 min for a table. Terrible! Mussels were not fresh. They were not cleaned well. Sorry, I don't understand why the rating was high!Worst Italian food I've ever had. Staff is also extremely rude and disrespectful.
Ordered takeout and the food all came wrapped in aluminum foil. All of it, as expected, tasted like aluminum foil. I always love when my pasta is wrapped in metal and my teeth get that wonderful tin feel. 
The proscuitto that was suppose to be on the chicken dish was actually a slice of processed deli meat, neat! 
Best part, the spinach that comes with the chicken comes with tiny pieces of aluminum foil already broken up with it, no extra charge for that! Awesome! 
When we called the restaurant to inquire about all of these fun additions to our order the man on the phone yelled and then said to, and I quote, "Never order from this restaurant again!"  
And guess what?! We won't! 
I hope you won't either!My fiance and I came here for dinner last night. Service is exceptional, some of the best I have experienced. The establishment is family run, which gives the restaurant a homey feeling. Food was absolutely amazing - we ordered the spicy pork meatballs, and pollo saltimbocca. We had the tiramisu for dessert, which melted in your mouth. Highly recommend going here for an authentic italian meal.Just had the most amazing dinner! I never write reviews but needed to share my joy with the world! My best friend and I absolutely loved everything we ordered and agreed this was the best Italian food we've ever had. Meatballs and lasagna were out of this world. Staff was incredibly friendly and kind. Amazing food, amazing service--I can't recommend highly enough!!Everything was great! The meatballs, pasta, and sauces are all homemade. I recommend the lamb meatball. Four meatballs with the homemade spaghetti is a great portion for one.This place is quiet the little gem.  Every time we've gone with friends and family we had a wonderful experience.  We've dined in once and done several take out.  The staff is very friendly.  It is family owned and they treat you like family when you are there.  The ambiance is like a little cafe in Italy.  It is rustic and adorable.
The food is great italian food.  You can tell they hand make the pasta each day.  Their meatballs have been the favorite of everyone that has eaten there.  As a vegetarian i even like the veggie-balls.  Our non- vegetarians loved their dishes as well.  This place is a crowd pleaser for anyone that love good italian food.  It is a BYOB and cash only place.Came to Me N Mo again and was blown away by the hospitality and generosity of the staff. Giancarlo is a WONDERFUL host, and the food is absolutely phenomenal!!! You must dine here!Excellent new addition to South Street--so glad to have a new option in the neighborhood for delicious, reasonably-priced food, with a family-run and very friendly vibe.
Plus, the giggling, jokes, and innuendo while reading the menu is endless--if you're with the right people!
We tried 3 of the 6 types of meatballs and 3 of the sauces"
Chicken Pesto
Spicy pork Marinara
Turkey (special) Sage butter garlic (special)
We also tried the Gnoochi Marinara, which was excellent--these folks were the original founders of Gnoochi, which used to be just off South St, too.
Had Tiramisu for dessert, yum!
Go there before it gets too busy!Food was absolutely incredible!! Great waitstaff ;) 
Delicious vegetarian options-loved the gnocchi with mushroom sauce and veggie meatballs with pesto sauce! Very filling!I didn't expect much as we stopped in front if this restaurant.  We hadn't planned to come here, but the place we wanted to go to was closed because of a funeral.  Looked at the menu outside and although it all sounded great, the taste of it would tell the real story.  What a great story.  
Had to try the Traditional Meatballs, because if the basics aren't done right I know where the night is headed.  They were GREAT.  Everyone thought they were perfect.  
A friend ordered the Lemon Chicken, and she LOVED it.  The portion was generous and she took a little home with her.  
I had the Gnocci and Sausage.  It did not disappoint. The order did come out about 10 minutes after everyone else's, but the owner came to out table and told me that due to our arriving late in the evening, the kitchen was closing in 15 mins, that they ran out of Gnocci and he ran to the store for ingredients to make some on the spot.  I would have ordered something else if he would have said something, but i think the wait was worth it.GianCarlo and his crew are the best in town. The food here is authentic Italian. The gnocchi is the best I have ever had. The atmosphere is cozy and romantic. Perfect for any night. My favorite meal is the meatball party dish with gnocchi in vodka sauce. You must go here!!Your favorite Italian "relatives" wait to welcome you at this intimate and authentic Roman influenced dining experience.  Yes, you will feel like family and want to make this a regular stop on your dining circuit. I suggest you will get the best impressions of both the cuisine and family like atmosphere if you can visit at non-peak times when the chef owners (Carlo and brother Sandro) and one of Carlo's beautiful daughters (Gianna was our server yesterday) might have extra time for conversation or inviting you for a little aperitif with them.  
My husband and I have visited La Nonna a few times now......ordering whatever is a "special" of the day is always a win, but feel free to couple those with some of their classic best offers (for me the "Jewish Artichokes" starter is a must order)
    Last night my husband and I did start with both the artichokes (lemony with a touch of cheese in the sauce and totally edible and delicious) and a special starter of broccoli rabe and sausage (the sausage had  a kick and the garlic pronounced which I really like). 
For mains, I had a special...Pappardelle with OXTAIL sauce. I was a bit hesitant to order it having gone in with a more typical red sauce in mind but I was happy when the platter arrived with a red sauce variation and many pieces of tender oxtail throughout. Hubby went with blackened tuna in balsamic with accompanying vegetables.....the tuna was perfectly prepared rare as my husband requested.  We shared a lovely limoncello angel food cake afterwards.  It was a quiet evening so "our Italian relatives" invited us to linger and enjoy a special Sambuca with them afterwards.....who needs to rush home when you can sit and sip and visit.  
  On a practical note, remember that La Nonna is cash only and BYOB.  Do make a New Year's resolution to get there .....and return. Speaking of holidays.....La NONNA will offer a CHRISTMAS EVE SEVEN FISHES DINNER and they will have three seatings on New Year's Eve.  Stupendo!Delicious. Love the vegetarian meatballs with vodka sauce. Waitstaff is exceptionally nice. This is a BYOB and very reasonably priced.Excellent food! The meatballs were all tasty, the sauces homemade, and the entree portions large. No complaints on food all around.
However, our small party had a hard time with the noise level, which can really be make or break when you want to have a nice, social dinner. A nearby party of about 6 left about halfway through our meal which helped, but they weren't extraordinarily loud. The music playing included The Doors and Neil Young (that I can remember), and was generally too loud. 
Basically, it's a great space with amazing food, but the ambiance is severely lacking. I'm not saying I need to hear Rosemary C'ooney or Lou Monte when I walk into the place, but without any sound barriers, I think some softer mood music could do wonders for the in-house experience.This place recently opened and it's already catching everybody's attention. The food was delicious. So many types of meatballs to choose from. The ambiance was great. Whoever decorated did a fantastic job. Can't wait to go back.Meat Lasagna has no meat. Marinara sauce is salty and not sweet, tasted like someone put in salt instead of sugar. Meatballs was ok. Grill veggie was good.
Ordered from grubhub, when it arrived, sauce was all over the bag and dripping out. Its all over my floor and table.Here with a wedding party and wow!!!!! We'll definitely be back. The gnocchi is to die for. Good chix parm and great ambience on the quiet side of south street.This place is great! The atmosphere is cozy/ the right mix of hip and traditional with good music. The food is off the charts- when they say homemade pasta and sauce they mean it. The gnocchi was hands-down the best I have had, buttery and rich. The basic pasta marinara was just what I wanted- sauced appropriately and a generous portion. Our meal was fantastic from starts to finish.My wife and I had dinner here last night. We had lasagna, spaghetti with bolognese sauce and the fettuccini with Italian sausage.  ALL WERE AMAZING! 
This is the best homemade Italian food my wife and I have ever tasted. It is just sad that it had to be on the east coast being that we live on the west coast. We also had the artichoke roman style as an appetizer which was... Well, amazing doesn't even begin to describe how they tasted. My wife and I will most definitely plan a trip to Me and Moes next time we are on the East Coast. The pinot noir was tasty along side our dinner.  Thank you for a wonderful experience. Gina & JoeWho don't like balls of meat? 
Hey Philly... The Meatball Shoppe in NYC is packed. 
So here's our local shot at non-deflated balls. 
Okay,  it's South Street... a ways from the red gravy (sauce) strongholds to the south. 
But... 
It's a family joint. 
Homemade gnocchi & pasta. Yum. 
5-6 kinds of meatballs - all great by the way. 
5-6 gravies/sauces - all bread-soppin'-worthy. 
And you'll be soppin' with Sarcone bread ! 
Best value meal for a couple of miles around Headhouse. 
Come on...  Mangiare !Best Italian takeout I've ever had. I'm usually not hard to please, but this was excellent. I ordered the beef meatballs with a side of spaghetti and then the grilled vegetables as an addition. Granted, this was probably enough food for 2-3 people but I ate it ALL! I couldn't stop, it was that good! The meatballs were tender, not too salty and seasoned to perfection. The homemade pasta was perfect and the sauce was delicious. The grilled veggies were equally as satisfying. Delivery was super quick and easy. Will definitely be ordering again!It was a great experience! Small and quiet but so very friendly! I would recommend this place in a heartbeat!Four of us had dinner at this pleasant Italian restaurant last week. Pretty sure I have been to a previous incarnation in this same space. It is BYO. 
 Artichoke appetizer: the first bite transports you across the globe onto the ancient streets of Rome. Seeing this dish on the menu was actually the tie breaker that brought us to this restaurant over competing establishments. It did not disappoint.
Arancini: crispy shell and cheesy interior, what is not to like? 
Lamb shank: this is an enormous shank served atop a sprawling platter of risotto. While tasty, it was (just a bit) under-seasoned.The Hong Kong Meatballs and the Five Spice. Sautéed Veggies done just right, maybe could use a bit of a heat but still great. Had the Sangria, dry, not too sweet and fruit was delish.Delicious homemade food in a cozy little spot. Great deals on wine ($15 house carafe). Everything is made on site so food takes a little longer but you know it's made with love! Plus plenty of vegetarian options!!! We live a block away and will definitely go back !after reading all these great reviews I had to try it. Not sure we went to the same restaurant & or these others really don't know food or at least meatballs. We really wanted to like this place but honestly I've had better at some nothing looking pizza places. My wife pasta was overly salty, I have gnocchi which was decent & as was the red sauce. Meatball are average at best, I won't be returning.Wow! Impressive! 
Being from Boston and use to dining in amazing Authentic Italian food, my bar is set high.
The food here is fresh and remarkable. Fresh pasta, bread, incredible mushroom cream sauce.
Unique vegetarian meatballs...
Definitely worth stopping in for something... And the dessert at Rita's.Big fan since I live so close and it's delicious. Great meatball/pasta options and great prices. I love how I can select different types of sauces!! Even bigger fan now that they've been added on to Grub Hub!!Amazing - super delicious food, I recommend this place to everyone. Service was excellent and food came out quickly. My go to place in Philly for meatballs! When you come here definitely try the pesto and the classic meatballs!You feel you are walking into a local Italian restaurant in Italy.  We were met by the chef and owner who explained the menu and welcomed us like family. It's BYOB and while we didn't drink any wine, everyone around us had bottles of wine and beer galore.  They were more than happy to uncork and keep the wine chilled.  
We started with the calamari which came out relatively quickly and was clearly straight from the oven. We had the tilapia special, the lemon chicken and the salmon pasta.  All were absolutely delicious. The portions were HUGE.  Most people seem to take their time enjoying their appetizers, entrees and deserts.  We must eat quickly because we had to ask them to clear our table and then waited for the check.  It's a great little spot in Olde City that most people walk right by.  Will definitely go back.  The prices were so reasonable, but beware it's CASH ONLY!La Nonna is truly one of the few true Italian places in Philly. The sauces are delicious, the service is wonderful, and the experience altogether is the most authentic I have had in Philly.Good food. Authentic italian. Not one of the chains. 
We had the censers salad , the calamari as a appetizer, nice, very nice. A byob. Even better. 
And a daily special a eggplant with cheese. Amazing. Will recommend it any day. 
The wife had a chicken parmesan. Loved it.Best meatballs you will ever eat. Lasagna is the best I've ever had as well. Better than Italy. We tried the classic meatballs and the beef meatballs. They were the two best meatballs I've ever had but nothing beats the classic. It has exceptional flavor. The vodka sauce is also delicious. 
The service is amazing and it's a very inexpensive option for dinner, certainly a family friendly place. 
Overall, one of my favorite restaurants in philly!Since moving to Philly 2.5 years ago from NYC, the hunt has been on to supplement the lost tastes of The Meatball Shop. The hunt continues but glad to have found Me 'N' Mo.
This new and cozy South Street joint keeps the menu and ingredients simple, yet delivers on good quality meatballs and sides.  The spicy pork and vegetarian balls were ample in size and came out of the kitchen piping hot.  The mashed potatoes did not disappoint.  The prices are right too.
It is one of those places you want to return week after week for a good meal.I never had one of those Italian grandmothers that you see in the media. You know, the short, plump ladies who you never see without an apron, hand permanently glued to a saucy wooden spoon that practically lives in the kitchen.
"Eat, eat! You're wasting away!!"
My grandmothers' specialties were deviled eggs and baked beans, or sneaking me Godiva chocolates from the fridge. Needless to say, I loved them.... But I kinda liked the idea this Italian grandma. Someone whose only goal was to fill the bellies and hearts of everyone around her and keep the house warm and smelling of gravy and sausage. It's no surprise, then, that I immediately felt at home walking into the doors of Me N Mo, South Street's new meatball home, specializing in balls of meat and pasta to eat!
I was lucky enough to attend a pretty fantastic grand opening party and the staff pulled out all the stops. And, by all the stops, I mean just about any meatball you could imagine! Stuffing fontina into meatballs? Brilliant. Making ANY chicken based dish Buffalo-style? My kinda joint. They also have some more traditional options, including spicy pork and beef. But, oddly enough, my favorite was a combination I never even considered. Pork and Shrimp?! No, these bad boys aren't Kosher at all. But they ARE delicious, moist, and jam-packed with savory flavor.
The cost for four meatballs of any type, sauce and some Sarcone's bread is $8 which is honestly a little steep for beef meatballs alone, IMHO. However, I think that for some of the more interesting options (Pork and shrimp, lamb!!) it would be worth a trip. You can also get a buttload of balls from their catering menu, as a few of my friends did for Super Bowl Sunday this year. Nice little variety from the standard pizza and wings offerings, and who doesn't wanna show up to a party armed with buckets of balls?
...maybe don't answer that.Decent Italian joint, great meatballs but the red sauce leaves something to desire for (...like some herbs and/or garlic, and butter. Watery red sauce is a crime against humanity, tbh); nice ambiance and space. The arancini are a great app and the fish options are nice too. Overall, not a bad place for a family dinner.I wanted to try this place for a while.  I live next to the Italian Market in Philly.  I know a good meatball.  And theirs ain't it.  Beef meatball was tough, rubbery, overworked.  Wife's Branzino was a couple of nice filets, but were absolutely drowning in butter.  Skin was not crisped.  Boo.  I was informed they had sold their liquor license two weeks ago and it was BYOB.  I went out and got takeout beer.  My wife was offered a complimentary glass of wine which never appeared.  Can't see how they can survive on South st. for long.Delicious!! My husband and I just moved to the neighborhood and wanted an easy and homey meal. We had the chicken meatballs and vodka sauce, vegetali salad, and lasagna - best we both have ever had, melt in the mouth good. BYO, very reasonably priced. Will be our regular Italian spot!I went for the meatballs. I recommend the Spicy Pork meatballs with the Spaghetti. Delicious!Meatballs were sizable and delicious. I have never had spaghetti this fresh in my life. I will be going back very, very soon. The waiter (owner?) was very welcoming.Stopped in randomly after overhearing some people leaving saying it was the best meal of their trip. Did not disappoint. Pasta is all homemade and fabulous. Meatballs were absolutely delicious and service was excellent. They even had some cheerios and snacks to dispense up front to distract our 21 month old while we waited for our meal. Great spot for a lovely home-y Italian meal and a great way to spend our Sunday night!!I cannot say enough good things about this restaurant. 
The food is delicious & service is top notch. They are so accommodating! This was my second time dining in. Both experiences were amazing. Best dish is definitely penne with salmon. DELICIOUS. the ambiance of the restaurant is so relaxed, and it really makes you feel like you are in Italy. If I could give this place more than 5 stars I would. One of my favorite places to eat. Will be returning for sure.Delish!! Looking for an authentic yet inexpensive place near old city. This fit the bill. Super friendly owner and staff, and the homemade cheese ravioli and marinara sauce was simple, fresh, and tasty. I didn't even have a meatball, but will be back for that next time!!
Nice, low key casual atmosphere. Very good quality wine was also extremely well-priced.
Come here! You won't be disappointed.You MUST have the lasagna! Okay, now that I've made that clear there's plenty to love about La Nonna. The staff is very friendly and the pasta is homemade.  We have eaten there 7 or 8 times and we have really enjoyed every meal.I've driven/walked past Me 'N' Mo too many times to put off trying it. What a cool place. I went with my roommate Friday night and it wasn't too busy at all. You walk in and there's a little area where you can get cereal (if it's early or meatballs aren't your thing). 
There's a great amount of room here. 15 or so tables, not too cramped plus there's a bar. Very simple menu: meatballs, sides, one sandwich, or desserts. You can pick your type of meat with the meatball plus whatever sauce you want on it. There are too many options to not be pleased here. Plus they have specials!
I went with one of the specials, the buffalo chicken meatballs and a side of gnocchi with pesto sauce. The meatballs were actually really good. I recommend them. Four meatballs is $8, plus the gnocchi was $5. Cash only as others have said, so come prepared (there's also an ATM inside if you don't). The meatballs come pretty quickly with bread too. 
My roommate with one of the specials: chicken parmesan. Me 'N' Mo hooks up the fresh pasta. Can't beat that. Light and filling.
It was a good amount of food, but I was intrigued by all of the mystery surrounding the chocolate soufflé  Is it a soufflé? Is it a chocolate lava cake? As someone with a lot of dessert experience, I can dispel any confusion: it is a chocolate lava cake. Even some of the staff refer to it as such, even though it is labeled a soufflé on the menu.
The chocolate lava cake was pretty good. It was a hair overcooked. Comes with a scoop of strawberry ice cream and the plate is glazed with a zig zag of mango purée (side not: this is the most accented vowels I've used in a review). 
I'd absolutely return to Me 'N' Mo. I was happy with our choice to go there, and I recommend it to anyone looking to try a new place. Plus, who doesn't like meatballs? (Sorry, vegans)Very tasty, meatballs were great. Food was nice and hot and the service was fantastic! Visiting the area from Las Vegas, a wonderful find!Saw this new place last week, came back tonight with friends to eat.  Unanimous thumbs up from all four of us, the food is fantastic.
Simple menu, good prices and good value. I had the Lamb meatballs with an awesome mushroom sauce, perfectly cooked side of roast veggies and a nice glass of red - just the thing on a cold, cold night!.
Great, friendly service, rustic Italian decor, full bar with homemade Sangria - I'll be back!Me N Mo was a last minute dinner decision. We recently heard about it from an article online so we decided to give the new restaurant a try.  There was plenty of seating (not many people in the restaurant...not sure if it is because it is new).  We ordered the pork and shrimp meatball special, the lamb meatballs with the pesto sauce, and the gnocchi with a mushroom cream sauce.   The pork and shrimp meatballs were "different," I didn't love them.  The lamb meatballs were very good (they melted in your mouth) and the pesto sauce was very good.  The gnocchi with the mushroom cream sauce was good (i have had slightly better elsewhere).  The prices are reasonable and the staff is friendly.  Don't forget that Me N Mo is cash only!Delivery through Seamless. 
Ordered: 
4 cheese ravioli ($12)
Side of gnocchi ($7)
Two original meatballs ($6)
The quality of the food overall was good. The gnocchi was soft and the meatballs and sauces flavorful. 
The quantity leaves something to be desired for the cost. The ravioli, for example, was pretty lacking. For $12, we received 6 cheese ravioli. They were good, but not exceptional. And for $2 a pop, they better be the best damn ravioli in the world. 
When I called the restaurant to complain, the woman who answered the phone was receptive but told me that this was the normal number of ravioli per order. She said she would pass my complaint on to management, which was nice enough of her to say, but I don't have a whole lot of expectations for change. 
I won't be ordering from these guys again, which is a shame because we did like the food.Stopped in almost by accident and it was amazing. The people were so friendly, and the food was spectacular. I'd highly recommend it!I'll keep this short and simple- if you like meatballs, of any sort, come here. 
We stopped in for lunch and ordered the buffalo chicken meatball special and a beef meatball sub with marinara and mozzarella. The special was served with a side of bleu cheese dressing which is the perfect compliment to any dish with buffalo sauce. The combination of the tasty beef meatball and the crunchy sarcone deli roll will have me coming back often. 
Wonderful addition to south street!I grew up with grandparents from Italy and this place reminded me of growing up. I loved the friendly hospitality, since it was our first time we were given bruschetta to try. The meatball section is amazing and they are all delicious, you can tell the gnocchi was made fresh that morning. I have maybe has better gnocchi once in my life in queens, but for the $ this is my new go to spotMy family and I ate dinner here tonight and we loved it. The food was prepared to our specifications and beautifully presented. Everything was tasty and delicious. 
We were celebrating our daughter's birthday. Our server was delightful. He was very attentive to our needs. He made recommendations and made it a point to remember everyone's name. This place is a hidden gem. More people should know about it. It is a byob but they also have a bar. The bartender was lovely. She was responsible for the great music. 
I highly recommend the shrimp scampi and aracini balls. The meatballs are also a must have. Go there you will be so happy you did. My husband declared it is his new favorite neighborhood bistro.I cannot tell you how delicious the food is here!!! The best part of the whole experience is Giancarlo!!! He was a fantastic host and extremely accommodating! I wish this place the best of luck!! You will NOT be disappointed in the food! The gnocchi and meatballs are phenomenal!This has been our neighborhood spot for three years. Never a bad meal, the food and service is outstanding. Make sure to try the farm salad. This BYOB is on par with any 4 bell Italian restaurant in the city at half the price.Been here twice...and will most certainly be back again... I've only had the meat balls, salad and desserts...but judging from that this chefs a winner...so far I've had the turkey meatballs in a butter garlic sauce, the spicy pork in a marinara...the lamb in the vodka sauce, and a special pork and shrimp meatball with an Asian soy/dumpling type sauce...not a dud in the bunch...tender, juicy cooked perfectly...4 to a serving at $8 bucks a dish...can't go wrong...the tossed greens salad is made special by the light oil/vinegar dressing and the tiramisu was delicious...today dessert was a chocolate soufflé with strawberry ice cream...OMG!  His bread is sarcone...so if you like meatball subs...you'll love this place...Bon appetite!  Bravo...Since moving to the neighborhood a year ago, I've become a regular at this restaurant and it's become one of my favorites in Philly! It's a warm and welcoming family-owned place, with decor similar to that of a charming restaurant in Rome. The gnocchi with meat sauce, beef meatballs with marinara & spaghetti, and the lasagna are among my favorites. Best of all, you can mix and match sauces, pastas and meatballs, so it's a great restaurant for vegetarians and for meat eaters. It's BYOB too. Highly recommend.Great atmosphere. Amazing food. The veal saltimbocca was flavorful, but not too salty. We shared and eggplant tower appetizer that was in a garlic and oil sauce. BYOB, so it is relatively cheap.Food is great....service is very warm and friendly...would highly recommend!Delicious!! We came here on a quiet weeknight. Excellent service by the bartender/server. The food was ALL amazing! We wanted to try it all! Both the meatballs and side dishes(gnocchi, pasta, veggies were homemade and delicious). We'll definitely be back!! Also has a full bar;)After living in the South for two years and moving back to the Northeast, my cravings for good Italian food have been insatiable. I desperately wanted a quality, fresh spaghetti carbonara and came to La Nonna to give theirs a try. It was DELICIOUS! I also got the arancini as an appetizer and the housemade marinara sauce was addicting! I will definitely be back to try out the rest of the menu!Great spot on South Street!  We live around the corner and have probably passed it a million times since it's been open.  The space is nicely decorated... old rustic Italian. We certainly didn't plan it out properly, bc we went on a Friday during Lent... not a smart move on our part!  BUT, the food was amazing!  I had (no joke) the best GNOCCHI I have ever had!  Light & fluffy in a blush sauce. Yum! My husband had the soup & rice balls.  Loved it!!  It's a byob & cash only.  We cannot wait to return to try the meatballs!We tried $35 4-course dinner during restaurant. Fantastic food! especially my Entree slow stewed lamb leg. The best lamb leg I ever had. The pasta shrimp linguine is also great. What also great is this place is BYOB, if you want to save on the drink. Highly recommend this place.Hidden treasure!!
Very easy to miss on the busy South Street. 
However, food is awesome!!
Made from scratch, fresh, high quality Italian food. 
Had the grilled octopus for starter, and the wild mushroom stuffed ravioli. Delicious!!
My girlfriend had the eggplant parm, which was also amazing. The red sauce was so good!
Would definitely recommend this place. Just a heads up, it's cash only and BYOB.This place does a great job of focusing on a few items, doing them really well, and providing them at a really unbelievable price point for the specialty nature of the menu.  I love that you can choose which sauce to pair your meatball selection with.I live in the neighborhood but had not tried a this new restaurant.  I'm a vegetarian so it wasn't a natural choice.  I went with two friends last night and the food and wine are a great bargain and more finessed than you would guess from the name.  Great bottle of red wine for 25$ and the meatballs (including two vegetarian options) are all 8$. You can get them on a roll or on pasta or naked.  In addition you can mix and match as a slider combo.  It seems like the menu is limited but it is really not.  I heard two tables exclaiming over the old school iceberg wedge salad so you can really get a great meal here.  Desserts are homemade and the chocolate soufflé (really a molten cake) was a big hit at our table.Ok, so my husband does not like Italian, but preggo right here wanted pasta and we ended up at La Nonna. We are glad that we did. He liked it so much that we are going back. This is the first time that I see him enjoy pasta so much. I really enjoyed too. Looking forward for our next Italian night!