This place is now my regular - in fact - I'm in love. Fast delivery, nice & easy, no frills - just an awesome square pizza with just enough of everything.
Cash only - so keep a stash around for any emergency ordering you may need to do!Great potato pizza !!! And a very good broccoli pizza yum!!! I don't have much more to say but order from here.Based off of my first and only visit, arrived at 12:30pm on a weekday, got piping hot pepperoni and sausage slice. It was exceptional, crunchy bottom layer, soft in the middle, and not too dense. Perfect combination for Sicilian style and reasonably priced.It tasted and resembled a pizza one would buy frozen at the supermarket. Highly disappointed.Garbage !! From service to burnt pizza... must have caught them on an off day but very disappointing!Excellent Sicilian Pie. 
Fresh and well balanced tomato sauce, buttery and crisp crust. Mouthfeel is firm yet easily gives way to a soft bite. La Rosa tastes like my grandma's pizza. The cheese is thick and flavorful, lightly salty. The bread is fresh. All the ingredients taste like they've been made with love. Definitely check this spot out.Uhhh...delicious.  La Rosa is the real deal.  Ordered pepperoni and sausage, picked it up and brought it home....was still piping hot despite the decent walk.
Crust: thick, buttery, awesome.  Cheese: plentiful, flavorful, delightful.  Sauce: just the right amount of flavor, hits the spot.
On top of being my favorite Philly pizza its also the cheapest (not Little Caesars).  I had walked by a number of times and didn't think much of tje place then checked Yelp...Yelpers are spot on with La Rosa.Def a good pizza. Worth a try. Probably one of the better slices in Philly.High quality place for a good, simple pie or slice.  If you want gourmet, you have plenty of choices S Philly- this may not be it.  Style Comparable to Santuccis.  About as inexpensive as you can find as well.OH MAN. I've always loved this place from when I was kid and it may be better. You get square pizzas not a Sicilian style though so its not crazy thick crust. You get either 6 large slices or ask for 12 smaller if you want. My favorite is a half tomato pie half cheese pizza. I so so recommend this if you've not had it .This hole-in-the-wall spot makes a mean pie! We got half potato and half red sauce with mushrooms. The pizza was delicious, particularly the red sauce! I was excited for the potato, but it lacked flavor in my book. It needed a little umph - maybe some garlic? Or some rosemary cooked into the sauce instead of just sprinkled on top? The price is fantastic, too. We paid about $11 for 6 huge slices. Great Sicilian pies. We will definitely be back!Order a large pepperoni & sausage. Pizza was good beside the sausage was too salty. The crust was crispyI recently moved from South Philly to NJ suburbia-death town and what do I miss the most from my beloved city? 
La Rosa Pizza.
Square, thick, saucy, and no I'm not describing your boyfriend's equipment...I'm describing the best pizza you'll ever have in Philadelphia.
And so cheap. = DELICIOUS.The BEST pizza!!!! Been going to La Rosa for a long time! We used to order delivery every Friday night. Now that I live in Jersey its hard to go to La Rosa. Always get the same thing. 1/2 white and 1/2 Red (not just sauce only)I live in Baltimore but have been working in and visiting Philly for decades and somehow missed this place until recently.
I LOVED the Sicilian style pizza. It is minimalist, no frills, but really rocked my pizza world in a great way. It was all perfect for this style of pizza: crust thick but not monster gag-me thick, sauce great but not obtrusive, right amount of cheese, perfectly cooked with a nice crunch on the bottom and still chewy. I now want to try every topping they've got.
Call ahead and you will be in and out in a quickie. No credit cards and no tables inside so take out only, super friendly lady behind the counter the night we were there. Corner of Broad and Snyder on the right side if you are headed towards I-95. 
Such old school greatness deserves our business! Go La Rosa.This is my favorite pizza place! The best dough & sauce! Pure bliss! I do love how it's simple and old fashioned however being in the industry myself I can't help to notice how they only accept cash they have no menu or set prices and system is so outdated I only wish they would update themselves because they could triple their money! Because their pizza is that good!If you want to test a delicious slice pizza mix with a drop of love ...this is the place!!!la rosa is a no frills kind of spot. it may not look pretty, have the best service, or location but you can bet your buns you'll get a delicious and filling slice for the best price around. 
being a long time customer i have ordered delivery and take-out, small and large orders and never ever encountered a problem.You would think that in a city as big as Philly that there would be better pizzerias then there is. Either you go high end like Bufad or Pizzeria Stella and spend a lot of money for a small pie...albeit a "gourmet pizza' or you are stuck with the pizza place on the corner. 
Well I came across La Rossa by "Googling" best pizza in Center City and the reviews were good. They won Philly magazine's "Best Slice". It's a pick or delivery business- no tables. 
They are feet away from Broad and Snyder and I've seen the foot traffic come in from people waiting for the bus/subway. They also sell good Italian bread loafs too. 
The style is Sicilian (square) with a cruncy crust but still soft dough. A large pie is a great value and more than your money's worth.Finally!! After living in the area for a year and trying different pizzerias, I have discovered The One. La Rosa is cheap, quick, and tasty. I usually don't go for square pizzas, but the thick crust is soft and buttery. Cheese and sauce are perfect. For toppings -I go for pepperoni, but I've been told by fellow La Rosa lovers that potato is where its at. They do take credit cards as well as cash.My new favorite pizza place. I can't believe I have never had their pizza before. The half potato/half sausage is heaven. Incredible.When it comes to a thick and greasy one-slice-is-enough kind of pie, La Rosa is king.
La Rosa's no-frills kitchen has managed to avoid the typical rubber-cheese theme of a lot of other greasy South Philly pizza places.  Instead they've stuck their flag in a doughy, cheese-from-cows greasy type of vibe.  Which, sometimes, is the only answer.This is my first ever Yelp review, but after 2.5 hours, 3 phone calls, and no pizza, I felt compelled.  Although a few other reviews warned of delivery delays, I figured what the hell, even if this takes an hour I'll still have some pizza.  Sure enough, an hour goes by.  I call.  On its way.  Ok, Ok.  Forty more minutes.  I call.  On its way.  I can barely understand the woman on the phone, but she seems reassuring.  Ok, Ok.  And its been about 2.5 hours.  If you don't deliver, just say you don't deliver.  If you want to try this place, I recommend planning a backup.  I for one, am never calling this place again.No frills, no menu, no chairs, no problem! I'm a creature of habit so I always get two slices of plain. Thick, soft, tasty crust. Cheese is fall off the crust, oozing, melty goodness. The sauce is the money shot for me. Just sweet enough but still has a bit of tangy bite to it. 2 slices and a coke for $4.50 and I'm satiated and smiling. The staff is quite friendly. The place has constant foot traffic so the pizza is always fresh. I'm there every week so I'll be seeing you!Best sicilian i've  had so far. The crust is just right. Im not much of a pizza person, but the sauce here got me. Its pretty tasty. You have eat it hot though.  $2 for a pepperoni slice, can't beat thatThis place was ok. The order took an hour and a half to be delivered, the pizza was cold. Aside from that the pizza was just ok.I would give it 3  1/2 stars but since this place seems way overrated I'm sticking with 3. The pizza is fine, adequate is another apt adjective, but I wouldn't die for it & I doubt I'd go out of my way for it. And since it's  not open late at all I can't see myself stumbling in in a stupor...Fantastic Sicilian pizza here. Best in the city. Great sauce, great crust, great great. Try the potato pizza if you feel like mixing it up, otherwise I usually get the sausage. 
Slices are cheap. Delivery is quick. Hours however are not amazing, I think they close at 10 every night.Who says you have to choose between delicious and affordable? I usually add green peppers and mushrooms to my pizza.One of the best pizza places in Philadelphia. I've been coming here with my family since I was 5, and always stop by when I'm in South Philly. Prices are still really good!!! Get 1/2 red and 1/2 white for two amazingly delicious different pizza experiences! They don't take credit cards, and they have no seating inside.Just went here after 2nd time of chemo.BEST SICILIAN PIZZA EVER! We're from out of town & go here every chance! The pizza where we live costs almost TWICE as much & isn't HALF as GOOD! We don't live in a "rich town" either! The people were SO nice & we will definately go back again in a week or so! I'd give MORE than 5  if I could!I'm partial to the square pie. I'm not sure why, but I like it better than the circle pie/triangle slice. 
La Rosa does a square pie. Not quite typical Sicilian-type, it's a bit thinner. The sauce has zing, which is a plus for me. And they offer a 'gravy' slice sometimes (just the sauce, no cheese), which is like a warm tomato pie. I actually opt for them not to heat it, and let it sit until it's cool. 
Overall I like it a lot.Excellent sicilian pizza. By the slice, they do a really good reheating job, which helps maintain the quality you find in their whole pies (which are very good, too). In an area with a lot of by-the-slice-type options, I like La Rosa better than anywhere else.
Note: They are a cash-only place.Excellent tomato pie! And I'm very pleased with the price at $8.50 for 3 hungry people. We each got two large squares. 
The place looks closed from the outside during the day. The lighting on the inside gives the place a nice 'you'd probably get shot here' feel. If you can get past that, they are making tasty pizza here!This is by far the best pizza I have ever eaten. The place is small with no where to really eat except for a stand only counter. So plan on taking the pizza home. Anyways, it will be worth it!Heard their pizza was good so decided to call, first off there phone didn't ring and kept going to answering machine saying mailbox is full!! Then I finally got thru after 6 or 7 attempts and placed an order for a pizza! An hour and a half went by so I decided to call them back cause they said "within the hour" and they told me the driver called and knocked for 10 minutes and no one answered the phone or door which I know is not true cause I checked my phone and no one called and they couldn't have knocked cause we were sitting on the couch and could see the door thru the bow window plus I have a dog which hears when people knock and would have barked! So I cancelled the order as I didn't want a cold pizza now! I called back to talk to the manager and now the lady that answered said they had the wrong number! Which is it? They just made up what they wanted to tell me and never put the manager on the phone! I can't tell u if the pizza was good but I can tell u that the service is horrible and this has turned me off of ever calling again! Such horrible service especially when I told them I was a 1st time caller!!This is a quality pie for an affordable price!  These are thick crust pies, which I love.  The cheese was perfectly broiled and the sauce was delicious- great combo of herbs and tomatoes.  
You get 6 slices per pie, although I'm sure they can cut it into smaller pieces if you'd like.  
Great spot to get your pizza fix in South Philly!Great Sicilian pies-- cash only though. It's right in front of South Philly High though so avoid going right after school if you're just trying to grab a slice. If not, pick up a huge pie for a fair price. If you're going in for a slice, the owners are super sweet and if you ask, will tell you which pie just came out of the oven or tell you to wait for the one that's in there. Yum!Most under-rated pizza place in all of south philly!
SIMPLY OUTSTANDING!!!!!!!!!!
I will say, though, that walking in and buying slices to go is way better than buying a whole pizza.  The slices come out crisp and sooooo unbelievably delicious.This place has excellent pizza.  They use a ton of cheese, the pizzas are huge, and the sauce is savory. The only thing I wish they would have is green peppers, they only have sweet peppers which I am not a fan of.  I'd highly recommend!Called for delivery never showed up been an hour and 20 minutes. I understand that it is a saturday, when the delivery guy came up to the door, he didnt understand that I cancelled and do not want the order considering I called at 7:04 pm. It is now 8:23 pm. There pizza is absolutely delicious, this has nothing to do with the food but when it comes to the delivery guy who gave an attitude and walked away before I could finish mid sentence, that is a disgrace. I have ordered from here multiple times on a friday and saturday and I have never been spoken to or had to wait over an hour and 20 minutes for pizza when we live 4 blocks away.Rectangular pizza with six extra large slices. Saucy with plenty of cheese and pepperoni. At $11.45 the price and taste are right on. Cash only...we were counting change!Best thick pizza in Philadelphia.
Plain or Peperoni are strongly suggestedPizza is 10/10. Kind of hard to find parking and no restrooms around either, but the woman that works there is friendly and best of all its only 2$ a slice (pretty big)so good...but service is slow because only 1 person ringing up, to serves you and take phone order..they also do UBEREATS..Awesome cheap perfect sicilian pizza. Italian sausage is my favorite. We get this for lunch at work, add mortadella and spicy pickles between 2 plain slices and you have yourself a pizza sandwich.Ordered pick up. Received a prompt phone call that our pizza was ready. We picked it up and were surprised at the reasonable prices. $9.99 for cheese, and $13.50 for pepperoni and peppers. The pizza was still hot and absolutely amazing. The crust was crunchy, but also chewy. The sauce and cheese were perfect. My coworkers and I are definitely ordering from them again.Wow!  Wanted a quick slice on way to airport. Only $2.20 for big square of delicious cheesy goodness with perfectly salty and spicy sausage!  My husband loved his pepperoni square. We washed down the not-too-thick buttery crust with an ice-cold soda. Just heaven!!I have been going here for years but lately I have become obsessed with the Potato & Rosemary pie! It's is the perfect white pizza! Crispy, flavorful & has  just the right amount of olive oil(not greasy at all).  The prices are fair & the quality is top notch. Great old school spot on Broad St!Cash only- delicious sicilian pie with love from old school italian shop in south philly. They only sell pizza and the menu is basic...Great South Philly pizza! My roommates and I order it all the time. The toppings are all very fresh and the sauce and cheese are great. 
Great prices. Not the fastest delivery but worth the wait.So legit. They make pies for slices basically one at a time. I love the crust. Cheese could use some help but it tastes just like it did when I was a kid - really gooey. $5 t shirts, I'm getting one. This is one of my favorite pizzas ever. Makes me want to live in Philly if this is what it's like.Ah I can't believe this place has so few reviews! Well, I can believe it but it totally deserves a ton more. I give out 5 star ratings VERY rarely, and am extremely critical of pizza and factor in flavor, consistency of product and cost when evaluating the pizza itself. I then separately factor in the location (is it in an accessible/central spot?), hours of operation and overall ambience as appropriate. That all being said, La Rosa is a 5/5. This is the best Sicilian pizza I have ever had in my life. I have had TONS in the tri-state area, and before trying theirs I was not a huge fan of the square variety. Now, I would (and have) driven into the city from the suburbs to pick up one of their pies when I'm not in the mood for the "regular" stuff. When I was living in South Philly I tried TONS of different places and was appalled at the lack of good/edible Italian food in the area. La Rosa filled that void, as far as pizza goes. I have never tried the bread, but it looks fantastic and will in the future. It is SO cheap, the service is FAST, and it is ALWAYS fantastic. Try it and you will be hooked!This place is always underated when they talk pizza Best Of!!  If u eat it hot right at this little place its so awesome and much the same if delivered. We've been ordering here for yearssss..the delivery is pretty much in reasonable time and it's fantastic for the price and the kinds of pizza..each delicious. ..i actually wish they offered even more variety  and also say meatball sandwiches or pastas the sauce is that good. 
I am not too thrilled with its location unfortunately as the area of broad and snyder ..sorry to say..but u can see it cooked promptly and walking in its pretty clean. I love square type pizza's its how my mom and aunts etc. use to make it thin or think..and this one has just the right crispiness on the bottom. I see it as one of the 5 of pizzahood in south philly..LOLThis may just be the perfect pizza joint. Amazingly affordable and lovingly prepared pizzas (and not much else) served with a smile. I've been getting half potato and half plain and it hits spots I didn't even know I HAD. If you're looking for your go-to pie in S. Philly, you can't go wrong.I had the Sicilian pie with pepperoni and sausage. It was delicious. I will be ordering again!This is one of my go to favorite pizza places in South Philly. Once you go inside you can smell the amazing aroma of their Sicilian pizzas.  Their price is justified with how large their pizza is. Especially once you have a taste of their bread that they make for their pizza, it is a amazingly delicate,crunchy and full of taste where you actually enjoy eating the crust! Their sauce and cheese on the pizza is so very fresh and soo tasty. It is worth the experience of trying their pizza, you won't regret it!Absolutely delicious pizza, definitely the best in the immediate neighborhood. They however take South Philly rude to a new level. Generally speaking it's worth the terrible service as it's cheap and good. Tangy delicious sauce, good cheese and a tasty crust. However, I have walked out a few times. Asking for a slice just to get ignored and a dirty look and then the counter person walks into the back not to return for several minutes while several people are waiting to order is ridiculous.I can't comment on their selection because we don't actually have a menu, but I can tell you for a fact that they have mushroom pizza because that's what we had. Delivery took about 40-45 minutes, but it was well worth the wait! I liked the garlicky sauce and the thick, chewy crust.Simply amazing take out Sicilian. Bring your cash (but not much) and an appetite.  No credit cards or seating. But this is the real deal.What a nice and sweet local place to get pizza. Unlike my experience with dominos, I enjoyed my time as a customer here. Even though there was only one lady working at the counter she was very nice and sweet the pizza was really fresh and delicious as well. I shall be returning.I wanted to try some South Philly pizza on a Saturday night. I checked yelp and saw that La Rosa had great reviews. I looked online for a menu to see that they don't have a menu. You call and tell them what you want and that's that. One size pizza. I ordered a plain and tomato pie. It was cash only but it was under 20.00. 
The pizza looks like a Sicilian pie. Not as doughy and more crispy. I enjoyed the taste and value. Not my favorite tomato pie. 
I would recommend trying this place if you're in the neighborhood. I don't think I'd go out of my way to come here from fishtown.I used to work at La Rosa's 11 yrs ago as a driver !  
People all though they had lil clue about streets directions and how to plan a drivers route. YOU will not find a better pizza sicilian style for the low price of about $8.50  anywhere in the city of phila !
The ovens are totally heated by fans son it's cooked evenyly no mater what level is used top or bottom left or right !
That's why YOU get same consistent pie flavor crust and toppings every time you buy there !
Another Thing people when you order delivery from anywhere realize that most places DO NOT give the whole delivery charge to the driver !
Plaese remember tip accordingly to your driver attitude ! Expect 45 mins to an hour delivery time on busy weekend nights ! YOUR not the only one ordering pizza i can almost guarantee That YOUR order was delivered with 2 or 3 more within 30 mins time of 2 square miles !
Pizza drivers have insulated bags to keep pizzas hot they should be placed in bags as soon as they come out of the oven and the driver takes em all at once within 5 minutes andf delivers them starting with closest address 1st then work out !
But La rosa sicilian style pizza is at least a 9 on scale of 1 to 10 in my own personal opinion and years of buying there!Dirty, lots of bugs will not eat here again. No menu, delivery driver was very rude and my pizza smelled like cigarettes.The pizza is really good when you buy a fresh whole pie. However, if you buy by the slice it's terrible. I just bought a couple slices and they were hard as a rock. The cashier was VERY rude. I asked for a plain slice and a sausage slice and she started giving plain and pepperoni. When I corrected her she became very frustrated because she had to put it in the oven. Only give 2nd star because I enjoyed their whole pies last year.Best pizza I've tasted in south philly....I haven't ate in every south philly pizza spot but this is my first of hopefully many more in south Philly....the sauce and cheese are perfect. the price is cheap at $9 a pie. i'm more a fan of super thin crust, but i still really like this pizza. the dough is really thick so eating more than one square cut slice is impossible for me. but that does make it last a lot longer!Just awesome Sicilian style pizza at super cheap pricesEverything was right about this place. Only thing they didn't do was follow the instructions I left in the notes for a sauce on the side and they never left a side of sauce with my Stromboli.Great slice at the right price! Don't think this is the best slice in Philly; but I'm still in search of that. Really good and cheap. Nice thick crust(a bit buttery) w/great sauce & lots of cheese. The crust reminds me more of my local Greek style pizza than a  Sicilian one. Would definitely return & try something besides a plain slice.Best pizza! Delivery isn't expensive. My go to spot! You won't be disappointed. Good variety of ingredients but I like the classics.The pizza taste, price, and phone ordering experience were all 5 stars for sure!!  The only reason I only gave it 4 stars was because it was delivered ice cold. Since we were staying in a hotel we didn't have a way to heat it up....but with that being said, we still really enjoyed the pizza and would order from them again if when in Philadelphia.I ordered delivery and it came pretty quickly. The pizza was super greasy and salty with chunky sauce.  It was cheap though.Solid delivery option. The pizza is always hot on arrival, they are pretty accurate on time expectations and the product is consistent. This is not brick oven pizza - its old school south philly - and very good.So, the storefront is nothing to write home about & I'm not even sure if this place has a printed menu- but neither of those things matter.  For the most part, I don't even LIKE thick crust, Sicilian style pizza.  That doesn't matter either.  This pizza is astounding and CHEAP!!!  Also, I can't get over that they actually deliver fountain soda.  How cool is that?  Oh, and did I mention that the Pizza is probably better than most in Philly?  So so so worth a try!Go in here for an awesome slice or two of pizza at dirt cheap prices. Not much more this is to say about this place. Cash only.This pizza was soooooooo delicious! Just try it for yourself. Very large slices and the sausage and pepperoni had it going on! Would not hesitate to purchase this again whenever we're in the Philadelphia area.This is the best place in the city that I know of to get slices. They are thick, square slices with delicious sauce that perfectly compliments the crunchy crust and slightly browned cheese. If you want a great sit-in dining experience, the recently opened Gennaro's Pizza around the corner is probably the best bet, but for a delicious lunch at an unbeatable price ($1.65 for a big cheese slice or $2 for pepperoni), La Rosa's is the place to go.South Philly Tradition to sum it up inTwo words " the Best"!Delicious and cheap pizza. A whole pie runs about $11 but slices can be bought in the shop for $1-$2 each. The store front itself is bare bones and there is no seating available for customers. 
Definitely order pizza from here or stop by when you get the chance.