Came here to eat, not realizing it was restaurant week, which may have explained the noise, rudeness, and not so up to par quality of the food and staff.  Making a reservation didn't mean much as we still waited almost an hour to be seated, I felt like we were just being herded in because the more people = more money.  Didn't matter if they were full they probably would have said yes to any reservation.
Two things stood out for me:
1.  Being that we came here for a normal dinner not knowing it was restaurant week, we weren't told until after we started ordering that oh no, why didn't we specify which menu we were ordering from, now he has to go rewrite the check, such a hassle!  Yes there was an extra sheet inserted in the menu, apparently for restaurant week, but NO, no one mentioned that it was restaurant week or that it was a prix fixe menu.  Even the prix fixe menu itself had no indication on it as to what it was or what the set price was.  But they expected us to know, and for that we got a rude look and upset waiter who went running around looking for a new check to write on.  Such a big deal right?  Is it that hard to put a la carte orders and prix fixe orders on the same check?
2.  After having to yell at each other to be heard over the noise around us during dinner (It's an italian restaurant, the noise level shouldn't sound like a dive bar), I had ordered an espresso.  Something this hot is normally carefully put down in front of you, wait i mean that's normally done with anything placed in front of a paying guest, right?  I'm not sure if he was just having a bad day or what, but a different gentleman dropped off my espresso, literally dropped it on the table in front of me and turned away, before anyone could get a word in.
Almost forgot about the food, it was ok, a lot of what we ordered was a little too salty.  They need to ease it up on that, shouldn't need so much salt to bring out flavors.
I thought the idea of restaurant week was to attract new patrons to come back, I think I will be avoiding this place, especially during restaurant week.I made reservations for 8:00 PM on a Saturday and was promptly seated "across the street" at La Viola Ovest. This worried me when the hostess said it was "exactly the same restaurant" and I figured we were being duped. But, when we walked in, it was indeed the exact same restaurant. We quickly sat down in between a nice older couple and a party of 4. Not my style of dining, but it worked.
As most people have said - bread, wine, and water were ready within 2 minutes. We had two servers who completed this and it seems like a team took care of us. I didn't catch our actual servers name, but he was an older gentleman that reminded me of my grandfather, but was very nice and fast. Definitely a compliment to him and he complimented my selection.
Speaking of the food, my date had the black linguine with lobster tail and shrimp, and I opted for the Pork chop stuffed with mozzarella and spinach in some sort of gravy. I thought my pork chop was a little tough and overdone, but pork is usually tough wherever you go. The sauce it was in was delicious and the stuffing was excellent. I did not try to black linguine but it was the first time I've ever actually seen black linguine. My date seemed to enjoy it.
For dessert, we got the "Dark Side of the Moon", which is actually a very common name for most chocolate desserts. This one was a slice of chocolate cake with mousse filling and a little half moon on top. It was delicious and my date (who said she only wanted a bite) ended up enjoying it more than me.
My biggest qualms with the place are its just too crowded and loud. The couple sitting next to us was very friendly and we conversed at appropriate times, but what if they weren't? I'd really hate to be seated next to someone that was talking about something I just don't really care to hear. Its also tough to hear the person across the table from you at times.
All in all, a good dining experience. The common seating is not really my cup of tea but it was definitely a good place and will keep it on my roster. Good value for good food.Best BYOB in Center City.  Great food, great prices, and best of all...great service!  Dominic is a sweetheart and makes every one of our experiences here memorable.  
We have made countless reservations here (for both big & small parties) and have never experienced a wait like some others Reviewers have mentioned.  Definitely a vibrant scene and tends to be loud, but what else do you expect from a center city restaurant?I just ate here with a bunch of my girlfriends. We had a great time. It was crowded and loud but the food and service was amazing and made the atmosphere enjoyable too!! As long as you are not trying to have a quiet romantic dinner, this is the place to go and we had a blast. Most things on the menu were $12-$18. I had the salmon and pasta in a pink cognac sauce. It was amazing. The four of us had dinner and apps and the bill was $92. Not to mention it was BYOB so it was even better. I will definitely go back again. Note that there are two locations of this restaurant, but they are right across the street and the scene is the same at both spots. I would definitely call for reservations too as this place is always crowded.Wow, what a mixed bag! My review can essentially be separated into two parts: one part horribly frustrating experience, one part awesome experience. 
The biggest draw to this place is that it's BYOB. We brought a bottle of wine so I guess it's also BYOW :) 
Horribly frustrating experience:
Reservations here mean nothing. I made a reservation for 9:30 and we probably weren't seated until 10:15. The wait wouldn't be a big deal if there was some sort of waiting area or bar, but nope. This place is TINY and very popular which makes it extremely crowded on the weekend. So our 45+ minute wait occurred in a tiny room where we were nudging up against other parties who were waiting. It was either that or stand outside in the 30 degree weather. 
They don't take credit cards, only cash. This can be a big issue if everyone in your party doesn't know this upfront.
We had to sit at the same table as other people. Not a huge deal, but still a little uncomfortable. 
Awesome experience: 
Once we finally got seated, things started looking up. The service was surprisingly great, given the amount of people and noise level. There's not one server per table, instead the entire staff helps out. 
The food was simply delicious. We got the lobster ravioli (tasty) and the gnocchi (orgasmic). Best Italian food I've had in a long time.
Soon after we sat down, the place started clearing out and it was much more relaxing. My final word on La Viola Ovest - great food and service, but do yourself a favor and eat there during the week.I'm torn between two and three stars here. It fit the bill for what I was looking for, but I wouldn't send anyone here. 
The back room is all groups, we were a group of 10 so it was great. The portions are not huge, but either are the prices so that's OK too. We knew it was cash only ahead of time so I won't hold that against them either. 
The food was OK. The Caesar was a bit too garlicky for my taste. The gnocchi desperately needed more sauce and they weren't anything I'd write home to my Italian grandmother about. Lastly, the strawberry shortcake looked and tasted very grocery store bakery. 
The service left more to be desired. It was as if they were looking at the ceiling on purpose to not see that you needed their attention. I also felt like part of  a factory assembly line the was I was brought in, food delivered quick and back out the door. 
I feel like this could be the snobbiest review I've written but I'm having a hard time re-phrasing. I've settled on two stars because honestly if you asked me about this place, I really would say "Meh. I've experienced better Italian in Philly."Tonight we attempted to have dinner here and it was one of the worst meals I have had In Philadelphia. We were a party of six and when we arrived the hostess simply pointed her thumb to the back of the restaurant where our 4 other friends had been seated. The salad speciial was prosciutto wrapped around string beans with Gorgonzola cheese. Sounds good, taste was ok, but the prosciutto was gray. It was downhill from there. I ordered the fish of the day, cod, could not eat it. It had the texture of grits without any flavor. They took it back and I ordered the pasta special shell fish over pasta. They forgot to cook the pasta, it had no flavor and I picked at the seafood and left the pasta. It gets worse. As a party of 6 they added a gratuity, 20%, ok a little higher than the 18% that is the normal tip for larger parties,however, the 20% was applied to dinner and the tax total, OUTRAGEOUS. Three couples and each used a credit card to pay the bill; I was informed they could only accept 2 cards, with a little persuasion on my part they took all three. Never, ever have a meal at this place.I have been to La Viola a handful of times.  I think it's a Center City go-to for Italian BYOB's, but you should know what to expect ahead of time.
I came here for restaurant week. It was one of the more affordable places on the list, seeing alcohol wouldn't be pumping up our bill, but I ended up feeling like I spent more for restaurant week than I would have if I went and had a normal meal here. Granted, it was a four course meal, but even if I'd have ordered an appetizer and an entree, it still would have been less.
I felt like the presentation was a little sloppy. The arugula salad with tomato and feta looked like something I'd throw together at home. I ordered the grilled calamari as my appetizer, which tasted like rubber. I've had it here before and enjoyed it, but on a crowded Friday night during restaurant week, it felt rushed. The Lobster Ravioli was delicious, as we're the mussels that my dining partner ordered. 
The tiramisu dessert can only be described as fabulous.  La Viola is always a safe bet for dinner; I wouldn't come back here for restaurant week, but I'll certainly be back on a normal night.Great fancy BYOB place for a date. I ordered the Veal Marsala and was pleased with it. Restaurant can accommodate larger parties with a reservation. Only 3 stars because I think it's a little pricy for the quality, and it feels over crowded.Lobster Raviolis are Awesome, this restaurant is super small it is hard to move around, but it is kinda cool you can make a new friend at the next table.  We had a group of 5 people and it was fine,  all left FULL  and BUZZED (BYOB)  Id say it was a good experience.Super cute decor, super average food, pretty over-priced. The gnocchi was dry and flavorless, and the starter mozzarella dish was bland. Probably will not be coming back.Food is great, service is quick, location is excellent, BYOB, cheap prices. What more could you ask for?My husband and I have been eating here for ten years. The food, service and quality has remained consistent. It's always fabulous foodie pleasure eating here.I went here last night with a friend, and while the food was decent, the service was absolutely abysmal. As soon as we were seated, a waiter began hovering over us and immediately read us the specials without letting us consider the menu first. Then, another waiter threw down the bread and oil, while another waiter came to take our order. We had very little time to think and get settled. We brought our own white wine, and when we asked for it to be chilled, we were given dirty looks. Although they obliged, they kept trying to get it out of the wine cooler. I would understand this if it were a busy night where others were requesting space in the wine cooler, but the restaurant was nearly deserted (for a good reason). It felt like we were being rushed out the whole time. The food service was quite quick, but that led me to question how fresh it actually was. When we asked for the dessert menu, we never got it. Consider Giorgio on Pine if you want a better meal and to be treated like a paying customer.I came to Philadelphia on a work trip so I was traveling alone. My last night here I decided to try La Viola because of the great reviews. I stood in a line for 20-30 minutes before they finally told me that I should leave because they couldn't accommodate a table for one. I tried the other location and received the same response. Very disappointing not to mention rude.I was here last night with my family! I loved the food and the staff is really friendly and very helpful! The bread and olive oil we got upon arrival was spectacular!  I had the pasta special and I cant even describe how good that was! I also had the Dark Side of the Moon, the chocolate cake but I also tried the Tiramisu that my dad got! They were both amazing! This was not my first time at La Viola, we love coming here! We will definitely be back soon!Haven't been here a few years, but it was good then and still gets a 5 star rating. We were a group of 6. We were seated in the newer downstairs room, which was nicely designed. Fortunately the room was only 1/2 full, otherwise I could understand how it might be very loud if packed.
Anyway, the service was near perfect - attentive, pleasant, and efficient. Everything we ordered was delicious. And the prices are very reasonable for a fine Italian byob - most apps. are under $10 and entrees are $16 to $19.
The ownership/management is definitely on the ball - no one stays in business for 10 years and continually expands, unless they doing things right. Very impressive!La Viola Ovest, right across the street from La Viola, basically one and the same. I don't really get why the 2nd location is so close to the first, but it's OK, b/c it works. While South Philly is normally where I go for my Italian, this place could fit right in. Understated, the restaurant itself is simple, and lets the food do the talking. I had the fusilli pasta with sausage and it did not disappoint. I also had an asparagus salad to start with prosciutto which was simple and delicious. Overall very happy with the meal. Plus I love BYOs.Such good food!! Gnocci is to die for. Wish I lived in Phili so I could come here more often! I was only visiting Philidelphia for a couple days, but my friend and I ate dinner here, and we're still talking about how amazing the food was. It is BYOB so don't forget like we did :)Came here for dinner for my friend's bachelorette. We were seated in the basement section, which had a loud and lively atmosphere. I ordered the pollo limone, which tasted pretty good, slightly disappointed that there were only two shrimp that came with the chicken. The food is on the saltier side. I would definitely come back here again for a group dinner. We had a group of 9 girls and each paid 30 dollars including tip.I've been here before and always enjoyed my experience, but I went here with a bachelorette party this past weekend and was compelled to review. These people know how to handle groups! They informed me upon making the reservation that we would have two hours for dinner, since we were a larger group. They didn't pressure us to leave earlier and let us sit and drink our wine for 30 minutes after we had finished our meal. The service was wonderful. We got our food fast and it was delish. They were also open to making changes to dishes and dealt with several dietary restrictions. Can't wait to go back. :)The food was actually great! And it came out quickly despite the business of the restaurant. Waiters were very attentive. Very pleased with the dining experience.A solid choice for a BYO Italian. Somewhat old-school menu, but excellently executed and reasonably priced. Attentive service in a semi-formal old row home in center city. They have two rooms with a patio. Menu items are heavy on the seafood and veal, with additional vegetarian, chicken and pork options. Their mussels in white wine sauce is worth the visit alone.Really solid. We were seated promptly, got a little bit of grief for how much wine we brought, and tucked in. It was a little loud and raucous, but we were a little loud and raucous so it worked out fine. I was dying for pesto, and though there was none on the menu, they offered to make some special - on the gnocchi it was delicious! Good times. I'll definitely be back.I will NEVER go back. Went here last night for my birthday dinner with my family, we were a party of 8. I could only talk to my boyfriend sitting next to me and my cousin sitting across from me because it was so incredibly loud in there! There was a party of 10 behind us and a party of 20 beside us. The volume of the place put a huge damper on the entire night. I wasn't able to even move down the table occasionally to talk to my parents because the place is so small, they really cram you in.
Recommendation for the restaurant: put some foam in a picture frame like Green Eggs does to absorb the sound 
I ordered the special which was Mahi Mahi... It was eatable. Gave my leftovers to my boyfriend, but after 2 bites, he pushed it away even though normally he's a garbage disposal. 
La Viola gets 2 stars instead of 1 because the waitstaff is very good and attentive. Also, the mussels in white wine were delicious. 
Overall, a very disappointing experience after reading such great reviews. Did I mention I will never go back?Came here for a friends birthday and this place can definitely fit up to 50-60 people downstairs.  I've been to this place a few times and first time reviewing it.  It's a nice place BYOB without a corking fee and it's pretty inexpensive. 
We recently came back from Italy and have been on a search to find meals close to what we ate on our trip.  We ordrered:
- Zuppetta Di Cozze - mussels in white wine sauce.  Flavor was good, but the sauce was a little watery.  
- Mozzarella Al Basilico - fresh mozzarella - very good starter 
- Risotto Al Gamberi - it was okay - wasn't too special and slightly bland.  
- Ravioli Alla Viola - good - cooked al dente and the vodka sauce was tasty
Overall, I wasn't too impressed with the flavors, but good deal and great for large groups.Great restaurant that is a BYO and reasonably priced. I ordered the lemon chicken which was fantastic. I'm not a big pasta person but everyone in my party enjoyed their dishes. The staff was really attentive and friendly. Take note that they only take a maximum of two credit cards per party. Sadly our party of ten was unaware - good thing for venmo.This is a great BYO to go to with friends. Good prices, good quantities, and a little something for everyone. We always get the mushroom appetizer, and I follow it with more mushrooms in the whole wheat pasta with mushrooms. The pasta is always cooked al dente, and sauced well. 
The bread could be a little better, the tables a little further apart, and the waiters not quite so intent on getting you out of there to see the next guests, but all-in-all, a great place to eat with some comforting Italian food.Too many other great restaurants in the area to waste your time here. The food was mediocre, the staff rushed us and the noise level was ear splitting. A group of eight, we came here to enjoy each other's company and have a good meal. They sat us in the basement, which was nicely decorated and pretty cool. There was only one other table of people at the time. Those guys couldn't hold a conversation at a normal volume, sounding like they were at a football game. I couldn't even understand the poor waiter as he announced the specials. We ordered appetizers, which came quickly. Unfortunately (for us), no sooner had the appetizers arrived they brought out our salads.  There wasn't even room for everything on the table. Once the salads were finished they brought out a side of pasta that one of us had ordered. It was meant to be with the entree, but instead came at least 5 minutes before they arrived. Finally, the noisy group left and we thought the atmosphere was about to calm down. WRONG!  In walks a party group yelling "dude" and "bro". The noise level quickly shot up even louder. We quickly finished our meals and asked for the check. As a routine, our group normally splits the checks evenly, tossing in one credit card per couple.  Not here - they impose a limit of two credit cards per table. I've never experienced that before - not in the US, nor Mexico, Europe, Turkey, etc.  DON'T GO HERE. You will be disappointed.La Viola Ovest was a great find. We had a large party on a busy Saturday night and everyone had a great time. The food was amazing, good prices, and the service was great. I'll definitely be back!Waited an hour and a half for my chicken pomodoro .  Once it came out at 10pm the side of "vegetables" was replaced with some unappetizing shredded cabbage and a small portion of what I think was green mashed potatoes. 
They were apologetic and gave some ice cream but still unacceptable. If you can't put everything on a plate that the menu says will be on it and serve it an hour later than it should have, you have a lot of nerve to not offer the food at discount.I was torn about what score to give to La Viola Ovest. I had made a very large reservation (party of 18) during a busy weekend. I made the dinner reservation for 8:30, knowing that it would be rude to reserve a table for 18 during the dinner rush hour. When we arrived at the restaurant, there was a huge crowd of people waiting around, some with reservations and some without. I knew the weekend was going to be busy, but was still surprised to see such a large crowd waiting to be seated. I squeezed past the crowd and tried to check in for our reservation. Long story short, we were told that our table was being cleared and that we would be seated immediately for more than 20 minutes. Clearly, that was not the truth, and they were actually waiting for a table to free up. We continued to wait and check in, but were told the same thing each time. Finally, we thought we were being shown to our table, but instead, were told to wait again in a basement waiting area instead of the outside waiting area. We waited here for another 20 minutes, at least. By the time we were finally seated, it was close to 9:30. I was very very displeased with the service and the way they handled things. La Viola Ovest is not a new restaurant- they should have experience handling situations like this. When I make a reservation for 8:30, I expect to be seated within 10 minutes. Not within an hour. 
The food was great. We ordered off the prix fixe menu. The portions were small, though. The main reason I decided on La Viola was because of the BYOB policy. After moving away from Philly, I really missed the BYOB sans corking fee that Philly is known for. La Viola would be a great place for a date. At the same time, if you have a large party, they have a whole basement dining area, which we shared with 2 other large parties.
Because the food didn't blow my mind, I don't think I'll be returning because of the terrible way we were treated that night. I really hope La Viola gets it together and figures out a way to handle situations like this in the future.We hosted Stop #1 here for a bachelorette party recently.  I cannot believe how delicious the food was.  We opted for the prix fixe menu for our party of fifteen and the options were excellent. Everyone was sharing their food because it was tough to choose just one option.  I had the salmon, which was so juicy and seasoned to perfection.  I also tasted the lobster ravioli and loved the sauce.  This place is BYOB so we had plenty of wine and champagne, and they chilled all of our whites and champagnes for us. The atmosphere was really nice but it was a bit loud.  I guess that's what you should expect in a party room with three large parties of women chattering, eh?  :)  The wait staff were very attentive and friendly.  We were the last to leave and we never felt rushed.  Keep in mind that there's a cutting fee if you bring your own cake but not if you bring cupcakes.  Great times, great food!Reasonable stand by place. La Viola across the street has the same food, but much smaller. Both locations have great service and good fresh Italian food at decent prices.My husband and I have been eating here for ten years. The food, service and quality has remained consistent. It's always fabulous foodie pleasure eating here.You have to admire a restaurant that is so good, they have to build another one right across the street. La Viola Ovest is just as good as the original, but with more room. I've gone for many a group dinner here and they handled the large number with no problems, even when that group included a two year old who just wanted to eat the bread. They also have a few vegan and gluten free items on the menu. 
The prices are great (still cash only) and the servings are well sized. For weekends or groups, you probably need a reservation, but during the week its not too tough to get a table.We had the pleasure of dining at LaViola last week.....we were looking for a venue for a wedding rehearsal dinner in January. Our 1st and last contact was with Sid, whom I believe is the manager. Sid was very personable and extremely helpful. THEN came our apps and main entrees.....the mussels in white wine sauce were excellent as were the mushrooms and buffalo mozzarella. Our entrees,  veal  medallions topped with lump crab, veal medallions stuffed with spinach, smoked ham and fontina cheese with a rose' sauce were excellent! Finish that off with homemade Tiramisu and I can say we had one of the best meals ever!
The staff is friendly and attentive......we will be eating there again in January for my son's Wedding Rehearsal Dinner,,,,,,and hopefully before that. .....thank you Sid and the staff of LaViola for making our choice easy!came here with a huge group so they had a lot of waiters serving us but it was quite chaotic lol got some salmon thing and it was nicely flavored so I appreciated that but being in an underground room was kinda weird because I like seeing windows when I eatHad a great meal here with 5 other wonderful women. Had the Linguini with seafood in a white wine sauce and lemon sorbet for dessert.  Would have liked a little more attention from the servers but the food and company made up for it.Exceptional meal at a reasonable price.
Thank you, Yelp, for helping me find this gem. 
The very attentive staff made us feel welcome and catered to from the moment we walked in the door. I had the pollo pommodoro which was was fried just right to achieve the perfect balance of juiciness and flavor. My friend had the gnocchi which were likewise delicious. We closed out the meal with a shared slice of cheesecake. All tolled, the final bill came to $50 and it was worth every penny.Wow!  What a great BYOB.  The food was amazing and extremely well priced.  We couldn't believe the total on the check when we got it.  I would have easily paid twice the amount for the quality meal I enjoyed.  The only complaint (if you can call it that) is the cramped seating.  
However, I'd be willing to suffer through awkward conversation with strangers in close quarters for La Viola's cooking.2 stars for great service and my fantastic bottle of wine. We came for restaurant week and the food was just simply not good. My antipasto still makes me cringe when I think about it. Looked like cheap sliced deli meat swimming in olive oil on a plate. My dates cheesecake was one of the worst I ever had. My chocolate cake and pasta with cream and bacon was decent, but that's about it. Food was edible, but not good. There is barely any decor, no music, and no reason to go back since there's so many better byobs in the city.Like the other reviews say, this place is really small.  And yes they take reservations, but you will probably still have to wait for a little bit before you're table is ready.
But the food is amazing, and it's byob.  All the pasta is homemade and absolutely delicious.  We went Saturday night with a party of four and had to wait about a half an hour even though we had a reservation.  Two of us got pasta, one got fish and one had a salad.  Everyone said their meal was awesome.
For desert we all split a piece of the cannoli cake.  Definitely save room for dessert, it was so good.  Everyone agreed it was the best part of the meal.  
Overall we had a great experience there.  The waiters and busboys were very attentive, the food was great and you can't beat the prices.  Although it is cash only.  I would definitely go back, but maybe this time during the week.Really want to give this place 3 1/2 stars.  It was better than mediocre, but not excellent.  The service was very friendly and didn't bat an eye at the 9 bottles of wine my group of 12 brought in.  The food was pretty decent.  Calamari is not fried which I am I huge fan of.  My pasta with sausage and asparagus tasted very chicken-brothy, which was tasty but not altogether creative. 
We were seated in the basement and it was unbelievably loud. Borderline raucous. I think it was the combination of the low ceilings and rowdy groups that made it this way. It served my group's purposes fine as everyone was in a festive mood, but I would have been seriously annoyed if I had been with a smaller group. As it was, I found it annoying to shout to the person sitting next to me to be heard. The place could have broken up the big groups a bit so as not to create such an environment. 
In any event, had a decent time with good food. I'd go back but maybe request to sit upstairs instead.La Viola Ovest is one of my favorite restaurants in the city because the food is fresh and the price is reasonable.  I happen to like West better than the original La Viola because it is more spacious and I don't have to worry about being too loud or practically sitting bumper to bumper with other patrons. I usually order one of their pasta specials because they never disappoint.  Last night I had a fresh curried linguine with shrimp and vegetables that was out of this world.  
ONE ISSUE- the CHARGE FOR CAKE CUTTING for SURVIVING CANCER.  Thumbs down and one less star for being so rude.  I can understand charging a cutting fee for birthday cake, but I bought a cake for the two ladies I was with (one of whom was wearing a wig, an the other, hair that was just growing in) which said "Fu$k Cancer". BOOOOO.Great service but the pasta I had was honestly ok. It's a large space though and BYOB is definitely a plus for big group gatherings.I came here recently for my boyfriend's surprise birthday party. We had a reservation for 13, and the staff was very nice and accommodating in giving us a table around a corner in a not-too-loud area of the first floor dining room. 
Food: 4 stars overall - I was torn between the lobster ravioli and the orecchiette alla viola. I ended up going with the orecchiette and really enjoyed it. My boyfriend had the tagliatelle al salmone. The combination of salmon and a tomato-based sauce was a bit strange, but overall, it was pretty good. I got a sense that everyone at the table enjoyed their food. Though it appears that the dishes are not made with fresh, homemade pasta, they seem to be doing a decent job with the sauces. 
Service: 3 stars overall - BYO wine service was pretty good. We brought in a lot of Italian wine, which complemented nicely with the food. They chilled some of our white wines. Food service was decent too, though maybe a bit inexperienced, but not too noticeably so. Our main server was prompt, the food arrived within reasonable time for our party size, and they offered pepper and parmesan to the table shortly after the food arrived. 
The service would have gotten 4 stars if it weren't for the $3 per person plating fee for the cake (I think maybe a flat fee of about $25 would be more reasonable) and the 2-credit card max per table. No one had told us about this ahead of time. Most of us paid in cash, and we had included about $10 in tips on top of the automatic gratuity (something like 18-20%) - only to get our check back saying they could not process the 5 credit cards we had. Given that our check was nearly $300 and we had tipped over 20%, we felt like they could probably afford to swipe 5 credit cards (it usually costs businesses 5-10 cents per credit card swipe). 
Overall: 3.5 stars (leaning more towards 3) - good food, reasonable prices, BYOB, and accommodating of large parties with advanced reservations. Just beware of the 2-card limit and cake plating fee.4 words: do not go here.
Not good, over priced, awful atmosphere, terrible waiter's attitude.This place is so good!!!
Went to dinner with my boyfriend and it was nasty weather [thank god I live right down the street so it was a short walk]. The staff is very friendly and inviting. They offered us to check our coats if we wanted, but we opted not too. 
The waiters were all very attentive, helpful and friendly (and most of them spoke Italian, so that's a plus right?) Our waiter was the cutest little Italian man. He was so nice and seemed so into the food items, it was absolutely adorable. I just wanted to adopt him and take him home.
Anyway, we got the grilled calamari [FRUTTI DI MARE ALLA GRIGLIA] for an appetizer -- it was really good! Tasted super fresh and authentic, mind you, this is NOT your American/Italian breaded and fried calamari, so keep that in mind! This calamari grilled and just barely charred, and it also came with shrimp, all in a lemon juice, garlic peppered olive oil. For my entree, I ordered the Tagliatelle al salmone, which was cooked in a pink cognac sauce -- this was amazing and really filling! My boyfriend ordered the Ravioli Alla Viola (Lobster ravioli) -- it was 5 decently large ravioli in a pink vodka sauce. He said it was really good and you could tell the ravioli were freshly made, but he wished there were more than 5 ravioli. 
For dessert, we ordered their Tiramisu, and it was awesome!! It was really moist and light, a great way to end our dinner.
***FYI -- this restaurant is BYOB, so bring your own booze!I'm an even bigger fan of La Viola after dining there with 8 girlfriends for a birthday celebration on a Tuesday at 8pm. I had the Penne AL' Oriolo, essentially penne alla vodka and it was fantastic. The sauce was creamy and flavorful and portion size was just right to fill me up without leftovers. Sometimes Italian places give you huge portions and lessen quality, that is not the case at La Viola. We all very much enjoyed our food and even though we were the last people in the restaurant at 10:15pm, we were not rushed at all. Great food, staff, and service!I thought this place was just ok.
Good place for large groups - they were able to accommodate a 60-person dinner, and provided a pre-fixe menu with about 5 options each for first and main course ($30/person, tax/tip included). That alone was great for a restaurant to do.
The food itself was...just ok. Not a fan of the salad or the gnocchi. The portions also seemed weird to me - the salmon was HUGE but the gnocchi was tiny. The place is also extremely loud and the waitstaff confused some orders. 
Decent prices and food as well as BYO, but not sure I'd make it out again.This was my third time at this restaurant, and definitely the last. We came here as a group of 8 people, and we felt like the waiters were trying to get us out of there as quickly as possible. Service was not friendly, they asked us to hurry up and had another party stand and hover over us while we were still finishing our dessert. We were treated with a bad attitude and dirty looks the entire dinner.
As for the food, I was again disappointed. I ordered a dish described as veal medallions, but instead I received a large, dry, flattened slice of veal that came out over a plate of gooey mashed potatoes and a tiny sprinkling of crab meat on top.While the food was delicious, the service was horrible. I arrived for a surprise birthday dinner and was directed to take the stairs to the basement through what appeared to be a server's section, which confused me a bit. I turned to ensure I was going the right way and the greeter was gone. I found my way to the basement and was immediately confused. There was no direction, so I followed a long corridor to the dining area. After seating myself and having small talk, the guest of honor arrived. We waited another 2 long hours before the staff took our orders. Then, we waited another 45 minutes or so to have the food. Our party was large so we asked (before ordering our food) if the bill could be split to which they rejected. We asked how many cards could be taken, to our surprise and annoyance, the response was two per table. (What they meant was two per party.) After eating, our friend was surprised with a birthday cake that another friend purchased elsewhere. As we were finishing up, I, seated and angled perfectly witnessed kitchen staff eating a piece of my friend's cake. I mentioned it to others and at least three of us witnessed it. We approached management but they denied the incident and refused to give us the owner's name. The last straw was when we received the bill. Although it was itemized, it was HAND WRITTEN, rather poorly. The only positive thing about the evening was the food. But, I will add, my friend wanted spaghetti and meatballs which they don't have. She was quite shocked. Overall worst experience for a down town Philadelphia restaurant. I will NOT be returning.Came here for a birthday get together on Saturday and I must say this place is really good. Loved the ambiance of the restaurant, and the food came in good time and didn't have to wait to long. I tried every dish that  everyone  had got and they were amazing but my two favorite dishes here were the pasta special which had a beet pasta with shrimp and veal and everything complemented well with every bite you take, and my other favorite was the lobster ravioli was really good and I absolutely loved the lobster as it complemented well with the sauce and cheese.This is a really good BYOB restaurant in the city for large groups they are accomodating for last minute reservations. They have two rooms one upstairs and one downstairs in the basement and they are both nicely decorated. The prices are a little more afforable than other italian BYOBs around that area. I ordered the salmon and it was very flavorfull and the dessert i got was tiramisu ans that was delicious as well. I would come back here!La Viola at 253 16th opened a replica across the street just before Christmas 2006 called La Viola Ovest.  The restaurant smelled like new paint!  And, the waiters were handsome Italians : )
The food was good, I got the special soup - a tomato/mushroom puree - and the crab meat salad.  My friends got the spinach gnocchi which tasted great.  The servings are reasonable and the bread is fresh and warm.
This one is BYOB as well, and those cute waiters will make sure you enjoy everything you bring!Had last minute change of plans so was looking for a BYOB restaurant and decided to give this place a try. The atmosphere was really good, dimmed lights, good art work, great location for a first or second date. Restaurant had good portions at a reasonable price, the seafood in particular was really good. We also got dessert and it tasted either store bought or a bit stale, either way it wasn't the best option, next time I would opt for the homemade tiramisu. The waitstaff was attentive in the beginning but started to slack a little towards the end but to be fair it was getting late. I think the guy going around refilling water was new because at one point he switched our water glasses and also accidentally stepped on my toe. Overall it's a decent option if you are looking for byob.La Viola is one of my favorite date-night restaurants in Philly. It is a reasonably-priced and delicious BYOB with options for everyone. They also have a wonderful Valentine's Day price fixe menu, which is hard to find for a night where most restaurants jack up the prices. They have two locations right across the street from each other to accommodate how busy they get. I would highly recommend going here either on a date, with friends, or with family - it really is appropriate for any occasion!Our group of 10 had the BEST time at La Viola last night for a bachelorette party!!
We were seated in what I've been affectionally referring to as the "dungeon" because it was windowless and looked like a cave. It ended up being that there were two other bachelorette parties and one bachelor party seated down there with us. There was also some type of baby celebration as well. 
The food was great. Since we had a large group we had a limited menu to choose from, but that was OK. I ended up getting the Buffalo mozzarella and tomato salad as well as the orecchiette with sausage and chicken. Both dishes were excellent. The one thing that I didn't like, though, was the Caesar salad. I tried some of my sister's and it tasted like straight up fish. Not anchovies, not garlic, but fishy fish. It was odd. Everyone agreed. That was really the only negative thing I have to say, though.
The desserts were good - I tried the tiramisu, tartufo, and chocolate cake. All three were pretty decadent and large sized. 
The final bill was a bit pricey for a BYO ($65.00 per person, with tip), but what are ya gonna do?
What I really loved about our dinner was how fun the entire group of people seated in the dungeon was. All of the tables were laughing together and giving toasts and sharing drinks. Even the wait staff was entertained. At one point there was even a "USA!" chant going on.
At some point later in the night I think the baby celebration table got annoyed with us, so we ended up leaving to continue our fun night. Way to be party poopers!!
Anyway, it may have been that the people down there with us were really what made this an awesome night, but whatever. Props to La Viola for facilitating a fun atmosphere for all of us!Talk about value! The menu contains lots of delicious entrees and the specials are even better, but yet the prices are still reasonable AND they're BYOB. We loved it!La Viola is a decent place to get food, but there are so many other Italian BYOBs in Philly and this one is not my favorite.
The service was very good. We actually went to the wrong one first (there are two- one across the street from the other). We got there in a downpour and the guy at the first one was kind enough to hunt down an umbrella to get us across the street without getting too wet. I thought that was pretty sweet.
Well we had a big group (11 I think?) and had originally had reservations. They could not find our reservations when we got there, which ended up not being a big deal because they had the room. If they had been busy though, it would have been disastrous. It's not easy to find a back up for a group that big.
I had the mushroom appetizer and the gnocchi for my main. Both were good, but nothing super special. Dessert was very good though. We had a bunch at the table and I tried a bite of a few which were all very tasty.
This place is also super cheap. Someone said in a previous review that it's like a beginner BYOB. I can definitely see that. The food is familiar and inexpensive. Nothing to wow me but I left satisfied.If you want a fun, loud, affordable place with just-above-average food where no one will judge you for bringing as many bottles of wine are there are people, then you should definitely come here. 
I went with a group for a birthday. A party of 7, we were awkwardly sat at the front of the restaurant with two small round tables pushed together. It's hardly fine dining, but they give you a bread basket and bring the food out promptly, which is important, right? . I shared the spinach and ricotta gnocchi (but tasted no ricotta), and the chicken picatta (yummy, and came with a vegetable), which was a smart decision to get a good carb + protein combo. 
I tasted my friend's tiramisu, which was fluffy and rich and would highly recommend over pretty much anything on the menu. 
I know there are better Italian BYOs in the area...I'll try those before heading back to La Viola (Ovest or no Ovest).Average. Went last night with a party of 8. Sat downstairs.  Very loud but I didn't mind that.  Food quality was average.  Waiters messed up wife's order twice.  Charged $9 for side of pasta instead of mashed potatoes and vegetables.  $9?  Really!?  Mashed potatoes that came with the dishes were barely visible. 
Used to love it here.  Seems like they've slipped.  Nothing to write home about.This was such an excellent experience! I made a reservation the day of for dinner at 7:30 and they accommodated easily. The service was amazingly friendly and had a spark of humor. Additionally, all of the staff members were very efficient and on top of any orders or requests. The food, though, was the highlight. I ordered the gnocchi and it was by far the best I've had. A friend of mine, who grew up in a traditional Italian family, raved about the gnocchi as well. This is a great BYO spot! Highly recommend to all.Came here for a restaurant week dinner with a large group. 
Ordered Caesar Salad / Grilled shrimp and calamari and arctic char (fish of the day). Overall it was a lovely meal! Of course BYOB is always a bonus. 
Made a terrible decision not ordering dessert and only had a couple spoons of others. Can't remember the exact name and don't see it on the menu - it was a very good ice cream dessert (waiter recommended) 
Highly recommend this place for a large group outing or a date spot!This place is really great for groups. It is loud, it is noisy, people bring over sized bottles of wine, I even saw a table with a bottle of vodka once. The staff gets it, and are there to serve you quick and let you have fun. Food is always consistent, pretty good for hearty home-style Italian. Great for a laid back, fun night when you just want to get it done. No frills.Any review of this restaurant with less than 5 stars would be ridiculous, because the positives overpower any possible negative you could imagine. This restaurant is a 10 star experience, it goes well above 5 stars. 
Tried La Viola on Saturday night. Granted, it was mobbed with people. The room was deafening and yes.. the restaurant only accepts cash. These are the only 2 negatives I could find. We head North [ not South ] from there.
Tried the Lobster Ravioli... for the fucks sakes, wow.. what a delicious meal. The flavors were amazing. Ugh... a food orgasm experience. The pink vodka sauce was amazing, I had to get the bread out to dip. Had a salmon salad at the end of my meal, which was delicious. Plenty of fresh greens, with salmon and capers. Ugh. Wow. What a delicious place to eat. 
It would take an army brigade to prevent me from going back here. Absolutely unreal. The prices? $45.00 for 2 people? Are you serious? Fuck. Reminds me of the good old days of the 1980's and early 1990's where you actually got something for your money with good quality as well. I've been to Italy, and none of the restaurants there match La Viola.Visited Philly this weekend for the first time, read lots of great reviews on La Viola and I must say this place was delicious.  I am from NYC and eat out all the time and this place is up there with NYC Italian restaurants.  We had the lobster ravioli which was awesome!! and the chicken rolatini with smoked ham and fontina cheese....also delicious....you will not be dissapointed with this place if you are looking for good italian food..if you want a quiet romantic dinner eat at home!!..ohh and we were amazed at how low priced all the dishes were!!....cant wait to go back...enjoY!Recently with a huge group of 40. Excellent food, amazing service! I had the lobster ravioli and caesar salad- both amazing. Great place for groups as the food didn't take long at all and everything was delicious and warm!Fantastic time. It's not a quiet, atmosphere-y date place for first dates, more of a bustling Italian bistro with awesome food good for groups, couple dates, etc. 
The orecchiette with chicken and sauage - absolutely unstoppable. The salmon is fantastic too. From the deliciousness of the breadth of things we tried here, I would try anything on their menu. But it'll be hard not to order the orecchiette again.This place is absolutely amazing. I made a last min reservations for a party of 12 & was immediately accommodated. The staff was friendly & very attentive. They kept the restaurant open an hour late for me & my guest, even made speciality dishes. I would recommend this place to anyone! Great treasure, i will deff go back.Whoa!  I went here for restaurant week with a party of 16 people.  Their back room is great to accommodate large parties and the wait staff was extremely competent.  The restaurant menu options were vast and included a four course meal.  This was impressive being that most of the restaurants only include three courses.  I assumed that all of the portions would be tastings - - - but boy was I wrong.  Each one of the courses that they brought out was significant in size and all equally delicious.  With 16 people having four courses each there was 64 chances to screw something up and I did not hear a single person at the table complain.  The waiters timed bringing out all four of everyone's entrees seamlessly.  The waiters that work here have the air of "career waiters" i.e., serving at La Viola is not their way of paying their college tuition to get another job, so with that they take their jobs seriously.  Everything that I had was delightful and I had the pleasure of trying several things on the table - - I started with a Cesar salad that was fresh and crisp and served with ice cold lettuce which I love.  For my second course I had mussels in white sauce, for my third course I had the veal with crabmeat and for the final course I had a raspberry sorbet that was delightful.  I would have to reach for a negative here - but the only one I could come up with is the environment of the back room is a bit sterile.  It may serve them well to turn up the music or something.  Bravo La Viola.This was definitely my favourite Italian restaurant in the city for the past 1.5 years. Until two nights ago when I got food poisoning! My guest was fine even though we had the same dishes but I must have eaten a bad shrimp or calamari piece.
Unfortunately this experience has saddened me as I love la Viola!Would have been a great dinner, if not for the service! We were there Saturday, had reservations for four at 8pm. We were sat at a dirty table, wine stains and crumbs all over the table cloth. It took them 10 minutes to stop by and fix it. Then our waiter had to be asked 3 times to open our bottles of wine (pretty important for a BYO I'd say) and forgot my Dad's soda twice. Food was excellent and priced well - the calamari appetizer was delicious and tender, as was the veal. House made pastas were sticky and stuck in large clumps though. It took 25 minutes, after asking, to get our check. We were sat for over 2 and a half hours because of how poor the service was. Not worth coming back to, since there are other great BYOs in the city that can handle  some volume on a Saturday night.I was totally expecting mediocre "banquet food" for the large prix fixe dinner at a recent holiday party I attended in the basement of the restaurant, but it was definitely way better than that.  I was pleasantly surprised with the quality, taste, and presentation of all of the courses.  
The dungeon basement is more than accommodating for large parties or even several large parties.  Our party probably had around 35 - 40 people in it and there were 3-4 other large parties in the room as well.  The service was quick and friendly.  The price wasn't bad at all for all that you receive.  They have plenty of vegetarian options for all courses.  I would definitely recommend this place for group celebrations.I don't think I had the proper La Viola Experience. But then again, for they place they are, they should be able to whip out a pasta dish left and right no matter what. 
Me and the sister ended up here last evening for dinner, she has been here before, and my first time. I was outrageously hungry and just wanted a mouthful of goodness. Did not care about salads, antipasti or anything else, I meant business and I wanted warm pasta. My sister ordered the Gnocchi Al Fileto Di Pomodoro and I the Farfalle with Shrimps in Pesto Sauce. The Gnocchi was soft and perfectly bite sized and soft and buttery and simply wonderful! But that was not my dish. My Farfalle was al dente to the point I felt like It was from yesterday, and could not soak up any of the wonderful pesto sauce in the bottom of the plate. I was just really disappointed, not at La Viola personally, but I was starving and when this girl is starving, she will cry if the food isn't good. 
Also, finding out that it was cash-only at the end of the meal was kind of weird. Not sure why they don't take card, it would be wonderful if they did. My sister had to run to the bank to get more ash out, since we don't really ever carry cash. 
Our servers were very attentive and always around for whatever we needed, one of them even cracked a cute line of sarcasm. I always welcome sarcasm, good ones! I am telling myself they are better than my Farfalle that went wrong, I would go back but just wouldn't order that particular dish. Lovely outdoor seating across from Monk's too.Three of us went on President's Day and then I had a seizure later that night.  They must've done something right.Came here about a month ago on a Friday night. The place was not busy at all...which to me usually says something about it. The food was ok, definitely just traditional Italian. There was nothing really inventive about it; but even with that, it was not  memorable traditional Italian either. The decor is very plain and standard. The best part was defintely the service, very attentitive and knowledable.I was in Philadelphia for a wedding, which is taking place at the Down Town Club. However, the rehearsal dinner was at La Viola Ovest. 
The rehearsal dinner was located in one of their private rooms, which held up to 60 people. I felt a little cramped at times, but the decor was very nice.
The menus that were provided to us seemed to be limited because we were a rehearsal dinner, but the food items that were provided were nice. Before we ordered the table was given a few baskets of bread. 
I ended up getting the mussels in white sauce for my appetizer and the chicken Marsala for my entree. 
The mussels came out in a fairly quick amount of time and were nicely plated in the white sauce, which I requested. The mussels were not too chewy and had a bit of creamy taste to it. 
My chicken Marsala was also very good. It was plated beautifully with two pieces of marinated and moist, flavorful chicken topped off with a couple of fresh vegetables and two pieces of shrimp. It also came with a side of mashed potatoes.
Finally, for the dessert I got the Over-the-moon chocolate cake and ended up having some of the cannoli cake as well. The Over-the-moon chocolate cake was moist and nicely layered, but I wish the cake part itself had a bit more flavor. However, the cannoli cake was spectacular. The vanilla cake was moist and full of flavor while the vanilla layering with chocolate chips was creamy and flavorful. I also loved the little cannoli on top!
I also saw the downstairs private seating area at La Viola Ovest, which could fit up to 100 people and had a TV. 
Altogether, I had a nice time at the rehearsal dinner at La Viola Ovest. The food was absolutely spectacular and it served as a great start to the wedding weekend.The food isn't spectacular. I had their pollo fantina and it did not taste fresh and was boring. I had a bight of their tiramisu and that was delicious. 
 I am picky Italian eater and I prefer Spasso's, on Front Street in Old City or  L'Angolo in South Philly on Porter St. 
L'Angolo is BYOB and serves the best Italian food I have ever had.
I thought the service was not detailed oriented via the bussers and hostess but our waiter was very kind.