Loved the comfy couches. Coffee and chai were good. Out of the 3 baristas working here, two were really friendly, and one seemed a bit pissed to be here, not sure why.
Anyhow. I waited here a few hours until my car was being worked on.
The atmosphere was great.
Getting 4 instead of 5 stars bc it wasn't spotless, and the coffee / tea wasn't mind blowingly amazing but I would recommend bc of the comfy couches, free wifi and atmosphere!I really enjoyed the feeling while having my coffee at La Va Cafe with my boyfriend. It was really peaceful. I liked the decoration too. 
The macchiato and Danish that I had were good but not incredible.I just moved in nearby so my friends and I stopped in La Va for a mid-moving rest/lunch,  We were a little disappointed but not entirely let down.  The place itself has a good vibe so I'd consider going back to hang out with a coffee.  
We ordered sandwiches because we were starving after moving all morning.  The menu looked great but unfortunately everything I tried to order they "didn't have on sundays".  The staff wasn't very helpful in explaining what they were serving and couldn't suggest suitable alternatives.  Both my friend and I got the mozzarella panini.  It wasn't made the way it was described on the menu and neither of them were hot (or even warm).  
I can't speak to how the drinks were but my friends seemed to enjoy their coffee drinks.  I'd be willing to give this place another try, probably not on a Sunday though.Ok, so they have good food and some really great coffee. And sometimes you get to sit on the sofa and it makes you feel like you're at Central Perk. But the place is filthy. Everywhere. I don't think they have ever swept the floors. Ever. Makes you wonder how clean the coffee making machines and utensils are too. Just saying.This is my first review so bear with me please.
I am writing this review as i sit at La Va and generally speaking I am enjoying my time here. I am currently a resident of Chicago but am out in Philadelphia visiting some friends and La Va is probably cooler than any cafe I have been to thus far in Chicago, but mind you I have not been to many. The coffee is delicious and my friend informs me that the hot chocolate is just as good. I have also been told that the bagel and hummus, and croissant's are delicious. 
But as far as the quality of the coffee goes, I would give it two thumbs up. 
The ambiance is nice, there is plenty of seating and it seems that I have yet to walk into La Va without it being packed with people, which is a good and bad thing. Besides plenty of tables to sit at there are also comfy antique couches which add to the ambiance. 
The reason I have given La Va a four of of five is because that even though everything is delicious and the ambiance is great, it is really nothing new. It is what is to be expected from a "coffee shop" in a big city. Everything is in it's place; apple laptops, trendy baristas, indie rock in the background, comfy chairs and attractive pastries, but there is nothing to write home about besides it's ability to fulfill and potentially exceed one's expectations for a coffee shop.Worthless. They turn off the WiFi on Sundays!  Now I have a drink and can't get any work done.La Vi Vi is a good go to spot for the coffee, but the food is overpriced and i can make a better breakfast for sure.  i go here to get my coffee and it is quaint that you can sit outside with the niece if necessary.Love this place for either a quick cuppa on the go, or to sit and spend time hanging with friends over extended conversation. It's a cozy atmosphere with a very welcoming staff!Molten hot coffee
Surfing a sea of laptops
Dogs, dads and strollers
La.Va is one of those places I love and loathe at the same time. More on that momentarily.
Generally I'm a huge fan of La.Va. It's close to my apartment (two blocks), and a large coffee comes in at an even $2. I buy coffee often, and I cringe every time something is run up at $1.97 or something ridiculous. It's nice knowing that I'm not going to be walking around with a pocket full of change. The opening staff is super friendly most of the time, and if you're looking for a peaceful early morning haunt to read the paper before work, this is it. There's a $10 minimum on credit cards; I just get a gift card with a couple weeks worth of funds on it and call it a day.
The food is decent, with a few selections of sandwiches and heavier dinner items. It's a strange menu for a coffee shop, but there's definitely something to eat if you're hungry, and if you eat in you'll get a salad and some pickles on the side for naught but a smile.
It would be great if they had a larger selection of baked goods, perhaps a danish other than apple, but the I suspect I would always go back to the chocolate croissant anyway. Their bagels are great, and the bacon egg and cheese is kind of the best thing on the menu. Huge slab of ham, lots of egg with the cheese stuffed inside. I don't get it often enough and am hungry thinking about it.
The loathing aspect? There are approximately  20 tables in the whole place, covered by a grand total of two outlets, and no power strips or other accommodations. Maybe it's smart business (when the laptop juice runs out, you should probably leave anyway,) but it's annoying if you want to get on the comp and can't grab a plug. Accompanied with this is the almost non-existence of available seating anytime from 2 pm to close  (at 9.) The laptop surfers descend in droves and are relentless in their occupation of every habitable surface.
This is such a nitpicky complaint but such a regular occurrence that it's annoying: their to-go cups leak. Not from the bottom, but the lid and top have some sort of mis-connect and the lid leaks by the seam every single time. To be quite honest it's the chief annoyance of my morning.Decent coffee shop in Graduate Hospital area, which has a dearth of coffee places. Decent cup of iced coffee, although a little pricey at $2.50 for a quite small glass. Weekday morning saw lots of people working on notebooks since they do offer free wi-fi during the week (turned off sat and sun during the day to prevent people from lounging all day on their computers). Friendly staff. Iced coffee was sufficiently strong, although not a fantastic brew -- much improved with milk however. La Va also has a nice selection of sandwiches - made to order and a small selection of breakfast pastries. Seating both inside and along the sidewalk. Worth a stop if you're in the neighborhood, but not necessary to go out of your way to get here.This place is one of my all time favorite coffee shops. It's relaxing, quaint, and beautifully designed. I'd highly recommend it if you want to have a cup of coffee or stay the day studying.Yet another place Nearby me. La.va Cafe has been in this location for ten years. It is a cafe with a swift of Israeli feel. A cafe that what it should be not a Starbucks or dunkin donuts.  They are reasonable and an average latte is near five dollars. Food is tasty and not overly priced in anyway possible. I recommend  this place to anyone.Oh LaVa! This quaint little neighborhood cafe is just the bees knees. The food is pretty good, the prices are very fair, and the help is just great! A cute little barista made me latte, and it was darn good! I love the comfy decor and the owner is such a sweetheart. In my book of cutie pie cafes Lava gets a 10 out of 10!I live half a block from here and for some reason, never stopped in. A day off from work, extreme hunger due to lack of food in my apartment, and convenience I decided to stop in for a sandwich.
I ordered the turkey panini to go (smoked turkey, provolone cheese, roasted peppers, spinach, mustard and mayo) and waited for it. I got home, and though it was good size for the price- however, the center of the panini was cold which made it not as good as it could have been.
Considering the over abundance of sandwich places within a 5 block radius , not sure if i'll stop by to give them another shot. But who knows, a rainy day and hunger might change my mind.This is a review for DINNER, as I've never been for coffee (I'm cheap and tend to only drink my own home-brewed coffee.)
My sister and I were planning to go to Roberto's around the corner, but they had a wait, and we were starving, so decided to finally give the La Va weekend BYO dinner a try.  The atmosphere of the cafe works fine for an evening dinner...cozy with warm lighting.
I ordered a sausage dish that came on a hot pan, and my sister had chicken and vegetables.  We also ordered a few cold appetizers, which were reasonably priced and very tasty (grape leaves and a tomato dish, the name of which I've forgotten.)  Bread was warm off the panini press.  My sausage was tasty and spicy, but the pan it was served in was of the cheap non-stick variety, which is a little odd/bad when I'm going to be using a metal fork and knife to eat out of it...cast iron or clay would be more appropriate.  The portion size was nice, as well.  My sister's chicken was flavorful and  well-cooked.  We definitely enjoyed our food.
The main reason for only giving 3 stars is the service.  It was inattentive at best, and it was not at all busy when we were there.  The waitress was generally nowhere to be seen, or in a place behind the coffee bar where we couldn't get her attention.  There wasn't really any "how's your meal; can I get you anything else, etc." happening at all, either.  Bringing the service quality up will make this a much better dining experience, since the food is quite good!Definitely a traditional, pricy Rittenhouse cafè. Their lavender syrup is lovely. (I recommend asking for any drink with half of the syrup in order to get the flavor but avoid some of the sugar). My soy lavender iced latte (with half syrup) was delicious, so I went back. I ordered their Turkish coffee, which by most standards was pretty bad. It was missing the spices that are signature of Turkish coffee (namely cardamom), and they treated it like conventional instant coffee (i.e. they poured a full mug of hot water with the grinds, which inevitably overflowed and spilled down the sides of the mug). It was just not an enjoyable drink. Turkish coffee ought to be something one can enjoy in smaller doses -- less is truly more in that case. I hope that they will step up their Turkish coffee game, since the fact that they offer it is relatively unique -- I just want it to be a great drink.This cafe looks very nice from the outside and the interior is nice too.
I was pleasantly surprised by how good the bagel breakfast sandwich was. Very filling and felt healthy. 
Latte was also quite good, but the tea selection is lousy.The coolest part of La Va is their Israeli brunch specialties.  Every Saturday, they offer the Jachnoon (pastry with side of boiled egg and tomato sauce), which supposedly takes 12 hours to cook.  Other Israeli specialties include the Buraka (snake-shaped pastry with variety of fillings) and Shakshuka (poached egg in spicy tomato sauce).  Other than that, the cafe is mediocre.  They don't like people planting themselves with laptops for too long, the bathrooms aren't very clean, and the furniture is kind of dingy.  Nontheless, its worth it for trying Israeli specialties during a Saturday brunch, especially if the weather is nice and you can get a spot outside.I love LaVa! It has basically become my second office. They have free wifi, which is great (although it can be hard to find an open outlet sometimes). The food is delicious - I recommend the shakshuka or the burekas. They have $1.25 refills on hot and iced coffee, which is great if you're staying there a while. They also offer a discount for members of City Fitness.The service is terrible. My late was cold and tasted like milk, before having to pay for an extra shot to make it taste like real coffee, I asked if they could work it up, they said; "I can not put it back in the machine because it already has your germs" so they offered to work it up in the microwave!!!! Really, coffee shop? in microwave?? So I said that she should make another one, wormer, and she said; no, as I said, I can put it in the microwave.
Avoid this place if you are looking for a tasty and peaceful breakfast.This place was great!  Free refills on coffee.   Young professionals go and work on their laptops there.  It's great to do some work there and enjoy the atmosphere.  I will be trying the pastries next...I like La Va for its vintage, laid back atmosphere and tasty treats. Coffee prices are a little on the high end, but I am supposing this is more to cater to the newly gentrified surrounding areas than the regular South Street indie crowd. My husband can't get enough of the Dark Side of the Moon chocolate cake, but I personally am more into the coffee and atmosphere than the chocolaty treats.
LaVa sits at a location still close enough to the small businesses of the area but far away enough that it's not filled with tourists with loud children. I typically see lots of people doing work on their laptops, although I hear they boot you out after a certain amount of modem time, which in a way is both fair and messed up at the same time. 
In general, though, they have a decent selection of food and pasties to tide you over and they're only the second coffee shop I've been in that serves Turkish coffee. So needless to say I'm sold.La Va is having an identity crisis
WHY they would ever think that starting up their "late night table service" was a good idea is beyond me...   One of the main things I loved about this place is that it's open late (10pm) and other coffeeshops nearby usually aren't. I live around the block, so I've seen it full in there even late at night... especially since the Penn bus and SEPTA bus stops right outside.  Now, 5:30pm and later thursday through saturday there are lights dimmed, candles on all the tables, and a new mediterranean dinner menu. I can understand a willingness to try a new thing, and I appreciate their bravery in that respect, I just don't see a need for it in that location and, so far, I don't see clientele for it either...  whenever I walk by now at night it's pretty empty in there.  They are right across from a bar/restaurant, right next to a very nice little BYOB restaurant. I don't know.. I just feel like if you're a cafe, you should stay that way.   I want my late night espresso and I don't want to now have to sit down and tip a server to get it. 
Off to Good Karma I go (also open late)! Sorry La Va...    I still hold strong my belief that you make the best chai lattes, though. You just can't satisfy my late night cravings anymore and I have to take away a star for that.Skip the food & stick to the coffee. Great space for reading and working. Paninis are pre-made &
 are too expensive for the quality. Panera does a better job. We had the mozzarella & tomato panini, it was cool on the inside, not as gooey as it should be.I was killing time around 21st and South last night (a neighborhood I don't often find myself in) and I chose La Va because it was open past 7pm. There was no one in there that late so it was nice and quiet for some reading.
When I walked up to the register, I found out they were out of bagels (I mean, it was 7pm so I don't blame 'em). I told the barista that I was just in the mood to munch on something so she gave me several suggestions which I appreciated and decided to get a mushroom & onion bureka which I had never had before. 
While I waited for her to heat it up I lounged in some seriously cool chairs in the corner and sipped on my iced coffee (which I think was La Colombe so it was good) and read. When the bureka was ready, she brought it over to me which was super nice. She was basically super nice the entire time. 
Overall, nice quiet option for a little coffee & reading on a nice little corner that's also good for some people watching.La.Va. What can I say about you?  You're hot! You have multiple personalities. During the day this is a coffee shop. On Thursday, Friday and Saturday, after 5:30 this place turns into a cafe. With menu items ranging from braised salmon with spiced carrot and bell pepper & golden raisin couscous ($16) to marinated beef short ribs with roasted fingerling potatoes, oyster mushrooms & tomato chutney ($18) the menu selection is relatively small, yet at the same time extensive in that it includes white fish, salmon, red meat, white meat and pasta. 
The space is small, albeit cozy and inviting, which made for an interesting time for us as we were sitting pretty close to a group of young professionals from Jersey, we learned about "spway" tans and putting people in their place. 
Erin was our server, did an awesome job, and poured our BYO wines while imparting knowledge about the food to us. 
We were given babaganoush, hummus, roasted red peppers and Bulgarian Feta cheese compliments of the chef. These were excellent, especially the feta cheese. Rich, satisfying and appetite inducing. 
I selected the pan roasted Branzino fillet  (white fish) with lentil rice pilaf and pepper relish ($17). The fish was amazing. Flaky, with crunchy skin but at the same time it had the perfect amount of moisture to it. 
I can't say enough about this place. Awesome food, friendly waitstaff and because it's BYO, there was no outrageously priced wine, so the bill was reasonable. They have dessert too. 
Check this place out ASAP.I like this place--it's growing on me.  Beautiful decor, sort of antique-ish.  They serve a wide variety of foods, including breakfast (most of the day) and sandwiches and quiches.  The tomato basil soup was great, and so is the lemonade (I'm pretty sure it's free of corn syrup!)  They have free internet if you purchase something, but are strict about "no internet" during the day on weekends, and can be kind of touchy about seating.  
The customers are a mix of locals, students, and a couple of "grown-ups."  They prefer cash; you must spend $10 to use a debit/credit card.  They're only open till 9pm, though, which is why I often choose the Good Karma instead, since they're open until 10pm.Cute atmosphere but the BLT sandwich was extremely bland and almost nothing on it. The cappuccino was practically just  foam with a splash of espressoGreat cappuccino and other espresso based drinks.  Plus good salads, hummus and snack-y foods.
Free wifi and comfy, homey seating.  Cute barristas (male & female) and well poured shots of eeeeeeeeeee.
Comfortable homey environment.  Beats the hell outta fourbucks.
I'm a fan!Looking for an expresso and a cosy place without Starbuck ' logos everywhere? Nice coffee and nice location in a walkable area.I went here for the first time last week, and it was pretty much exactly what I expected.The guy at the register seemed to have nothing but disdain for me, and the coffee was kind of bad, but at least it's not as expensive as ocf.When La.Va first opened on the corner, I have to admit that I felt like the heavens were parting and delivering a ray of sunshine on angel's wings.  Living very close by, the very presence of La.Va really felt like it transformed my corner of the city from a blank, quasi-gentrifying wasteland, into a real community.
Perhaps over stated, but I stand by it.  La.Va has been just about the biggest single improvement to the neighborhood since it opened and it really has become a place at which people stop being adjacently domiciled and start becoming neighbors.
All the same, my near-daily frequenting of La.Va a few years back has transitioned to my maybe having gone in once this year.   Why?  I think it just doesn't seem to have a soul.  
The few novel Israeli items are fun, but much of the israeli food-stuff is sourced from Cafe Ole--another Israeli-owned cafe which also seems to have contracts with most of the cafes in CC and the surrounding area.   So it's not really too unique.  The coffee is okay.  It's LaColombe, which is a great standard.  But it's also pretty much the standard of half the cafes in the city and not particularly well-served at La.Va.   Similarly, the decor is a sort of a strange middle-ground between bohemian kitch (Victorian couches), and upscale cafe (the really comfy wooden chairs).  It always feels a little gloomy in the day (compared to, say, Java Co on 2nd and Christian), but way too bright at night.  It's not really fast or sleek enough to be a fun take-out spot (such as Ant's Pants), but it's not really accommodating enough to encourage lingering.
I truly have a great affection for the owners and am so grateful that it simply exists, but I really wish they would breath a little new life in the place.  It just seems like the passion that was once there has faded.Sometimes I don't feel Caucasian enough to visit places like this--I'm also not a big coffee person.  However, this is a block from my house.  They also sell Israeli Ice Cream.    I've been going a lot lately and everyone is friendly and it's affordable.  Unfortunately, I can't tell you about coffee quality because I don't give a crap.I love La Va!  Hands down one of the tastiest & casual places on South Street.
I've had breakfast, lunch, and dinner at this joint and I have NO complaints at all!  
Breakfast was a huge tasty omlette one an equally huge bagel!  Not sure where they get their bagels, but they're large and in charge.  I had the israeli salad on the side and it was a perfect accompaniment to my breakfast sandwich!
Lunch I just had yesterday and it was perfect.  Sat outside with a friend and had a cup of coffee & the Hummus platter.  The hummus, pita, salad, and grape leaves tasted really fresh.  I was full beyond belief.  When I plugged my calories in for the meal, it wasn't bad either.  About 400 calories!  Win!  I love that they have real spoons to use when you're mixing in the fixings to your coffee/tea.  Very snazzy and it feels like you're at home!
They are now offering dinner on Thurs, Fri, and Sat.  Service was delightful and the food had a great Mediterranean vibe.  It was very affordable and tasty.  I think it's a BYOB also, so that's always great!
Without a doubt, La Va  is my new favorite neighborhood place!As a professional photographer who relies on meeting clients outside of my place of business I find La Va Cafe to be one of the friendliest. The staff is helpful, generous, and nice. The coffee is stellar as is the food.  Weekends are crazy crowded but as long as I get here 30 minutes before my clients a table large enough for my group always opens up.  I always tip the baristas for being so accommodating to my circumstances.Well you know how cafes are. Some are strictly coffee shops. Some are eateries. Some have couches. Some do not. Some are hipstery. Some are bougie. But essentially all cafes can be judged on 3 things: coffee, atmosphere, and the presence of wi-fi. 
So let me begin with the obvious. Yes, they have wi-fi. I didn't use it but they have it. From what I understand, it's not timed. So YAY, PRODUCTIVITY!!!!
B) The coffee was good. Not great. But good. I'd get a coffee here again. 
3) The atmosphere is conducive to meeting up for a chat or for getting work DONE!! I found the volume of the space to be fairly low, as nearly every person in the place was busy on their laptops, peeping over the edge of their screen every so often, taking a sip of their coffee and reverting back to their business. There were a couple groups of people quietly talking of steamy beverages, but most people were focused on their computers. I think the tables are spaced pretty tightly but I found it to be an optimal meeting space, with bright lighting and a nourishing, warm vibe. The couches looked comfy and the option of table space is nice. 
It's a cafe so I'm not here to write about HOW MINDBLOWING THIS PLACE IS....as it's not like it's a cafe with a Cirque Du Soleil show in progress as you sip on a latte with a sparkler in it. But for a cafe, it's certainly a nice one. If I lived in the area, it would certainly serve its function as a nice chill place to work, or read, or meet with decent coffee and a lovely change of scenery from my normal workspace. 
I like it. That's all there is to it.Do you like bagels dripping with organic crunchy peanut butter and ooey gooey jam? WHAT AM I SAYING OF COURSE YOU DO. Get thee to La Va.
Seriously good stuff. I'm not much of a coffee drinker, so sorry to be unhelpful that department. What I can tell you is that Brian (hi Brian!) makes a mean PB&J bagel and pours a thirst-quenching OJ faster than you can say LAVA! (I pronounce it LA-va rather than la-VA, which is just more fun that way).
Loved this neighborhood, and this cafe in particular. Tell Brian I said hi.La va is a great place to sit and do work while enjoying a nice cup of coffee. They have excellent wi fi and the cafe is set up nicely and usually accessible to a power outlet if you need one. The people who go there are generally polite - no one talks too loud (generally) and people are nice about not taking loud phone calls inside. The staff are mostly courteous although I did have one girl roll her eyes at me once for not finishing my food (when I made a substitution that was a poor choice on my part). The Israeli food and coffee is good. Hard to find a coffee shop with good ways that you can hang out in around the area. Tip: not the best place to bring a stroller (I've seen some struggling moms) trying to maneuver a place to sit.Wonderful little neighborhood coffee shop.  I have yet to try the food, but I would love to if it worked out.  The coffee / espresso is delicious and not overpriced.  
I do have to recommend the Vanilla Chai though- it's spectacular.  
They have plenty of space inside and out to sit and study or just relax.  I was using LaVa as a study break from my house for a little while and always felt very comfortable.  They have a water cooler which is nice too.  Baristas are very sweet.
A little note that made me like this place even more is that although they have a $10 minimum for payments made by CC- they suggested I get a $10 gift card and use it so I'll have a "free" coffee next time I come in.  I'm not sure why other places with minimums don't suggest this as well!  It worked for me :)Not only was the bagel sandwich stale and lacked flavor, the service was also poor. The servers were rude and inpatient, they rushed us as we looked over the menu. Considering it was our first time we wanted to take a look at the menu and they gave us less than 2 minutes and rushed us to order. I guess we would have overlooked it if the food was good, but it was horrible. Not coming back.If you come here for one thing, get the swiss and mushroom quiche. The israeli foods, like the bourekas, are a nice treat. Overall, the coffee is standard but the tea selection is great. The barista was very friendly and offered to let me sample drinks before committing. Unfortunately, La Va isn't the greatest coffee shop for studying because there are VERY few outlets and the internet is flakey. However, if you're just coming here to catch up with a friend over a drink there are several big comfy couches that look oh-so inviting.Let's just get this out of the way: I don't carry cash for anything but flea markets. So I'm not a big fan of credit card minimums, but the awesome problem solvers at La Va Cafe have found a loophole! You can buy a gift card with your credit card so you don't feel obligated to buy more food to meet the minimum. And since I come here whenever I have class at Loop or Spool down the street, I will definitely use it. 
Aside from that, I love that they have loose-leaf tea. I love that they have VIOLET loose-leaf tea. I love that their seating area appears to be a direct replica of Central Perk. I love that you can usually still get a seat in said seating area even during peak hours. The pastries aren't bad but the egg sandwiches are better.this is a great place to hang out with friends (on one of their 'comfy' couches) or  study (at one of their scattered tables). they make good sandwiches and serve la colombe coffee. play $3 for an ice coffee (after tipping) is a bit much for me, but if i am going to sit here for a couple of hours, it is totally worth it.Enjoy the coffee, vibe, and friendly service, regularly.  Need to try some of the food specialties. Nice selection of pastries. 
Hope they bring the coffee club back. 
Love being able to bring dog in while ordering.I have been to La Va numerous times and think this last time was enough for me. I just don't think it is set up for someone who wants to work a few hours away from home. 
I understand the concept of flipping tables or not wanting people to linger, but it is a coffee house, and since there is a $10 minimum on credit, I just put the rest on a gift card (not something they suggested, something I heard from someone else one day, I use to just buy over $10 worth of food each time) I don't think wanting to be able to sit is a bad thing. 
I sat on a couch waiting for a table to open next to an outlet and the only one open was a four top. A mom came in with a husband and two kids and told me she needed the table and would only be a half hour. The couch I was sitting on was taken, so I sit at one of those middle two tops waiting and doing what? No thanks. Kids were running around and one came up and started coughing on me. I don't hate kids, but staff need to find a delicate way to tell parents that I hate kids.
I can look over the BLT I could make better at home, the salad with too much dressing and the spending of over $10 each time I am there, but the layout, the rushed feeling and the crowdedness I don't think I can deal with anymore. Or just the space set up to where being a single patron isn't look as down upon as dinner at my Aunt's house.
Fortunately, my boyfriend writes there sometimes, so the gift card won't go to waste.The La Va panini (tuna with hot sauce) is quite good, but the coffee is pretty terrible. The space is always jam-packed and isn't really conducive to a productive afternoon. Worst of all, though, are the blank-faced, seemingly disdainful baristas. Some of the male baristas are perfectly nice, but the female baristas (and I hate saying this about my fellow females, believe me) - watch out, you will get ATTITUDE.I've been coming here a few times a week for the past few weeks. The atmosphere is chill and is very conducive for a casual date or a study session. Their coffee here is very good (I don't know much about coffee) by my standards. They have pretty bomb breakfast food and their homemade hot sauce is pretty tasty to boot. Only con is that power outlets are at a premium... a majority of my trips have been study related and charging my phone can be a challenge. Overall, this is my staple neighborhood coffe joint!La Va is just a little too inconsistent for me.
A lot of the times, I LOVE it here.  The coffee is solid, the treats are delish, and the atmosphere is adorable.  
However, sometimes they miss big.  Whenever I order iced tea, it is definitely weak.  Also, I hate flavor change ups--when people love something, they want to see it all the time.  Additionally, the bagels are less than excellent, which is to be expected in Philly, but embarrassing for a coffee house.
Lastly, I hate this new little formal dining thing they're doing.  If it works for them, then that's awesome.  But IMO, it would be best reserved for Fridays and Saturdays.  This is one of the most enjoyable coffee shops at which to do work in G-Ho, and for some people, Thursdays are for working, not dining.I came here on a whim with my sister to find a cozy place to sit while filling out my applications. Hungry, I ordered a sandwich to go with my vanilla coffee and boy was I in for a surprise. I never thought I'd find spinach on a sandwich to be fantastic, especially when served as a panini. There was a mistake made but was quickly fixed along with a free coffee on my next visit. 
I'm normally one of those chicks who slide through Starbucks and think 'welp, that's coffee'. I can truly say coming here has changed my perception of what a coffee shop is. I'm definitely going to go back if I'm ever in the neighborhood again.Even though the food is over priced I have been a loyal customer here since they opened because of the frequent customer punch card they had.  A few weeks ago I tried to use my punch cards for the three free coffees and one sandwich that I earned.  To my surprise they would not keep their end of the deal because the program was canceled a couple of days before I went in for a coffee and sandwich.  After discussing my loyalty and all the times since they opened I came in and also brought many other people in to eat/drink there, the owner and managers still insisted that I was not getting what I earned for being a loyal customer.  It seems odd that they would prefer to lose me as a customer as well of my guests over a coffee and a sandwich?  They have already lost more business from the three times I have stopped in so far.  
Their unappreciative attitude has led me to boycott them and never stop again.  There are many other choices in the neighborhood that COST LESS and hopefully appreciate their customers more.LaVa is my neighborhood cafe. That's why it's easy to go there for a cup of coffee or a surge of internet when mine craps out on me.
Yesterday's latte was served to me in what looked like a small bowl. The drink was entirely flavorless, and cost me almost $4 (I know, I know, typical price). 
HOWEVER, I had a Mediterranean hummus plate for about $7, which was bitchin'. Pita, cucumber salad, stuffed grape leaves and so much hummus I took it home and it lasted me the rest of the week. Seriously. The amount they give you is almost equal to a small store bought container (only this is homemade!)
They offer day-old pastries for half off, which came in handy the other day. Out of bread and dying for a good old breakfast sandwich, I ran to La Va and picked up a croissant. Sliced it in half and put it on the grill pan, which revived its staleness. Yum.
Good to know: you have to ask for the wireless password, which I"m pretty sure they change everyday.The grilled cheese sandwich w/ tomatoes is awesome. They use some sort of hot chutney that thrills my Indian taste buds to the max.Good coffee. great pastries, best bagels and a terrific breakfast sandwich with turkey bacon.  My friends from Israel were very impressed that the staff speaks Hebrew! La Va Cafe took an abandoned old corner in my neighborhood and turned it into a beautiful cafe that has helped transform South Street West.  Recently I met a friend there who asked if he could afford lunch because it looks so pretty - he ended up paying for lunch.  The art shows are always interesting with a young spirit.Location is really convenient for people living in grad hospital to stop by for some caffeine and a bite. Offers more than your usual cafe, with a more ethnic spin. My favorite pastry are the savory burekos. Coffee is decent too. Cozy workspaces.Nice and cozy interior, and it usually doesn't get too loud unless it's super busy. The coffee is a bit more acidic for my tastes, but I enjoy the chai lattes. The pastries and bagels are also pretty good. My only complaint is that their items are a little overpriced, in my opinion.Was hoping for more of an Israeli touch and menu but still good and a close feeling to home cooking by my parents and my friends parents. Would go back for sure when in the area and walking by. Good coffeeNice little cafe that seems to be always full of people! I decided to go in there to get some pastries and coffee for some friends who came over to stay. I ended up racking up a bill of 30 bucks for 5 pastries. I will say that they had a savory pastry that reminded me of croissant with cheese and spinach but not really (i forgot the name) is really good. We all loved that pastry but it's quite expensive...I also got some croissants and cinnamon bun which  were good but nothing to really write home about...overall, their food is good but i'm not sure if it was worth the 30 dollars of pastries that I spent. Their coffee is also good when I got their pumpkin pie latte but I felt that there was barely any coffee flavor in there - just a lot of pumpkin pie flavor which was a bit disappointing. Overall, OK place - will come here for coffee but not so much for their pastries unless I can't find any other place.La Va is a great little neighborhood cafe.  Naturally, it has the typical selection of caffeinated beverages.  I've tried only a few and they've been fine.  But better yet, aside from the expected minor menagerie of pastries (which I haven't tried), they have tasty hot food options.  My favorites, so far, as the jachnoon (available Saturdays only) and the burekas (with egg).
La Va has a nice range of seating options (I know, not something you usually think about, until you go there).  There are outdoors chairs and tables for enjoying the occasionally nice Philly weather.  Inside, there are small tables, medium tables, and a variety of comfy sofas.  Their operating hours are pretty good, prices reasonable, and staff generally friendly and competent.I really want this place to be great - it just isn't. I live about a block from LaVa and have a serious obsession with coffee (one of the only excuses to really live, if you ask me) but LaVa is just mediocre. The cappucinos are ok and the coffee is fine just nothing is worth choosing this coffee spot over the abundance of others in the city. The few times I have tried food it has been horrid. I don't know if maybe I am just getting the burekas on a bad day or the quiche a day late but I have never walked away satisfied with the food. All in all, this is a good spot to meet a friend for a coffee or grab a quick cap to go. In my opinion, for what it's worth, it's worthwhile to find another spot you may be happier with. The barristers, on average, are pretty nice and the service is always good so they at least have that going for them! Oh and FYI they have a credit card minimum that exceeds the average purchase so bring cash!Excellent ginger tea varieties. If I lived in the area we would make this place a frequent stop for coffee and tea.Very cozy and quiet little cafe on South St on a weekday. Something very charming about the sometimes mismatched chairs and Victorian sofas. It really felt like tea time at an antique store. Solid cup of chai tea latte.One of my first stops since moving to Philadelphia.  Wonderful cafe, warm and inviting environment - delicious food! Great coffee.A nice local coffee & eatery. Slightly price. Free Internet is a nice touch.Good coffee...complete with silly coffee sleeves (Twix ads?). 
They make a mean egg sandwich...it's an omelet folded up. Mmmm substantial.
One time I ate there they used terribly out of season tomatoes...which is not okay, thus no 5 stars.yelp book club ROCKS!! for one, it's introduced me to some great books (and yelp friends!) that i may not have otherwise been inspired to read on my own. and two, with our ever-changing location, i've had the opportunity to venture in to a couple places off my beaten path.
last nite's meet-up to discuss 'a confederacy of dunces' landed our small group in graduate hospital's la va cafe. it's a neighborhood i don't often find myself in, but la va is reason enough to come back. to be fair, all that i sampled on this particular evening was a delicious peppermint latte. tho pricey ($4+), it is on par with the similar beverage at starbucks, only this one was served in a real mug (to-go cups are, of course, also available) with the added bonus of a lovely leaf design in the foam. little touches like that make me smile.
some other book clubbers nibbled on tasty looking brownies and danishes, but i was, pathetically, so busy trying to finish up the last 20 pages that food wasn't exactly my priority. when i come back, i might just have to get myself a bowl of soup, which, according to their menu, varies daily but is ALWAYS VEGETARIAN. ooooo-weeee! whoa!
the cafe is large (esp for a non-chain), well lit and conducive to most anything one would want to do in such a space. while our chatty book club dominated the couch corner on this winter wednesday nite, la va was boppin - with a menagerie of people (ie, no hipster haven here!) reading, studying, drawing, conversing, eating... this was not a library-esque setting where you felt like silence was golden. those who wanted their peace plugged in their headphones, and the rest of us enjoyed the good tunes playing in the background.I come here often to do work and it's easy to order something because they have juice, gf bagels, eggs, hummus, cucumber and tomato salad. Very easygoing atmosphere especially in the mornings. Includes couches and little sofa arrangements if you just feel like talking, not working.
Sometimes they spray Windex on the tables while you're eating and that doesn't taste so great. Maybe they could spray the rags before coming out to the tables?The quiche here is amazing, so if you stop by for anything, make it that.
I enjoy La Va because it's in my neighborhood and it's a nice place to chill out and read for a few hours.  Most of the time, people are doing the same - either reading/working and the place is generally quiet with some light background music.
It's cash only, which I find somewhat annoying, especially when I just want to sit down and read with a coffee, but all I have is my debit card.  However, most places in the area are cash only, so maybe I should just learn to carry a few bucks around.I was surprised to see that this place didn't have more 5 star reviews. Solid local joint. Nothing fancy but sometimes that's good. I come here to study a bunch. Always a solid choice.A super cool great place to enjoy brunch! I even rented the place out for,a special event! Support this neighborhood treasure!Simple delicious! Will be back! Suggestion the staff need to smile more! Love the tunes playing!La Va is a pretty good place to hang out & possibly get some work done.  There's a nice couch that's great to kick back on.  The hours aren't that great, though -- they seem to close up for dinner pretty early.  They serve substantial food, too, if you need sustenance.  Good if you're in the area.I frequent this cafe at least once a week. The staff and environment makes everyone feel comfortable. From the option of comfy chairs and couches, to tables to get work done at, it's the perfect cafe environment to chill out. I always get an iced soy latte, and it never disappoints. The food is always delicious and never takes too long to come out. I've had the shakshuka, hummus platter, hummus bagel, and Israeli salad. All of these dishes were very filling and very tasty.I met a literary friend for coffee here, to catch up. We haven't discussed books, etc. in a long time. It was a wintery afternoon, and after my long walk from the east side of South to the west, I was frickin' freezing and ready for something hot! On walking in, I couldn't find a seat, and people were crowded into every corner. It was a nice mix of conversationalists and people using computers and studying. You wouldn't get stared at for talking. Found a seat on the sofa by a nice guy who let me squeeze in, and soon after, we had a table. And soon after that, I had the most beautiful latte I've ever seen. It was really very pretty, and I wish I had a pic to share with you. Great afternoon!
How charming!My girlfriend and I moved into the Grad Hospital area several months ago and LaVa immediately became our new coffee shop. What we didn't expect was for it to also become one of our favorite lunch and dinner spots too! To start with, the coffee is fantastic (La Colombe) and the service is great. I particularly enjoy the iced coffee and more often than not, the iced red-eye, as it isn't bitter and tastes great! I also really like that you can order larger sizes and the prices are reasonable. As far as the food goes - it's fantastic! Israeli influenced and consistently great! My favorite dish is the Pargiyot, which is grilled chicken that just tastes great with rice, hummus, and a little salad of cucumbers.  My girlfriend and I often say we are just so happy to have LaVa in our neighborhood!At first I wasn't sure if I would like La Va. But it has definitely won me over with its eclectic charm, friendly staff and most of all its consistently good coffee, chai tea and tasty food. I especially love the spiced chai and much to my surprise so does my "I don't like coffee or coffee shops" fiance. It's just that good. They also have great breakfast treats, like chocolate croissants and cream cheese pumpkin muffins and those super yummy spinach bureka's. This is especially nice since the Graduate Hospital 'hood doesn't have a lot of decent breakfast spots. The only thing I will say is that they should ask repeat customers to use the little La Va card they have on the counter. If you have one, they don't ask you for it and they don't offer it regularly to new people. I guess it's up to us to get our own discounts! Besides that La Va rocks.La Va is a great little neighborhood spot with comfy couches and lots of tables to sit at.  The couches have large tables with magazines on them.  Decor is pretty in that old world kinda way.
I have been here several times for coffee, they have La Colombe so I know what to expect.  Today I tried the Mexican Spiced Mocha, which is still to this day one of my favorite froo-froo coffee drinks.  I tried it over ice and it was delicious.
When I was a kid visiting Germany, I used to order the Wienersnitzel even though I didn't even really know what it was.  All I knew is it was tasty and had a cool name.  For my first time since Germany (like 15 years!) I saw Snitzel in the States, at La Va.  They had two options, a platter or a sandwich.  I opted for the sandwich, which had garlic ranch, feta, spinach and the beloved breaded chicken from my childhood.  It was pressed on a paninni grill and served with a mediterranean salad of cucumbers, tomatoes, lettuce, olives, and a light vinaigrette.  Perfect lunch and a relaxing atmosphere to enjoy it in.My husband and I stopped by for a morning coffee with our dog.  We both had iced coffee (standard taste). We shared a savory crepe that was a bit over priced. The bacon was over cooked too.  
You can choose to sit inside (the decor is quite nice) or you can sit outside (but beware-it sits next to an abandoned house.)
Overall, I will go back for some coffee early in the AM. I may try a sweet crepe next time we visit.  The cashier bussed our table, gave our dog a water bowl, and was pleasant enough for me to give this place another try :)This is basically a coffeehouse because their food selection wasn't as great, especially since Honey's is right across the street from this place. 
I tried their Spanish omelet over a bagel, which is decent, not the greatest I've had. Surprisingly I had not had their coffee yet, because I actually stopped at a Starbucks before the drive.  But they have a good selection to choose from and I have heard/read many good reviews about their coffee.
Their service and hospitality were not the greatest but they are very quick with sending out the food.  It definitely looks like a place you can sit down to read a book while sipping on a cup of coffee. 
I would come back to try an item from their coffee selection.  I would suggest to go elsewhere for food, probably across the street to Honey's.Not being a coffee drinker, I tend not to frequent coffee shops for anything other than the atmosphere, and the atmosphere at La Va is spot on. It's cozy and welcoming but still slightly swanky (for a coffee shop anyway). The staff is just hip enough to still provide good service and my hot chocolate was delish. It was a good place to study on my way from a film fest flick to a party in the G Ho area. If I lived in this neck of the woods I'd probably spend a fair amount of time here.After finding a sign posted on the door at Buttercup and a line nearly out the door at Ants Pants, La Va looked especially welcoming following our trek through the snowy (read: ice-covered and sometimes treacherous) streets. Finding an empty table at 11:30 on a Saturday and breakfast for two served within minutes for under $15? Awesome when you're starving. Right on the cusp between Rittenhouse and Graduate Hospital, this place is just hipster/yuppified enough, both cozy and cool.
We settled on bagel breakfast sandwiches and coffee and were happy with the results-- doughy everything bagels with plenty of onion and sesame seeds, melty cheese and omelette-style eggs. They offer plenty of variety at La Va, with options like turkey bacon and greek-style eggs with spinach and feta. My boyfriend went for the pesto. The regular coffee was good, but I was super-psyched for my mochacchino, rich and chocolatey with a swirly heart on top.
I was surprised to see that at least half of the people taking up tables were hard at work, but most seemed respectful of the carefully scotch-taped signs on every table, asking patrons to kindly vacate their tables after half an hour of "studying" during peak hours. Though my laptop and I don't generally take part in cafe business ventures, La Va seems like a great place to get some writing done, and the music was chill. As far as art and atmosphere go,I want to use the word "urban-outfitters-esque"... I hear there's also a well-stocked book and game shelf near the back.
I'm still thinking about that chocolate croissant that i was eyeballing, so I'm sure I'll be back...