The service was extraordinary good I felt like a king the food was good I went there for brunch they has endless choices to choose from . They even have caviar which was delicious and they have omlette station. Your server will bring your omlet to your table. It's expensive but we'll worth it.It's fine dining, yes, but for this casual diner I preferred the brunch to dinner handsdown! No contest. Being in the industry, it was double the fun having parts of the meal served in the kitchen! And the service? En pointe and friendly. What an exquisite way to spend a snowy afternoon!!Expensive. Uneven. Best when clarity eg poached lobster with uni foam.More often unbalanced or over zealous combinations led to obfuscation or sludge: deconstructed guinea fowl~ pulled pork or amusee bouch - unrecognizable .
No warniing that bird breast was smoked.Good wine list.Wooden service.
No Michelin star here.Don't even bother looking at the menu just do the 7 course tasting. It's an absolute must. I come here at least twice a year and have never had a bad tasting. Wallet is light when I leave but money well spent. Lacroix in the number one restaurant in Philly in my opinion.Had high expectations and although it was good, I was not wowed. For the price of brunch, I expected so much more. There was not a dish that I wanted to go back for seconds. However, the service was great. Everyone was very attentive!When one thinks of buffet, one thinks of Golden Corral or cheap Chinese food. Both hold places in the hearts and stomachs of wary travelers or persons needing large amounts of greasy food. This is not the buffet for them. This is the spread for people who have planned on eating here, not to be full beyond breathing, but to taste the most variety of delightful delicacies.
We went here after a week of planned eating to accommodate the large array of brunch edibles. After 2.5 hours of amazing food and service, we left filling full, not stuffed and happy to spend the money at this elevated "buffet." 
My recommendations, do not eat bread or any carbs. Find the food you would not normally eat or purchase at the store and go back for seconds or thirds. Juice is included, so ask for the server for each kind of juice in order to get the full experience.I came in for restaurant week with a coworker and the service was amazing, the food was ... alright.
First we came in and were seated in the small offset room that had some sort of tacky decor, but a great view of the park. Michael was our server and he was attentive and took time to explain each dish as it came out. The menu wasn't that descriptive at all, so his explanations were great in letting us know what was on each of our plates.
The meal started with delicious delicious bread and 2 types of butter. A goat butter w/ sashimi seasoning and then another one with some type of fancy salt. 
After we weret reated to a chef's gift of 3 small mouth bites of different tasting h'orderves. One was some type of fish on a thin delicious blue corn chip, a foie gras macaroon, and a beef tartare thingie... The beef was the best, the foie gras threw me off, and i really enjoyed the thin blue corn chip.
My starter was the cold peach soup. It was cold, had hints of peach, but not quite what I was expecting. I think the texture was a lot more guspacho than I had anticipated, which was more a sweeter thinner expectation. It came with buttermilk (?) jelly which was interesting and some dried pepper that I did not really enjoy.
The main course was pork loin wrapped with bacon and baby carrots in some sort of reduction. This was good, there were 2 small servings of pork and bacon though, so I'm glad I filled up on the bread.
For dessert I went with the corn choice and I felt it was too much going on. There was a corn/apricot sorbet on corn polenta (similar to corn bread), with pop corn and nitrogen frozen olive oil & thyme to be eaten with the pop corn, and some preserved apricot? It wasn't horrible, but I wasn't sure if I enjoyed it. Go with the Pear dessert instead. This comes with a 3 later cake of molasses jelly, chocolate and something else, much richer and delicious. The chef's take on a root beer float w/ pear... that was not that great.I went on a Sunday to celebrate my wife's birthday.  The food is wonderful.  There are many choices for appetizers and mains.  The seafood section is very generous with full size shrimp, a wide array of sushi and oysters.  There are full carving  stations of been and pork.  The eating area is a bit cramped.  The service is wonderfully attentive.  For me  a little too much, but for the type of restaurant it is, one should expect your napkin being folded immediately when you you get up.  In summary it is a great place to celebrate a special occasion.Pure excellence. Went for a birthday dinner in January, and finally getting around to writing a review. It's a little tricky finding the entrance the first time, due to it being a part of Rittenhouse Hotel. But the concierge was friendly (he must deal with wandering patrons all the time) and pointed us in the right direction. 
Lacroix had everything that is desired and necessary for a great dining experience. Everything from the greeting, decor, views, and most importantly, the food. 
Service was great, funky and elegant plates with yummy food inside of it. We were lucky enough to also sit at the Chef's table for dessert, after already a decadently delicious majority of the meal, which was a real treat. 
foie gras was excellent, and wine list/sommelier was helpful. 
The meal was a while ago, but I just remember this blur of delicious food, fantastic service, excellent decor, and memorable experience. 
I've also heard that their brunch is amazing, so planning on returning for that! magnifique!Yup, the brunch is to die for.... and at $56 per person it is an incredible deal. Ritz brunch buffets are typically $75pp (at least in Cali), and they don't compare. Lacroix's setup (half the buffet is in the kitchen!) is very fun and unique, and selection is incomparable. The cold app table was like a buffet of amuse bouches - assortments of very complex and meticulously prepared bites - I've never seen anything like them at a buffet. My favorites were definitely the caviar and gnocchi. I'll be stuffed and happy for a long time. 
Why not 5 stars? The service was weirdly lacking. Had to beg to place drink orders and to have champagne poured. There was a sweet woman often nearby gathering plates, but for some reason she wasn't allowed to pour champagne- a little frustrating though nothing another mound of caviar cant fix. :)Best damn brunch ever...at 60 bucks a person but doesn't included unlimited booze but the quality and selection of food so make up for it....will visit again in bigger pants and maybe a colostomy bag attached to my body too!This special dining experience for our anniversary exceeded all expectations! Our waiter was much more than one might expect, providing in-depth descriptions of all menu items as though it was his first time doing so. His support staff left nothing to be desired.We knew we could only make it to one place for Restaurant Week, so we decided to make it count. All I can say is that everything was perfect, from our little table overlooking the park to the breadbasket brimming with an assortment of panary delights. We opted for the $35 three course menu (there was also a $75 tasting menu) and cocktails and couldn't have been happier. All the staff were absolutely lovely and not the least bit pretentious, and even though this was our first time at Lacroix, at no point did we feel as though we were being shortchanged just because it was Restaurant Week.
We already have our Valentine's Day dinner booked elsewhere, but I definitely want to come back here at some point to celebrate a special event, or even just pop in for brunch which is apparently amazing. 
Pricey? Absolutely. But how wonderful it is to drop a bundle and actually get what you paid for.The best dining experience in the country. IMO, this is the best upscale restaurant in Philly. Food is very creative and service is great. Flawless.Best brunch selection I've ever experienced! Service was fantastic! You get up to get another selection of food for 60 seconds, everytime when you come back your plate is cleared and place reset. The tour through the kitchen was so much fun. An absolute 10!!!We came here because of the raving brunch reviews. Unfortunately we had reservations for 11 and missed the buffet which ends at 10 on Saturdays so we had to order off of the plated brunch menu. The food was just okay. I've had better salmon omelets at Marathon and my husband's Philadelphia platter got the job done but wasn't anything special. Don't get me wrong, the service and views were lovely and food wasn't bad but for 60 bucks I want to be wowed and that didn't happen here. We'll try again for the buffet since that seems to be the thing everyone loves.Lacroix is, by far, the best restaurant in Philadelphia. I have eaten there about 5 times for dinner over the past 3 years, as well as twice for brunch and countless times for happy hour. The food goes without saying - it's not only delicious, every single time, but also unbelievably unique and interesting. The choice of flavors - white chocolate, bacon 
& lobster ravioli anyone? - never ceases to amaze me.
Last night I went to Lacroix for Valentine's Day and was once again beyond pleased with my meal. I had the signature Lacroix salad (included caramel brittle! I'm telling you, the flavor combinations are to die for) and the lobster entree, which was cooked perfectly, and my date had the octopus appetizer and striped bass. We also enjoyed the chocolate fountain at the end of the night, as well as a few recommended desserts, which (no surprise here!) were all fantastic. Even the strawberries are better than everyone else's!
And while I clearly love the food at Lacroix, I must take time to discuss the service. The wait staff, hosts, bartenders, chefs, and all other employees are so above and beyond the best in the city words really can't even describe them. Chris, my favorite waiter at ANY restaurant I have ever been to, not only remembers me each time I come back but also remembers what we talked about at our previous dinners. Jean-Paul and Z (won't even try spelling his name) are so friendly and helpful, without being overbearing, that it's hard to imagine going anywhere else.
It means a lot for me to say that Lacroix is my favorite restaurant of all time - I love to eat, and enjoy trying new restaurants as much as possible. But, if someone were to ask my to choose just one, I would have to go with Lacroix, hands down.Just had Sunday brunch here today, and everything was nearly perfect. Nearly. I say that because the combination of the astounding array of food and my gluttony made me eat so much that I couldn't move out of my chair. I think I had about half a lb of caviar by myself, and about a dozen west coast oysters. At 65$ a person, it's not cheap but it's actually a very good deal for the amazing quality food and the huge variety. Treat yourself to an amazing brunch at Lacroix, and don't miss the chocolate fountain in the kitchen ;)Yuch, I hated it! I'm sure everyone will think I'm just stupid, and unsophisticated. I don't care. It was awful, in the food sense. Yea, if you think all the plates touching the table at the same time matters.........it might be for you. If you think, "compliments of the chef" makes you feel special......it might be for you. If you arehaving dinner with a "special" important person and he needs to constantly be pampered........it is for you. It ain't for me. Food was cold, pork and fish together ?????? Rabbit served cold?????? venison?????? What's this, game dinner night? salad was.......blah, nothing but a small handful of spring mix, without an explanation, soufflé, let me put the ice cream in, 1......2......3.........remove the spoon.........please, get a room. chocolates don't excite me, best part was the wine. And, I never drink wine. Two part experience....first, and last!I had the pleasure to join several colleagues for dinner on a recent early summer night.  After a long day at work, we were hungry, so we asked for a few off menu appetizers to start the evening.  This was definitely a start to a great meal, oysters, charcuterie. pickled veggies and a plate of caviar samples.  We also were presented with a selection of breads, olives and nuts.  All were wonderful.
We all opted for the prix fix menu.  It came with several extras which were quite a bonus.  The vichyssoise was outstanding, as was the white asparagus, the soft shelled crab and the filet.  We had a custom wine pairing that was outstanding.  The "chocolate" dessert was incredible.
The service was attentive and outstanding.
This is definitely a must do in the city.This restaurant, staff and food are amazing. The food and service are consistent and delicious . The staff makes you feel like a celebrity even when you're just ordering something small. If you're questioning going based on prices, go for lunch - it is much cheaper and reasonable and the food is still exceptional.Best kept secret in Philly is the Express Breakfast Buffet at Lacroix in the Rittenhouse Hotel.  Served Monday through Friday, 7-10:00 a.m., at $16 per person and Saturday, 7-10:30 a.m., at $18 per person, the all-you-can-eat Express Breakfast Buffett is the best deal in town.  You break-fast soaking up the ambiance of this fine restaurant and Rittenhouse Square (puff-puff) and you are treated to Lacroix's impeccable service.  The buffet treats you to selections of juice, coffee/tea, eggs, breakfast meats, cereals, pastries, etc. all self-served on their fine china and linens.  My partner and I come here often and we just love it.  It is a great way of trying out Lacroix at an affordable price.Horribly expensive and the fish tasted like leftovers from the all you can eat sushi buffet. Might be good for everyone else on yelp, but definitely not for our party.I went here for my boyfriend's birthday and it was definitely the best fine dining dinner I have had in Philly so far. Not only the food was high quality but also the service was extraordinary. From the customized menu with a happy birthday title just for my boyfriend, to the countless complimentary dishes along the dinner that was not from our prix fixe menu, to the Tiffany's-box-imitation mini birthday cake, everything was just perfect and screamed high class. I always take photos of my food (millennium thing), but rarely do I crave food when I relook at the photos like I had with Lacroix. I don't want to go into the details of the food we had because I felt like sometimes it's better to taste the food than looking at the photos and reading some mere reviews that may or may not live up to the real quality of the food. All in all,  Lacroix definitely did not disappoint me and my boyfriend and I hope you will feel the same way.We are visiting the Philadelphia area for a while, and visiting friends in the suburbs, so decided to stay for a few days in the Rittenhouse.  On looking into reviews of Lacroix, we decided we ought to give it a try for dinner; our hopes/expectations were truly exceeded.  I apologize for not posting photos of each course, but doing that has got to feel too much like work, and that's not what I'm up to, while having a fantastic meal.  Here's the menu, an image of which also accompanies my review.  Scores after each show how impressed we were, and average out to 93/100.
Saturday, 11 June 2016 - Chef's Tasting Menu
Foie Gras with quince, golden beet and chicory; paired with 2012 Wehlener Sonnenuhr Riesling Auslese by Joh. Jos. Prüm, Mosel, Germany.  80/100
Dutch White Asparagus, baby lettuce, dill, yuzu, trout roe; paired with 2010 Alte Reben Sylvaner Kabinett Trocken by Graf von Schönborn, Franken, Germany.  90/100
Lots of fresh green flavors, it was Spring on a plate!
Halibut, brioche crust, sorrel, caviar; paired with 2013 Winkl Sauvignon Blanc by Cantina Terlano, Alto-Adige, Italy.  100/100
That brioche crust, remarkably thin and crispy, is a real wonderment!
Softshell Crab, spring garlic cream, tabbouleh; paired with 2014 Les Caburoches sec by La Taille aux Loups, Vouvray, France.  95/100
First time ever for softshell, this was Atlantic Blue Crab, nicely browned and lightly crusty for a very pleasing "toothsomeness."
Rabbit, chanterelle, zucchini, almond; paired with 2012 La Sagesse Côtes-du-Rhône by Domaine Gramenon, France.  95/100
Lamb, english pea, baby turnip, mint; paired with 2012 Ciel du Cheval Vineyard by Seven Hills Winery, Red Mountain, Washington State, USA.  100/100
We think the name means "Horse Heaven."
This featured both lamb shoulder and loin meat.  I've long felt that the shoulder has the tastiest meat on a lamb, and went right to a piece of it first.  It was just incredible, and I felt sure that compared to it, the loin might be a bit of a disappointment - was I ever wrong!  The loin was equally fantastic, and we both quite loved it.
Miyazake Wagyu (strip steak), sweetbread, red quinoa with Harrisa, apricot; paired with 2008 Señorío de P. Peciña Reserva Rioja, Spain.  100/100
The world's best beef, and sweetbreads, on the same plate, what's not to love?
CHEESE: Crottin, rhubarb, granola; paired with 1975 Moulin Touchais Coteaux du Layon, France.  90/100
We REALLY liked the idea of a delicious single cheese presented fully arranged.  We have been to several restaurants which come 'round with a cart with dozens of cheeses on it, and that's too overwhelming.  By the time they've explained the ninth cheese, your brain isn't likely to be hanging on to all of the information to make its decisions.  The crottin, a fresh goat cheese, was very nicely arranged and prepared, and we loved it.
Strawberry, buttermilk semifreddo, lemon verbena, rhubarb; paired with Patrick Bottex La Cueille, Bugey-Cerdon, France (NV).  90/100
My other half was blown away by this wine, and decided to seek out a source and buy a case of it!
Chocolate, coffee, blackberry, whipped ganache; paired with New York Malmsey Madeira from The Rare Wine Company (NV).  90/100
We couldn't ask for people to take better care of us while dining, and the ambiance was perfect, as were the very comfortable chairs in a wide table that was plenty big for a great meal.  The windows look out at Rittenhouse Square, with its nice variety of greenery, Oaks, Sycamores, Maples, Locusts, Ginkgos, and so forth.  The wine pairings were very well thought of, the pace was perfect, staff were far beyond mere competence, and it was clear from their faces and demeanor that they like and enjoy their jobs, and care for giving their guests a great dining experience.  Kudos, staff/team, you do wonderful work!  I would also note that there was never a problem understanding anyone, all are native English speakers, with good communication skills.  That has not always been our experience, even in very highly rated restaurants.  Our menu came hand-signed by Jon Chichon and Justin Timsit, executive chef and wine director, respectively.  Next week we're going to check out the Sunday brunch!This is my favorite restaurant in Philadelphia. If you like French you must attend. The tasting is always the best way to go.Birthday dinner was made extra special by server Omar Torres. We left him in charge of ordering our dinner, scary yes but we know little about fancy food. We tried things we wouldn't have by ourself but enjoyed it. Chefs came out presenting our dishes. Very nice gesture.
Food was out of this world, service top notch! Thank you.Best brunch ever! It's worth every penny!
I have been here on 3 different occasions for brunch, and it's definitely my favorite upscale brunch. Everything is perfect - food, decor, service. 
I haven't found any other restaurant that compares.Five Stars Not Enough. . . 
We stayed over at Rittenhouse driving home to Virginia from northern New England.
The accidental result:  the best meal we've eaten in at least two years.  We ordered the four course prix fixe, which was really six courses with the generous amuse and dessert mint/gel trays before and after.  
Karen's beet salad was like a tiny vivid beet sculpture that you could eat.   My fluke crudo was sashimi-esque, with grapefruit, heart of palm and caviar.  Our seafood courses were sensational:  Karen's poached lobster and my octopus were done perfectly, with delicious sauce and vegetable salsas.  The two meat courses, lamb loin and Niman Ranch beef cheeks, fork tender and done perfectly.  And exceptional desserts-Karen's banana souffle with caramel gelato and my baked alaska with raspberry, rhubarb, and crispy granola.  
The wait staff were ultra cool yet attentive and gracious.  This is one of the great urban restaurants in the US, a peer of Boston's famed L'Espalier.   We're coming back.WOW this place is good. I came here for a birthday party in December 2008 for the Brunch Buffet. At first I was a little surprised by the price ($60 for brunch!?!?!), but I was left speechless. 
An incredible assortment of items sprawls the restaurant -- I felt like keep uncovering more impressive displays of food in hidden nooks and wings throughout the place. 
Most impressive was the attention to detail and the service. The birthday girl was served a custom cake (made to look like a wrapped present) that matched her outfit.Presentation is main charm of this restaurant. I used to just love fancy decoration on my palate in my early 20's. If they draw flower on my plate I was so so so impressed already. Now I l have known better, eaten out so much, I admit that so hard to get impressed by restaurant. Either price has to be good or has to be superb with food. 
Just beautifully decorated food doesn't impress me much anymore. 
Small portion was fine with me. I do aware fine dining place will never full me so we order a lot so it wasn't about their portion.
Was off from the start, I prefer spread butter to be room temperature. This one wasn't. Little disappointed from the beginning. 
Presentation of food was beautiful. They do care about color of your plate and have great sense. But it gets boring if I keep eating unflavored white foam with gello typed sauce. I remember it was super impressed when I had gello sauce and foams on my food. I was like wow. This is genius but that was couple years ago. Now wherever I go, I get to eat foams and I don't like foams that much... 
Maybe we ordered too much seafood oriented menu but I am a seafood fan.. Most dishes tasted too similar. My halibut was chewy and well cooked but broth was a bit boring... Luckily the portion wasn't so big so finished all of my food. 
They got amazing reviews about their brunch. I think o rather want to try their brunch not regular meal next time.Overall a great experience.
First, it is positioned inside the Rittenhouse hotel, which made it a bit difficult to find...but once we found it, it was so worth it!
The environment was great. Dark, but not too dark. Large seats with tables positioned strategically so as to maximize privacy from nearby tables. One concern was the restaurant's proximity to a local apartment complex. I sat facing the large, glass wall, which apparently was built right up against the windows of local residents. I was able to watch a Philadelphian do his laundry while comfortably seated in this restaurant.
Environment: 4.5/5
I had the opportunity to try 3 dishes:
Chicken Thigh (4.5/5): Absolutely delicious. Squares of chicken with a crunchy outside and a very chewy, juicy inside. It was coupled with what seemed to be square pastas, which helped clean out the flavor each bite. I absolutely loved the balance of the crunchiness and chewiness, which when combined with the flavorful sauce, made for a great combination.
Kimchi Gnocchi (3.5/5): Flavor was great, but I was not that impressed overall. Definitely and interesting concept, but 1) there was far too little food (maybe like 10 pieces of gnocchi) and the gnocchi itself was a little bland. I had to load up on the sauce to really taste anything. Everyone else ordered the lamb, and I would likely have done that as well if it weren't for the novelty of this dish's concept.
Parfait w/ Stouds (5/5): AMAZING. Came as two layers in a cup. We were instructed to break the top layer (which consisted of Stouds ice cream and a chocolate cookie) and let it flow to the bottom (which consisted of bananas and bread). When the two layers mixed, it made for a slimy (in a delicious way), melty, creamy concoction that mixed the textures together. Of course the typical mixing ice cream with chocolate wasn't too bad either!3.5 stars (only because expectations were set...)
I've been meaning to dine at Lacroix but the experience did not blow me away as I imagined it would although I have to say that it was very thoughtful for the restaurant to have prepared my table in advance and one that offered a lovely view of the park.
However, overall, I thought the service was a far cry from what one is used to in NYC. First and foremost, I was rather surprised and puzzled to note that the utensils were placed with the dinner ware at the far end, with the appetizers' utensils in the inner side, closer to the plate. Additionally, my foie gras appetizer was served on a rectangular plate, which I was very startled when the waiter placed it vertically towards me rather than horizontally. One would have thought that the wait staff would have been briefed on dinner settings and dish placements.
I got curious about the wild striped bass with avocado, jerk artichokes and peanut spatzle largely due to the interesting choice of accompaniments, without which, I would have probably gone for the halibut. However considering that I had ordered the foie gras (which was prepared with peanuts as an accompaniment) for my app, I wasn't exactly thrilled by the use of the same ingredient for my main. Additionally, the accompaniments to the striped bass was less exciting than what I imagined them to be and the surprise ginger taste within threw me off guard.
Overall, I shall not dismiss the experience at Lacroix. I had a very relaxed lunch and the food was good, though both were short from memorable.I've dined in my share of upscale restaurants featuring fine dining throughout my years and as far as I am concerned, you can keep Lacroix, which is located in the affluent Rittenhouse Square area and inside the swanky Rittenhouse Hotel.
We were greeted by a very friendly hostess, Allyson, who was just as sweet and friendly as can be. Our wait staff of say five, were on top of our every wish and desire and management made it a point to stop by to welcome us and chat a bit. We had tried our best to get a reservation for their famous Sunday brunch, but to no avail, which is something I may still consider trying sometime.
We were there for lunch, a very few tables were seated during our visit, the dining room is classy, with a beautiful bar and windows with perfect views for people watching. The prices for the portions and quality is what left me baffled, how do they get away with it, I mean are they kept alive by unsuspecting hotel guests or folks that love to blow a huge wad of money and still walk away hungry? If it had not been for the bread, that is exactly what would have happened.
I asked to order a glass of wine and the waiter asked what I would like, instead of offering me a wine list. I said, well I'm not sure what all you have but a nice chardonney would be fine. He then said from California? Lol, I said yes that would be fine, I mean please, present some kind of a list or at least have knowledge of choices readily available. The sommelier presented an almost empty bottle and allowed me to sniff, swirl and taste before pouring my incredibly expensive half glass of wine. Hubs snickered, I was tempted to tip the last swallow that was left in the bottle into my glass, but restrained myself.
Michael had the grilled Caesar salad to start, which were three leaves from the heart of the romaine, whole and topped with grilled red onion and parmesan cheese. The portion was small, but the flavor was good. 
Once you have ordered, you are presented with a really great basket of hot bread, the food took awhile to come out, so we pretty well filled up on bread, which was our own fault. Since I had ordered the cheese plate another basket came out, loaded with more bread and crackers and well before the cheese plate, so we dined on more bread.
The cheese plate, I indulged myself with the larger one which came with 6 cheeses and the waiter was kind enough to ask for my likes and dislikes in cheeses, telling him I loved them all but was partial to bleu's, brie, camembert, cheddars and so on.
Twenty-eight dollars gave me and I don't even know how to describe this, one wonderful bleu, and a nice variety of cows milk, sheep milk and goat milk cheeses. What was the problem then? I'm not sure why the huge basket of bread or the large crackers, all of the cheese would not have even covered one cracker! I'm serious! I'm trying to visually picture something to describe the size and thickness and a postage stamp with the thickness of a nickle comes to mind. 
So, not too many choices for the main dish, we were both torn between the cheeseburger or the lobster roll and we each decided to splurge on the lobster roll. Now, mind you that I lived in New England for eight years and that I have often visited. I also make them at home when I get hungry for one.
Twenty five dollars each for the skimpiest, funniest, yes I'm laughing, "lobster roll" I have ever seen! First of all, they make their own rolls, dry, stale short rolls. Then they barely and I do mean barely make a notch out of the top of the roll, to then top it with lettuce and "lobster salad"? 
This lobster salad was loaded with sliced grapes, I mean loaded and I would not be opposed to the slight addition of sliced grapes, as it was different, but where's the lobster? They could not have diced it any smaller, it was the size of chopped onions, the grapes were larger and so very, very little meat. I actually was so tired of bread at that point that I dumped the lobster salad onto my plate and if it would have filled a quarter of a cup, I would have been surprised.
The lobster roll comes with a side of homemade tarragon potato chips, which were okay, they need to lay them out a bit more before seasoning, as some were unseasoned and some were way over seasoned.
Hubs then ordered the large tier of six desserts from the pastry cart. This was a good deal at twelve dollars and a nice small sampling of desserts. He still walked out hungry and he ate that small lobster roll. We walked out, with a whole lot less in our pocket, shrugged our shoulders and said okay, we've been to Lacroix.
By the way, the valet has a field day readjusting the drivers seat. I can see moving it back or forth, but pumping it higher, reclining it?The service at Lacroix was impeccable as was the food.  The service was friendly and nonpretentious.  
Sundays and Mondays are 50% off every single bottle of wine on the list, so it's a really great time to explore expensive wine that you would normally not want to drop the money for.  
The complimentary amuse-bouche for the evening was a creamy celery root soup that was one of the best things we had that evening.  It had a creamy/nutty flavor with a hint of celery.  
Appetizer:  Octopus with gnocchi and pancetta was phenomenal.  I think I would go back just for this.  We also figured that we'd try foie gras for the first time.  The texture was soft, melted in your mouth, but not something I would routinely drop 24 dollars on.
Entree: I had this deconstructed lobster lasagna with baked ricotta corkscrews.  It was delicious.  The loster was perfectly good between layers of thin circular pasta.  My boyfriend had the goat which he thought was delicious, but did not compare to the lobster.
All in all, I would probably return again for a special occassion.Without alchohol it was $160 for two of us saving the 3 course meal (5 courses possible).  If you're cost-conscious you sure don't do it often, but once a year it's splendid.  The food is unique and delicious, the portions small enough that we weren't bloated,  The view out over Rittenhouse square glowing with Christmas lights was wonderful, and the staff were attentive without cloying.  Splendid all the way.I have been to the Sunday brunch on 3 different occasions, in the past year and each time the food, service, and the amount I slept, post-meal, seemed to increase. Unlike most brunches, no matter the time or effort I put in, I wouldn't be able to make one item on the fanciest of fancy menu. The service is awesome, I am a 32 year old man, and I felt like a little princess, all the attention that is showered on you by the staff, its amazing , Yes I would like more coffee, Yes I would like you to bring me something to eat that you think I might like, Yes I would enjoy it if you rubbed my stomach and whispered sweet nothings into my ear while my food disgust. If you have a little extra money to burn or someone else is paying I suggest the wine pairing with the brunch, nothing says " Hey Instagram  followers my life is better than yours, then nursing a hangover by eating caviar and drinking Moet and OJ", but be warned this brunch is not for the frugal, 2 people, plus parking, plus 20% tip will set you back 213.00 clams, but for that price you can literally eat that many clams, shrimp and oysters, so i guess it all works out in the end. Plus I love a expensive Food ComaFinally checked it off from my bucket list! Absolutely love all the food here! Great service and great view!This review applies the Sunday Brunch only.  My wife and I have gone between Christmas and New Years every year for 4+ years now as a special treat.  Every year, we are wowed by the skill of the chefs, the impeccable service of the waitstaff, and the overall excellence of the experience.  
The dishes are always well designed, this coming from a frequent tester of a classically trained french chef's creations.  I can say that every year, the menu changes in wonderful ways, highlighting combinations and tastes I have never experienced before.  I can say I have never had a bad dish, only ones less amazing than the others.  You truly raise your standards from the beginning of the meal to the end.
The service is attentive, nuanced, and consistent.  If they are unsure, they ask instead of sweeping in so quick you feel rushed.  Nothing used is allowed to rest and you never want for a waiter, bartender or manager to be at your table with a simple hand wave.
I have to make special mention of the coffee.  This is truly one of the highlights for me.  Smooth, not acidic, perfectly brewed.  This truly needs no additivies to make it fantastic.
I seriously suggest that you use this as a special event but that you make those plans now.  It is one of the best, if not the best, meal experiences you can have in Philadelphia on a consistent level.Most awesome (and expensive) brunch place in Philly!
My husband brought us here for our 1st Anniversary brunch - knowing it'd be expensive but we were expecting a set meal.  Boy were we in for a surprise!!  When we got there they gave us a tour of all the foods available for brunch and I got SO excited!
It was like - a tasting of awesome dishes and delicacies, raw oyster bar, sushi, carving station, chocolate fondue fountain, dessert table.  WOWOWOWOWOWOW.  
$56/pp but wow.  It was worth it for the experience and the excitement!  Service was great also.  They even surprised us with a special anniversary dessert treat  :)  
I would go back - but only for a special occasion, otherwise it would feel too indulgent.Was honored to be part of a private dinner party celebrating a family member's milestone birthday. Unbelievable food with service to match! This is THE spot for an exquisite meal with family and friends...Terrific!!!  Outstanding service  (not too obtrusive or hoovering) and outstanding food.  The dining room is very pleasant - tables nicely spaced, many with views. Two of us don't eat meat and one had a peanut alllergy -- all of which they easily accommodated with no muss or fuss.
The quality of food and preparation was exceptional -- equal to the best in Boston and New York.Once upon a time, in a magical place, there was a girl who entered the dessert room of the Lacroix kitchen and was commanded to eat and sample all she wanted- for free!!!
Sigh.  It is a true story.  Lacroix was retiring.  To celebrate the handing over of the reigns of his empire, he invited various people to dine and sample and imbibe FOR FREE.  Champagne- another glass, miss?  Why, OF COURSE!
I longed to have a reason to return.  I so enjoyed my time there.
I dined with a friend in the main dining room for restaurant week.  EEK.  What a way to destroy the perfect facade.  Everything was fine- fine being ok- not perfection.
So, finally, when my prince charming and I tied the knot, we had our wedding dinner in the private dining room.  SUPER FABULOUS.  My new nephews were treated like the princes that they are.  Everyone enjoyed themselves immensely.  The food was superb, but the service is the gleaming crown jewel of the experience.  The amuse bouches/desserts/little extras are the sparkling pave gems around that bigger jewel.Seriously such a decadent brunch! Everything you can think of and more! Sushi, charcuterie, raw bar, cheeses, dessert heaven, chocolate fountain and nitrogen ice cream beads!!! This place is so Rittenhouse square!! The hotel is amazing too! They made my wedding so super special. Some of the guests went here the Sunday after the wedding and they are still talking about how awesome the experience was.Went here for restaurant week, $35 a head for prix fixe. Had the crab dumpling appetizer, and swordfish main dish. Wasn't the typical French food I have had in the past which involved creamy sauces. Definitely not a value play in that the entire meal could have been an appetizer for me. Not sure if this is the restaurant week portion or if this the normal portion size. My GF advised me not to ask. The plates and bowls were comically large compared to the amount of food actually on them though. The taste was good, but I have had better. 
Food Quality/Taste =  3 Stars
Portion Size Given Price = 1
Service = 4
Experience with Staff = 4 Stars
Decor = 4Lacroix is absolutely one of the best restaurants in Philadelphia. Hubby and I went last night for Restaurant Week per my sister's enthusiastic recommendations. 
First of all, the service is beyond compare. The attention to detail is what sets Lacroix apart. As we arrived in the restaurant, I announced my reservation and we were immediately shown to our table at the window with a beautiful view of the park. Note to self: always ask for a window table in future reservations. When we were seated, our server came over and greeted me by name. Even the gentleman presenting the different courses also greeted me by name. I know this is something so simple, but it makes the experience more memorable. They already have my name from the reservation, so why not?
Now, on the the food. For our first course, Hubby ordered the Blue Crab Consomme and I had the Texas Redfish (Red Drum), which pleased me because it is much more sustainable than the Japanese Sea Bass listed on the menu on the RW website. The fish was prepared crudo style, with thinly sliced pineapple and salmon roe. It was very fresh and a perfect first course. Hubby's consomme was very complex and deep in flavor, yet beautifully delicate, as a perfect consomme should be.
For our second courses, Hubby ordered the Beef Short Rib and I had the Swordfish. The short rib was out of this world, cooked to melt-in-your-mouth perfection and served atop smoked white chocolate grits, bitter greens and a maitake mushroom that just exploded with flavor. My swordfish was also perfectly cooked, served with hearts of palm, fennel, green onion and tangerine. This was topped tableside with a warm Barigoule. This dish, like the consomme, was so flavorful and beautifully complex, yet delicate at the same time. It had the perfect level of seasoning and I could eat that swordfish every day.
And now, the moment you've all been waiting for: dessert! All I can say is WOW! Now I do not have a sweet tooth by any means. Most days I'd rather eat a bowl of pasta for dessert rather than a bowl of ice cream. But when I tried this dessert, I was on another planet. I had the Warm Roasted Apples with almond dolce de leche and thyme ice cream, garnished with some crispy spiced phyllo dough. Yes, thyme ice cream. This was likely the best dessert I've ever eaten. I can not stop thinking about the thyme ice cream and what I can do to get my hands on some more. It married so perfectly with the richness of the dolce de leche and the almonds and added the perfect herbaceous earthiness that all baked apples beg for. Hubby's Chocolate Coffee Mousse was very nice as well. For me, it was a little on the sweet side, but I imagine if you like all of those sweet coffee drinks from Starbucks, you'll love the mousse. 
I am so glad that we finally tried Lacroix. At Lacroix, it's not just about the amazing food, but the whole experience. I have heard wonderful things about their brunch, so maybe we will try that soon. I am already looking forward to my next visit!This was one of the best meals I had during the 4 years I went to school in Philly.  I saved it for my senior year, and it was well worth the wait.  The service was impeccable, and the food itself was amazing.  I was temporarily overwhelmed by the variety and couldn't decide if I wanted to take the sweet or savory brunch route.  Luckily the buffet setup allows you to do a little of both.
The place was a little more quiet and formal than I'm usually comfortable with, but who cares when you have such a great brunch spread before you?It is one of the best buffets I have tried that was not in Vegas. Great care and detail goes into the food and service and you can taste the difference in each and everything. Walking into the kitchen to get food is kind of nice and unique. Also it is the cleanest functioning kitchen I have ever seen, which is a good sign. Great location and excellent view into Rittenhouse Square (if you get a window seat). Only downside is that it is pricey so can't do this often enough.Horrible for vegetarians. I hate to complain but my boyfriend and I went for Valentine's Day. I'm a vegetarian and have been to plenty nice/high end restaurants with amazing vegetable dishes. Every dish I got here for the "prefixed" menu I had one bite and set aside. I didn't eat any of my dinner, only the bread (which was delicious) I'm sad to say I will never be going back here. Nice waitstaff and bartenders, very friendly. Horrible food and not worth the $135 for a prefixed vegetarian meal. I felt like it should have been free, the food was that bad. Don't go if you don't eat meat, on the other hand, my boyfriend "liked" his meal, didn't love it. Not worth the money, the chocolate dessert was even grossWe had Mother's Day brunch here, $85 per person.  (On Mother's day, brunch is served all day, we had a reservation for dinnertime.)
Three stars for the food , minus 1 star for the service.
The good part: they had a lot of high-end dishes using a lot of expensive ingredients (lobster, caviar, etc.)
So why such a low rating? After having the brunch buffet here, I became convinced that high-end food can't be served buffet style.  There were dishes that I could tell would have been good had they been cooked to order and not sitting out. It's really disappointing to have overcooked pasta or a cold escargot tart.  And remember, for $85 / person, you can have a tasting menu at many restaurants where food is cooked to order for you.  
Another thing we discovered was that there was too much to try and too much going on.  We got lots of little tastings of everything , but never had time  to savor it. Before our mouth could savor an item, we had switched to another. Having a prix-fixe meal of 5-6 courses is much better -- sure you don't get to try as much variety, but then you really get to savor the different flavors and textures that the chef is aiming for in a dish. You let a dish grow on you and understand the nuance of a dish.  Instead this buffet brunch is like taking the top 40 pop songs and taking a sentence from each stanza and just playing them right after the other. It's a mad slapdash of really good things - but you don't really have time to savor and enjoy.
Service: OK, this can't be too hard considering it's a buffet service. Yet our service was not good.  We ordered sparkling water and had to wait a good 10 minutes (after we had already gotten our food).  We ordered wine, and it also didn't come promptly.  They took away my silverware but didn't replace it. A lot of things we seemed to have to ask for twice -- really, service should be a lot better than that. It wasn't rude or anything, just not top notch.  
And it seemed like they were really trying to rush us out of there.  They kept pushing us to go to the next course. My boyfried and I like to use our expensive dinner dates as a time to talk and catch up on life , but instead it was like "go! speedracer go!'" to the next buffet table with these waiters. So we didn't get a nice elegant romantic dinner, we got a mad dash to try all these buffet tables.totally amazing. Each time a plate landed on the table was like a little surprise. between the appetizers and the entree they served a little side snack which makes the whole experience adventurous. 
the set up was great and romantic. They do play nice music which suits the settings. The service was amazing and polite. The presentation of the food was detailed, and the food is nicely done with precision.
my favorite part is the waiter's recommendation for wines. He told us they do spend time study the wine menus. Yes it is very pricey but its worth it! HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.Fantastic French fine dining with a view of rittenhouse square.
Service is attentive and knowledgable.  Food is perfect.  Atmosphere is a little less stuffy than the fountain restaurant further uptown, but is no less romantic.  Overall, I get to go here about once a year, and it's a real treat.  I love French food, and this is one of my top picks, and must stop if you are looking for some of the most delicious and refined food in Philly.WOW!!! Can I give the Brunch at Lacroix 10 stars!!! This is the best brunch you will ever experience!!! I attended brunch on News Years Day to ring in 2014. Brunch at Lacroix is a special experience reserved for very special occasions. 
The dining room is elegant and quiet. The windows open to Rittenhouse Square with beautiful views of the park. Our server gave us the grand tour of the buffet. The buffet extends into several sections of the restaurant including the kitchen. As we walked past each section, my eyes grew wide with excitement. There were so many options and they all were presented in a creative, and appealing way. 
Once I grabbed my plate I didn't know where to begin. I wanted to try everything, and I pretty much did. I shamelessly filled about 5 plates of food. Each plate was simply amazing. Cold salads, oysters, sushi, duck, lamb, charcuterie, fresh fruit, and the desserts...oh, the desserts. I'm so glad I was wearing a dress with a lot of give, it was all so amazing, I couldn't stop eating. I loved being able to sneak into the kitchen and talk with the chefs. They were all so nice and willing to tell you about the food. It was unlike anything I have ever experienced before.
Splurge. Eat. Indulge. Enjoy. Best Brunch ever!Lacroix is absolutely one of my favorite restaurants in the city. The foie gras and mushroom soups were a fantastic way to start off the meal. When you make a reservation, ask for a spot by the window for one of the best views of Rittenhouse Square. 
The service at Lacroix is unmatched. From the bus-staff to the waiters, everyone is knowledgable about the dishes and eager to please customers. The wine list is extensive and features some of my favorite reds from South America.
Have been back several times since my first visit and this continues to be one of my favorite restaurants for Brunch and Dinner. The restaurant week menu also looks good but does not show everything that this place has to offer.Maybe one of the fanciest brunch I ever had.  If you live or just stop Philly, you have to try this corner of taste and well merged flavours.  In center city, Rittenhouse square, this is the right place to vent after a busy working week.  The average price is quite expensive, but it is worth every penny spent.  Take a chance and try it! And indulge yourself at the chocolate cascade...AMAZING! Came here for bday brunch and the whole experience surpassed my expectations. 
After my close foodie friend suggested I come here (she knows I love me some good food), I checked out reviews - thanks yelpers, saw pics and made a reservation. Drove from NYC on Sunday and was READY! 
I had a good idea of what I was in for but...until you go, you don't really know. The pics posted are great and appealing but they don't do the food real justice! ..because every single thing we ate was bursting with layers of flavor. The raw seafood bar was also to die for! I also really enjoyed the bloody mary bar (I like extra horse radish and olives)
We had a great table with stellar views of the park, totally made for a relaxing afternoon. The service was also amazing and spot on! Every single detail to folding your napkin as soon as you step away for more food to replacing silverware and glasses.
I'd drive down from NYC just for another meal here (I'm planning it already!)Great food.  Exceptional Service.  Great view of the park at Christmas.  But it's no bargain!!   I'll just try to rationalize it by convincing myself that the overhead is a killer. If you enjoy wine, see if you can get an advance copy of the wine list... you will need at least  3 days to get through it... or you could do what I did and just ask the sommelier to pair it up for you.  You will agree that they've got some terrific sleepers in there.AMAZING service. I highly recommend Chris as your waiter. The hostess Fanisha (SP?) is also incredibly friendly. I came here once, loved it, then came here a second time the next week, and both Chris and Fanisha remembered my name, which I found incredibly impressive. I have been here a total of 3 times and loved it each time. The food and service will BLOW YOUR MIND.
If you're looking to celebrate a special occasion or to impress a certain someone, definitely come here. Don't skimp on the drinks - the cocktails and wines will not disappoint.I went here for lunch yesterday to take advantage of their RW $20 menu. It was worth it. I got their fresh greens salad that has a light vinaigrette dressing that was not over powering or over dressed. I picked their chickpea dish as my entree and it was amazing. Really bright and flavorful, well seasoned, served with baby carrots, toasted almonds and smoked raisin puree. Now I normally hate raisins but this gave a nice balance to the almonds and helped balance the seasoning of the chickpeas themselves. I ate it all and had to restrain myself from licking the plate. Then we were given their trio of desserts. The standouts were the caramel cheesecake and the raspberry tart. Enjoying these little desserts while enjoying a cup of tea and the view of Rittenhouse Park on beautiful day made for a wonderful overall experience. The portions were a great size, not large, but not too small to where you felt hungry or lacking. The service was very friendly and attentive but not pushy, snooty, or oppressive. We did not feel like we were being hustled or were less welcome because we came during RW. This is now on the top of my list of places I will return to and indulge.The olive oil berry tart was delicious! But the avocado salad was only so-so, and was covered in "puffed grains" that looked so much like maggots it was really hard to eat.This is a great place for a breakfast in Rittenhouse Square. I stayed at the Rittenhouse for my birthday and it was truly a delight. For breakfast, I ordered the "The Philadelphian" that consisted of 2 eggs, scrapple, potatoes and wheat toast! This restaurant also has a great view overlooking Rittenhouse Square!Up and down. Nice seat by the window with Rittenhouse Park view. Had to hear about the menu by eavesdropping on the next table, which was seated and received their menus after we did...odd. Menu had changed just the day before we arrived, and the prix-fixe replacement was a price sticker surprise, although at $75 each, not shocking. 
Service was very accommodating (e.g., offered the foie gras seared, if I preferred it prepared that way...twas delicious; sommelier's wine recommendation and general helpfulness were outstanding). 
Chicken was tastier and a better choice than the pork. Peanut souffle dessert was worth the extra cost and wait. Sorbets were one hit (grapefruit) and two misses (cherry cola...think movie theater slushy-type beverage and pineapple coconut...had a canned crushed pineapple taste). 
Is 3 1/2-4 stars for me, but 2 1/2 for my husband because he got sick about 2 hours after the meal. Can't conclusively blame a specific dish, but his octopus is the only thing of his I didn't taste (and I felt fine). Hard not to think this was it since we ate same foods for the previous two days, and his symptoms were classic.
Too bad. We had looked forward to this return visit following an excellent Restaurant Week experience.Everything about Lacroix makes it a top-notch dining experience, probably one of the top 5 we have had since moving to the Philly area six years ago. Service - among the best we have seen. Knowledgeable, gracious and engaging with no attitude of any kind. Wine list - overwhelming. Easily one of the most extensive we've seen. Food - spectacular. We did the 8-course chef's tasting menu with pairings. Admittedly maybe it was a bit much but each and every dish was superbly prepared and presented. Overall we definitely will be going backOne of the best brunches I have ever had. Seriously, delicious!
One thing that made this place unique is the presentation of the dishes, they let you go in the kitchen where they have displayed the entrees and dessert. It was an incredible experience. The service is outstanding and the food is SO yummy! 
A must when you visit Philly.One of the best places I have ever eaten. Took my girlfriend there for Valentines day last year. The food was out of this world but the most impressive thing was the almost mind reading waiter. He literally ONLY came to the table when we actually needed something. I've never seen that before. I was more impressed with that than anything. We'll be going back in the future. Its obviously on the pricey side but if you want to splurge, this is your place. This deserves to be in Phillys top 3, especially above Blackfish. The food between the 2 was almost dead even but the ambiance and service push it WAY over Blackfish.I can't believe I didn't rate my visit here.
I was really looking forward to my meal here but I was sorta let down. I can't even remember what I ordered-it was that uneventful...uhmmm let me think...yeah I can't recall what I ate but was NOT impressed. 
Oh I was served this salad that had strawberries in it (I think)..it would have been better if they added something with KA-runch (walnuts maybe?). 
Water was good. I had this dessert that I think was a tart...not a hit. I won't be back.The food wasn't amazing. Perhaps my expectation was way too high given so many good reviews by people I found to be trustworthy. The food is about 3.5 stars and the service is about 4.5 stars. The portions are pretty big (for a fancy restaurant), so you won't have a problem filling yourself up. Seared foie gras was delicious; the daikon garnish was expertly diced. But the veal chop was somewhat disappointing. It just wasn't that interesting. My wife's fish entree with thai pepper sauce (which the waiter incorrectly called consume) was pretty good. However, her soup was just okay; the lavender flavor was a bit too overwhemling. The dessert (cherry and chocolate) that had liquid-nitro cooled cherry mouse sounded interesting but the execution looked messy.
I came here, expecting to be blown away. What we got instead was a not-so-amazing-but-decent meal with attentive, professional, friendly staff.I went for Brunch two weeks ago and I am still thinking about it. It was probably the best meal I ever had. It is buffet style so your choices are almost endless. Have an open mind, because their are some unique items on the buffet. Also, oysters and sushi might be a little off putting to some as their first meal. There is a reason it's almost completely booked up every Sunday. Incredibly delicious is the only way to describe this gorge-fest.As good as it gets, indeed. I had my wedding reception in the smaller Lily's Cafe section. Entrees, staff, butlered hors d'ouvres were all absolutely perfect. The pastry chef even made our cake from a composite of pictures we sent, and nailed it! Alexandra, the manager with whom we made all of our arrangements in the months leading up to the event, was the most knowledgable and attentive staffer i've ever dealt with. 10 out of 10!Hands down, the best Sunday Buffet Brunch I've ever had!  The items served here are so intricate that you wouldn't believe that they would offer it at a buffet brunch.  I've been to a lot of nice buffets, and I still believe this may be the best!  The whole experience of being able to go into the kitchen to get your food is already worth the price tag of $65.This is for their Sunday brunch.  
We made the reservation over the phone last week (opentable says everything is booked, but when we called, they are still able to accept our reservation)
It is located right across the dog park, and the hostess seated us by the window for a nice view.
There are several food stations in the dining area, the appetizer table has about 20 different dishes; small plates but very well made.  I like various salads and the pork slider.  The raw bar is right beside; I am not a big raw oyster fan, so I only tried some smoked fish and cocktail shrimp, nothing to write home about.  There is also a desert table with about 10-15 selections, all looked very nice and tastes good (only if we are not so full when it's time to try the deserts.).
The hot food section is in the kitchen; there are various meat stations (lamb, scallop sausage, glazed salmon, etc) and about 10 hot dishes like crispy duck (very tasty).  The chocolate fountain and liquid nitrogen station (where they freeze some desert) are also in the kitchen area.  
Over all, the appetizer, the desert are all top notch; the hot food is OK but not great.  The service is very good, all the servers are very attentive and helpful.  Not a brunch I will go every week due to the price, but definitely once in a while.I came here for restaurant week and it was fantastic!! Restaurant week isnt the best time to experience good customer service, but Lacroix was amazing. The waiters were all very very attentive and friendly, and the food was awesome. I'd def go for the sunday brunch some time! 
Did I mention how great the service was again? Some of the best I've ever experienced in philly, to be certain =)Exceptional food, exceptional service! Best restaurant in Philadelphia! Other restaurants just don't compare on service and ambience! I had corn chowder for an appetizer and lamb for the main course. My significant other had branzino (fish) with Israeli cous-cous mixed with small pieces of lobster. Everything was delicious, cooked to perfection and well presented. The servers were extremely professional, helpful and friendly. They do everything they can to make sure you are satisfied. They like to give you little extras too. For instance, the corn chowder came with a delicious spring roll. We didn't have dessert, but our waiter gave us some miniature cookies anyway. Very classy!
As for ambience, it's very upscale, classy and romantic. The restaurant has distinct dining areas, which gives you a sense of intimacy. It's also quiet, unlike some of the other popular Philadelphia restaurants, which are noisy because they have primarily one large open space. 
The setting inside the Rittenhouse Hotel is very nice as well.
I highly recommend LaCroix for any special occasion, a date night or a night out on the town.Had the tasting menu. Main lobster and Foie Gras Terrine are perfect. Very nice service. I will recommend this restaurant to my friends and definitely come back.Incredibly expensive but actually worth it. The food was delicious, the staff was so friendly, and the drinks were great. I went here for brunch with family and I'm saving up to go again. I feel like choosing just one food to talk about is unfair to the others, but a few highlights were the lamb, oysters, crab claws, and duck. About $110 at the end, but so worth it.We did the chef's tasting wine pairing menu and absolutely loved this place. Our servers were great and the food was amazing... We specifically loved the salmon and the truffle gnocchi dish. The wine we both thought was not the very best, but they certainly poured the tasting glasses high - I was pretty much too drunk to enjoy the cheese cart! It was an amazing meal with a great view of Rittenhouse and I would highly recommend. They even gave us print outs tied very nicely of all of our food and wine choices.I went back again for lunch because I loved the Sunday brunch so much. Of course, we were not expecting it to be the same - and it was not. In my previous review, I said the food was about a 3.5* but I gave it a 5 because everything else was crazy good and fun. The food remains at 3.5* (maybe even a 3* - as a previous reviewer mentioned, the lobster roll IS rather shocking) without the latter half (although I did enjoy the Pork Belly!). Service was still very attentive, albeit impersonal. Still, I loved the view by the window and the general feel of the place was still great and comfortable. I did enjoy my meal there a lot, but it left me feeling a tad "that's it?" and wishing there was more.For $25 per person the buffet is a bit pricey (though cheaper than the prix fixed $75 option). I didn't find the buffet worth the price. There weren't a ton of options - scrambled eggs, bacon, sausage, bagels, fruit, boiled eggs, smoked salmon and slices of cucumber, red onion, and tomato. Honestly I didn't find it worth the price. The food quality was a 2 or 3. The smoked salmon was warm, as if it maybe had been sitting out too long. The eggs were too hard boiled. The mixed berries were my favorite. They were fresh and flavorful.
The staff is attentive and friendly though!Great restaurant!
 We would have never thought to go to a restaurant inside of a hotel but received a gift card so went to check it out on Saturday night.  Everyone that works there is absolutely amazing, the service is wonderful.  
I ordered the tilefish and my boyfriend had the ribeye.  Both were absolutely wonderful.  They have an extensive wine list, so you'll definitely be able to find a great bottle for you.  The presentation of the dishes was lovely as well.  For dessert we had "chocolate" - chocolate cake, chocolate mousse and frozen chocolate milk which was a great size portion to share (and was also delicious and well presented!). 
 We absolutely loved it.  It's pricey so I'd recommend for a special occasion but it's a must try!I went to Lacroix for Valentines Day brunch yesterday and the food was delicious! My favorite dishes were the pork belly sliders and brussel sprouts but the desserts were definitely the best part! They even had a chocolate fondue fountain and homemade ice cream. Despite how great the food was I don't think it was worth paying $100 per person for.