We got the Longanisa dog, lumpia and calamansi juice. As American born Filipina, I felt LALO did a great job at creating dishes that were true to the Philippines, but also mindful of those who are less familiar with Philippine food. I felt like I was brought back to one of my big family parties with the lumpia and back home to moms kitchen with the longanisa, garlic rice, and egg. Truly tasted like a slice of home. Thank you so muchYummy Filipino food. For 35$ we were able to try a little bit of everything family style. I took one star off because the chicken adobo was on the dry side. Overall, I would recommend this place to those to come here who never had Filipino food.Tried the special today. "Tabaching" consisted of garlic fried rice, 3 fried egg rolls, bbq chicken, bbq pork, lumpiang sariwa for $15. Overall, it tasted fine. 
The bbq lacked the traditional flavor of pork or chicken Philippine bbq. Maybe it need to be marinated longer. It was a little dry too. The egg roll was good but needs a different tasting dipping sauce. The sariwa has different vegetables than the traditional sariwa so expect something different so you're not comparing. The garlic rice was flavorful but kind of dry . It seemed some rice grains were hard or not fully cooked. Also, $4.50 is steep for canned juices and $4 bottled soda. 
PS . The Filipino barrel man should be glued to the base. Filipinos will get it but could be very offensive to other cultures and tourists once the whimsical of it is discovered.I ordered the longsilong (sausage over rice) and it was delicious! Who knew rice could be soooo amazing - it was wonderfully flavored with garlic and I couldn't get enough of it. Also got the lumpias, which my daughter and I loved! Toddler and mom approved!I only tried the Lumpia Shanghai (egg roll with pork) and the mango nectar. The mango nectar in a can is what it should taste. The Lumpia on the other hand was a little different for me with the sweet chili sauce. I'm originally from Jersey City, NJ / NYC and the Filipino food around that area is exceptionally delicious and not as expensive as this restaurant. I could give LALO another go another time when I head to Old City again.Been wanting to try this place ever since the bourse opened but was unfortunately very hungover the first time I went and opted for something more nausea friendly instead.
Finally came back and made it a point to get some food from LALO. I got the bas-ka-bob over rice with a soft boiled egg and lumpia add ons. Also got the calamansi drink and the leche flan.
I have to give them props for the cute and different plating. The leche flan came on a wooden looking paper plate with a banana leaf underneath, bringing even more of the culture into the dish.
I really enjoyed the bas-is-bob dish. Being Vietnamese, I really appreciate a solid meat and rice dish with pickled veggies on the side. The chicken was very flavorful and nothing I had was too greasy, including the lumpia. The lumpia were pretty small but tasty. Wish they were a bit longer. Then the leche flan tasted good but was a pretty thick consistency which I'm not used to with other flans so that comes down to a personal preference.
I think LALO has a lot to offer, especially since filipino food is not very common amongst the restaurant scene. For what it is and how much you get though, I think it's a bit overpriced. This might be a general trend in the bourse (maybe rent is high?) but that would be my only qualm. Otherwise it's a great joint and I will surely try it again when I find myself there.Was really excited to see this place open in the Bourse! The decor was fresh and colorful, the staff were helpful and friendly, and the little toys they gave out with your order number on them were fun and unique. I was surprised by their prices, which I guess may seem fine for tourists but are high for locals who are in the surrounding areas.
I got the shrimp roll and my friend got the grilled chicken over rice. Both portions were tiny for the price - not really enough food for a filling lunch unless you're a bird. The chicken was two small skewers over a small serving of rice, and the shrimp roll was also very small, with a few chips. The shrimp roll was very good, served cold - light and well-marinated. The chicken skewers and rice were fairly bland. 
All in all, we enjoyed the food but probably would not return at this point unless the prices and portions shift. Still leaving a 4-star review within the Bourse because if you're set on eating lunch there, this is a great place to go and the lunch prices at the Bourse are generally higher than average for the area for what you get.Love Lalo. Everything is delicious and fresh. The portion sizes are good, not too big, not too small. The service is always friendly. Highly recommend!Having been to Philly a few times, I was excited to visit Bourse Market. It's a renovated food hall, very bright and clean. There are plenty of options to choose from, with food ranging from grilled cheese, to dumplings, to cheesesteaks. We walked around the entire market before deciding on La Lo. 
La Lo serves Filipino food. I was familiar with all the items and was excited to try some dishes. We ordered lumpia to share and each got an order of longsilog. Lumpia are fried Filipino egg rolls and they were delicious. The dipping sauce was light and flavorful. The longsilog is Filipino sausage; their version is served with garlic rice, vegetables, and a soft boiled egg. The longsilog was awesome, with the egg and rice, it was a fantastic combination. 
The staff was very friendly and helpful. Philly is lucky to have a great spot to try Filipino food!Been waiting years for a Pilipino food joint to pop up  near Center City. It's a hip version of the mom and pops restaurants I grew up with in Manila and Southern California, but still keeping comfort and soul of the food without all the frills. This is what Pinoy food should be, down to earth, accessible and made from the heart.Absolutely incredible food. I, admittedly, have not had a lot of Filipino dishes in the past.  However my wife and I have developer quite a taste for the deliciousness out of this kitchen.  The pork BBQ over rice with pickeled veggies is incredible.  Perfectly cooked with amazing flavors.  Crispy pork belly is mouth watering.  Add an egg for an even more greatness.  Longanisa is fantastic...a sausage with so many flavors.  The rice is perfectly prepared and for a simple but great side, the spring rolls hit the spot.  Definitely worth a trip to the Bourse to check out. You will not be disappointed.Among the new eateries in the revamped Bourse food court is this Filipino spot.  La Lo is a play on words in Tagalog for Grandma and Granddad - both of whom have inspired the owner of this eatery.  The menu is not very long and indeed a few familiar Filipino dishes that I think could lend themselves easily to fast food status (e.g. Pancit) are not included.  In fact there are only five items currently on the menu.  Fortunately the one I tried - Lumpia Sariwa - was very good....(though I wasn't quite sure if I was to use the crepe underneath to roll up food in it and then eat it.)  To me Lumpia are kinda like spring rolls so this def looked different.  But it tasted good and had a very nice flavor mixture.  A Gina calamansi juice was the perfect beverage to go with my dish.  If you've never tasted refreshing Calamansi Juice, this is your opportunity.
All in all, it's nice to have something different in a food court and this Filipino café is indeed just that!So excited that this cute Filipino food spot has opened in The Bourse!
My belly screamed for Inihaw (grilled pork with atchara over garlic rice) and Lumpia Shanghai, but I took a risk with the seasonal Shrimp Roll ... and didnt regret it! Omg those lovely chips are perfectly salty.
They have short hours (11A-4P, M-Sat) for now, but they expect to stay open later (7P) in the next few weeks.
Any chance of mega bags of honest to goodness chicharon with suka? Please?!
Prices are reasonable, location is accessible, staff super friendly, and food is delicious. I'm a fan!Amazing authentic Philipino food. Very friendly owner and service.
Lumpia: is very crispy not too greasy filled with meat. Definitely get this.
Flan: delicious with perfect sweetness and density. Highly recommend.
Container except for the porridge is environmentally friendly.
Chicken rice porridge: special menu. It's a chicken congee with ginger. Really refreshing. Perfect for cold winter day.First time at The Bourse and was excited to see this, especially as I saw a list online saying that this was the best offering at the Bourse. Overall, I think this place is probably the most interesting and unique vendor that I saw. 
Anyway onto La Lo experience, I ordered the Longanisa dog (sweet garlic pork sausage) for $10 and the mango juice for $3.50. The person working at the counter was pleasant and kind. However, they worked at a snail's pace to get my food. It was a bit past the peak dinner hour, and I was the only customer waiting. I really was not sure what they were doing, and I was seriously considering reminding them that I had ordered some food. However, I don't mind lackluster service if the food is good.
Onto the food. The longanisa dog was quite pleasant. Certainly quite a departure from the traditional kielbasas, sausage, and hot dogs with the longanisa dog having more of a sweet more gentle flavor with notes of savory meat. While it is not the same thing, it kind of reminded me of Chinese roasted pork (Char siu). The bun was sweet with a bit of a chewiness that worked well. The entire sausage was seasoned with a creamy sauce and garnished with some scallion. The sauce added a much needed savoriness to the sausage and the scallion contributed a nice refreshing crunch. 
The order came with a bit of chips that had a nice satisfactory crunch but was a bit under-seasoned. They did have spicy chili vinegar and fish sauce as condiments; the chips were improved with the addition of the former. 
The mango juice ($3.5) was just from a can. It was good, but wow, was the markup steep. You could get it for a fraction of that cost from Amazon or from Chinatown.
My biggest complaint about this was the price. The entire $10 meal with the sausage+bun with the chips was contained in a paper container that would normally be used to store a small order of fries. Was the food good? Sure. Was it phenomenal? No-- it was okay. If the price point was lower, this would have easily been a 3 star review. I get that this is in a touristy part of town, but so is Chelsea Market in NYC. At least the food there is generally at least really good even for the price.I am half Filipino and grew up in California with the surplus of pancit. I am GF and was really happy to find this cute little food court area and LALO had something for me! The food is not your authentic Filipino cuisine so please keep that in mind. However, it is a great place to eat something wholesome and I mean who doesn't love okra? I was being a tourist and came about this after a long day of walking around for lunch.For dinner, we decided to go casual and try somewhere new! We found our spot- The Bourse! Inside the beautiful and historic building, you will find a variety of restaurants. You can find everything from pancakes to Filipino food!
My husband and I chose the Filipino cuisine at Lalo! I chose the Long Si Log which is pork sausage, garlic rice, and a soft egg. This dish was touched on all taste buds and textures! I thoroughly enjoyed the dish. Greg ordered the Lechon Kawali which is crispy pork belly with garlic rice. I tried a bite of Greg's dish and the pork belly was nicely rendered and actually crispy. Delicious!My family is from the Philippines, so I'm admittedly a little biased toward Filipino cuisine. Especially being from NJ, where Filipino food is quite ubiquitous, I'm very happy to see it making strides in the Philly area scene.
Putting that aside, though, I wouldn't rate this place highly if the food wasn't up to snuff! They did a nice job with putting a new spin on a traditional Filipino dish, so I'm a fan and would like to try more food here in the future.
We decided to have lunch at the Bourse, and I'd been wanting to try Lalo. My wife is GF, so I wanted to get something that she could try some of. They don't have a huge menu, and only one of them is truly GF (one doesn't have gluten in it but uses a shared fryer) - the longsilog. I appreciated that they were knowledgeable about the sensitivity and cooked the sausage in a separate pan as to avoid contamination on the grill.
The longsilog was very tasty, albeit on the small end (not bad for the price, though). The longanisa sausage wasn't the typical one I'm used to that's bright red and super sweet and fatty, but it was tasty - a little more meaty and smoky, yet still with that sweet taste. The garlic fried rice was yummy, and the soft egg was awesome (I think I saw a sous-vide back there). What made it all even better, though, was the sour vegetable slaw. Even though it's a side, it provides perfect contrast with the rest of the dish. I really enjoyed the dish!
I'd love to try more of their food on future visits. It's great that the leche flan is GF, and I hope they add more options!I am half Filipino and grew up in California with the surplus of Filipino food. I am GF and was really happy to find this cute little food court area and LALO had something for me! The food is not your authentic Filipino cuisine so please keep that in mind. However, it is a great place to eat something wholesome and I mean who doesn't love okra? I was being a tourist and came about this after a long day of walking around for lunch. I got the Bicol Express and it was filling and the veggies were not overcooked which I loved.Favorite place for filipino food when I can't eat home cooking. Long time fan of their inihaw. Just tried their aroz caldo and leche flan, can't wait to order again!As a Filipino who grew up in dense Filipino community in LA, my ancestors would have been mad if I rated this place with more than a 3/5.
3/5 Food = The food is OK. I am probably the biggest critique on Filipino food since I grew up eating it all my life here in America and when I visit the Philippines. Their Lechon Kawali is probably the most disappointing one I have ever tried since their sauce wasn't even close to lechon sauce and the portion was so small for $12. However, their Lumpia Shanghai was good! I would recommend trying them. I didn't really enjoy drinking their Blueberry Kalamansi Iced Tea since I expected the Kalamansi taste to be more predominant. The Leche Flan was OK, not the best, but still worth a try. 
5/5 Service = People working at the cash register are very nice! Didn't have a problem with them whatsoever, and they even gave me kiwi and mango flavoured gummies! 
Overall, I would define this place as a hipster Filipino joint. I know they are trying to target millennials to eat here, but no way would my parents would agree to eat here. If you want to try OG Filipino Food, I would recommend making trek across the bridge to South Jersey where there are a few Filipino restaurant gems there!Lunch time and found a Filipino food place at The Boarse food court. My son ordered the Pork Laing- pork with kale stewed in coconut milk. I ordered the grilled pork- marinated sweet pork over rice and pickled veggies.  The food were ok. What would you expect from a food court right?  They were not the Filipino dishes that I expected. The portion were kinda small compared to other Filipino restaurant. However, the San Miguel beer was good though!!!! Lol!!!Food is great. Was craving Filipino food really badly and loved how convenient it was to just come here and get vegan Kare-Kare.I really enjoyed this new Filipino joint at the bourse. We got the lumpia Shanghai which is lemongrass egg rolls that were bite sized and enhanced by the chili dipping sauce. I also enjoyed the chicken baskabob sandwhich which was sweet and a touch spicy. The staff recommended I mix the two juices - the mango and calamansi juices - great idea. Highly recommend if you want to give Filipino food a try!My in-laws are Filipino and this taste just like their cooking! Food game out hot and delicious. Such a great place to visit if you're in Philly.Yummm. This place is amazing ! I got an order of lumpia and pork sausage with rice/egg and veggies. I waited for a bit to get my food but it looked so delicious once it came out :) the lumpia is crispy and perfectly fried. The pork sausage was delicious and filling. The garlic rice was garlic goodness. The soft-boiled egg was perfection. The whole dish was great and super filling. Im glad I chose this place out of all the options at the food hall. Prob one of the best meals I've had in awhile :) can't wait to come back and try more food items !For those of you looking for the incredibly well done and tasty dishes like kaldereta, pork belly and lechon kawali you read about in early reviews, be warned. They're not there any more. When LaLo first opened, I just loved it. It was the only place in the Bourse I ate at. Now, they've scrapped their interesting, varied  street food menu for the generic protein + rice platters you get in bad Cantonese shopping mall restaurants. I was so disappointed. I guess they are trying to appeal to a wider clientele, but damn, LaLo, you lost this customer.This past weekend my boyfriend and I went to the Bourse on Saturday around 2 pm. I ordered the Filipino beef stew (Kaldereta) which came with garlic rice. It was really flavorful and delicious. Plenty of chunks of beef but the overall dish was a bit on the small side. 
A while back I also tried the longanisa dog at a festival. It was also very delicious and I would like to try it again at the bourse to see what the actual portion size is like. 
The bourse is a really nice place to grab food and I'm glad to see places like La Lo here!Yummy eatery excellent customer service. I even got a side of garlic rice. The customer service is also great!Addicting and delicious Filipino food. My favorite is the Bicol express which has a coconut base with ginger, tofu and veggies; another favorite is the lechon kawali. The lechon kawali is crispy and delicious with a side of dipping sauce. Other lechon kawali I have had in the past from other Filipino places just wasn't up to par to the crispiness. The garlic rice with all the meals pairs well with all the proteins.I stopped into The Bourse last night and my girlfriend and I made our first visit here. As a number of other reviews mention, this has the advantage of being one of a pretty small amount of Filipino offerings in Philly, and I was excited to check it out. I used to date a Pinay and was in the Philippines a could of times, so I have built-in appreciation for their cuisine, and have always wondered if a time would come where their food got the wave of popularity here that Vietnamese and soup dumplings have in recent years. 
I ordered the lechon dish, my girlfriend got the lumpia, only wanting a snack. I was very happy with my lechon - it came nice and crispy on the outside, had an appropriate amount of melt-in-the-mouth flavorful fat in the middle of the porkbelly, and nice, tender meat; the way it's supposed to. The dish was simple and complimentary - the garlic rice was good on its own and way better still with the dipping sauce poured on top of the whole dish. The halved cherry tomatoes and pickled onions (?) on the side were minor additions, but I'd rather it have them than not. 
The lumpia, which I tried, didn't hit the spot quite as much, but they were still pretty good. It might just be as simple as them tasting a bit different from the ones I use to have, which tended to be thicker than these and include diced potatoes and/or carrots. But with that said, these still tasted satisfying dipped lightly in the sweet sauce they came with. 
I thought the place was a bit pricey for the value, but I expect that will be common in the Bourse. I'll be back even knowing that - they have a strong combination of quality, rarity, and easy accessibility for me.Came here all the way from MD per friends' recommendation. I love the fast food idea of home cooked meal, and it's Filipino food! My boyfriend and I shared the vegan kare-kare, caldereta, lumpia, and of course the San Miguel beer! The vegan Kare-kare was tender! I'm not vegan so I cannot eat kare-kare without the bagoong (fried shrimp paste) it doesn't taste right without it. Caldereta was good too! And I loved the lumpia. Growing up in a Filipino household, and obviously having Filipino food cooked for me all the time, I just don't see the reason to pay too much for it. But either way, I enjoyed Lalo. The workers there were very nice as well.If you're looking for something different, I would try La Lo.  There aren't many Filipino establishments in the area, so this might be your one chance.  
I went with some co-workers during lunch at the Bourse. There was no line, they make your food to order, so everything comes out fresh.  I ordered the Loginisa dog and Lumpia.  The dog was served on a bed of rice with pickled relish and poached egg, you get that nice runny egg yolk over the rice.  The flavors complemented each other well, the arrangement is similar to Vietnamese rice dishes, without the fish sauce.    
Solid food, a little pricey, but everything at the Bourse is, assuming that is due to the rent prices that needs to be covered.  It's something that you should try if you've never tasted Filipino food before.A few weeks back, I enjoyed a beautifully nourishing vegan meal from LALO for the first time, courtesy of GH delivery. I'd been eating like garbage and was trying to do my body right. So I wanted a plant-based meal that wouldn't bore me to tears *and* fill me up post-workout. 
I ordered the Bicol Express -- a melange of tofu, veggies, coconut milk, ginger, and garlic rice, plus a cup of their atchara. It was heaven.
My sister and I stopped at the Bourse Food Court yesterday, and we were both famished from biking and walking around Independence Mall and Old City. I decided it was prime time for Bicol Express #2, and I was right. This dish was even better straight from LALO's little kitchen and right into my belly. I added on a side of lumpia, too, and these little spring rolls were divine crispy parcels of goodness, served with a sweet chili sauce that had me quadruple dipping. 
Sis went for the bas-ka-bob over garlic rice and devoured it. I snuck a bite of her chicken and it was bomb af. So about that garlic rice, which is dynamite... You really get a pop of garlic flavor in each bite. I love that!
The owner, Jill, is such a lovely person. Beautiful inside and out, and passionate about Filipino food and culture and sharing it with Philly. We're lucky to have LALO, which served as our grand introduction to Filipino cuisine. The prices are reasonable for what you get. We'll both be going back!Glad we stumbled into this place. After a long day doing tourist things, my family and I decided to go  inside this building called 'Bourse.' Little did we know we will find this gem of a place! The girl that greeted us was very welcoming...and cute. We weren't even hungry but she sold us on a couple of entrees. We weren't complaining tho because once we received our orders, they were was delish!! It was just what we needed! The lechon kawali was cooked to perfection and the lumpia was just perfect to share. We also ordered a couple of beverages. Too bad we have to go back to L.A. and can't visit this place anymore. But if you're in town, make sure you visit this place. You will not regret it.An awesome surprise to find right across from the Liberty Bell. We are full blooded Filipino's who love to cook and eat together as a family activity. We met up with family from VA and Hawaii at this place and ordered the meal for 4 x 2 since there are 8 adults and 2 kids in our group. The garlic rice was good, the lechon kawali was as it should be crispy and melts in your mouth, the lumpiang shanghai was okay, the atchara (pickled papaya) was a little bit to crunchy and cut too big, the longanisa tasted more like a sweet Italian sausage instead of the Filipino sweet and I mean sweet and garlicky sausage. The downer for me was the "bicol express". It's Vegan they said. But it is no where close to a Bicol Express in taste and look. I don't mind Vegan food but calling it Bicol Express is so misleading. Please change the name. Great counter people! They carry the hospitality, warm smile and welcome of a Filipino.Longanisa hotdog was so dry and flavorless that I had to add sand to moisten and add flavor.  The dry doggie toy-like sausage was so far removed from actual good traditional longanisa, that I fear that if someone tries Filipino food for the first time at this outpost, they would be put off from ever eating Filipino food ever again.  Sayang naman.LALO caught my eye when I visited the Bourse my first time. As I was placing my order at the counter for the Filipino beef stew, I saw the daily special for blood sausage silog, which  is like a garlic fried rice with blood sausage. I've had silog before and thought it would be nice to have it again today. I immediately asked if I could change my order even though the guy at the counter had already rang me up for a beef stew and I was about to pay. He was super cool about it and changed my order for me. He also advised that I pour this vinegar over my silog because it goes with the dish and I would enjoy it more. At $8, this was a sweet deal. The silog was served with a side of egg salad, and some pickled veggies, and topped with a fried egg. It was a tasty, well balanced lunch and I hope they would add this to their regular menu!There aren't many Filipino fast-food restaurants in Philadelphia, and I want this one to stay. Great if you're missing home and crave some quick comfort food. Most of all, I'm happy that I don't have to spend hours prepping lumpia or going back home to get my fix. Thank you, LALO!The food is YUMMMMMYY! Will be back soon. I had the pork dish and a side of kale and it was delicious.It was my first time trying Filipino food and I would say I want to try more.
Among all the vendors at Bourse, I chose Lalo because it was so different from others. I asked for a recommendation from the owner, and chose to order Bas-ka-bob over rice.
The flavor was awesome! The smoky chicken was very well cooked without any parts that looked undercooked. The owner cautioned me that it would be spicy but I didn't feel anything. The sauce on the top is more sour and tangy than spicy.
The rice and vegetable salad was a good complement to the meat. And I loved the overall presentation of the dish with banana leaf! It really speaks to its origin.
Another thing I loved about this place was that the owner seemed to know his regular customers. In a market setting, they can really miss out on customer service but he was on top of it!!
I will come back to try other dishes for sure. The drinks also sounded really good :)The food tasted good for sure, but I wasn't blown away. The meal portion was a bit on the smaller side, which I guess is pretty typical when ethnic cuisines try and be trendy. The value for money wasn't so much the issue in this case but that I was hungry after the meal. The pork belly was tasty and the tomatoes worked really well with the dish. More sauce would have made the meal perfect and a little less dry. I have a feeling I would have been more satisfied with a hole-in-a-wall Filipino restaurant outside of Center City.The new Bourse is already looking promising! I've been following LaLo since they announced they snagged a plot in the new food court so I was super excited to make it down for the soft opening. I got the inihaw and took a bite from my boyfriend's longanisa dog. Admittedly, I can't pick a favorite between the two! The bun on the dog was grilled and anything super garlicky is a winner in my book! The chicken skewers in the inihaw dish were cooked to PERFECTION and the sauce was unlike anything I've ever had. My only critique is the rice was a bit undercooked so it still had a mild chalky texture. The portions themselves are also more of a snack size than a meal, so I hope in the future there are sizes added for us hungry folkThis place is excellent. I had never had Filipino food so I wasn't sure what to expect. I was very happily surprised. I ordered the Bicol Express and loved it. I was impressed with how fresh and flavorful the veggies were and the addition of garlic rice made for a super combination. Delicious!  With terrific food and outstanding, friendly service, I highly recommend checking out this place.La Lo.. YUMMMMM
I walked around the entire The Bourse looking for something vegetarian or vegan. Almost at the last stop I found La Lo. 
I ordered the Vegan Kare-Kare it is a 
peanut stew, smoked shiitake, grilled eggplant, green beans, & bok choy over garlic rice; this comfort will put you to sleep. So flavorful and you can tell this dish took some time to marinate.
I look forward to trying more items with hopes one day they will make veggie lumpia; if they did that I would probably be there everyday.I got the Filipino sausage with lumpia and it was soooo good! It's great to see more diversity in old city! The Bourse is a great spot to try a bunch of different foods.The best spot in the Bourse in my opinion! The lumpia is fantastic, probably the best I've ever had. I also tried the long si log which was delicious as well. As other reviews have mentioned, it's quite pricey for the portion size, but as someone who doesn't eat a lot of Filipino food, it was definitely a treat here!So excited to have a Filipino place so close by! The shop is cute within the newly renovated Bourse. Staff was friendly and they give you a cute toy with your order number on it. The wait was 5-10 minutes for my order of the hot dog and lumpia. The lumpia was really good! The hot dog was pretty small and for the price I expected a lot more. I shared this with a friend thinking an order each would be enough but we were both pretty hungry after. Worth a try, especially with the lack of Filipino places around but a bit on the pricey side for the quantity.Food & price point: 3.25 Out of 5
Ordering the lechon kawali meal, al la carte lumpia shanghai, and a water bottle cost us $23.22 out the door. As my family would say más mahal (that's expensive)! I don't mind supporting local businesses, but for the amount of food we received relative to price we paid it's difficult for me to recommend this place to other people. If the reason the price is higher because of breaking even to pay rent at the Bourse I would recommend some other location.
Service: 5 Out of 5
The two people that served me were friendly, swift, & professional. Great service
Environment: 5 Out of 5
The Bourse is a great meeting location, right off the L. Inside the Bourse Lalo is has a family style bench our group sat at.
Overall: 3.75 Out of 5
As a fellow Filipino-American raised on home cooking I was disappointed by the portion to price point ratio second to the food being more Americanized. If I were the owner I'd focus more creatively about delivering Filipino cuisine to the unfamiliar folks, moving to another location for cheaper rent, and or owning a food truck to get more exposure. A fantastic Filipino American food truck blazing trails in San Francisco-Bay Area is Senor Sisig!I love Lalo so so much and bringing me back to food from my childhood is soul healing in more ways than I can articulate. I've had them cater parties, brought out of towners, and introduced all my non Filinpx friends to some new cuisine. I've surely missed eating this delicious and authentic food all lockdown and I'm so excited to come back.It was my first time at La Lo (and at Bourse food hall) and my first time eating Filipino food.  I was with a friend, and we didn't know what to order.  We went with the Tabaching combo option which consisted of garlic fried rice, 3 fried spring rolls, bbq chicken, and lumpiang sariwa for $15.  We wanted to get a taste of everything, and this was the perfect dish to share for both of our first experiences.  
So I cannot speak to the authenticity in form or taste of La Lo's food, but I really enjoyed my first Filipino food experience there! The chicken skewers and fried spring rolls were really good.  I really didn't know what to expect with the lumpiang sariwa, but it was similar to a crepe filled with sauteed vegetables and overall, pretty good! 
I'd definitely be back to try some of the other things they offer!I tried this on a whim when walking through the Bourse. The vegan Laing is dooooooooope. And gluten free!!! I haven't tried anything else on the menu but I've had the Laing a few times. If you're not vegan, add an egg!! It's so good.There aren't many Filipino places in Philly, so when I saw that there was one in The Bourse, I knew I had to try it out. I knew coming in that this was not a typical Filipino spot- it's modernized, showing the innovation that the younger generations of Filipinos can bring to the table but probably also a way to appeal to the non-Filipino crowds. It's like there are two types of Filipino restaurants- the no-frills comfort food places attached to small Filipino markets that make you feel like your mom cooked the meal, and modernized/fusion Filipino places that make you feel like you're living in 22nd-century Manila. Lalo is the latter.
I came here on a Sunday morning after finishing up a photoshoot at Photo Pop, so I opted for their Sunday special spamsilog (spam, garlic fried rice and egg), blueberry calamansi iced tea, and leche flan. There was only one person in front of me, so my food came out quickly.
Blueberry calamansi iced tea- refreshing, but I was struggling to pick out the hints of calamansi (Philippine citrus fruit) in the drink. It may have been a bit dilute. Nevertheless, refreshing, and it lasted for the entirety of my meal.
Spamsilog- The menu said it was a pineapple-glazed spam which really enticed me, but I didn't really taste any pineapple glaze in the spam, whether it was a super light coating that the spam absorbed or if it was cooked into the spam. It simply tasted like a charred spam, but I really enjoyed the suka (vinegar) that came with it- it had a spicy kick that helped add another level of flavor to the spam. The soft egg was NICE, the runny yolk flowed out so smoothly (warranting an instagram-worthy boomerang). The garlic fried rice was great as well, the garlic wasn't overpowering (I actually don't like garlic too much, so this was perfect for me). The overall portion was just right because I left with no leftovers and no feelings of an oncoming food coma.
Leche flan- the leche flan came out looking like the FLAN EMOJI and with a lot of extra sugar syrup down the sides. The texture of the flan was perfect, but my only complaint was that with my particular flan at least, the caramelized sugar syrup (my favorite part) tasted slightly burnt and too bitter for my taste. Again, the consistency was on point, jiggly yet firm.
As some of the other reviewers have mentioned, this is a rather hipster Filipino spot that may be targeted at the younger foodies (like me) more so than the older generations. I think I would have some hesitation bringing my parents here, who are used to the milder, less complex flavors of traditional cooking. Because I grew up going to the Filipino markets, I'm generally cautious of modernized places (which have seemed to be popping up a lot recently) and how well they present tradition to non-Filipino audiences. However, I really, really appreciate Lalo's own approach to these traditional dishes! If it's making Filipino food more accessible to the general crowd, then by all means- as long as the Philippine roots are there by the end of the meal, I think that's what matters.
Point is, if you're looking for pure, traditional Filipino food, this place may not be wholly representative of it. Turo-turo style stores over in South Jersey will be as close to home-cooked meals as you can get, but you won't find many non-Pinoys eating there. You can thank places like Lalo, located among pizza and burger and sandwich vendors, for helping bring more recognition to Filipino culture and cuisine, which we have lacked for years as an "invisible" minority.
I follow Lalo on Instagram and am kept up to date with all of the new drinks and dishes they create and add to their menu. They certainly aren't afraid of experimentation and that's what I like about them! Will definitely be back to try something new!Tasty fast food!
House made sausage wasn't as fatty as I thought it would be, was quite lean, layered on top of a slightly al dente fried rice with crunchy Lumpia on the side.  The soft runny egg served well to eggslime the rice adding a rich flavor.  The veggie-slaw on the plate were a bit too sour for me and I might ask to forgo them in the future.  
At 8:30pm and most other places in the food hall shuttered for the evening, save for a bar and a dessert venue, LALO being open until 9pm is a welcome sight.
The decor of the food hall was quite interesting and definitely a nice place to sit and eat quickly for lunch or dinner.The Bourse is a recent-ish food court right next the liberty/bell independence hall area. Inside this food court there's a variety of local, hip restaurants with Lalo being one of the stronger contenders. Filipino restaurants are pretty sparse in Philadelphia (with Perla being a pricey exception), so I was excited to try this out. I ordered the bbq pork and was BLOWN AWAY. 
The pork platter comes with garlicky rice, pickled tomatoes and radish, and this beautiful, crispy fried pork that shatters in your mouth. The platter also comes with a soy sauce with a vinegar kick that makes the rice so good I could eat it alone. The flan is creamy, dense, and full of rich custard/caramel flavor--the perfect end to any meal. 
I can't vouch for the authenticity (although I asked my Philippine co-worker, who says it is pretty authentic), but I can vouch for its deliciousness. The only gripe I have is I wish there was more pork! Although I will say it is a comfortable portion that will make you full but not stuffed.Sampled the Pork Adobo Siopao- CAN I GET AN AMEN. This was decadent! The sweet sauce was a delight to my palate coupled with the amazing texture of the soft bao. Staff was friendly! Place was clean!Just no. I was in the area taking my family to some tourist attractions and we stepped into the Bourse for a quick bite. I'm usually a fan of food halls, especially the ones in NYC. Usually a group of unique restaurants where I can get a bite from different places and create a smorgasbord. I grew up in an area with a lot of Filipino's so I love the food and was excited to have easy access in this moment. Well, I ordered the Adobo chicken and this was the DRIEST chicken that I've had in a long time and it also was flavorless. It was a large portion and I just tossed it and went on with my life. What a waste.As a Filipino I am hesitant to go out and eat Filipino food (why buy it when we can make it at home). My girlfriend loves Filipino food so Lalo was one of the vendors we decided to try out during our visit to The Bourse. 
This menu has many of the popular Filipino dishes and comfort foods that I grew up loving. We ordered the long si log, which is Filipino sausage that came with sunny side up egg, garlic rice, and pickled vegetables; this is a very traditional brunch dish that they sell in the Philippines and what my mom cooks on the weekends. They do a pretty good rendition of it. It's hard finding good longanisa, but they either imported some good stuff or made it quite well in house. The garlic fried rice was also done well, it had really strong tastes of garlic which I love. We also ordered lumpia shanghai which is Filipino eggrolls. Each order contains a good amount, but they are tiny. It was crispy and tasty but expensive for the quantity. 
They also had in stock a lot of popular Filipino beverages. We got calamansi juice (Filipino lemonade), and I got to try the most popular beer in the Philippines for the first time, San Miguel. 
Overall it was a good, nostalgic experience for me. My girlfriend really enjoyed all the food and drinks we ordered. We would definitely come in again and try other dishes. Nothing can beat my mom's cooking though!