I've been here twice. Each time the service is elevated! Beautiful setting, five star customer service, high quality food, and reasonable pricing.Absolutely horrible service. Im here now and honestly it is the worst service I have ever had at a restaurant. We were NEVER seated and had a reservation for 9 o'clock. It is now 10:30. There are plenty of booths and tables available but apparently they are reserved for people who aren't here and don't seem to be coming. The hostess could not have been ruder. I've been to this Landmark plenty of times but this service compelled me to write a review. TERRIBLE serviceThe deals are great! Happy hour is definitely worth stopping by! Great location and even better atmosphere. The staff are very helpful and attentive. When the weather gets warm the outside bar is a great place to hang. 
The mints at the front host's stand are a great treat for the end (or beginning) of your meal. 
The sea food bisque is da bomb!!!! 
Desserts are huge!Terrible service. I had to wait an entire 30 minutes after being seating for a waitress to even come to get our drink orders. Even after this, they forgot to bring drinks for HALF of the table. We waited for about an hour for our food to come out, and it was subpar at best. Cheap food, but not worth the trouble. Save yourself a headache and eat elsewhere.Pretty decent for for when it's late and you don't feel like cooking. I ordered the fish and chips. The delivery was very speedy and actually came faster than the estimated grub hub delivery time. Can't give it a full two stars though, only because someone was extra heavy handed with the salt.  less than a tsp would have sufficed. I did not need half the whole shaker on my fries. I  honestly was expecting an actual order of traditional chips (Thick sliced potatoes) with my fish not french fries. I'll probably order from them again though.This place was very awesome! I am all about service! The moment I reached hostess staff I was greeted not as another person on a busy Friday night but with a huge smile and welcome! Everyone was great! Bartenders and servers and management! For a nice view of the game and good eats and GREAT SERVICE come here! Im from the south..this place shows me this is really a city of brotherly love! Thanks MIKE the manager and this wonderful staff!Reading the reviews, I'm surprised that so many people have complained about the service.  They're always friendly to Boyd and I.  We go to Landmark often, and we always order the same things.  I've had the grown up grilled cheese before, as well as the seafood bisque and the caesar salad, but I have to say that I can't resist the salmon BLT (sans bacon, of course, but they did give me red onion to supplement the flavor when I asked).  It's not an over-processed patty, it's actual salmon, which is refreshing.  Boyd always enjoys his burgers.  We love the crab fondue.  The highlight of our night is the brownie sundae; I just wish it was big enough to adequately share.  I'm sorry that others have had poor experiences, but Landmark is a frequent favorite of ours when we have some extra money to waste.Definitely one of my top favorite places on campus as a Drexel student- I've been going here since freshman year (shoutout to their contribution to my freshman fifty). The staff is nice and the waitresses/bartenders do pay attention to you as well. Awesome crowd, young and hype keeping the place pretty alive!
They have really good deals every day (i.e. Tuesdays $3 Blue Moons, Thursdays 1/2 off well drinks, etc) and their Happy Hour is great too (discounted appetizers, $3 oak and cokes/sangaria and more). My favorite thing to get are their hot mess fries (it isn't on the menu anymore and comes with cheese, jalapenos, and bacon) and their landmark nachos (I usually get vegetarian because the meat makes it soggy). 
Whenever someone visits me, this is my go-to spot- so I'd def recommend this to anyone!I enjoyed this place. The furniture could use an upgrade, but the food was pretty good.
And OMG, the brussel sprouts with bacon pieces and balsamic vinegar were the highlight of the meal!
Service was good.I came here for a late night dinner during a recent visit to Philadelphia. The location was really convenient, as it was walking distance from where I stayed. Usually I struggle to find something that I want to eat at restaurants that specialize in American fare. This restaurant, however, had a good veggie flatbread. It was nice to have a vegetarian option that had more veggies than bread and cheese. The showstopper was the $2 drink special. Whenever I'm in the area again, I'd stop by again.Drinks were fun, drinks were great. SERVICE from our server  Kristine was amazing She was geeatBest bar in Philadelphia, by far. The wait staff is horrible, the drinks are weak, and the crowd is unfriendly; it truly is perfection. I like to play a little game called: "see who can drink enough Narragansett that you wake up enrolled at Drexel pursuing a gender studies degree." And, guess what, guys? I always win.
I like their disco fries. You have to order them off-menu and really argue with the waitress for a while, but when she comes back with that lukewarm tray of gravy, fries, and (likely) spit, you're going to feel like your foodie adventures have finally reached the Anthony Bourdain pinnacle that you have been chasing for years. I drink 6 or 7 of these Oak & Coke cocktails before she can even clear the plate, and then usually I'll go take a nap in my Honda Civic house car out front. But, that's not all. They even have an outdoor bar where I can blare Seger tunes on my iPhone while telling co-eds about my health problems. This place just couldn't get any better!
You ever match with a beautiful girl on Tinder and then she starts to send you links to cam girl sites and you wake up wondering where your rent money went? That's kind of what eating at Landmark feels like. It's a true American experience, a Philadelphia past-time, and an event truly deserving every star I gave it. Long live America and long live Landmark.See, when it comes to yelpin out chea in these streets, I'm on a different level than most. Most people lay on their belly in their bed, giggling like a scrawny Caucasian woman in a 90s romantic comedy while writing about their experiences in places they've been in WEEKS ago. Sad.
Nah, my G. Over here, we on hashtag F IT I'LL DO IT LIVE. Today, August 29th, 2017 A.D. , at 9:41PM, I'm in this B#^*#, with five sweet and spicy chicken tenders and a three dollar blue moon with an orange that I always forget to tell the B-tenders to omit. 
Sitting next to a chick with a orange slice on the side of your glass is not very masculine, so I'm feeling very invisible and undesirable right now. For a man, even having an orange in your alcoholic beverage on the beach is pushing it. Those little miniature umbrellas are cool, however.
Landmark bartenders(and bartenders in general) , here's a circa 1995 GAMEPRO style PROTIP : Ask THE MAN if he wants a fruit in his wheat beer. 
Drinking beer with a fruit in it makes me CRAVE whey protein and some SIK PUMPS in the temple of Brodin.  If only I wasn't already an innately skinny fit son of a btch with origins from the glorious lands of Africa. 
I digress.
I've been around the world more than that filthy street rat Aladdin and I've NEVER been in a bar where cell phone service is straight up GARBAGE. 
Seriously, I feel like I'm trying to download pron on Compuserve and ish to like a thot's photo on the gram. I'm on Corporate America fully paid for, ultimate warrior level of exuberance phone service, dammit. This is 2017, you feel me? I'm feelin sluggish.
When I'm outside of here, my conversations be A) straight flames and B) ahead of the god damn present time.
You can't text the hoes you act like you're in a relationship with but you're really not. You can't Google how fykkin magnets work. You can't refresh your Facebook page to see if anyone liked your witty Facebook status that you secretly jacked from someone else. 
The hell. And to make matters worse (this is the single man's review btw) where the dimes at? All I see are a bunch of buddy holly or rivers cuomo circa maladroit  lookalikes talking about isosceles triangles and shortcuts to work in this jawn while eating tacos with carrots in it. 
Come on, son. Like your father, I am disappoint.
Landmark is a beautiful place, though. Can house a bunch of people. Spacious. Food is scrumptious. Booze not that expensive. No cover charge. No cavity search. You know what? This is a spot you bring a date that's not quite ready for that good venue, but not about the hood bar where you can get five people drunk for ten bucks.
That average ass medium. Hence three stars.
Yes indeed, family. This is YET another case of a Philadelphia bar when before opening... owners be like : 1. We got booze? check. 2. we got edible food? Chairs? Check and check. What about an identity?
tumbleweed.GIF travoltalookaround.GIF 
In other words, There's no draw to this place.
I'm out of here though. That's my time, yall.
My phone is on 20% and they're playing heavy by Linkin Park, which is very fitting.
HOLDING OOONNNNNNHOHNONNNNNNN
WHY IS EVERYTHING SO HEAVY?This is a great place to go for Drexel and Penn students and I often see many people who are employees at these schools here, too. However, I wouldn't come to Landmark unless I was already close by.  All of the food is decent, but it's also very ordinary. Happy hour offers some good deals on food, but leaves a lot to be desired drink wise.
Service can also be pretty rough at times, but it varies.Not bad, not bad... the wings are kind of small but the flavor was nice. Fries were good too. The service (girlfriend and I sat at the bar) was great, our bartender/server was really nice. If you haven't been before, it doesn't hurt to try esp if it's convenient (got right off 34th st station).I came here for a monday night music bingo, and that was really fun... also fun if you cheat with Shazaam. Just sayin'.
So I am not a fan of my campus having an overpriced bar that attracts bros, so I haven't gone. But they have really great daily specials for beer. Check them out. Okay fine I'll look them up and post them here for you, you twisted my arm...
MONDAY - $3 Coronas ALL DAY
10-12 $3 Margaritas (But just lime ones, and they're weak and very small.)
TUESDAY - $3 Blue Moon ALL DAY
$2 You Call Its
WEDNESDAY - $2 Coors Light ALL DAY
10-12 $3 Three Olives Drinks
THURSDAY - $2 Miller Light ALL DAY
10-12 $2 You Call Its
FRIDAY - $2 Bud Light ALL DAY
10-12 $3 Sweet Teas
SATURDAY - $2 Coors Light ALL DAY
10-12 Absolut and Red Bull
SUNDAY - $2 Miller Light ALL DAY
10-12 $2 Yuengling
HAPPY HOUR MON-FRI 4-7, $2.50 High Life, $3.50 Sangria, 1/2 Finger Food 
They also have some food specials. Here is a link to their specials: http://www.landmarkamericana.com/ph-specials.htm
Sangria is good, but most of the menu seems a bit pricey outside of happy hour... but those nachos... THOSE NACHOS ARE AMAZING.
CAN I JUST SAY THOSE NACHOS ARE AMAZING.
Wait staff is really friendly, patient, helpful. and their nachos are amazing.The quote next to the star rating for 2 stars says "Meh. I've experienced better." That about sums it up.
I got the crab cake sandwich and my partner in crime got the adult grilled cheese. We came in for a quick lunch and it did its job, but sadly, I just don't remember much about the actual food except it was decent. 
Okay. I've sat here for 15 minutes looking at the screen, trying to come up with something witty or informative. I've got nothing for you. It wasn't bad food, the service was fine, but I just can't come up with a memorable thing to say about it... Go if you are looking for standard American fare with decent service in UCity.I went in and placed an order for a bowl of tomato soup. TOMATO SOUP. I brought it back to my apartment only to find a nice hot bowl of marinara sauce. MARINARA SAUCE. I don't even know what to say. They couldn't make tomato soup?! They gave me hot marinara sauce right out of a jar of Ragu and expected me to not complain?! How hard is it to make tomato soup?! Landmark, I usually enjoy your food but you just gave me all the more reason to omit you as a viable option for somewhat decent dining. I could have poured a jar of marinara sauce in a bowl and microwaved it instead of paying $8 for you to do it for me.Great place to hit during happy hour, they have $3.50 red/white sangria's that  are pretty awesome get there at after 4pm and receive 1/2 off finger foods...Three coworkers and I came here for happy hour after work one afternoon. They have a nice outdoor patio with plenty of seating, but that day, there was a distractingly loud musician playing on the patio, so we opted for the indoors.
The inside of Landmark Americana is a little dark, but spacious. Notable happy hour specials included $3.50 sangria and $3 Oak and Coke (Rum and Coke). I expectantly ordered the sangria, but was a little disappointed when it came out, as the only fruit in the whole drink was a single slice of orange perched at the edge of the glass. The rest of the drink was essentially sugary red wine. That being said, the tall glass was only $3.50 so I can't complain too much. Maybe their regular cocktails are better. 
Food-wise, Americana was solid. We ordered an appetizer of soft pretzels, which came in the form of four sticks paired with spicy honey mustard dipping sauce and melted cheese. The pretzels were warm, soft, and carby, just like a pretzel should be. We also got an order of chicken nachos which were HUGE, easily divided among four people with nachos to spare. By the time my order of the Southwest burger with beer battered fries came out, I was pretty stuffed. The burger was meaty and well-cooked, but it was not a gourmet burger. Nonetheless, it hit the spot. The fries were satisfying as well with their crispy shell. Good service was present throughout our meal.
All in all, we had a great time at Landmark. The food is pretty standard bar food, but the happy hour deals are good and the restaurant could easily seat large groups if need be. I wouldn't come here again for the food, but the happy hour prices and company can't be beat!I've been to the Landmark in West Chester many times, so I decided to give the new Philly location a try. I give the "one" star, only because of how poor the service was. My food was so-so (once I got it)...decent beers on tap, but like I said, awful service. My boyfriend and I sat there for 20 minutes until a server even approached us. She didn't know what beers were on tap, and didn't know what flavors of margherita's they had. Unacceptable! It took another 20 minutes to get our drinks, and I'd say 30 more minutes to get our food. Insane! The place wasn't even remotely busy! However, once we got our food..it was decent and we did enjoy it, although it's grossly over-priced. If you go after 11 though, I think they have some specials. I went back to give it a second chance, thinking I just got a bad server and the same thing happened. Awful, awful service. They're either understaffed, or don't know how to train their employees. Either way, I won't be back. Stay away. Go down the street to Mikey's! Much cheaper! Better service!If you have been driving west on Market from Center City, lately, you may have noticed that Drexel has built a new recreation center on the north side of the street between 33rd and 34th. Inside of this building is a restaurant that is a chain from South Jersey. 
Finally, a decent restaurant on campus. It had to happen eventually. It is quite nice inside. There is a bar, a large dining room, and a nice waiting lounge. There is also a private dining area that could probably be cordoned off for office parties and receptions. Also, it is a nice place to be before or after Drexel plays any indoor sports.
The food was pretty good. I had a Reuben sandwich, and it was tasty and came with fries. We also ordered a lobster quesadilla for the table and that was pretty awesome, there were fairly large chunks of lobster chopped up into it. Someone else ordered the little sliders which are cool since they give you a sampling of their older brothers on that plate. She said that the black and bleu one was not all that great, but then again it didn't come with any other toppings aside from the cheese. But the menu has lots of different options.
Though I was not drinking at this lunch, the tap list looked good. There was a limited run of Dogfish Head and Chimay. They also have Duvel Green in bottles in addition to a line-up of customary bottles. There is also a long list of wines, but I am not knowledgeable enough to critique.
Also, you can totally rub elbows with the administration here: I briefly met the Interim President of Drexel, there, today.Location is great and that is about all that is even close to average.  The food was as generic as TGI Fridays and I can actually say lower in quality than any national chain.  I paid way to much for a very below average meal.  I wish this place was better as I live so close to the location.  There are far too many great casual spots and Phila to ever return to this establishment.I love this place! I have been going here since I started college and I love it. However I do have to admit I wish they changed their menu more frequently along with their drink specials. I feel like its a bit repetitive. Their hot mess fries, quesadillas, and all their desserts are amazing. Def worth the try! The location and service has always been great for me. This place is your perfect night out or happy hour session!No wonder this place has only 3 stars. Service was horrible. Took about 15 minutes to get a drink. The server took our order with the drinks order and my "appetizer". I didn't receive until I was finished with my entree. Offered me desert before my appetizer came out. I mean I guess she was tired because she sat with us to take our order. I don't even remember her name, she didn't introduce herself to us. 130 on a Sunday is so busy here. I think they sat us in the minority corner also because we felt so neglected.  never again....and I ain't get no ketchup. And the wings sucked.Simply put, its a great atmosphere.  The menu is pretty good and the prices are fine.  Happy hour here is great, and sometimes you get a live dj on the weekends.  Overall a good place to be . . . doesn't hurt that they have Sam Adams Cherry Wheat on tap!I live out of town and was walking from AMTRAK and knew this was on the Drexel Univ. campus on Market St. 
Asked some students about location and they looked clueless and didn't say anything.  Just think they are not friendly.
But I found it and went inside and it is pleasant with a very friendly staff, from the front counter to waitress to manger.....all pleasant people.
Ordered a great burger with fries and nice cold beer.  Couples there and students with laptops doing homework.
Has a nice long bar and elevated tables to see sports on the large flat screens.
Like this place and will be back.$2.5 ying ling for happy hour and 50 cents wings on sunday. 
Atmosphere is chic and trendy. Good for lounging and just having a good time.We use to go here all the time two years ago. The food isn't as good as it use to be. The last two times I went there, the chicken was very raw on the inside. Very disappointed in how they treated us last time. The manager just said he apologized and couldn't do anything about the chicken. However, the waitresses were very kind to us.the guac was good but pretty boring (i like it with lime and garlic) and i am not into battered fries (aren't they fried enough already?) but I really dug the veggie burger.  very well flavored on a soft warm bun which was perfectly proportioned to the burger.  i often find that a decent burger can be ruined by a bun that is too hard and/or too big.  i will go back for this again!  outdoor firepit seating is great, there were people hanging out with their dogs and the bartender did a decent job with a french martini even though nobody had ever heard of it before.  a chill place.There were three people at hostess counter, but none said hi or good evening. One just opened with, "Do you want to wait for 25 min?" However, one good thing was that the wait wasn't that long, so we were pretty happy to be seated sooner. 
The food was a bit of a disappointment compared to the upbeat, young, trendy vibe of the atmosphere. The Buffalo Chicken Tenders weren't for dipping. Instead, they came out slathered with honey bbq sauce and were rather unappetizing to look at. Maybe the wings are better but don't go for the chicken tenders option.
The Jumbo Lump Crab Cakes sandwich was a mistake. Much too salty, and the crab cake was tiny - barely any crab meat! Sandwich roll was much too buttered.
My friend ordered the Carne Asada and I tried a wrap. Meat was good but wasn't very hot. Doesn't come out as a sizzling platter either. Guac was okay. 
Overall, didn't measure up to its sleek appearance. There are definitely better options around University City for American food.After moving to West Philly in September, Landmark has become one of my favorite places! 
My boyfriend is a Drexel student, and he introduced me to this place. We often go here with some friends to watch a sports game or play quizzo. The bartenders are really friendly, and I dig the overall ambiance! It can get a very "college bar" feel depending on the day, but I don't mind that; plenty of locals frequent here. 
They have cheap late night drink specials just about every night. I especially liked their $3 margaritas they had one Monday night! 
I recently had brunch here, and it was awesome! I had avocado toast, which had guacamole on top of two decent sized pieces of toast, with two sunny side up eggs on top, in addition to a balsamic vinaigrette salad and crispy home fried potatoes on the side. Delicious! I chased it down with a flying fish winter lager. For you Drexel students, brunch is half off! Lucky you! 
Speaking of beer, their beer selection is pretty diverse, so there's something for everyone. And you can't beat $2.50 Narragansett's if that's your style! 
For you sports fans out there, this a great place to watch a game. There are multiple TV's, so you can request which game you want on if there are multiple going on the same night. My boy is a Packers fan, and they've always been respectful enough to put his game on one of the screens. 
Overall, this place is super chill! Check it out!Nacho's with pulled pork. It's prettier before we demolished it. Nice concept, great spin on nacho's.  Did I mention it was good.  I didn't...it was pretty awesomeAlmost by default, Landmark Americana will succeed. Believe me, it is not because the slightly above average bar, or mediocre happy hour. Definitely not for its tolerable bar food. It's proximity to Drexel will all but guarantee its continued success.
College students want access to a bar that has plenty on draft, is close enough to stumble home from and/or is large enough to accommodate any student group. Build it and they will come.Ugh, Landmark...you have such potential, but always fall short! Went here with two girlfriends the other night and was just terribly disappointed. I got the homemade veggie burger and it lacked all flavor! In their defense, my friend got the same thing (she gets it every time and LOVES it). But in addition to the food, the service was just lacking. Our waitress was super nice, but annoyingly ignorant. "How much are the Blue Moons?" "Oh I think they're three, or four, or five dollars. I'm actually not sure. I can check." She comes back and says, "Blue Moons are $5.50." We had to ask for drink refills. The oreo delight dessert was 2 oreo ice cream sandwiches (the ones you get at the gas station) cut in half and topped with whipped cream. Really? If it weren't across the street from the law school, I wouldn't be back...I've been here quite a few time and everything was just A-OK. The service is generally very slow. I recommend sitting at the bar so you can wave down the bartender when you need something. Their happy hour specials keep me coming back. It seems to be the place everyone wants to meet and I am still trying to figure out why.Terrible service. Always so slow. They have good specials but when we ordered a pitcher of beer from our waitress and she disappeared for 30 min. When she finally came back with the beer I asked her to take it off our check because we waited so long. She sends a manager over who was incredibly rude. He offered us half off our $5 pitcher of beer and told me a 30 minute wait for a beer is totally normal. He ended up still charging me full price for the pitcher after telling me I clearly don't know how beer and kegs work. Honestly a ridiculous way to treat guests. Will never come back.I've only tried their brunch, but it is so worth the 50% off on Sundays for Drexel and Penn students!! Generous portions and good food. I'll definitely be back to try their happy hour and drink specials. The deals look good!Firstly: the hostess was extraordinarily rude. The waiter we had was a sweetheart, but there were some other issues with the meal itself that undermined our feelings about his service (we had to ask for place settings after the food arrived, the salad was dressed when we asked for dressing on the side, etc.)I come here for post-work happy hours sometimes.  The food and drink selection is fine and the outdoor seating is nice.  There is always something on special, though the happy hours can be confusing - on multiple occasions even the bartenders haven't been able to tell us what was included.  With that said, the real downfall of this place is lack of organization and poor service.  There are some good waiters and waitresses and they are much appreciated, but many are pretty clueless and don't really care.  I've had beer spilled on me, extra charges put on the bill, things we were told were part of happy hour charged regular price, etc.  Different staff will tell you different things (you can sit here vs. no you can't sit here...what?).  Overall, this place is convenient and delivers food and drink-wise, but can be a frustrating experience due to managerial lapses and poorly trained waitstaff.A solid 3 stars. The place was clean and bright. I could see the bar area but was here for a lunch and the tables were fairly empty. 
The servers were nice (and did a water refill when we ran out). The food was good. I had a large house salad with balsamic vinegar dressing and the salad was fresh and well balanced. The roll was pretty good too. My friend had a salmon burger, which included a pretty hefty piece of salmon with a reduced soy sauce and fries. The fries were pretty good/addicting. Not super crunchy (I love them super crunchy) but they were well seasoned and I kept reaching over to grab more. 
I will definitely try the salmon sandwich next time. I can only give this place 3 stars for now since the salad, while good, was nothing to rave about. Also, mildly disappointed that they had all these tables/chairs/umbrellas set up for outdoor seating, but the area wasn't open. On a beautiful day like yesterday, having the option to sit outside would have been really awesome.If you are a Drexel or Upenn student- totally go here for brunch on the weekends. We went on Sunday and they have a special menu they give you 50% off, so we got 4 full plates of food for 16$. Plus the food was soooo good!! Hot and fresh. I suggest the breakfast nachos because they were amazing!!Great salmon BLT! I liked the atmosphere and the drinks were pretty good as well. I will definitely be back.The location is extremely convenient for students and for people who work in University City.  That being said, I've been there several times (for the sake of convenience) and have never experienced good service.  I was giving them a chance because they were new and was even looking into planning a company event for 100+ people there.  Unfortunately, recently one of my colleagues received extremely poor treatment.  We have decided to hold our celebration elsewhere and I will not be back to this establishment.We waited 30 minutes for drinks, were never offered water, and it took 30 more minutes for him to come back to ask if we needed anything. 
After all that, brought back our change and it was short. Granted, he had withheld the actual coin change but it was incredibly arrogant to keep ANY money after we complained about poor service.Terrible service. Waited forever to get our food, once it came, my friends "gluten free" sandwich had fries on it, and by the time her replacement came, we were already finished our food. Glassboro location is much better.Wow! Probably the worst and overpriced burger you could find in all of University City; the only selling points of Landmark are when they have the cozy outdoor section during the warm weathers and right on Drexel campus. Their food quality has declined a LOT throughout the years. Totally understand that it is an all American restaurant but sometimes the waiters and waitress are rude to non-American looking customers... Sadly I would like to spend my money elsewhere for a quick dinner.On a beautiful, brisk fall day, I needed a place where I could watch my football game without big cooped up inside or in a dark bar.  Landmark was just what we were looking for- full bar available outside...fire pits, two big tvs, and very accommodating to put in game of choice.  Didn't stay for food this time, but the menu looked enticing.When you're in this area at Drexel, it's true your options are limited. You know what? You still shouldn't go. Unless all you want is to grab a beer on the patio on a warm Spring day, avoid this crapfest. Hike a few blocks in any direction (Sabrina's!) and you'll be much happier.Used to be a place that I went to every Friday nite.  Great late night happy hour specials, good enough food (I mean its a sports bar so I'm not expecting gourmet).  There's usually a DJ, and on those cool nights, you can sit outside around the fire pits.  I always came for the 1/2 price menu (after 11pm) which include $6 nachos (with meat, because that's extremely important), $1 fries, $6 samplers, $3 Sangrias, $5 shots, $2 beers just to name a few.  
It's located on Drexel University campus so college kids are usually the norm. This is a cool spot to come and hang out with friends, or meet new friends, which ever you prefer.I've never been a huge fan of landmark as I am not a big wing ding person but this visit has kinda given me a reason to return. I shared an order of Thai wings which were meh, they were more spicy than I'd expected. But I ordered the Harvest salad and was pleasantly surprised. The walnuts were covered in what tasted like brown sugar. The greens were fresh and the strawberries were a good compliment to the salad and goat cheese (which was a substitute for the blue cheese). The salad also came with a side of Brussels sprouts and squash (I think). The sprouts weren't as caramelized as I'd prefer and the squash (if that's what it was) was tasty. So now if someone suggests Landmark instead of diverting them elsewhere I can look forward to having another delicious Harvest salad.Can I give 3.5 stars??!! Landmark is the place we end up when we don't want to cook, it's about 530pm on Saturday and you've spent over an hour trying pick some place on Yelp but no one can agree. It's ok. The wings are what crank this place up over 3 stars.Oh, the wings...Love it so much. So so much. Great vibe there as well.I ate at the bar and had a grilled cheese & tomato soup. The soup was thick enough to make me think I was accidentally served a bowl of marinara sauce instead! The grilled cheese was pretty good, but overall the meal was definitely not worth the $10 I paid. I won't eat there again if I can avoid it (although it's conveniently located right by Drexel....)Great place! The weekdays the place is quiet and very professional vibe. Weekends and nights the atmosphere changes and the crowd gets young and crowded. The food has always been on point and the Landmark combo is maybe my favorite meal. Also love coming here during sport events as they have all the local teams and major games on large TV's.a nice sports bar, plenty of big screen HD'sThe food is 3 stars but I added another star for the overall vibe. If you are looking for a good happy hour with decent food and drink prices than landmark is your place to go. The location and the atmosphere are great. There is even an outdoor space and not to mention the live band. I went here one afternoon for happy hour and enjoyed the nice weather by eating some delicious food while listening to their live band. I ordered their grilled wings, chicken fingers, and old bay fries (I recommend all three) for less than $17 happy hour prices. You will not regret it.Good place for happy hour, nice deals and okay drinks. 
The food could use a little work - their wings and nachos are coated in sauce. Tasty, but the amount of grease was a bit shocking.Any restaurant on a college campus makes me skeptical, but Landmark gave a good first impression. Participating in their University City Dining Days, I got the chance to try their Lobster Quesadillas and Margherita Flatbread, along with some Sea Bass, and Chicken w/ Lump Crab meat (split between me and mi novia of course). Everything was delightful, including the sides of mashed potatoes and asparagus. The waitress was knowledgeable enough to suggest a white wine to mi novia who DOESNT LIKE WHITE WINE. Any server who can do that passes my test for competency. For dessert, the Banana Xango (fried tortilla with banana, cinnamon ice cream and whipped cream) was fantastic enough for me to want to come back for more. And dessert is hardly every enough to lure a second arrival. Their Brownie Sundae was delicious, too, but the Xango definitely hit the spot.
Bring your appetite. The portions are HUGE. Their happy hours are intriguing, including 1/2 priced finger foods (oh em gee) and some cheap beers and 'tails. 
The seating outside was interesting and spacious, but if it's anything higher than 85 degrees, head inside where it's air conditioned.What a pleasant surprise! I met a friend for lunch largely for convenience of the place, near Drexel and Penn campuses. 
I wasn't expecting more than average sports bar food. The place is on the ground floor of an office building. It's long and expansive with a bar along one side and plenty of TV's for sports enthusiasts, and booths on the other. 
It might have been a bit risky to order a seared tuna salad in a sports bar. But, it was fresh and delicious. Served on a bed of spring lettuce with vegetables and avocado; and I swapped the pineapple for tomato. Aside from the out of season unattractive and flavorless tomatoes, it was wonderful. (Why these restaurants even bother with restaurant supplier bad produce mystifies me). 
My friend had a crispy chicken wrap (see photos) with perfectly crispy fries I had a few of. We agreed I should take photos at the beginning of the meal, but I hadn't thought about Yelping until inspired by my salad!
Service left a lot to be desired. The waiter had an attitude of being too busy elsewhere to bother with us. He left our food without bothering to ask if we needed anything else. I did as my ice water tasted like soap. Then he brought my friend a second beverage without asking if I wanted another. And, the place was not at all busy.  
I would definitely return if I need to be in the area and am in the mood for such fare.I like it. the place is clean and the waitresses there are nice, i mean, most of them...They have lots of happy hours so you can pretty much enjoy yourself anytime you want. expecially on Sunday, they have 50 cents chicken wings!!! I went there with 4 of my friends and it only cost us 25 bucks for all the wings. definitely a bargain, worth a shot!I've been to landmark a few times and I must say that the quality of service has gone down significantly. We were sitting by the fire pits for 10 mins without a server approaching us. Then I spent another 10 mins trying to get a drink at a bar. We also had to ask 3 people 3 separate times to start the fire pit. Absolutely horrible service.  Will never come here againThis is a very average establishment. The best thing they have to offer is their fries. I've tried a few different flavors and they all have been very good. Now food? Uhhh imma have to pass. The wings are ok, I used to like their cheesesteak rolls but something changed, and never order the garlic Parmesan wings are not what you would expect. They were wings covered in garlic gravy. I have never had anything like it and not in a good thing. Garlic parm is usually garlic and Parmesan cheese not a gravy. BUT their sangrias are my faveeeee. Go during happy hour and you shall pay only $3, buy a bunch and you'll be very happy. All in all, go for fries and sangrias.Boy this place is awful.  Ordered a burger, asked for it medium rare and it came back a dull shade of grey.  Sent it back and asked for a refund because its clear the guys cooking in back have no clue what they're doing.  None of the food you eat at landmark is fresh, it's all frozen and canned crap thats reheated in a microwave and then allowed to sit on the counter for 30 minutes.. As for the service, you'll be lucky if you see your waitress more than once throughout the meal.  Wanna order takeout? Good luck with that cause they never answer the phone and there is rarely someone at the front to greet you when you walk in.  I like to think of myself as an understanding guy and I wouldave forgiven landmark and passed the lackluster experience off as an anomaly only if I had received an apology from the manager or atleast a complimentary meal.  But no, all I got was a "sorry" from the indifferent waitress. In a sense I'm thankful for bad customer service experiences like this because it makes me work hard in my own business abd take care of my clients because I know how awful it feels to receive bad service.
Thanks landmark!I've been to Landmark numerous times in hopes that the service will eventually improve; it has not. I go regularly because the food (when it actually comes out hot) is delicious and better than any of the other casual American dining, eat - in places in University City. 
I was there yesterday; we sat down and waited 10 minutes (after ordering) for our water to be brought to the table and it literally took 25 minutes for the server to bring 2 tomato soups, one of which was accompanied by their grilled cheese sandwich; by the time the food arrived the cheese inside the sandwich had hardened and the request for " extra well done" bacon was substituted by gross, undercooked bacon...so gross it had to be removed. 
I hate leaving bad reviews for restaurants, however, if the management at Landmark pays any attention to their Yelp! account there is still hope that the appropriate changes can be made. It has the potential and location to be one of the best places to go in this area but the service needs to improve. After the past several experiences I've had it makes it hard to want to return.Service and food are totally sub par. Our waitress forgot our beers and brought them out after our appetizer of grocery store tortilla chips and guacamole. The ahi tuna burger was gross - it honestly reminded me if cat food.Went with coworkers afterwork for Happy Hour. They were completely out of the Happy Hour white wine AND  the "next level" wine they would have used in place of it. So I had to pay full price for a glass of white wine during happy hour...4 years later (since my last review) & still a hot mess smhLike this place for the half price apps and sangria specials. ($3.50 red or white) Reccomend for an after work get together.The smell that smacks you in the face when you walk in the front door is absolutely disgusting! How on earth does management let this continue?? Everything you touch, from the menus to the bar counter itself is sticky... The furniture is completely soiled that it looks like someone sat in their own oily, filthy self for a decade. If that's how the front of the house is, I don't even want to think about the kitchen... Stay away!!!If your a student at Drexel it's Tuesday night and your parents come to visit and take you to dinner. You say hay it's $2 dollar Toco night at landmark. With $3 dollar blue moon beer. Nice part about Tuesday night the crowd was small. Got right in and we're seated at a window. 
Ordered hot wings to start. They were good, not the best I had but good . The toco deal allows you to order different tocos so we chose one of each. My personal best was also what our server recommended. The Ahi tuna and the Asian short rib. I would pass on the fish toco . The smoked chicken would be my second choice. 
Great service from Hayley. Very attentive friendly and fast. $ 8 dollars per glass for Merlot was a good choice overall a good dining experience.I've been here a few times and never seem to write a review. 
The hostess seem lost and overwhelmed the guest have to remind then who is who and who's next. 
I order the same thing every time and it never disappoints: the Salmon BLT (without any bacon or wasabi sauce). Best Salmon burger I have ever had. It comes with a side of fries not a fan of sweet potato and the Old Bay can be a little salty, you can't go wrong with the regular Landmark fries.  
The ambiance is pretty dope. I could do without the high top tables much rather just sit at a booth for the privacy. 
You cannot go wrong with the $4 Vodka cocktails on Friday nights for someone who doesn't drink like myself, not strong at all. 
I have always received nothing less than great service with all of my visits. Sucks they don't have better reviews don't think many factor in that it is bar on a college campusUnfortunately I've loved this place for years until now...went last night waited 20 minutes which is understandable for a Friday night at 9:30. We got seated in the back room, which I've never sat in before and it felt like we were in a whole other dining experience then the rest of the restaurant. First of all the service was absolutely awful. Our waiter barely came by, forgot all of our drinks (only 3 of us at the table) only refilled one, had a food runner run our food to the wrong table TWICE! No utensils,napkins, plates etc. waited 20'min for those after our nachos came out. Got our food and then waited another 20 min for ketchup that she gave to the people next to us with NO food on their table. 30 min went by with out seeing her. My drink was a Moscow mule with jalapeño garnish- it was filled with seeds and limes and half of a jalapeño. Disgusting. She then gave us our check with out asking if we wanted anything else or even dessert which we would have gotten. We pay and split the bill and sign and what not- she then stopped and looked at what tip we left her on the receipts while we're all still at the table with 4 dirty plates still Infront of us.  We never even got a glass of water. She takes the receipts and then just takes the ketchup away- like she was trying to " clean up". I have loved this place for the last 3 years I've lived here, next day 2 out of 3 of us don't feel well and have had some bathroom issues. I will never come here again.Great food and sections of beer. Have gone here numerous  times after work and always a great happy hour. Priced reasonably.My take on the place-been here three times
Buffalo wings-ordered mild and medium-neither is a buffalo wing-they both have some type of bbq sauce (tomato, sugar versus pepper, vinegar based) which is disappointing although the wings are fresh (no dark shriviled bones) and decent size
Chili-ok-again not horrible but not great, just average
Grilled cheese sandwich-pretty good-not greasy, what you'd expect
Tomato soup-too acidic
Pizza-not bad-you won't rant and rave about it but it is edible
All in all basic sports bar food-you want different or better-go somewhere else
The place doesn't pretend to be something it isn't
Very Good beer selection-they have actually heard of a craft beer
If you sit at the bar- the bartenders are very attentive and friendly
My waitress at my table was fine-she was inexperienced, forgetful but friendly- Because I knew this wasn't her career job I cut her a break
Place is clean, great slection of  tvs, bartenders are friendly
I like the set up, location and tv's
If food was slightly better-would be a home run 
I can always tell when managers and employees don't care and place is about to close; they still care here although the next time I get a hello will be my first but that's minor
Good crowd for the Eagles game-just rowdy enough to show interest without concern for violence
Prices reasonable
I'll go back againI came here to eat about a month ago with 2 friends. We walked in through the front doors, and asked to be seated in the outside section, and the girl at the front just pointed towards the outside section and told us that the outside section is self seated. So my friend and I walked through the entire restaurant to walk to the outside section. There was a table open, so my friend and I sat down. It was a pretty nice day, and it wasn't crazy busy, but there were about 7 other tables seated before us. While we were sitting at the table, no menus were brought to us, and the waiter and waitress actually made eye contact and saw us, and did nothing. After about 10-15mins of waiting, I literally got up, walked over to the waiters station and grabbed menus and took them back to the table. We were waiting for our third friend to show up, and about 10 minutes after I grabbed the menus for our group, a waitress finally acknowledged our table, and asked us if we wanted drinks, then proceeded to bring us two glasses of water. When our third friend showed up, it took them another 10 minutes to bring a glass of water for my other friend. When we finally ordered, and got out food, it was pretty mediocre. I had gotten BBQ wings, and they were so hard I probably could've shattered my teeth if I ate them all. I guess whoever cooked them must have forgotten them in the fryer, I don't really know. Also, the wings came with celery sticks, literally like 4 pieces. I asked the waitress if I could have extra, and she brought me a small bowl with 4-5 more pieces...Landmark never disappoints. My boyfriend and I been coming here since our first do over date (the real first date is a whole different story ) lol.
We love their cheesesteak rolls and wings ! So flavorful and done with love. We also love that they have an on going special of $3 oak and cokes . So great food and drink this where u wanna be. They even have late night happy hour specials as well and themed nights for when you want to have a little fun while eating. Check them out !My boyfriend and I came to landmark last week. As soon as the waitress came over to our table we asked her for the specials. We selected from what we were told were specials and I also ordered a buffalo chicken wrap. When my buffalo chicken wrap arrived it was drenched in hot sauce. I told the waitress that I've order a buffalo chicken wrap from Landmark on numerous occasions and it's never been this bad. At first she said this is how it's supposed to be but when she came back she agreed that the wrap was soaked in hot sauce. My wrap was remade and good for the most part. 
When the check came out our specials were not taken off. We notified the waitress and she apologized stating that she told us the wrong info and my boyfriend's food was not on the special's list. She spoke with her manager and there was nothing that could be done. I asked to speak to the manager and he also said nothing could be done. I'm not the type of person to cause a scene. I was very calm and I spoke to him in a respectable tone. My boyfriends told him that we will not pay for the bill if it's not lowered. To make a long story short lol he ended up taking something off but the price was not where it should've been. As a manager you should do any and everything to please your guest. The worst customer service I've ever experienced. I will never return.Crap. Avoid this disgusting place at all costs. 
My friend found a bug in their food and these people didn't care to as much even bat an eyelid.I went there again and this time, I sat outside and went to the outside bar. My friend ordered a white sangria & thought it tasted like club soda. She went to the bar to complain about it and apparently it's not really a sangria. It's a "sangria spritzer". The bartender said it was half sangria, half water.
What? False advertisement much?
I went for the $3 blue moon special & the beer I got wasn't cold. I went up to the bar and ordered another later on and halfway filling up a cup, the tap ran out. It was at least 10-15 minutes before it worked again and the bartender added to that original cup and GAVE it to someone. Maybe that's why my first beer wasn't cold? 
I can only give stars for the outdoor seating. It was beautiful out when I went so it was really relaxing sitting around the fire pit (although it wasn't lit).3 stars, no more no less.
Their food is definitely not less than 3 stars, but I honestly can't give it as good as a 4. 
They have great happy hour specials and even late night happy hour specials -- check out their website for those. They have different specials rotating daily. Anything from $3 margaritas on Mondays to $3 coronas on a friday night.. half off appetizers during happy hour etc. They're always a default for me, when my friends and I don't know where to go. They're a decent bar with decent food and more than decent happy hour prices.
I've never had bad service either. It's at par for good service, and they have plenty of TVs that show big games going on in the area.