For a long, long time, Dallesandro's was my philly cheesesteak haven.  However, since their change in ownership, they've gone steadily downhill.  Chubby's and Mama's tided me over until I could find suitable replacement.  Thanks to Larry's Steaks, I've rekindled my passion for cheesesteaks.
Larry's Steaks, situated by St. Joe's University, offers the closest thing to the original Dallesandro's cheesesteak I've found.  The meat is sliced and minced into tiny little pieces, maximizing surface area.  Then the cheese is melted throughout so it covers most of the steak and ensures a heavenly consistency and flavor.  The onions and mushrooms are up to snuff as well.  It's greasy enough to slide down your throat but not so much that it's a mess to eat.  I can't attest to the other menu items, but that hardly matters.  If you are up for a real philly cheesesteak, skip pat's and geno's (and the whiz, i can't believe people actually eat that stuff) and pick up a Larry's steak.Solid cheesesteaks.  Cheese fries are also good.  Not worth venturing far for, I'd say you can get similar in most of Philly.We were here drunk as all heck. after closing time. our guys at larry's hooked us up with leftover cheesesteaks and a meatball. not only was this the best drunk experience of our young lives, but we owe our lives to the workers at larry's. god bless, you have our business for life. thank you and god bless.When I decided that St. Joseph's wasn't the university for me and I was going to leave the area, I knew really the only thing I would miss were the friends that I made (obviously) and cheesesteaks from Larry's.  Being that it was just across the street from campus, it was the easiest dinner one could find if they missed dinner in the dining hall.
I think I gained much of the beginning of my "freshman 15" because of Larry's!  Popular among many SJU students, you will find a younger crowd usually occupying the tables chowing down or waiting for their order to be done.  The cheesesteaks are big for the price that they charge and they are always stuffed!
You can't find cheesesteaks like that anywhere but Philly!Omg this was so yummy!!!! Im here from Atlanta for work and this was so amazing!!!! I will be back for sure!!!!First - Dear YELP admins, how could the word "hoagie" fail your spell checker? C'Mon already!
Everyone has a favorite steak shop or two and they can be as different as night and day. White House, Tony Luke's, Geno's, Pudge's - like comparing apples and pigs, or Wilt to Magic, or Kung Fu to Karate, you just can't compare iconic examples different styles.
Larry's is like that. I've been coming for 30 years. Once or twice, I even stepped up to the Houseway Belly Filler. I think this was the first place I ever had a meat topping on a steak sandwich (pepperoni), but it wasn't the last. 
What makes Larry's Larry's? First, the guy is cooking in the window. Next, the steaks are chopped. Not shredded, fluffed, laid out or shingled. Even the toppings on our chicken cheese steak hoagie were chopped - a devout nod to every-bite-the-same sandwich science. A lot of work goes into every steak. Finally, the fresh Amoroso-style roll is just a little toasted, not enough to be a grinder, but certainly not steamed on the grill like an AC sub. 
When on Hawk Hill and hungry go to Larry's. Is it the best steak ever? Nah, but it is an institution and true to itself. As you take your first bite, envision yourself bustin curfew on the way home from seeing Neil Young at the Spectrum, or watching the Sixers take the NBA crown, or sweating whether Y2k will crash your Palm II. If you twist my arm, Larry's doesn't crack my top 5, but tradition is tradition, and Larry's has stood the test of time for good reason.Larry's is overall pretty good. Enjoyed their pepperoni cheesesteak and Italian hoagies when I used to live nearby. Big hoagies. Mostly this is a hangout for St. Joe's students - it has a large flat screen on the wall of the dining room. Cosi now gives them competition down the street (and offers a sane place to relax with wifi).
Final note - milkshakes!The staff was organized and fast.  The cheese steak was DELICIOUS.  One of the best I've ever had. I almost had the 2 footer but we decided to control ourselves.(Location) wise perfect for saint Joe's students or anyone traveling to west Philly.  
(Food quality)  def don't do it order a cheesesteak  but tasted like  a sandwich from subway.  If that's ur twist than more power 2 you but def not mines. 
Overall not worth the time and money rather spend my 9 dollars on a cheese steak from Jim's  or Max'sI was let down by the pizza I had delivered to my residence.
I ordered a plain cheese pizza with broccoli on half of the pizza.  The broccoli was a collection of HUGE chucks of broccoli stem.  I like broccoli stems, but not massive chunks all over.  Maybe 3 or 4 actual florets (soggy and not appetizing).  
Topped with way too much cheese, which was almost fully congealed by the time it came to my door.  Dough was just barely cooked.Good Cheesesteaks but HORRIBLE service. I had to call three times to place an order cause the girl answering kept hanging up on me. When I got there, I found the cashier had headphones on and was talking on her cell phone, probably why she couldn't concentrate on phone orders. She proceeded to talk on her cell while I paid and when the phone rang at the restaurant. Some of the worst customer service I've ever had.Good Cheesesteaks but HORRIBLE service. I had to call three times to place an order cause the girl answering kept hanging up on me. When I got there, I found the cashier had headphones on and was talking on her cell phone, probably why she couldn't concentrate on phone orders. She proceeded to talk on her cell while I paid and when the phone rang at the restaurant. Some of the worst customer service I've ever had.Born and raised in Philly. Went to have a sandwich after a few drinks. Listen to the other reviews...yes customer service was whack. Cheesesteak was weak. Very dissapointed. I will give them 3 stars, but this is not a recommendation to say the least.Gross. The restaurant is dirty, and tables were allowed to sit forever with used trays and half-eaten food on them. The service was slow and it wasn't that crowded. I ordered a shrimp platter, an order of mozzarella sticks, and a root beer, which came up to $16. Steep!
My mozzarella sticks tasted awful--wayyy too salty, first of all, and they were just frozen sticks out of a box. There were five of them, so I paid a dollar a stick for frozen crap that was too salty to even eat. I ate one and ended up tossing the rest.
The shrimp were likewise cooked out of a box of frozen junk, and somehow they had managed to overcook them so they were kind of hard. The shrimp inside were super-small and it was mostly breading. Five shrimp came with soggy, mediocre fries, some bread, a small side salad, and cole slaw. I ate like six fries and by that time I had given up on my meal, so I can't report on the slaw, salad, or bread.
My can of soda was not even very cold, so they managed to screw that one up, too.
This place charges way too much to be serving such crappy food. From the dilapidated atmosphere, it is clear that no care or pride really goes into this restaurant. I'll certainly never be back.The only reason I'm giving them a 1 rating is because they don't have a 0 rating. This is the second time I've ordered from here, and the last time. Both times were disasters. Today, I ordered a Turkey & cheese hoagie with banana peppers and yellow mustard. The counter lady was very rude and acted like each customer was an annoyance. After waiting 15 minutes (for a cold cut hoagie, may I add), I finally got it. But it wasn't what I ordered. It had sweet peppers and honey mustard. I then proceeded to say that I ordered banana peppers, in which the rude lady quickly said that they didn't have. SO WHY DIDN'T YOU SAY THAT WHEN I ORDERED?!!?!?! I would have ordered something else. Rudest lady I've ever met. If this place didn't have such a great location, it would become bankrupt. Don't go here if you want an accurate order.What happened to Larry's?  The woman at the counter is one miserable specimen.  It used to be one of my go-to places for cheesesteaks.  I frequently traveled from South Philly to buy sandwiches, but on my last few visits, the experience was horrible.  There is a new cook who simply is unskilled or uncaring about making sandwiches.  This lack of skill or disdain shows up in the quality of the food.  The woman that takes the orders gets more miserable by the visit.  The cook has changed and it is not for the better.  My last visit I had a confrontation with the cook about pickles on the side.  Even the other employees seemed embarrassed that this was going on.  If you have heard of Larry's reputation for great food, please move on.  That day has passed and the customer service absolutely sucks.  It's sad to see a well regarded establishment come to this!  I read in other reviews that the management changed and it has.  When the Girard Avenue store opened, I thought it was a lousy place to be piggy-backing off the Larry's name, but now the 54th Street store has fallen to its level instead of the other way around.Has to be one of the best cheese stake places in town.  Worth the trip.Larry's is a good late night option for dining in. Other than that, there are better places. In that particular area though I'm not sure. My steak was about as good as any other "like" establishment. My gripe with Larry's was the bathroom. It was so bad I was hoping that the people that worked there actually had there own separate bathroom. They have a couple of flat screens in there which is a nice touch and an ATM. It's not a bad spot.
Their cheese pizza was pretty good too.I really enjoyed my very large fulling regular sized cheese steak.meat was high quality and moist .roll adequate and good not great though 
Small fixings bar .clean place ..good service ..reasonable price..I would definitely go back if in the area.other patrons orders looked good tooWell, Well, Well...this sub was delish!!!! I mean it was what I have been looking for in a sub from Philly. I have been so disappointed at Gino's and the steak place across the street from them, I had given up on a GOOD Philly cheesesteak...seriously. I remember being in college and my college roommate would bring me the best subs back from Philly and I never got that taste again... until that is I went to Larry's. We are definitely going back again, and again,  and again,  and again,  and again...I think you get the picture. If you are ever in the area...go to Larry's. I mean, I can't tell you what to do but, I know what I am going to do when I go back to Philly. I'm Just sayin'This is, very simply, the best cheesesteak in Philadelphia, which means it is the best cheesesteak in the world. Pat's & Geno's are better known, and are better if you want a long line of tourists and people who dont know their a-- from a hole in the ground. Those two places are a big ol pile of okay. This place...is heaven. It doesnt look like much from the outside, but people that know, this is the spot. The Bellyfiller is a killer, a monster of a sandwich that you have to be a serious eater to have a chance at. Quality, super delicious steaks, excellent sides. Professional athletes secretly take free agents and their families to Larry's when they are wooing them and trying to get them to sign in Philly. THAT'S how you know this place is the best. THE BEST.I went to Larry's for the first time last year when visiting Philly.  I enjoyed my food last time as well as the time before.
I was however disappointed in the service I received. I ordered my steak to be fried with peppers and pickles. It wasn't and the cashier told me to just put some of the cold toppings they had near the condiments on top. Ummmm... No! That is a totally different taste and style. I specifically asked for them to be cooked in because I wanted a traditional Philly steak. I didn't complain and proceeded to eat what I had though. It takes a little time for them to cook the steaks because they are cooked to order and I was with a group who'd all already received their food. I didn't want to be the lone person holding everyone up.
Pluses for quality and taste of food...
Minuses for the bad service with erroneous order... There was no attempt to even try and rectify the error on there part.This place has the best cheese steaks in all Philly so forget those tourist places like Geno's and Pat's. 
I have never had a problem with the staff "not speaking English." They have great service and a nice atmosphere. They even have a giant TV in there for everyone to watch while you are waiting.
Great place.There is nothing special about this place.  The steaks are average and they taste like the ones you can get from any pizza shop down the street.  I went in for a cheesesteak on a Tuesday night at 6 pm and had to wait 45 minutes to be served my cheesesteak and another 20 minutes for mozzarella fries (I eventually gave up on the fries and left).  There was no where to sit as the inside is very small and the woman behind the counter was barking at people and the staff.  Pat's/Geno's are better steaks and you are served in 20 seconds...now 45 minutes!!!  It really is only popular for college late night food, but it's a poor place - avoid and find better places!Great food. Belly fillers awesome. It's better to call and order while your on your way cuz its always crowded.  Great for late nights.I've been to Larry's twice.  First time, my steak was good, but perhaps a little too greasy for my preference.  The second trip yeilded a much better steak.  I still needed to doctor it up a little bit with a shake of salt, pepper, hots...you get the idea.
Larry's is good, but I've got some personal favorites I like better.4 words
1.Overrated
2.Pricey
3.Bland
4.Celebs really love this??????? (That WAS 4 words....)Very tasty cheesesteaks but the ambiance is crap & the restaurant was kinda dirty. The servers were quick and the prices affordable but I would DEFINITELY order to go.I am a SJU student so I have the opportunity to eat here whenever. For the cheap price, the food is pretty decent. If you are in the mood for a quick bite and not looking to spend much money or eat the crap at McDonald's down the street, then I would highly recommend Larry's!!Larry's served a purpose during my days on Hawk Hill up until '00. It was an affordable way to get a ton of food that wasn't great, but, hey, seeing as how I was usually at Larry's after a night of drinking, quality of food wasn't necessarily my biggest concern.
Unfortunately, now that I'm a ripe old 29, Larry's doesn't really do it for me anymore. Even the nostalgia is pretty much gone, as the whole place has been remodeled since back in the day. Too bad they didn't remodel their food, because it's still the same super greasy, almost totally flavorless cheesesteak that I remember it being.
That being said, you do get an enormous amount of food for a decent price. And, while I admit the steak itself has no flavor, adding pepperoni to the sandwich helps immensely.
Ultimately, Larry's is for the college crowd, and the steak bombs that they serve up there really do cater to exactly what an empty stomach needs at 2 am. So, although I have quite a few criticisms, it's still nice to know that Larry's is still taking care of those of us who relied on them so much, even if for just a couple years.Easily the best cheesesteaks on the west side of Philly.What do you say about a place where you grew up eating as weekly tradition and it pretty much grew to have personified your hometown?  
Sure, the hoagies/cheesesteak is on any self-respecting fascist vegan's  hit list, I know, I get it.  But eveyr so often, you have to have a hoagie, you have to have a cheesesteak with provolone, mounds of cooked onions ...dumped onto an Amoroso roll dripping with Heinz 57.  You have to at least, if Philly runs in your veins along side plaque.
I know hoagies/cheesesteaks, hoagies/cheesesteaks are friends of mine.  Larry's you are hoagies/cheesesteaks. Okay, so they're not as nourishing as breast milk but boy, the longing for the two is pretty close to even on the primal scale.Just walked out. Never had a chance to spend my money here or find out if their steaks are any good. I was the only customer, stood at the counter for a full 5 minutes. Neither of the 2 men working there could bother to even acknowlege me, much less ask if they could take my order. Don't worry fellas, you'll never see me again.Every time I am around SJU I always stop in at Larry's. Great steaks and fries.Kobe's favorite place, but I think there is better in Philly. They actually make a better Italian sub than Cheese Steak...so try that one out. This place is not clean and if you eat in you will smell like old food.Good for cheesesteaks, pretty poor for everything else. They have especially nasty buffalo sauce that doesn't even taste like real buffalo sauce. Therefore you should never order a buffalo chicken cheesesteak because it will not be what you expect. The owner is also incredibly rude. I was out enjoying my night with my friends and all of a sudden I look behind me and see him barreling toward me yelling at me to leave his house. Very strange encounter to say the least. Other than that, if you looking for a decent Philly cheesesteak definitely go for that Larrys move. Fun fact: This is also Kobe Bryant's favorite cheesesteak spOk I'm doing my own cheesesteak test so far this is the best so far. Philly is supposed to be the place for cheesesteaks!Well it's wasn't bad. I ordered a Philly cheese steak. The bun was soft and crispy at the same time which was nice. The meat was seasoned ok but slightly overcooked which dried it out a tad. But the worse offense for me was the cheese. When I asked if they forgot the cheese the woman said it was there at the bottom. Really, do I need a magnifier to find it? Cuz it was barely discernable. I think the cheese in a philly CHEESE steak should be pretty evident. Just saying, it's sort of a simple recipe : meat cheese bread. 
Anywho, the fries were tasty, atmosphere was nice and the bathrooms were very clean.GIANT PHILLY CHEESE STEAKS. Pretty good, not great. But the bellyfiller. Nice help. Can't go wrong.I came here a couple weeks ago with some friends for lunch because Landmark Americana next door lost power. We ordered a "belly filler" 2ft cheesesteak and 30 wings (half bbq, half spicy) which totaled to about $45. The cheesesteak was on point. The bread was soft, meat was piping hot, and the toppings was perfect enough to complement the entire sandwich.  As for the wings, they're average, nothing special. I personally enjoyed the cheesesteak more than the wings. Service was decent, somewhat slow, but not to the point where we had to wait for a really long time to get our food.Good cheesesteaks but not the best. Customer service not the greatest in helping to orderI finally made it to the Mecca of Cheese Steak shops in Overbrook across from Hagan Hall on the campus of St. Joseph's University. I could've waited longer. I was not impressed at all. Meat was fatty and chewy  and fries were undercooked some being barely thawed out in the center.  No fountain sodas here. Mainly cans were in the display case. That just turns me off from 21 Jump Street. I don't know what Kobe sees in this place? Not my cup of tea!I must be a glutton for punishment. I gave Larry's another chance and it actually became my "go to" place when I want a chicken cheesesteak...... until today.   Larry's gave me a serious case of food poisoning a few years back that left me sick and on a specialized diet for about a month.  Fast forward to today. I had a chicken cheesesteak for lunch, and I can feel the makings of another illness coming on.  Something is definitely not right abut this place.Don't look around too much just enjoy the food. What I'm saying is that the facility itself may not be the cleanest but they make good Philly Cheesesteaks, hoagies, and pizza. It's cheap, close to SJU, and is open late.been coming here for years. i love their mushroom steak. have much, more to offer than steaks but i only see people getting steaks. the wings aren't bad and the fries are good. best time to go after the clubs and bars close. theres usually a line but it moves quick. If your in west Philly by St. Joe's please give Larry's a try. and if your feeling fat try one of there belly fillers. its like having 2 steaks in one.   Gluttony at its finest.Ehh..blahh. 
Red flags when I walked into this place thinking is was a cheesesteak place:
1. They have seasonings on the side for you- real cheesesteak places won't have such a thing because their steaks are seasoned.. well. 
2. Someone ordered pizza.. many people ..and chicken tenders.. etc. a "cheesesteak" place serves "cheesesteaks".. maybe fries and drink selections..that's it. 
3. The menu has like 2,000 more things on it other than steak. 
If you want fresh fast food- come here. This place serves steak sandwiches with slices of cheese. 
If you want a Philly cheesesteak... don't come here. Go to a cheesesteak place. I won't name drop but there are wayyy better places!Just moved in the area and decided to order and every day special that includes a large plain pizza a cheesesteak 10 buffalo wings and a soda. So very disappointed... The pizza tasted like a school Pizza. I didn't even taste the buffalo wings just the very sight of them I knew that they were not genuine buffalo wings that I know of. The only thing that was edible was the soda and the state. And even that we had to add ketchup to it for some moisture. It was the driest Cheesesteak I ever had in my life. I just tossed the menu right in the trashThis place is great!  The guys there are super friendly and quick to make your cheesy meaty sandwiches.  I'm a huge fan of my steak being on the thinner side and man, do they deliver.  
I'm also a huge fan of anyone who'll support me in my decision to up the ante in calorie count by trading a water for a coke.  What what!  Add some cheese fries to that also!Amazing. Every time I visit my boyfriend at SJU this is a regular dinner stop. So yummy.The belly-filler is the way to go.  A little greasy and you will feel it the next morning but as far as quantity goes this place is as good as it gets.Belly Buster is the way to go... the cheesesteak is spot on... get extra cheese, onions and pepers...Drove from Maryland to Philly for the day JUST to get these cheese-steaks and they were great. The wife was skeptical however after her belly filler cheese-teak she was hooked in. People on Yelp are so damn anal and use this to blast a good establishment. Larry's is what it's supposed to be. A take out cheese-steak spot...good food and I was hoping for the Ritz Carlton inside. Yelpers get over yourselves! Get a steak and cheese from somewhere else if you don't like Larry's!The Way Steak belly filler is worth the trip to  Philly. It's one if the best outside the main city.Got a Philly straight to Cali from Philly INCREDIBLE!!!! Wowwww they aren't doing Philly cheesesteaks right out here in Cali it's a shame! Need to franchise out here Larrys!I moved out of Philly seven years ago.  Even before I come see my mother, I grab a chicken cheese steak and cheese fries from here.  I take my calorie counting and diet extremely serious.  I break my diet and skip my gains for a taste of heaven!  You must give it a try.
They could improve the seating area some.  The hygiene is not the best but I am here to rate food.  I am from Philly and there are much worst places.  Similar to a McDonalds and we all have eaten at one.
I cannot rate any of the other food.  I only get this.  I am a creature of habit!!
The staff is like family at this point!Literally the WORST service. The staff is rude, disrespectful and LAZY. Let me know how it takes 50 minutes to tell the cooks to heat up a slice of pizza! Stupid, LAZY people. Insanely cheap quality charging for insane prices!! Literally WHY!Great food, a must every time I come home to Philly to visit. Even though I only frequent a few times a year, the guys on the grill always remember my face. Happy they fill my need when I come home.I took a trip to Philly to see a concert at the first unitarian church and one of my companions took us to Larrys Steak. I wasn't convinced I was in Philly until I took a look at their amazing menu. Cheese steak frenzy came in variety but sadly I forgot my wallet and was treated to a cheeseburger from my amazing friend who's in a relationship. The meat was just phenomenal and tasted amazing. The burger itself was also well crafted. Not only was the food amazing but the place was clean and neat. Man amazing place please visit. 5/5Was able to enjoy a local steak sandwich while visiting Philly! It was a typical fast food cheesesteak. Perfect after a long day of drinking. I heard quite a bit of chatter while in town that I needed to try them. I happened to be close by so it worked, I personally would not set out to go any distance for it. I've had better.Been here many times, Larry's cheesesteak      Is not the best but still a great choiceCheesesteak was good, not great. The service is BRUTAL. Without the place busy, they literally sit around. You'll wait FOREVER for your food.I will never return here. I drove from NY to Philly just to be truly disappointed in what used to be a great company. The old Larry's quality is no longer there since the restaurant was purchased by St. Joseph's University. 
The lady's bathroom wasn't working so it had a sign on it. So females had to use the Men's. The men's bathroom had no paper towel or hand dryer and the floor was filthy and wet. The restaurant is filthy. I asked for paper napkins to be replenished; half an hour later, still no napkins. I asked for fried onions and mushrooms on my cheesesteak wrap - none. When I complained, the lady taking the orders gave me a plate with onions and mushrooms, so basically she wanted ME to rebuild my wrap. The worst service I've ever received at a fast food establishment. 
Sad that a restaurant that was established in 1956 has been smeared by such terrible management.I had an italian cold cut hoagie with everything the normal way. This was huge! The service was pretty fast and the bread was fresh. The deli meat was cold, plentiful and tasty. I actually watched them make my sandwich, which was so big i clearly thought it was a meatbuster or belly buster, i cant remember the proper title but its basically a bigger sandwich and someone else's order. The guy had to take a platter and cut in it half to wrap my sandwich up. It was huge! And it was pretty good. I did check and i had a regular size sandwich so I cannot imagine eating an upgraded one. Sheesh meat coma.. lol
On my last day in town I ordered a cheese steak hoagie and that was pretty decent too. Pretty meaty and the right amount of cheese, they used the same soft bread. For a cold cut hoagie, this is the place but for the cheesesteak Max's is still best in my opinion.FOOD IS AWESOME. but the service is terrible, dine-in area is never clean and the bathroom is disgusting. 
There is always a line so I suggest calling in advance if dining out (or dining in for that matter). 
The food is so good that I have been overlooking these inadequacies for years but with all the renovations in the area, it's time to pick it up Larry's.Came back to visit an old haunt after Mr. Fultz put them back in the spotlight. We ordered a chicken cheese hoagie. We're trying to cutdown on our red meat consumption to about twice a month. I know I know Larry's is known for their cheesesteaks. Our chicken cheesesteak was pretty good. There are a couple of places I like better but as a rule I never mention other restaurants in Yelp reviews. What I didn't like was the roll. Too soft!! IMO you need some chew to stand up against the content of the cheesesteak. Will I be back probably not but when you are located next to a college campus I doubt if they'll miss me.The cheese steaks here are amazing, the bread is soft and the meat is cheesy and delicious! The bad part about this place is that it is dirty. It is obvious that they hardly clean. There was a pile of dead bugs in the windowsill. Also there was no toilet seat in the bathroom. It took them 15-20 minutes to get us our food because the cooks were chatting. People who ordered after us got their food before us. Also the girl who was working the cash register was texting and there were no napkins.So... When you are looking for a NY style pizza...this is not it. Too much bread. Delivery took as long as they said. Where can I order a late night true NY style pizza in Fairmount? Sad.I went to Larry's for years while attending St. Joe's. While the food quality is ok the customer service is atrocious.Had the belly buster and it was huge! I kept it pretty plan. Cheesesteak,  cooked onions, ketchup, and mayo i think. What's important is that it was good. The meat is not very seasoned unless you requeat seasoned meat. The staff were very friendly and accommodating of our request. Parking is on the street but you are in and out so bring quarters if you need. The establishment was clean, thank God, and i would return. Check the pictures and tgen go try the belly buster for yourself.Sitting in the heart of SJU lies a little gem otherwise known as Larry's Steaks.  Forget going to the tourist traps (Pat's & Geno's) in the city, grab a hearty beast of a cheesesteak here on the campus.  Yes there are places that have a better flavor than Larry's, however what Larry has that they do not have is the belly filler, let me put it this way it is a monster, and I have yet to defeat it.  The one thing that makes Larry's different is the selection, they have buffalo chicken cheesesteaks (damn good ones) and other joints in Philly do not.  They also have some great slices of pizza to offer.  Finally their fries are very good, they are the double fried kind that are really crunchy (my favorite kind).  If you are on going to class at SJU, it should be part of the orientation because it is clearly one of the best spots on the campus to get a quick affordable meal that doesn't involve driving around.  Because of the variety and prices, Larry's gets a 4 star review (sorry there is a boatload of competition for this and nothing screams 5 stars, 3.5 stars would be more appropriate).   However I am currently the duke of this place and will continue to give Larry my business.I had take out once, and the steak was a little too dry, but not bad. Went in once, and the man at the counter was completely rude. Whatever dude, I'll just go to Pat's or Tony Luke's, where the steaks are far superior and the people aren't rude, even when I don't order correctly.The quality of the food and service totally depends on the time of day....If you are going for lunch or dinner the food is pretty good.  Since Larry's is located on SJU's campus and is the only place open late, it gets extremely busy from 12:30-4am and can wait up to an hour or more for your order.I'll put Larry's steaks third on my list behind Jim's (west Philly) and genos. Larry's consistently delivers. if you really want to destroy your waistline, get some cheese fries with ur steak. omg they are crack! larrys has good variety too with pizza, salads, hoagies etc. great for late night.I ordered the chicken fingers platter thinking I would be served chicken cooked to its standard internal temperature of 165 degrees fahrenheit. Unfortunately, I was presented with completely raw chicken fingers! When I went back I didn't receive an apology, nor did anyone take the time to look at the raw chicken. Although I did receive a refund, I am in disbelief by the lack of remorse. I've uploaded pictures for everyones viewing pleasure of this irresponsible health risk.While my significant other was busy interviewing for grad school, I slipped away to Larry's Steaks after Friday prayer. I was super hungry and so I was ready to sample some of the fine cheesecake delicacies available in this city.
For about $7 I got quite a large sandwich. I can't say anything about the service because it was fairly empty, I got my food, got out, and got back to business.
The cheesesteak itself was pretty filling. When it came off the grill it was steaming hot, just the way I like it. This is important, because I'd rather have steaming hot food and let it cool down than lukewarm food and feel bad about asking to get it heated.
Mushrooms, bell peppers, and onions were plentiful and provided me with a sense of eating healthy since I could say I had some vegetables. However, I didn't really find any cheese in my sandwich. An ample amount of cheese can make or break a sandwich, and I think the cook might have forgotten to put some on my plate. As such, I don't think I found anything particularly interesting about this steak. The taste was decent, but nothing that would force me to come back again.
I don't have any comments from my significant other since I visited alone, and I doubt I will bring her here.I tried to go to Larry's and presented a coupon I received for their store. They would not honor it and instead said that instead of the $7 price for a plain cheese steak with a soda and chips as promised by the coupon, I can pay $9.50 for just the cheese steak and nothing else. I left as I probably would have gotten food poisoning if I ate there anyway. They claim to be the official caterer of Saint Joseph's University, however that is completely untrue.We are from California, and flew to NY to drive to D.C.  We stopped in Philly for a "real" cheesesteak. Larrys was amazing!!!! The sandwich was delicious, the size was enormous. So worth the stop!!Is a genuine Philly cheesesteaks wit wiz (with cheese whiz)? I don't know. What I do know is my friend's bf who is a Nova man swears by Larry's. (Anybody remember why the Chevy Nova was unpopular with Spanish-speaking consumers? Nova = no go) The guy who took our order appeared distracted and unapologetic about it. OK, c'est la vie and no love loss.
The sandwiches were made fast b/c the cook pre-cooks half the meat. You can peer over the counter & see it for yourself. The rest of the meat serving was thoroughly cooked, and almost minced to death. I wish there was more melted (sliced) cheese b/c it would have held the meat together. At least the sandwich was warm and had that hot griddle/skillet taste.
The problem: the sous chef seriously lacks communication skills. He stood there w/ a look that asked what we'd like on the sandwiches before he wrapped them up. When my friend asked for lettuce and tomatoes, the sous chef got ornery and said she should have ordered that stuff at the register. [BTW we didn't order the stuff at the register b/c the bf said it would be included.] He couldn't add it now. What could he add at this point? salt & pepper -- WOW.This will be my final update on Larry's. Found out that the chicken cheesesteak I ate gave me E.Coli food poisoning!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  My fiance' was also sick.  I'm not sure if it was just a bad day for them or not, but I thought I should let everyone know. Larry's is obviously doing SOMETHING wrong! I will spare you the details on what I had to do to find out what was wrong with me from my doctor.  I have never been this sick before from something I ate.It's a decent cheesesteak, but not a fav. This is also Kobe Bryant's favorite spot. Try it, you might like better than I.Our first time trying Larry's and we did it through Uber eats. Only good thing about this meal was that it was cheap and delivery was half the time as most places in this area.
Something tasted funky about the pizza in general not sure if it was the chicken or crust not feeling completely cooked. The fries were nothing special. 
Overall a cheap and not so good meal but if you were getting it late night after the bars it would probably do the job.
This is for the large buffalo chicken pizza and side of fries with cheese wiz came to around $22 for deliver and came within 25 minutes.My Thursday ritual- I've never had a bad experience with Larrys, my order is always correct and ready to picked up when I get there. 
The store is always clean and well kept- very spacious. Bar sitting inside , benching sitting outside
A lot of parking- street parking and they're own store parking 
I'm always greeted with a smile as soon I enter the store.Usually the food is good but I changed up my order and got the pizza with the works and it was undercooked. The cheese wasn't melted all the way. I had to cook it a little longer so the cheese would meltWorst steak ever!!!
The amount of grease is just insane. The steak was so greasy that in the few minutes it took me to get home the roll was completely saturated in grease and could not be picked up. Not only was the roll completely saturated but the grease puddled so badly in the bottom of the bag that it ripped. I had to throw it in the garbage. Completely inedible.Larry's steaks is a stop in for lunch type spot. Their cheesesteaks aren't awe worthy, They're just ok. I wouldn't recommend them as authentic cheessteak place; but they'll do though.I did not actually speak to the delivery guy. The pizza was good. Even though I just moved to Philly I think that it was a good kind, cheese was yummy. It came in a timely manner. 
We also ordered chocolate chip cookies. I wouldn't recommend them. Not sure if it was because it was late at night but they were hard. 
Pricing is reasonable though.Got one order of fries, onion rings, one house cheesesteak with everything, and one buffalo cheesesteak (with buffalo sauce and bleu cheese). The sandwiches were made to order, big, and delicious! The buffalo cheesesteak had a nice spice to it. The fries and onion rings were just okay - seemed like they might have been frozen and come out of a bag. Service was quick and friendly-enough. Everything cost about $25. The space is rather basic with outside tables and just a few stools inside. Beware the bathroom faucet, though - doesn't seem to want to turn off...This was my first time ordering from the North Philly location. It was horrible. The hoagie had one slice of meat and one slice of cheese. It had no mayo or anything else on the hoagie. I truly wasted my money and will never order from them again.First and last experience here. Forgot to put cheese on my cheesesteak- really??! Took 20+ minutes to remake the sandwich while staff continued to fulfill other orders. Jersey Mike's has this place beat in the cheesesteak department without doubt. Let my hunt for the talked-up "Philly Cheesesteak" continue...Decided to give Larry another shot. Maybe my last visit was just a bad day but today's cheesesteak was pretty good. I wanted to rate it 4 stars but one thing stopped me from doing that and depending on your tastes it may not be a big deal. The rolls they use are very fresh and soft which combined with the steam from the steak can make the roll a bit chewy. I would love to see them use a roll that has a harder exterior. IMO a harder roll would really improve the sandwich to a possible 5 star ranking. I realize roll price could be a factor but I would be willing to pay and extra buck for a Sarcones type roll. I will definitely give Larry's another call next time I crave a cheesesteak especially since I found out they deliver to the fairmount area.$10 minimum in card. Not really understanding why people are railing this place. Larry's is not bad. Cheap, greasy eats. Fast and friendly service too. The restaurant itself is very clean and has tons of seating, as well as benches outside. It's the home of the Belly Filler which is the size of like 2 steaks. The steaks are't bad. It's a solid roll that tastes like an Amoroso. Steak is kind of dry. Good amount of juice and I like how everything is folded together. Again, not bad.Great place to get something to go. It's clean with a professional staff. Quick service. The menu is diverse in choices. I wish it was a little cheaper and they had yellow mustard but over all I enjoy it.I previously gave it a one star for delivery but since then they've redeemed themselves and probably have the best salads and cheesesteaks in the neighborhood. The delivery has gotten a lot better as well. They have a varied menu but everything we get is well prepared and delivered in a timely manner.I never write reviews, but my experience at this restaurant has left me very upset. I called to Larry's for delivery. I wanted to know how much was the delivery minimum because I was only getting one thing and a drink, and I didn't want to get my hopes up and order something just for them to tell me it was not enough. So that was my first question (btw I did not have a menu). After I asked my first question the very rude girl put me on hold. Understandable. I hear her taking someone else's order. I wait patiently. Then she comes back and asks me "pick up or delivery?". I say "wait do you guys take card over the phone", she tells me the answer then I tell her my order. Rushing me the whole time. I get it, you're busy, still no reason to be rude. She tells me my total and I say ok and hang up. Then I immediately call back just to make sure what the total was because I wanted to know was the delivery fee included in that because it was a different price than what she initially told me. When the girl answers the phone she says my order and asks me in a very nasty tone "what do you want". I ask her the question because I was shocked. She tells me and hangs up. I was so upset. I don't think people understand that there are a million and one pizza and cheesesteaks restaurants in Philadelphia. I DO NOT have to patronize your business. Even if they were the only one I still will not. I call back to tell her to cancel my order. The girl says "OK!" And hangs up in my ear before I can say anything else. Her nastiness was very unnecessary. I assure you I was pleasant the entire time, as I am with all the businesses I patronize. We are all humans at the end if the day. We all deserve to be treated with decency.  I sat there in shock again at how rude and miserable some people have to be to be rude to a complete stranger that's giving you THEIR money. So I call back one more time. She puts me on hold this time for a LONG time (caller ID). When she comes back I ask to speak to the manager she says she is. WOW what a waste this place will be if she continues with managing this business. Her behavior is absolutely No way to treat a customer. I ask to speak to the owner. She says he's not there. Then I ask her why is she so rude to her customers? She says she's not and insists its my fault for her rudeness because I called 3 times, which the calls could've been prevented if she had just gave me enough time to ask them all at once. But she didn't she rushed me off the phone as if I need her restaurant. I will never be eating at this place again. And I assure you I will tell anyone and everyone I know, friends family, and strangers to not patronize this business. I hope they clean up the staff and teach then some fundamentals of business and manners because this girl certainly hadn't a clue.Second time I had problems with their delivery. First time was a very rude delivery driver, and this time I placed an order at 9:41pm, they confirmed it and said it would be delivered by 10:35. At 11 I called to see where my order was, and was informed that they cancelled my order and were now closed. Plenty of other places in the neighborhood without having to deal with this nonsense.The belly filler is always good, and they delivered to my hotel in Penns Landing. This location was just as good as the one by St. JoesLarrys delivers late night with great delivery time and good food. I love their chicken cheesesteaks and fries. Definitely a go to on the weekends when I'm craving late night food.Ordered on Foodlr. Never had a problem before. They never delivered the order. Called 3 times. No answer called the other location and the girl told me to go f*ck myself. Apparently an hour and a half later, after 3 messages to Foodlr the delivery guy shows up at my building after I'm in bed tried to deliver cold food. I had already told Foodlr  twice that I was not paying for the order after it was already 25 minutes late, if they charge my card, I'm doing a chargeback with my credit card, I don't even care about double points. I'm never ordering from this place again.I don't know about anything else on the menu but the hot wings are on point! The sauce is not too thin or thick. It has plenty of flavor. Its not like most buffalo sauces that are hot without seasoning. You can actually see the pepper and other seasonings in the sauce. The people that work at the front counter are always friendly and they stay open late which is a plus. If you need a late night snack I suggest going here!I got a buffalo chicken cheesesteak here and it was out of this world. The bread was so soft and the fries were really good. This is definitely my new favorite spot for cheesesteaks. I'm excited to try the rest of the menu. Also the people were really nice and friendly. That's always a plus.Their pizza sucks. Thought I was ordering from somewhere else and ordered here accidentally. Soggy $17 pizza. Gross.My friend decided to try this place today and it was such a bad decision because they basically messed up our whole order. We ordered a cheesesteak, onion rings, old bay fries, and a buffalo chicken cheesesteak. Instead of our buffalo chicken cheesesteak, we got 2 cheeseburgers.. The order slip even had a buffalo chicken cheesesteak written on it but for some reason they decided to give us 2 soggy cheeseburgers with too much mustard on them. The cheesesteak we ordered also had no cheese of which we paid an extra $1 for extra cheese whiz, only to get no cheese at all. Not only was the order wrong but the food wasn't even good. The onion rings were over cooked and the fries hardly had any seasoning on them. The only good part about this was that my friend decided to order from Uber eats who said they'd refund us our money back for the cheesesteak we ordered but never got.I was driving down Girard Ave with friends on a weekday. We were really craving Pats or Genos, but didnt want to drive out that way. We stopped in at Larry's, and let me tell you, just as good as Pats or Genos. We ordered a 2 foot cheese steak and slip it between 4 people. At first I thought it wouldn't be enough because we were starving. But it was very filling. I probably wouldn't have been able to eat another steak. 
Seating available outside, and bar stools inside. Friendly cooks. Quick service. Awesome cheesesteaks. What more could u ask for?
I'm definitely taking my husband here next time we're in the mood for cheese steaks!I heard/read good reviews about Larry's so I thought I'd try them out one night for dinner. I ordered through GrubHub and received a confirmation text/email saying my food would be delivered around 8:15-8:25, which was only a half hour after I ordered the food. That time passed and I received an update to my order stating that it would now be delivered between 8:45-8:55. This delay wasn't a big deal, but 8:55 came and went and I still did not receive my food. I called the place and asked about my order at 9:30 and they told me they were running behind but my order had just left for delivery, but I ended up waiting another 45 minutes after that phone call to get my food. It ended up taking 2.5 hours from when I placed the order until it was finally delivered. I understand places can get busy and backed up, but to top it off when I received my order (sweet potato fries and 10 mild boneless wings) everything was soggy from being cooked and left in the to-go containers for so long. I wanted to like this place, but I couldn't even eat my meal because of how soggy everything was and the delay was just too much for my liking.Larry's Steaks is responsible for the worst customer service experience I've ever had in the food industry.  Don't get me wrong-- their sandwiches and cheesesteaks are actually quite good, but do not attempt to try what they call pizza.  I ordered a chicken and broccoli pizza only to open the box to find that the entire layer of "cheese"  had completed shifted to one side of the pie (I put the term 'cheese' in quotes as this was in reality a blob of lumpy cheese swimming in a pool of oily liquid).  And when a piece that actually had cheese was picked up, the fat and slippery mound of cow bi-product  merely slid off the piece.  Horrible.  I will say though, the chicken topping was quite good!
So I attempted to return the pie and in the process I asked for some delicious fried foods to replace my order.  The cook insisted that the pizza was "supposed to be that way" arguing that "they all come out that way".  I repeated my polite request for some mozzarella sticks and fries, and he stared at me blankly, refusing to make right the terrible monstrosity he called food.  He began giving me attitude as if I was the crazy one in this situation, so I merely left and made sure to leave the pie as well.  I received no refund.  
Even though I live just a few blocks away, I will never eat at Larry's Steaks again.Ordered food for my family... Waited over an hour they never delivered. They ignored my calls and when I arrived to the restaurant they spoke in a different language to one another (I had no idea what they were saying) and they were very unkind to me-they had no problem waiting on the white gentleman that came in after. They yelled at me and pretty much told me they were not giving me a refund or my food. I left crying and angry because I was tired of arguing and I could not believe this was happening. So I called up GrubHub (that's the app I used) outside the restaurant for help, and I discussed with them what happened. GrubHub called and also informed me that they were rude to them as well. However, GrubHub said they would issue my refund and will take care of everything. Stay away from this place. It's not right and they steal from people.... And they discriminate against people of color.Took 1.5 hours to deliver cold fries and a dry "cheesesteak" that didn't have any cheese on it. Never again.I've been to the original one off of City Line after hearing people say it's one of the best in the city.  That was a few years ago.  I recently just moved into the neighborhood of this location and saw there was another Larry's.  I thought it was time to reintroduce myself to this cheesesteak.  I got the traditional whiz with fried onions.  I should have done like Kramer did in Seinfeld and snubbed it.  If this location is anything like the original, then the people who claim this is one of the best places need to forfeit their Cheesesteak card.  The roll was ok;  it wasn't terrible, but not great either.  The steak itself had no real signature taste that you're looking for from a "top spot".  The meat wasn't anything special.  I feel like I've had that kind at any local pizza joint in the area.  There must have been a whiz shortage there because there wasn't much on it.  The open half of the steak didn't have any, and only when you got to the inside of the steak is when you could taste it.  The onions were chopped very small and barely influenced the taste of the sandwich.  All in all I was disappointed in it, especially since I live so close.  For being such a well known place, it certainly wouldn't make a Top 10 list.While at work I decided to order for Larry's since they said they are open until 1:00pm on Friday so I placed my order at 12:15am and it said it should be delivered between 12:50am and 1:01am so I waited and waited so at about 1:30am I decided to track my order and to my surprise I said it was delivered at 12:38am and of course the restaurant is now closed so now I'm just out of stuck at work without food and out of the money until I get someone on the phone tomorrow this is horrible customer service and this was the first and last time I ordered from Larry's steaks and for all new customers good luckOkay so I've never ordered anything but wings here. They are so far my favorite wings in philly. The 4 times I've ordered them, I got them delivered. They have adamant sauce (with a delicious original flavor), are cooked perfectly, and are nice and hot upon arrival. The price for 20 is good too. The bleu cheese is nice and chunky as well. I'll keep trying other places but this is my gold standard for now.his or her opinion heard about any restaurant. In many ways, this is a good thing. Now, before spending our money at a place we've never been to, we can do a quick search and see what dozens -- if not hundreds or thousands -- of our fellow diners thought about it. For the most part, this is a pretty reliable way to tell if a restaurant is worth going to or not. If 100 people had issues with the service, you can probably expect to have issues with the service, too.So I was hungry about a week and a half ago and picked this place out of drunken desperation and simply because I'm sick of the pats and genos debate. Emma takes my order. Right away I want some of what she's partying with and have totally forgotten about food, but place my order anyhow. When my cheesesteak is up, half of it is missing, and guess who's eating it?? When I demand to speak to the manager all she says is sorry I'm on my period and continues stuffing her face till Jacob arrives. He just shrugs and says he talk to her again. So she has done this before, I demand?? Than he gets snippy and says he has bigger problems to deal with.. To prove his point a huge rat creeps out of a crate of rolls and into a stack of pizza boxes. Yea, I'd say so.Steaks are usually right on point. Can't figure out why they charge you extra for Sauce. Lol. Sounds petty. Lots of up-charges. Place is clean and usually pretty quick for take out. Seating inside and outside. The other good is fairly reasonable as well. But, come on. Extra .50 for sauce.Kind of difficult to rate a place that never sends your food, but still charges you.  I placed an order for delivery, when 45 minutes had passed I called Larry's Steaks, the lady told me all deliveries are out and it would be there.  15 minutes passes, no food.  I call "Slice" the delivery company.  I explain the story and they hang up laughing.  I call back and they apologize stating "there was a problem with their phones".  Awesome!  Steer clear of both Larry's Steaks and anything having to do with Slice delivery service.  That is all.The best & most consistent food I've had in uber eats  the best chicken cheesesteak in PhillyI love this place.  I go to both locations often.  I always get the house steak it's the best.  The service is great and they parking.  The steak is big enough to take half home for another great meal.  Don't reheat in the microwave.  Try the oven 350 for about 10 minutes.  Yes the roll will be crispy but it's better than the microwave.  I like it a lot.Ordered previously never had a problem. Ordered tonight the woman who took the order was rude and kept interrupting telling me to me to hold on. I wanted baked ziti with veal as was told it was discontinued, so i ordered the cheese steak with fried onions, sweet peppers, pickles on the side. I got my steak it was mediocre. I never ever tasted pickles that had no flavor, none. Even the milkshake was terrible, needless to say I will never order from the Larry's in North Philadelphia again, never.Yikes! Very very scary. :/ the food was comparable to bowling ally food. If that's something you're into, may be the place for you.In a city like Philadelphia, you do not have to go far for pizza, steaks and hoagies. We Philadelphians are not the type to be like, "Ooh let's hop on the L and go to this place since it's 'the best.'" Yeah right. Unless it completely sucks (which it won't thanks to good ol' American capitalism and competition), we're going for what's closest or, in most cases, the best place within delivery range. That is how I discovered Larry's. "Home of the Belly Filler," Larry's steaks have helped me nurse many a hang over, a heart ache and a hell yeah let's have steak sandwiches with fried onions and mayo tonight baby! I thought I could polish off a belly filler on my own during one particularly difficult night which I don't want to talk about, but that sucker was HUGE! My deal: Steak sandwich, slice of cheese pizza to eat on the way to wherever I'm going to eat the steak sandwich, chocolate chip cookies to dip in milk after. Pretty sweet right? (See my posts on how much yoga I do). Not really a sit down place especially when it's cold out - only limited counter seating, but a fast and reliable joint to order ahead and pick up or have delivered. Of the 3 places within a 4 block radius, Larry's is my absolute favorite, and even though I've sampled plenty of places in Philly and the surrounding 'burbs, I actually look forward to Larry's. The best? Well, let me pull a Bill Clinton here and clarify what "best" means. Tasty, flavorful meat, artisan cheese and legendary service? No. Quality meat and cheese that tastes delicious, and warm service that feels like home? Yes. Didn't answer your question about "best" did I? Exactly.First, I want to clarify that my issue is primarily with the customer service, not the quality of food. Two stars were earned solely for the food. It's tolerable. 
My experience with Larry's Steaks tonight was very disappointing. I placed my order of two sandwiches with Jacob, and specifically asked them to not put cheese on either. After I completed saying my order, he read my order back to me and confirmed that it said no cheese. After waiting roughly 30 minutes to receive my order via delivery (understandable), I receive both sandwiches to find cheese placed on both. Frustrating, but I understand that most people like cheese so placing it on the sandwich can become muscle memory. 
Once I called Larry's to explain what happened, I was assured that I would receive two new sandwiches. Great. I'm still a little upset, but it was handled properly..........
*******This is where it went south.*********
After 40 minutes passed (I live less than half a mile away from Larry's BTW), I called and spoke to Jacob again to ask where my replacement sandwiches were. He mentioned that the cooks 'just got done cooking the sandwiches'. I was surprised, and asked why this didn't take a bit of priority since this was their fault. Jacob responded very arrogantly by saying, "Well, you aren't the only person. There are other people ordering too". AGAIN, surprised! I reminded him that this was YOUR error and I should not pay for it by waiting even longer the second time around. I asked to speak with the manager, to which he said "I am the manager." I hung up, and when the delivery driver arrived he also asked why I was upset. I explained the situation to him and he said "well we have a 45 minute window to deliver your food". Apparently, nobody at Larry's understands that I didn't go there and mess the sandwich up myself. 
I cannot believe that a 'manager' felt so comfortable as to handle the situation as poorly and rudely as Jacob did. Seeing as Larry's Steaks has such a good reputation in Philadelphia (with myself as well) I didn't expect such poor management to be displayed. Last time I will be ordering from Larry'sOK went back again so I figured let me update my review. The cheesesteaks were excellent which I would rate as a 4 star steak. If they used a better roll I would rate 5 star. Also tried their pizza which is pretty bad. I don't know how to describe the pizza but when a 99 cent frozen pizza tastes better you have issues. If I had only bought the steak this would be a 4 star review but getting a one star pizza drags this down to a 2 star review. I will still get steaks from here but will avoid the pizzaWe ordered a tomato pie with half sausage, which we got but that's about all Larry did right.  My faux pie w/ can sauce & cardboard sausage, (more does not equal better) was outright terrible. I'll be throwing it out as I tired to give it to my dog who started to whimper and then proceeded to run away in what can only imagine to find Larry and attack him for poisoning her. Maybe the steaks are decent but take the pizza off your menus and everyone a favor.My boyfriend is from Philly so when we go up to visit his family Larry's is one of our go to places since it's nearby. We usually always get cheesesteak platters and while it's not my favorite cheesesteak place it is always good. The portions are big, the meat and bread are tasty and they are usually pretty fast. I had pizza from there once, and the toppings were good but the crust was not and I probably wouldn't order pizza from there again. Now for last night... we ordered food to take home and he got the usual cheesesteak platter. I, on the other hand, just had a cheesesteak and wanted something else. Since I like their bread I opted for an Italian. I wish I would have looked at it before we left because when I got home to Delaware and saw my "Italian" I was so disappointed. And then when I tasted it I was almost mad. I thought "who in their right mind, let alone somewhere in Philly, would call this an Italian?!". Standard provolone cheese but the meats were awful. I'm guessing it was supposed to be ham, capicola and salami but they all looked almost identical and tasted bland and cheap. The only enjoyable part of the hoagie was the bread. 0 stars for my experience last night. Never again will I order anything else but a cheesesteak from Larry's. Lesson learned I guess I got the cheesesteak.  the belly buster is extra but mine still had a very good amount of meat.  I was pleasantly surprised how good Larry's was. Joe Biden and Kobe Bryant are Larry's fans. I didn't see them there but it was written in the menu.First time I've ever had a cold cheesesteak. Also I asked for fried onions and it had none on it... I went to the cook to ask for some fried onions and he gave me COLD fried onions...My favorite cheesesteak place in Philly. Hands down, best, most fulfilling cheesesteak is the belly filler. You get a foot long (that honestly is 2 ft in reality) filled with good quality meat, veggies, and yummiest cheese. Personally, this order I usually share with two of my other friends so it can be finished. 
I've never really dined in, I order pick up because delivery takes a long while. If you're ever in Philly and you have time visit this place, you can thank me later.Excellent cheesesteaks! So glad they were open on Christmas! We went to three places in search for an open place to get one. It was all delicious. Chicken and steak were both good.
The bread was thick enough and didn't fall apart. 
It was loaded with meat and the pickles at the bottom were especially good. 
The staff were friendly too.Wonderful food!! Large portions and the service is awesome. Damaris was kind and thorough in taking our order and really makes the experience even better. We had the cheesesteak Stromboli and the regular cheesesteak sandwich, and not only are they WAY large enough to get you full, it's reasonably priced and full of flavor. Do yourselves a favor and eat here or have it delivered!We ordered delivery from Larrys after a long day traveling so we could relax at the house. The mobile ordering site was clunky to use and didn't offer all the options from the menu. I ordered a cheesesteak with provolone and onions with fried cheese and my friend ordered the Stromboli with an order of fried cheese. We made a note that we had separate orders but that we were at the same house and the delivery guy came about 20+ minutes later. Larry's uses sirloin for their steak and it shows. The steak was pretty dry and it was hard to notice the cheese. I only ended up eating half of my steak because it just wasn't that great. The fried cheese was pretty good but they hadn't included the ranch dressings we asked for. My friend wasn't too impressed with his Stromboli either, but it was very large. Overall, there are certainly better places to get a sandwich or calzone from in the city.Food arrived cold, missing all sauce on gyro and no dressings for salads. Never ordering from here again.The Pizza and Chicken here are scrumptious. The pizza arrives to my family's door every week well prepared and fresh. The smell of it leaves your mouth watering and the chicken is crunchy and so tasty! I love this place. We order every week off uber Eats! Be sure to check them out. Order a side of fries too-- so good!!!!!I went for lunch with my Dad and the food was A+++++.  My dad ordered a mushroom cheese steak the meat was falling out of the roll that is how packed the meat was in the roll; The roll was extremely soft and fresh; I order the cheese steak lunch special with French fries and can of soda;  The lunch special was a huge steak with a load of meat;  I was surprised how large the sandwich was with a large amount of French fries;  We ate in very clean and nice inside;After getting 10 menus in my door I thought this was a signal from God so order we did.  Ordered the cheesesteak (I didn't eat but was told very good) & pepperoni Stromboli.  A bit greasy but super fast delivery and would deff. try again!Edit: They recently changed their bread to be more tailored towards the cheesesteak and less so the hoagie. The hoagie, while still the best, is slightly less delicious and I have yet to try the cheesesteak again but will report back when I do. I talked to management about this and they were very catering to let me know they will look into bringing the old roll back for just the hoagie, good people.
Takeaways: Best hoagie I've ever had, slightly above average but large cheesesteak, pizza not my cup of tea
I am torn in this review. I had read many reviews that say this is the best cheesesteak in the city and others that say average. They are definitely slightly above average and large. The bread is delicious but not really cheesesteak type. The meat is really the downfall, it's pretty low quality, cheese is decent and the onions are okay; better meat and it could be very good.
BUT THEIR HOAGIES. OMMFG!!! I won't go anywhere else. My mouth is watering. The bread compliments a hoagie way better than a cheesesteak. These things are MASSIVE. The meat is heavily packed, very quality and stacked. Veggies are as fresh as they come. This made hoagies my favorite thing to eat.
I personally don't like their pizza but I have friends that do. It's a large slice, very cheese heavy, soft on the sauce and the dough is very hard and kinda flavorless. Big and cheesy.
I would give 6/5 stars for the hoagie but the place has steaks in the name and steaks are a little better than average. While it has big portions it's a little pricey.
Get a hoagie here once in your life.This place is shit. I ordered from work because the cheesesteak sounded good. How can you mess up a cheesesteak with extra cheese and a bottle of cherry coke? Ask Larry. The delivery took over two hours. I called 30 minutes, an hour, and 90 minutes in. Only after the third call did they inform me "the driver had a flat" and they would make a new sandwich and drive it right out. The cheeseteak, if you can even call it that, was disgusting. As many reviewers posted (did not read reviews here before ordering), there was no cheese despite paying extra. The meat was gross - it looked more like intestines than steak and was super fatty. To top it off, they gave me a can of pepsi instead of a bottle of cherry coke, so got ripped off a dollar for dessert. Yelp, lesson learned. STAY AWAY!Two stars and that may be generous. Placed an order through yelp using Grubhub delivery service. Ordered the special they had one large cheese pizza, one cheesesteak, fries and a 2 liter. Let me just say the only thing giving this review 2 stars is the cheesesteak. Order came over 10 minutes late. Delivery driver says he's here and I asked if he was at my hotel room and he said he didn't know he was coming to a hotel room (I put the room number and note in the comments). Then reception called me saying the food was delivered at the front desk, I guess they can't deliver to the rooms at this hotel? Anyways, food was lukewarm, fries were cold and soggy. Cheesesteak was good, bread soft, meat finely chopped but I asked for it with cheese whiz and I got cheese whiz literally only in the last 2 bites. I don't even know where to start with the pizza. Frozen pizza is all that comes to mind. The sauce, cheese, and dough all tastes like it was frozen. Probably the worse pizza I ever had. Larry, you should stick to the cheesesteaks buddy.Ummm Ok! So I ordered from Larrys using Uber eats. I got a pizza with spinach (half spinach half cheese) and cheese fries. The cheese fries were all that!! Nice and hot, cheesy, just scrumptious!! 
The pizza ummmm not so much. First they got the order wrong. I asked for and was charged for a pizza with half spinach and I got the whole pizza with spinach. 
Called Larrys and they weren't really helpful. Insisting that I made an error during ordering (I didn't). They didn't even want to compare the order with me over the phone, just told me to call Uber because there was nothing they could do. 
Due to this they get 3 stars. Food is just okay and the customer service is sub par. But hey what can you expect from a pizza shop???My food arrived before the scheduled delivery time.  The cheesesteak and fries were just 'okay'. I expected more cheese on the cheesesteak though, but the roll was fresh and perfectly soft.  Fries were bland as you can see in the picture.Cheesesteaks are gross here. Bottom 5 in the city for sure. Fries are very soggy. They're not even good if you're drunk LOLAfter noticing that Larry's had opened up a few months ago, we stopped by here in hopes of some delicious sandwiches. Ask and ye shall receive! Larry's has generous serving sizes, filling, hearty food, reasonable prices, and fast service. These guys sure do know how to blaze through a line! There's a counter to sit at, but most people seem to do takeout. Bonus points for the small parking lot they've got going on. We got regular-sized hoagies (priced between $6-$7), which each must've been about a foot-long. The bread is soft, yet sturdy enough to withstand the huge amounts of filling they pack in there. You get a few free toppings from the menu too; always nice. Whether the fillings were cooked or cold, they were fresh and delicious. If you're looking for a solid hoagie experience, Larry's has you covered.
I'm a little scared to try the belly filler, or even gaze upon it with my mere mortal eyes.Straight forward delicious cheesesteak-cabby said it was the best - and it was good and it was a lot of food.Ordered food online thru app . Food was due to be ready by 7:30-7:45pm ..walked in store  at 7::50p and food wasn't made. Person behind counter said order was not made their.  Showed mobile receipt and he then said 15mins wait. 
Other patrons came in and received food promptly. I walked in and out of store a minimum of 4 times before food was ready at 8:20pm.  Totally bad service no explanation  of why order was overlooked or delayed.  Food was placed on counter.... not in location reachable to myself and employee walked away!!
Several employees did NOT have on mask and patrons came in store  with NO MASK. 
I WILL NOT BE RETURNING TO THIS STORE.Ordered delivery and was surprised with a super fast order! It came in half the time it was supposed to! Ordered the cheese-steak platter which was great! Fries were amazing. And wings...yummy!This was the absolute worse food I ever had in my life. It was so overpriced to be so disgusting !!! I order cheesesteak platters with fries. The cheesesteak came with NO CHEESE AND NO ONIONS as a standard cheesesteak should have, the meat was DRY and undercooked, not seasoned, the fries were cold dry and hard, honestly just avoid this place. They don't know what they are doing. As well as the food took an hour. If I could've gotten a refund I would have. This was the WORSE. I ended up having to buy food from somewhere else Bc this was inedible and gave me entire family stomach aches.They have the worst turkey burgers in the business,, it's a processed patty that is so hard and the taste is foul ,, the steak and fried chicken players are ok but do not order a turkey burger , just skip that part of the menuThe steaks here are very good. You have a variety of possibilities for toppings. Everything was made to order and was nice and hot upon receiving. Fries are extra crispy, just how I like them however others may find them over cooked. Cheese sauce can be added to the fries as well. The pizza is ok it was a great deal for their combo meals they offer.Great shop! Got the chicken cheesesteak and it didn't disappoint! Perfectly melted cheese, soft roll, and actually crispy fries. Thumbs up!!This place is good as I remembered it as a kid.  I started out with the place on the campus of St. Joe's on city line ave. But I moved and now I am going to the one in north phila.  It is just as good and can compete with any cheesesteak shop in Philly.  My son had one which was his first at 21 and my wife had one and they both those that it was the beat steaks they had ever had and that is saying a lot seeing that they both had steaks from most of the popular pots in Philly.My food didn't even get to me yet and I know it's cold. Been waiting over an hour for a platter. Called twice she said "he's on his way". Still waiting. I don't think I want it anymore.The food tasted amazing. If you order a cheesesteak make sure you get cheese whiz. It'll make the sub. However, it's almost like the meat was steakums. The pizza had good flavor but I personally like the thin crust.Steak Stromboli was NOT tasty. Didn't come with pinions or peppers. From now on I'll just stick to ordering cheesesteaks from this restaurant.Larry is true to Philly cheesesteaks flavors. It was seasoned well and quick to order, I believe they use angus beef strips just from the taste I've had it before! It def top 20 in Philly.Honestly I feel guilty that my first experience with this place was 1) at Girard ave and not west philly & 2) that it's during this pandemic. But I will say that when I was emotionally craving a cheesesteak it more than got the job done. 
Personally the onion rings were NOT worth $4.75 as the typical from frozen jawns not homemade in any capacity, but what should I expect? I guess just a slightly cheaper price. 
Gotta  say the steak itself was damn good, perfectly chewy bread and solid flavor. Was seriously lacking in the amount of steak compared to as advertised, but overall taste was goodFood here is quite good and I have had food delivered a coipl times. I especially like the lunch pizza special with a lot of gooey cheese.