The food is pretty good what sucks is the wait time for pick up you can order before you leave to get the food and still end up waiting a long time when you get there. Also the counter girls can be rude sometimes and I also don't like that when it's hot outside it's even more hotter in the store and when it's cold outside it's freezing inside I like to dine in sometimes and I avoid coming here for these simple reason.This establishment has gotten worse over the years. Their quality of meat has changed and doesn't taste too good. Their drivers are very rude and obnoxious. I tell them to calm instead of knocking because children are sleeping, yet the bang on the door and ring the doorbell multiple times. The customer service and food is unfortunately poor. This is a place you would order from because there is nothing else around.Ordered 20 wings which were pretty expensive considering the place I usually go to BEST IN TOWN PIZZA which gives me more bang for my buck anyhow the wings were completely dried out as if they were recooked never should anyone be serve something like that......Definitely would not recommend!Decent hoagie steaks shop with good daily specials. Just ordered a turkey roast beef hoagie for 7 and changeSome of the best pizza in the area and I've lived here for 23 years.  My favorite is the sausage but you'd probably be safe with any topping.  Also reheats really nicely the next day, in the rare case you have leftovers (so delicious, you probably won't).  Chicken wings are also quite good, seasoned nicely.  Haven't had the hoagies or steaks, oddly enough, but I'll bet they're great too.Asked locals where to eat and given few options but tried Larries...not disappointed. Great tasting and woman at counter was pure pleasure to speak with as 2 southern boys asked for her bests. Would go back but wont be in duit and tie next time.hahaLove love love larry's! Food is always great! The cheesesteaks are awesome. They're pizza is delicious{(my most favorite is white pizza with bacon :)}..fast delivery and prices are reasonable. You won't be disappointed!Let me start with this, the girls that work there are the absolute WORST CHICKEN HEADS ever! They're unprofessional, disrespectful and filthy. I've ordered a slice and this trick didn't wash her hands and put on gloves. She just popped it into the oven. I told her I didn't want it. She had a nerve to roll her eyes and catch an attitude.  Oh my bad, I just don't want to get a staph infection from you giving me food that you touch with your cruddy fingers.  B#tch bye, those heifers are seriously horrible at their job when the only duty they have is to provide customer service.  Otherwise, the food is fine, I just get tired of checking those "front counter" girls.In town for a quick visit at Navy base and this place was highly recommended.  Got my Philly cheese steak fix! Dave, good call!  FYI, they have more on the paper menu if you're in less of a hurry.Food is always good. steaks a+++++. Thursday burger is my favorite from here. Delivery takes too long though.Stopped here on Christmas Eve--with Yelp's help. The place was very busy. The young ladies at the register were fast and friendly. We ordered three small cheesesteaks and cheese fries and it took over 30m to get our food. We were eager to drive back to Delaware, so this was a big minus. However,  the food was very good!  We shall return :)Yeah, it was GOOD!! 2nd place I've tried for cheese steaks and I have no complaints about it at all. Staff is very nice and helped recommend my order.Cheesesteaks, strombolis and pizza are pretty good. Male owner/manager needs a new attitude. Girls are pretty nice. Clean the tables  more often and consistently!I would not recommend this place to anyone. I stood at the counter for 5 min before I was recognized. The phone order customers gets more attention than in person. The counter girl is rude and disrespectful. Businesses like this goes under because of poor customer service and lack of respect. I recommend that the owners re-evaluate who is greeting their customers. I will never return.i order from this place on yesterday and the steak dis colored and taste funny been ordering from them for a while the person who brought my food was in a rush the delivery service was slow , it is crazy these pizza shops in oxford circle want your money but the customer service and food needs work . and what we all need to do is cook our own food and don't mess with these places , i will not be back and buyer beware.I order a cheesesteak and cheese fries. I want average time for them 10-15 minutes when I went back inside to grab my food the cashier said she over charged me and gave me extra change back.which I'm like okay didn't mind I was curious why I was charged 14.00 for platter but did not question. When I drove home open my platter the fries was good,they just messed up on my cheesesteak it was tasteless and also I asked for only salt pepper ketchup. They must have have given me someone else's steak because it had lettuce,tomatoes,fried onions everything I can't eat. 2 star on this location I drove a distance and couldn't return my order back.The price has gone up a little recently, but they are still one of my favorite spots in philly!
You have to try their Gyros, Burgers, Pizzas, and Wings!! Unbelievable!!
The cheesesteaks are ok, but the above mentioned are outstanding!
I always visit them if I'm in the vicinity! Like today!Every time we come we get the wings & cheese fries which are great the only reason I gave it 3 stars is because the wait time is horrible always! In store is about 30-45 mins so I can't imagine delivery wait time! But still give them a try if your patience can deal with the wait time because the wings are pretty good!Hey Larry, you need to get more help or fire the girl answering the phones.  I trying to get a few orders before we head back out the city and every time (5th) called she puts me on hold instantly!  This is within the last 8 mins!  Smh, anyways good luck!I recent came here after the Super Bowl I must admit I really enjoyed my cheesesteak as always. I ordered a cheesesteak and fries. The total came to 10.70$ not bad at all.
I waited for the food 10 mins at the most, the service was very very fast. The employees were friendly and accommodation.not a large sitting area for sit in eating but they do have restrooms and a tv to watch while you eat your food. I usually order for delivery quite often. The fries weren't my favorite they were the usual fries with a coating on them to make them crunchier...I like salt lol. So I had to put quite an amount just to satisfy my taste buds. They stay open pretty late as well. At least until 1230
I personally recommend this place because consistency is key with me and I have not had a bad experience here yet!  I suggest if you get fries..it's just makes sense to go with cheese fries lolI love the pizza steaks. Bread is fresh and ingredients are very good. My wife loves the tuna and cheese hoagies, but I just wish they would double check the orders. Twice they've sent a turkey hoagie instead of a tuna hoagie. However, they have always been quick to correct the order, and I end up with a delicious turkey hoagie to eat the next day.Rating 2.5
Ehhh just okay. I don't know why I insist on going to steak shops and not ordering a steak. I need to just stick to what they consider their specialty. 
I ordered the daily special for Thursday which is a bacon cheeseburger deluxe with lettuce and tomato which comes with onion rings and french fries. 
The onion rings though there were only a few were the best part of the meal! So crisp and fresh. The fries were tasty as well but that burger was just drab. It lacked serious flavor and was clearly just taken out of a fridge or freezer and throw on the grill without any seasoning. The bread was nothing to write home about either. It tasted a bit stale.
Overall Yes to the onion rings and fries! No to the burgers. Not in a hurry to go back.I love the cheese steaks and hoagies!  Their salads and pizza are pretty good but I usually order that stuff elsewhere.Worst service I order the food I was waiting there more then 15 minutes I ask her my food is ready she said they forgot all the workers r busy on there phones .Had a chicken cheesesteak here.  Nothing great, nothing bad.  Not enough chicken to fill the nice crusty roll.  I'd suggest getting some sauce on the side (I had ketchup but my partner had sauce which was much better).
Quick and easy; nothing stellar or special about this place.The food is pretty good BUT the social skills of the front desk/ phone person is HORRENDOUS! You're placed on a 5 minute hold the moment they pick up and they're rude as ever. I forgot why I don't order from this place and it's all because of the weekend front desk girls! Not to mention, they charge you $2 for paying with a credit card! I guess they don't want to report all their earnings! Another con is the 45+ minute wait so many others have mentioned. Even when you go in to the place to order, it's a horrible wait. And lord forbid you need napkins, utensils or condiments! If you are not in a rush, or worried about your food being hot, paying with cash and don't care about how you're treated .... uhhmm well.. you be the judge.This place has been a neighborhood favorite for as long as I remember. The food is consistent. The best part about Larry's is... yes you guessed it, the cheesesteaks. Steak and cheese or buffalo chicken, doesn't matter, they're both excellent, hot, gooey and will eliminate that craving for a decent cheesesteak. Their pizza is average, however their mild wings are just right. They're tangy and spicy and generously coated in sauce. Overall I would recommend ordering from Larry's if you don't feel like cooking dinner and want some good fatty food or if you're drunk and hungry for an above average steak.I try to avoid pizzerias, but Larry's is one of my favorites when I get the urge for greasy food. I am a fan of their house steak and special stromboli. They don't use pork products and have beef pepperoni and sausage as a substitute. This is a big deal for all of the non-pork eaters. If you're in the area and looking for a good steak sandwich, I would recommend checking out Larry's.Best lunch shop in the area!  Great menu and prices are reasonable.  No complaints...period!Their buffalo wings has got to be one of the best when it is being compared to other pizzerias. I rather have larry wings over Buffalo Wild Wings any day. And their cheesesteak is always delicious!Good pizza. I usually order it when im drunk i give it 8.7 out of 10. Descent pizza nice tangy sauce and servie is good. I reccomend !Their food isnt how it used to be.. I ordered a cheesesteak and it barely had any cheese on it.. I was disappointed because their cheesesteaks used to be so bombWe stayed at the Logan in Philadelphia on the day of the Eagles parade and ordered a large pizza and 1 cheese steak from the Larry's on Girard Ave--which is only a few blocks away from the hotel. It took 3 hours to receive our food even though the woman who took our order told us it would only be 20 minutes.  We called Larry's about 4-5 times and each time the same woman stated that our order was on the way.  When we finally received our dinner at 8:30 pm the cheese pizza was rock hard and the cheese steak was very cold.  I would have much rather been told the realistic truth as to when we would receive our order so we could have made a different decision, but instead we were led to believe something that was not true.  How very disappointing.My friends and I have been coming here for years. Their cheesesteaks, and wings never disappoints. The only issue is their wait time. They can get really busy at times, and if you're not ordering over the phone, you might stand there for a while. I recommend taking a menu, and ordering over the phone, then pick up. It's much faster.Excellent food. Cheesesteaks are the bee's knees. Broccoli bits are amazing, along with the mozzarella sticks. Their Buffalo wings are a little odd. They have a sweet flavor along with the typical tangy heat. I'm not too sure how i feel about that.
Get a cheesesteak with hot and sweet peppers and cheese whiz. Its not real whiz tho, its the imitation cheese sauce, but it gets the job done.
Their gyros are fantastic! Loaded with meat, and the yogurt sauce is just right. It also comes with a generous helping of fries which is always a plus.
Their pizza is ok. By no means the best I've ever had. Their crust is too crunchy, and cheese has an odd sharp taste to it, but not terrible. They have a bunch of cheap pizza specials, so that helps the cause.
All in all, Larry's is great. Reasonably priced, and well prepared food. They stay open really late, which is perfect for those drunk munchie nights. Got their number on speed dial!!Yeah right...first they gave ne 6 onion rings as they call "MEGA RINGS"....with everything over cooked n stuck to the pan...pizza too greasy...n the club was nothing but a tease....never againFor the customer service alone I give 5 stars.  I ordered a belly filler cheesesteak and a side of fries.  When I got the sandwich home I looked at this huge sandwich and immediately thought of their slogan "I bet you can't eat a whole one" and I knew I couldn't.  What i did notice was that it seemed like this steak didn't have cheese on it.  I immediately called up the store and the owner Said picked up and said bring it in I'll check and if there's no cheese I'll make another one for you!!! I brought the sandwich back and even though he had verified there was cheese, he still made me another sandwich and gave me the original for my dog!!!  I was humbled and thankful the owner was so understanding!!!! Said you were great and you def have a returning customer out of me!!! Plus the food was really good!!! Thanks againSteaks are falling off management sucks the wait is ridiculous pizza nasty wings sauce is too thick so yeah only get steaks in evening during day yuckMy boyfriend loves Larry's cheese steaks. And the first time I had them I shared a cheese steak hoagie with him and I was sold instantly. The pizza is pretty good and the fries are really good when they are fresh; the meat lovers pizza is bomb! 
The staff are very nice and customer service could use some improvement. Unfortunately with the pandemic there phones are ringing off the hook, so sometimes the quality of the food is hit or miss. 
Yesterday 7/17/2020, I ordered a cheese steak hoagie, fries and an order of ten (10) piece buffalo wings. I ordered my food at 7:11pm, the young lady on the phone told me 30 to 40 minutes for pick up. I arrive at 7:50pm. Once I arrive I pay for my food and the counter girl told me a few more minutes my order will be done. 
I did not get my food till 8:30pm, that's over an hour wait. I understand it's a Friday night and they are busy. Since the pandemic it has been busy everyday, you can wait almost 10-20 minutes on hold to place your order via phone. 
The food was mediocre, sad to say because I really like their cheese steaks. When I opened the food at home the cheese steak was not hot, it was warm. The fries were warm an soggy, typically supper crispy, hot and yummy! The buffalo wings were all random sizes, with this horrible breading. The sauce on the wings were sweet an not spicy at all, and I ordered them to be HOT. 
Because I work in the food industry I could tell the cheese steak and fries were made before the wings (the wings were the only thing that was hot). It would have been really nice to have everything HOT and FRESH. Especially since I waited a whole hour for my food. 
What really made my experience unsettling was that a older man came in at 8:15pm to pick up a cheese steak an fries and walked out at 8:25pm. REALLY?!? 
I think I'm going to give Larry's a break and just stick with cheese steaks and pizza.I have been a customer to Larry's for years, I only had 2 problems here in 20 plus years, the first problem was every time the delivery person came to deliver he add to the price until I made mention , the guy said sorry that he doesn't make much on tips. 
The second problem was today, I been quarantining due to having cov-19 I did not want the driver to come to the door so I scheduled a order for pick up. I wanted to pay over the phone because a relative was coming to pick up. She said no I asked why, she said because it is policy, so I asked why for delivery will they take payment over the phone and that is when she became nasty, I asked to speak to a mgr and she said no that he was busy on the grill so warning if there is a complaint mgr will not come to the phone, I asked her for her name and she refused to give me her name, so I recognize her voice and know who she is and when I told she knows me that I order from Larry's all the time she simply said she didn't care. Look being in quarantine is not easy and I was trying to follow protocol and keep everyone safe but here it gets better I asked just place the order and she said no that now she was refusing to take my order. And hung up on me! So look I WILL BE CLEAR I WILL NEVER ORDER FROM LARRY'S again my reasons are these , first mgr refusing to come to the phone, second the nastiness of the cashier, third her refusing to taken my order and hanging up on me. Maybe is the fact that I told her I have COVID and that made her choice. Look this review is not to make anyone's mind on eating here but I will be clear LARRY'S will not get another cent from me.This review is also 3.5 stars like most of my reviews.
I've been coming to this location for over 20 years now.
Unfortunately, the food is not as good as it used to be.
The prices have also gone up significantly the past few years, so it's not the great bargain it used to be either.
The gyros are still good, as are the burgers, pizzas, fries, and wings.
The belly filler Cheesesteak isn't bad, but not that big, for me anyway..b: ( :.   : 3 
.   juju   
   ?. .6 : y 
: x NJ7u mMllzz. bbniuuuuuuth uuuyuu.yyyyyy yz5@ .I was on vacation in philadelphia so this is ZHE PLACE for a real Philly cheese steak . The stars was not for the food. I gave them  to the cashier, good customer service. Food was nasty nothing to compare with the real Philly cheese steak. Cheese look like cream cheese it was horribleGreat tasting food, I love their cheesesteaks and turkey hoagies, definitely the best hoagies in the citywe like the food .That's not the problem. 
We ordered ,were told 45 minutes .Okay by us ,we take that as a goal ,cause it might be a few minutes more .Understanding weather ,but roads are mostly okay currently.
Anyway ,it becomes more like twice the stated time ,over an hour and a half .
I think we are well within our right to be upset .
If it's  going to take 2 hours almost ,tell us ,be honest .
pretty sure the manager makes the counter help stick with the "45 " minute routine. I don't fault the counter ladies at all ,or the drivers either .both are always very nice ,when we call ,and when we get delivery .
We would wait in all probability,not change our mind when we order .
Honesty goes a long way .
Maybe they were short a driver ,or who knows what ,but next time ,tell us from the jump .Best damn sandwiches on earth!!! Always fresh and neatly prepared & packaged. Just LOVE this place!!So we've been ordering from this place for a while now the pizza isn't that great it's good but no wow factor however the cheesesteaks are phenomenal delivery time is reasonable prices are a little steeper than most of the other pizza places around however we do enjoy the cheesesteaks here so will pay the extra and continue to order from them I would recommend this placeThe hoagies are meatless. Here is my turkey, ham and Cheese hoagie... shameful 
Good bread...though.I stop in here for lunch as it's right near work every now and then. They have pretty good daily specials (I think Thursdays they have a small pizza for $5, not too shabby). It takes a little while to get your food if you order from inside. I would imagine calling ahead would be a better idea, but I always forget to. I've had the chicken salad sandwich which was pretty good (whole chunks of white meat chicken), the grilled chicken sandwich special (not bad, but pretty plain with just mayo and any veggie toppings you want), and the wings (nice and crispy, but I thought the sauce tasted a little funky). They only think I'm not a big fan of are the fries. I don't really like battered fries, I'd rather have fresh cut, but my lunch buddy loves them so I save some calories when I got to Larry's. I'm not sure if it's the same owner as the Larry's by St. Joe's, but i do want to try one of their cheesesteaks some day because I used to love late night cheesesteaks at the Larry's by school.I'd not been to this location in years, but remembered it to be pretty good ... Not anymore! ... This is the second time in 3 months I bought two Belly Filler steaks made with stale rolls ... Perhaps not the same management as years ago, didn't ask, don't care, they should know better ... Will not be going back ever again.This was probably the worst pizza I ever had. The pizza was cold and disgusting. To top this off the delivery driver asked to make a copy of my credit card when he got to my house. I already paid over the phone and he insisted to make a copy. I did not let him do it and he got very upset. The cheesesteak and wings were also terrible. Cheap food but you get what you pay for...Nightmarish x 1000!!
'Called in order - wait time was 30 minutes. When I arrived 40 minutes later, discovered that not only was my order not only ready, but that Larry's had absolutely no record of my order "whatsoever"
Showed counter lady proof that I had called in my order  via my phone log which she viewed and apologized, telling me that she would put it in immediately and that it would only take two (2) minutes. Patiently sat and waited another 15 minutes before going to counter about my order, only to rediscover that the IDIOTS HAD AGAIN LOST MY ORDER, AND THE LADY THAT HAD TAKEN MY ORDER HAD LEFT FOR THE NIGHT!! Counter person alerted manager (don't know if he was Larry himself) who appeared agitated (from too much steak grease on the brain possibly?)  and with an attitude told me that he would put in the order at that time, "WITH NO APOLOGY OR COMPLEMENTARY OFFERING TO APPEASE THIS CUSTOMER WHATSOEVER" (if you can believe that)!!!  'I asked for a refund and thought back about a customer who had demanded her money back when I first walked in the door to pick up my food and fully understood that I had just had an encounter with "THE TWILIGHT ZONE AT LARRY's STEAK ON RISING AUN AVENUE AND LEVICK."  So, take heed and beware! My prayers go with you because that's what you'll need when you visit that God forsaken crypt!!