This place is a good place to stop for a quick dinner that fulfills a specific craving for me.  I've had and loved authentic Mexican fare but I sometimes just crave the Americanized stuff I grew up with.  Las Margaritas delivers that at a fair price, with decent quality and accompanied by margaritas that are tasty and strong. The enchiladas are cheesy and the chips are crispy and fresh.  You definitely won't find anything worthy of a Michelin star here, but you will leave satisfied and, if you like margaritas, more than a little buzzed. 
My only complaint is that the wait staff always assumes that my boyfriend is paying and thanks him, even when I have handed them the check presenter full of cash myself.  It's a small annoyance, but an annoyance nonetheless.I love this place.  Margheritas are awesome.  Food is great!.  Love the Chille Rellenos!  Boyfriend loved the tacos.  I haven't had anything bad here.Good food only minus was that my martini had more vodka than lemon in it tasted like a straight shot. My friend had the salmon was awesome awesome I had the crab tacos. Tasted like lump crab meat put on a taco with salsa wouldn't recommend it. Was a busy Saturday around 9:30 seated after 3 minutes exactly but it was only two of us. Loads of people and a birthday party. So very loud atmosphere but comfortable.This place was good! Came here one day for some food that would really fill our bellies! We came around 4 on a Friday. It was busy but we walked in and got a table right away. The chips were crunchy and the salsa was chunky- Delicious!! We both got margaritas- my boyfriend had the coronarita and I had strawberry. Both were really good and pretty strong too! We got table-side guacamole- which was delicious! My only critique was the timing. We ordered our meals and received them before they came by to make the guacamole! So, needless to say our table was packed with food! WHOOPS! :) My fajitas were a really nice portion and my boyfriend got a combo that was scrumptious as well. 
Overall, affordable Mexican with large portions. I wouldn't say it was the best I ever had but it was great for the price! I would come again!its delicious!  the margarita's are bangin!  I usually get the chicken chimicangas and they are like CRACK!  only thing is...when its busy, prepare to wait and its crowded!  go early.My and my family love it here. They have great food. The place is always packed. We have ordered takeout a few times and I always feel like you wait long once you go to pick it up but it's worth it because the foods great.The food was ok but the service was terrible..terrible terrible terrible I may come back idk it depends if the meal is paid for by someone else!! The jumbo shrimp quesadillas was really good and so was the nacho with salsa.. They even made the guacamole right at the table in front of us which was cool but the other than that the service was terrible I mean horrible!!!If a place is called Las Margaritas, they'd better have phenomenal margaritas and this place lived up to it's name.  They serve big portions of food so you get your money's worth. If you come from Mexico, CA or TX, you'll have higher standards when it comes to authentic food so I recommend to order anything else other than the tacos because the carne asada lacks flavor and is dry. I have to rate a 4 out of 5 because it would be unfair to rate based on West Coast standards. For what I can find in Philly, this is the spot to get your fix. I love Las Margaritas' cheese enchiladas... mmm, sooo cheesy. I also like their camarones del diablo.Previously tried to find on Saturday but it was a 30 minute wait. We left. Tried again on a Wednesday at 5 and there were plenty of open tables. Food was fresh. Service was excellent and the food came out quickly. I stopped by for a quick bit to eat before my appointment and was able to make my appointment with time to spare. I love the quesadilla which was vegetable. Very tasty. The house salad was fresh and a good size for 3.99. The chicken taco salad was good and my dinner date has leftovers. I will most definitely return for dinner or lunch.Great food but absolutely horrible service except for 1 waiter (Sam) which wasn't even our waiter gave us more attention then our own waitress. The waitress tried charging and up charging us for items we didn't even order. Take out would have prob been a much better experience. And if you decide to eat in ask for Sam the only attentive waiter I've seen in the place.Good stuff. Never had a bad dining experience. I always leave with lunch for the next day!
AND they make some super strong Margaritas.Love this place! Always go here when craving good food.  Try their Everything Nachos which is more than enough for 2-3 people.Lunch specials are a great deal. They give complimentary chips and salsa while you wait for your food. The decor is heavily Mexican inspired with various bottles of alcohol aligning the wall separating the bar from the main dinning area. It's a festive environment. They also have a kids' menu for all of the picky little ones.   
Servings are on the large size so you'll definitely get the most of your buck.Good food, good service, I like their enchiladas but their drinks are Terrible! Their margaritas should be the best in town but they are not!... Wish they change the recipe.Best Mexican food in the northeast. Great prices on their lunch specials as well.Good lord this has gone downhill. The food is pricier and of lower quality. The servers are attentive if there is no one there but other than that there is not much going for this place.
Its official, there are no good Mexican or Tex-mex restaurants in far Northeast Philly.Cool atmosphere . Gigantic portions. I had a quesadilla trio. I was not impressed with the flavor or consistency of the meat in the quesadilla. However the Spanish rice is the best I've ever had. Our server was friendly, but service was slow. I have had much better Mexican food elsewhereI love this place, just went her tonight for dinner had the chori pollo which i highly recommend have had it three other times always good. 
The chips are awesome as in the salsa and i love  everything ive gotten from here. 
Prices are good a combo with rice and beans only 10bucks.
Its hard for me to pass up a margarita, had the frozen mango tonight delicous, but got the large and couldnt finish it.
I drive about 25 mins to get here from my place so not bad.I LOVE THIS SPOT!!!!!  Drinks are strong and very on point! I always get mango margarita and crabcake quesadilla with the onions "oh my Lord"!!!! Sometimes the bartenders and waiters seem as though they do not feel like working but never mind that stay for the drinks and food.I went on a busy Friday night but we were seated rather quickly. Service was prompt our food and drinks came fast. We ordered a pitcher of the house margarita which was watered down. After the pitcher was done I ordered a Texas margarita. Which wasn't as strong as I expected it to be either. Being a margarita girl this place let me down. The food was good. I ordered the Steak al a Mexicana with rice and a salad as my sides. My steak was a bit overcook but sit was still good. It came covered in onions which I loved. In all the experience was ok. I would come back on a less busy night.Great for margaritas however I got food poisoning after having a seafood dish here. I would still come back for drinks but I would never think of eating here againWent here for the first time about a week ago and I really enjoyed myself! The food was absolutely delicious. They give you so much food and I was full I couldn't even finish my meal. The Strawberry Margarita on the other hand I didn't quite enjoy! It taste like watered down Hawaiian Punch. I guess I'll have to try another flavor next go round!Ok, these 3 negative reviews aren't 100‰ accurate. My wife and I have been going to this restaurant for years, I do have to admit the service has gotten a little worse over the years, but nothing that would make me post  a negative review on here. The waiters have always been nice to us and got our orders right. They cannot however cook steak or shrimp right so skip that. I would go for the chicken nachos, they are amazing every time we've gotten them,  never fail. Also order a monster Margarita frozen they have different choices, they do not skimp out on liquor like your traditional Fridays or Applebees. One is enough, trust me. 
They are usually packed between 5-8 with a line out the door, but they do do takeout which is cool. Most plates are all served with rice, refried beans, and the usual trimmings that go with Mexican food. 
If you want to have a nice meal, order the following:
Chicken Nachos
Fresh tableside guacamole 
Mega Margarita 
Fajitas are pretty good, the carnitas are good too. Some of the meat does lack enough flavor, that's always been my only big complaint
Give them a shot, the place is clean and it does not smell, I've been there just a few weeks ago. The tables are kind of close to others, so ask for a booth if it's available. Don't always trust reviews on here, these guys have always seemed to work hard for my business.I love their margaritas! They're huge and taste good. They have very good nachos and tasty queso. Their taco salad is also delicious and I can't complain about it. My husband loves their chicken tacos. We continue to come back because the service is usually good and the bill is never insanely pricy!The margaritas are very very yummy but most of the food is a bit bland.  However the crab tacos are quite tasty.  The service is a bit slow but very friendlyVery good food, they also have a sister restaurant in Abington called señor salsa you should check that one out.This is one of our "go-to" destinations because of their consistently delicious food and top-notch margaritas. The one con is that the place can be crazy, noisy and extremely busy on the weekends especially. The service is good; we've been there dozens of times over the years and can probably count on one hand the times we've had less than stellar service. It is also a tad on the expensive side, but as long as they keep the portion sizes and quality on the high side, that's ok, I guess. 
Pros: good food and drinks, service
Cons: noisy when busy, tad overpricedBest Mexican food ever! The service kind of stinks, but the tasty food and delicious margaritas are well worth it!I have been here many times. Food is great, I have never had a complaint. Margaritas are amazing. .my favorite is the mango, never weak, except for happy hour lol. This is definitely my fav Mexican spot.Huge portions and good quality food at a very affordable price. The place is very busy most times I've been there. Be ready to eat as I'm not under stating the fact that the portions are HUGE.  It's a nice spot in northeast philly that has good food and drinks. It is a restaurant 1st and a bar 2nd. The place serves its purpose and is busy for that reason. It's not the best food or anything but almost like a jack of all trades in that it does a decent job in being a restaurant all around.I went here for the first time last Saturday.  6 adults and a 5 year old.  We got seated right away, we were probably early dinner rush, and they were crowded.  Fresh home made warm tortillas showed up right away with a tasty salsa.  We were given time to look at the menu after we placed our drink order.  Pitcher of Mango Margaritas were fantastic (only three drinkers in the group).  I had the chorizo tacos, it came with rice.  Two others had the enchiladas platters, which would have been my second choice.  The others had seafood quesadillas.  They looked good and they both really liked them.  I don't eat seafood, so no taste for me.  The kid got a grilled cheese.  My tacos were delicious.  The enchilada i got to taste was good too.  The desserts were passable.  I got fried ice cream.  Others got the banana something.  I say overall this place exceeded my expectations.  I was not expecting much from a NE Philly Mexican restaurant.  I had been to El Azteca years ago.  I thought it was overrated.  It beats the heck out of any of the "chain" Mexican restaurants.A good mexican place and one of the few in the northeast area of phillyGreat Mexican food at a good price. It's very rare that I have a problem here, but it has happened.  I suggest the chicken tacos margarita.  Just the right amount of spice.
The margaritas are better than most placesGiving this place a 1 star. Bartenders are horrible. Can't even get my drink order right. Margarita tasted terrrrrible...no flavor and bitter (mango and peach). Bartender rarely checked on us. To busy mingling with one single table. Save your money and go to a Chilis or On the Border better yet.The food is delicious and cheap and plentiful, which is why I wanted to give it four stars. (The menu is overwhelming, and it's all so delicious that I usually do a "pick three" option so I can bring home leftovers!) The refried beans are the stuff of dreams. And if you go there for lunch, it's definitely four stars.
But I made it three stars because, for dinner, it's extremely crowded and noisy inside (the tables are very close together, and the booths are pretty cramped), and a wait for a table can be really, really long. Normally I'm not that picky, but I find myself choosing to go elsewhere because it can be very unpleasant to wait an hour for a table and then be a foot away from a very loud and obnoxious group of people. Plus, the service is pretty average and can be incredibly slow. But the refried beans and the margarita pitchers nearly make it worth it.I've been looking for a decent Mexican restaurant in the area for a while and had yet to find one until now! Finally!!
The place was packed so my bf and I had about a 25 minute wait. We got seats at the bar and ordered a frozen lime margarita and a mojito. The mojito my bf had was awesome! I would opt for the on the rocks margaritas as the frozen ones are pre-made and come out of a slushy machine (not my cup of tea)-- It was still pretty strong though. We were seated after finishing our drinks and I had no idea what to get off the HUGE menu. We ordered the san jose special which was 3 different enchiladas with mexican rice and a quesadilla and taco. I'm a huge enchilada fan and these were delish. The quesadilla was huge for a cheap $4.50. Chips and salsa were fresh-- I always eat way too many before my entree!!
DEFINITELY will be back here. Happy hour is M-F 5-7pm--discounted margs and domestic beer.Now that El Azteca is closed, this will be my new Mexican spot. The food was good and plentiful. There was great music in the background. The service is really fast. It seems they get really busy so they make sure to clear tables fast to sit the next customers. 
You are served tortilla chips and salsa as soon as you sit. Beware, they are very addicting. Leave space for the amount of food you are about to get with your meal. I had the Carnitas. It comes with rice, beans, a small salad with guacamole on top, and of course the juicy chunks of pork all on the same plate. The food was very good but I couldn't finish it all. I have some left over for lunch :) 
The place is decorated with paintings of Mexican tradition. It is very colorful but fun. 
Las Margaritas is located at the back of a shopping plaza. There is plenty of free parking. Its a great spot to grab something quick to eat while shopping.Great food at awesome prices! I would eat here every night if I could!I was very surprised with this place! I'm very happy about what they're doing there- dishing out great food and in a timely fashion even when it's crazy packed! Good job guys :) keep it up and we will see you soonThis is a must go to Mexican restaurant. The decor and the food are both truly authentic Mexican. Our server was awesome. Being that I'm still cautious about authentic foods I went with the quesadillas and my God they were amazing, and such generous portions! Their margaritas are huge, hubs and I shared one. He got some variety of enchiladas and loved them. He's eaten here more than I have the one time but definitely a place we will return to again. 
As with most restaurants in philly this one is also in a strip mall but don't be deterred. The food will amaze you. I love finding these hidden gems that you'd otherwise just drive by. Growing up in South Jersey the whole Philly dining experience is still very new to me but I'm loving discovering places like this.Not sure how this place packs em in, except that the are very few other mexican restaurants in the NE. I've given this place 4  chances and not once walked away satisfied. Last visit was about 1 month ago and they were packed. Service sucked, the food was worse, and I almost choked on the dryness and tastelessness of their taco. Come on, how do u manage to screw up a basic condiment of the Mexican delicacy? To top it off, the waiters breath could kill a dragon!  Other meals there have been consistently poor.  Taco Bell has one up on this joint!I love this place every time I get to Philly I go for dinner here! The food is amazing and wonderful margaritas!I love Las Margaritas! Great food, strong drinks, lively atmosphere. The food is delicious! Tasty, authentic Mexican food. And the staff is always friendly. I moved to New York City recently and I've yet to find a Mexican place that's comparable to Las Margaritas.I've been going here for years. The waitstaff is very friendly! Best authentic Mexican and the platters are huge, usually served on two plates. And of course the margaritas are great!Best Mexican restaurant around. I always get the pick three combo that comes with rice and beans which are amazing. Very good happy hour prices. The staff is very good, too!Our waitress tonight was awful. She rushed us through the meal, and was overall rude and inattentive. Her name was Anna or Jessica. The food was delicious as always. I will be back but will not ever sit in her section.Small place, they offer half priced margaritas I believe on Thursday nights. The bar is tiny so if we could ever make it to happy hour it would be way cramped. The food is regular Mexican dishes,okay for the price.The server was friendly, the food was good & the company was excellent. We give it 4 sombreo's. Now if my husband would stop talking like speedy gonzalez I would be good.Great Mexican spot in the Northeast, definitely recommend you stopping in. There's options for everyone and everything I've tried on the menu has been delicious. Because it's popular, it's often full and noisy. Service is friendly and typically quick despite the crowds.They have good food bit can't get a takeout order right for anything.  It's been a year since ive been there as the orders were ALWAYS wrong.......its  become comical  So today  i figured it couldn't possibly happen again a year later ...we cant stop laughing!!!! yup it happened again. .  So when you order takeout  open every dish before you leave.It's nearby and it's good Mexican food. But it's really more of a party place, a bar, than a real restaurant. It's extremely noisy, by design, and on Friday and Saturday nights, it's 3 deep at the bar and waiting customers are standing between tables.
If you just want to eat the food, go on an off night. the service isn't great, but the food is tasty, as are the drinks. Prices are OK.
If you're a young person who likes noise and crowds, this is ideal.First time here. Was given the buzzer. Said it would be a 20 min wait. Our buzzer went off shortly after. My group immediately went to the host booth and was told our table was given away because our buzzer had been going off for over 10 mins, which was a lie. The hostess reset our buzzer and sat us down shortly after. We were only given chips, dip, and water. No one ever came back to take our order.  We waited at least 15 mins before deciding to leave. Terrible customer service.Authentic Mexican. I got the enchilada supreme that I loved ! The entree is huge and can definitely feeds two people . My friend had the Diablo shrimp entree and the spicy warning is not enough for how hot it was ! I like spicy and hot but this was on another level . Too hott in my opinion .  Margaritas were great. I will definitely go back .Always get the enchilada, two beef and one chicken. I get it with the mole sauce and spicy so it's right up my alley. Good flavors and they have table side guac which is cool. Plus they have drinks so youll have a great alcoholic beverage to accompany that good food.I love this restaurant. I've been here many  times and have never been disappointed. Food is fresh, hot and delicious! The margaritas are even better! This is great for a night out if you want to grab dinner and drinks. It's clean and the staff is very friend each and every time. I would absolutely recommend this restaurant.This place does a good business and I must admit there are by far fewer options in NE Philly than in and around center city. It doesn't come close to my favorite Mexican places in the city, but I have yet to find a better Mexican place in NE Philly so I struggle between giving it 3 and 4 stars. 
One thing I don't like is that they won't seat a party until the entire party is present. We had a group of 7 and 6 of us were present and they made us wait until the 7th person showed up. 
Portions are enormous. After eating some chips, I usually don't even get through half of my meal. I am serious that they give you so much food that I sometimes am able to get 3 meals out of an entree. Drinks are also very large. They give you a generous amount of complimentary chips and salsa and they will keep bringing the chips until you tell them no more. Food is decent. I think their veggie menu is very good. I ordered a shrimp dish on my last visit and didn't think the shrimp tasted all that fresh. From now on, I will stick to vegetarian options. From the price and portion size, I can't imagine that the meat could be the highest quality but maybe I am wrong. With the cost of food increasing, I am amazed that they can give such large portions at their prices and still make money.
The place can be a bit noisy since it is usually busy, and there always seems to be at least 1 or 2 large parties at any given time. But I enjoy coming here. Employees run around like crazy and seem like very hard workers. I would recommend this place if you are craving Mexican and happen to be in the NE.Ridiculous amount of food for a reasonable price. The service was also pretty quick. They were quite busy on a Saturday afternoon. We were brought some chips and salsa, they were delicious. I didn't take a picture of the platters. It would have been nice to have even a bit of iceberg lettuce as a garnish or some tomato. We didn't sample any meats, went all bean and cheese. I'm not sure but it seemed like a lot of american cheese stuffed in the poblano and enchilada. If you want a lot of food for your money head on over.Consistently good food. Consistently good drinks. Solid service. A favorite Mexican restaurant in the northeast!  Love the salsa.I love everything about this place. To start off their bean dip and margaritas are delicious, table side guac is amazing and their platters: my favorite is carnitas! I can't even begin to describe the flavor is outstanding ! Highly recommend for a delicious and affordable meal. The only negative is how small their waiting area is. It's uncomfortable specially during the weekend when there's a bigger crowd... other than that I have 0 complaintsService has went down hill. Went to lunch at this location and waited 20 mins and didn't get a drink even. I would stay away from this location at lunch time. This isn't a good spot if you have limited time for your lunch.In my opinion, Las has the best tasting authentic Mexican food in NE Philadelphia.  I've been going here for years-since the place opened and never had a bad experience.  There pricing is reasonable and they have budget friendly options for lunch and dinner.  The pick 2 lunch special will cost you around $8 and this same meal will cost you around $12.00 for dinner.  The pick 2 comes with rice and refried beans and your choice of entrée such as quesadilla, burrito, tostado, taco and etc.
Their margaritas are delish as well.  Served your way-fresh or frozen with sugar or salt on the rim.  Flavors include strawberry, mango, lime and more.  If you stop here during happy hour which is M-T from 5:00-7:00 you can get a regular sized margarita for $2.99.  Feel free to enjoy the free chips and salsa while you sip on your drink as well.Muy delicioso!! 
The chips and salsa are delicious, as are the huge margaritas! I have tried just about all flavors and they're pretty fabulous. It's always packed in here, which is great because I know that all of the ingredients are fresh.
My favorite entree is the taco salad. I'm salivating just thinking about it. HUGE portions and fresh food.
The only thing that I don't love about Las Margaritas is that every dish has refried beans, and you don't have an option to have black beans or pinto beans instead. I'd rather have a black bean burrito than a refried bean burrito, so that's the only negative. 
Otherwise this is an excellent place for small and large groups, and almost any occasion.**Update**
Sat at the bar on 6/20/18 around 630P. Prompt service and chips with salsa.
My margarita was barely frozen and tasted like pure sugar. Did not enjoy it for $9, couldn't even finish. The pina colada was very good though. Order California tacos and the order came out wrong but we still ate it. The pick three combo, the beef tacos were extremely dry and the chicken quesadilla was so wet that it almost ripped the tortilla. Not enjoyable. Won't be back for a while.The food quality has gone downhill since I first started coming here a couple of years ago. They still serve ok tasting food but overall, it used to be much better. The rice is very mushy and buttery, the refried beans are too salty, the chile relleno tasted old and the sauce must've been some prefab canned sauce because it didn't have the same fresh and clean tastes before. The chicken burrito was bland but the tacos and fajitas are still great and they offer guacamole made fresh - all very hefty portions. The service is always great, friendly, and fast; and  the bar is a good place to hang out and grab a beer while waiting for a table.I went to Las Margarita's for one reason. I wanted a Margarita. Not an alcoholic slushy, but a true Margarita. One like this:
1 ounce tequila
Dash of Triple Sec
Juice of 1/2 lime or lemon
Pour over crushed ice, stir. Rub the rim of a stem glass with rind of lemon or lime, spin in salt--pour, and sip
So, I ordered a margarita, and I figured I'd get a late lunch too, so I got the Tacos De Camaron (Shrimp tacos). The tacos were good. Not great, not terrible, but good. The margarita was a damned premix poured over ice in a cactus themed plastic cup, with an orange slice garnish. WHAT THE HELL? Read the recipe I posted again for how to make a Margarita. Is what I got even close? I went for one reason, one drink, and seeing how the name of the place is the name of the drink I wanted, I went in with high expectations. They failed to meet my expectations. They'd get 0 stars if I was allowed, and if I could technically do that. They get 2 because the tacos deserve 3, but the drink brought it down to two.I love this place!! Amazing margaritas and delicious food! And not expensive at all. Really love the complimentary chips and salsaMy first time visiting.  Excellent service, very good food.  The best Fish Taco I've had in a long the food and atmosphere lent to the authenticity matched by the gracious, attentive servers.  
I can't wait until my next visit so I can write a 5 review!A couple of us girls got together and decided to dive into some drinks after a movie. It was Saturday, around 4 or 5pm and definitely crowded, but not a long wait. We grabbed the first margaritas at the bar and probably 15 minutes later we had a table.
The booths were cozy and the drinks were strong.
My two favorite dishes on the table: Queso Fundido and the Chicken Nachos. 
Best friggin chicken nachos I've had in a long time. Everything was perfect about them; the layers were evenly proportioned with the cheese, chicken and peppers. The flavors were mouthwatering. And the Queso Fundido- you'll want to lick the bowl.. 
Several margaritas later and you're ready to go and will happily come back.The "Best Mexican" restaurant in Philly by far! Try the pork carnitas, you won't be disappointed. The seaters are terrible, but the food will make up for their lack of common sense.I am not a big fan of Mexican food but everyone I know loves this place.  It is always crowded somewhat of a wait.  The Margaritas are excellent!  Which is why its a great place for girls nights out.  They give you a big portion of food and the prices are very reasonable. Great for lunch or dinner.The portions are huge, and the food is great! You definitely won't be disappointed if you come here. The verde enchiladas were delicious. They have a big menu, so there's lots of options...and the prices aren't so bad either!Always a great place to go to meet great friends... and i lovvvvve their chips and salsa, its a must have :)Always crowded but worth the wait. Great salsa and their combos are affordable and give you a lot of food. Probably my favorite restaurant in NE Philly. Be careful though, those Monster Margs are deadly!This is a great place to take a date on Friday or Saturday night. The atmosphere is nice, tables are newer and seating is spacious. Also on these nights there is a Mariachi singer/guitar player that will do serenades if you request it, otherwise he wanders the restaurant singing to everyone.
There are other Mexican places in the Northeast that are better on quality & price, but this place has great atmosphere & the live music makes it a real treat!Please perform a fast before you come here and don't partake in any life changing decisions after because you will be struggling through a Mexican food coma, especially if you decided to add refried or black beans as a side dish.
I give this place 3.5 stars but Yelp doesn't allow 1/2 star ratings. Place is overall "a-ok", but if you are judging only for this neighborhood area then it gets a four stars. Food is ok - for deal seekers this place is certainly one! I'd highly recommend the soft tacos here, very fresh. Service is ok/pretty good and they are fast. 
Craving for fish? Have the fish tacos. Craving for beef? Have the beef tacos. You get my point. Have the tacos (it comes only in soft shell). Comes with Mexican rice and salad topped with fresh avocado/tomatoes as a fresh salad "topping". Not in the mood for tacos? Go for the fajitas. For drinks - it's called Las Margaritas for a reason. Get the Strawberry Margarita, it's the special here, served in a knockout sized glass with a green cactus as a glass stem, befitting for the theme of the restaurant.
Upon sitting down they serve you nachos and salsa - it's unlimited. But remember your appetite is limited so control yourself! The salsa is fresh but a tad bland for me, though I do realize they may have to tame it down for the mix of local clientele.
Watch out for the green bottle of authentic Mexican habanero sauce that is with the condiment rack on the side of the table. It's good, but the hotness creeps in slowly, so top on slowly.
Please don't make any comparisons to Taco Bell here. They serve fresh stuff and a kicking margarita at decent prices. The soft taco entree is shareable between two girls.
If you don't plan to waste food and plan to consume your entire American super size me portion, I'd suggest you pull on your favorite Abercombie and Fitch sweatpants before you come here. This is a casual environment so it's okay, and at least your stomach won't cramp up from being restricted!This is one of my favorite places to go grab some food and of course a monster margarita. Every time I come here it's super fast service. Often times there is a wait when I come to this location but the wait always goes by quickly and they clean/bus tables so fast to have us in and out. 
(Their chicken is my favorite I don't know how it is made but It's the best!)I'll be the one to say it. The food here sucks. I think these million awesome reviews had to have been left by people who had a few drinks first and that skewed their taste buds. I will say that I did enjoy the drinks, but for me the drive from West Philly just wasn't worth it for the overall experience. Our crab dip was so watered down it was hard to get any on the chip because it kept sliding off. I had to add salt and pepper because there was NO flavor to the dip at all.  Most of all I tried to keep it safe by order a simple chicken quesadilla. After what felt like hours of waiting it comes out I take one bite and spit it out. The cheese it it was not only ridiculously thick, but solidified. Not even melted. Seriously? I took it to my nephews and they said it was the most amazing grilled cheese sandwich they ever had. Think about it.AWESOME Experience!!  Food was great as well as the service...Place was packed with friendly people who were out on a Friday night enjoying drink, laughs and amazing Mexican food!!  Highly recommend if you like Mexican food or margaritas!!My go to Mexican eatery!
Always great service.
Always great food.
Great margaritas!
I go there quite often.  Never disappointed.
I've also eaten at their NE Philly place.
You will not be disappointedThe food is good but the service is horrible. The last two times it took approximately 30 minutes each time just to place our order.  There are better establishments around.