Great Mexican BYOB! I went to Las Cazuelas for the first time for my birthday.  We had a wonderful time.  I was looking for a fun and festive place to go with friends.  This was the perfect choice. We brought our own bottle of tequila, and they made tasty margaritas for the table.  Those were a big hit with my friends, and a cool twist for a Mexican BYOB.  The restaurant is cute.  Plus, the food here is delicious. 
I'm surprised this place doesn't have higher reviews on Yelp, because it far exceeded my expectations... 
The guacamole appetizer was fresh and yummy.  I ordered the shrimp entree with rice and vegetables, and asked for it spicy.  My entrée had an attractive presentation on the plate (i.e. looked classy), and was delicious, well seasoned, and very fresh. On my suggestion, my partner ordered one of their mole sauce dishes (i.e. a sauce usually made from unsweetened chocolate and pureed pumpkin seeds), and it was tasty too. 
I should also note that the waitress was very attentive.  When I placed my order, I explained to her that I have mild lactose intolerance and can't eat much butter or cream (but am okay with cheese), so she had the chef cook the veggies in olive oil, rather than butter.  Thanks for being so cool about accommodating that request!  
The prices are extremely reasonable for fancy and unusual Mexican food, and I love the fact they're a BYOB.  The chef serves creative and inspired cuisine, which has a traditional flair and style to it.  In other words: Don't come here for regular tacos or burritos.  Come here for a fun foodie experience at a reasonable price, and bring tequila for the perk of BYOB Margaritas!The food is terrific.  Not just the food -- the presentation.  The arroz con pollo I ordered came to my table artfully arranged on my plate.  And it was delicious, as was every part of my order.
Why the two stars?  As it seems others know all too well, the service was abysmal.  On one occasion, we waited interminably for a table, only to find out that the waiter thought we were part of another party, when there had been two seats available the whole time!  
Once we were served, the waitstaff ignored us.
This place seriously needs a management shakeup.  It needs a better manager, and a dedicated hostess/outside manager.I tried Las Cazuelas recently, after hearing pretty good things about the food and atmosphere.  The first day I went in the place was crowded but we were seated promptly and our order was taken right away.  The food came out fast for how many people were there.  However, it lacked any real flavor.  Camarone tacos for me and a seitan dish for my friend.  The seitan was way too salty with no other flavour and the tacos were very bland.  Still hungry, we got the ceviche.  This was the ONLY good thing about our meal.  Water glasses weren't filled at all during the meal, even after the restaurant emptied.
I decided to go back a few days later, to give it another chance.  We had a different server this time, who seemed very new to the business.  Tables who sat after us had their order taken before.  However, again, the food came out fast.  (Wrong order first, but quickly fixed.)  This time I got the veggie enchiladas and my friend got the camarone dish.  Again, VERY disappointed.  Salt and pepper seem to be their only seasonings.  The shrimp had NO flavour, they were very much overcooked.  The sauce on the enchiladas was the same salsa put out on the tables as you are seated.  The veggies on the side of the shrimp meal were the exact same as the ones in the enchiladas.  There is no creativity or thought behind any of these meals.
I will not be going back.  I have had MUCH better Mexican off of the trucks in South Philly.For authentic, fresh and flavorful Mexican food, you have to go to Las Cazuelas. The enchiladas, Mole, and Mole Enchiladas are fantastic. The Horchata and Mexican Coffee are excellent drinks. It gets major points for being BYOB. The meats are so tender and the rice is perfectly cooked. The main reason for the perfect five stars is what topped the whole experience for me: the dessert. THE BEST DESSERT I'VE EVER EATEN. EVER. You MUST order the Cheesecake Bunuelos!!! It will blow your mind. I will forever be returning to Las Cazuelas.BYO mexican spot in Northern Liberties
Came for brunch and the service was great. Food was delicious. I'm a fan of chorizo and they highlight chorizo a lot in their dishes.
Bring some tequila and order some margarita mix.Great family owned restaurant with fantastic mexican food and BYO (T).  Medium sized restaurant with two separate dining areas, good for large groups as you can reserve the entire back room.
The service is fantastic, even when we've shown up 20 minutes prior to closing time, the wait staff was still incredibly hospitable.  The margaritas they mix are great, which is saying something as I typically don't enjoy margaritas.  The food is delicious, and parking is very easy in the area.  If you find yourself in Northern Liberties, give it a try!  They frequently run specials on Groupon and Living Social, so keep your eyes open and save a few bucks!We were there for a group birthday  (as well) and it was wonderful. Our servers were very attentive. No one in our group left hungry. Grab your favorite bottle and enjoy a good meal at this little gem.I used to live a few doors down from Las Cazuelas in 2005 and went there faithfully because the food is DELICIOUS! I dont' know if they still make it, but the Chilean sea bass with pumpkin mole was one of the tastiest things I've ever eaten. 
My husband and I visited last Sunday for Brunch and we ordered a TON of food because we had a $50 gift certificate to use up. I can highly reccommend the Huevos Divorciados and the Omlette Poblano. I am a poblano and mushroom lover and the oaxaca cheese melts into the eggs and veggies in the most wonderful way. My husband had the Divorciados and it was both unusual and tasty! 
My favorite at Las Cazuelas are the tacos- the steak with fresh onions and cilantro is by far the winner in my book and I confess, I have dreamed of them and often cannot resist the urge to go get a big plate of them! We tried the marinated steak tacos this time and did not like them very much- there was a red coating of marinade on the steak and it was overwhelming. You could not taste the yummy, meat-y, grilled flavor that is so great in the regular steak tacos. My husband loved the shredded pork tacos and I thought they were ok. The shrimp tacos are always a winner and taste fresh, crisp and light. I suppose it is the pure flavors and how they usually treat the fresh ingredients that brings me back time and again, I will veer away from the overly marinated items in the future. As always, the cafe de Olla (coffee with cinnamon +) and desserts are very good. I tell everyone about this place and always bring it up as an option when we have folks in from out of town. Keep up the great work!!I came here for my birthday dinner, and the waitress was very forgetful and basically sucked. We brought a bottle of tequila for margaritas and I am almost certain the waitress stole a nice amount of it, (the bottle was returned with 1/6th left and we only had two pitchers) and the two waitresses were acting drunk when we left. Good food, poor serviceMexican food in the city can be a hit or miss and it's hard to find a place that serves the authentic stuff, and his place nailed it!! Went here on a Friday night and brought a bottle of tequila. Unfortunately the free pitcher of margarita mix is only valid Monday through Thursday, but the pitcher wasn't that expensive. The empanadas and fish tacos were to die for. We also got shrimp quesadillas. Service was great! Initially they brought out the wrong type of quesadillas, and gave us the shrimp ones on the house.  The only pitfall of this whole dining experience were the complimentary chips and salsa... They were a bit mehEverything is amazing here as always the mole is out of control you can taste the cinnamon the toasted sesame seeds and the chocolate coming thru!Had a great time at this BYOB near Northern Liberties. It's just a little bit out of the way, so though I really enjoyed it many years ago when it first opened, I had not been until I saw a Living Social deal for a gift certificate and decided to try it again. 
Am glad I did! The sauces are well made and use a variety of great chiles for this-is-definitely-not-from-a-jar-like-other-"mexican"-restaurants quality. I ended up having the empanaditas and a great cactus salad and was really impressed with the range of flavors. They have a wide ranging menu and several great sounding specials. 
We also lucked out because the people next to us had thoughtfully brought more tequila than they needed and let us have a few glasses of the BYOT margaritas. The mixes were fresh and flavorful and they will mix the tequila in for you. 
Our only complaint was because it was so small, every margarita order meant we had to be very near a loud blender, but that's a small price to pay for excellent food, friendly service, and a lovely little restaurant.So I love spicy food.  At most places,  I load on the hot sauce.  So I assumed when I got the arroz con pollo with chicken, rice, and mexican sauage (which was delicious) that it wouldn't be spicy enough.  I so stupidly didn't even taste it and asked for some hot sauce, which they brought me in a dish.  It looked like Franks Red Hot, so I dumped it on.  Big mistake.  The hot sauce was SO SPICY (which unbeknownst to me, they charged me $1 for).  It was so hot that I downed 5 glasses of water, had tears in my eyes, and couldn't finish the rest of my meal.  On the plus side, I was stuffed from water and hence, didn't overeat!
The service here is really fantastic.  The server was so friendly and kept our water glasses filled.  We had a groupon ($15 for $30) and although it didn't say it on the groupon, the server told us that it came with a free dessert!  We got the crepes with bananas, caramel, and fresh berries which was tasty.   You also get free chips and tomatillo sauce, which was great.  The place is BYO, takes credit cards, and they offer different margarita mixes w/ your booze.  They have a private room upstairs which is great to reserve for large groups.Went here with 4 other people for our friend's birthday and it was great!! Our waitress was very friendly and the food was incredible (I got the carnitas tacos). Definitely bring your own tequila and get a pitcher of Mango margaritas- awesome! I'll definitely be coming back here.My experience here was all around very positive. My waitress was extremely attentive and helpful, from explaining many menu items individually and catering to our table as if we were the only ones there. 
I ordered the nachos and Mexican corn as my appetizers. The nachos came in huge portions and very stuffed with cheese, jalapeños etc. So delicious! The Mexican corn was very flavorful and not too spicy, which I really appreciated.
The table came with complimentary chips and salsa which was very light and appropriate before starting the meal. A nice touch. Chips could've been more salty but overall everything was still fine as the salsa gave good flavor.
I ordered the enchiladas which were a bit too bean-y for my taste. 
Great service and nice, clean atmosphere. Food is terrific. I would definitely recommend!One of the best place to eat in the city and region. The service is great, the food is sooooo good and the decor is wonderful. I have been here a few times but this time they had live music witch added to the experience.
A Place you must go to. On the trendy Girard Ave.This is my longest review because the service was pretty terrible so I have a lot to say. 
My boyfriend and I had bought a Groupon for this place in efforts to try something new for our anniversary dinner. This place is cute, small and intimate. We were greeted by a women in a T-shirt which I thought was odd because she was dressed if she was working in a pizza shop and not a restaurant. She sat us down at the table and went over to the computer and tinkered around with it. We assumed she was just the hostess and not the waitress. As we waited for someone to take our drink order, It was enough time that we  read the entire menu thoroughly twice. When we figured out what we wanted the women in the T-shirt was still at the computer  and no one took our drink order yet.  My boyfriend then got up and asked if she was the waitress and she nodded her head yes, so he told her we are ready to order when she was. She then took another several minutes before walking over  with some chips. 
We both have a gluten allergy and my boyfriend has a vegetable oil allergy. We asked the waitress if the chips were cooked on vegetable oil and explained my boyfriend was allergic. She said she didn't know and just stared at us. My boyfriend then politely asked if she could go check. She informed us are cooked in vegetable oil so of course he didn't eat them. We ordered a chicken fajita and a chicken quesadilla. The menu said have a choice of corn or flour for both items and we asked for corn. Our waitress was very confused as to why I was specifying corn tortillas because she said "we only have corn tortillas not the flour ones" I wasn't going to argue because I wanted corn. (At this point she still didn't take out drink order) She placed the order and returned and tell us everything is cooked in vegetable oil... So I asked her if we should leave or do you have any other substitute for vegetable oil and of course she said "I don't know" and stared at us. Again, my boyfriend had to asked her to go check for us. At this point I imagine the owner or manager got involved. He said he would cook everything in Olive Oil, and let me tell you the food was delicious! We were pleasantly surprised after the huge headache of being there. After the food came out we still had nothing to drink so we asked the manager if we could get some water and we ate. I can't say enough about how good that Mexican food was!  I got the check and the bill was $30.25 which was perfect because our Groupon was $30 and our card could be charged .25 so we could tip the waitress. (I always tip regardless of the service, some people have bad days) The check came back of wrong, not surprised and she took $25 off our bill so I showed her it's $30 not $25 so I hand her the bill to adjust it and my card to charge me the .25 difference.  She comes back the bill saying it was now $28 and we had no bill after the Groupon. I explained I only had my card and I wanted to tip her even if she did run my card for .25. She stared at us and said "uhhh, I don't know" My boyfriend said hey if you can work it out we will tip you but she said not worry about it. I did feel bad but my boyfriend even said, she made the decision on not taking a tip.
Pros- Great environment 
             Great food 
             BYOB 
             Accommodating to food allergies if you asked someone other then the waitress 
Cons - THE SERVICE. It was enough to not go back unless the manager agreed to let me take own order and personally give it took the cooks. Also help ourselves to some water...because the waitress won't. It's a shame because the food has been amongst the best. It could have been our new favorite place.Great little place! Ordered the pastor tacos and the chicken empanadas. I loved the tacos and the fact that they put pineapples in the taco, which really enhanced the flavor of the pastor. I thought the empanadas were okay, I probably wouldn't get them again. The service was good and you do have to find street parkingI've been trying to get my wife to eat Mexican for years now and she insists that she doesn't like it and it's "too spicy".  Well, Las Cazuelas has has converted her.
We sat outside on a breezy evening.  We were promptly greeted and our wine (BYOB) was iced down.  The server gave us the specials and was very attentive.
They serve extra crispy chips w/  salsa verde w/ just the right amount of spice.   We got 4 appetizers and could not even finish!!  Seriously, the Queso Fundido may have been one of the best things I've tasted.  A buttery ball of Mexican cheese w. mushrooms inplanted throughout.  We ate it like a pasta, twirling it around a fork.  Overly simple, but so right.  Quesdillas w/ chicken served w/ pico de gallo were perfection, beef tacos served w/ lime & salsa verde were delicious.  Tres Marias were the low point of the meal.  Corn patties w/ black beans topped w/ chipotle chicken and ground beef were a bit bland and soggy, but I ate the shit out of the toppings.
We ended the meal w/ a Tres Leches that was extra moist and not too sweet, one of my favorite desserts in any food genre.
To top it off, we had a $30 Living Social voucher, 4 apps and dessert came to $11 before tip.  There is no reason NOT TO GO HERE PEOPLE.
I'd say 4.5 stars.Yummy fine dining mexian food. Portions are good, although plates could be $1-$2 cheaper and I would be a regular. The service is excellent, friendly, and they go above and beyond.Great Mexican BYOB but not the best neighborhood. Very small so make sure you make reservations. Try the ceviche appetizer!!Made a reservation last week for a party of 30, we were accommodated on the second floor which was nice and roomy. We even had our own bar and the best part that its BYOTEQUILA. The food was fresh and delicious, the staff was friendly and very welcoming. We had some vegetarians in our party and we're very accommodating to their needs. Love you Las Cazuelas. We will definitely book another party there soon.One of the best restaurants in Philly. They make all tortillas and chips on premises.  Lots of amazing dishes! Almost everything on the menu is gluten free. Friendly service and amazing food. Love this place!Had a wonderful dinner tonight. This was our first time here. Our server was excellent and went out of her way to make sure we were satisfied. She had the kitchen prepared meals that were not on the menu. All the ingredients were fresh and delicious. It was the Saturday before Christmas but we were re not rushed. The only reason I didn't not give it five stars is because it's my first time here. We'll see what happens in the future, I'm sure I'll make an adjustment.My absolute favorite Mexican restaurant in Philly. It's unpretentious and delicious. Only complaint is the margarita mix they use is ehhh at best, but considering they allow you to BYO, it's not the worst in the world. Salsa and chips are great, appetizers satisfactory, but the strength is in their dinner entrees.I have been here a few times this year and have had a great experience.  Last night...not so much.
Started with the Ricotta Chz Empanadas.  Based on another review that raved about them, I decided to try.  They came out golden and crispy on the exterior.  I broke one open and the smell of MOLD hit me in the face.  I tasted one to make sure my assumption was correct.  I told the waitress and she gave me the excuse that, "that is the way they are supposed to smell and taste b/c the ricotta chz they use is not American."  WTF?  The waitress took the barely touched app away.  I get the bill and they are still on the check.  I called her over to ask to have them removed and she says,"The owner says you ate them".  Now I'm a straight up person...if I ate em, I will pay for it.  She delivers the newly edited check back to me with an attitude.  THAT will affect your tip, chica!!
On the plus side, the CHULETA NORTENA (pork chop) was juicy and flavorful.  Accompanied by the slightly sweet and creamy sweet potato.  The chipotle-tamarind sauce gave the thick cut chop a sweet and slightly spicy accent.  A must have.So, we have been here three times now, and each time I have been SO pleased with our meal.  Finally getting around to writing a review... sorry it is long, but I know I find reviews with specific recommendations helpful, so read on if you would like to hear them!  If not, then here's the short review: GO HERE!
First of all, as a vegetarian, the dishes are rather expensive (more expensive than the meat dishes, which is odd).  However, they are DELICIOUS... well-seasoned, nourishing, large portions of goodness.  They range from $14 to $15.50 or so.  There are a lot of non-vegetarian dishes, ranging from $9 or so to maybe $15.  We have not tried any appetizers or tacos.  HOWEVER- between Yelp Deals and Groupon, it is not difficult to find a $15 for $30 or $10 for $20 deal, which more than makes up for the prices.  
First time we went, I got the Mexican Seitan dish (seitan being one of my favorite meat alternatives) and was highly pleased.  My boyfriend had the vegetarian enchiladas, so that we could share each others' meals... it was, perhaps, even better (though both were excellent).  Even the cute little pyramid of rice and little pile of beans were superbly seasoned.  Now, other vegetarians, do be careful- mention you are vegetarian.  The Chile Relleno dish in the vegetarian section was one of the things I was looking at, and when I asked the waitress for vegetarian suggestions, she mentioned that sometimes they put some animal fat in that dish- though she suggested it would be possible to just ask to make sure they would keep it vegetarian.  I really appreciated her honesty and knowledge about the dishes!  The chips and tomatillo salsa (which I normally don't like) were excellent- so fresh and yummy.  I was having a rough day, so we got a dessert to share to cheer me up... the Banana Crepes.  UNBELIEVABLE.  So tasty... we would have gone back just for that.  AND, if you check in on Yelp, you get a free dessert!!!
Second time, we tried brunch, which they have on Saturdays and Sundays till perhaps 3:00.  Our meals (some vegetarian omelet and Heuvos Rancheros for the BF) were quite good- not as good as the dinners/lunches we've had, but still very good- and were all under about $11.  This is a great time to use the $10 for $20 deal... you can get two brunch entrees for about $20.  But don't be like us and expect to use it on a Saturday- the Yelp Deal doesn't work on Fridays and Saturdays!
And now for the time we just got back from- we had our Groupon Now, which was good until 3:00 PM, and we didn't get out until about 2:20, so we were pushing it.  Our waiter offered to ring us up early to make sure we were able to use our Groupon, and was super friendly and gracious about it.  We took advantage of our savings to each get a Cafe de Olla (sweet spiced coffee).  SO GOOD.  When we inevitably come back for a brunch, you bet we will be getting that again.  Be warned, it is quite sweet- but I just loved it.  I got the vegetarian enchiladas again, but the BF got some pork tips with avocado dish, which he said was extremely delicious and satisfying.  We ended up getting our food so quickly that we were done by 3:00 anyway- but we sat around for a bit sipping our delicious coffees and remarking on how happy the meal (which we now have leftovers of) made us!
In short, GO HERE!  We are always nervous when the small space is so empty, and would love to see it getting more business.  They deserve it!We love this place. We typically go in the summer and eat on the street. The food is great AND it is BYOB so bring yout tequila and have them mix an awesome pitcher of margharita's. Our  5 year old daughter LOVES the tilapia on the kids menu. Most days the owner also comes out to make small talk with us and to say hello to our daughters. My husband always gets a kick out of that!  I would like to see a bit more variety with the sides that come with the  fish.  They generally serve it with a white rice and some boring veggie mixture.They also have an upstairs that we have seen people have small parties.Good little gem on Girard Ave if you like Mexican. BYOB. Recommend bringing Tequila and asking them to make you a pitcher of Martguerita. Nice quaint interior9/13/12-
Anybody been?
Went last night, and really enjoyed it.  First of all, I'm not a giant fan of Mexican food, or heat, but I found this place to have enough choices that there were quite a few things I would have ordered easily.
Started with the empanadas de tinga, which were stuffed with good shredded chicken, some onions, and just enough heat. I'm sure there's something else in there, check the menu.  Another started was a very good salad, served with pineapple and pear, (I love salads with fruit in them) and a delicious cilantro dressing, the menu said glazed almonds, but they weren't there, and it was still very good.
Entree's were enchiladas de cangrejo y camaron, which was packed with tons of crab and shrimp, and the only complaint my companion had was that they wished the topping sauce was just a little spicier.
I ordered mole poblano, and I have to say, it was very good.  A very good size portion, served with rice and black beans (yech, don't care for those). We both couldn't finish our entree's because they were so generous, and we wanted to save room for dessert.  Flan....wonderful, but honestly, if you go there for no other reason, go for the banana crepes.  The crepe was so light, almost see through, and it was a very good finish to the meal.  I think the next time we go, we'll just order a bunch of the appetizers, and sample more.
No entree is over $20, with most in the $16/17 range.  Plus we had a groupon.
I liked it and thought the food and service was fine.  Such a nice little neighborhood treasure, I just thought I would share with anyone who hasn't been.
http://www.lascazuelas.net/Menus/Dinner.htmlLove this place! Second time here, but first time for brunch. WHAT A DEAL! Spent $16 on food for 2 people and HAD LEFTOVERS. Love the BYOT and got a pitcher of margaritas. I know dinner is a bit pricier but this is the perfect place for brunch with a bunch of friends looking for great food on a budget.Great mole!  We ordered the mole negro and a HUGE appetizer plate.  Both were delicious.  The mole was thick and flavorful and pretty close to some of the Oaxacan restaurants in LA that I miss so much.  I was so happy to find authentic Mexican food in Philly that tastes good.  Horchata was not on the menu, but something made me ask.  After all they had other aguas frescas.  Our waiter said, "let me check."  He came back with two horchatas for my friend and me.  Wahoo!  
Las Cazuelas is a BYOB, so stop off for some Negra Modelo or tequila before you get there.  But do visit.  It's not cheap Mexican food, but it is delicious.  The atmosphere is nice (it could even be a nice date spot), and the staff are great.
UPDATE: horchata is still not on the menu, but it's there if you ask for it.  The mole poblano was good, as were the shrimp and beef dishes we ordered.The service was polite,  the food came in a great portion and very delucious. Our waitress was wonderful. One of my go to placesWent here with a large group yesterday. Our service was amazing and so are the nachos!!Made a reservation last week for a party of 30, we were accommodated on the second floor which was nice and roomy. We even had our own bar and the best part that its BYOTEQUILA. The food was fresh and delicious, the staff was friendly and very welcoming. We had some vegetarians in our party and we're very accommodating to their needs. Love you Las Cazuelas. We will definitely book another party there soon.I ate here with a friend a few weeks back. Quick and friendly service, I really liked the environment. We ordered and split an appetizer and an entree, decently priced, but worth it. Also, the establishment is BYOB.Changed their menu since I was there last, and regrettably did away with my favorite menu item... The puntas. I had the parillada tonight which is essentially fajitas without the tortillas, which was strange. Needless to say, I ordered a side of tortillas. I liked that they had a veggie option of saitan for an extra $1.50, but also found it strange that the default meat for the dish was beef but if you wanted chicken it was an also an extra $1.50! Not that it's necessarily gone downhill over the years, but it has definitely changed... Just not sure yet if it's for the better. Love the BYOB thing though!Went on a Saturday night and was surprised that the restaurant wasn't more crowded. Server was attentive and knowledgeable.  We ordered the chicken quesadillas, chorizo quesadillas and vegetarian enchiladas.  All were excellent!  
It's hard to find a good BYOB Mexican restaurant in the city and this one does not disappoint.  We will definitely be going back to try more things, for sure.  
Make sure you check in with Yelp and you'll receive a free pitcher of margaritas!I love Mexican food and while I don't care too much for Mole there were plenty other items to try which we found delicious and everything was so fresh and made to order.. Such a cute small spot and definitely overlooked.. Try it out with a Groupon deal I cant wait to go back!!We went here on a Sunday evening at 820. They gave us seating outside and informed that their kitchen closes at 9. We were ready to order everything by 825pm. No one came to ask for water or take order. There was one waitress outside service other 4 tables but kept smiling at us and did not stop by. Finally at 845 I called inside and requested to be served. So, finally someone came outside to help us with water and get us wine glasses. So our first experience was not that good. 
The only reason why this place gets 3 stars os because the food was very good and tasty. The place is also byob with no corkage fees. They give free chips n salsa. Salsa was descent too. Although our chips took 45 mins to arrive and came with our apps instead of upfront. For food we ordered their friend banana with beef and chicken with saffrin rice for entrees. Recommend this place for food but be prepared for lowsy service.
Note: Dont forget to try their Deablo sauce. A little goes a long way.....With Mole on my mind we decided to try Las Cazuelas. Believe it or not it's tough to find a Mexican BYOB with Mole dishes on their menu in this city... From the get go I knew service was going to be an issue. The hostess couldn't accommodate us sitting upstairs because she claimed she had to fill the first floor first so she squished us into the only remaining table downstairs. For the entire meal I felt like everyone in the restaurant could hear my conversation and I could clearly hear theirs making it a very uncomfortable dining experience. 
After being seated we waited over 15 minutes for someone to come get our drink orders which was completely unacceptable as there were 2 servers and only 20 people in the tiny restaurant. 
Anyways, you now understand that the service was terrible, on to the food! We started with the Chicken Quesadillas and Las Tres Marias which were corn patties topped with pork, chicken, black beans, and chipotle. The apps were yummy but I would pass on the Quesadillas as they were nothing special. For dinner we had the Chicken Mole which was only slightly above average.  The portion was average and it was $17.50 for the entree which was a bit high considering I finished my meal and was still slightly hungry. 
I would return only to try other items and if I happened to be in the neighborhood. There are other mexican restaurants in the city that are much better and as affordable.First went with my hubby about a year ago, due to a LivingSocial deal. During that visit, and every time we've gone back, we've received very good service and an excellent meal. We've been there on quieter dates and also with a group of friends-- it's great for both!
My husband's favorite is the arroz con pollo and mine is anything with their mole sauce. It's not for everyone, but if you like mole it's delicious here.
I believe it's a little pricier than it should be, entrees running a few dollars more than expected. But it's a BYO and they make great margaritas (which I don't ordinarily like, but I do here) if you byo tequila. Plus, you'll find deals on Groupon or LivingSocial pretty often, so snag one when you see it!Love this place! The mole sauce is the best and the service is great.We had an amazing table upstairs by the balcony. Great service and food was SO GOOD! Mole is delicious. Burrito is huge. Hot sauce is VERT HOT!Excellent food. Simple decor. Nice waitress and owner. I highly recommend this placeDefinitely the best mexican food in the city! Although Pico de Gallo on 15th and South is close. It is a BYOB, but a little on thepricey side. The decor is cute, and the service is good. The food is just delicious!!!My friend and I bought a living social deal to this restaurant and found ourselves very pleased! We unfortunately did not bring any drinks with us, so we could not taste the drinks that they would mix for you, but were very happy with the food!
We split the nachos and the shrimp and crab empandas. The nachos came out piled high with guac (I was very pleased that there was no extra charge for this), meat, beans, salsa, and tonssss of cheese. It was clear that the tortilla chips were homemade as they were crunchy, thick, but not too greasy. Everything about the nachos was great and messy, exactly what I wanted!
The crab and shrimp empanadas were also really great! Came with some rice and fall vegetables and the pistachio mole blew me away! Complemented the empanadas perfectly, and the filling was great. It was a creamy filling, so if you're a fan of crab rangoon, this was kind of the mexican version of that.
On top of delicious food, we had excellent service. My water cup was constantly being refilled and the waitress checked on us just enough so that we had everything we need, but not too much that we were annoyed with her. 
Overall a great spot! I'll have to come again with drinks and taste the mixed drinks they have :)A good BYO mexican joint... especially with the deals that are usually available. The food is tasty and the atmosphere is very laidback.My boyfriend and I had a groupon. We didn't have to drive long to find a street parking. This is an adorable little corner location.
My boyfriend has the moles enchiladas and had the eggplant vegetarian dish. The mole enchiladas were a traditional Hispanic dish, and it brought back memories of studying abroad in Costa Rica. The eggplant dish was poorly seasoned with little to know flavor. In addition, it was really hot and ice cold in other places, which was confusing. However, the eggplant was well cooked and not mushy. Also, it had a beautiful presentation!
Why the three stars? This is a small location and my boyfriend and I went at the end of October. We sat next to the door because that was the only spot opened. There was a party in the upstairs room and the wait staff kept opening and closing the door allowing cold air in and the people arriving at the party kept the door open constantly too. I asked for café de olla despite being eight o'clock at night because I was frozen. I told the waiter I was very cold and so was my boyfriend. He said he would try to keep the door open, which didn't happen. My boyfriend got up several times to shut the door. The waiter also forgot the coffee. So, I was annoyed and my boyfriend felt bad. The food was fairly good. But, the atmosphere of the meal took away from it leaving it disappointing.We went for lunch and although it wasn't very busy when we were there the staff was great.  Especially since we had our two kids a 2 yr old and 3month old with us.  We were really wanting some authentic mexican food.  We had just left our home in So Cali and missed being able to get some great food almost anywhere in town.  The food measured up!  We will definitly be back to try more on the menu.  The food did have a twist of class which was nice.  The food was pretty and the price was right.  
It was hard to get parking due to the location on the corner of a main street and a one way.  But it was worth the couple of blocks we walked.  Also, don't bring a stroller.  There isnt any room.  Oh and all the food is super fresh and homemade. YAY!The food here is really great, especially the appetizers. Everything tastes fresh and authentic. The entrees tend to be a little expensive in comparison to the portions. My husband and I usually get 3-4 appetizers and split an entree (generally the arrachera, which is excellent). The tres leches is to die for! I subtracted a star because the service can be spotty, at best. The waitstaff is friendly, however pretty much every time I've eaten here (easily 20 times), they always seem to be in the weeds. This results in things like waiting an inordinately long time to have your order taken, water not getting refilled and then long waits for the check. I really wish they'd get it together in that regard.DISCLAIMER : my wife is a head chef so I'm kind of spoiled on really good food, so I have high expectations.
Wife and I went to LC for an early dinner last Saturday. I had bought the $20 for $10 deal, so when we got there and the waitress offered to make us Margharita's, I was all for driving two blocks and picking up a mid-level bottle! (after we ordered the apps)! 
The Mango Margaritas were very tasty. Out came our empanadas and Mole. I was surprised how small the empanadas were and there were only two (2). My wife and I both come from the food business and we have run restaurants and cafeteria's. We know it costs about 25-35 cents to make the empanadas and mole, and they were charging $7.50 for each dish! The food was Good I must say, but it did not knock our socks off. 
The pulled pork did not have enough Mexican spices in it, it kind of reminded us of bbq pulled pork. The seafood enchiladas were good, but for $18 bucks? They brought me out a side of hot sauce, complimented the food well.
When we got the bill I notices they had charged us $7.00 for the margarita mix, and $1.00 for the small side of hot sauce. I felt like I was being nickel and dimed and the prices were a little steep. I would like to try out other Mexican restaurants in area and then compare them to LC, but for now... only two stars for this one. Despite everything it was a pleasurable experience, i think it helped that we had just come from philly brew co, and drank beer for an few hours beforehand...I won't give five stars only because this was our first time but I could have gone there.  Except for the tortilla soup being a little shy on that authentic flavor (I've had better, but this was good on its own merits),.....the food was very good.  My wife had the house salad with chicken and she enjoyed it much. The dressing was a cilantro mix and was very good.  I had the poblano mole (breast of chicken with mole sauce and side of black refried beans and rice.  That was very authentic, delicious and plenty.  We happened to visit Philly and always seek out Mexican or Latin flavors.  BYOB is huuuuge.  Definitely come back if in the areaCute little restaurant. Very good for Sunday brunch. We avoided the long lines of other NoLibs and Downtown places. I had the Huervos Mexicanos , very tasty. 
Attentive service. Wide menu, authentic Mexican food.I went to Las Cazuelas for the first time last week and the best part about the experience was the tequilla...and we brought that with us.  From start to finish, this place was a disappointment.  The place was completely empty when we arrived and we still had a long waits for service.  This is a BYO so we brought tequilla with us but expected they would make our margaritas.   Instead they brought the maragarita mix to the table and told us to pour the tequilla in our glasses and then add the mix.  Admittedly, this did allow for stronger drinks which were needed by the time our appetizers came out.  All of the food we ordered seemed extremely greasy, especially the queso which basically solidified before it got to our table.  I have been to some really good mexican places in the city but this clearly is not one of them.uhhhhhhhhhhhhMAZING mexican food. the place is not too fancy (quaint is a decently good description that I see other people using), and the service is nothing to write home about (but absolutely no complaints there), but it's definitely the best mexican food that I've had in Philly in my 2+ years here. try it out!
They constantly advertise on Yelp and LivingSocial, and it's usually a $10 for $20 deal, so my meals with my wife usually come out to be a max of $5... pretty awesome.First I want to say that I've downgraded my review after having contacted the email address on the website and waiting a week. No reply, no acknowledgement at all.
Because I was hosting family from out of town two weekends ago, the Tuesday before our family event I reserved a table for 11 people on Saturday night via Yelp. We planned our day around this, knowing we'd need to be in No Libs by 7.
I received a phone call to confirm at 12:30, as well as a text message and an email. Three confirmations. When I called around 3 to add one more person, I was told that it wouldn't be a problem but they appreciated the call. Lo an behold, after the 12 of us piled into Ubers and arrived, laden with a few six-packs and a bottle of tequila, we were told there was no reservation; it must have been lost. We spoke to a woman who identified herself as the manager, and with a shrug and an apology, she turned us away.
I couldn't believe this. First of all, we had planned our day around this and spent money and time on transportation to get to our reservation that had been thrice confirmed. Secondly, I was extremely embarrassed to tell my family that the nice dinner we were looking forward to and that I had planned had been cancelled without our knowing it. Finally, to be turned away without any sort of compensation, a coupon off a future visit, anything to attempt to apologize for the inconvenience, was unacceptable.
I am surprised and disappointed by this. As I mentioned in my previous review, I had always had a great experience at this restaurant. At this point, I have no plans to return and I certainly will never make a reservation for a large group again.So I Get into Philly and it's my Daughters Birthday week and she loves Mexican food. I look for the best places and everyone of them is either booked or just does not have it... Guacamole!!! is very important to my kid... So we are walking around First Friday and I check my yelp app and this place Las Cazuelas Comes up. Decent reviews affordable (what Mexican food should be) and all different types of options. 
What a great surprise, The food was excellent! Thanks for bringing out the Birthday Churro's !
By the time we left around 9 the place was packed. Good choice!Although the service was top notch and the chips and salsa were delicious, the main course was a little underwhelming.  
In fact, on the walk home, I realized that although I haven't grocery shopped in quite awhile, I still could have prepared the same meal at home.  
That was depressing.  
It just seems like they are caught between being a snooty NoLibs restaurant and a neighborhood mexican place.I'd like to start by saying it wasn't bad by any means, but there is certainly much better Mexican food in area. I gave two thumbs up for their homemade chips, as they were delicious!  The salsa was pretty good too. I had the vegetarian enchiladas. It seemed like it was just a tortilla wrapped with sparse veggies. The enchilada sauce just ehh. I wouldn't say I would never go back again, because I'd be up to trying something else on their menu. For right now, I just give it 3 stars.My partner and I live in the 'burbs and were craving authentic Mexican food and were willing to drive.  We found it at Las Cazuelas!  Not only was the food delicious, it was incredibly well priced.  The server was knowledgable about food allergies, spoke to the chef to modify the fish tacos to be gluten free, and checked on us just enough without being overbearing.  The nachos appetizer was as good as it gets -- just the right amount of every ingredient in every bite.  With an order of nachos to share and an order of tacos each, our taste buds and bellies were celebrating.  We cannot wait to return!Food was excellent, no sarcasm! Steak and shrimp tacos were both on point.
However...
Do NOT sit upstairs! Service suffered immensely, we literally had to walk downstairs to get our check after sitting and waiting 15 minutes to get our credit card back. When we walked downstairs, our waiter and two other employees were literally sitting on the stairwell w our receipts in hand, just not coming up to finish our experience.
Oh, and it must be noted that my wife found a sizable piece of saran wrap in her rice. When mentioned, we were comped with a free dessert. A nice gesture, but once again left us with no waiter for 15 minutes while we picked at it even though full. 
Great food, slow service, plastic wrap. The end.Las Cazuelas gives dignity to Mexican food.  The appetizers include the usual suspects, but the entrees really shine.  It's become our go-to restaurant for out of town guests.  Ambiance is warm and cute.  The only consistently mediocre thing is the service.  The servers have always been very sweet and accommodating, but they lack professionalism / experience.
I've visited Las Cazuelas three times, each time with my boyfriend and out of town guests.  Each time, our party was very happy with the food and pleasantly surprised, given preconceptions of Mexican food as well as the neighborhood.  (Neighborhood is fine, but that strip of Girard is not where you're expecting to find great food.)  On the first visit, our guests sniffed at the prices for Mexican food but ended the meal gushing about how good it was and planning to return.  (We've been trained that Mexican dishes over $10 must be overpriced.)
The entrees come to the table beautifully plated.  All eyes at the table light up!  Our favorites include the Chipotle shrimp, and the Chile Relleno.  My sister is a mole aficionado  and loved their mole sauce.  My "difficult" friend ordered the Arroz con Pollo, and loved it.  On my last visit, I ordered the Pork Chop which was so impressively composed on the plate with multiple sauces and so many complementing flavors.  And it passed my test of whether I could just as easily have made the dish at home.  The only mediocre dish we've seen was the beef tips - uninspired.  This isn't five star fancy food, but it is as good as most of the good byob's in Philly.  And it's inexpensive by comparison.  Bring a bottle of Tequila and they'll make you a decent Margarita pitcher for $6.  
Regarding the service, our worst visit was a mid-week visit.  They were out of the ingredients to mix Sangria with our bottle of Red Wine and they didn't have any specials.  The server explained that the chef hadn't been in that day!  We didn't need to hear that.  All three entrees came out lovely and delicious, but there was such an uneasy feeling as we waited, wondering if we shouldn't have come that night.I went for lunch this weekend for the first time. Thought it was a warm, cozy place with decent, friendly service.  Had the chicken with mole poblano, which was well seasoned, really tasty! For dessert, the tres leches was very good. Overall good restaurant, and would definitely go back.This is our favorite Latino (Mexican/Puerto Rican) restaurant in Philly.  It is not in Center City, or one of the City's many restaurant hot spots, but rather at 4th & Girard.  They bill themselves as a Regional Mexican place, but the menu seems to be broader than just Mexico.  They have an open kitchen, so you can see the meal preparations and it is a BYOB - so bring your wine, beer, or as many do, your own tequila and make Margaritas.   The prices are reasonable and the menu is extensive.  The Shrimp Ceviche is great and I love their Camarrones Chipotle (Jumbo shrimp marinated in olive oil and garlic topped with chipotle sauce).  We also ordered a Fiesta Platter, which is just that - a fiesta of many delicious Mexican appetizers (Chicken Empanada, Taco Dorado, Cheese Quesadilla, and more) - they say for 4, but it also makes a fun entre!  The Guacamole Ranchero is delicious and their Cochinita Pibl (braised pork shoulder) melts in your mouth.  Street parking is usually no problem and the vibe is casual and comfortable.  It is a regular of ours and once you go, you'll be back for sure.I first went to the  resturant on ew Yea's Eve in 2005 maybe, we had a blast and the food was just delsh. One standout recomedation was the cervecheshrimp which was te best ve ever had.  Wereturned on severl occasions as a couple and brought other friend there, everyone raved about the food an the vry cool tmosphere.  Well iwoul up having my wedding dinner in the privae room on the secnd floor, again another greatime ws had by all.  If you like Mexican food  ths is the place to go, t's adelight in food, ambiance, and pleasure.  wold tellanyon to go there.Delicious food, I got the Enchiladas Camaron and it was amazing, in a world with Chipotle's & Taco Bell's it's nice to find some great authentic cuisine !this is the place to try seitan the meat alternative that people are talking about. they make some nice dishes and the owner makes excellent buffet on the weekends. try anything with the seitan as he will make anything from scratch and will substitute any dish with it we came here after trying another hot spot called interstate a new one on palmer off girard and again these guys make excellent seitan dishes. don.t foget sketch on girard near palmer for some teriyaki seitan.must be a great seitan location these places as all seem to be getting it..My husband and I went to Las Cazuelas on the recommendation of a co-worker, when we were looking for a good place for a late lunch/early dinner.  So we've only been there once, but we're definately going back.  The servers were very friendly, and we were seated in a cozy spot.  We both ordered some sort of seafood enchilada with some julienned veggies; it was all simple, but very flavorful, spiced and seasoned just right, and just all-around delish. Then I got a tres-leche cake with some Abuelita hot chocolate--so good!  It was really the perfect meal.  Can't wait to go back.We were out for a girls night and decided to try this restaurant. We were a party of 8 and had a good section of the upstairs where we were able to be by ourselves and have a good time. I love that its a byob and the margaritas were delicious. My only complaint was of our waitress she seemed like she was in la la land. Very ditsy had to ask multiple times for service. Food was delicious and made up for it.It was time to try Las Cazuelas. I came for dinner on a Friday the weather was great so I went for the outdoor seating. Our waiter whom I think his name was Pablo was GREAT. He was super attentive, informative and really friendly. I start with an order of guacamole and chips and a pitcher of classic margarita mix. The guacamole was delicious the chips were overcooked and very hard. The margarita mix was great and it was free!!  
I order the cochinita pibil and my bf ordered the mole poblano. My dish was not what I expected for $15.00. The pork had lots of fat. The flavor was light it could have used a little more. My entrée came with rice, black refried beans and fried plantains.  The rice was plain and there wasn't much flavor and so for the beans. I think I have had better rice and beans at a tacqueria. I wasn't able to eat my plantain because after one bite I realized it was under cooked. No bueno! My bf's dish was highly disappointing as well. He dish consisted of a small piece of chicken breast over mole sauce with a side of their bland rice and bean.  I'm pretty confident I could have made theses entrees myself at home and better tasting. Overall each entrée we ordered was a disappointment especially for the price. I enjoyed the guac and the margarita mix but sadly I will not be returning.  This establishment is truly not a 4 star, it's more like 3.I have been going to this place for  more than 10 years and it's awesome!  If you love real Mexican food, you'll love this place.  Great mole. Very cute atmosphere. Surrounding neighborhood a little sketch. BYOT-bring your own tequila & they've got the mixThe food and the atmosphere here is great but not good enough for the poor service.  Be prepared to be here for awhile if you are coming to eat.  The waitress did not ask for a drink order and every time we needed something we had to track her down.  
I am not a fan of a traditional Mexican restaurant where there is not hot sauce or salsa on the table, you have to ask for it and they charge you a $1.I went here for dinner with a Groupon and, to be honest, I was pleasantly surprised. The place is quaint and clean. The waitress was jovial as she greeted us and lead us to our table. She took the time to go over menu options and any questions we had. Now to the good part. The food! We ordered the shrimp ceviche, the sampler and the 'el tejano' burrito. The food came well plated and was delicious! Word of caution; if ordering when hungry, the sampler is enough of a meal for two, don't get a burrito too. By the time the burrito came, I was stuffed from the sampler and ceviche. I did take a bite of the burrito ( it was also lunch the next day) and it was quite delicious! I'd definitely go to this little gem again!Through the end of the week, Las Cazuelas is offering up any item from their menu for $7 between 11am-3pm. That's a pretty sweet deal. Dan and I stopped in here on a lunch break from work. We picked up a few beers from the Foodery and stopped by.
The spot is tiny, but nice. there are about ten tables across the dining area with a small, open kitchen. The walls are brightly painted, and there are several other endearing decorations. I don't usually go crazy over atmosphere, and one shouldn't expect anything from a place on 5th and Girard, but the decor is well done.
I don't want to make a blanket statement about the service but here are two of my observation's: Las Cazuelas and the Abbaye share some staff, to my chagrin. Second, my first choice on the menu wasn't available (the last two were served moments before). I'm not a restaurant manager, but running out of a dish before lunch (let alone dinner) is finished seems to be problematic. One plus are the free chips and salsa verde as soon as you sit down.
The food came out quickly. I ended up with a dish with rice and pan-seared shrimp, along with caramelized mixed veggies. Everything was acceptable, but I can't rave about anything. The portions could have been a bit bigger. Dan went with marinated beef tips, with refried beans and avocado. He said that the meat wasn't the best cut, and it marinade could have been improved upon. Neither of us could remark about anything other that the fact that we were getting a "good deal for the money."
For our drinks, we picked up Rouge's Chili Ale, which had a great pepper taste that didn't overpower. It was a great way to start our meal. We had the Hot Rock lager from Port Brewing to finish, which was a solid, but not outstanding, lager.
Bottom Line: I'd prefer not to bash a place that is offering such a great deal. I like the initiative to get in new customers. But with a plethora of good Mexican spots, one of my favorites only a few blocks a way, I can't see myself ever going back here.My favorite Mexican in the city.  Been coming here for years now, and while I admit the food quality has gone downhill, it's pretty much gone from six stars to five stars.
The BYOT (bring your own tequilla) is a blast and an added bonus!was here for a work christmas party in December.  i'm not a big mexican food fan so i was extremely surprised just how much i enjoyed all the food we had that night...and it was plentiful!!!!!!  everything was flavorful and i left at the end of the night so stuffed i couldn't breath.  this is one mexican restaurant that i would definitely return to. staff was also very nice.(Hard to be a strict vegetarian here, but) I love love love the ambiance, the awesome live music on Friday nights, the salads, and the most amazing Tres Leches Cake around!I love this place especially because I can use groupon when ever they have a sale on groupon I look to see if it valid here!! & they are byob on top of the wine and sport being down block!!I love to try new restaurants, and when I saw the reviews for Las Cazuelas on yelp I had to check it out... well that, aannd I was craving Mexican food . 
After seeing that Las Cazuelas is a BYOB spot, around 7:30 PM on a Thursday my boyfriend and I drove to the liquor store for some tequila (patron to be specific), which were about $6 each for the mini bottles (I bought 2, should have bought 4 ). Anyway,  we got to the restaurant around 8 PM and there were about 4 groups already seated, half inside half outside. It was a bit awkward walking in because no one was there to immediately greet us, but as soon as we saw thee ONLY server at the time named Josie, she let us know she would be with us. 
My bf and I chose to sit outside because it was a nice day in May hehe, and luckily we got there in time because more people started arriving after us. Oh btw, Las Cazuelas closes at 10 PM on Thursday. We were seated outside by Josie who was a great waitress; she spoke loud and clear, described the meals in detail and was very attentive. My bf and I started our meal off with a free pitcher of Pomegranate/Mango  Marguerita (bf's choice to mix, I just wanted classic ). Also the free pitcher coupon was received from yelp, Thank you yelp . So we then got the sampler appetizer for starters. I asked Josie what the most popular chicken meal was and she stated that it was the Arroz Con Pollo,  I got that and my bf got Nachos for the main course. 
By the time our main course came out, my bf and I were so full from the Marguerita, sampler, and chips and dip, we asked for two boxes to go and the bill. But from what I did eat... the Arroz Con Pollo was really good, the added sliced avocados on top really made it delightful and the black beans that came along with the meal were the best part in my opinion. My grandmother makes Arroz Con Pollo, so I can't lie, I did compare theirs to hers, but my grandmother is from Central America so of-course the taste is going to be slightly different. Nothing beats grandmas cooking though. I also tried my boyfriends Nachos... they were good as well, definitely authentic ingredients, I would say Las Cazuelas also makes their own chips because the taste and crunch is different then most, but I am not sure about that. 
All in All, I give Las Cazuelas 4 stars for their customer service first (Josie was awesome), and their meals second (Loved those beans). I would definitely return to try more!!