I was really looking forward to trying out Birra tonight since I heard such great things about their craft pizza. Unfortunately, my dining experience wasn't what I expected... Nonetheless though, the food was truly good.
Pros:
-- Amazing choices of funky pizzas. My friend and I order the Truffle White Pie pizza -- absolutely phenomenal! They place a sunny side up egg in the middle of the pie and it was heavenly... I want an egg on all my pizzas now
-- Versatile beer selection
-- Friendly staff
Cons:
-- I felt more as though I was at a sports bar than at a restaurant... The bar itself takes up what seems like half the first floor. The group of people sitting at the bar behind me were extremely loud and using an excessive amount of profanity in their conversation. One of the drinking patrons was just standing in the foot traffic area right behind me, which caused people to push up against me when walking behind my seat. At one point, I felt one of the waitresses' drink trays right on top of my head!
-- Noise level gets really loud and it becomes a bit hard to hear people sitting across the table
-- Sweet & Spicy Calamari was lacking in expectations... I doubt I would order it again
I definitely would come back again in the future to try it out when it's less crowded!Had the best meal here for a friends birthday. The food was AMAZING. The pizzas are delicious and one of a kind and the staff was great and made our time there enjoyable. Will definitely be going back and will be dreaming about the truffle Mac and cheese and he mortadella pizza forever.Great Beer list, as promised. Salad was solid, and pizza delicious for small, personal pies. But the BEST part is that there is weekday happy hour where you can get one of those little pizzas for $3 and a beer for $2. Can't really beat that with a stick.Some of the best pizza in Philly by my standards: hand stretched crust that's crispy outside and soft inside, plenty of cheese, quality toppings. Nice indoor & outdoor dining spaces, quick & friendly service, excellent craft draft & bottle lists, solid wine list & some cocktails. Both traditional and unique pizzas. The spinach & artichoke and the pear & Gruyere are both AMAZING. The beet salad was too sweet for my taste.I love that this place has happy hour until 7:00pm and they have great happy hour specials: $4 pizzas, $5 sangria/ magarita and beers! 
The food was delicious, wait staff was great, and the atmosphere/ location of the restaurant 
Order the honey pot/jar!! It is ricotta and honey with pistachios sprinkled on top and bread sticks to dip into all that deliciousness.... Love at first bite!
Up next were 3 pizzas: red sauce and mushroom, white pizza with truffle oil, and red wine sauce stuffed crust pizza with meatballs. 
The mushroom pizza was my favorite with truffle oil white pizza following closely behind. I didn't like the stuffed crust pizza at all. I don't know if it was the sauce or everything together but one bite of that was enough for me. 
It's not the best pizza but it's not the worst either. It's good enough for me to come back again and again though. I'd recommend eating the pizza while it's hot. Otherwise it'll become hard. With 7 people sharing 3 pies, each having 3 slices, we were stuffed!! There was about 4 slices left. 
Drinks were small and not that strong.Birra has a great happy hour deal with a beer and a pizza for only $5. The service was very friendly, and my waitress was quite knowledgable about beer. I sat outside since the weather was great, but I wouldn't recommend it. The table I chose was right next to the Septa bus 29 stop, and every few minutes, a smelly bus drove by while loud people continued to congregate at the street corner. Once rush hour ended, dinner resumed to normal, but next time, I'll remember to get a table indoors. I can't wait to try this place again.Food is good, service is abysmal.  Mussels used to be great, now they are flavorless.  Pizza is still good.  I truly felt like I was disturbing the bartender by asking for anything.  The pounding gangsta rap was offensive.This place is great but I really just want to write this review for their AMAZING seared artichokes. Hands down, best artichoke I have ever had. I crave them every other day. Fresh chokes, seared on the grill with a delicious lemon garlic aioli. I can't rave enough. SO GOOD!!!! You get 2 whole artichokes, sliced in half (4 pieces). It is enough for a full meal. Please never take them off the menu!I really enjoy Birra. The food is great and it's consistent. The Happy Hour is one of the best around with $5 pizzas and discounted wine and drafts. My only complaint about this place is WHAT IS UP WITH THE BARTENDER??? I took notice to the bartender with ZERO personality back in probably September. He was a new face behind the bar once LaScala took over. Not for nothing, BUT this is your job and you can at least PRETEND to like what you're doing.  This guy never greets you. He throws down the menus and walks away without even asking you if you want to order a drink. You'd think he'd be trying to push the $6 happy hour drinks, instead I had to ask for one every time I ordered or flag him down because his back is always turned away from you. Aside from that this guy ALWAYS DISAPPEARS! Where does he go..? Probably on his 3rd smoke break, who knows?! 
All the other servers and the hostess are all super sweet and totally attentive as you should be working in a busy restaurant. As I was about to pay my check Mr. Bartender Man is again nowhere to be found so I asked another server within my view if I could have my check. I was told I could have it when he came back. When is that??! Where did he go..?? Bartender came back after about 7 minutes and continues to talk to other staff on the other side of the bar. HELLO. Can I have my check? He jumps back behind the bar and never comes near my side of the bar. I literally have the credit card out on the bar in plain view to *hint*hint* I'm ready to pay.
Perhaps this guy really isn't cut out for this industry. Birra, please...You're delicious and I want to come back but when I see this guy behind the bar from the window I'm going to make it a point to avoid coming in.Nice beer list and specialty cocktails. Food mediocre and miss. Service friendly but timing off; 3 entrees delivered separately to party of 3 but over a 15+ min. span. After 10 min. wait for the last one we asked our server and informed they come out when they're done! Almost impossible to have a conversation without shouting. Would not be a place I'd revisit.I used to go here at least 3 times a week when I lived in philly.   
Just went one last time before I move,  the food is still awesome and service is tops.
Plenty of great beers,  amazing pizzas, even the salad is something to brag about.   
The only thing I'm sad about is that I can guarantee there isn't any restaurant of this caliber where I'm moving to.We have taken our family here numerous times - and so far the food has been great, the beer selection awesome and the service excellent ! They worked with us for diet preferences and choices for vegetarians - and the kids and the meat eaters were extra happy.My girlfriend and I have been to Birra many times and have always been satisfied. They always have an amazing draft list and the pizzas are Amazing! Our favorite ones are Pear and Gruyere and also the Three little pigs. We always have great service and just one pizza is enough for us to feel full.Went in on an empty Sunday afternoon and ordered the Pear & Gruyere, Three Little Pigs, Cubano Italiano, and Shortrib Ravioli. 
Do not order the ravioli. It was either extremely undercooked or extremely overcooked. The pasta shell was so hard that it took vigorous sawing with a steak knife. I'm really upset that my father didn't say anything and just gnawed away in silence over lunch. The only way I know is because I asked for the last bite and was horrified at the quality. I've never had pasta so difficult to eat before. 
The sandwich and pizza were good, the red pizza in particular was very well spiced. But knowing that one dish was completely inedible ruined my night and made me feel terrible about the meal since I was the one who suggested Birra to everyone.i freaking love the food here !! great beer selection as well. the bartenders are friendly and i've always been impressed coming hereIts a stylish gastro pizza pub ala Stella, their white pizzas has creme fraiche (giggle) and they offer truffle oil among their many toppings (eye roll).  I guess the pizza is NY style, small and crisp. The dining room is cramped and the chair legs and bar stools flare out which means getting around or dining is tight and jostly.  We saw many well behaved babies last night and it was pretty loud in there, poor servers have to practically yell. I did not see TVs, but I hear there are 3.
Their beer selection is good/great and a dining companion who'd been to Italy liked their selection of Italian beers. A recent write up said their "scampi shrimp" was the "best shrimp EVER." I found them overcooked, greasy and steep at $18. I would not get them again, I would not recommend them and on return visits i will avoid all the small plates, except maybe salad.
Pizzas comes in one size and start at $6, toppings extra. Family style small plates also available. Based on our experience I view this place a cramped and stylish a small step up from the perfectly good pizza and beer across the street. Amazing, that a new place can make any other place on P'shunk seem open and airy.
Lastly, the menus has punctuation issues where a "-" is used both to connect 2 ideas "oompaloompa pizza - red pizza with orange meatballs" and as comma in the list of toppings "basil - garlic" Does that mean they have basil AND also garlic or that basil/garlic mixed together is one topping? Style over substance.Great neighborhood pizza joint with some flare! Newly opened second floor dining as well. 
Plenty of options for your epicurean taste buds. Two personal favorite are the beet salad and Mediterranean orzo (with grilled chicken). 
Great staff, energetic and friendly! 
Not sure if the bread pudding is seasonal (and I'm not even a huge bread pudding fan) - but Birra's is ah-mazing!My roommates and I wanted to try a bar out that we hadn't been to yet, and Birra was on my list. When we got there around 7:30 it wasn't that busy, a few tables and people at the bar. The amazing pizza smell was so overwhelming I was immediately starving (when you walk in the pizza oven is about 15 ft. from the door). We started by splitting the mussels app. Justine (who was awesome and answered all of our questions for us), brought out this huge bowl filled with mussels in a thin spicy red sauce. They were amazing. 
Then we split and gahhlic pizza. The garlic made the whole pizza surprisingly sweet but it balanced with the red sauce and cheese very well. The thin crust was perfect too. Although I wish we had gone a little crazy and gotten one with more and different toppings- next time. 
By the time our pizza came out our 3rd roommate joined us from getting her hair done and ordered the gnocchi vodka. MMM! So delicious and gnocchi's are one of my favs! 
The three of us split 2 desserts- pumpkin flan and the bread pudding. The pumpkin flan was alright, it was very similar to pumpkin pie, without the crust. I was hoping for more of a flan consistency. But it was seriously delicious regardless of the consistency. The bread pudding was warm and melty and covered in caramel and whisky. YUM
I really liked it here, the service was perfect, the smells were delicious and the lighting was good. By the time we were done the bar was way more full. I didn't mention our drinks but if I can remember correctly, I had the Allagash Triple which was alright with the mussels, then I had the Mad Elf on tap- I love this beer, it was very rich and had a cinnamon and spice to it. I finished with the Lionshead can because it was cheap and good!Bartender makes a great margarita... best cheesesteak egg rolls ever. Spinach artichoke pizza on point.. Heinz ketchup. If plus thank you we will be back!i stopped in here randomly after a long day of mummers spectating with some friends. there was not a seat to be had at the bar, but there was no problem getting a table for six of us. surprisingly enough, no yuengling - but i'm not complaining. peroni was on tap so i was happy. they had a few craft beers as well. i got a caesar salad, which was pretty much what you'd expect. could have used more flavor but the crispy parmesan garnish was tasty. i also got the fontina fonduta, which was awesome. it was served with essentially a sliced pizza without any toppings. cheese is always good, especially when melty. i tried the 3 little pigs pizza too, which was also great. i'd definitely go back.I went here to get a pizza. I ordered a pizza. I left feeling like I didn't have 'pizza'.
The Pizza at Birra:
Swanky,
Thin crust,
Packed with fresh flavor, 
Light, 
Delicious, 
Moderately priced.The mussels are great and they have a decent beer list. Share a pizza and some mussels you've got a good meal! The staff is friendly and knows the menu as well. Happy hour specials are pretty decent as well.Went to Birra for the second time last night. Great food, service, and atmosphere. Pizza is very good and I really enjoy their salad options.Went with a friend on a Tuesday night and sat at the outdoor seating, which was great. They have excellent happy hour pizzas- 3 of their full-size plain pizzas are $3 each. We got the Gaaahlic pizza which was underwhelming. I normally love garlic, but this had a lot of garlic that wasn't quite caramelized enough and the rawness was biting. The Shrimp Papardelle Ala Sardinia was excellent and definitely the best thing we had that evening. The hazelnuts were a nice, unique touch. For dessert we had the bread pudding which was pretty average. Overall I thought the restaurant was good for a quick bite but nothing amazing.A couple of blocks from our house, my fiance and I almost always end up at Birra when we want a quick bite in our neighborhood.  The food is good, if a bit inconsistent and over priced.  We do love the spreads and breads appetizer and the mussels.  And even though there is no shortage of good beer in this neighborhood, it is always nice to find another good list!I would recommend the asparagus appetizer and pizza caponata, both were excellent. 
The service was very slow. We had to flag down our server for requests.
Despite that the food is great, so I recommend take out!What a popping place.....The bar has a nice wide selection of beers.  Solid wine choices.   We started off with the bread and spread which was delicious.  Next we had the cheese and meat board which offered a nice selection of cheese pairing and cured meats.  Then the family style Caesar salad which was solid.  Finally, we had the truffle mushroom pizza which was to die for, a perfectly cooked egg over the pizza had complimented it so well!  
The place is a small but warm/welcoming restaurant. The owner (who was also the host) was awesome and extremely friendly.  Definitely worth the wait and will be coming back for more!We used to love Birra under the old management, but the La Scala crew have turned a friendly neighborhood joint into a pretentious and just flat out rude place to TRY and eat. 
I saw a pair of hosts treat an old neighborhood couple like garbage, our service both times under La Scala was again needlessly rude, and just now I spoke to a hostess on the phone who was possibly on the spectrum. 
An unwelcome change to the avenue indeed!This place is literally my new obsession. We found this place because I was dropping off something at a store a block up. It has AMAZING food. Lovely atmosphere. 
On my first visit, my wife and I had an absolutely LOVELY server named Angelica. She said everything with a smile--she was really warm and welcoming. It was like being at home. 
The food is the best I think I've ever had... The portions are shareable size. We had the soup special (beef barley with a horseradish cream sauce on top---I was dreaming about it the next day so I tried making my own, but it didn't come close!), a nice cheese board, and the buffalo chicken pizza. The pizza is thin crust and has perfect flavor. Not too salty. The buffalo chicken is VERY spicy though, be warned! It is a bit tight inside, but well worth it. It also has a great beer selection! 
Our second visit we brought my in-laws and aunt in-law. We had to wait a few minutes for a table (on a Wednesday) as they don't take reservations but it wasn't too bad. The waitress and hostess this time weren't too friendly this time, but Angelica was there and was still just as friendly (as was the bartender). We had sweet and spicy calamari, a house salad, the cheese board, a margarita pizza, and the gabagool pizza (it was amazing). 
Amazing, amazing!! Just go eat there! Stop wasting your time. Eat all the pizza.Nice servers. Good mussels, very nice ceasar salad, AND 2 PIZZA PIES THAT WERE SALTY TO THE POINT OF BURNING. 
Whew. 
I like salt, I really do, we have at least 5 different kinds of salt in our kitchen right now(maybe more hiding in the cabinet above the range hood, the one that's hard to see the back of), but this was too much salt. We expressed our need for additional hydration to our server, she was quick to share our displeasure with the chefs and quick to bring us more water. Which was nice.
The place looks good. But what's with the TVs? Doesn't make a lot of sense to me when a restaurant spends a lot of money on decor and lighting, only to put TVs everywhere hitting everything with their strange blue glow and making it feel like we're at a sports bar.
4 people, $100 for 2 pies, 5 beers, a salad and some mussels. I like spending money, but I didn't like spending $100 here. Probably wont be back. But we did have great desserts and cocktails at Salt & Pepper up the street, but that's another review.Great service, and amazing food!! Their mac & cheese pizza is sooo delicious! I love coming here!My gf and I went here last night after work for a late dinner on a whim.  The ambiance was nice, and it looked busy, but not overcrowded. Once we got inside, however, the place was very noisy (we could hear everyone else's conversation).  This seemed more like a date place  than a quick bite place, and the menu was easily overpriced (but what isn't these days).  My fault, obviously, but whatevs. 
The menu is all small plates/tapas and gourmet pizza.  As a quick aside,  most dishes contain an element of heat to them, and while I like spicy food, my gf (as well as our waitress) do not, so that does limit her options. We had a plain pizza and the short rib ravioli.  The pizza is a decent size, very NY-style very thin crust, and it is light, crispy on the outside, good char, and not dense. The look reminds me of the pizza at Roma's of Tuckahoe, NY. The pizza itself is decent, but not mind-blowing. And the sauce has a slightly sweet tang to it (a bit sweet for my taste), but my gf likes it a lot.  The ravioli dish is more interesting: 3 ravioli covered in sauce with the ricotta on the side, and 3 small pieces of toasted bread. I guess the idea is to make a crostini out of the dish, or to sop up the remaining sauce with the bread (not enough bread for that imo)? Anywho, it is very tasty, meaty, and the tomato sauce tastes like it is the braising liquid for the filling (much better than the pizza sauce). The size of the ravioli is also decent (about the size of a hockey puck). My only two caveats with this dish are that the ravioli are under-stuffed, and at $14 there should be a fourth raviolo on the plate. 
The service is good, and the staff attentive.
All-in-all, overpriced for the size of the plates, but the food is worth a try at least once. I hope you find this helpful.Poor service.  Aggressively priced drinks. Didn't try the food though the pizza looked good.LOVED our second experience at Birra!!!!
We went in a big group of people to celebrate a birthday! Even with a 4 year old and a baby, the staff and service was impeccable. Each kid was given a ball of dough for them to play with while we waited for our pizzas. The man making the pizza was so sweet to my cousin and let her watch him make the pizzas and asked her questions. She loved it and wanted to keep watching him instead of eating dinner. 
For appetizers, we had 2 Cesar salads- one with chicken, one without. The chicken was SO good we all loved it. Then we had the Short Rib Ravioli. Everyone raved. You get 3 big ravioli in an order, a scoop of ricotta cheese and two pieces of crusty bread. My family has not stopped raving about the ravioli. We also had the Fontina Fonduta. OMG. HEAVEN. I was licking the spoon. The cheese is delicious and its served with pieces of soft bread. Each dish just got better and better.
Then we had 6 pizzas. First off the plain Cheese or White Pizzas are the best deals. For 6 dollars you get a nice size pizza. Only $6!!!!!! What a steal. We all loved the white pizza and the plain cheese was for the four year old which she enjoyed. 
The Spaghetti and Meatball was once again a crowd favorite. It was the first one to disappear and everyone loved it. My favorite was the Buffalo Chicken Pizza- seriously one of the best I've had, and I've had a lot. It was the perfect amount of spiciness and had celery on top which gave it a fresh flavor. HIGHLY RECOMMEND.
We also had a Margarita which was good! But compared to the fun pizzas, we preferred the fun ones.
We can't wait to go back and I have been dreaming about the meal ever since.My first visit to Birra last night was certainly a positive experience.  I think it's a great fit for the neighborhood and I think it lives up to the hype and was worth all the delays and tantalizing photos posted over twitter.
We arrived around 8:15 pm and were able to snag two seats at the bar.  My first words were "wow this is a nice space" The bar is colorful, the pizza making area with ovens is open and inviting and the oranges and greens all around made me feel like I was sitting in a cool kitchen/bar hybrid.
One point about the barstools, they look like cheap plastic (a la a Francis Francis espresso machine) but they are sturdy.  They are really fun.
Our ultra cool bartender guided us through the menu and got me a can of the Route 113 Pale Ale. The staff definitely keeps with the Passyunk feel, inked and charming.
We began with the "seasonal" roasted veggie salad and it was very tasty.  Served with 4 wedges of flatbread and tossed with a balsamic vinaigrette.  Smart salad choice because they can keep switching it up.
Our pizza was the alla carbonara and it was delicious.  The crust really stood out to me because it had a thick cracker consistency upon first bite.  It was crispy and perfectly stood up to the pecorino, peas, and pancetta.  The pie was smokey, salty and utterly delicious.
I can definitely see myself spending some more time here.  I think this place would make for a great date spot and I've been known to go on those once in a while.We were waiting to do outside seating at another restaurant so we came in for a drink or two. The beer selection is AMAZING! It's the entire back half of their menu. They arrange it by Wheats, Ciders, Ales, etc so the novice beer drinker like me can make a wise decision. The bartender was incredibly friendly and knowledgeable. The food menu looked incredible. I'll be back for dinner!Been here about three times within the last two years, which is odd since I live a few blocks away. Anyway, mussels are absolutely fantastic. I've had the Gaaahlic pizza and Roasted duck pizza. Small and extremely loud, so you feel like your elbows are rubbing against a stranger's but the mussels is what gets me through the tight and loud restaurant.Great beer. Great service. Good food. The pasta dishes are a surprise and a great value. The mussels are another highlight.  Stay with the safer pizzas (margarita, plain white, gaaahlic and gabagoo) and you can't go wrong. The staff is top notch - informative, on the ball and friendly!Just hanging at my favorite pizza place in all of philly!! Awesome food! I went for the Speck wraped shrimp on bruscceta tonight. My new favorite!! Was freaking delicious!Tasty food awesome drinks great service. Our favourite was Caponata pizza . We enjoyed every dish we ordered.Difficult getting parking so reach atleast 20 mins before expected time just to find parking. Lots of options for vegetarians as well. If a big crowd reservations is better. Bar top sittings are available.Oh man, this place is amazing. We came on a Friday night around 8, and waited just a few minutes for a table outside to enjoy the beautiful evening. The outdoor vibe here is awesome - I love the white lights. On a Friday night, the atmosphere here was great. Everyone was upbeat and lively and our server Sabrina was so cute - she was friendly and efficient. Birra has about a million beers, so beer lovers will definitely enjoy it here. I will say that we were a little confused about what beers were available, as the menu is apparently in flux, but that was no big deal.  We split the Gabagool pizza and it was fantastic - the crust was perfect and the capacollo was delicious and perfectly spicy. We both left full on just that one pizza, so I was glad we didn't over order! I can't wait to try more here - I would gladly come back, as we had a really great experience at Birra. It is definitely an awesome option for laid back but upbeat al fresco dining. One other note: great music playing inside.I'm still furious over my last visit on 12/29. Waited for a table for over 30 minutes. Was told we would be seated shortly and waitress kept thanking us for being so patient. At this point 3 adults walk in with a toddler and were seated immediately. We've been going to Birra since they opened. Shows you what happens when the manager leaves early!My husband and I went to Birra on a late Saturday afternoon. The place was not busy at all and We stood there for almost 5 minutes before someone decided to bring us to a table located at the back of the restaurant near the kitchen.  The waitress took our order of Margharita pizza and my husband had the steak.  My husband entree came out and I had to wait 25 minutes for my pizza.  During the wait the waitress decided to work the bar and then came to the table to bring me the pizza.  I told her I am taking it home.  I just wanted to get the hell out of there.  If you are 60+ years old DO NOT eat here.  The wait staff treats you like trash.  We did not leave a tip. We will NEVER go back!!!Never again! Out with a crew last night for a bunch of reasons. One friend moving to Montana. One moving to Texas. One celebrating 29 year anniversary being in the Army. And me deploying to Afghanistan. So we had eaten at Brigantessa (which was off the hook) and was doing a bar crawl making it rain everywhere we went. The bar for the most part was dead. Everywhere else on the Ave was bumpin'. Should have been a sign. We had ordered a round and we were all engaged in conversations. I ordered some drinks for 3 of us because the others were no where near ready. Went back to our conversation. Rude as all get out, the bartender chick with her big black hipster glasses and an underserved ego, yelled at me. Her exact words were "that's not what I asked you. Are you paying for these? " our mouths hung open like Whaaaaaa???? Even the dude next to us was shocked. Ummmm I don't need to spend money here. So we said "cancel the order". Got our jackets on, got ready to leave. She comes over with the drinks and we explained that we cancelled the order. She then says "you weren't paying anyway" wtf! The worst part? The 1st round our friend tipped $20 on her card that rude girl hadn't seen yet. Friend wanted to cancel her card so she wouldn't get her money. All of us have worked in the biz. Me? I was behind the bar for 18 years. We all tip like maniacs. She had 2 friends at the bar we think she was showing off for. I can tell you, we were bothering no one. Having a good time. She was an asshole. Big mistake. Thanks to all the awesome bartenders and servers at Brigantessa, Cantina, Stogie Joes, Noir, and forgive me for forgetting the last spot. 
Side not... The host? At Birra? had on cute boots and was adorbs. That's it.Delicious food and great service. The meatball app was awesome. All of the pizza's were great. You won't be disappointed with the food. Great beer selection.
The place is loud. Tough to hold a conversation.Pizza was very thin.  Cheese was good. For $10 I can't really complain.  Sausage was good. Cool place with nice hipster vibe.  Good beer choices.I love birra! Stumbled upon this gem for lunch one Sunday and followed up with another lunch visit not even a week later.  I recommend the following: the local mushroom salad is the best salad I have ever had. The braised artichoke is great and if you love truffle you must get the truffle pizza with the fried egg. I forget the name of it but it is the only $21 pizza on the menu. It really was out of this world. I do not recommend the seared octopus.. Blahhhhhhh. I could even finish one piece -it was flavored with some type of middle eastern spice sauce. Doesn't change my star rating however because in my haste, I did not read the description on the menu. Was naturally expecting lemon juice and olive oil. Also had a small 'red' cheese pizza during happy hour that was $3 with the purchase of a drink. Pizza was great and enough to split between two people. Will def becoming back here. I've tried to recreate the local mushroom salad at home twice in the last week - doesn't even compare.Delicious authentic italian cuisine. A bit different than a normal italian dish with some of the dishes ie: zeppoles are not your typical zeppoles they have cannoli cream in the middle which might come off as a disappointment but I still thought they were very tasty. Calzone was served with sauce on top. Some did not like to have the sauce on top they like to dip it on the side little things like that. The rice balls are delicious the ricotta board is out of this world the wings are yummy and just about everything was very good.Went here for the first time a few days ago, and I'm already looking forward to coming back.  It was a Tuesday night, around 8:30, not terrible busy. The seating there is a bit cramped, there aren't that many tables, and the bar takes up a lot of the place.  Food was awesome.  Got the Salumi to start (duck prosciutto, prosciutto di parma and capicola) and settled on the margherita pizza (excellent).  Great beer selection.  Overall great dining experience.  I could see it being a bit too loud for my taste if the place were full, but not unmanageably so.  Can't wait to return and try the other pizzas.Another one for my favorites list! We went to Birra to spend a lazy Sunday afternoon catching up with family and friends. Very nice selection of beers on tap and bottle. I had the Birra's Special panini and just loved it. Fresh mozzarella, prosciutto on a locally made bread. mmmm.
Chelsea was our server and she did a superb job serving our table.Great food. Mussel and jerk pasta was delicious. Great service. Will be going back soon!I went with my parents for lunch today (Saturday), around 1. Ambiance: The small children almost outnumbered the adult humans. A friend of mine gave me a heads up about this, so I was somewhat mentally prepared. While we were eating, children on either side were leaning over/peering at our table. Food: Everything was generally good, however it did feel overpriced. The portion size of the pasta we ordered (ravioli with pork filling) was dainty, but the ravioli was definitely my favorite thing we ordered. The red sauce pizza we got was very salty. The beet salad was great, but not necessarily worth $13. I wouldn't be opposed to going back, but probably not for a while.I figured I'd write an update considering I'm here every week and the service/quality of food is still consistently good.
They are finally going to add an upstairs with extra seating, as the place can get super crowded (especially in the colder months when the outdoor seating won't be there anymore).  Can't wait to see what the upstairs will bring!
After knocking off a few more pizzas off my Birra bucket list, I can say my favorites are still the Roasted Duck pizza with pesto (be forewarned: it's greasy but DAMN good) and the Pear Arugula pizza with prosciutto, which is hands down the best in my opinion- the perfect ratio of cheese, pear, and prosciutto with a nice heap of dressed arugula- it's bitter, sweet, savory, crunchy, and soft all at once- super tasty.
I've realized I'm not crazy about the Americano pizzas, which seem to be everyone's favorites.  Not that they're bad- they're just too heavy and laden with cheese and toppings for my liking.  I do want to try the Southern BBQ one though- that sounds enticing.
Overall, by the end of the meal I still find myself chowing down on the crusts cause it's just that good.  Will definitely continue to be a repeat customer!Best pizza on the Avenue, hands down. Not only that, their happy hour is an amazing value: 3 of their pizzas are on for $5 and 1/2 price drafts! (I think there is a wine and cocktail on there too but don't quote me). We always get fabulous service here. Servers, bartenders, and cooks are all on their a-game here and have always checked in to make sure everyone is satisfied.The place is small. No doubt. But the pizza is great, just get a Margarita, the specialty pizzas are not worth the price and the crust and sauce are so good that Spaghetti and Meatball, Cheeseburger, Porchetta puts it a little over the top with ingredients. Just sauce and cheese and these delicious roasted tomatoes is all you need. 
My husband and I get a Margarita and an order of meatballs, 2 pints of beer. $40. That's a good Friday night.
Also, don't take more than 4 people here, it's not set up for large parties.I've been to Birra quite a few times now with the wife and kids and I must say we had a great experience every time ! The waitress' are all very nice and extremely accommodating. My kid's get very restless in restaurants but not here because they bring out some pizza dough for them to play with.....Brilliant!! Now we(the adults) can enjoy our beer and food in peace! The food and beer selection were very good too!
Great spot....we'll be back!I like being able to sit at the bar to eat, and it's nice when the bartender seems sincere to give his recommendations, rather than the rushed or annoyed responses you get at some places. I loved the beer choices -- the Percolator was fantastic. Went well with our Margherita pizza with its yummy thin crust. I'll be back.Summary: Eh! 
Service: Nice! Friendly and attentive! 
Atmosphere: Kinda dark and Dank - just as you expect for a bar 
Food: Eh. The pizza is just eh. It really isn't anything to write home about. That isn't to say it isn't good, but you can find better speciality pizza in the city for the same cost. I cant quite put my finger on what didn't work out and I'm not sure what it was. I can tell you that the crust was a part of the issue - bland and dry.
With that being said, the salads and appetizers were quite good!Nice selection of beer, great pizza.  The ravioli was also spectacular.  Yes, the prices are high, but for an occasional night out, it's worth it!I had a great impression upon my arrival at Birra; great staff, awesome pizza oven with chefs making your food right in the open, and pretty decent menu.
We got the three little pigs pizza, which has pancetta, porchetta, and all the goods I'd love on a pizza. I was extremely excited to hear that they house make they meats themselves. However, the pizza was just okay--nothing too amazing. In fact, I think it was a bit overcooked.
I was informed by the waitress about the truffle pizza, with an egg on top--which just happens to be one of my favorite pizzas EVER. So I knew I HAD to go back for it.
The truffle pizza made me go back to Birra, and unfortunately it will probably be the reason I wouldn't go back to Birra. There was an uncomfortable amount of oil on top of the pizza that was literally dripping off each slice, the truffle flavor was very minimum, and the egg was surprisingly a fried egg dropped on the pizza (I had the impression that the egg would have been cooked on the pizza, while in the oven).
I had much higher expectations and they were definitely not met.
Having touched on the negative aspects of Birra, I can't forget the wonderful service that we received every time; the staff has been consistently nice and make us feel really welcomed.This pizzeria is two blocks from my house if you want some good artisan pizza like duck petrified this is the place to go just skip the jerk chicken penne you'll thank me for it.My boyfriend and I come here every Tuesday and we don't plan on changing soon! 
The food is exceptional, margarita pizza, meat and cheese plate, meatballs and the pear and gruyere cheese pizza being our favorite dishes. 
Service here is fun and personal, it's the perfect casual date night.Solid pizza and pasta when I went. I recommend this place but I don't know the other spots in E. Passyunk too well.Amazing draft list! Stopped in after looking at the interesting menu.  Split a pear and Gruyere and mac n cheese pizza and both were really awesome! One pizza is enough for two (three filling slices each) if you can decide on one pizza (you prob cant, they all look good).
I'm a big fan of eating cold pizza as leftovers.  The mac n cheese didn't really hold up well cold, but the pear and Gruyere was bangin'.
Will definitely be back, i hear the grilled cheese panini is the best in town ;)Went here for dinner and LOVED the food! Our waitress was new so there were a few mix ups with food and drinks coming to our table that weren't ours, but other than that the service was wonderful. The manager came over to check on us during the meal which I always appreciate. They also allow kids to knead their own dough (something I was INSANELY jealous of)! I also really liked the music they played during dinner, both the style and volume! I hate when music is so loud that you can't hear yourself think!I've had frequent visits .. reliable neighborhood pizza and beer place. I generally find the pizza good, salads even better, and with a reasonably good draft beer selection. Check out their happy hour - their plain pizzas are only $4, a considerable bargain as they're not just individual size, but should be shared. It's child friendly, and they have outdoor seating which is great. It's not a huge place inside. On our most recent visit, our server, Cara, was outstandingly attentive.Always have a great time here.  Only negative is that it gets crowded.  Amazing menu, great service, and fair prices.Well I was sure I'd be the first to review this place.  It seems that someone even more psychotic than I has gotten to it first.
Now that I'm not the first, I aim to be much less detailed.  It's the first reviewer's fault for this:
--It's really cramped in there, as psychotically anal first reviewer has noted.  Essentially a flaw in the design of the bar in relation to the seating.
--Three little pigs pizza: really quite fine.  Maybe not quite as good as Stella, and I wish there was even more meat on it.  For an $18 12" pizza I expect an orgy of meat.  Boyfriend's carbonara pizza was also very good, even though I hate peas.  He thought it was too salty but I didn't see a problem.
--Beer: excellent, great selection.  Am happily f'ed up on two very strong Great Divide Hercules Double IPAs.
--Service was outstanding, especially considering this was the first night in operation.  The owner-seeming guy walking around was very nice and everything went by smoothly.
--Chairs: VERY UNCOMFORTABLE.  Cheap plastic things that yield too much to weight and put a lot of pressure on your back.  Get rid of them please?
Birra is a welcome addition to the neighborhood and they seem to have an ambitious agenda.  Is it really worthy of five stars?  More visits will have to happen to accurately determine.Love, love, love the pizza here. Have been here a couple times and it is quickly becoming my favorite place on East Passyunk. Have had their specials in the past as well like their ribs and some of their small plates. Have yet to be disappointed here.
Not a lot of seating and it is loud but I highly recommend Birra.Great neighborhood place. Spot on service. Refreshingly  well organized and efficient . We decided one of the best meals we had out since moving to east coast (via L.A.). A few thoughtfully chosen beers on tap.  Birra proves the old adage, if it was this easy.... everybody would be doing it. Well done!I'm really torn on this one between a 3 and a 4. My pizza was excellent, so was my salad, but I couldn't tell you what I ordered. What I do remember, is while we were waiting for our dessert, the owner asked us to move our seats at the bar so that people "that were eating" could sit. I guess waiting for dessert after splitting a salad and each ordering our own pizzas doesn't count? The owner then bought these people a round of drinks. Don't know what happened to them/if they were his buddies, but the fact that I remember that and not what I ordered is going to make my review go down to three. I'd go back, but I wouldn't sit at the bar again.When I first got wind of Birra I was pretty darn excited.  My boyfriend and I have spent one too many nights weighing the pros and cons of SPTR, Lucky 13, POPE, Watkins and Devil's Den. It's not that I don't love them anymore, but the mix is in need of some serious freshening.  So after following the saga of the long-delayed opening and walking by the papered storefront day after day, here we are - opening night.  Had to stop in for a beer and a snack to see if we had a contender on our hands.
Despite a bit of what I'm hoping was opening night chaos, the ambiance was great. The set up features a confusingly meandering bar that despite taking up far too much of the restaurant allows for patrons to watch the pizza-piein' in action.  Seating area is cramped due to the misuse of space, but it could be considered cozy.  We had a prime spot at the corner of the bar with perfect TV/pizza kitchen/people viewing.
Beer list is limited, but okay.  My Founders Centennial was just as good as it always is.  Certainly not for a craft beer enthusiast, as it doesn't come close to competing with local beer bars, which is unfortunate because that's sort of a deal breaker for me.
The menu is centered on their pizzas and is otherwise quite limited, which is also unfortunate because I rarely eat pizza.  We tried their mussels, which were tasty, but the real star of the dish was the AMAZING bread served alongside.  Sorry shellfish - carbs win tonight.
Despite the fact that I doubt I will have a real urge to go here again until the beer list improves/lengthens and/or I get some strange and voracious pizza craving, it's a great addition to the neighborhood - and I recommend that you check it out.  With big honkin' windows overlooking a great corner of Passyunk, if for nothing else it's great for some good old fashioned South Philly people watching.I've always enjoyed the food here. Sometimes the service can be slow during busy nights, but the waitstaff is typically always friendly. 
The only gripe I have is the weird smell that sometimes emanates outside the building. I have no idea if this is the fault of the restaurant, but that building has some weird sewer smell problems. I pass by this corner multiple times a week, and it would be nice if this was remedied. Anyway, just eat inside to avoid the smell! Lots of good beer too!A must restaurant to go. Casual. Ordered the mac n cheese and it was great! The appetizer was really good, the cheese one I forgot the name...it's served with pita bread  and so good!!!! I'll be back again. The pizza looked awesome but I didn't ordered any. I will next time I go. Nice Italian place to eat! And very cool inside. I love it.First off---they were ridiculously nice and accommodating for our group. There was 11 of us, with 4 children. No one ever sighed, rolled eyes, was slowpokey. The Birra staff was beyond AWESOME.
Second--the food!! We got several of the pizzas for the table. The premium cheese for the kids--they loved it! They tore through two of them. For the adults, we had the Putanesca, the Gabagool, Three Little Pigs, and the Pear & Gruyere. 
I loved the salty/fishy/tart of the Putanesca so much, I am trying to figure out how to recreate it for home, now that I am back in Kentucky. It was so good. The Gabagool & Three Little Pigs were also mad delicious. 
The only misstep? The Blood Orange margarita. Through no fault of Birra, I found out the hard way I seem to have an issue with Blood Orange. :( Wompwomp. My husband loved it, though, so it works out!Went for happy hour with two friends, we came into the middle of it and it was still fairly empty. The waitress was happy to explain the beer list and take our sporadic orders. We went with a round of beers, then a $5 margaritas as well as a $4 pizza, and we decided to commit to another pizza in the last 15 minutes of happy hour. 
My friend tried to order a last-minute margarita to go with that pizza while he still had his second drink in front of him and the waitress said that according to the liquor laws, she couldn't give him another drink while he had a full one. I am pretty sure that's just to limit people from queuing up their happy hour specials. 
The pizzas were surprisingly filling and the beer list is replete with IPAs and light wheats. It's half-buried under construction right now but that's not stopping people from sitting on the sidewalk and enjoying a good summer night.I've been here several times and this place consistently serves up great pizza.
Our group started with the calamari- we were big fans of the tangy sauce that comes with it, but beware, I would not share with more than 3 people as the portion is small.
We got the carbonara pie and the Caponata and both were incredible! They were rather complementary choices if you are looking for one white and one red. Their pies have a thinner dough but still substantial and more hearty than a Neapolitan style. 
The braised short rib ravioli was a bit disappointing. The red sauce was heavy and did not taste fresh, and the ricotta was in a pile on the plate which I would have no problem with under other circumstances, but shouldn't it be inside the ravioli?? odd. 
Overall though, I love Birra. All around great atmosphere and a pie that you know you'll enjoy!We had dinner at the bar, bartenders were very inattentive and I found myself having to shout and wave to get their attention.
The food was bad.  Truffle pizza was way burnt on the bottom and the margarita pizza was too salty with hardly any cheese.  The octopus was over seasoned which overpowered the the dish.
Very disappointed.  Will not go back.Had 6 pm reservations for after a movie with two 4 year olds for a party of 8.  Waited almost 45 minutes. So it wasn't a great start. I have to say they made up for it. The food was really good. Manager brought us out mussels, fontina fondue, and a bread and spread plate on the house to start. It was delicious. We ordered a margarita pie and cheeseburger pie. Everything we had couldn't have been better.  The cheese on the margarita pie was so fresh! To top off the meal they sent us out 2 complementary orders of zepolli. My only other complaint is that It is a little tight downstairs. I'd like to sit upstairs next time.  They also gave the kids dough to play with while we waited for the food. It really kept them occupied. Looking forward to going back again!Good beer selection, cool pizza choices and good food in general.  Compared to chain restaurants, this place knocks it out of the park.  But compared to the wealth of amazing food Philly, and South Philly in particular, has to offer, its just about average.  I don't know that there was anything here that would drag me from another neighborhood of the city.  But if I was already in the area I would love to come back again.