So fun! Like Zahavs more casual younger brother. The menu is more streamlined. All of the salads  come out and are portioned per person for $18. Then you choose your meats. My favorites were the fried dill salad and pumpkin chershi. Loved my beet tequila cocktail but they also have 5 mocktails, very considerate.We went to Laser Wolf the week it opened and I was supremely impressed with the service.  For being a brand new restaurant I expected maybe one or two hiccups but no, it was some of the best service I've ever received at a restaurant. Knowledgeable, tentative but not pushy, and genuinely happy to be our server. 
The food was really delicious. Everything was extremely flavorful. Each bite was better than the next. I got the chicken and my husband got one of the lamb entrees. Highly recommend for a fun night out. Can't wait to go back! And the ice cream for dessert was the cherry on top.This is the fifth day of grand opening. We came after 5pm with limited online advance booking available. When we arrived, there were 5 tables seated and even though we made a reservation, we were told by the host to wait, and wait. The waitress was asking her a few times if we can be seated and the host just told her the same, just wait, while most of the tables were empty. Next couple walk in without reservation be seated right away. Then we were offered a table right in front of the host while everyone else was seated further inside. The other waitress and waiter were nice and attentive.  Limited choices on the Grill with a 12 side dishes (including humus) and dessert which come free with the main dish ordered. Otherwise it is $18 per head for the 12 side dishes alone. The grill dish is small quantity of meat, but the humus makes up for it and ensures that your empty stomach is full. The bread however was not as nice as Zahav. The decor is pretty cheap looking but overall I'd give Laser Wolf between a 3 or 4 star in rating. One star subtracted because of the strange host!So good!! The salatims are the best part - loved the majority of them with exception of the bean one and the spicy one. The branzino was really nicely prepared but would rather come back to get meat next time. Very casual atmosphere which I wasn't expecting.. it's nice that it's not overly stuffy. The desert was amazing (it rotates but when we went it was custard with all kinds of amazing toppings to make it salty and sweet)Maybe it just wasn't for me. Having to eat the food as takeout because of Covid didn't help. However, beyond that I didn't see what all the fuss was about. Didn't like the little salads at all, but the pita was very good. Maybe it will be different post-Covid or outdoor dining, but it didn't live up to the hype for me.What an amazing dinner.  The salatim was fantastic, with each offering cooked to perfection.  There was great variety with something for every taste.  We got the chef's tasting menu, and were thrilled.  The skirt steak, lamb, and short ribs were great.  I especially like the grilled cauliflower.  But the real star was the chicken!!  I never order chicken at a restaurant, as I can do it myself at home.  But I certainly cook chicken like this at home.  So moist and flavorful!!  It was definitely the highlight.  And the ice cream was the perfect dessert (and worth a separate trip just for itself!)
A special shout out for the bar - Eric and Patrick were fantastic!!  Great suggestions for drinks, and they were all delicious!  Eric recommended the perfect bottle of wine, and a great digestif after dinner.  They are truly top notch.
Can't wait to go again!Another excellent restaurant in the CookNSolo group! I've been waiting for almost a year for this place to open and was not disappointed. If I could describe this place...it's like Zahav and Dizengoff had a baby.
Menu is super easy to navigate. Essentially you pick a main meat/fish/veggie and it comes with hummus, pita and never-ending salatims. Yes, like Olive Garden never ending breadsticks but with the best Israeli salads they'll keep refilling. All of the salatims are delicious and it's so hard to pick a favorite. It's definitely preference thing and a great debate to have with your fellow diners! This course also comes with their famous hummus which is literally the GOAT.
So far I've had the Lamb Merguez, Trout and Branzino.  The lamb was super flavorful but maybe slightly overcooked. The trout was delicious but I wish it came with more of the salsa. The whole grilled branzino is to die for! You cannot pass this up and it's a great deal for two people. Both fishes had super crispy skin that I couldn't get over! 
Dessert is kept super simple with varying versions of vanilla ice creams.  The first night I went it was a vanilla ice cream sandwich with pistachio, crunchies on the outside and a cherry in the middle. The second time I went it was a vanilla ice cream sundae with pistachios, crunchies and a cherry on top.
As always with this restaurant group, service was excellent.  I cannot wait to go back...especially with warmer weather approaching!Excellent food, cocktails, service, price... throw in a gorgeous summer night and you just can't beat it! 
$35 per person gets you everything on the left side of the menu to share with your group (with free refills), one entree from the grill, and dessert! You can add a la carte items if you choose.
Standout items:
Sour cherry matbucha- sour cherry, tomato, garlic dip... dreamy 
Israeli pickles- sour and crispy with a kick
Shopska salad- seasoning and dressing took this fresh salad to another level
Impossible merguez- I love seeing restaurants incorporate impossible meat and this did not disappoint. Well seasoned, served will grilled pearl onions and tahini. 
Plum soft serve topped with a white chocolate coconut almond hard shell 
Mint lemonade with vodka. It never hurts to ask if you can spike a virgin drink and this was a real win. 
I look forward to returning for another great meal! 
Also worth noting:
*There is ample outdoor seating appropriately spaced out. 
*They are only open Wednesday - SaturdayAnother one of Michael Solomonov's joints that just does not disappoint in the slightest. The outdoor seating is really well spaced out and has heaters between all the tables so it is definitely ready for the colder months ahead!
I would say that Laser Wolf is a more similar experience to Zahav because of the hummus, salatim, and pita in the beginning of the meal followed by the meats. But it definitely feels more laid back and is more obviously a group sharing meal.
All the salatim items were very good and I would like to give special nods to the eggplant jam one, the bell pepper one, and the beets. The pita was super soft and pillowy and the hummus of course was very creamy and smooth.
For meats we shared the branzino for two, the short ribs for two, and got two orders of the lambchops. We essentially got 6 portions of meat for 5 people and amount wise it was honestly perfect. The branzino was very nicely grilled and charred, and was probably my second favorite out of the meat items. The lambchops were my favorite (next time will definitely need to try the lamb kofte) and they were laid on some sort of sauce that balanced out the smokiness of the meat so well. The short ribs were incredibly soft and tender but they were my least favorite because of how much fat was in each piece of meat... probably about half. The taste was very on point but I wish it wasn't so fatty. Both the short ribs and the lambchops also came with a lot of grilled caramelized onions.
To end the meal, everyone received a little cup of soft serve vanilla with some pistachio topping and it was the perfect little palate cleanser.
There are two other things I wanted to make note of . First is the incredible service that is so consistent across all of solomonov's restaurants. And second is I very much appreciated the wine carafe to decant the bottle we got.
Probably my favorite meal I've had in the last few months and is definitely a must try!!!Soooooooo Good!!!!
This place lives up to its reputation.
My partner and I went there and loved it.  We sat outside and they took appropriate Covid safety measures.  
She loved the Israeli wine she ordered.  
I enjoyed the stout they had on rotation.  
But the real star of this place was the food.  
The pitas and sauces and dessert are set.  You pick the protein you want.  I got braised ribs and my partner got lamb kabobs.  Both were flavorful and amazing.  
I would highly recommend everyone eat at this place.  Reservation recommended.I ordered delivery and was excited for it.
The hanger steak skewer was fully burnt, not just lightly charred. I'm surprised it was sent like that. And there was no date harif on it, just charcoaled meat. 
The rice underneath was good and pita was excellent. Salatim was tasty but doesn't match Zahavs addicting version.
I will try it again but I can't help but be disappointed.I loved the saltim and bread they gave at the start. I got the lamb merguez dish and my partner got the lamb loin chops. Lamb merguez had a lot of flavors but tasted too salty and fried. Lamb loin chops were much better. The best part of the entire experience was dessert. It was brown sugar vanilla ice cream with pistachio rice crunch and sour cherry. It had the perfect melody of flavors. 
Drinks wise, I recommend the Salty Lion. Definitely their best drink on the menu.The vibe is hip and intentionally retro from the wooden panel along the bathroom wall to the colorfully checkered table clothes.  The wait staff took a page out of Trader Joe's book with the matching floral button downs. This is no jab at the service as no empty glass remained on the table for more than a minute. The songs were on point although at times they were a bit over bearing. Overall, my date and I enjoyed the energetic atmosphere. The food was what we came for and it did not disappoint. We thoroughly enjoyed the bottomless array of twelve Mediterranean sides. Our waitress was very mindful at which ones we enjoyed the most and was relentless in making sure we always had a fresh dish. They really know how to work spices into their dishes in unique ways. The main course of lamb and chicken was cooked perfectly. The drinks were so so. Unfortunately there was no Malbec on the menu so I had to pair my lamb with the Nebbiolo. A great experience nonetheless as we will surely be back again in three years after reservations open back up!This was my first meal out since the pandemic started, and it certainly did not disappoint! I found a last minute reservation on a random weekday, and decided to drive out for dinner.
First off, tables were well-spaced, cleaned, and masks were required of servers and diners (while waiting to be seated and while talking to the servers). Safety-wise, I felt fairly good!
The menu was really easy to navigate. Basically, you choose a grilled skewer (of meat or veggies) as your main, and they bring out copious amounts of salatim to accompany it. I LOVED the salatim, and was almost too full by the time my main was brought out. Highlights of the platter included (obviously) the hummus, the sour cherry matchuba, and the Turkish tomato salad. Everything was super flavorful, fresh, and perfect for a hot day outside. For my grilled item, we shared the impossible merguez and the grilled eggplant. Although I'm not usually a fan of impossible meats, I loved both. The merguez was well seasoned, and came along with cute little pearl onions. The eggplant was perfectly charred, and came with fresh little tomatoes to add some freshness. 
For dessert, we shared a slice of s'mores cake, topped with a berry compote. It was delish, but I'll definitely be back to try the soft serve next time. 
Overall, a great experience, especially during a pandemic. Outdoor eating also makes for beautifully-lit photographs!Where to start. We haven't been out to eat since early March when we were in Israel with family. It was like we never left. The salatim-amazing. Just right char and spice and everything nice. Proteins cooked to perfection. Wash it down with a mint lemonade. Then you bring me soft serve?!?! honorable mention to the server who sprinted after me to return my phone. A great meal in the back alleys of Fishtown. We'll be back.What an experience this was! It took us about a month to nab a reservation, and it was WELL worth the wait. The salad tray for the table is absolutely killer with some tasty pickled salads, a few dips, and fresh pita I was happy with that as a meal!
My steak kebabs were cooked to perfection, and the wine pairings I were recommended were spot on. Kudos to the crew at Laser Wolf!Visited last weekend with my family for outdoor dining. All the seats have two heaters going so it's really comfortable even on a cold day. 
The four of us ordered from the $39 p/p grilled menu. We got one eggplant, one trout, and two mushroom (an extra mushroom at the recommendation of our waitress) entrees plus hummus and salatim (assorted salads and appetizers basically). I really liked the cranberry bean dish and the hummus but I wasn't a big fan of anything else. My sisters and mom loved the hummus and each had different favorites. Certainly none of the salatim were cooked poorly, so it was just a matter of taste. A few things disappointed me about the meal
1) we got the same amount of salatim for four people as my sister and her husband got went them went as two people. We did get an extra hummus (so two in total) but otherwise it seems like coming with more people means your $$ doesn't go as far. We didn't need the extra (as we still had leftovers) but I don't like the idea that essentially two people don't get the salatim they paid for if you come with more people. 
2) the mushroom dish, which we were told you could never have enough of, was really basic. It was just a plate of maybe 8 button mushroom. It was fine, but definitely nothing is recommend anyone get. 
In terms of the other entrees: The eggplant was pretty good and my sisters and mom liked the fish. The rice and tahini everything came with was good as well. Dessert was drinking chocolate and a cookie. The drink was super sweet so I only had one sip and one bite of the cookie. It was all good/ fine, I just can't deal with super sweet stuff.
Overall I'd say everything was fine-good. I'm perhaps fixating too much on getting jipped in the salatim department, but I just don't love when restaurants do things like that.
I should say that I really love dizengoff and have two of Michael Solomonov's cookbooks so this is definitely a restaurant I was excited to try. I don't think it was bad at all, I was just really underwhelmed. I think it's still worth going if you enjoy Zahav / Michael Solomonv / Israeli food. I'll probably give it another go in the future if I'm with someone else who's interested.Seems like a lot of reviews keep getting deleted on this place 
Apps are pretty good and you get quite a lot but exp. Meats are something you would expect on one skewer and maybe 5-10 not 30+
With the prices you would expect a nicer outdoor atmosphere not a half ass set up with picnic tables and paper cups housing 15 dollar drinksEverything from the salatim (a ton of different dips/appetizers) to the lamb and beef skewers to the complimentary soft serve dessert was fabulous! I cannot wait to go back!Awesome meal. Everything was delicious. Very filling and the dessert is fantastic. I got the chicken and it was cooked perfectly. I was already familiar with the hummus and pita from Dizengoff but the salatim accompaniments were a great addition. Highly recommend.Truly exceptional in every way. I've dined here several times and each experience was better than the last. The food is excellent and the staff are friendly, helpful, and happy to advise on menu options and substitutions for dietary restrictions. It's one of my favorite places to eat.We did their Pandemic Takeout Meal, and it was fantastic. We ordered online, and drove over. The staff were all masked and gloved, and they opened our hatchback and put the food in our car. We got home, unpacked it, and grilled it! There was a very entertaining and informative video from the chef, sent with the purchase confirmation. The food was absolutely fantastic! Every dish, and there were many, even a dessert, was delicious! The portions were extremely generous. We got dinner for two, and it fed us dinner for two, twice! It's not cheap, but it's totally worth every cent. The quality of the food was excellent. I'm so grateful to the staff, and owners, for all of their hard work, and for taking all of the safety precautions. We had a wonderful Nine Year Anniversary dinner! Thank you, LW. When it's possible to safely do so, we will definitely be joining you in your restaurant, and until then, we will keep ordering!My husband and I had dinner here with a group of friends one night, and had a great time. The restaurant is a refurnished garage, and is very spacious. The tables are spread well apart from each other. 
Our group started off by ordering beverages. I have to say the wine list needs some work. My husband had the Aglianico while I had the Galil Mountain Blanc de Noir. Neither was very good. 
After we placed our orders for food, our server brought over pita, hummus and salatim. All of this, including dessert is included in the dinner price. The portions were generous and you can get free refills on all the pita, hummus and salatim you want. For our entrees, our group of six decided to share a whole branzino, the dry-aged ribeye and two orders of lamb chops. Everything was grilled to perfection, but the lamp chops were definitely the highlight of the night. An order of lamb chops comes in 4 pieces, even though I wished it came with more. It was so tender and juicy. The ribeye was also very delicious, but is pretty pricey at $136. 
Dessert was a house-made soft serve, creamy, and dusted with pistachio. It was the perfect way to cap off an amazing meal. Our waitstaff was superb, very friendly and on top of everything.Came here for dinner. It's pretty much tasting menu only with rotating entree items. The price used to be fixed from previous posters but now it changes based on entree. Food comes with 12 appetizers. These are all basic vegetable assortment but chef put a twist on them with various spices. Some are tasty some don't taste good at all. For entrees we tried the lamp chops and Romanian beef kebab. The kebab is not a typical kebab but is actually kofta. However the kofta meat was excellent. The portion is small however it is just 1 skewer of meat which is eaten in a couple of bites. The lamb chops were also excellent. It came in two small pieces, was very tender. The meal was topped off with an amazing tiny soft serve ice cream. Having been to suraya ( prob my fav out of the three) and zahav which are both similar in style and cuisine. I still prefer both as it was a more complete meal in that their appetizers and hummus were amazing. However the entrees and dessert here were still worth it.The service is great, the atmosphere is chill (although music could be better), & the food is amazing. I love the concept of this menu - you pick out your entree and the Salatim & dessert are included in the price. 
I've been twice so far & had a great time each visit. The eggplant is by far the best entree IMO. The desserts are also so interesting and amazing, I wish I could get more!Food was good, pricey for what it was. Staff and servers (I ordered pickup but was waiting awhile) were nice but made me feel like I was inconveniencing   them by being there...  order was also not correct. Would like to give them another try... but there are many other middle eastern places around there that are amazing (Suraya)We ate here on July 21st as a late celebration for my mother's birthday, and it was an absolutely spectacular dining experience. It's not a conventional menu - instead of simply placing orders, the entire salatim menu will arrive at your table when it's ready with a hearty helping of pita bread, and you may place orders in addition to that. While the salatim is actually a meal in and of itself, I definitely recommend placing additional orders - these chefs know what they're doing, and you'll find that you have room for everything you're served. With that in mind, let's take this seriatim.
The Drinks:
My dad opted for a glass of red wine while we ordered three cocktails - the Salty Lion, A Trade on the Indian Ocean, and The Tide is High. The Salty Lion did indeed have salt, but it was beautifully offset by the sweet and minty ounce of Arak in the glass. The Trade was remarkably refreshing, and left me satiated instead of wanting more. The Tide is High was the strongest of the three cocktails, and was perfect for small sips between bites.
The Salatim:
This menu is subject to regular and common change, so I'll only be name-checking the more memorable items that seem common to the menu. For those who don't know how it works, you will be served the entire salatim menu regardless of order, and it'll come in a communal-style platter with pita bread for dipping and tasting. You can refill any of the individual items you want, and the restaurant offers customized boxes to pack it up and take it home. All adds up to a great mix-and-match experience that doesn't obligate you to eat more than you want. For me, the kale-babaganoush was easily the best item on the salatim menu and of the meal in general. Other highlights include the cucumber with fresh harissa, the turkish tomatoes, and the celery with pineapple and schug. Absolutely fantastic and a unique addition to the concept of communal dining.
The Entrees:
We ordered the sirloin shishlik, the lamb merguez, the whole trout, and the foie gras. While everything was good, the trout and foie gras stood out the most - the former was perfectly grilled and provided several wonderful crunchy bites, and the latter was a delicate and sumptuous bite that just melted in my mouth, leaving short bursts of incredible flavor all the way.
The Dessert:
The dessert was, and I quote, a "brown sugar vanilla soft serve sicilian pistachio-rice Crunch, sour cherry sicilian pistachio-rice crunch, sour cherry." Think of a mini-sundae with several different flavors nicely layered into a small ice cream cup. Perfect way to end a heavy meal with something light.
We enjoyed excellent service all night - our server was Juan, and he was highly attentive, explained everything perfectly, and made each individual item sound good without any dramatic upselling. Additionally, multiple staff members came by and made sure we were all right without every being anything other than gracious and welcome.
Can't wait to eat here again.We're big Zahav fans and looked forward to our reservation at Laser Wolf. We had high hopes based upon the reviews.
The ambiance for me was a bit off-putting. You're basically sitting in what feels like a garage with tables donned with fruit-inspired plastic tablecloths. I get what they're going for aesthetics-wise, but it was more casual than I expected. 
We enjoyed the Salatim for the table, but the main plates were excessively priced for the quantity.The short ribs were $112 and were just enough for the four of us to have a few pieces. The Bronzino was $88 and was nicely deboned, but quite a hefty price tag. Again, just enough portion size for the four of us to have a few ounces.
We knew going in that we'd be dropping bank for this dinner, but we were underwhelmed by the experience overall. We never nickel-and-dime our culinary adventures, but this particular experience just didn't wow us.
We are going to stick to Zahav.Had dinner Wednesday night. Food was okay but pricey which is what you'd expect from a Solomonov restaurant. Sitting outside on Thompson Street, the weather was lovely. I was shocked, however, at the lack of cleanliness in this outdoor dining area. The weeds growing up through the cracks in the sidewalk and in the tree pits were about 6 inches high. There was also an accumulation of litter among the weeds. The curb, which is a mere few feet from where you are eating, had an assortment of crushed plastic bottles and other detritus. At these prices, I expect a better visual experience and cleanliness in the age of Covid-19.We got delivery on NYE - everything was delicious! We got the kebab meal for two and the whole chicken for two. Way more than enough food for 4 people. The chicken was delicious and generous portion-wise. The kebabs were a good deal smaller portion than the chicken, so keep in mind if you are concerned about meal size. The salatim selections were awesome and everything came with a generous portion of hummus & pita. The meals for two are an awesome option for a fancy night in, you get to sample a few things and the food was awesome. Can't wait to go in person sometime.The grilled items were unfortunately the least flavorful part of the meal. Portion sizes are abysmal for the price of the entrees. Would also be nice to get a heads up that you cannot share entrees, you'll be charged an extra $18 per person.Thank you for preparing such an amazing take out system. We enjoyed our meal with our eyes and our tastebuds, too! We read the instructions and watched the video. It was very simple. From the ordering, the pick up and the preparation all 5 stars. 
The food was so tasty, the hummus was to die for, I could have had the hot pitas and hummus and been happy. The baba, also excellent . The lamb was my favorite of the meats but all quite delicious. Nothing wrong here, can't wait to have it again. Thank you to all your staff we really appreciate the amazing effort and coordination it takes getting great food to bring home.Wife and I ordered takeout tonight and it was such an easy process and an amazing experience. We ordered the short rib entree along with the bread, humus , vegetables and all the other items that it comes with. Food was absolutely phenomenal and so was the service. My food was supposed to be ready at 545 and I got a text that its ready on the dot.   Everything was so good, We cant wait to go in person and check it out.Easily the best delivery or takeout we've had during this COVID period, and we have had *a lot*. Magnificent food, thoughtfully packaged.We made a reservation two weeks in advance. Cute little dining spot. We had a party of 4. The menu is prefixed, which included salatim, hummus, pita, choice of grilled item and dessert.
The waiter started by introducing us to the drink menu. They offer arak which is a black licorice flavored liquor from the Middle East. It has a very prominent flavor. I ordered the salty lion, which included gin, arak, grapefruit, mint, and salt. It was a salt rim. The flavors were intense but somehow blended together. The flavors in the drink was complex and had many layers.  
The pita was denser than I had expected. It actually made it easier to pair with the salatim. The pita didn't break apart while eating. You can taste how fresh the bread is. The hummus was on point. The salatim at first was overwhelming. The waiter was kind enough to explain what everything was. He informed us that the cucumber and potato salatim would be spicy but it was barely spicy. Exclaimer we did not have covid. 
For the grilled item, the majority of my party ordered lamb. It was my first time having lamb so I was hesitate to order since it is an acquired taste. My friend did let me try some of her lamb and it was tasty. It was seasoned well. I ordered the beef rib. It had the right amount of fat and meat proportion. 
Last of all, the dessert was Turkish coffee soft serve with salted shortbread. The shortbread was crumbled on top of the ice cream, however it was extremely too salty for my taste to be on top of soft serve. The Turkish coffee soft serve was delicious. Definitely stop by if you get a chance!!Let me start off by saying if I could give the service 10/5 stars, I would.  The wait staff is incredible and work as a team to make sure all of the customers are taken care of.  The second we finished pita, someone was there asking what we need more of.  Now onto the food.  The salatim and pita was amazing. More than enough food without anything from the grill. The pita is dense, which I loved. Our favorites from the salatim were the pickled green beans, Turkish tomatoes, and zucchini with corn.  We got the trout and mushrooms from the grill. The trout was cooked very well but the flavor didn't wow us (like the salatim did) and then mushrooms were on a bed of some barley or seeds (not sure what it was) that we didn't care for.  The star for my wife was the ice cream. Incredible flavors all together and the soft serve itself was fantastic.  The only reason that I'm giving four stars is because the grill dishes lacked for the price.I'm glad I went to Laser Wolf and we had a great overall experience. It's worth checking out, especially with guests from out of town as the sweet spot here is shared dining with good conversation.
The menu is simple and a good deal if you share. Beer, wine, cocktail and mocktail choices are solid. The whole salatim thing is interesting with a group to discuss and taste, but, it can be a little overwhelming and is part of the reason I don't plan on returning anytime soon. The grilled meats and fishes are excellent, as expected.
If I could order hummus, pita, chicken and merguez  without the dozen salatim items, I'd definitely return in a hurry.First time at this place and was extremely happy with it.  Service and staff were excellent, quick, friendly and knowledgeable about the menu.  If you like middle eastern-Israeli food you will love this restaurant.  Salatin-Hummis plate has diverse offerings that are sure to please.  I had the grilled beef lamb entree, excellent flavor but a little to salty.I give this place a solid 3 for the food. In general I thought that the ambience, decor, music and food just did not gel together. It's a poor man's zahav/kfar. The menu is straightforward and simple. Choose your meats and they give you a bunch of vegetables. 
Decor/ambience: pop/rock music, Hawaiian shirts and yellow and blue walls. Not sure what's going on there plus a strange divided in the middle of the room along with the kitschy table cloths just gave the place a really cheap look. 
Food: the bread is good. Different from the one at zahav (I definitely prefer that one). 20 little Vegetables - none really stood out. The hummus was also not as good as the one at zahav.  
Meats: beef kabab were good but almost had a hot-doggy taste (when the dog isn't cooked well and you can taste the casing)
Chicken was decent - cheap thigh cuts instead of breasts. Perhaps the thigh is chosen for the flavor...but just overall pretty fatty. 
Lastly for drinks the as schlugdriver was watery and the dessert was an ice-cream sandwich, pretty generic. 
Overall 3 stars. Definitely worth one visit but for me it just was not what I expected from a solomonov restaurant and probably won't be coming back.To put it simply: SOOO good! The vibe is so fun and energetic, definitely unique to the other Solomonov restaurants. The staff is nice and attentive and the food is perfection. The salads that come with your meal are delicious and keep you entertained and happy before your entrees come. We ate the lamb chops, beef kabobs, and tuna and all were cooked to perfection and full of flavor. 
The ice cream that comes with your meal (yay!) is the perfect note to end the experience! 
We can't wait to come back already!Have picked up dinner from Laser Wolf twice plus one order from Zahav during the pandemic.  Every meal has been delicious. The staff has been courteous and considerate of special dietary needs.  Looking forward to dining in person when the doors reopen!What a great anniversary spot! 
I heard how difficult it was to get a res pre-covid but I had no trouble in January! The outdoor seating was cozy and warm despite the frigid temperatures outside. This is definitely more casual than Zahav, Zahav's little sibling if you may. The salatim was delicious. Crisp salads, the quintessential hummus and pita. We ordered the kofta and salmon for our protein. The rice was also very good to accompany the proteins. The salmon was rather rare, the server fixed this immediately which was appreciated. She advised they typically serve it med rare which was not indicated on the menu. They did cook it through for me. The kofta was amazing and I enjoyed the tehina cookie for dessert. We also ordered the wings with tehina ranch. I highly recommend!Very yummy and fun mezze, followed by good chicken skewer. The mezze is bottomless so we got refills on pita and hummus :)
Only complaint is that it's LOUD. so loud you can barely hear the people sitting across from you. Laser Wolf, I know you're trying to be vibey but please turn down the music a little ?What a delicious dinner. The space is open and beautiful. The food was amazing. We had the ribeye, tuna and chicken from the grill and it was all so interesting and perfectly cooked. The salitims were much different than anything I've had before and we're all so very good. I truly enjoyed this meal and I look forward to going backThe long-awaited hype for Lazer Wolf has finally come. I've been waiting months to get a reservation here and my husband and I finally lucked out. We knew we would have to eat on the sidewalk but big deal we are grateful for anything right now during Covid. 
The food was pretty darn good. For $35 pp you get all of the appetizers in a saltim style with hummus. Everything was delicious especially the red eggplant dip, and famous hummus. Then you pick 1 entree dish. I got the Ahi tuna steak and my husband got the lamb chops. Both were fantastic and cooked perfectly. The sweet corn ice cream for dessert was also delicious don't let the name scare you! 
I'd say overall the food is worth 4.3 stars. It's no Zahav but it's a great alternative and cheaper option. Everything was very delicious. 
I'm rounding the stars down to 4.0 because the service was Meh. There were multiple food runners serving every table which is nice to get your food quick but you would think during Covid they would limit one server per table for limited interaction. Also our main server was not very welcoming. For people who wait months to get a reservation at laser wolf we are very excited to dine here... it would be nice for our server to show the same excitement. Even when I ordered a drink, I tasted one sip and didn't like it, so ordered a wine instead .. he didn't even notice that the cocktail went untouched, and did not ask if there was a problem. Luckily, a very friendly lady who I think was the manager was very sweet, noticed and explained the taste in the drink I didn't like and she graciously removed it from the bill. I wish I could have given part of the tip to her, because she made us a lot happier than our server did!! Thank you miss whoever your name is  :)  
Overall, go try laser wolf, it's pretty good if you can get a reservation!We recently ordered takeout from Laser Wolf for my birthday and it was ah-maz-ing! The portions were huge, granted we ordered an extra entrée, but we had food for 3 days. It's located near Fishtown and offers both outside dining and takeout. We ordered earlier in the day since we weren't sure if they would sell out, but they had everything ready for pickup at our designated time. I would highly recommend ordering early if you're looking to have a meal over the weekend. I believe you can order ahead and set the day/time that you are looking to pick up. They are currently open from Tuesday thru Saturdays.  If we could have ordered everything on the menu, I think we would have. It is a bit pricy, but 100% worth every single bite. It was definitely one of the better meals I've ever had.
Each takeout option comes with your entree, hummus and pita, salatim (Israeli salads), and dessert. We ordered the options of skewers- you can pick any 2 (beef, chicken, lamb, and vegan options), the branzino as well as the Tuna Crudo. We opted for more food instead of adding on cocktails since we have plenty of wine at home. Also, my boyfriend mentioned that it was my birthday on the reasons to celebrate/order and we received a free lamb chop. My only complaint is that we needed more pitas for all the delicious food that we got. I did recently see that you can now add 2 pitas. Their menu is always changing so I can't wait to return and try all the other items that we didn't try already.
Highlights: 
Hummus and pita: fluffy, pillowy pitas served with ultra-creamy hummus. I have no idea how they make it so soft and delicious. Please teach me your ways. I would highly recommend ordering more pita since we barely had enough for 1/4 of the hummus. It would have been nice to have pita for the remainder of the meal. It looks like it was a ton of olive oil, but it was only on top. The rest of the container was deliciously smooth hummus.
My favorite salatim: 
Turkish Tomato Salad - definitely my favorite salatim that we had. It was super fresh, good herb note, and balanced with salt.
Ajvar - I had to google what this was. It was a mixture of smoky eggplant and red pepper. It had a slow heat to it and paired really well with the pita. I would eat it with a spoon and bathe in it if I could. It reminded me of Israeli pico (salsa).
Israel Pickles with Shipkas - tart pickles with spicy hot peppers. Warning: these peppers are really really spicy so be prepared to dive into the pita or other salatim to cool your mouth down. We ended up not eating most of the peppers due to the heat.
Cucumbers with dill - classic cucumber and dill dish. Fresh and definitely palate cleansing. Much needed after eating those spicy shipkas.
Tuna Tartare - served with Schug (spicy jalapeno sauce), ginger, and cucumber. It was light, fresh with a creeper heat from the Schug sauce. The pickles and ginger added a nice crunch. If you like tuna or want to try a tartare, I recommend adding this to your order.
Lamb Chop- it had a good spice level, subtle. The meat was super tender, almost buttery, and smooth. It was cooked to perfection. It was so nice of Laser wolf to add it to our order. I'm so glad we got to try it.
Chicken skewer with harissa- the chicken itself wasn't that spicy which was surprising since most of my experiences with harissa have been mouth-numbing. It was really juicy and flavorful. I highly recommend that you eat it with the remaining salatim for an extra delicious bite.
Bulgarian Beef kebab - the kebab had a smoky flavor with a slight paprika spice. It reminded me of a lumpy hotdog but way more flavorful.
Branzino - a whole branzino with tomato and ginger. It honestly fell right off the bone and was so tender. It was meaty and not fishy at all. There was a slight heat to it and towards the center of the fish, there were hints of ginger. The branzino was definitely the best fish I ever ate. Highly recommend ordering this if you like seafood. Probably the best thing we ate all night.
Key lime bars - black lemon, amaretti crust with a white chocolate ganache, and labneh whip. I don't typically like key lime pie but damn, this was out of this work. It was a perfect balance of sweet and tart and completely balanced. The creamy whip on top was heavenly.
All in all, Laser Wolf was amazing. Everything we had was cooked and prepared to perfection. The food was incredible, especially after transporting about 20ish minutes to home. I highly recommend ordering from Laser Wolf if you have the chance.We recently went to laser wolf for dinner in their outdoor dining and we had a great experience! We were not cold sitting in the outdoor dining, despite the fact that it was only 30-40 degrees outside.
We ordered the pre-fixed menu and added on the short rib to replace one of the meats, wings, and tuna tartare. The short rib is to die for and 100% worth getting, however, it does cost extra on top of your pre-fixed menu. The wings and tuna tartare were also wonderful additions and we would add it again if we went back. 
The salatim was delicious and the ability to try many was awesome! We had a lot of salatim to take home for a group of 4, which was great! 
For our other meats we ordered beef and lamb, and the chicken, both of which were melt in your mouth quality.
We would 100% recommend going there if you can! Reservations come out at 11AM two weeks before a date, they go quickly so set your timers!From the atmosphere, to the service, to the drinks, to the food...no wonder there was so much hype leading up to this opening. This place is AWESOME. Sat at the bar, and never felt rushed...in fact, the complete opposite-Eric, the most fun and knowledgeable bartender made us the best cocktails and then suggested great wine for us. And then, we moved on to dinner-and WOW. They first brought out about 12 small salads/vegetable dishes and hummus to have with warm pita...that course alone, blew us away. The Foie Gras, Chicken and Eggplant were so amazing and so unique. After the drinks kept flowing we moved on to dessert, and no matter how full you are-don't skip it! The pistachio ice cream sandwich was SO good. The staff was lovely and so welcoming and helpful-the restaurant itself is beautiful, and the food is AMAZING.  I never write reviews, but this was top notch service and food and def deserves the praise.I would say that this place is a great high scale example of Mediterranean cuisine . The salads served with any dinner are fantastic, and they pretty much fill you up because the pita is great. They are charging a pretty high amount for the food, but it is very good . I would order less as you can get as much as you want if anything and by the time the meat dishes arrived, I was stuffed. I would say you could eat great Israeli food for much less in the city but this place is a great place to go once .We enjoyed every item from the menu that we ordered!  The service was excellent, the drinks were unique and the food was delicious. If you have the chance go to Laser Wolf.Was able to make a reservation after finding a random opening on Resy. Nice! Came here on a weeknight and it was full. Pretty much no free tables throughout the time we were there. 
First off, if you're a party of two, try to get a table meant for 4 people. The drinks and food were in the way the whole evening and I was constantly moving things around or doing hand gymnastics to try to get to different items (of which there were a lot). It's also very loud inside because of the music which can make conversation kind of difficult. I found myself leaning in and trying to speak loudly most of the evening. We ended up communicating through text in order to gossip about the unhappy looking group sitting next to us. 
First thing we got were drinks. We got them from the zero proof list. We had the passionfruit cooler and the hibiscus rose and mint iced tea. Very different from each other. The iced tea was sweeter for sure, which I preferred. The passionfruit grew on me a bit but I would have liked more (some?) sweetness. 
Next the salatim came out. I appreciated the service and a chef coming by to explain each item when the salatim came out. It's obvious they have a standard method to bringing out the food and how they give their service, which works very well and is efficient. Honestly the salatim was what filled me up and it makes sense since it was unlimited and refilled upon request. It's good and nice to sample different items but I think I wouldn't have missed most of the salatim that was offered. 
We were brought complementary French fries with tahina ketchup which was very welcomed since I like my regular fast foods as well. It was mainly fry nubs probably from a leftover batch that they give out for no charge in order for you to get a taste of. The top layer has the full fries with the nubs laying underneath but I have no problem with this. After all it's free. 
The entrees we got were the chicken shishlik and the whole trout. I was going to go for a lamb entrée but our server Raven recommended the trout. I thought the entrees were decent. The skin of the trout was pretty good and the chicken had a good flavor and was moist. 
For dessert they brought out a tiny cup of soft serve for each of us. By this point I'm stuffed anyway so this was a good enough amount of ice cream. It was still very yummy. I was a bit disappointed that ours didn't have cherries which I saw on other pictures after the fact. 
They provided plenty of take home containers and refilled salatim which allowed me to have two small meals after the fact. Obviously this is a nice perk of getting food here and they tell you this up front so it's not like you have to feel that you are sneaking out food and being greedy. 
I would say it's pretty solid food and while it was not the best I've ever had, I liked the experience and the way the restaurant is run. I think in terms of value this comes close to or meets what you pay for which I think is pretty rare. Definitely worth a try!This was an amazing experience - and well worth the wait and price tag! First the minor cons: I didn't like how casual the atmosphere was - the seating and lighting reminds me of an open market or cafeteria. However, the service was stellar and we were checked on a multitude of times and even got some dishes sent to us from the kitchen to sample. The salatim offerings were by far our favorite as there were some folks at the table who were vegetarian/gluten free. They are so fresh and keep coming if you ask for them! Our table ordered seconds of the pumpkin chershi, kale babaganoush, and hummus. They were all so good! The dry-aged ribeye was cooked to perfection as was the trout. The portions were big enough for us to take home. And obviously we had to get the fries out of curiosity and were not disappointed in them either. We ordered some cocktails off their menu; my personal favorite was the tequila sunrise/sunset with beet juice. Beautiful presentation and a night to remember!This was really great. We got the whole branzino (which, like the other mains, comes with hummus, salatim, and dessert), wings, and fries. The hummus was excellent, really top-tier. The pita that comes with it was very good too, but one nitpick is that it's always better straight out of the oven. The salatim were great as well, especially the pepper/eggplant dip and kale baba. We really liked the fish, but I think we'd get different mains next time. The wings were really excellent, and we loved the fries as well.I came here while my dad was visiting and had an amazing experience! It was a beautiful night to eat outside.
We each got the $39/person menu, which includes hummus & salatim, one grilled Item, and dessert. All of the salatim were delicious, but especially the eggplant dip, the fennel and corn dish, the potato salad, the tomato salad, and the braised beans (they might have been lima, though I'm not 100% sure). 
We split two items "from the grill" - the eggplant and the impossible merguez. Both were incredible, but especially the impossible merguez. It came with the most delicious pearl onions on the side. It was so meaty and delicious! 
For dessert, we got a cup of cherry soft serve with a crunchy topping. I'm not usually a huge fan of cherry, but this ice cream was really good.
I hope to return soon for outdoor dining, or get takeout and enjoy stuffing my face with pita in the comfort of my own home.They started takeout on caviar so we ordered.Wow. So disappointed. We ordered the hanger steak kabobs, chicken cinnamon kabobs, wings, hummus and pita. The hanger steak was good. The rice was undercooked, dry and did not taste great. The chicken kabobs were over seasoned. I had some tzatziki and it helped tone down the spice.  the wings were so hot(spicy) that it stared to burn our lips before we took a bite. Neither of us liked the flavor. The hummus was not good. It was a container of tahini with oil on top. The pita bread was good.Alas, yet another Solomonov establishment has made its way into the Philadelphia food scene, this time settling down in Fishtown and in turn attracting the twenty-year old Penn students who think that by dining in Fishtown they are somehow less mainstream than their classmates. 
Laser Wolf stands out in one distinct manner: the staff at this establishment are some of the best in Philly and constantly make their guests feel valued and cared for (I personally felt incredibly valued when my waiter brought me a free box of tahini ketchup to bring home to my roommate, pictured below).
Some items at Laser Wolf really stand out, although I would still argue that Suraya's dips are superior in both quality and presentation. Overall, a good meal, and I can say with confidence that Laser Wolf provides one of the better Middle Eastern culinary experiences in the city. Not exceptional, though.
I must say, Laser Wolf's pita tastes like Beyonce. It's just so perfect. I could consume upwards of 18 pounds of this glutinous delicacy on any given night. I dream about Laser Wolf sending me home after a meal with bags overflowing with this pita. God bless.
The dips at Laser Wolf are certainly good, but none really stood out. The hummus was lovely, but not out of this world.
For the main dish, I would recommend ordering the chicken. It was deliciously buttery and appeared sun kissed. I generally try to be a bit more adventurous whilst eating out and not order chicken, but in this case, a classic did the trick. I would recommend this one.
As for the French fries. I was born cursed with a deeply severe fear of condiments, and therefore was unable to consume the ketchup. The fries were good, but I do think it is generally a bit of a cop-out to serve patrons fries during a meal, for they will always please the masses. I must say though, that these fries were perfectly crispy and were likely fried by the angels.
Laser Wolf's sesame tahini cookies made me want to die and rise to sesame tahini heaven. I would like to meet the individual who baked these cookies and kiss him on the forehead, then offer him $400 to make me these items on a bi-weekly basis. Jesus wept. 
Covid seating: Laser Wolf has great heated outdoor seating. I was able to take off my jacket on a cold Philadelphia night whilst eating here. 
Overall, this was a solidly good dining experience. I would certainly return, if anything just to shove more pita down my throat. Honestly readers, the pita is a game-changer. I still think Suraya is superior, though.Laser Wolf has incredible food. The fresh pitas were delicious and the dry aged steak was to die for.Outstanding food and stellar service. 
The salatim (the little salads and spreads) were out of this world! All four of us loved them. The staff was thorough and efficient at explaining them all.
I decided to be a little adventurous with my drink order, and I greatly appreciated that our waiter clarified that the one liquor tasted like licorice, which I don't like. He kindly offered to have it made without that one liquor, and I loved it.
I had a terrific grilled lamb, but I'm grateful that it's so easy to eat a fully vegan meal here. I was able to recommend this place to my vegan friends.Amazing food, service, and drinks! 
We got the branzino, right on! 
Cocktails are not the best, but honestly once the food arrived, we could barely think about the drinks.Echoing what everyone else has said and already knows about Solomonov - he sure knows how to deliver on a memorable Israeli/Middle Eastern dining experience.
We stopped by Laser Wolf on a rainy night for a 9PM reservation. Unfortunately, things were running quite behind and we weren't seated until about 30 minutes later, but staff were friendly and courteous, handing us a menu while we waited and bringing food out promptly for a well-paced meal.
We ordered the Iraqi BBQ ribs ($112 for two) and the whole trout ($40). All entrees include the price of the salatim, a massive selection of different spreads, including kale babaganoush, Turkish cherry tomatoes, pickled mango cabbage, corn and zucchini salad, red pepper paste, marinated mushrooms, and the famed hummus - nine items total  - served with fresh-baked pita. When the salatim came out, we knew we were in trouble, it was so much food, but we couldn't stop eating the delicious spreads! However, once the entrees came out, their delicious flavors and perfect cooking preparation gave us a strong second wind and we nearly finished both despite feeling full beforehand! The Iraqi BBQ ribs didn't look like much, but the taste was unlike anything I've had before and the meat was incredibly tender, yet with the slight charred flavor of BBQ - it was a very special dish and well worth the price.
The staff were also nice enough to comp us a the fries with tehina ketchup for the wait. Best ketchup I've ever had, and the fries were perfect - crispy yet tender.
Real potential for five stars here if they'd just turn down the music a little - we wanted to talk about how delicious all the food was, but could barely hear each other! I also was not crazy about the brown sugar soft serve, which was much too sweet for me - though other members of my dining party enjoyed it. Definitely looking forward to coming back - whenever I can land a table again!Bumping this bad boy up to 5 stars because Laser Wolf's Customer Service team is on point. Had a few issues with my first visit here and they quickly reached out, asked for my honest feedback, and went over the top to make sure I was able to visit again and make up for it. I really, really appreciated this gesture and just goes to show how much they care about every person who steps food inside the restaurant. I look forward to making it back to Laser Wolf as soon as I can get in on a res! Thanks again, Team Laser Wolf. You guys rock!There is a reason why my review and all the other reviews give Laser Wolf 5 stars. Because the food is delicious, customer service is outstanding and the place is a must visit. I do understand the place is slightly pricey than others but the amount of food you get, variety , quality and taste is perfect and totally worth it.
We were here Saturday night and had reservations upfront. We were seated immediately outside in their covered area with heaters. They have only one option which is pre-fixed. You can order some apps or customize meats but basically the idea is the table gets a plate of Salatum (apps), entree and desert of the day. We got a plate of of Salatum i.e. multiple small apps(tapas) with pita. The hostess explained each app and its contents.  Took her like 5mins to complete everything.  We did order drinks. Cocktails were unique and tasted well. Salatum was delicious and pita bread was fabulous.  You can request more Salatum as needed. All apps were veg with unique flavors. I cannot stop raving abt their pita. For entree, we ordered lamb kofta and ribeye beef. Lamb was delicious, well cooked. Beef was over cooked so they replaced with rare. I like mine medium. But, the meat was very well seasoned and tasted delicious. 
For desert, we got sesame cookies and hit chocolate. Love love live the cookies. Hostess gave us gluten-free for home for free. But the original one much better. Too bad they don't sell it.
I do recommend Laser Wolf. Bring your appetite and get ready to over eat ;)My girlfriend surprised me with takeout from laser wolf for my birthday and we had an incredible meal! We had a really amazing tasting since she ordered just about every item on the menu and not one thing disappointed! The dinner for 2 is a really great way to try a bunch of things and the dessert it comes with is really delicious, highly recommend!Got take out from here this Saturday after eyeing the place for forever. An overall good experience but not quite as good as were expecting (or the price would suggest). 
Ordering online was easy and there were lots of great dinner for 2 options as well as a la carte options. There were even cocktails to go, although we didn't partake in that. Food was ready exactly on time and pickup was easy and safe. The restaurant has nice outdoor dining options and is decorated nicely. 
We got the short rib dinner for two. This was the highlight of the meal I'd say. Meat was fall apart tender and tasted great and came on a bed of pilaf. It also comes with the standardly amazing 4 pitas and pint of hummus that all of the restaurants from this group are known for, so no disappointments there. We also got two skewers on pilaf off the a la carte menu. These were unfortunately dry and not very flavorful. I've had better kebabs from places in west Philly for much less money. We also got the grilled carrots which were good and came with a nice yoghurt sauce with nuts. Finally (don't worry, there were 4 of us and a baby eating all this...) had the Yemenite wings. Not very crispy but otherwise well cooked and flavored well. Also came with 4 salatims with the main dinner for two. They were OK, but the salatims from some of the other Solomonov restaurants were better. 
Total price was almost 200$ which seemed quite steep for take out. It was also packaged very randomly with a bunch of unidentified small containers of what turned out to be tahini. What it went with was unclear. 
Lack luster kebabs and meh salatims prevented the 5 star review I was expecting to give this place. Still worth a try for sure!Wow! Let me just say, this was one of the best meals I've ever had in Philadelphia. Our server was Juan, who made us feel extremely welcome during our first dining experience here. He checked in on us frequently, explained the origins of the restaurant and the branches of the "Solomonov Empire", and spent so much time at our table I was worried he may have been neglecting the other guests!! He went above and beyond to provide excellent service, and even comp'd my shot of Arak!
The food was great. As an Israeli, I found the salatim very authentic and delicious! While the spices on the chicken and cauliflower that we ordered did seem a little off (was that cinnamon?), they were both very good dishes nonetheless. Be warned that the rice is a tad spicy! Also highly recommend the gin drink as well as any of the arak. 
I hope to be back soon to see Juan and the rest of the LazerWolf gang, just as soon as another reservation opens up!Wow. What a night. I can't recall the last time something so delightful has touched my tongue. I licked my fingers, as intensely as I licked every spoon as I was saving my leftovers in a box.  My French red wine, Devine. The pita bread, fluffier than my best down pillows. The olive oil on my hummus was good enough to douse my body in. Every single person working there seemed high on the food, making suggestions for tasting as more and more food was splayed out in front of us on silver platters. Then- as if they didn't see the two of us engorging our eyes mind and body with the already king and queen spread in front of us- "fries on the house" arrives with "ketchup with tahini and mango and *(something)* relish." "So good to dip in the hummus" the food runner said.... as if that did it any justice. Trying to describe the meal is like trying to take a decent picture of beautiful scenery- impossible. Pamela- our waitress said we were the best mood booster of her night. There must be something said about the genuine and intense love that this restaraunt puts into its food and its people.  When we were finally done with the main courses and asked for boxes- a paper bag with empty to go boxes and an additional *suprise* desert on the house was stuffed deep into the soul of the bag- for a midnight snack she said with a wink. We thought we were done with the meal, but we thought wrong. For $39- the meal included a desert of Israeli ice cream with pistachios... the creamy finish I am already looking forward to being reminded in 2021 by my Snapchat memories about this meal I had one year ago. I can't wait to relive the flavors in my mouth, and drool all over the floor, once more. Did I mention we just so happened to be able to get a table without a reservation?? I can't believe this place isn't booked solid every waking moment of every waking day. Bless this meal, this location, and those people for giving is the most pleasant unplanned meal of our lives. Thank you.Forget about the grilled meats--it's all about the salatim, hummus, and pita at Laser Wolf! This is a traditional Israeli "shipudiya" (skewer house) restaurant created by Michael Solomonov, and the style of dining was even more memorable than at his flagship restaurant Zahav. Here's how it worked: every table was immediately brought a huge round metal platter with 10 different metal bowls, each containing a different "salatim," a vegetarian side dish/spread that forms the basis of an Israeli meal! There was tropical selections like the Sour Cherry Matbucha and the Celery & Pineapple with Schug. There were crunchy selections like the Napa Cabbage with Pickled Raisins and the Israeli Pickles with Shipka Peppers. There were fresh, seasonal selections like Zucchini with Corn; Carrots & Beets with Amba; and Turkish Tomatoes (heirloom cherry tomatoes mixed with peppers). The most unique dip was the Kale Babaganoush, which was chopped kale blended with tahini to form a thick paste, which had a slight bitterness from the sesame and an earthiness from the kale. But my favorites were the Persian Bean Salad, made of cooked greens mixed with creamy beans; and the Ajvar, a Serbian red pepper paste with a bright, sweet flavor. And of course, this wouldn't be a complete Israeli meal without Solomonov's creamy, smooth, tahini-rich hummus, dressed with olive oil and za'atar, and served with the most delicious warm, fluffy, chewy pita on the side. The variety, flavor, and quality of every item on the salatim menu were unbelievable, and you could order unlimited refills of any item!
In addition to the vegetarian selections, we also tried the Romanian Beef Kebab, mixed with plenty of spices and herbs, and the meaty Lamb and Beef Koobideh, which were both served with tahini, dill, and a side of rice. But honestly, the relatively small portions of meat were an afterthought, and I would've been perfectly content with just the pita, hummus, and a few of the salads. As if the unlimited servings weren't enough though, the friendly staff even packed extra pita and hummus for us to go, and the meal ended with dessert: a Brown Sugar Vanilla Soft Serve topped with a Sicilian pistachio-rice crunch and sour cherries. The soft serve was super light and refreshing, making for a perfect ending to an Israeli feast!Man oh man. Laser Wolf was 100% worth the nearly year-long wait we had to try it out! We wanted to wait until vaccinations and somewhat normal dining had returned so we could get the full experience, and it was so worth saving up. We made reservations for a Friday night for outdoor dining, but after seeing a very rainy forecast for the whole night, our reservation luckily was able to be converted to indoor dining. The vibe inside Laser Wolf is much more casual than Zahav, but it's definitely still vibrant and fun. Laser Wolf really lays into the "street food" vibe - the ambience certainly fit the style! Our servers (actual waiter, hostess, food delivers) were all incredibly friendly, making the experience even more enjoyable overall.
Since Laser Wolf is centered on street food, the menu centers on the "from the grill" options to mimic this. But of course, it wouldn't be a Solomonov restaurant without the salatim and pita, what our meal started out with. We received 10 various salatim alongside a few pita pieces. The pita is a bit heartier than that at Zahav and Merkaz, but still oh so delicious. Luckily we could snag some extra pita to feed our addiction / soak up the salatim. All the small dishes were awesome, but our favorites were the kale babaganoush and the mushrooms with swiss chard and sour cherry. Such unique tastes that really worked well together! We were surprised with an additional side dish of broccolini with a walnut sauce, compliments of the chef - the broccolini was perfectly charred and the sauce had a perfect amount of spice to give it a little kick, but balanced out with the nutty flavor. For our grilled options, we went with the beets and the koobideh, which were both excellent. The koobideh was a ground mixture of lamb and sausage that provided such a robust flavor that was so unique. The beets were an unexpected favorite, spiced with dukkah and hazlenuts for a really nice flavor that melded together well. We were also surprised to receive a dish of the chicken compliments of the chef, which was so moist and delightful as well. Our excellent meal ended on an extremely high note with the brown sugar soft serve with pistachio and sour cherry. This was honestly probably one of my favorite dishes of the night - such a beautiful combo of flavors that I would have never predicted. The sourness of the cherries really cut the sweetness of the ice cream, and the crunchiness from the nuts and the rice pearls added a bit more texture. Truly excellent!
Lastly for drinks, we wanted to try their Israeli take on our favorite cocktail, the aperol spritz. Laser Wolf's mish mish spritz featured of course aperol but also Turkish apricot and orange blossom for a refreshing, unique take on this cocktail. We were big fans!
Overall, Laser Wolf was an incredible experience. The food was second to none, and the hospitality was on point. The portions are very generous for the price (we ate leftovers for 2 days!), and we love that we got to have not only the famed pita but also a unique take on dessert. Truly an outstanding experience from start to finish. Highly, highly recommend Laser Wolf for anyone wanting to visit an Israeli restaurant or wanting a taste of the genius that is Mike Solomonov. Thanks for a great date night, Laser Wolf!It's been two months since I ate here so I apologize in advance for the vagueness of this review, but here is what I do remember:
- Nice atmosphere, friendly service
- Salatim slaps as a concept. There were a few salatim that I didn't vibe w as much but just having the array of different dips/sauces was such an experience
- Very good hummus but more importantly, very good pita. The pita were like clouds 
- Entrees were decent; we ordered three meat ones but the restaurant gave us a complimentary eggplant dish too (so kind)
- Overall a bougie experience but one to try out if you canAmazing food. I could not have a complaint about this place. Everything was spot on. If you're looking for a fabulous night out, you can't go wrong here.Great restaurant!!! Secured a last minute late night reservation. 
The appetizer spread was really good and lots of food so you get to try everything and then really go after the dishes you were interested in. 
Ordered the impossible skewers and genuinely took 3 food that I've ever had. It was marinated and seasoned ridiculously well and my friend who had their normal steak wish he ordered the impossible. 
Very similar vibes to Zahav but less fancy and closer to my placeLaser Wolf is one of Michael Solomonov's restaurants and they're only open for dinners on Tuesdays through Saturdays between 5pm-9:45pm. It's open for both indoor and outdoor dining, and I'd recommend making a reservation online beforehand. The decor of the restaurant doesn't take itself too seriously: it has an industrial feel with colorful plastic tablecloths. 
The service was fantastic. Our waitress, Raven, walked us through the menu and also consistently checked on our table. When all the Salatim came out, the server took the time to go over each dish and explained what they were. My table even got a complimentary eggplant dish! 
For $18, you get all the Salatim (which includes about 10 dishes) and hummus and pita. I've never tasted hummus so fresh and I could've eaten it with the pita all day long. The ice cream they serve at the end was also the cherry on top (pun intended). The pistachios on top made it the perfect sweet and salty combination. I actually don't think that the entrees are worth it and that's why I had to dock a star. All the entrees are around $40 and while it tasted good, the portion sizes are really small. I'd honestly just come for the Salatim, Hummus, Pita, and Ice Cream. 
TLDR: Come for the Salatim, Hummus, and Pita! Their waiters also go above and beyond to make sure you have a great dinner.Loved this place precovid. It was the last place I ate at two days before the lockdown. After reopening, continued to love it. Their delivery is always fresh with great meal options. Their outdoor dining is warm and have a great prix fixe type menu.  Love the chicken skewer, the whole chicken, the lamb kofte and the hangar steak. They know their meats!! It's healthier, fresh and has so much flavor! 
Tonight I was really craving their salatim and ordered it through DoorDash . And I put in the note that I really loved the lentil tabouleh and they threw in a huge extra portion at no extra charge.Worth EVERY OUNCE of the hype. Soft, fluffy, warm pita; mouthwatering babaganoush and hummus; brown butter ice cream that will leave you speechless; ALL THE THINGS!!Laser Wolf is one of those gems that is most certainly worthy of that mythical 6th star if it was a reality!! I cannot say enough about the experience that our family had at this new concept from the Solomonov brothers!   Our hostess extending our reservation a half hour that was the first sign of great things to come.  After our arrival at the restaurant, we were seated quite promptly and this is where is magic begins!!  We were greeted by the Rockstar known as Bradley and things only got better from there! 46 yrs old and I can easily say that he provided some of the best service in a restaurant setting ever! He was so on point with his menu knowledge, checkups and conversational banter! All of the food we ordered did not disappoint! The included  Salatimi with the sides and entree ( check the whole Brazino!) were out of this of this world! I implore you to try this place any chance you are lucky to score a reservation! Happy eating!!I feel SO LUCKY to live a few blocks from one of the best spots in Philly. Covid or non-covid, their food is incredible and so special. Recently we went on a chilly November night, but I actually ended up taking my coat off because the heat lamps kept me so cozy!! They have done an amazing job with outdoor dining, and the quality of food has remained outstanding. Their cocktail list is fun and interesting (read: you probably wouldn't make any of these at home as they are so unique and different). At our most recent visit, we ordered the branzino and WOW!! Can't wait to go back soon!The salatim here is a beautiful spread of tasty cold dishes. It reminds me of Korean banchan served before the main course. It is quite refreshing on a hot summer day. 
The meat portions for one here are on the small side, but you won't leave hungry since you will most likely load up on the included salatim. Meat for two portions seemed much larger proportionally to the meat portions for one. 
I was not super impressed with the soft serve, but it was still a nice way to finish off the meal. 
Service is top notch as one would expect from a cook-n-solo venture. Highly recommended for all Philly locals.I had a fantastic dinner at Laser Wolf with two friends. We went on a weeknight and had a 5:30 res. Note that you do need to plan significantly ahead of time to get a res here, especially if you don't want one of the later ones (past 8). 
They have indoor and outdoor seating. Upon arrival you must show proof of vaccination and this is enforced.
My friends and I ate inside. It's a pretty casual environment, but it's tastefully and uniquely decorated. 
Our server was super attentive. We told him it was our first time dining there and he explained everything on the menu and the way their service works. 
The menu includes a nice variety, including several vegetarian items. Vegan can be accommodated too.
Each grill entree includes unlimited Salatim, which are their apps/'salads' served with pita. They are all DELICIOUS. Honestly I could have filled up just on that but saved room for my entree, which was shawarma-spiced cauliflower.
Meals include dessert too, which was so yummy and unique. 
Our server was so sweet and threw in a full order of fries, and drinks with our dessert. 
We left with SO.MUCH.LEFTOVER food, while also feeling so full...but it's the good kind of full, not the kind where you feel heavy and bloated. 
The food was amazing. Service was amazing. Overall experience was A+. I will absolutely be bacLaser Wolf has become one of my favorite restaurants in Philly. The plates with pita to share is such a great way to begin the meal and the food is so good. Would strongly recommend when visiting the area!The food is excellent. Lamb and trout were excellent but you can't go wrong. One note though: the interior is really not so special. If they did a remodel and made the interior more trendy / appealing, it would be a perfect restaurant!