Great coffee and great prices for the area but definitely not the friendliest service!I don't know why everyone is so down on the customer service here. My boyfriend and I went last Saturday, and the barista was totally hilarious and friendly. We were laughing so hard we didn't even taste our coffee drinks until we were out the door, and they were delicious. And for the guy who said he acts super, super nice to them to deflect their negativity? Bad move. No one responds well to that kind of  fakie behavior, and if you thought they were snotty before? Phew. Good luck to ya, and enjoy your loogie latte.My favorite coffee shop in the entirety of philadelphia.  The indie atmosphere just adds to the fabulousness of their drinks.  It always seems to have a few people inside, and it seems like a small place, but there is a lower level lounge area with couches and red walls and nice lighting for hanging out or reading.  I have to admit i'm not a huge fan of coffee, in general, so for me to enjoy a coffee house is a big deal.  Their chai tea is AMAZING... foamy and warm and mildly spiced and served in a giant cup.This was my favorite coffee spot in Philly for a long time, but just recently the lack of working internet (almost a week) and the employees lack of interest in fixing it has forced me to move up the street to (ugh) Starbucks. Too bad.This is my favorite coffee shop in Philadelphia. If you need to re-charge, try hanging out in the lower levelZucchini bread, peoples, zucchini bread.  
I've never been ill-treated at Last Drop, nor have I ever been given much of a smile, but I still come in, ever faithful to the caffeine.
It has a layer of indescribable grime that I accept, based on it's quality of coffee and confection.  Also, proximity to my house is a factor.  And being open late.  And, the mother of all reasons to stop in - it's not another motherfucking Starbucks.We came here to get a snack and some coffee and were initially not thrilled by the lack of friendliness, but the coffee tasted good (even though it was boiling hot) and the sandwiches seemed fine. 
It all started after that, when my wife tried to order a hot chocolate a few minutes later. The cashier started throwing F-Bombs around instead of politely telling my wife that the coffee shop will close in a few minutes. We were kinda kicked out and let me tell you, for the rest of the day we were both nauseous, after having eaten those (probably spoilt) sandwiches.
Granted, it was new years', so it has probably been a crazy day for everyone, but I would still expect some common decency and not telling my wife to get the F* out when she was very politely trying to place an order. Not to mention the rotten food we got.
I always bikes past this shop and for more than a year wanted to give it a try sometimes, now I can say it clearly wasn't worth it. I will not come back, sorry.Good atmosphere, but not really my kind of cafe.  Maybe I need to give it a second chance, but the music was pretty annoying and loud.  The coffee didn't strike me as anything special, and the place seemed kind of crowded, with tables right up against each other, creating a kind of cramped feel.  
3 stars, because it was a while ago and I really should give it another try.
[update 7-31-06]
I just moved downtown and found out that "the last drop" is one of the only cafes open till 12 at night.  The coffee still sucks, and sometimes the music is pretty crazy, (Death metal at a cafe?  I'm um, trying to write here?) but it's a good environment, with outdoor seating, and don't forget to visit the downstairs area, it is set up real nice."  
4 stars!Definitely like the laid back indie feel, but it can get a little cramped sometimes.  Only two bench couches if you're lookin for that sort of thing.  The coffee's decent (I'm no connoisseur).  Don't come in the summer if you can't take the heat (open windows), but there's free wireless, and you can smoke on the benches outside.I've been this place before and I liked it enough to suggest it as a place to meet coworkers/have a conversation. However, I did not expect to have such an amazing cup of iced chai. I will shamefully admit that I have only liked Starbucks chai because they are the only ones who make it strong enough for me. However, Last Drop has this new chai syrup and with soy milk it is to die for. I am going to go back here whenever I'm in the city, just for that chai. Goodbye Starbucks, and thank you Last Drop, for taking away my shame.Some of the staff will ignore you at the counter if they're talking to their friends, but most of them are nice.
The environment is grunge/laid back, and they have good music going that just lets you zone out for hours. It has a punk rocker feel, so it's not too clean. You'll smell like coffee when you leave, but that's a plus in my book. The food is slightly below average/soggy, but it's also relatively cheap.
I would never give them 5 stars because they're not the best in any way, but they have never given me a single drink with any coffee grinds in it. And every single iced coffee I have gotten there tasted fresh... that means they get rid of coffee after it sits too long, which I respect a lot.Grungy with appropriately grungy staff who have given me service over the years ranging from "Dude, can't you see I just don't want to be bothered", to "OK, if we really have to do this, we can".  But it's a neighborhood place all the way as parking in the 4 blocks in any direction surrounding this corner is among the most difficult in the city, I have an easier time around City Hall. But the coffee is LeColombe, the pastries good and the iced mocha drink in summer outstanding.  Really a moot point for me as the last 3 times, I simply couldn't park.  The pedestrians win here.Pre-dinner coffee between show and Amis. Nice little shop, free WiFI, good location, we had a hot tea and coffee, both were done well.The Last Drop is a fine spot to grab a coffee and snack. Most of their food and drink is good, but not terribly special (exception being the zucchini bread, which is a treat). 
The main argument against it is probably the hipster atmosphere, which is hard to pinpoint but very tangible. Then again, you might find this a point in favor, or might simply not care if the staff and other patrons seem slightly pretentious. 
The main argument in favor is the very cool basement space. When I have been here, it's usually not occupied, so it's not only an interesting aesthetic, but a good quiet space.Nice to have in the neighborhood. Slightly overpriced. Elixir is cheaper and higher quality. Space is nice and bright. Which makes it appealing. Wifi sucks. If the wifi worked. I would come here. A lot. I live on the block. No one seems to care they have crappy wifi. They need a new wifi system. Its 2017. There's works 2/10 times I have come here. And I have nicely told them it doesn't work properly. But months later it still sucks.I used  to go in here and think there was something weird on my face because the baristas were always glaring at me, but I was a wildly self-conscious 18 year old and had no clue that the prerequisite to enjoying your Last Drop experience to the fullest was some sort of ban on smiles and respect.
Whatever. My misery loathes company. I'd rather go to Starbucks. At least when I'm there I don't feel like I have a third eyeball or bizarro mole when I'm talking to the barista.  More importantly, there are plenty of other independent coffeehouses throughout Philly with much better, stronger coffee and prices and more warmth. Similar ambience too, just better energy.  If that's your thing, warmth. And friendliness. Maybe I'm just an oddball. Apparently.
I will give them two stars for the funky mosaic bathrooms and vegan cookies. But I think their coffee and "service " are equivalent to watery shit.Every time I've come in here the "I'm too cool to be working here but I'm working here anyway" baristas are rude. Just today I stood in line for five minutes while the guy behind the counter carried on a conversation with a friend of his.  At some point he smirked and said to his friend, "I think the people in line are getting annoyed".  He then proceeded to give his friend a free tea before begrudgingly taking my order.  So sorry to interrupt you while at work...
Bad service aside, the place is dirty and unpleasant with bad paintings of men with hairy chests on the walls. Not condusive to enjoying an afternoon coffee.Cool music, good atmosphere, good coffee. 
I started reading Anna Karenina there, and I'm pretty sure that the coffee shop had some effect on me, because I most certainly wasn't feeling a) defeated, b) bored, or c) self-loathing... which is how I feel about 200 pages into the novel here in SF.Been here twice, first time was met with an ok iced latte and really kind service. Second time was met with an excellent Vietnamese coffee and service that was borderline hostile. Definitely a place I would order to go.  Really nice interior though, very sweet looking spot. Might try it again just to give it a second chance and one more Vietnamese coffee.I've been stopping in at the Last Drop occasionally for a long time. Being on the corner, it's got big windows that wrap around 90 degrees and adds to the sense of space. It's just a great place to hang out, more so than any other coffee shop I've been to in the city. Outside, on a nice day, you can opt to sit at tables along the sidewalk, which isn't revolutionary but it's always nice to have that kind of option.I love the atmosphere and the coffee is good. Food is a bit questionable, but Im going there to do work not eat. Staff is competent but not overly friendly.The Last Drop Coffee House is the most welcoming coffee house in Philadelphia if you're a scene kid with tight pants and hair that hasn't been groomed in 2 weeks. If not, prepared to feel unwelcome. The coffee is expensive and bad. The internet is NOT free, and you have to cram between small tables. If you're not wearing your Sunday best, you can go into there basement to avoid stares from the other customers.The coffee is great and the set up is awesome (comfy benches with tables and lots of outlets, big windows for lots of sunlight - my perfect type of study spot).  
Unfortunately the customer service could definitely be better.  I don't need you to be overly friendly or anything but I definitely didn't order any hostility with my latte.  The barista made my drink wrong so I super nicely asked him about it and instead of just saying "oh sorry, let me fix that" he bickered with me for 5 minutes first.  Honestly dude, it's not a big deal...if you had just done it with a smile you'd have a permanent customer. There has been a  similar attitude problem the couple other times I've stopped by.  I've seen them be nice to other customers, so maybe it's just me? (Then again, here are a bajillion reviews saying the same thing, so maybe not)
I love patronizing local places but this is the sort of experience leaves me running to Starbucks...sure they're overly corporate but all i have to do is make a funny face when I sip my drink and they'll make a new one and give me a free drink coupon.I was shocked to see the food described as 'lacking' in the reviews! I have had the scramble wrap (I sometimes order two to get me through breakfast and lunch!) and just had the most amazing vegan scone! It was perfect in texture and flavor. The coffee never disappoints, either.It's getting increasingly impossible to avoid Starbucks, but I do my best.  Dimly lit, hipsters seem to reproduce my mitosis, coming in and out with their self knit mittens.  It must be something about the torn couches or music that is so hip or so old that it wouldn't even show up in an Ipod commercial.  
Nonetheless, it's not a bad place to go to study.  I have long since given up on the coffee there, but get the chai latte with soy milk.  The internet connection is good, but if it doesn't work just and you ask for help be prepared to be directed to "anything.com" by the staff.  Thanks, jerks.  
There is also only 1 working electrical outlet, though there seem to be many non working one scattered throughout the room.  1 working outlet??  Oh, it is a power strip so bring an extension cord if you're unfortunate enough to be on the opposite side of the room from the power strip.I just thought it was a bit pricey and a bit slow. As Eva H said, "meh."
On the bright side, our sandwiches were made fresh. On the downside, they didn't have everything they said they would, and build-your-own sandwich is definitely pricey. Apples are i think 1.75+tax, Bananas 1.35? That's cray cray. And that's how I feel about most of their pricing.
Atmosphere is charming, perfectly hipster downstairs. Baristas are slow.
We liked all of our food, even the potato chips, but it just left us disatisfied. My mozzarella sandwich was loaded and filling, but it was cheap, spongey mozzarella that made me think they were only pretending to be one of those "fresh" kinds of places.I love everything about Last Drop, except the whole coffee part.
The employees are ALWAYS rude. And like some other reviewers have stated, will finish talking to their friends before they serve you. I think it;s funny because they have a sign taped up that says "We will serve you after your finished with your phone call." I agree but if your going to ignore a customer until you feel like dealing with them, you have no right to ask for that.
As far as the drinks go, their OK. Nothing special & nothing awful. Problem is I always get charged a different price each time I go, but why would I try and correct the ironic-hipster douche-bag behind the counter. The best part about the drink is the cup design itself.
Although reviewers may bash this place, it will never die. People go for the artsy, eclectic appeal. The art on the walls is always interesting and they always have a wide array of interesting flyers and reading materials scattered on a table. A great place to know what's going on around Philadelphia. It's usually pretty quiet so it's a great place to read, do work, or draw.
If it were possible I'd give Last Drop...
5 - Atmosphere
3 - Food/Drink
1 - Customer ServiceAy vey... Last Drop, how you present me with such a conundrum.
So living 3 doors down from you, you're my go to cafe for my morning americano, of which I'll get between 2-3 times a week. The coffee is always good and there's never too much of a line. Sandwiches and bagels are also good and reasonable priced.
But... and I know I'm not the first one to say this, can I get a little love my way from the staff? Now I'm not expecting you to know my name or my social security number, but I do usually come in ever Monday and Friday morning at the same time, can I at least get a smile or a "hey"? And I know it sucks being up in the morning, but many other people, including myself, are doing the same thing and can at least squeeze out a "thank you" or a half-smile. At the very very least when I drop some coinage into the tip jar?
I do love the space though, both upstairs and down( the morning light coming through the stained glass window in the basement, even on the most dreariest days, is ethereal) and I rather be served by a grumpy human being, then by the robots at Starbucks.You want to avoid the Stabucks down the block? This is your place. It's got that neighborhood feel, with the big windows, and plenty of youngsters "working." The fact that I can comfortably keep up my surveillance of Dirty Franks from this location cinches it for me. Excellent coffee. Polite and respectful, if not excessively engaging, baristas. But that's the way I like them.This place should be called "The Last Resort."
The coffee and food is pretty unremarkable; I've had a few bland egg sandwiches and lukewarm lattes before their service utterly drove me away. And that's saying something; I live a block and a half from here.
I've always received really crappy service from disinterested hipsters, but today pissed me off to the point of actively recommending against this place. I found someone's Villanova student ID right outside and, wanting to be a good Samaritan, I went inside to see if this public coffee house would be willing to hold onto it while I contacted the person. The woman could not have been more of a bitch. First, she kept me waiting while she counted her tips. When I explained the situation, she said, "Um, we have enough to do." Because holding someone's ID behind the counter is SUCH A HUGE BURDEN. Seriously. But this sort of self-important, unfriendly service is on par with all my other experiences. Yeah, I bet working in a coffee shop can be a pain sometimes, but I think it's unacceptable to be this rude when you have a job in CUSTOMER SERVICE. 
So, if you're looking for a Villanova ID, contact me. If you're looking coffee without the attitude, walk a few blocks to Good Karma on 10th and Pine. They actually have, you know, good karma AND good coffee. This place just effing blows.Decided to visit here on a Saturday afternoon to get some studying/work done. The iced coffee was mediocre and when I tried to pay with credit card (for my $3.25 coffee), the barista said the credit card minimum is $3.50, which is a pain in the butt. The ambience was really nice with light music playing the background and a good amount of natural sunlight coming in through the windows with most customers studying or working themselves. As for the baristas, they seem to give more attention to their regulars and seemed rather smug with me (a new customer). Lastly - the Internet is very VERY shoddy. Had a lot of troubles connecting, to the point where I decided to leave. To be honest I was rather disappointed and if it wasn't for enjoyable ambiance and decent coffee I would have given this place 1 star.I like this place, because it definitely has character.  The guy at the counter definitely seems like he would have some funny stories to tell, the people all are extremely different, and the actual place looks like a music venue turned coffee shop.
Although I do think the music venue turned coffee shop look is great, it doesn't really make for a great studying ambience.  It's a little dark, it's a little dank, and the music is a touch too loud for me.  And as someone pointed out before me, there is a serious lack of outlets.There is definitely a certain crowd that enters and exits what is called 'The Infamous and Famous Last Drop Coffeehouse'. It's been at the corner of 13th and Pine for as long as I've been attending the University of the Arts and probably longer. I do like the interior-look of it's western-woodwork and the rather huge mirror that takes up mainly the whole first wall as you enter. There is also mozzaic-styled tables to rest your cup-o-joe on. Then if you're brave, enter the hidden basement where you'll find bathrooms decored with tiles and religious figures watching you do a number two and a nice extension of seating with a beautiful stain-glass door/window giving a charm and splendor to what little else this place has to offer. 
On a whole the coffee is good, as is the food, and even with the dreaded Starbucks monopoly opening it's doors little then a block right off of the busier traffic of S. Broad, the Last Drop has maintained and kept most of it's patrons and daily passer-byers. 
The only problem which most people agree is the attitudes of Last Drop's employees consisting of mainly art school grads or drop-outs, some possibly from the school around the block. They are bitter and angry... Why? I can't really say. Maybe they're just not where they want to be but a job is a job right? Yes it is. But I believe there are boundaries too. Heck, even I like to wring peoples necks that just nag or really abuse 'The customer is always right!' policy. Though these guys don't even give you the opportunity to give them grief. They slam things around, stare right through you, and don't even respond to a simple 'Thank you' as they hand you your coffee. I believe if you actually touched any of these people they'd explode from all the frustration their building up over nothing important at all. You're just serving coffee guys.They make tasty Cappuccino there with pretty swirl on top. =) The barista Ray is friendly. Nice local coffee shop!I really enjoy hanging out at The Last Drop. It's open late, located in the scenic gayborhood, has acceptably good coffee & food, plays interesting tunes, and usually the noise level is just right-  I'm not distracted while reading, but I don't feel guilty having a conversation either. 
Love: Outdoor seating, secluded basement, late night hours!, bathroom graffiti, ATM, free wi-fi
Like: coffee, sandwiches (egg salad is really good, and they use excellent bread), prices (not great for drinks, but the food is cheap)
Dislike: overly dim lighting, conversations between staff & their friends that prevent me from ordering, running out of stuff (no seltzer for Italian sodas is uncool)Okay Pros:
1) Hipster Ambiance (I feel cool sitting there)
2) Sandwiches (Cheap, good, reasonably healthy/fresh)
3) They sell hipster event tickets sometimes
Cons:
1) Coffee is just not as strong as Starbucks. Still, it's drinkable.
2) Some of the baristas are snobs, however, they do their job and I'm there to drink coffee/study not to make everlasting friendships with the staff, so I don't really care.
To sum:
I buy a tall pike at Starbucks (Broad and Pine) and then come buy a sandwich at The Last Drop and sit at a table there to enjoy my meal.  The barista is too uninvolved to protest my Starbucks, and I enjoy hipster people watching.Great coffee shop. Good coffee.  They have sugar in the raw available, which is harder to find in Philly than I expected.  Good pastries.  Comfortable atmosphere.I went there to meet someone for a coffee date. It's one of her favorite place and it was my first time going there. I walked in and noticed that it was dark - but the sunlight made it bright. Maybe the lights were off too - but the walls were dark wood which made it neat. It has character. I noticed the paintings on the walls. Pretty funky, I thought. It made me want to display my paintings. There were little tables by the window so it's a good place to do your homework (although, I'm not sure about laptop work - not sure if there are any outlets), reading, people watching, coffee date, etc. I got my coffee and I liked how they served me. I HATE it when people working at places start a conversation and I'm always thinking "shut up, please just give me my coffee". The lady just handed me exactly what I wanted and told me the price then off I go. Perfect. I'd go there alot if I lived nearby. 
The bathroom is pretty neat. No, there is no mirror, but there are little mirrors everywhere, so if you're THAT desperate for a mirror, you can squat down and look for one. Do you really need one anyway? I had fun looking around in the bathroom. Pretty artsy.
It's definitely a good place for artists or people who appreciate art and the funky, unique, and simple coffeeshops.I think I might have become addicted to the iced ginger lemonade here, it's very refreshing and the ginger gives it a bit of zest. I also like the bagels with cream cheese but I thought they could have been more generous with the cream cheese.  The biscotti are also very good and this is a relaxed and cozy place to unwind.  They do take credit cards with a small minimum and I've found the baristas to be friendly.  My only advice would be to add a railing to the lower part of the stairs and it would be nice if the restroom was a bit cleaner.  I will definitely come back here craving the ginger lemonade and maybe I'll try a sandwich next time too!I've been hitting up Last Drop for eight years now since I work right around the corner and often despise the dreadful DEATHSTARbucks around the corner [unless a fellow employee bribes me with free soy coffee to go there].
I've gone through my late adolescent and early adult phases of different haircuts and fashion styles but never was treated any different at the Drop, like some referred in their review. The staff has remained pretty much the same during this time and so has the atmosphere, with the exception that there is no more smoking.
Last Drop's coffee is by far better than Starfucks' but you'll rarely see the executive types hanging out at the wooden or mosaic tables chatting up business deals or playing with their Blackberry. Thank God! The place is more the ideal for the neighborhood indie types, bike messengers taking a break, art school kids, and anyone else who refuses to support the corporate conglomerate. They offer a few blends regularly and the espresso drinks are amazing.
Being an indie business, their prices are going to go up when factors like gas prices and milk prices escalate [compared to corporations who can afford to loose a few pennies a drink] so be prepared to fork out $4 for an espresso drink. They are also cash only, but there's an ATM located at the bottom of the steps.
The drop has an incredible selection of sandwiches including egg salad, tuna, bagels with lox, and an avocado and red pepper sandwich that is just divine! They also have an assortment of breads including banana bread, pumpkin and zucchini bread as well as more vegan treats than I have seen at any other coffee shop.
If I remember correctly back in the 90s and early 2000s they used to have open mic. It would be great if they still did but for now they feature local artwork in the upstairs.
So if you're in the neighborhood stop in for a bite to eat and a refreshing iced coffee. It'll be good till the Last Drop! [yea, corny I know].my corner cafe.  I love it!  The drinks are always made well.  I've only had one "meh" experience, but it's certainly not enough to deter me from going everyday.  The food is alright, but the coffee and pastries are delicious!Has fabulous vegan options (Tofu breakfast burrito), the staff was friendly and the interior was super cute.The cold brew coffee was seriously good, as was the poppy seed lemon bread I got a slice of. But my boyfriend and I got sandwiches as well, and they were pre-made, very dry and unimpressive. I got the chicken salad one, it was lacking. Boyfriend got a veggie sandwich with avocado. I wish I could have ordered something with chicken and avocado, but like I said, they were pre-made, the barista just put the sandwiches on plates for us so, not a lot of options or variety. But I get that it's a coffee shop, not a sandwich shop. Free wifi and the seating was great, indoor and outdoor. Prices were a little high, would have loved a coffee refill but it was just too expensive all together. Don't go hungry, but go for the good coffee.great tea, tasty treats, free wifi
not a large selection of treats, but they are great quality.
not a large seating area either, but it's great - tables, chairs outside - a good place away from the business to take a break or get a little work done.Don't get me wrong, I really like this place. The atmosphere is cool, nice location, open late, and the free wifi is awesome. But the coffee is just not that great. It's average. 
If Last Drop would just raise the bar a bit on their coffee brewing, I would gladly give them a 4 or 5 star rating.popular with hipsters on wi-fi, two floors, cruisyOh, this is good joe. Good mix of patrons - artists, biz types, students, and just people from the neighborhood. Nothing pretentious about the place. Good selection of drinks (hot and cold), pastries, and light food offerings. Music, not too loud most of the time, and a good selection - not just generic bookstore music or your everyday Starbucks - preprogrammed for you to buy it tunes either. Very good social vibe upstairs + if you want to work on your computer, more space in the dungeon + power outlets too.Last Drop is good place -- I almost gave it 4 stars. Tea and coffee are good! The sandwiches are alright but they run out of them pretty quickly. The bagels and soups are decent. The baristas have always been nice. 
It always seems a little dirty to me, though. The downstairs and bathroom area is kinda of gross. I am a frequent patron though, so it's not bad enough to keep me away.I love this coffee shop. Great coffee as well as small bites. Tofu curry wrap is my go to. Great ambiance, nice staff, and good location.Oh, I wish I loved The Last Drop so much more. 
I have been there so many times and every time the baristas are totally rude or distant or apathetic. Call it what you will, but they seem to never look you in the eye but enjoy talking amongst friends or co-workers instead. Gosh, it must be so hard to be a working hipster. 
The coffee is ok. Every time I order a drink with Chocolate it is never mixed properly. The place is dirty and dark. It really is just a dive of a coffee shop, but it isn't really comfy.
The outdoor seating is nice. I like their Vegan cookies. 
They don't take credit cards either, but they have an ATM downstairs. 
It is a great alternative to the Starbucks on the opposite end of the street, but I am embarrassed to say I sometimes choose Starbucks over The Last Drop because the staff there (Broad and Pine) are so very friendly and it is closer to my destination.Good spot for a middle of the day snack and coffee.  Not super crowded and good selection of sandwiches and drinks.Somewhat expensive pastries that can really be a hit or miss and never try to be fresh (try the vegan oreo brownies, stay away from the almond croissant). Never tried the coffee but the tea is surprisingly decent, noted exception being the chai tea unless you're a fan of cinammon milk. I dont mind the service; one of the guys there is nice and cracks the occasional chuckle. I guess the eerie vibe comes from the high ceilings, dark decor, and constant flies, but its not something that others.
Hipster watching is like national geographic. So enjoy it and eat some zucchini bread while youre at itSo Last Drop isn't the best but they did show promise in that they were open on a day and time when most coffee shops were closed. Another plus is that they have a cool room downstairs in which it's fun to hang out in.
Another plus is the vegan food. I didn't have much but what I did have was amazing. They had good iced tea (real) and great cookies. The deserts looked mouth watering. Check another review for the rest of their food.
The negative is that it smelled funny, although it was probably just the trash. Another thing was that the place was pretty dirty. A dirty LOOK is fine but I felt this place was actually dirty.
Overall it met our needs, and the cookies were good and vegan.Recently started going here after a friend recommended it. I am pleasantly surprised by this place and glad I have a new quiet spot to go to so close to where I live. 
The Last Drop is great for sipping coffee/tea and reading because the atmosphere is quiet enough that background noise is not overwhelming. That being said, it is not too quiet that it would be awkward to sit and talk with one other person.  I'm a big fan of the atmosphere here. The lighting is superb thanks to the giant windows, and the photographs on the wall are intriguing and interesting to me. 
Their coffee is good, relatively unremarkable but I have no complaints. I like that they have vegan treat options (which actually are pretty good). 
The staff has been quite pleasant and helpful in the few times I've been there. I will definitely be returning.I was strolling through the neighborhood to find a spot to kill some time between appointments.  I yelped this place, and let me tell you, I'm so glad I did! The barista I met was so friendly. I wanted something with a little caffeine, but not too much, since it's almost 4pm. I said I was leaning towards a chai latte and she said that it had way less grams than coffee. She offered I try the soy milk with a hint of vanilla that is homemade out on the main line. I went for it! Delicious!!So far, every time I drop in, Last Drop Coffee House is always packed, which is a good sign.  However, that means I can never really stay there since I usually don't want to wait around for a table to open up.  
They have a nice selection.  I wasn't a big fan of their chai tea - it was too sweet in my opinion.  I read a lot of great reviews, but I prefer Chapterhouse's take on chai tea.  I'll have to try other drinks here next time.  Nice café if you find a time when it's not packed, but there are a lot in the area that always have room for me.Nice little spot on the corner of Pine and 13th Streets.  I came in the late afternoon and every table was taken up by a single person. GAH. Fortunately, by the time I ordered drink, one of the tables emptied out and I could take it over.
Coffee was not that hot and not that strong.
Wifi was OK.
People-watching outside the window was great.
Basement has additional seating if you don't mind black walls and dim lighting, but that's where the bathroom and ATM are.I really want to love you Last Drop, I really do. It's really hard, though, when you have no working outlets in which I could plug a laptop or phone charger, your barista dudes are so extravagantly without humor that it casts a shadow on your whole day, and it never fails that the seat or table I choose will be wobbly. 
As for the coffee and treats, you have nothing special to offer me. (Although I appreciate the bananas. I mean, you're so close to home that I can grab a coffee and banana in the morning on my way anywhere!) Please start experimenting with coffee beverages, etc, and get some new tea flavors! 
The only thing keeping me coming back (though very, very rarely at this point) is that you once had some photographs on display that were so incredibly good I can't help but have some teeny bit of respect.While tabling with Philly Weekly for the Mural Mile, I was parched, thirsty, and in need of something to drink.  I wandered on over to The Last Drop hoping they'd have smoothies or something similar, but all they really seemed to have were mostly coffee drinks, so I got an iced mocha, even though I didn't notice until after I had ordered that they had Naked Juice in their fridge.  Shame on me.  Unfortunately there was more ice in the mocha than I had expected, and it was okay, but not the best I've ever had.  However, the atmosphere is very chill, homey, and it looked like there were a good number of people hanging out while eating and/or drinking.  They do offer a small selection of regular and vegan baked goods, which means, that one day when I have time to actually sit down and enjoy the atmosphere, I will stop by again.My go-to cafe, as it's one block from my office. Though I use it all the time for one on one meetings, sometimes it's eerily quiet and you get the feeling everyone is listening to your conversation. Vibe can be a little weird, but definitely a good place to study or work on a project you need to concentrate on.
Food is ok, nothing stands out - the spicy artichoke wrap is hella spicy but good. They have tons of vegan and gluten free options.
They take credit cards now (woo) but there is still an ATM in the basement area if you need it. I should point out that the basement area is part of the cafe, it's super dark and I can't really imagine while you would go there, but it's there.It's cheaper than Starbucks and pretty tasty in my opinion. They do only take cash only which is a drag sometimes when I just want to use my card but it's worth it for the environment. So artsy and funny. I love the art on the walls. It's a cool place and I love the seating inside. Good use of the space they have. I've never had an issue with a barista. They always have conversation and smiles with me when I'm there.Swung by here for a quick coffee, and the coffee was far from extraordinary. I normally get Dunkin because it's convenient, and their coffee is significantly better than The Last Drop's, and that's obviously not saying much.
On a positive note, the ambiance was nice - decent amount of seating, so if they have reliable Wi-Fi this may be a good place to read/study.This coffee shop has the BEST music.  And this is coming from someone who can't stand most "indie" music.  This music is hand-picked to be quality stuff.
The atmosphere?  Very dark, in spite of the huge glass windows.  Not a place for every sort of meeting, not a place for every sort of mood.  But when you want it, it's awesome.
The tea (which is what I drink)?  It's Stash...about as good as you can get in the mainstream tea bags...go rate it here: http://ratetea.net/brand/stash/16/ on my website which I like to call the "Yelp of Teas".
The baked goods?  Excellent.  Especially the chocolate-chip zucchini bread.
The wireless?  Fast and reliable.
All I can say?  Heck yeah.I never feel cool enough to sit here and hang out, but I will enjoy some zucchini bread from time to time.I like this place.  The staff is always cool to me, likely because I don't hassle them.  I drink my coffee black and quietly do my work in the corner when I need to, or go home.  The coffee is good.   Don't ask them for change for the meters, trust me.   Sometimes the artwork makes me feel weird but that's my problem.I liked this place when I visited in May, but I left my favorite hoodie there and they let me know they have it but have ignored me since. No phone # on the website - and the number above is answered by a fax machine. Please contact me, I love that hoodie!!Cute little coffee shop.  They have cream and sugar off to the side, so you make your own ratios which is nice.Decent coffee but like all the other reviewers, the food is lacking and like some other reviewers say, overpriced.
A decent place to have a cup of coffee and do work. Honestly, I don't hate this place and I'd come back in the right circumstances but if you want some food I suggest looking elsewhere.IF I COULD GIVE THIS PLACE NEGATIVE STARS, I WOULD. THIS PLACE IS THE WORST FUCKING COFFEE SHOP I'VE EVER BEEN TO. HANDS DOWN.
REASONS WHY I HATE THIS SHITHOLE:
1.  THERE ARE ABSOLUTELY NO PLUGS THAT WORK.
2.  THEIR TEA SELECTION IS SO LOUSY IT'S SAD.
3.  I'VE NEVER BEEN AROUND A RUDER GROUP OF PEOPLE IN MY LIFE. what the fuck kind of business allows its employees to finish their lame ass conversations before helping a customer? ?!??!?!?!?! i had to fucking ask the guy (i hope you know who you are because you fucking suck and i hate you so bad) to STOP TALKING TO HIS HIP FRIEND AND HELP ME!!! WHAT A TOOL.
4.  YOU CAN'T GET ANYTHING DONE BECAUSE THE LIGHT IS SO DIM AND EVERYONE AROUND YOU ARE HIPSTERS TALKING OUT OF THEIR ASSES ABOUT SHIT THEY KNOW NOTHING ABOUT. 
and finally....the reason i hate this place the most:
5.  SOMEONE STOLE MY FUCKING NEWSPAPER HERE THAT I JUST BOUGHT.
I KNOW ALL YOU HIPSTERS THINK YOU ARE SOOOO COOL SITTING AROUND DOING NOTHING WITH YOUR LIFE AND WORKING ON A CROSSWORD PUZZLE, BUT FUCK YOU. ALL OF YOU!!!!!!!
Honestly, I never thought I would go to a coffee shop that would actually make me WANT to go to Starbucks.
To all of the staff at the last drop:  fuck you and your hipster friends!Everyone that works here is a shithead. The coffee is ok.Would be nice without the so called hipster vibe. Us 50 somethings enjoy coffee too. They make you feel uncomfortable.I want to like Last Drop Coffee House, I really really do. It's in a great location, has wifi and outdoor seating. 
 But, as others have noted in their reviews, the folks that work there are grumpy and unpleasant, and the ambiance is eh at best.  I went over there a few weeks ago to get a drink and do some studying. Unfortunately, all the outdoor seating was taken, so I opted for a seat near the window. A few minutes after sitting down, someone's stinky cigarette smoke was wafting into my space. It was gross so I left. I figured, maybe just bad luck, I'll give it another try. So, I did a few weeks later and found a seat outside (after ordering a drink from a pouty employee).  And, as you may have guessed, cigarette smoke on either side, Deja Vu. I moved to another seat, and lucky me, a guy with the most unpleasant B.O. sat at the table next to mine. Is this place a magnet for foul smells?  I would have just gone inside, but the swarm of flies buzzing around were equally irritating.   As for the iced tea I ordered, it was bitter and tasted like it had been sitting around all day.
I would opt for Chapterhouse any day - and I just learned that they have outdoor seating, so why even bother with Last Drop?Last Drop is a great li'l coffee house with excellent coffee (yay!), wi fi, brownies, bagels, and even other foods that don't start with the letter 'b' (including vegan options). The music's always good (or at the very least, interesting). The decor is aesthetically pleasing, the artwork is predictably weird and usually bad, but in an endearing way... I don't know-- what more do you want? 
Unlike other reviewers, I have never had an issue with any of the baristas. I get served in a timely fashion and I don't get any guff. And I've been coming here off and on for about 10 years now, so I'd say that's a pretty good track record.  Maybe some people have actually been horribly mistreated by the staff and if that's true, that's not cool. But most of the complaints here sound kind of whiny and self-conscious ("They think they're soooo cool...",  "I hate hipsters!" [we all do, honey], "The one dude who works there doesn't smile at me..."), so I'm not sure I trust them. 
In summary: mmmmm, coffee; baked goods!; other common traits of an independent coffee shop; staff might offend youMy first time going to Last Drop was yesterday, but I will definitely be back! I ordered the cold brew La Colombe and it was delicious! I don't always drink my coffee black, but when it's brewed well, I do.  
I sipped my iced coffee and set up my laptop at a spacious table.  I was arranging for my a cappella group, and although they play music, it's at an acceptable volume so you can put headphones on and drown it out.  Some places play music so loudly that you are forced to listen to the house music.  
I didn't need WiFi for my work, so I can't speak to the quality of the internet, but I will definitely be back and will update then.Fresh coffee, good iced coffee, great vietnamese coffee, free wifi, and plenty of space. 
The only con is the bathroom is disgusting. Even just trying to get the paper towels from the dispenser makes me want to wash my hands again.I came here once on an early Sunday morning for a quick breakfast and a coffee... unfortunately, for the lovely young woman running the counter, so had everyone else.  
She was quite amazing to watch as she got everyone's breakfast sandwiches and coffees made in a speedy manner.  Not once did she look frazzled... though she did look like she has just rolled out of bed.  
Lots of windows and on a corner so there is always great people watching, both inside and out.   Do check out.I have no idea who decided to paint the walls white and start playing terrible Trader Joe's music, but it was a big mistake. What happened the darker atmosphere, old tables, fliers by the bar seats? It's like somebody chopped off Last Drop's signature hairdo and threw it down to the bottom floor, where they at least had the sense not to "clean up" the mosaic in the bathroom. Oh, and I never imagined writing a review and commenting on lightbulbs, but the ones over the tables are super blindingly bright. Suppose it fits its new sterile persona. Going there was a weird experience, to say the least.Oh Last Drop!
You are forever brimming with hipsters scrounging for wi-fi. Your coffee tastes slightly better than burned bottom boils.  Your pastries are overpriced yet there are millions of them.  The mosiac in the bathroom makes me vomit a little in my mouth. You insist on offering sub-par soy milk to put in the brown water you call coffee.
But...still...I love you. 
You manage to stay packed with countless Starbucks within a five-block radius.  You were the first coffee shop I ever came to in Philly (though I was not hip enough for you to give me a job). Your baristas play death metal at a coffee shop (hells yeah!) You provide me with a better wi-fi connection than I get at home. If you ever closed I'd have to rethink the meaning of life itself.This place has the right idea, only who did the hiring?
The one that really makes me mad is the guy with the glasses who once displayed his Photo 1 project all over the cafe (awesome! no)...
I went up to the counter the other day to order a coffee and he sat there right in front of me just for a second before looking up and asking dryly what I wanted. 
Of course he perks up right away when a friend  of his asks a question. Hey, a smile couldn't hurt. You're not that cool. Someone must have told him otherwise.
Other than that I really like the place, I'll go there again, the coffee isn't anything to write home about but I like sitting outside and the location is nice to do that.I don't know what yelp.com enthusiast Jason S. has against Last Drop employees, but this place is A-OK with me: a nice place to read a book or watch a guy do a charcoal drawing of a wizard.