It's our fourth time visit, always have pleasant experience. $24/ per person plus tax. Great price for varieties food selection. Personally prefer xia Ku Cao over Wang Lao Ji for drinks. Wish they have dessert in the near future.Good food when its cold out or when you're sick. Great option of meat to choose from for AYCE and a fair lunch and dinner price.I love meat here. this is my favorite place in University City in the city of Philadelphia. I would def take my family over here when they visit me. The meat is of high quality and beer is awesome hereHad a great meal at this place! The restaurant is very clean and pleasant smelling, with a nice decor and a good temperature. I normally get very cold in restaurants but felt comfortable there. 
We were greeted by the manager who also seated us and was very attentive the entire time since it was our first time there. He showed us the menu and then helped suggest sauces at the sauce bar, you make you own and I really loved that part. I mixed up my favorite flavors and that dipping sauce made every bite burst with flavor. 
The broths were delicious and the meat was great quality. The vegetables were clean and delicious. You really get a good deal with the all you can eat price we left very full and satisfied. 
The bottled green tea was SO GOOD, you must order it if you like iced tea.Good and cheap. But theyre missing some ingredients on the menu and forgot to bring ingredients after repeatedly asking for them. The broth was flavorful. Quality of ingredients was just okay. But its cheap hot pot so thats acceptable.Nice ambience and food looks good. Couldn't have hot pot due to time constraints. Nice selection of appetizers and food.Great all you can eat hotpot. Get the spare rib broth and fatty beef!! I always come here with my friends and their specials are great. The place is really clean and the food is fresh. Highly recommend checking this place out.1. All you can eat lunch and dinner - it's a better deal if you go for lunch
2. Many options for veggies meat seafood although for some seafood options you need to pay extra
3. The only thing I wish they had were more options of less fatty meat. But other than that, it was pretty good so I would go here again (location near campus is def. a plus)Real authentic hot pot, going there with my whole family, very close to what I had in China, will definitely come again...love it!LaTao is imba！肉很新鲜 种类很丰富 是附近最牛逼的火锅！This is certainly the best restaurant in this region. Very good, very nice. 巴西是冠军！！ is the championship！Smells amazing!! It's going to be so good. We ordered all of the meats and the Benz pot!I ordered a takeout, but the guy who answered the phone hung me up before I finished speaking... They also had a missing item with my order, and I had to call them again. However, they always knew that they "forgot" to put that item and laughed at me saying, "haha, yeah we didn't put it, and you need to come back and pick it up", okay, I did, but they didn't even give me a bag... Never said they were sorry... i went to this restaurant only because it's located near where I live, and I always tip them when ordering takeouts, but they just became ridiculously rude. Anyway, I will never go thereThis place was really confusing to find, I was meeting up with some people and apparently it used to be or is owned by (???) Ochatto, which is also the name of their other, older, not as nice hotpot place down the street. So I'm glad we stuck with this one. It was really good!!  I had the herb broth, which turned out to be a good choice because everyone else's was way too hot, even the mild. We had some trouble communicating with the waiter, but it worked out. The house made soy sauce was great and added just enough spice. 
Its all you can eat dinner for $23, so I got ramen, angus and regular fatty beef, lobster balls (which I didn't like the texture), spinach, and broccoli. 
I would definitely go back, and I'm looking forward to trying more hotpot restaurants in the future.Excellent restaurant with one of the best hotpot services in university city. Excellent prices and very friendly staff. Lunch special and happy hour is great.Excellent AYCE hot place on UPenn campus. Perfect for those cold winter days.  If you want to see a bunch of Asian students tearing up some food, this is the place.  They accept CC but will offer a 10% discount if paying with cash.I just had this for the first time for lunch. Oh my goodness - the rib broth was sooooo good. The Szechuan hot pepper was pretty spicy but the broth was spot on!!! All of the ingredients were fresh and the meatballs and fish balls were really flavorful!! Highly recommend. I will definitely be back. Yum!!!First time here. The food is very genuine and delicious. Definitely recommend and will bring more friends back.I am really fascinated in Latao Hot Pot. It's really excellent quality and reasonable price. We've got a decent serve. There won't be crowded at weekday lunch. You will never regret it.This is my new favorite hotpot buffet in Philadelphia. They also offer BBQ and spicy stir fry bowl but I haven't got a chance to try. In terms of hotpot, the meat is fresh, service is good. And I really enjoy the environment, looks clean and neat.Great options for all you can eat and it's fairly priced. Delicious food as well. Me and my buddy always come here if one of us doesn't feel 100%.Quite and no wait time. Great selection of food. My favorite is beef throat and angus fatty beef. Another nice hot pot place in town!This place is perfect for a Friday night with friends. The wait staff was exceptionally kind and helpful as we tried to narrow down the enormous list of things we want to order, the service was phenomenal, and the food is to die for. Experiment with the sauce combinations and you'll be able to come up with something amazing.
I recommend the spicy Szechuan sauce and you should try all the beef meat options. Come with an empty stomach and you'll have an amazing time! Wish I could give it 6 stars.Came with a friend for their all you can eat hot pot buffet and were so full!!! Absolutely love the food and love the service! Definitely coming back with more people next time! Loved the mushroom soup and the Szechuan spicy soup. The angus fatty beef is really tasty and the fried taro adds a little flavor.Love love love this place! The broth was amazing! Staff is helpful and friendly. Lunch prices are so cheap. Def the best hot pot place I've ever been to by far!I decided to try this place given the radical reviews but turns out yelp did me wrong.  It was just mediocre.  The quality of the meats and ingredients were mediocre.  The service was possibly non-existent.  The waiters were pretty busy chatting it up.  The soup base didn't have the rich pork bone flavor from being stewed for hours.  I wouldn't go again but I understand that it's a great ayce option for college kids nearby.Amazing hotpot! Very good and authentic hotpot! We ordered the Szechuan spicy butter broth, it is just like I eat in Chengdu. All food are so fresh and the crab is my favorite!I go there with my family at least every month. This is the best hot pot place that we've tried and we've tried places in NY, NJ and PA. This place has the best broths (we love the schezuapn, rejuvenation, and Tom yum) and sauces.  With the all you can eat prices, it's also a great deal.  Highly recommended.  My daughter is a vegetarian and this is her favorite place to eat. The service can sometimes be a little slow but the servers and very nice in general and very polite.  Parking is pretty easy, so much easier than Chinatown.It is my worst restaurant experience ever. It has slow and inattentive service plus a really low quality of food. If you do not waste your money, just do not go.LaTao hotpot is conveniently located near campus and offers many options for hotpot at great value. It's especially cheap during lunch hour and the atmosphere is great!This is one of my favorite places to eat in Philly HANDSDOWN. As a student, LaTao HotPot is very close to my campus which makes eating there very easy. It where I like to go for big celebrations.
To begin LaTao has amazing broths (the tomato is my favorite). They are Buffett Style with great quality food. Unlike other buffet hotpots, their food is of a high standard for the cost. Personally I love the Angus Beef and fish balls with Roe. They have a large menu which I recommend become familiar with because the all the options are quite appetizing and can be overwhelming in a good way.
The staff is also helpful and brings out food quickly. You need to try their food to understand how good it is.
TIP: bring cash with you because there is a 10% discount for people who pay in cash. Also on your birthday, you get a hotpot if you are in a group of 4 or more (but make sure you double check this).Perfect！I have been here many times and food is excellent. We ordered 2 lb of crawfish. The sauce was delicious. The staff is always helpful. 
This is my favorite restaurant in Philadelphia.I'm prefacing this review based on my bias toward a preference for staff who care about their restaurants and places with great food. Sadly - LaTao had good food but lackluster practices with hygiene. In terms of the food, we ended up opting to not get the hot pot menu (even though this seemed like an excellent selection of meats and vegetarian choices) and settled for Mapu Tofu, Chicken Fried Rice and Garlic Beef. These dishes were good but again missed the mark because of my earlier observations. It seems like they have a good customer base and offer a 10% discount if you pay with cash but we will not be back.Decent hotpot spot in University City! We had their All you can eat hotpot and it was super worth it! Their lunch special runs from 11am - 3pm and do take note that it is now $17.95 per person, not $16.95! 
We got to select a lot of different ingredients for the hotpot. You could get however many ingredients you'd like within their 2 hour limit. They also bring the ingredients in small portions which I really liked. You will get charged for any hotpot ingredient food waste, so it was really nice that they didn't bring out too much of each ingredient every time. This made it easy to control our food waste.
We chose the tomyum, and mushroom rib broth which were both delicious. The tomyum flavor wasn't too overpowering, which allowed the ingredients to taste like their natural flavor. The mushroom rib broth was also delicious! 
Their service was pretty good as well, but it could be slightly better. In other hotpot places, our broth always come before the ingredients. However, in LaTao, we were sitting for a while with the ingredients in front of us, and no broth for a good 10 minutes. I'm not sure if this is the norm, but it was all good after they came! 
I definitely recommend this place during lunch time if you're looking for a deal! Not to forget, they have a DIY sauce station where you get to make your own dipping sauces!One of good places for hotpot although the Sichuan spicy broth is just ok. All food came out as small portion which makes sense for preventing waste. One noticeable thing is that this place has a bar which is rare at Chinese hotpot restaurantsPretty good hotpot place. Get the fish balls with pork, spam, and the meats. Lunch is $17, dinner is $25. For the dipping sauce I mixed hoisin, peanut sauce, chili oil, sesame oil, sa cha sauce, and scallions for garnish.We ordered the food and waited for 1 hour of all you can eat hot pot.  Worst service!!! Cannot imagine!!Nice place one of the best hot pot place in Philly. Homemade fried pork is good. Ladao spicy beef is great also the pork belly.for AYCE hot pot this is exactly what you're looking for - they have many, many options which is expected but they truly have all the ingredients you'd want in hot pot. Sauce bar has many options and there are multiple broths to choose from.
Recs:
- If you like spicy (like me!), I'd recommend actually going for the non-spicy special rib broth and then just making a spicy sauce. The szechaun broth is spicy and great at first but after a while, it's a bit numbing because of the spices used... so it can be a bit overwhelming.
- Take advantage of that $17.95 lunch special - it's still AYCE!
- Use the individual pots
**if you are vegetarian/vegan, make sure when they refill your broth they are not using the meat-based broth (went with a vegan friend once and she felt a bit sick hours after and was suspicious that the refilled broth wasn't vegetarian)Really good place to have hotpot best in Philly      The food are very fresh and the hotpot base soups are awesomeExcellent place to get some authentic hot pot and seafood. Wide variety of selection and affordable lunch and dinner menus. Will definately recommend!!This was very good food. Quality is top notch and the service was superb. Definitely the best hotpot I've had in the city. Will definitely be coming back.Raised their prices for the lunch all you can eat hot pot by a dollar, but it's still the best ayce hot pot I've had! Their quality of ingredients is just good, their sauce bar is fully stocked, and their soup bases are all amazing!I was surprised that there was a Chinese hot pot place near upen. The soup tasted good. The numbing and spicy one was not very spicy, but smelled quite good with a mixture of spices. And the tomato one had a strong flavor of tomato but no significant ketchup flavor. It was better compared to other similar places in NYC. They also had a huge selection of meats and veggies. But, the quality of the ingredients was bad. Compared to other places in the same price range. The beef and lamb was hard to chew...Menus & Foods: Menus is easy to read with pictures. The broth is tasty, lots of choices of ingredients and fresh! They served alcohol too.
Service: Very fast service. Manager and staff are friendly and helpful. Busy during weekends but can manage. 
Parking: Street Parking
Overall: My husband and I love their All You Can Eat Hot Pot. We been here many times, with friends too. The price is reasonable. We think this is the best Hot Pot (AYCE) in PA :)Excellent, authentic hot pot. Service is brusque, but attentive. Got the individual pots with different broth flavors. Tbh they taste about the same. If you do the buffet, you get loads of meats, carbs, and veggies to choose from. My favorite was the rice cakes. Am now stuffed.For the price it's a very decent hotpot. Not as good as other more expensive choices in center city but for the price and all you can eat it's hard to beat lataoI have been to this place numerous times since it first opened, and I am so thankful for their $16.95 all you can eat lunch special (with an additional 10% discount if you pay cash) on weekdays! It's really a treat to be able to catch up with friends here and really eating your money's worth. The staff is amazing at keeping up with the services, and they even went as far as to go to a different store to get our food because the red snapper fish filet we ordered was not readily available. The meat and all the food they provide for hot pots are of the highest quality, and you can tell they prioritize quality over quantity, which I appreciate. I haven't been to other hot pot places in Philadelphia, but my friends have all said this is better than a lot of other spots, so I will highly recommend to students and family alike to come here as we approach hotpot season!I come here all the time! I'm so glad that they opened an all you can eat hot pot place in University City! I highly recommend coming for lunch because it's so much cheaper for the same menu. 
The only two things that I don't like is that the pork is more fatty than I would like, and they charge extra for rice cakes. However, I don't eat beef and I appreciate that they can do a vegetarian broth! Also, I like getting the triple broth! Aaaand we got a free beer since I posted this!Really great place to hang out with friends and food is pretty cheap! Service is great as well!Wasn't really impressed with my experience at LaTao. I had heard mixed reviews from friends, but decided to give it a shot. Was instantly disappointed when we wanted to sit outside, but were immediately informed that you can't get hot pot when you sit outside. This was too bad. The food itself wasn't extraordinary. Neither here nor there.Wonderful place! Great environment and delicious food.  Everything was so fresh! I loved all the types of sauces they had!Good lunch price for all you can eat.
The hot pot is one big pot for all to share, but I like that you can choose multiple soup bases which is great if you want a mix of both spicy and non spicy. Pretty extensive menu to choose from--I was very pleased to find all my favorite fish balls (the ones with roe and ones with pork inside).It's a really authentic hot pot place. The ingredients are pretty fresh. I like the spicy pot. It's feels like you are back in sichuan for the food. We ordered lamb, beef, fish, and various vegetables.Great food, great service, went there 100+ times.
Chao Cha bubble tea which is very close is also great!If you are looking for the best hot pot with reasonable price, this is the BEST place in town. They offer a all-you-can-eat hotpot lunch for only 16.99, which is a great bargain for the quality of food. 
Meanwhile, I also regularly order takeout from their kitchen. They offer a great selection of Chinese foods at relatively reasonable prices. Most of my orders are ready for pick up after 20 minutes, which is ideal for a quick bite for lunch.Good place, it's nice how you get to cook your own food. Lots of different options for the all you can eat hot pot!I don't eat beef and LaTao HotPot is one of the few places where I feel like I, too, am getting my money's worth for hot pot. Call me a noob by ordering noodles at HotPot, but their Udon is worth at least 1 order. That and their Black Pork, Lamb, wide variety of mushrooms, tofus, fishballs and fragrant Pork Bone broth / Chinese Herb broth and you're set. All you can eat (AYCE) for $17.95 lunch, $24.95 dinner and you'll get an additional 10% off if you pay cash. The only thing that irks me a little is that on multiple occasions, our food order has come out before the broth itself... maybe it's a kitchen disconnect but it's a little frustrating having to look at your food for 5-10 minutes before getting actual broth to cook it in. What a tease!
Caution: you will smell like your broth afterwards (no matter which side of the booth you sit on) so be prepared to take a nice shower after.First visit. Next time we will come hungrier for the all you can eat hot pot. Looks great. Tonight the wok of double cooked pork belly with cabbage and leeks is a great start. Place is clean and has an interesting menu to explore. Great!Wonderful place for hotpot!!! The beef is so good and real Sichuan style, really love the atmosphere in store. We,be tired nine comp pot here, exactly the same as I tried in China before. 
Love it hereGreat place for hotpot close to Penn campus! $24 all-you-can-eat for dinner. A wide range of selection, very fresh infredientsFair price good food great service many different broths to choose from. And wide variety of meats and veggiesVegetarian's hotpot paradise. Try the benzo pot with mushroom, tomato and spicy broths. They have a great variety of sauce ingredients and veggies for the soul.Very good hot pot, very friendly staff. Food is served in a timely manner and the quality is fairly good for the all you can eat price. Highly reccomended!Surprisingly decent hot pot in University City. They re-branded themselves and added an AYCE deal for weekdays - great selection, decent broth and sauce bar.  Would go again and bring more friends.Went with friends for dinner. Did hotpot and split the broth with mushroom and spicy. Our group was a big fan of the mushrooms (king, phoenix), quail eggs and fatty beef. Would definitely go again if asked.We stopped here for lunch today-walked by many times and it smelled great. And sure enough it was good. The basic hot pot is AYCE for 2 hours but we were stuffed after our second batch of goodies. Staff is pleasant and was very helpful in picking items to cook. Next time we'll order a bunch of proteins and various balls, then do the veggies and noodles to fill up the corners.Tried LaTao this week for my friend's birthday. I just want to say off the bad, I am not a Chinese food connoisseur. I walked into the dining section and was impressed with the look and ambiance. It was not busy at all, only one table taken. I decided against trying the Hotpot, due to the price, $23.95 per person and went for an entree instead. I ordered sesame chicken. The portion was good, but was only given a small bowl of rice. I ordered brown rice and when I started to eat it, realized parts of it were crunchy. The sesame chicken had good flavor, but was not crunchy, which is how I prefer it. In my opinion, was not worth $13. I was wishing I was somewhere else where I could get a platter and drink for $6 lunch special. I will not be back, because the prices are high and I was not impressed, but I cannot speak on the quality of the hotpot.Best hot pot place in town. We came here every week remember to get their extra spicy broth and tomato broth they sooooo good.The food here is definitely one of the most reliable and consistent. No other place to go to in university city to get great hot pot. They also accept reservations unlike other places so make sure you call in on weekends.I've been a fan of this place since Ochatto and I still think this is one of the better places to enjoy hot pot. Their change to all you can eat is great because now I can eat more for less $$$. Their quality of food has not changed and is up to par to what I have had at Ochatto before. The broth is excellent. Great seafood too.
UPDATE: 
Just read all the reviews about fatty beef being too fat??? I don't know about y'all but I enjoy fatty beef and I order fatty beef because it's fatty beef. If you don't want a fat beef then don't order a fat beef. Just saying.The meat and veggies are fresh. The broth was delicious. Definitely will be my go to spot for all you can eat hot potA must-go restaurant for hot pot. Make sure to get the Szechuan Spicy Butter Broth ($9.95 extra) - It's the authentic kind I have been looking for! Definitely worth the money. Lunch price is unbeatable too!We have set there for 40 minutes. The waiter choose to serve a group of 32 people who set after us to have hotpot first. Every waiter ignored us. All hotpot broths were ready for the 32 later arrived persons. However, the waiter didn't even serve us with water.  They only serve large group of people because their tips will be fixed to 25%. I am very disappointed, nobody serve you even with a cup of water. Every waiter is only focusing on the large group. So we went out 3 hours only eat a few beans for dinner. They only serve people by judging the possible tips firstly.ordered Shrimp fried rice it tasted so good and somehow it tasted lighter like not greasy at all compared to other places rice, but it was packed with so much flavor omgsh ! i'm deff ordering again !It is ok. Considering it is in between two colleges I guess most would rate it better but it was not memorable.  If I wanted hot pot in Philly I'd go to K'Pot or chubby cattle.  Skip itThis is the best hotpot spot I've ever been to! It's all you can eat and the staff re so so nice! The broths are amazing and there are a plethora of items to choose from and they are NOT stingy. I think I come here maybe once every two weeks and it's always so much better than the last time! You won't be disappointed by this HotPot spot!I have to admit, LaTao HotPot was definitely superb. I loved the experience. Very tasty and also wholesome. The people who work there are extremely sweet and welcoming. Definitely recommend this place!Good place to come for all you can eat hot pot! Lots of variety to order from and nice interior set up.I don't get this place. Maybe we just aren't in the know when it comes to hot pot.
Firstly, the booth is so uncomfortable. The giant steamer leaves no room under the table for people with legs.
Secondly, our server was mostly MIA. 
Thirdly, when he did appear he got my order wrong and tried to see if I wanted it anyway...um...NO!
Fourthly, my husband ordered his meal "mild" then proceeded to pick over 20 hot peppers out of it.
So, what am I missing. Don't care, we won't be back.The meat are unfresh. The beef tastes of seafood (unfresh!!) Although we stopped order beef in time, I threw up after eating here.
The environment is extremely unfriendly to kids. The waiter put the high chair close to the pot without notice!!!! It's hot!!!
Will never never eat here again!!!