The atmosphere of this place is fantastic. Very fancy inside, but it feels so weird to be eating casual food in such a nice restaurant. I got deluxe pho and my friend got a beef rice dish. Their food is very nicely prepared, but the taste is alright. the beef for the rice was very nicely marinated though. But my beef in my soup was alright. Definitely had better.
Other vietnamese restaurants have more bang for your buck. Maybe it's me getting used to eating casual food at casual restaurants. I probably won't be back because I know better pho places.I am very surprised I haven't reviewed this yet as I have been here at least half a dozen times. My five star review is based not only on my last visit but on all of my other visits as well! The atmosphere is great, service wonderful, portions generous, and food delicious - what more could you want?Very disappointing. The food was not flavorful at all. The only saving grace was that the decor was very modern and sleek. It is a nice change from the typical hole in the wall style of other Vietnamese restaurants in the area.
If you are trying to introduce someone who is new to Vietnamese cuisine and that person is not your most adventurous eater, Le Viet is a good choice. Otherwise, go to any other place on Washington and you'll have better food and more money in your wallet.Great authentic Vietnamese food, great ambiance and service, inexpensive.  I had clay pot ribs and the sauce was phenomenal.They have a 4.95 lunch special on weekdays if you eat in between 11am-3pm. The interior is swanky and it's far away enough from the typical office buildings that there isn't a crowd to battle during lunch.
I ordered the Bún Bò Nng Ch Giò and thankfully didn't have to try pronouncing it to the waiter, just pointed it out. It came out within a reasonable amount of time, they have an open kitchen so you can see the chefs working away. 
The food was well presented and used fresh, crisp ingredients. I burned my tongue on the hot and crispy egg roll and the noodles were a perfect texture. The waiters do a good job of being attentive but not hovering and letting you take your time.
I will say that Vietnamese restaurants usually load you up on portions but this one was surprisingly moderate. I didn't have that "stuffed to the gills" sensation that inevitably follows a bowl of pho at Nam Phuong. It's good for a light lunch but if you need something substantial, it's easy enough to order an additional appetizer considering the price of the entrees.That's how much we have left over, that should says all about the food. Very disappointed. The interior decoration is pretty and the staffs are friendly.Summary:
* It is difficult for me to rate this place "ok" since I love Vietnamese food.  Oh where, oh where can I find wholesome Vietnamese food that is delicately prepared with fresh ingredients to quench my longing for the taste of home cooking? 
* I like the service and the ambiance, both are inviting and energetic.
* Go here for the happy hour, to get the best value for the good small dishes and ok drinks.  
Food:
The different soups or noodles, and tofu plates are meh...just plain tasting and a disappointing imitation of what Vietnamese soup should taste like.  The happy hour food is actually not bad.  Cocktails are too sweet. Almost every drink is sweet -- so sweet that the desserts seem like palate cleansers. 
Location:
Good luck finding decent parking around dinner time.  
Service:
Great serviceThis place was a 5 star rating when it was BYOB, for me...let's just say after that went away I had to downgrade to 4 star rating. It's still a great place to go but that BYOB just really placed it on the top of my list. 
The atmosphere is modern, clean lines and cozy. The staff are very friendly and you do not feel rushed while dining, compared to other Viet restaurants in the area. When I come here, I do not order the Pho mainly because I feel that the Pho are just better at other Viet restaurants in the area but this restaurant serves up some really amazing sizzling, sauteed, stir fry, clay pot dishes that I have tasted. 
The quality of these other dishes are awesome, full of crab meat, giant shrimp and very filling dishes. Yes, the Pho may not do it for me but it's a great restaurant for other dishes that I crave and return to over and over and over again.All the dishes we ordered were very good. Speacially Beef chow fun. Staff was friendly and place was very clean. Thumbs up for the bathroom also very clean.My new favorite Vietnamese restaurant in Philly. The food is just so good and fresh. Appetizer pho? Yes, please!!! Definitely a step up in quality from nam phoeng without a noticeable diff in price. I'll be back for sure .When I first started coming here a couple years ago the Pork Sliders and Pho were awesome!! Now, I have tried 3 visits in last 4 months and Pho is super bland and Sliders barely have any meat in them. When I asked, they said they had a new chef.... I used to love this place, unfortunately my last visit will be my last visit. For GREAT Pho now, I go to 4204 Westfield in Pennsauken, I found it by accident and is easily worth the 15 minute extra car ride.... Very Flavorful! Good luck!AMAZING food, HUGE portions, friendly service, AFFORDABLE.  They have a vast array of choices. For a fun dish, try the Tom Nng, Banh Hoì (a make your own wrap which includes rice wrap with peanut sauce shrimp, angel vermicelli); for simple and yummy try Cm Chiên Tôm Cua (fried rice with crabmeat and shrimp); for vegetarian try Min Xào Cua (cellophane noodles, vegetable and Tofu).
The only bad thing I can say about this place is that I can't pronounce anything on their menu...totally coming back!
Bon Apetite!Service is bad here in the sense that the wait staff is inattentive. We ended up having to hail down a waiter shy time we wanted anything. Our friends appetizer came way after everyone else finished theirs and only after we asked about it. The same friend had their entree first as the rest of us waited. Service and timing is poor.
Decor is nice. Very sleek and modern. Surprisingly un-vietnamy (:-P) Almost too big if a space for them to manage.
Crab and shrimp rice was really good though. Big portion! 
Vietnamese cold spring rolls were tasty with a delicious peanut sauce.
Chicken that comes with the chicken with broken rice was well seasoned.
Food is pretty good here! Just the service is HORRIBLE and not even worth it.Hands down the best Vietnamese food in Philadelphia.  I live in NJ but went to college in Philly and had A LOT of oriental friends.  We must have tried every Vietnamese place in the city, especially in that area, and I can honestly say this is the best I've had so far.  Besides having the usual (pho, pork chops, etc.), they offer a lot of other dishes that you would be hard-pressed to find elsewhere.  I recommend the seafood fried rice (w/ lump crab meat...real crab meat ya'll!) or their pineapple salad if you're watching your weight.  Regardless, you really can't go wrong.
The service was also pretty good.  Maybe it's because they're all so young or that they're dressed in all black, I'm not sure, but our waiters/waitresses always seemed to be super fast.
I've also never been to a Vietnamese restaurant that nice before.  I wouldn't call it fancy but it is definitely a lot classier than the usual places that serve pho.  You may want to bring a date.  I did.  I'm not bragging, I'm just saying.One of the fanciest and trendiest Vietnamese restaurant I'v ever seen! Unless you see the name, you would think it's an non-Asian expensive restaurant, but once you look at the menu, you'd be surprised at the friendly prices of the food ($5~$10)! The food is a bit Americanized, but it's still a very nice and affordable place for a meal.God I miss the old staff and chef. Food used to be banging now it's all "let me Americanize everything on the menu". Great decor, more pricey than the others..... food..,, looks fancy just not as tastefully fancy to match. I think it's a good place to baby step your non viet friends to trying authentic viet food. But not recommended.Really good food, especially the sizzling ginger shrimp. This restaurant is kind of like the yuppie younger brother of Nam Phoung down the street. It's also good if you have a baby, as the seats are big and wide to put a stroller or baby seat in. I also like music, the other day I was eating dinner and they were playing deep cuts off of Radiohead's Kid A. Hearing "Morning Bell" while eating my Spring Roll was nice. The waiters are also cool as hell- 65% of them have Warby Parker glasses. You just don't see this kinda thing at the other Vietnamese restaurants in South Philly. This is what set this place apart and why they charge slightly higher prices than the other kitchen-style restaurants.I went here ti celebrate my cousin's birthday and the staff was just so nice and welcoming. The atmosphere was simple, hip, and amazing. There was not much I didn't like about this restaurant besides I've been hearing the pho may be a little salty. But the broken rice platters are awesome! If you order something here, there will be no doubt you would not leave with a satisfied smile on you face :) service here was great, food here was great, atmosphere was amazing. Nothing beats a clean stainless steal and marbled look! I'm really impressed and I can agree that this may be the best viet restaurant in Philly!Finally a Vietnamese restaurant that looks as good as their food tastes!
We went there for a late dinner Saturday night. We were seated right away. I started with a French Martini which was okay. I followed it with a dirty martini which was very satisfying and efficient. =) 
As far as food goes, we shared summer rolls and lotus salad both of which were very tasty. The lotus salad was especially refreshing. For entree, I got a bowl of pho which came in this HUGE bowl. It's enough for two meals! We were so full after the meal and I will definitely go back there again when I am in the mood for a good Vietnamese meal!I love this place. The vietnamese food is authentic, fresh, beautiful, fast, delicious and cheap. It is one of my favorite places in the city, and, because I live quite close, the restaurant I have been to most often. Which means I have tried most of the menu. The grilled pork with broken rice is a favorite. Any grilled pork dish here is excellent. Also love the BBQ Basa fish that is frequently on the specials. The stir-fried soft and spicy noodles with seafood is another fav. Try the pinapple, carrot and calamari salad for an appetizer, or La Viet's spring rolls. If you go at lunch, they have ten lunch selections that are a mere $5, including the grilled pork and broken rice. Portions are generous, and everything is served with fresh vegetables, so this is a real deal.
I saw another review panning this place for slow service. It can get crowded on a Friday night, and service is slower then, but, after having excellent service here at lunch and dinner at least once a week for the past year, I felt compelled to write my first Yelp review in defense of La Viet. The staff there is young and friendly, and the decor is sleek, very different from the other Vietnamese restaurants in the neighborhood.This place is so amazing. My boyfriend and I have been to about 4 or five different pho places and this is by far the best. They always have the best service beginning from the time you walk in to the time you leave. It's very clean. The food is great, i order beef broth with NO meat, butt add shrimp and most other places look at me weird and can't seem to grasp it haha La Viet always accommodates my order I love coming here after work.I absolutely love Le Viet! The service, food and decor are everything I could wish for in a restaurant and more. I have never had a bad experience at this restaurant. I enjoy the fact that it is very well kept, clean and the food is consistently tasty. I have recommended this place to many of my friends and coworkers.We came here because Pho Ha was closed for renovations and we have now decided Le Viet is our go-to spot. It doesn't look like your typical Viet place - 'no sri racha and hoisin and gratuitous condiments on the table, no bright lightning, etc. The staff seems younger but very knowledgeable on the menu.
Plating is great, food is utterly delicious. I can't wait to go back.Great lunch deals on weekdays from 11am to 3pm. Cool contemporary designs with pop music being played during lunch.This place has a different feel from many other Vietnamese restaurant I have been to in Philadelphia. As soon as you walk in you see a full bar to the left of the restaurant, and booths/table on the right side. The bar has TVs for those avid sports fans too. But I'm sure most people, come to Le Viet for the food. The decor/ambiance of the place is nice, can't complain. 
I came here with some friends for a late lunch. By that time it wasn't too crowded. I ordered the House special Pho which seemed really cliche, but the broth was well done, and the ingredients seemed more fresh than most restaurants I've had pho at. The time before that I had a Pork Chop rice dish which was tasty and filling as well. It just depends on what you are craving, but the menu has a wide selections of dishes and drinks to choose from. The portions on the dishes were not bad as well, and prices are reasonable. The service was good, our waitress was very courteous in taking our order, and the food came out fairly quick. 
One of my friends also ordered the House Special Pho, but decided to change his mind and the waitress was able to tell the chefs on the fly to change his order. He ended up ordering the Bun Rieu. That's restaurant efficiency for you. 
Le Viet was satisfying the 2nd time around, and more trips to come in the future for sure. Come here if you want to try some tasty Viet food in Philadelphia.Second visit good as the first. Here for lunch and had a special of ground shrimp in bean curd wrapper (perfect for my new gluten free life) over rice vermicelli.  Only $6.95.  Very yummy. Love the young guys on staff who are so hip. Tempted to buy their T shirt with slogan "may the PHO be with you."I love Vietnamese food.  I'm a regular at Nam Phuong, Vietnam Cafe, and Pho 75 but hadn't tried Le Viet until earlier this week.  The restaurant's design is strikingly more opulent and contemporary than other area Vietnamese restuarants leading me to fear the prices would be elevated as well, but the wonderfully assorted menu of classics and modern takes was priced completely competitively.  Our waiter Francis was perfect.  Warm, welcoming, attentive, offered terrific guidance to the restaurant's specialties, and checked in with us an ideal number of times throughout the meal.  We shared the Bun Bo Hue and a claypot with pork, shrimp, and quail egg.  Both were rich with great flavor and nicely proportioned.  The staff thoughtfully provided us with sharing bowls as well.  So many other items on the menu we want to return to try.  Definitely add this restaurant to your must-visit list, and if you can, bring a group, so you can indulge in as many items as possible!The servers both times were extremely helpful and excellent and explaining what was on the menu.  
I tried a few of the things on the menu that were outside of my comfort zone,  and absolutely loved them all.The place is nice and our server is very friendly but our Food is just ok nothing special!!! Do I want to come back?!? NO THANK U!!!Le Viet is a very convenient location for me and since most Vietnamese restaurants are the same, I would say Le Viet fulfills the expectations that most people would have about Vietnamese food. They used to have $5 lunch specials but they stopped that (hint, hint bring it back!). The fried tofu noodle entree is good and their pho is decent. Whatever you usually get at a Vietnamese restaurant will be satisfied here. Prices are average, $7-$8 per entree. The decor is really nice; the nicest I've ever seen in a Vietnamese restaurant, or just in general really. It makes me feel fancy while I'm getting my pho fix.This place seems to have gone down the tubes, unfortunately. My family has been eating here for years, but something has changed recently. We came on a Friday night and there was only 1 other group of people, so it was silent and almost completely void of atmosphere. There were obviously multiple servers working, but it took a long time before our drink order was taken. Another large, loud group came in halfway through our meal, and they were seated directly next to us...not a good move, seeing as the entire restaurant seating was available. The food was mediocre at best. It was hard to communicate with the staff. Dance music played the whole time. The servers were dressed overly casual, not even in all black. All this combined made for a very awkward and unpleasant night. Won't be coming back.Flavorless food, mediocre service, and RUDE manager. 
Pseudo "upscale" atmosphere with big black leather chairs (Home Goods style) and big vases of long stemmed flowers on the center half-wall, dim lighting, etc.. But this place is NOT classy.
I ordered beef Pho and split some chicken wings appetizer that supposedly used the chefs private recipe....meh. A
My PHO arrived. It was flavorless and the noodles were cooked poorly. I love Pho and get it frequently from other area vietnamese joints. Needless to say, I was very disappointed. How hard is it to make good broth? The only seasoning on the table was sriracha sauce so it was difficult to fix up my broth on my own, especially because Le Viet skimped on the basil, bean sprout, and jalapeno sides. I sent it back but the waiter kept it on the bill, when I asked him to remove the Pho from the bill, he began to argue with me about it! I stopped and said "Are you arguing with me?" He went to get the manager, the manager took his time (10 minutes at LeasT) and then came over, came up to me, and asked what was the problem was....and proceeded to argue with me and tell me Le Viet was not one of those restaurants where you can send something back. WTF? So he scolded me, argued with me, and generally insulted me meanwhile holding a corrected bill the entire time which he hastily left on the table. 
Restaurants should be thankful when someone sends something back because it is information to use in order to improve service, food quality, etc. 
Instead, Le Viet used the opportunity to alienate customers. Myself, my guest, and any other patrons who witnessed the exchanges. I also think that if I had been a man in a business suit or any adult male, he would not have acted so rudely.
Bet this place closes by next year.If you love Vietnamese food and hip trendy city vibe, this place is perfect. Perfect for date night or going out with the girls.  It would be an inexpensive night out too since the price is very reasonable!  
They also have $5 pho during lunch which is pretty awesome!  You know the price of pho use to be this low but it keeps creeping up like crazy and now they're 8-10 bucks!  Oh my! 
Anyways, I'm so excited to be coming here for paint nite for girls night!  Nothing  better than a nice drink, great vibe, and some buzz painting.Best $6 appetizer I've ever had.
Le Viet is so far above it's competition that it's almost laughable. Every element by which I rate restaurants is a solid five stars. Let's briefly survey each, shall we?
First and foremost, the food is incredible.  The sliders (beef, pork, or chicken), which were offered on special for $6, are possibly one of the best bites in the city. They have every flavour, texture, and general quality one would want in top flight dishes: sweet, heat, crunch, softness, great colour, perfect portion.  This is a must try.  The catfish clay pot also beautifully balances the brilliant complexity of this region's cuisine. Other honourable mentions include, the lime/salt&pepper sauce, and the quail eggs. 
The service is outstanding.  The whole staff works as a team, and everyone is as knowledgable as they are friendly. They were happy to help me pronounce the dishes correctly, so that I might do them the courtesy of ordering properly when I next return. 
The decor may be a half-click under 'Raw' or 'Mikado'. The interior is clean, and sleek. A clear shot of the kitchen is made visible, which always inspires confidence in my book. It's appropriately nice without being posh. 
The most fantastic part of the Le Viet experience, is that it's no more expensive than any of the other 2-3 star pho joints on Washington Ave.  I'm not served any mystery meats...I don't have to fish tripe or gristle out of my bowl, and there are no screaming children running about al la Pho Ha.  - Tangent: Your children are not cute. A big wheels does not belong in a restaurant. No one enjoys screaming while they eat. Daycare and the family business are not synonymous. End Tangent -  I'd like to offer a mantra to Le Viet, if they would have it..."La Viet, we' re not more expensive, just better."  Try as soon as possible.We came here for their restaurant week promotion and the experience was very meh. Although it was a Saturday night the staff seemed completely overwhelmed with the almost full restaurant. I really wanted to like this place because the decor and ambience were definitely a step above but the food wasn't good. I ordered  the spring rolls which were average and the lemongrass tofu as an entree. The tofu was the only item on that section listed as spicy which was one of the reasons I choose it. I spent 15 minutes attempting to get some sriracha because the dish was not spicy at all. I also had trouble getting a second beer and we waited a full 20 minutes after finishing the entrees to have the dishes cleared. It seems like people really enjoy this place so perhaps it was an off night. However our 2 person meal took a full 2 hours and was not worth the time or money.First off, atmosphere here is amazing. The restaurant is clean and there's a window where you could see into the kitchen and watch the kitchen staff making your food. The chef here... I want him to cook for every event I go to lol. Seriously. I've been here twice now and let me tell you their food is legit. Everything I have had has been delicious.Le Viet is not your every day run of the mill traditional Vietnamese restaurant.  Its modern décor informs about the approach the kitchen takes to its menu.  It too, is modern and uniquely different from most of the other ethnic houses in this community.  If you want a break from Pho and Broken Rice (or even if you don't), but desire creativity and great distinctive flavor, this is your destination of choice.  
I had read the reviews, but was still very pleasantly surprised by the attention to comfort and privacy afforded here.  Booths with high back benches separating us from our dining neighbors.  Dark woody tones with high ceilings and subdued lighting. Glass vases, mirrors behind the bar, and extended front wall to let an image of the city enter, but keep us hidden within.  A place for a date. 
We ordered #s 9 and 70 - Pineapple Salad appetizer and Short Ribs roasted in a clay pot.  Both were exceptional.  The App came in a hollowed out half Pineapple, loaded with fresh Fruit, raw Calamari, spicy Shrimp, and assorted sidekick Veggies, all held together with a Lime and Pineapple Juice base with an assist from a good Fish Sauce. It was delicious. It wasn't Cerviche, but suggested that style.  When the solids were consumed, we asked for spoons so we could drink the sauce remaining in the bottom of the pineapple.  I could have had that for a cocktail if mixed with a little light rum. 
The Short Ribs had been torched to a dark burn, so that everything else in the clay pot had been caramelized into a thick glazy gravy that was hot with a hint of sweet.  The meat was easily liberated from the bone and also captured that intense taste.  We loved it.  
If there was a weakness it came from the bar that prepared the Mai Tai we requested.  I envisioned a Trader Vic's drink, full of orange, pineapple and lime juice, two rums, coconut liquor, and Grenadine.  Aside from a squirt of lime and a pour of Grenadine and Light Rum, the other ingredients were absent, making for a thin drink lacking its soul.  Next time, we skip the drinks. 
Otherwise, this was a top notch meal.  It was a great alternative to the usual stops on Philly-Saigon-Hanoi dinner train.Great spot 
Decor ambience all around great place for some authentic or what I believe to be authentic Vietnamese food!!! Friendly staff to add to this great spot 
Will be back soon 
Thanks for a great experienceIt takes a lot to make a group of four laid back people get up and walk out of a restaurant in a storming rage... Le Viet was able to do just this. I have been here more than a couple times and the service has been consistently mediocre, but never was it as bad as this past Friday, the last time I'll ever go there again... 
In short, this restaurant clearly does not understand the meaning of service and their food is not good enough to justify putting up with the bs. You'd think with their "fancy" atmosphere and the fact that they serve most of the same Vietnamese food you can get across the street for cheaper, that service would be something they would emphasize in the dining experience...WRONG.
Our party of four ordered an appetizer and 4 entrees- 2 vermecelli bowls, pho and a stir fry. 
First came the appetizer, a Vietnamese crepe filled with veggies and pork. They gave us one that had been sitting on the pick up counter for 10 mins or so before we even ordered (I saw this because we were sitting at the closest table to the counter). This is a dish that should be made fresh, it was lukewarm and the crepe was overstuffed with bean sprouts and sorta soggy- it was OK at best. I was willing to let this slide, though definitely not cool.
My friend got his stir fry first, a solid 20 minutes after the appetizer had been cleared away. Perplexed, we waited for our food, figuring it was just a busy night hold up. Then another friend got his vermecelli bowl about 15 minutes later... 5 minutes later the Pho finally came to our table.  It seems to me that vermecelli noodle bowl and Pho are probably two of the easiest things to prepare yet took half an hour to get to our table after we had an appetizer. Also, how do you make one vermecelli bowl for a table without making the other?! That still left me with no food. As my three friends sat politely with entrees in varying stages of cooling down, we tried to make conversation to not think about how enraged we were getting (especially me). 
After about 15 more minutes of waiting, I went up and talked to the manager who gave me a lame excuse (a large group, blah blah), told me my food was on the way and that he would take it off the bill. Of course we waited, watching many other dishes come out of the kitchen and seeing a couple who sat down after us eat, pay and leave. Finally, we all reached a breaking point and decided f this. We asked for the bill for the crepe since nobody ate any of their food waiting for me- instead they gave us a bill for 3 entrees. We dropped $8 cash for the crepe and walked out. 
I have never walked out of a restaurant like that before, I thought only difficult people and assholes did stuff like that, but this was seriously the worst dining experience I have ever had and maybe they need a wake up call on how to run a restaurant. The apathetic/smug staff was entirely unapologetic and seemed annoyed that we were even asking about when our food would come out.  
SKIP the bs at Le Viet and go to Nam Phuong across the street or any of the joints across the street for that matter. Same food, quick service, better prices, no attitudes, you won't have to wait an hour for everyone to get their entree and best of all you won't storm out of the restaurant pissed off and hungry.It is true that the area of 11th and Washington does not have a shortage of Vietnamese restaurants.  Still, Le Viet is a welcome addition to the neighborhood-- the nearby places are great for take-out, Le Viet is the place to sit down and savor.
Our waiter started the meal by asking if we wanted to be adventurous, or not too adventurous.  We took half his recommendations, making for a semi-adventurous meal.  The spring rolls were fresh and snappy, with thick peanut sauce on the side.  The duck in a clay pot was also nice, chewy but still tender.  The highlight of the meal was the shaken spicy beef, perfectly cooked and served over watercress.
It's true Le Viet is a little more expensive than its southern neighbors, but you pay a few dollars more per plate for much more ambience, I'll definitely be back.There are tons of Vietnamese options on near Washington Avenue, but Le Viet is kind of in a category of its own.  It's upscale, clean, and has an awesome cocktail menu.  It's been about 10 years since I've been to Vietnam, but the food seemed rather authentic based on my travel experience.  We were able to grab a table here the other night right away and our server was very efficient.  He let me know exactly what I could and couldn't have from the menu because of my allergies and then he gave us a good idea about the spice level for each dish.  I went with a very standard chicken and vegetable medley, but I definitely enjoyed it.  My significant other had a wonderful smelling curry hot pot that he finished off with thai chilis (no worries, he lived to tell the tale).  The drinks did take a little long to get to our table, but they were decent, so I think they were worth the wait.3.5 / 5
I've grown up eating Vietnamese food both at home and in restaurants, so I  have a good idea what to expect at a Vietnamese Restaurant. Le Viet was a little different. Instead of traditional Vietnamese music and decor, the interior is very hip, and best of all, clean. It threw off my parents because they were expecting something a little more traditional, but I enjoyed it.
We ordered the Banh Xeo (the crepe appetizer) and the Bun Thit Nuong Cha Gio (Vermicelli noodles with marinated grilled pork and egg rolls). The banh xeo was a bit on the oily side, although I have had it more greasy in other restaurants, but it came with so many delicious and fresh veggies which made up for it. The bun thit nuong was my favorite-- the grilled pork was very flavorful and egg rolls were perfect. The noodles were a tad dry according to my mom, but otherwise, the dish had both mine and my parents' approval.A friend recommended this place, yesterday i decided to go with my daughter to have lunch. We got there (12pm) ordered the drinks and food, while waiting more people showed up. 
5-10 minutes passed we didn't have a glass of water on our table, however the people behind us, who came after us, got already their drinks and some started getting their food. I asked the server why we didn't even get the water, no answer, i asked to speak to the manager, they told me the manager wasn't here. I asked the server again why some people who came after us started getting their food, and we didn't even get a glass of water. The server apologized but didn't answer my question. By then it was too late, i was already annoyed, and left. I may give them a second chance, and will let you know.High quality Vietnamese food with friendly and helpful service. Ginger shrimp and (special that day) Shanghai noodles were both excellent. We've brought friends here on several occasions and have never been disappointed by the food or wine from their bar.Really loved it here! It has more of a modern feel and very comfortable. The service was very friendly and extremely courteous. 
The quail was one of the best Ive ever had. And the sauce that came with the quail was amazing!!! The Shrimp mo and Crab rice bowl was very filling and delicious. 
The presentation of each dish was perfect. 
for dessert...the Flan was so mouthwatering scrumptious and to die for. Plus the dessert spring rolls with sweet cream cheese and fresh fruit were worth every bite!Great atmosphere, food and wait staff. 
We will be back to try more of the menu ASAP!I've eaten here a couple times and have been happy with the food and service is very attentive. Their bún riêu and pho are pretty good.  My favorite is their pho lunch special... great price, portion, and the broth is delicious. It's hard to find a good pho place nowadays that don't over charge! I also like that the restaurant is very clean.Used to be my fav place to eat pho. Now they changed the chief. Pho does not taste as good as before. and i would never go back there again :((Growing up in a Vietnamese household, I am very picky about what I eat when I go out to Vietnamese restaurants.  I always compare everything to my mom's cooking and whether it's too bland or has been Americanized.
Le Viet is pretty close to hitting home.  They have dishes that are not found on any other area restaurant's menus, and they taste pretty authentic.  We started with the minced clams with crisps, a dish my mom had made before that I have never seen on any other menu.  Then, I had the thit kho, or pork claypot, which I have tried at every restaurant that offers it, and while the flavors were not at strong as mom's, it was pretty close, and a huge portion.   The boyfriend had cari ga, or curried chicken in broth, which came with the option of noodles, rice or bread.  He chose the noodles, and while it came out weirdly arranged (noodles plated on 1 dish, soupy cari ga in a bowl ready to overflow - how are you supposed to eat it?), it was tasty.
The pluses of Le Viet is that the interior is nicer than any other Vietnamese restaurant in town.  Sometimes I am afraid my out of town friends will be scared by the interiors of the other Vietnamese places.  Le Viet will be getting a liquor license (it was BYOB when I went) with a fully stocked bar.  For a few more dollars per dish, it is worth the treat to sit in a very beautifully decorated and clean restaurant.  The servers were knowledgeable and friendly
All in all, Le Viet serves good food, has a nice atmosphere to bring out of towners to, and is conveniently located.  Try the minced clams appetizer because you can't find it anywhere else!I don't understand why they only have 3 and half stars .. That's nonsense !!! This place is the sh$& !!!! Great viet food .. Really clean nice environment..and the staff is great ... Thumbs up all the way around !! I've been to many vietnamese restaurants and this by far is my favorite oneAllow me to preface this review by saying that I am server who has grown up in this industry considering my family has owned restaurants since before I was born so I have an extremely high level of tolerance towards restaurant mishaps and bullshit. Unfortunately, we all have our breaking point and last night I can honestly say that I had the absolute WORST dining experience of my life. 
My friends had been raving about Le Viet for awhile now, so when it was suggested that we try it out I was extremely excited and looked forward to what I was assured was going to be an excellent meal. The menu itself is extensive and we all had a seriously hard time deciding on what to get because everything sounded delicious and was reasonably priced. Ultimately, my 3 friends and I decided to share the pork crepe as an appetizer and chicken stir fry, house special pho, and 2 vermicelli bowls as entrees. Our crepe came out super quickly, which kind of weirded us out because it seemed almost too quick, but it was alright. My friends loved it, I thought it was ok, but it was a decent way to start off what could've been a good meal. Unfortunately it was alllllll down hill from there. 
After waiting about 20 minutes, my one friend's chicken stir fry came out and it looked and smelled delicious. We assumed that ours would be out shortly since they were busy, but that turned out to be incorrect. After another 15 minutes of waiting, the first of two vermicelli bowls arrived. Another 5 minutes later, my bowl of pho arrived. For those keeping score, the chicken stir fry had been out for 20 minutes by that point and was cold. We approached our server several times about the timing of the food and where the final vermicelli bowl was and we were assured that it would be out shortly. 15 minutes later (and watching countless other vermicelli bowls go out), the last entree still never arrived. My friend approached the manager and he again assured her that her bowl would be out shortly and that her meal would be comped. 10 minutes later, it still wasn't there. I approached the manager and simply asked for the bill for the crepe since all of our entrees were freezing by that point and the last one STILL had yet to arrive. When the bill arrived, everything EXCEPT for the crepe was on there. Fed up, we paid 8 dollars for the bill and left (which is something I've never done before but seriously, it was warrented in this case). The final vermicelli bowl had still yet to arrive at that point.
I have never experienced a kitchen or floor staff being managed so inefficiently. The excuse we were given from the manager is that there was a large party (who arrived after we had already placed our order) and they kept ordering complex dishes sporadically. Now like I said, I am but a meager server and have never been a line cook but I know how kitchens work and I know that you make the tickets in the order in which they arrive so situations like the one we experienced do not happen. Along with that, we saw several tables get seated after we were and finish their meals before we left. To add insult to injury, the server and manager were annoyed at US for bringing up these issues. We waited almost an hour for our entire meal to arrive and it never did. To expect us to pay for a meal that we did not eat because it was cold and did not come out in an orderly fashion due to you prioritizing other tables instead of making the food tickets like any other kitchen in the world is absurd and ridiculous. The manager clearly has no idea how to manage a floor staff, kitchen, and a restaurant. 
Is the food good? Probably, which is annoying because I would've loved to try an entire meal. This place, though...I have never experienced something so awful in my life. Do yourself a favor and NEVER go here.South Philly, PA
Pho base soup is bland a tad bit and not much meat like other places, so is 2 star for me. Im picky on soup bases. Service was pretty cool even for take out. 5 star. Young asian professionals type of crowd for service, unlike other pho places where they don't speak much English or tend to be more tradition crowd serving you.  Atmosphere, pretty decent. 4.25 star. Will be back for pop wings (aka Korean bonchon chicken) one day; not bad for $6. Beef cubes with stir  fried onions look interesting for my beef craving days. This might be a nice a chit chat gathering place with the girls on weekdays cus it seems like a peaceful & chic atmosphere when I went. Privacy. LOL ;-) Never drove this way and never knew this spot was even here. Thanks Yelp! However, parking might be an issue. 
 Do they have banh mi and bubble tea or anything fruity drinks here?Had a craving for some Pho but didn't want to sit in an un-air conditioned building while slurping a piping hot bowl of soup in July. So, I checked out this place instead of the ones further down Washington on Sixth Street.
The environment and ambiance was very nicely done, and would look very chic at night. The host and waitress were very polite and thorough with our orders and seating preferences. They have a great lunch deal for $5 from 11a-3p that has just about anything you could want. The Pho took awhile to come out, which was weird because it's always ready in the back. But it was a good bowl, Steak mixed with other kinds of steak. The noodles were excellent, but the broth a bit too salty. Overall I was pleased with the food and impressed with the service. Until our baby started screaming then they really wanted us to leave, but that's understandable. It echoes in there, LOUDLY.I love their Sautee baby clams, it's so flavorflul. Lunch special is afordable and tastely. Server are friendly and acoomodting. Been here many times and will recommened to my friends.Le Viet has been my local spot to come eat lunch for two years. I was a senior in high school when I came here for the first time. It was so convenient because it was a minute walk from the school and they had their $6 lunch special before 3. I should mention that I have only come here for their lunch special. I would come everyday, or at least every other day after school. I would alternate between rice dishes, beef chow fun, and Singapore noodles. I have tried the pho as well. All of the dishes are very good. For a $6 meal, the portion size is good. Customer service here is great. I've been here so many times, and not once did I have an issue with the workers. The interior of the place itself is very cozy, and spaced out. I don't usually mention bathrooms but their bathrooms are very clean as well.I came here with two girlfriends one time because my friend worked for a publishing company who worked for the restaurant. We wanted to try it and took one of our friends who has never had Vietnamese food before. It was her first time having viet food, ever. We got the spring rolls to start with because our friend couldn't eat meat. We asked recommendations about the menu because it was our first time and the server recommended us some of their most popular dishes. 
We also got drinks, since they do have a full bar and signature drinks. Their drinks were delicious. We all got pho dishes and they were so big that we could barely finish them. I think I had a lot leftover. I'd have to say their pho is pretty good, but it's so Americanized that I prefer one of those more authentic pho places. 
In the end, we needed a cab to get back to university city and one of the servers nicely got a cab for us since it's hard to hail a cab in that area. The experience was definitely nice and I'd definitely come back another day.$5.95 for lunch specials... and they are all delicious. I know this is a Vietnamese restaurant and their Vietnamese food is awesome..... but my personal favorite is the beef chow fun. It is nothing like the beef chow fun at a chinese restaurant. The unique flavor is hard to describe - a little sweet, subtle, but flavorful... maybe oniony? It is a must try!! Also really love their rainbow ice dessert (che ba mau) but it is not always available :-(  I highly recommend this restaurant... it is one of my favorites and I always make time to go when I am in the area.  Have never been disappointed by the food and the service is great!!It's good.  A little pricy, but you're paying for the ambiance.  The portions are smaller than the not-so-fancy places in South Philly, especially the pho.  The food is a little Americanized, but not too much.  The bo luc lac (beef cubes) are very good.I have eaten here 4 times. They used to have a great lunch special. Now they don't . The food is good. The restaurant is pretty. Why do I feel so disappointed . Seems I should like it more.Definitely better than an average Asian place on/around Washington Ave, but I am not sure all the foodies would rave about it. If they think their food doesn't taste good enough without sugar and MSG, perhaps it doesn't? I noticed striving to be creative but I haven't noticed a passion for quality of ingredients.This is a place to get pho when you wanna go somewhere fancy! This place was on the other side of the spectrum compared to all other pho places. This place was clean, modern, and very sophisticated in decor. Very impressive. Lots of seating for small and big parties. 
Instead of pho, I decided to try their beef stew. Why not? It was cold, dreary day, and I wanted to try something new. Interestingly enough, they brought out the same accoutrements that they would bring for pho, including lime. ?? Didn't get that part, but decided to pour on my bean sprouts and basil. I did noticed that the broth was on the oily side. Other than that, the stew was delicious! Chunks of beef and carrots. A Vietnamese version of an American classic.
By the way, those pho bowls were ginormous! My biggest concern was parking! It was tough to find a spot, since there aren't many spots in front of the restaurant. But don't worry, your meal will be worth it!
I'll be back!I love this place! It's directly across from my building which sees me eating here once a week. The staff are super attentive and friendly as is the owner. The food is great (only reason I deducted one star is the salt levels are way too high), freshly prepared and varied and the beer is cold. The place is well maintained and their happy hour is extremely good value. My favorite Vietnamese in Philly.Fantastic Pop Wings. Has a very rich flavor to it. Can't remember the last time I loved eating wings! But these are a must try. 
'My Xao Gion Mem' tastes a lot like the American chop suey (indo chinese cuisine). But the sauce is better. 
We have food delivered from this place and it is pretty quick.This has become our regular pho spot in Philly. We'd tried several places but keep coming back here. The pho is so flavorful and steaming hot when delivered to the table. Even after our first visit the staff remembered us and they provide great service. If you're looking for nice atmosphere you'll find it here! Modern decor, a fully stocked bar, tvs, and a great open layout create a comfortable yet classy feel. We'll continue to come back!Delicious and reasonably priced. Good service. We had happy hour drinks for $3-5, apps for $3 and entrees for $8. We had pork and chicken bun. Delicious. I always wish meat were less fatty and chewy; this was no exception. It was delicious, though. Next time I might try the tofu.Fancy pho!!  Very clean and modern compared to the other popular Washington Ave spots. Pho was good, service is always great. Get on their text list for free stuff and specials.We loved the look of the place, as it's so much better decorated than most, but the food was uneven.  The appetizers (summer rolls and sliders) were quite good, but the main courses were terrible--very fatty.I was really disappointed with this restaurant. Looking at the menu and reviews, I was hopeful that the food would be more authentic than it was. After living in Hanoi, Vietnam, for over a year, I developed a serious love for northern Vietnamese cuisine. My favorite dish is Bun Rieu Cua, and I was excited to see it on the menu here. 
The Bun Rieu Ha Noi was NOTHING like it should be, and I was extremely disappointed with the broth, presentation, and taste of the dish. It was too sweet and, quite frankly, disgusting. They also do not have pickled garlic, which is a staple on every street food table in Hanoi. 
I would not recommend this restaurant to anyone looking for authentic Vietnamese cuisine.Really loved it here! It has more of a modern feel and very comfortable. The service was very friendly and extremely courteous. 
The quail was one of the best Ive ever had. And the sauce that came with the quail was amazing!!! The Shrimp mo and Crab rice bowl was very filling and delicious. 
The presentation of each dish was perfect. 
for dessert...the Flan was so mouthwatering scrumptious and to die for. Plus the dessert spring rolls with sweet cream cheese and fresh fruit were worth every bite!We had a party here celebrating two birthdays. The food was excellent and the staff accommodated our large group of 12. 
One minor mishap, one person got served the wrong clay pot. The server delivered the right clay pot to her, so my friend gave the remainder of what she hadn't eaten to the guy who did order it - then the server came back to the table and it back from him because we "weren't paying for it." Kinda weird - aren't they just going to throw it away?
Also we were not allowed to pay with more than 2 credit cards - but they did split our checks for us which was nice. Luckily for those of us who did not bring cash, there is a CVS next door with an ATM. Le Viet beef slider for an appetizer was tasty, as was the beef chow fun. BF enjoyed his pho with crab, vermicelli and pork balls. The Grilled Shrimp broken rice plate was pretty tasty too. A couple of friends shared the "scorpion's tail" fishbowl which was a concoction of many liquors with pineapple juice and grenadine; I think they were pretty drunk.Prices of a hole in the wall pho restaurant but its really cool inside. Also all the wait staff are awesome and super friendly. Perfect place to impress a date or a friend.We ate here for the first time last Sunday night and we will definitely be coming back! The food was fresh and delicious, and the ambiance was modern and cool. A def find right off Washington ave. We highly recommend trying Le viet!If you are tired of all the bare bones Vietnamese eateries around South Philly with their tasty food but nonexistent service and décor, you need to eat here! Le Viet may not serve the best pho you have ever tasted, but there are plenty of reasons to visit this classy little gem.  While not pricey, instead of the standard drop popcorn ceilings and neon signs, Le Viet has a an actual proper dining room, sleek and minimalist, with glass tile walls, dark paneling, and black upholstered booths.  Also, in lieu of the usual brusque "set it and forget it" service, Le Viet has opted for attentive, hip, young waiters who--aside from their friendliness and skills--seem to have been hired for their ability to look extremely cool in horn-rimmed glasses. 
The food is good here. The rice plates and pho are comparable to what you would get at similar eateries around 11th street, and that is a good thing.  Some items that stand out are the Hen Xuc Banh Da  appetizer--baby clams, ground beef and peanuts served in a sesame rice cracker--my boyfriend and I fight over the last few bites--and the Pop's wings, incredibly tasty and crispy wings that are about 1,000 times better than wings other places (except Sammy Chon's!) 
They also do a happy hour at the bar during the week with drink and food specials, although their regular menu is very reasonably priced as well.I love this place! I used to be a dedicated Nam Phuong eater but since eating at Le Viet I am completely converted. The restaurant is cleaner, the staff is friendlier and more attentive, and the food is way better! 
My bf and I eat here at least once a week. Everything we've had so far is amazing and affordable. I recommend anything with the grilled pork. Including the tacos (odd I know. but SO good). Check it out!This is a beautiful restaurant. The staff is great, and the food is good. It's easy enough to find free parking nearby, and the prices are nice.  I am surprised that more people don't talk about this place; maybe it is a hidden gem.  I'd like to see more vegan options.Stay away from this place.
Father's Day I ordered takeout at 610 and was told 25 mins for the food. My family including an aunt, cousin and 92 year old grandmother was coming over at 630 for dinner. We live less than a 2 min drive away so it'd be easy to sneak out, pick it up and get back quickly. We did not get our food until 7 pm as my family and 92 year old grandma waited to eat dinner.
In addition, they asked for a credit card number to keep on file. I'm not exactly comfortable giving that kind of information to someone over the phone. Since I was going to do it, I just asked them to charge it so I could just run in, sign for it and go to save some time. They couldn't do that for whatever reason so I'm not sure what the point of even giving it was. On top of that, the guy on the phone had no idea what was going on when I asked questions about the menu. I was put on hold about 3 times so he could ask someone else. By the second time, you'd think he'd just give that person the phone.
The icing on the cake was that we ordered the steam fish. Something my dad loves. We were told it would feed about 6 people and it had a market price of $40. It definitely would not feed 6 people. Maybe 4 at the very most. We ended up not ordering enough food for everyone and I had to cook more on my own so everyone felt full. On top of that, the fish was terrible. There was absolutely no flavor at all. No salt, no pepper, just no spices of any kind.
I never say to not go to a place, especially privately/family owned places considering my aunt and uncle own a restaurant as well and I grew up knowing how much work it is, but when you are this bad at treating your customers, I say stay away.Their Hen Xúc Bánh a (sauté baby clams with rice cracker) is one of the best dish ever. This dish is absolutely amazing here and I can never have enough of it. Their food is solid and delicious. Love it!I really enjoyed Le Viet.  Now, I have to admit, this was my first time eating Vietnamese food, but I would definitely try it again.  There were a lot of vegetarian options, which is nice, I'm usually stuck with one or two things.  I got a vermicelli bowl and I really enjoyed it.  Our waiter was a little weird.  Mind you, not bad, just sort of strange.  He kept pushing my friend to order a cocktail.  
My only complaint is that towards the end of the meal, I feel like they sort of forgot about us because it took forever to get our check.  But other than that, I was not disappointed.  I would return and I would recommend Le Viet to others.The decor was very nice, clean and modern, which compared to the two other Vietnamese restaurants, was a nice surprise. It wasn't greasy and dirty like the others. The food was very good and tasty, and the service was very good. I would recommend this place for a more romantic place to dine!Loved it!  Everything we had was tasty, cheap, and decent portions!  Maybe not the most "authentic", but a solid go-to in the neighborhood.  I especially enjoyed the non-alcoholic pina colada drink - I could drink that for days.