If smoke inhalation is one of your favorite hobbies, then definitely go to Le Bus. The food was decent but my eyes are still burning from the wall of smoke that surrounded us the entire time we were eating dinner. No one that worked there cared! Clearly they think it's normal to deal with a room filled with smoke or it's normal to ignore customer requests to open a window or a door. If youre in the ventilation industry, pay this joint a visit.I am not one for long negative reviews but I have not been this disappointed by a meal in a very long time. Came here for an anniversary dinner and both me and my fiancé could not wait to leave. Minutes or less after sitting down the waiter asked for our full order which I understand if the place is busy and for time purposes but it was not busy and it was to the point of feeling very rushed. Never introduced himself , barely greeted and just kind of made things feel pressured right after we sat down.
We ordered the crispy wings which no lie tasted like they were rolled in garlic with no other flavor. Consistency was great but we could not finish them because of how much garlic was used. I ordered a drink that was terrible to the point that I just didn't drink it.
Our entrees were not bad but the "brioche" bun for my burger came out as a flattened soft bun and not what a typical brioche bun would be. The slaw that came with the burger was again overpowered with garlic and to top everything off we really didn't see our waiter after placing our order. Had to ask him to take our appetizer plates away. Was really looking forward to a nice anniversary dinner but we will not be returning.Much needed and appreciated brunch spot in East Falls! Made a reservation today for brunch and was seated very quickly (despite it being their grand opening weekend!) Draft/bottle/can list were all stellar and the cocktail menu was straight out of a high class mixology bar (plus $7 bottomless mimosas)!!! I ordered Brisket Bennedict. Food came fast and bread for the table was a nice touch. Eggs were poached perfectly and the hollandaise and brisket were awesome! Heading back soon to takcle dinner and drinks!We have been regulars at Le Bus for years, and couldn't wait to try this location.   We were among the first customers to arrive for brunch today at 9:15.  When we walked in, the hostess asked us if we had reservations. RESERVATIONS???  I didn't think ANY brunch spots took reservations.  We were accustomed to really long waits at the popular hipster spots, which is why we arrived so early this morning. Anyway.... this was good to know.
I ordered the stuffed french toast rolls and my fiance' ordered the vegan pancakes.  He loved his pancakes, and I thought my french toast rolls were ok.  I think I would prefer regular french toast to the "rolls", but they weren't bad.   
Anyway... I love the decor at this Le Bus. It was pretty cozy. Loved the ambience, as well. I hate a noisy restaurant first thing in the morning, and none of the patrons were being overly loud, as the place filled up.
Service was good, just like the other Le Bus location.This place seems to be popular and it was crowded the night we went there, so this review probably represents a minority viewpoint. Put it this way: The bread, butter and water were fine; the hummus was okay; and everything else was not good. From the tepid, yucky cocktail called "Reformation," to the Thai Turkey Salad that came absolutely drenched in bad dressing and had nothing to do with Thailand, to the oddly tasteless Coconut Mussels, to the utterly boring Seared Salmon Nicoise with way-undercooked potatoes and thin, watery dressing, to the so-called Peach Cobbler that could have come out of the Tastykake industrial kitchens . . . to us, it was a failure on all fronts. Our advice would be: Stick with the concept but turn the execution upside-down until you're able to produce good, simple cooking (have a few meals at Marathon,19th and Spruce, to see how it should and could be done).Excited to add this spot to my list of frequent visits! Place looks great, service was friendly and we got our food quickly.  Everything was good, but looking forward to trying more options and picking out my favorites.I would give 3.5 stars if I could. I have visited Le Bus three times now, twice for brunch and once for dinner. The brunch food has been delicious and the burgers at dinner were pretty tasty. The atmosphere is lovely, but the service leaves a lot to be desired. We are always having to chase our waiter down for water, salt and pepper, or sides we ordered that never came out. I also feel like the staff are very unprofessional and have a bad attitude like they would rather be doing anything else but taking my order. We love the pancakes at brunch and the egg dishes have been tasty, but I think the staff need a strong manager who will run a tighter ship.I called for an order to go, the woman who answered was very abrupt I wanted the PoBoy she said it was only on the lunch menu and that ends at 3:00 pm it was 3:12 pm. She said they were really busy. I ordered a burger when I got home with my order the fries were either soggy or burnt.  The order seemed like it was thrown together.   Perhaps they had been busy I will give them a 2nd chance, prices were reasonable. Decor was pleasant,Good food.  Great interior design. Welcoming and comfortable. Nice outdoor seating. A true European style morning. Delicious coffee with warm chocolate croissants  and blueberry muffins.  It took awhile to seat us at an empty outdoor section, but the pleasant waiter more then made up for the wait with his pleasant attitude.Love this place . All dishes are yummy . I love beet salad the most . It is clean place with beautiful plants and pictures around . service is great and everyone is polite .Where to start?
I've been here 5 times. Here's my summary:
(1) service is really poor. My family visited once and I called le bus to ask when the closes . They told me 10pm. We got there at 9:30pm and was told kitchen closed and no food is being serviced. Le bus - don't lie to customers and update the times on Yelp and Google listings. 
(2) food is sometimes good (burgers are fine) and also really really a miss. For example, got soup one time and it tasted like dirty water. 
I hesitated and waited to leave a bad review. Wanted to give this place enough of a shot since it's new and I know how bad reviews can impact new customers from coming. 
But, this place just isn't worth it.Had high expectations, and maybe I shouldn't have had.
I really really wanted this place to work for us, but it didn't really. It is not a "crash and burn" situation, just an attempt that still needs honing.
In a nutshell, everything we ordered was over done with spices and ingredients. Example- a simple dish like the Salmon Gravlax where the salmon is perfect, the cream cheese and chives as well... but then, the slaw with huge amounts of garlic, the fried onions on the Le Bus Bialy and nothing neutral to balance it, made it impossible to eat. Ended up eating the salmon almost by itself. The Creole shrimp on polenta is actually on corn bread, and is super creamy, and the shrimp still with tail on. Taking the tail off when the dish is a cream sauce is daunting and hard to do, as your fingers will slide. Also, I was hoping for a hot polenta underneath without any spices, as it is swimming in sauce, but it was a "converted" corn bread, that literally was just brittle, and just too much.
The Mushroom Bisque was more like a mushroom smoothy with grainy texture, and looked completely unappealing on a plate. 
Service was great, the place looks great, atmosphere is awesome, and I still think it needs a little tuning. We did eat more items on the menu, but I would say, they were all missing something to make them good dishes.Happy, happy, happy for a wonderful alternative dining experience in East Falls!  First visit was pleasant and service was top notch.  Had an issue with my order and it was resolved immediately.  Second visit - service was exceptional and the meal was great!  New favorite...East Falls Burger!  If you haven't, try LeBus!!If you do not have a reservation don't even bother going. We decided to walk down last Saturday morning and were sorely disappointed. The hostess was very rude, she acted as though our presence was a huge bother to her. She told us the wait was 1 1/2 hours. They might as well have a sign that says "reservations only".  No apologies at all. The menu prices were also higher than I had expected. Over all we will not be returning there.For an open kitchen concept to work the open kitchen needs to be organized. Loved the menu, the food and the space but took a star off for the disorganization of the kitchen and the hostess stand. Host took his time seating us even though there were plenty of open tables and the waiting area is right in front of the open kitchen so you are practically standing on top of the food coming out of the kitchen. Staff seemed disorganized scrambling to figure out what went with what. I'm sure this happens in every kitchen I just don't really want to be privy to it. Mimosa was great! Potatoes were perfect and omelette was huge but lacking in flavor. Certainly a nice addition to East Falls I just wish the food didn't come out in front of the hostess stand.I wish I could give it more than 3 stars but they really need to work out the "new restaurant" service issues. They were very accommodating when we needed to change our reservation from 4 to 5 people. We watched the hostess lazily call out names at the hostess stand and not even bother to check if the people waiting outside the door were those parties. 
Once seated, the server took forever to get us waters. We ordered and the food took extremely long to get to us. Luckily we were provided delicious LeBus breads and butter to snack on. My eggs with multigrain toast, home fries, and bacon were swimming in butter/oil and the home fries were not fully cooked through (crunchy potato slices in not a good way). We ran out of water and coffee multiple times and I had to flag down the server to get refills. We also weren't offered condiments and had to ask for them- things like salt and pepper, ketchup for home fries, and syrup for pancakes.
Overall, everyone enjoyed their meal of choice. The pancakes and French toast were delightful. Great fries with the sausage and egg sandwich (I recommend sharing- it's huge!). A side of sausage was $5 for a tiny homemade patty. Awesome breads and croissants, of course! 
I hope to be able to go in another month and see some of these seemingly simple kinks worked out. The space is absolutely gorgeous (albeit a little smoky from the open kitchen) and a great upgrade to East Falls.Saw a recent article in the Inquirer about this new location and tried it early last (Saturday) night.  Entry door is not clearly marked, but it's the one on the corner of Indian Queen and Ridge.  Parking not easy, but we found a space on Ridge.  There's also a self-service paid lot about two blocks down on Ridge, under the Roosevelt Boulevard bridge.
We made an online reservation for two and it took about 5 minutes until we were seated, even though there were plenty of seats available at 515pm.
Interior redo (from the previous restaurant) was well done and the decor is pleasant and nice-looking.  The restaurant seems larger than the previous one, particularly in the space along Midvale Ave.
Noise was not a problem, even thought it has hardwood floors.  Ceiling appears to have some type of acoustical tiles.  Music was playing but again, pleasantly and not too loud, and it was easy to have a conversation.
Food quality was excellent.  We had salmon entree and Island Chicken entree.  Salmon with citrus (slight modification from the menu item) was good but good have had more pizzaz.  Chicken was very good and tasty.  The add-on (small) caesar salad with my chicken dinner was excellent though a very small serving, served in an even smaller bowl.  In fact, the sald bowl was so small, I had to dump the salad on my bread plate to be able to cut and eat it.  Baguette point that came with the salad was overdone (too hard to eat), but table bread was perfectly fresh.
Service was attentive, friendly, and good.
On the floor next to our table was some small paper trash items that should have been cleaned up.
A glass of Riesling was a bit pricey at $13.  Total bill $70 for two entries, small salad, wine, and ice tea.  I'm wondering if an earlier reviewer was right, about the prices perhaps being a dollar or two too high, but time will tell.
Overall, we had a good experience and plan to return to Lebus.Came for dinner with my brother and mother to celebrate some recent life achievements across our small family group. We had an enjoyable experience all around. The place was incredibly busy, which was wonderful to see, as East Falls and Germantown need more great dining out spots like this. I ordered the Pan Seared Salmon, my brother ordered the "Germantown" burger, and my mother ordered the Seared Salmon Nicoise. We all enjoyed our meals. 
I did order a side of fries that left me underwhelmed with their lack of seasoning, but that's a small complaint. The salmon was substantial, had a wonderful char to it, and the broccoli and mushrooms that the salmon was paired with added a nice dimension. 
For dessert I had a butter croissant (they were out of pretty much all the other variations). It was phenomenal. The croissant was served warm, had a beautiful crust to it, and was buttery perfection. 
I highly recommend Lebus!My husband and I went here yesterday for brunch. The complimentary bread was of course delicious, even if the butter was cold. I had basic eggs, toast, potatoes and sausage. Some of the potatoes were not done but not a huge deal. I told the waitperson that I wanted my egg yolks runny but that the whites should be cooked through - they weren't. He suggested over easy but he should have suggested over medium. You never know how a cook treats over easy eggs and that's why I always ask. I hate the slimy stuff in egg whites. Multi-grain toast was scrumptious but the sausage was terrible - very dry and coarse. The menu didn't say what kind of sausage so I was expecting pork but I think it might have been turkey. 
My husband has been ordering the Thai Turkey Salad since the 80's and that's what he got yesterday. lol It must be really good because he is not really a salad person and he ate every last morsel.
Loved the space and might go back but will definitely not order the sausage.Love having a Le Bus around the corner from me in East Falls! I've been there many times since its opening and they're constantly improving. Every new restaurant has its quips, but you can tell they are dedicated to making it better. I've been there for brunch many times, the ham benedict is amazing. Potatoes are fantasticly seasoned and the service has been great. Pancakes are pretty fab as well. 
I almost always sit at the bar and have had nothing, but great interactions with the bartenders. Look forward to seeing them continue to improve!This place was pretty busy when we arrived, around noon on Sunday. We were seated right away. Our service was wonderful, drinks were tasty and food was amazing. I would recommend this place to anyone looking for a great brunch spot. I look forward to coming back for dinner.We were very enthusiastic about eating here. We had a big issue with service and had a great conversation with the manager who handled the problem and satisfied us.
The food we ordered was delicious. We had the beet salad, the duck tacos and a shrimp and fried polenta. We were very satisfied. The bread was an added plus.  They serve their own pickles as a small taste before the meal which was a tasty bonus.
The sundae for dessert was exceptionally yummy.
We definitely plan to return.
Hopefully the service will be addressed and the problems solved.
I'll keep my fingers crossed!Le Bus was definitely worth a second look, after giving them time to work out the typical opening jitters. 
My husband started with the outstanding wild mushroom bisque this time, and had the salmon salad Niçoise for an entree. He enjoyed both. 
I had a nice glass of Riesling to go with the pan-seared salmon with citrus buerre blanc, on a bed of garlic-infused veggies and roasted potatoes. Beautiful presentation and prepared exactly as I requested. Perfection!
Chef JT recommended the cheesecake for dessert, so I had to have it - with chocolate sauce - of course. Yum! 
Glad to welcome Le Bus, David Braverman, Chef JT Dunn, and staff to the new spot.I really want Lebus to work. Went for dinner with friends when it first opened and it was great! But my wife and I have been back a couple times over the summer and the food is not good, just really bland. When it's busy the food takes a while to come out which I can understand but at least make the food that I'm waiting for taste good! The first time it happened I gave them a pass cause it was really busy but twice, NOPE! Gonna yelp about it. The wait staff is great very attentive and accommodating and the bread basket they give you is terrific.Great mac and cheese. Great service. We will
Be back as often as possible so we can try more of the menu.Brunch was great! Went with a group of 10. Omelette was delicious, scones were served warm, and the coffee was strong! Our group enjoyed the pancakes, turkey soup, and huevos rancheros also. Kudos for bringing out the kids' pancakes first! We appreciate a restaurant that caters to our families! Highly recommend!We tried the new Lebus last Sunday with our group of 6 . We all have been to Manyunk and were very excited to try this new location. Parking was tricky but not horrible- They honored our reservation and we were seated in a beautiful window seat. Our servers were wonderful - The food was very good. We had burgers, salads and maybe 1 dinner.  Burgers came with your choice of fries - salad - their homemade slaw and done the way they were ordered. Drinks were great too! No room for their yummy cookies this time but we cannot wait to go back again!! You will not be disappointed!!!Great food, cozy atmosphere, and nice vibe. Good for kids/families as well as adults. Will definitely return. We're so happy to have found this neighborhood gem.We had Brunch here with our son who lives in the area. Having been to other restaurants in the area, we rate this at the top. Located on a corner the dining area has large windows on two sides giving a comfortable open feeling. The menu has a variety of choices, the service was prompt and friendly, the food was very good and reasonably priced. We will return.Everything was so so so delicious. I loved the wild mushroom soup. My friend Sheila brought my husband and I hear and to have a delicious meal. My husband and I love the veggie burger he said it was delicious and Sheila she loved her burger since it was delicious and the coleslaw good. Will be back soon!Where should I start? Got here at 7:10, didn't get a server until 7:30. He's name was Brian, he was the absolute worst. Never asked us if we've been here before or if it was our first time, didn't talk about the specials, drinks, etc.... should've known it was going to be a bad experience by my 1yr olds expression. Because of my experience, I will never give this place a second chance. Food wasn't even average. This restaurant won't last. I give it a few more years n there will be another new spotFirst time eating here this past Saturday. We had a reservation and were seated quickly. Party of 3. I ordered mushroom soup as an app. It came out within 5 min. My sister ordered a cup as soon as mine came. Her soup never made it out! For entrees we ordered 2 burgers and a mussels. Our order took close to 50 minutes to come out. Our waiter was well intended but horrible. Our food was just ok. Not good enough for me to try again.Le Bus was definitely worth a second look, after giving them time to work out the typical opening jitters. 
My husband started with the outstanding wild mushroom bisque this time, and had the salmon salad Niçoise for an entree. He enjoyed both. 
I had a nice glass of Riesling to go with the pan-seared salmon with citrus buerre blanc, on a bed of garlic-infused veggies and roasted potatoes. Beautiful presentation and prepared exactly as I requested. Perfection!
Chef JT recommended the cheesecake for dessert, so I had to have it - with chocolate sauce - of course. Yum! 
Glad to welcome Le Bus, David Braverman, Chef JT Dunn, and staff to the neighborhood.When I first heard that Lebus would be coming to take the place of the iconic Mexican restaurant the occupied the space for many years - I didn't believe the rumor!  When Lebus opened up - I wanted to rush over, but decided I would give them a few weeks to work out the kinks so I could take it all in and enjoy everything that the new Lebus had to offer.  
Now that I have visited a few times, I decided to write my thoughts.  First of all, I was a fan of the old Lebus location.  The first visit, I sat at the bar and had some drinks (wine) and a few starter plates (spicy meatballs and hummus.  On my second visit, I had the shrimp polenta and my friend had a burger.  The food is great and the service is prompt and attentive.  
I love the renovation to the space - flowers - the wood choice - it makes it warm and inviting.  The crowd seems to be a nice mix of younger; older; neighborhood folks, some that traveled a little and old Lebus regulars.  
No doubt, I will be a regular at this location too.  Great addition to the corner of Ridge and Midvale Ave.The plus side: beautiful atmosphere. The bad side: literally everything else. Service was awful. Food was greasy. Bacon was cold. First and last time I'll be there. ‍I went to this place during the opening weeks and ordered the honey chipotle wings. They were good. Like Johnny Depp/Sheldon Sands killing the cook to restore the balance good. Maybe someone did. Now they're an overly fried tasteless shell of their former self that will leave you with indigestion.Went here today for lunch with my father as I had been looking forward to visiting as a local resident of East Falls.
The food is great! I got the stuffed pepper and he got the Salmon salad. Both dishes were delicious and very well executed - I suggest everyone opt for the sausage and goat cheese as that alone was phenomenal!
Really excited to come again.
As a note, I've been to the bar before and also had a good time. 
Service was okay. Not great, but it didn't seem like it was the server's fault, just seemed like they underestimated the crowd on a busy Wednesday lunch. Maybe someone called out, or they were just blindsided by walk inside. Either way I felt bad for the server who seemed to be running around trying to provide excellent service to everyone.
Service kinks aside, the experience was great. Service was sincere and food was great. So I can't ask for much more.
Food: 5/5
Service: 4/5
Ambiance: 4/5
Overall: 4.5/5I went to Le Bus on a Saturday night and had a great meal overall. The restaurant was full at 8 pm even when it was snowing outside. The decor is gorgeous - they did a great job renovating the place!
I absolutely recommend the shrimp with the fried polenta. The broth that it is made in is incredible. Plus if you dip the bread in the broth, its even better! The vegetarian chili is also one of the best restaurant chili dishes that I've had. 
My biggest complaint is about the burgers and now that I'm reading the reviews, I see that I'm not the only one that experienced this. I ordered the Mount Airy burger, which overall was great. The fries and the slaw it came with was delicious, along with the toppings on the burger. When I was reading the menu, it says that the recommended cook temperature is medium well, which caught my attention. I typically eat my burgers/other beef items rare to medium rare at most so I specifically asked my waiter for my burger to be cooked medium rare. He explained that the chef strongly recommends that the burgers are cooked medium well because the burgers were so thick. I know myself and I just don't enjoy burgers that are cooked beyond medium so I tried to insist that my burger was cooked medium rare but the burger still came out medium well. The overcook took away from the enjoyment of the burger. I was also confused with the recommended cook after seeing the burgers because they were average sized burgers.
I will definitely go back because I enjoyed the food overall and I want to try the other things on the menu. I just hope that the burgers can be cooked at the temperatures that the customers ask for.had to send the stake back. it was chewy and cold, like room temp cold, did someone else order this an hour ago and forgot about it, then gave it to me? i asked for well, why is this bloody? i asked to get an omelet instead. I have had better omelets for $3. the potatoes that came with it were also still raw on the inside. they really need to hire staff that know what they are doing or a few experiences people who can show them the basics. I want this place to be good soo bad since i live right down the street from it, but it's really not good. i'll try back in 3 months, maybe change my review if it improvesObviously all of the pastries, bread, and cookies are phenomenal. Wings, beet salad with shrimp (my fav!), duck tacos (which you can get with lettuce wraps instead of tortilla), Mac and cheese - all very good. The salad dressings are house made and very tasty- I especially love the house vinaigrette and the citrus vinaigrette.
I liked the mushroom bisque but wished it had more mushrooms and less salt. 
Do not leave here without a baguette and a choc chip cookie.A Perfect Saturday Brunch!
I visited LeBus with my son, daughter-in-law, and baby grandson on a late Saturday morning.  There was no wait, our server (Robb S) was excellent, and the meals were perfectly cooked. My son and daughter in law are vegans, and they found plenty of appetizing items on the menu. The ambiance, fresh bread basket, and the generous portions were a nice surprise, as was the fresh berry compote for my pancakes. The prices were fair, even less than I expected for the quality and quantity of food that you get. We will definitely be back!We had a pretty disappointing time at Le Bus. We made a reservation for Sunday brunch as we were turned away from dinner a prior evening night even though we could see empty seats. When we showed up we still had to wait about 15 minutes until they figured out the seating arrangements. 
Everything seemed rushed and not put together properly. The hostess sat us and gave us menus and then asked what we wanted to eat all within about two minutes. It was obvious that we didn't have a waiter/waitress. We ordered the first thing we saw as we didn't have time to actually read the menu. She took our drink order as well and then she was gone. 
We were oddly sitting in the waiting area and had people standing next to our table the entire time. As we sat there, we could see plenty of open tables and didn't understand why so many people were waiting. It was so disorganized. It became apparent that not enough people were working and that they were all in a panic. 
All of our food came out at the same time. Appetizers, entrees and drinks. We sat there for 30 minutes without anything. We had ordered a meal off of the children's menu and it came with different items then those listed in the menu, so we had to wait for the right stuff to be made. 
The hostess attempted really hard to make it seam like our table wasn't an afterthought, but overall I feel like it was a waste of time and money. I really wanted to be within walking distance of a great restaurant, but right now I feel like it is just as undesirable as the crappy Mexican restaurant that used to be there. 
I'll give it a few months and try again, but $60 for brunch for two adults and a 3 year old without alcohol is a crazy price for a terrible time and an obvious lack of coordination. Maybe they rushed the opening. It really sucked to wait until almost noon to eat breakfast.
Ps. Stuffed French toast was the bomb.beautiful decor.  great service.  delicious cocktails. yummy bread.  awesome burgers.Where do I begin? After waiting for an hour, the waiter comes out and says, we are out of mahi mahi. Put an order in for salmon. After another 30 minutes, he says to the person I'm with, "we don't have any burgers."
I could go on but I think you get the point!!!Went on the third night they were open so take that into consideration. Place looks great...excellent renovation. 
Menu is solid. Great hummus app.
I got the burger, which, the chef is oddly adamant about cooking medium-well. It says it on the menu and when I asked for medium-rare the server said the chef strongly suggests medium-well. This was especially weird because I thought the burger would have been amazing had it not been cooked medium-well. 
They were also out of ketchup which was odd. But being just the third night I let that pass.
Got the donut holes for dessert. They were good.The egg sandwich is ridiculous. We got two to go and are tossing 3/4 of the food. 
First off it is GIANT and not clearly described as such ( "on batard"? Come on this isn't a french vocab quiz, how about "long roll")
The eggs were dense sleep-away camp institutional style, and the greens/side salad were overly dressed and very tart, and like the home fries were all rather limp when opened just fifteen minutes later.A was more than pleasantly blown away by the quality and deliciousness of the transformed Lebus!
First,  the space is gorgeous and inviting.
The servers are equally so.
As a vegan,  there are many options!  I got the wild mushroom bisque (highly touted by a friend) with almond milk as the cream base.  It was amazing and beautifully done.
I also got the Mediterranean salad (feta left off) and was gorgeous and scrumptious.  Set on tender, fresh Bibb lettuce.   Was large enough that I brought half home for lunch.
My dining partner got the shrimp & veggie stir-fry and she raved about the perfection of how the shrimp and veggies were cooked (not overdone at all) and the sauce.
I will definitely return!!So sad to see Johnny Mananas close but this place is a great replacement. Very healthy fare, good service. Can be busy at times. I would recommend itExcellent however dining outside can be very noisy at times with fire station and traffic.Lovely spot in East Falls. There's a parking lot about 1 block away on Ridge Ave. We had brunch. I had the vegetarian stuffed pepper. It was very delicious and tasty and filling. They make their own breads. They served pecan, raisin and sourdough bread. Both were also excellent. My companions had stuffed pancakes and a shrimp Thai dish. They too said the food was great.The space is great.  The service poor. We were one of three tables, so no excuse.  Waited 20 minutes for soup and salad.  The caesar salad was a disappointment,  they didn't even cut the romaine leaves.  Hardly any dressing, not that it had much flavor.  The place has potential, I hope they get it right.The atmosphere is nice. The place is designed well. The food, in general, based on three visits, is OK. It's a bit overpriced for the area, and for what they're serving, and nothing that we've ordered has blown us away, but it has all been generally good. The bread is fantastic. The employees all seem to be quite young, and a bit hip, and they are always very, very sweet. The service was always good. Not spectacular, but always good, because they are always friendly. The best dish I've ordered from them is their macaroni and cheese. But, again, it was good, but I wasn't blown away, and it was a bit pricy, for what it is. All this being said, I like going there, and I want them to remain open, and I'd go more often if I felt it was more reasonably priced, so I hope they adjust their prices, just a little bit.Came here out of its convenient location between the city and Manayunk, even after reading mediocre reviews. Turned out this place was so adorable, service was fantastic, and food was really good. The portion was huge so I was able to make two meals out of it. They give you a few different types of bread while you're waiting, including cinnamon raisin bread which is my favorite. I will definitely be returning.
I ordered the Mexican egg dish (I can't remember the exact name) but it had Manchego cheese, and that's my favorite!Too expensive.  A 15 dollar burger should give me a back rub not be just "fine"I have eaten at the East Falls Le Bus several times and been impressed with everything I have eaten. The brown rice nut salad is exceptional, but today I got it as take out and when I got home it was a huge pile of greens with some dry rice and almost no nuts scattered over it. It was awful and I wish I would have returned it. It makes me hesitant to return. Sad!So happy about this place opening in East Falls! I've been there twice because it was so great. The bread is AMAZING. I had the stuffed peppers, which can be made vegan, and they were wonderful. Second time was for brunch. Best coffee around. Super excited to see this place evolve. They were still working out some service issues, but I'm sure that will resolve.They could not get a burger right. I give them 5 try's and they did not get it right. The burger was not cooked and it did not taste to good. Not my favorite place there other location is better.  Great staff but lack luster food. SorryTried Le Bus for the first time tonight since In Riva down the street was closed for two days for July 4. Was totally surprised it was a full restaurant with full bar and not just a bakery!
Ordered their salmon fillet entree (with finger potatoes and baby broccoli) and a cosmo. It took about 25 minutes for the entree to arrive, which was a bit long given that the place wasn't half full. But once the food arrived that was the issue: the broccolini was cold. Actually cold. And there were no potatoes. So when I asked my waiter about the potatoes and cold broccolini he said he thought they ran out of potatoes and didn't someone tell me. Uh no. (Wouldn't he be the one to tell me?) I told him that it seemed my entree was ready 10 minutes ago but that it sat out in the krihchen and was finally served to me, which is why the broccolini was cold. He apologized and walked away. He did take off a little from the bill to make up for the entree. 
Overall it's nice to have a new neighborhood eatery. (Though I really miss the Falls Taproom that was across Midvale). The portion size was good, but the food service was slow and I'm not sure if my meal was an anomaly or not. I will be returning to In Riva in the future and will only be going back to Le Bus when In Riva is closed.Warm and inviting decor with nice inclusion of more industrial features like exposed venting/brick. Very impressed with breadth of brunch menu, had Mexican frittata and eggs Benedict with wild mushrooms, both excellent and surprisingly large portions. Mimosas and Bloody Marys had good amount of alcohol, Bloody Marys had no garnish which I thought was weird but no big deal. Highly recommend!It's a winner! Caught brunch on a Saturday and I'm sold. Buttermilk pancakes, potatoes,  and omelette filled with spinach, cheese, onions, and peppers. 
If you enjoy fresh squeezed orange juice you would love it here. 
Tim was our waiter and he was attentive and kind.
I really enjoyed my time here and know I will be back on the regular.As good as the original. 
House vinegarette so good it makes the choice between the (delicious) fries and a side-salad legitimately difficult. 
Really classy interior, too.Hmmm... So I did takeout, but still, I feel like everything on the brunch menu is just one dollar too expensive.
Death by brunch seems small for $13, but reasonable at $12. The sausage, egg and cheese feels good at $8, but $9 seems a lot. Even as I review the other menus... Burgers for $13 or $14 seem alright, but $14 or $15 feels like a bit much in East Falls.
The food is tasty, and done right, but I am just not sure on the prices for the area. I will get back and try more, but the price sticks out in my mind...Great menu options. Great service. Fairly cheap as well. Place was beautiful on the inside, lots of plants and nice lighting. The food was delicious! I got the stuffed pepper with sausage and goat cheese...so good. Staff was cool. They have pastries in the front you can buy..idk if they make them in house, but I had the chocolate croissant and it was tasty.Got a chance to try Lebus a little over a week ago. 
It was super cold out and we have a 10 month old baby so we called ahead to make sure there was seating so we could travel quickly from the car to the restaurant w/o waiting. To our surprise around 6:30pm there was a table ready immediately. 
The hostess was nice and our waitress was polite. Served raisin bread and Italian bread right away, both tasty. Vibe is warm and clean. My baby was enthused with the environment. Thank goodness! It can be hit and miss with her. She playfully starred at other patrons making their meals I imagine pretty awkward, lol. A googily eyed baby with 4 teeth and a natural Mohawk that sticks straight up smiling, drooling and babbling at randoms. Nonetheless everyone was so nice smiling and waving back at her. Then our hot wing appetizer came and I knew why everyone was so happy! 
The sweet and spicy wings were basically the best wings my boyfriend and I have had since ever! He ordered a burger and I had the baked Mac n cheese so I could share with my daughter. Both of those were perfect. Juicy burger, homemade fries and a refreshing slaw. Baked Mac n cheese was warm, flavorful, gooey, cheesy, crunchy top perfection! But here's the kicker, didn't finish all the Mac n cheese so we boxed it and brought it home. 2 days later reheated in a small pot on top of stove... ummm STILL DELISH and cheesy and gooey! Reheat value on Mac and cheese is very HIGH!! I repeat REHEAT VALUE ON MAC N CHEESE IS VERY HIGH!! Anyone who reheats old Mac n cheese knows this is very hard to come by. So with that, I can't wait to get back and try more!Really great food and ambience! I went for brunch with my husband and best friend. I ordered the sausage and egg sandwich with potatoes and it was out of this world! My friend got the Mexican frittata and loved it! My only complaint is that the service is a little slow and awkward at times but I get the sense this is because they just opened and they're still trying to find their groove. Honestly this place is a GEM! Definitely plan on returning for brunch and trying dinner!I really enjoyed my first two visits. The food was really tasty (large portions) and the drink selection abundant. Try the In the Weeds drink. Tasty.  Great ambiance. I plan to try the brunch, as that was always a Le Bus fav.The room is lovely though on this cold March Tuesday evening I don't think we needed the ceiling fans. I was seated on the banquette with a fine view of the bar and entire dining area. Furniture is solid and tables are well spaced. More full than empty tables, but still plenty of seating at 1915 hours. We drank no alcohol though selection seem pretty robust, especially the beer menu. There's a steady drumbeat for Faber gin. My spouse found the veggie chili w/cheese to her liking w/just right spicing and the large green salad with creamy presto dressing also to her liking. My chicken pot pie was delectable baked in a heavy ceramic baking pan with a crosshatched biscuit on top. The prep chef should cut the veggies a bit more regularly, especially the mushrooms, several of which required knife and fork to make note size--a surprise given the soup spoon served with the dish. I expect we'll be back regularly, especially after we complete our move to Mt. AiryThree days later I'm still thinking about the chili rubbed brisket sandwich.  Side salad was good, too. Ugh, I'm salivating again.Amazing!!! I will say it was such a great experience. We ordered the Mexican frittata, so yummy. Enjoyed a mimosa with freshly squeezed OJ. 
If you love good quality service and food. This is the place to go! Great on a Saturday with little to no wait.A friend and I had dinner there recently and had a positively wonderful evening.  Attention was paid to the smallest of details, creating an evening of gourmet food, interesting drinks (which were packed with quite the kick), and an enjoyable, relaxed evening.  
We started off with a couple of the most interesting cocktails you could imagine.  We spoke with one of the managers who explained that he and the bar manager spent countless hours tasting various drink combinations to come up with a list of their signature drinks.  I'm not going to tell you what's in the LeDuck East Falls because you won't believe me.  Just trust me and try it for an exotic taste sensation.  We also had their version of a Manhattan which, again, was like no other I've ever tasted.  They weren't cheap but they were big, strong, and worth every penny. 
We then had the salmon with roasted vegetables, and the brisket in the richest of sauces.  It comes with a corn pudding which I cannot eat for dietary reasons.  They were incredibly accommodating and served me a Caesar salad in its place.  If you are a fan of anchovies you must try this salad.  Their recipe uses the exactly perfect amount of anchovies in this classic dressing to give it a wonderful saltiness.  I was told they make it fresh each day to guarantee a perfect dressing.  
My friend finished the evening with another cocktail: What's the Rumpus?  This is dessert in a glass that will make you fall in love with the bartender.  It's touted as a "rich dark chocolate rum espresso flip," and yes,  you will flip over it.  I finished with one of the smoothest cups of good ole regular coffee I've ever had.  A dark roast with no acidity?  Yup.  Dark but mellow.  Sounds like an oxymoron but that's the best way to describe it.  
The atmosphere was intimate enough to make for either a romantic evening or a fun night out with friends yet bustling enough to make you feel part of a big festival.  We never felt rushed yet we felt we never had to wait if we needed something.
Oh, and check out the art work which adorns the walls.  Apparently the artists get 100% of the proceeds.  So, not only do we have a seasoned restaurateur with a fine new venue but he's also a supporter of local artists.  Gotta love it.  
We will be back and we will bring friends.Le-Bust. I was really excited to try a new place for brunch, had high hopes based on the menu, and figured a known place on the corner would deliver. I couldn't have been more wrong. We had reservations and upon arriving, was told that "we're really busy and I'm just waiting for the bus boy to finish". Okay, cool - that's fine. BUT the host then tried to take BOTH our party and another waiting party to our tables... at the same time. I've never experienced this before, and it became confusing and chaotic based on the fact that the host didn't know who belonged to what party. He wasn't speaking directly to anyone, and walked away from us without making sure either party knew what was going on. Our server was equally poor in his service. He mumbled and gave that - I'm trying to get through this transaction as quickly as possible - vibe. Further, our food was below par. I ordered over-medium eggs, which came over-easy, and my friend's frittata was barely cooked. We were never asked whether we wanted a refill on coffee, and upon finishing eat and pushing our plates away - it took 20 minutes for our server to come by. Merely just dropping the check. With a great deal of food left on our plates and obvious disappointment on our face, our server didn't ask anything about our satisfaction and proceeded to clear and toss all the remains into the garbage. There seems to be zero FOH management in the place. So much of my frustration comes from the fact that I am in the restaurant industry, we take great pride in our service AND customer satisfaction. Any plate that is left with more than half the food on the plate is taken directly to the chef, I (as the manager) make sure to speak to EVERY table in the place, regardless of business and happenings. I can guarantee I will NOT be returning to this establishment. They seriously need a revamp in the kitchen and on the floor.Really glad Le Bus is back! We ate at the bar and had cocktails and entrees both which were flavor and very good. Their handcrafted cocktails are fantastic. The bartenders really know what they are doing. The food was very tasty. I highly recommend.Had lunch here with some friends last week.   Food was good.   We had the mushroom soup which was a bit garlicky- ok by me but not expected.    I also had the salmon niscoise salad which had a decent portion of fish, a bit more well done than I would like, four small piece of potato, some asparagus and string beans on a bed of Bibb lettuce with the tarragon dressing on the side.   It was ok but not fabulous enough to wrangle with the street parking.Best restaurant in Philly for lunch and/or dinner.  Started with roasted beet salad, cauliflower wings, coupled with an excellent IPA.Very disappointing. This is my second time back.  The food was very bland.  Our entrees came 5 minutes after our appetizers came.  They took the entrees back and when they gave us the entrees they were luke warm and soggy.  The Cesar salad was embarrassing. It was a tiny bowl with romaine lettuce and nothing else. Will not go back again.Excellent. Came here for brunch with mom. The menu kinda threw me off because it's a fairly short and does not have a lot of options. However, we managed to find something we liked. The food is healthy yet filling. I ordered the Lebus curry chicken salad sandwich. My mom ordered the lebus Thai turkey salad. Both were delicious. We were full without feeling weighed down.In spite of having a reservation, the hostess did not have our names and it went downhill from there. We waited well over an hour for our food. After about 15 minutes, our waitress informed us that "the kitchen is at a standstill." We were as patient as possible, but when my very hungry friend asked a manager about the delay, she was told that the head chef and owner had left for the night and there was nothing she could do. Food was okay. It's a shame because East Falls deserves better.This place brings some class to the neighborhood. It's a step up from your average neighborhood bar. It's totally renovated inside and looks nothing like the previous restaurant. The food and the staff are amazing. The raisin bread they offer at the table was delicious. I could have a side of that anytime. 
The one thing I didn't like was my side of cornbread. My recommendation is that it should be served hot. The flavor was ok but I think if it was at least warm it would kick it up a notch. 
I ordered the burger and it was cooked to perfection. The patty was very hearty and I could finish it.   
The shrimp polenta is really good but spicy. 
I'll be back frequently and would recommend a everyone visit.Been here a few times, and keep hoping for better.  Been for lunch and Sunday Brunch, so was hoping to give 5 stars after they were open for awhile.  Given their pedigree prices and owner, I was expecting downtown quality and service,  Food is safe to eat,  and service is slow and waitresses are clueless about the menu. (One guy knew his stuff)   Happy to have somewhere to eat when visiting, but they need to up their game, but with their location they are one of only two open places in that part of town.i had a really great meal here and the ambiance was so pleasant. the wild mushroom bisque is super yummy (fab comfort food!) and the caesar salad dressing was some of the best i've ever had over romaine that was fresh and crisp. (i'm a huge caesar salad fan so was very happy to add a small one with the soup for $1.) the roasted beet salad is fantastic and huge...actually there were 3-4 servings of quinoa salad included, which i'd suggest they take down a few notches. i didn't want to take leftovers home so alas they had to throw away a bunch of my quinoa. had hiked in wissahickon so missed lunch and was soooooo happy to find (at 4:20p) that Lebus would open at 4:30. the friendly woman at the front let me come in and sit to wait...it was a bit chilly outside. i was tired and hungry and a bit chilled so the great food, friendly and attentive staff, and warm atmosphere really hit the spot! that they had yard's philly pale ale on tap was a bonus. :)