A really great little place, their sandwiches (and especially the bread) are fantastic and they have a nice reasonable 1/2 sandwich and soup special. I got a grilled cheese and veggie chili, delicious!The pre make the sandwiches which is a pet peeve of mine.
I would prefer a fresh option but the bread is always spot on. Id probably stick to breakfast options my tuna sandwich was way too mayo-ey and it had been sitting out for probably hours. 
A friend swears by the smoked salmon sandwich and if i ate meat there would be plenty more options.  I hear good things about the grilled cheese maybe when im done dieting ill give it a whirl.Le Bus is my favorite Center City lunch spot.  You really can't go wrong with anything you choose.  I can tell the food is made with care -- not slopped together like a lot of other places.  I love the soup and sandwiches.  They have specials and a punch card too - 9 punches and then a free lunch.  Their chocolate chip cookies are also very tasty.  Highly recommend this place.I stopped by when I was looking for a place to grab a to-go lunch on my way back to work after a lunch break spent shopping.  I was snagged by the vegetarian chili special advertised in their window.  There was no line and the folks behind the counter were friendly.  I checked the case to see if i would prefer a sandwich, but the only vegetarian offering was on a huge white ciabatta roll which didn't tempt me.  I got my vegetarian chili and piece of bread (i chose a whole wheat dinner roll) for a great deal of $3.50.  
Sadly, i got back to the office and the chili was barely warm and far too salty for my taste.  The whole wheat dinner roll was okay.  
I pass it often, so I have a feeling I'll eventually give this place another shot, but for now I can't recommend it.Came here for lunch with a friend to grab a sandwich and was definitely pleased with what I got. 
The inside area is particularly small, so it's not a place I'd recommend buying a sandwich to sit and eat there. But it's almost right across the street from Rittenhouse Square which is a great lunch eating spot so that nips that problem in the bud.
They have a good amount of sandwich options and also allow you to have it heated on a panini maker if that's you're thing. I was personally happy to see that because I'm not the biggest fan of cold foods. 
I ordered the Capri, and even though I'm not the biggest fan of prosciutto it was still solid in my opinion. 
The bread pudding I got on the side left a bit to be desired, so I wouldn't suggest rushing to grab that if you're feeling like placating your sweet tooth like I was. 
All in all it's a good place to go and grab a quick sandwich or some coffee before getting on with your day.Love this place.  Great sandwiches, soups, pastries, coucous. etc... Friendly service with a smile.  Reasonable prices.  Frequent customer card for free sandwich.   Never been disappointed yet.  Nice!i will be short and to the point:
I just had one of the best sandwiches I have ever had from here, the Sicilian. their delicious bread with eggplant, lettuce, tomato, mozzarella, basil mayo. it was all so perfect. it was like a little peice of heaven. it was $6.50 but this is not just some deli sandwich. this is the good stuff right here. worth every penny.
and no minimum for cards!For what they do...I can't find a better place.....never been in this store more than 5 minutes and that's ordering when I get there. The BEST veggie chili and multi grain roll......killer choc oatmeal cookies. ..every staff member smiles and interacts.Tried the toasted Sicilian sandwich, and it disappointed. The ingredients sound enticing enough, but the sandwich lacked flavor and could have been toasted longer.Good variety of sandwiches.  Cookies are amazing.  Bagels and butter croissants are my favorite.  Friendly employees.  Definitely have come here and will continue to come here for a quick go to lunch or pastries and coffee.Good sandwiches and a variety to choose from.  They are pre-made, but made fresh that day. They all taste fresh and delicious. Last time I ordered the sandwich that comes with hummus, tomato, apples, etc. Since I am vegan I asked for no cheese and there were no issues with them taking this off. Before I was vegan I had the curry chicken salad sandwich, and that was great! Prices are reasonable and portions are large. My only complaint is that sometimes when you ask for it toasted the sandwich comes out greasy (you can see the marks on your paper wrap before you open it up). I also wish that they had an area to sit so that you could eat there. Oh well, the food is still delicious. Staff is friendly and fast. I highly recommend this place for sandwiches!Stopped in for a quick coffee and something small to eat. Homemade blueberry almond pop tart! Really good. A little pricey, but this is Rittenhouse Sq. The atmosphere is nice and they serve with fancy white China, which is also nice.I frequent here for lunch at least 3 days a week. Today I noticed that they accidentally charged my credit card twice from the day before. Went to get lunch today and when I let them know they comped my lunch. Hooray for amazing customer service!!Le Bus is awesome. I am addicted to their salads, my coworkers call them "crack salad" for their addictive properties. My favorites include the Lebanon sandwich (toasted, of course) and the Mexicana salad with the pumpkinseed dinner roll. If you are inclined to get a dessert (cookies the size of your hand for $1.25, and macaroons the size of a baseball) you really can't go wrong. And when you get a sandwich, be sure to get the stamp card, you'll definitely go back for more!Someone recommended this place for good bread. I came here and got an olive loaf because it is my husband's favorite. I asked for half the loaf to be sliced, the other left as is. The sliced half was crooked so some of the slices were only half the size. I thought this was because it was hard to slide half a loaf, until I later went to Metropolitan Bakery and asked for the same thing on their loaf and got a perfectly sliced half loaf!
So anyway, I went home with my bread and made a sandwich with it. Took a bite. SO SALTY. It was the saltiest loaf of bread I have ever eaten. I get that it's an olive loaf, and the olives have salt, but the bread itself was unedibly salty!!! I have gotten olive loafs at other places, and they are NOT like this. This bread was salty to the point that I couldn't eat it on it's own or in a sandwich. I ended up having to make bread pudding and bread salad with it (both of which I added no additional salt and it was still on the over-seasoned side...), which made it barely edible. Needless to say I never went back.
I am so glad I discovered Metropolitan, otherwise I would have thought that Philly Center City had no good bakeries!The Capri and Chicken salad sammys are my favorite.  The bread is great when they have it, get there early or they will certainly be sold out.  I've heard great things about the soup too, it's a bit pricey for lunch if you are accustomed to the $5 or $6 food truck deals in the area. This was my go to spot when I worked in CC.Used to love going here for a pressed ciabatta sandwich with prosciutto... and the chocolate chip cookies were super good (when they didn't run out grrrrr....), especially on a nice day in the park.  And the bread pudding?  A huge delicious heavy (that's a compliment) serving that, if you're not careful, you could eat all at once.  
Friendly blue-collar atmosphere and I wish I still lived in Philly to stop by for some eats.Had some sort of pre-made italian sandwich that was VERY salty. Also, the muffin I had was really dry. Not much to say- pretty disappointing meal. The fresh bread looked good though... :ILove love loveeee Lebus for lunch. Awesome premade sandwiches that they heat up for you and the chocolate chips cookies are to die for. I got the chicke Delhi curry sandwich which was beyond delicious and everything is super inexpensive (the sand which and cookie was less than$7 total). The staff are always a pleasure to interact with as well.The bread here is delicious! I come here almost every week to get a loaf. I've tried so many of them. Most recently, I purchased the sun dried tomato bread, which I would pass on next time because it's only is good for certain types of sandwiches, and it has a weird flavor when eating it as toast in the mornings. The pumpkin seed is awesome as well as the onion, multigrain, and sourdough. Their baguettes are also great. The bread here is on the expensive side, but what I usually do to save a few bucks (and also because I go through loaves so quickly) is buy the day-old bread. They sell it at 50% off, and it tastes just as good to me! Come early or it's usually all gone.Awesome place to grab a sandwich at lunch time! They have a nice random selection of specialty sandwiches.  I got the curry chicken salad panini and it was super delicious! It came on raisin bread and it was curry chicken with egg mixed in together. I know it sounds pretty weird but it tasted amazing! I have to come back and try their other specialty sandwiches. I came here right at peek lunch time and it was not very busy and I was out of there in 5 minutes. They even has a section in the store where they sell bread reduced at 50% off. The place is quite small and they don't really have indoor seating. I would recommend getting a sandwich here and eat it on a park bench on Rittenhouse on a nice day.I absolutely love this place. You can get such a beautifully     crafted sandwich for under 10 bucks! I've been there a handful of times and recently I've given up eating meat, i had the Sicilian sandwich. Honestly I can't even began to explain how wonderful it was. The bread was spiced with Italian seasoning and inside was a great mixture of roasted eggplant and red peppers with lettuce and tomato. I had the mozzarella removed but I'm sure that would have made it even better! This place is an must for any tourist or any day worker on a lunch break.Le Bus may have you wait for  a table, but you will not be complaining once you take a seat. The interior is casual but sophisticated, and the outdoor seating is perfect for a midsummer night. I'm guilty of always ordering the same dish here: salmon with vegetables and garlic mashed potatoes. It's delicious and the price is right. This is a great place to end of day of shopping on Main Street, or to begin a night out :)My past review was mainly focused on the Delhi. Please note that the other sandwiches are also pretty great: Arcadia is basically a BLT on a baguette. Jersey is similar, but replace the LT with asparagus and peppers. Get the Atlantic (salmon) on the seeded bun, or try a chicken pot pie when it's chilly out!
Don't forget a chocolate chip cookie and a sandwich card!Simply delicious.  Excellent pastries and bread.  Artfully assembled sandwiches made fresh on the spot that morning.  If you go especially early you won't get much of a selection because they're still making them.
There's a great selection of prepared soups that you can take home.  The prices are incredibly reasonable compared to other takeout of the same calibre.  
The pastries are wonderful, and sometimes the staff will throw in a couple of bonus mini muffins that are delicious.  Much lower prices than Metropolitan, I think--though the Bucks County Coffee at Le Bus pales in comparison to the stuff down the street.
Good place to pick up bread for a picnic lunch, to go with dinner.  GREAT place for a quick breakfast.I've only had their rolls and cookies and they were delicious. I love the mini chocolate chip cookies. They are always soft and the perfect little size. Both the pumpkin seed and raisin rolls are very tasty and only .60 something cents each! 
Finally went back to try the sandwiches and gazpacho which were all delicious! The bread is amazing on the sandwiches.A sandwich and a chocolate chip cookie, what could be wrong with that combination-NOTHING!  Well, I guess if you put the cookie on the sandwich perhaps not so hot, but eaten as a dessert AFTER the sandwich, it's the perfect indulgent treat.  I seem to gravitate towards the Bistro-roast beef, coleslaw and horseradish, all compiled togther on a lovely baguette, and warmed, of course, because that's the only way to eat it-if you ask me.  The baguette is fresh, crispy and delicious.  It has the right amount of bite to it.
I also enjoy their couscous with grilled veggies, it is definitely enough food for lunch the following day.  This item is usually found atop the main ordering refrigeration area, however, I discovered there are additional refrigerated food items up the small set of stairs at the rear of the store.  Their prices are great for the amount of food you're getting, and there is a fresh quality to their items.
And as others have mentioned, the punch card bonus.  I'm pretty certain I have a 'free' sandwich coming to me.  Which means I should probably cut this review short and go get something to eat, I'm making myself hungry...Great for sandwiches.  And they're cheap comparatively speaking (ahem, I'm looking at you Devon & Blakely).
Also, they carry Mash which is an outstanding low calorie water drink and tough to find down these parts. 
Bonus points for the loyalty program card - get 10th sandwich free.
Soups look very good, will try soon.
One suggestion, work on the little bottleneck issue at the register.I love this place. They offer a few vegan and vegetarian options daily and are always fresh. I've never eaten anything here that wasn't delicious. Love their vegetarian chili, borscht and cous cous with vegetable. Their breads/rolls are also great. I would eat here every day if I could afford it.Love this place! The most amazing turkey sandwich made with super fresh, paper-thinly sliced turkey. Get your sweet fix with a palmierThis place is what i miss the most about not working in rittenhouse square anymore. 
While there Le Bus was my favorite quick sandwich shop since it was half a block from my building.
I am a huge fan of the Jersey sandwich, which is turkey, peppers, and asparagus with honey mustard. They toast it for you if you like, and the bread their is just so perfect. 
They have a great assortment of bakery items and it was such a cool little spot to grab lunch. I go back from time to time to bask in the deliciousness, but it is a much more calculated trip.
Other things i recommend;
The chocolate chip cookie - the big guy, perfectly soft and crunchy so it doesn't seem undercooked, great with a sandwich
and the curry chicken salad on raisin nut bread, sounds kinda weird, but i promise, it has a great blend of spice and sweetI would eat here more frequently if I knew I'd still be able to fit into my clothes. One of the best breakfast and lunch bargains in Rittenhouse. The muffins, scones,French pastries and breads are always fresh and delicious and they have a fantastic lunchtime sandwich and soup selections (gazpacho!)  for both vegetarians and carnivores. My favorites:  The farmer's sandwich for breakfast (eggs, potatoes, cheese on one of their amazing brioche rolls), the Atlantic sandwich for lunch (grilled salmon and salsa on the previously referenced amazing brioche roll), and for whenever: the blueberry scones or the chocolate chip cookies. Tip: skip the mini cookies and just go for the giant one. At that point, calories be damned. The people working here are really nice and very helpful, too. Typically I get out for under $5 for breakfast and under $8 for lunch. Very limited seating, so take your stuff and stroll up to Rittenhouse Square and dine al fresco - or "al desko" if you are a worker bee from the area, like me.Best bread ever. I first had their bread at Sabrina's Cafe at the Italian Market and it was so tasty I asked where I could find more. Today, I went in and got the Arcadia sandwich and it was amazing. But warning - tell them to toast it longer.Really good sandwiches for a low price! Only downside is that since there's no seating you kind of have to awkwardly sit in rittenhouse square and have a homeless person watch you eat.  Either way, they're probably just salivating over the Arcadia- bacon, chicken and cheese? I would've given the guy a bite but he started barking at me.Yes, their sandwiches, coffee, and salads are "good".  So are their pastries.  But let's just get to the point, here.  Italian bread?  Best for French Toast on Saturday morning.  
Pick yourself a loaf on Friday.  It's even better when it's day old.
I prefer the Rittenhouse location over the Reading but bread is bread.Sandwiches and soups are great for lunch in the park, cookies are great too. I buy the wheat bread for sandwiches and toast at home and it is my favorite. The Rittenhouse location has very friendly folks working there. One of my favorite sandwiches is the chicken salad - i think its called the Delhi.My colleague recommended the Delhi sandwich. It was really good. Delhi has a unique pairing with whole wheat bread that contains raisins and nuts. It's not spicy at all. Basically, Delhi is chicken salad sandwich with non-spicy curry flavor. I usually like some spiciness, but the sandwich is packed with flavor.  They have variety of sandwich options for an affordable price, and you have the option to toast it!Excellent chicken curry sandwich.  Very cheap and quick service. Can't wait to try their other sandwiches.Today I had the couscous with roasted vegetables, it was DELICIOUS, and affordable, only around $6, I will definitely be going back for this again!Love this place.  Inventive, albeit pre-made sandwiches.  If you come late, they are occasionally sold out and the meat later in the day can at times be dry, but for the price you cannot beat it.  I have been there three times this week and expect to continue to go there often.3.5 stars 
Stop right now and walk about 5 blocks from this bakery and go to Metropolitan. Le Bus isn't particularly awful but Metro has better French staples and pastries.Solid little bakery with decent pre-made sandwiches (both breakfast and lunch options), salads and a variety of bagels and sweet nothings.  Friendly service with a smile, competitive pricing, and their bread options aren't too shabby. Although, my standard bakery goodness measurement:  their baguettes, don't blow me out of the water.
Fave sammie pick is the Bombay curried chicken, served with hard boiled egg on their raisin bread (get it warmed up on their panini grill).  Only gripe is there is no space to eat and linger, so get your stuff to go.Pastries we're just okay. Chocolate croissant was too bready and didn't taste that fresh.These folks know breads! They know pastries, they know food! I only go here very occasionally but I have yet to be at all dissatisfied with any purchase there.
Bravo Le Bus!!So it's really a 3.5...We were looking for a grab-n-go sandwich and this fit the bill. It's hard to get ready-made sandwiches that are not doused in mayo or some other sauce, but Le Bus has some tasty and unique options. After choosing between the Lebanon and tasty looking grilled cheese on house brioche, I got the Lebanon which was on thinly sliced multigrain with apple, hummus, Swiss, lettuce, and peppers. Sounds like a weird combo, but it worked- a little sweet from the apple, but creamy from the hummus and Swiss, with just a bite from the pepper. The bread was nice and nutty without being too crunchy- definitely good enough to eat on its own. My boyfriend got the Jersey- turkey, asparagus, honey mustard, and pickle on a baguette. Again, strange-sounding combo, but the asparagus brought a little earthiness that broke up the sweetness from the mustard and turkey. 
The sandwiches were reasonably priced compared to some of the other options in Center City like Di Bruno Bros. and Cafe Lutecia. We also got them toasted as recommended, but next time, I would ask them to toast it for a little longer so it wasn't just lukewarm. 
It's nice for grabbing a sandwich and enjoying a sunny afternoon at the park.I love the sandwiches at Le Bus. I have probably eaten every single one, but my absolute favorite is the New Dehli sandwich, which is a curried chicken salad sandwich on raisin bread. It includes slices of hard-boiled egg on top, which I ask be removed (since I do not eat egg) -- and the staff are always very great about doing that before they heat up the sandwich. My second favorite sandwich would be the roast beef (I think that's the Capri, but I don't recall exactly right now), followed by the Jersey. I will often buy 2-3 New Dehli sandwiches to have on 'reserve' -- that's how much I love it. 
What makes the food so good here are fresh ingredients used in unique, gourmet combinations and excellent bread. Try some for yourself as you can buy loaves and rolls. Needless to say, the breakfast pastry are excellent as well. For those lucky to work in Center City, a Le Bus sandwich eaten in Rittenhouse Square is a luxury I unfortunately no longer enjoy (since I do not work near CC). Take advantage while you can!the curried chicken sandwich is tasty but a little bit over the top with the mayonnaise.  The sourdough loaf is just ok, not soft and fluffy enough on the inside, or crunchy enough on the outside.  I've gotten a bruschetta-type bread there that was covered in this strange orange flavoring that I didn't like--too salty.  The muffins are very dense, just ok on flavor as well.  they have a section for "day-old" bread that is usually sold at half off--not a bad deal but unfortunately, this is definitely not the top bakery in town.Love this place.
sandwiches are great, really all of them. The Bistro, Chicken Cesare, Jersey and Sicilian are the best. They give you a frequent customer card that adds up to a free sandwich at the end. Plus they're always selling next day bread for basically nothing. I would go here almost every day for lunch.
Healthy, great selection, and easy on the wallet.ok, so right off the bat, i'm acknowledging that how great your food is depends on what you get. the leafy salads aren't always fresh, for example. 
but other than that, the sandwiches are soooo heavenly good and hearty and large and filling and scrumptious. try the delhi, which is curry chicken salad on walnut raisin bread. YUM. and the vegetarian chili, also a wow. plus it comes with a roll (though sometimes you have to remember to ask). 
and the dessert-y things are fab too, especially the mighty muffin. zucchini, carrots, poppy seeds, raisins all go into this muffin. and it's good. and now i'm damn hungry.I just tried their chicken pot pie, and it was by far one of the best chicken pot pie I have tasted. Working in Philly for a while, I grew to love this place. Love the awards system and reasonably priced sandwiches. Highly recommend eating from this place for lunch!Love their breads and ready made foods. Their brioche loaf is tasty and they can slice everything for you there.Great little shop. The soup and half sandwich deal is great and not expensive. I caved and got an oatmeal raisin cookie, which was wonderful. I will be back!Wonderful, creative, and fresh sandwiches at an unbelievably reasonable price. The Delhi and the Atlantic are my favorite sandwiches of theirs. Their Marrakesh couscous is also delicious.Le bus is the only lunch place in center city that I consistently go to and get excited about.
Most of their sandwiches have dairy. But, I get the jersey literally every time I go. Which some weeks is 3+ times. That's how consistently good it is. 
Le bus is a diamond in the rough for what I personally feel is a lacking of true lunch spots in center city (from my limited perspective).
I'm going today.Delicious bread to eat for any occasion.  Sandwiches are great too.  Top it off by walking over to Rittenhouse and eating in the park.This place is a gem! Cheap prices, delicious food, great selection, and friendly staff. The salads are inexpensive (around $6-7) and the chocolate chip cookies are fantastic! This place is perfect for grabbing breakfast or getting some yummy lunch. There are two tables in the back where you can sit, but if it's a nice day I suggest you walk 1 block over to the park and sit on a bench. Lovely!Eh...
The breads are boring and dry to me...
The sandwiches are boring and dry to me...
It's too small for me...
I'm not a sweets person so that has no appeal to me...
'Tis not meant to be for Le Bus and me.Solid food and solid prices!  This is a fantastic bakery with really nice crusty breads and amazing croissants.  I love carbs so for me, I can't get enough of this place.  Their cranberry walnut breads are my favorite.  
The place gets pretty busy because there isn't too much seating so make sure you come early because there might be a wait but it's worth it!  The prices are super reasonable which is one of th reasons I keep coming back!Finally went for lunch after months of my friend talking about it and let me tell you, this place is worth the hype. The line i long but moves fast and the sandwiches are fresh and on incredible bread (my favorite part). My friend has had every single sandwich on the menu and raves about them all. I had the capri today and can't wait to try a new one next week, but to be honest, I might go back and pick one up for dinner.I've only had their rolls and cookies and they were delicious. I love the mini chocolate chip cookies. They are always soft and the perfect little size. Both the pumpkin seed and raisin rolls are very tasty and only .60 something cents each!CHALLAH. ITS ALL ABOUT THE CHALLAH.
I'm not Jewish, but my bf is and now that we're living together I get to honor the Sabbath every week too! However, my lack of Jewish-ness means that I have no experience making my own challah and am far too intimidated to try (lest I end up with a less than perfect outcome). At first I tried Metropolitan's challah since they're right around the corner from us, but on a whim I swung by Le Bus instead to grab a loaf (unsliced, although they offered to do it for me). 
God knew the gift he bestowed with challah, but Le Bus seems to have perfected the recipe. Its sooooo incredibly soft, light and yet still eggy and rich and mouth-wateringly tasty. I can only imagine how amazing some french toast made from this challah would taste, especially since we ended up consuming the whole loaf! No idea what their other breads taste like (yet), but I know where to go each Friday!With shiny, newer Dibruno's down the street, I had forgotten about this great, classic Philly bakery.
I LOVE the sun dried tomato rolls with a soup.  
The fridge case in the back has the salads.
They have paninni grills at the ready- curried chicken salad, veggie sandwiches, "The Atlantic" salmon sammy, and turkey.  Plus, they do half sandwich portions!!  
I sometimes grab a pot pie or quiche to throw in the toaster oven for dinner.
The prices are a throwback to like five years ago.  Seems like a really good value for cooked from scratch goodness.    ($1 or so cheaper per item for the similar items at DB).Best chicken salad sandwich! I got 1/2 of the amazing curry chicken salad on fresh toasted raisin bread with a side of delicious chili...all for $6.50! One of the best lunch deals in the city for the quality of food. Everything was fresh, light and awesome, with barely any wait despite the long line at lunch rush.
Highly recommend!Above average bakery with great lunchtime sandwiches! I didn't wanna throw 5 stars at this place merely because I've only been here once, and though I was impressed, I didn't want to overrate it. I had the hummus sandwich which had been on light yet grainy bread with the thinnest sliced cheese I had ever seen. I usually pass on the cheese but trust me it complimented the hummus very nicely. However, there were also thin apple slices on the sandwich... I could  have done without these. 
Grab a massive cookie for dessert! Though they appear thick and hard they are remarkably soft and fresh- tasting.This is a great spot to pick up a takeaway lunch.
The sandwiches/bread are excellent, as are the cakes/soups...
Definitely worth stopping by...I've had Le Bus pastries, I used to eat them all the time because I worked at Caffeination, which sold them, but I never actually ate at LeBus. My friend and I were getting grumpy because we were shopping while hungry, so we stopped in to grab some food. It was empty, so there was no wait, and they had a special, half a sandwich with a cup of soup for like $6. I had their vegetarian chili, which was awesome, full of beans and vegetables, it had these GIANT carrots in it, and I had a tuna sandwich, which was perfect. It wasn't expensive and made it so that my friend and I were able to keep shopping.Yesterday I bought a yummy biscotti, and the checkout staff are very friendly. I love the sandwiches, cookies and biscotti.  They always hit the spot!  Also, ask for a punch card, I think they give you something free after so many purchases.Soooo delicious. I was in town for work and asked (while doing a little lunch time shopping) the checkout girl at Free People where to go and get something good - not like Cosi or Subway. So -- she reco'd Le Bus and I was SO IMPRESSED!!
Despite the amazing-looking array of sandwiches, including beloved hummus, I went for the "best tuna salad in Philly". Such a delish sandwich - amazing hearty whole grain bread, awesome tuna salad, lettuce, tomato, and hard-boiled egg. Paired with some awesome gazpacho - yum. And, they even panini-pressed my sandwich. Next time I'm in Philly, I'm going back for more.
Cheers!A few of us from the office headed down to Le Bus for lunch recently.  It was the.
Despite a craving for a tuna salad I spotted the 'Lebanon' in all its glory.  The bread looked absolutely wonderful overflowing with deep brown grains and inside was fresh veggies and hummus.  The friendly man behind the counter quickly threw it on the panini grill and I raced back to the office to dig in.  It was fantastic.  They also had what looked to be some incredible grilled cheese sandwiches.  I'll definitely be back.I have been coming here for years and they are still delicious! They have a nice selection of yummy sandwiches, soups and salads. They are usually busy and quick service. Yesterday stopped by for lunch and got the Vegetarian sandwich with eggplant and fresh mozzarella cheese. Delicious panini. Slso, for those who like la colombe coffee, if you get coffee they have la colombe!! I will come back soon.thanks for still having quick and courtesy service and delicious products.Stumbled into Le Bus around lunch one day to see what type of prepared food options they offered. They have a case full of sandwiches made on their delicious bread. They also have a few soups to choose from. I ordered the vegetarian chili and half a grilled cheese and tomato sandwich. Both were outstanding! The grilled cheese had cheese melted inside and on top. Not only was the food delicious, but their prices were great too. A 16 oz chili and half a sandwich ran me about $6. For the quality of the products I consider that a steal! They have a very small space in the back if you want to sit. It seems most people get their items to go. I will be back now that I have my sandwich card!Always been a fan of this place. I go often with friends for brunch on Sundays. Usually the wait isn't too bad, and Main St. has free parking. The homemade bread and jam is delicious and something I always look forward to before my meal. They consistently have interesting specials (this past weekend was Cannoli French Toast), and the food always comes out fresh. Service is above average. Breakfast prices are what you would expect for Manayunk ($10-14) for an entree. Love going here in the summer when you can sit outside.how have i not given enough text to my go-to sandwich stand?
simply: some of the best sandwiches in philly. artful, humungo, yummy. breat and meat and sauces -- what's that? it's not hard to do, you say? true, but that doesn't make doing it better than anyone else in the 215 area codeless impressive. artisan breads and meats i've never once had to discreetly spit out for chewiness or fat...mmmmm. toated or not, vegetarian or not, just yum. of course, one should not discount the vegetarian chili that is filling and fantastic!!!
and if i didn't mind never having sex again, i'd live on their fresh bread pudding. 
their muffins also hit the spot, particularly the mighty muffin, though i've never been a huge fan of their salads or pastries. but their tea loaves are fab fab fab -- try the lemon cake of the cranberry walnut one. (for bonus points, unwrap it, heat it up by the slice for dessert with some lemon curd and say you made it.)
another plus, the people that work here are consistently friendly, funny, sweet and helpful!  
previous reveiw:
ok, so right off the bat, i'm acknowledging that how great your food is depends on what you get. the leafy salads aren't always fresh, for example. 
but other than that, the sandwiches are soooo heavenly good and hearty and large and filling and scrumptious. try the delhi, which is curry chicken salad on walnut raisin bread. YUM. and the vegetarian chili, also a wow. plus it comes with a roll (though sometimes you have to remember to ask). 
and the dessert-y things are fab too, especially the mighty muffin. zucchini, carrots, poppy seeds, raisins all go into this muffin. and it's good. and now i'm damn hungry.Just had the Spinach Quiche - SO GOOD! light and fluffy with plenty of cheese.  And the crust was absolutely delicious.  It was around $5.25.Le Bus is a great lunch place and bakery.  If you're wondering why you would go there for a sandwich instead of the deli around the corner, I can tell you.  Le Bus took the idea of a deli and sent it through the roof.  Want a chicken salad sandwich? Try the Delhi-- a curried chicken salad with slices of hard-boiled egg on artisan raisin bread (possibly the best sandwich bread ever).  Or tired of that plain turkey sandwich? Get the Jersey-- a turkey sandwich on a french baguette that you can have panini pressed (but just a little). Not a meat eater? Great!  Try the Sicilian or the grilled cheese.  Both are insanely good.  
I could go on all day about the sanwiches, so lets talk about the lunch combo option and the sandwich card you can get. First, the lunch combo is under $6.50 for a half sandwich and soup (the store's choice), and the soup choices are delicious and atypical of anywhere in the city. I'm talking cucumber dill soup, a clam chowder that's to die for, borscht, gazpacho, chili, etc. It's all pretty delicious. Once you buy your sandwich or your lunch combo, get the sandwich card.  You get your tenth sandwich free.  It's a great item to have because you'll want to treat a friend to a sandwich, or buy one with your significant other and split it (they're definitely big enough to do that). You'll be getting your tenth free in no time. 
The only drawback that I have is the fact that once the sandwiches are gone, they're gone. Going there at 2pm after the lunch rush will leave you to find the remnants of mangled sandwiches and crusts of bread.  But, it's just a testament to how great this place is. The bottom line: the next time you want lunch, don't stop by the average deli-- go to Le Bus and make yourself happy.I was just in Le Bus and attempted to order a toasted bagel. I was literally yelled "No" at because it's "lunchtime". There were bagels to be had and lunch sandwiches could be toasted, but nope. No toasted bagel for me. The service was beyond rude and I left quite perturbed. I don't think I've ever been yelled "No" at in a Rittenhouse establishment before. Despite LeBus, having delightful bagels I think I will be taking my business elsewhere, like Spread or DiBruno or Chestnut Street bagels, where I can get customer service that is remotely acceptable.I got a chocolate croissant and almond biscotti from the bakery. The almond biscotti was super sugary and lack of any other discernible tastes. The chocolate croissant was soft, too buttery, and again super sugary with mediocre chocolate. If you like sugar this is the place for you. For me...meh you get better pastries from Whole Foods.CONS:
Don't expect high-class service. The help here is more like the people you will find at some boutique on South Street. They were loud and not focused on the customer. Also, their sandwich container was only about 25% fill. So they had about 5 choices. Everything about the place seemed a little "not finished."
PROS: 
I opted for the Capri sandwich and felt like I was in Rome again. They grilled it for me, so the prosciutto was warm and the whole sandwich a bit oily but incredible. The price is reasonable seeing that it Le Bus and right next door at La Cigale they charge more for the same sandwich and no reputation. Their chocolate cookies are a great lunch dessert.I. Love. Le Bus. Their veggie chili simply cannot be beat. It is both delicious and a great freaking deal among the overpriced lunch options in Center City. For like, simple, filling cheap lunch, this is always my favorite. Their other offerings are fairly comparable by price, but the quality and size is great. Every sandwich I've had here is great, but I also love their couscous with veggies and raisins, which is solidly two meals (great hot and cold!). 
Definitely not an eat-in place, and it's really small so it can get smushy when there's a line, but I've never had to wait more than like, 7 minutes probably. For short lunch breaks or lunch dates, this is of value to me! More time to do errands or eat in the park.I write this review immediately after enjoying the Delhi sandwich: curried chicken salad with egg on a delicious raisin bread. The ratio between bread and chicken salad was perfect. A lot of places are cheap and give you 90% bread with 10% substance. At Le Bus, you've got enough between the slices that you're not being gypped, but not so overstuffed that the sandwich just falls apart into a big mess. 
While quickly browsing, I noted that their bread loaves looked terrific, and averaging at less than $5. At checkout, I was tempted to try their chocolate chip cookie and I'm glad I did. Huge cookie, with a crisp outer and a soft, chewy inside. At $1.75, I thought it was a great deal. 
Speaking of price, as others have mentioned, the quality of food here is impressive for such low prices. Perfect place to grab a tasty lunch and walk to the park (or back to your apartment/office/hotel).