nice hidden gem in a neighborhood over run with bourgy mediocre spots. nice owner, friendly/quick service, good cheap grill food. i'd recommend the spinach/chicken cheesesteak--real chicken (not the thin slab things you see everywhere) and hefty portions. you can even get it with fries and a soda for only 8 bucks. they have a big selection of junk food/desserts and drinks too. can't wait to go back. actually kinda want to go right now.Ordered a cheesesteak w/ fried onions and american cheese. It was straight-up gross. It had greasy little scraps of steak-like substance, no fried onions all on a kinda stale roll. Yuck.I order the crab cake sandwich and a cheese steak. I heard a lot of great thing but don't really know know why it taste like any other food you get at a corner store. I also grab a carrot cake because I saw some reviews,those were delicious and moist. I could've probably ate like 5 of them. The other food was just typical.I've now been here a few times, mostly trying their veggie steak. The steak is made with seitan and has carrots and bell peppers. If you don't even know anything about cheesesteaks you're probably still able to gather that it doesn't usually come with carrots. This threw me off the first 1 or 2 times I tried it, but it started to grow on me. The seitan isn't the best I've had, but I like it better than what I've had at Govinda's. It's flavored with salt and pepper (peppered well but not really spicy). It's a good fix if you're vegetarian/vegan and craving something that tastes close to a traditional cheesesteak. The owner is also very nice and seems to take pride in satisfying his customers. 
Other details...Be aware that the place is pretty cramped inside, especially if there are a lot of people waiting for food. There is limited seating inside. It's more like a corner store with 3 booths/picnic tables. When folks are waiting for food, they randomly stand in the walkway. So you will more than likely be getting bumped either by people looking at items on chip and beverage stand, or folks trying to maneuver around you to get in or out of their seats. So, it's better to call your order in and pickup. (On a nice day, there is comfortable outside seating nearby.) It is also cash only, but an ATM is available on the premises, for a $2 fee of course.Ordered 2 Salmon platters to go. We were not given Salmon, some other sort of white fish. When called they attempted to explain the fish look and taste and claimed it was Salmon. Food was good but not what we ordered/paid for.Lee's is a greasy food joint. They do greasy food alright. I've had there sandwich from them and they are decent. They have some vegan version of a cheese steak that I say far way from. 
Their fries are decent. They are crab fries and cooked well. I like them loaded with old bay seasoning. They're pretty tasty. No Chickie and Petes. but they do the trick.
There chicken fingers are okay too. All in all, it's an okay place, that does the trick, and is priced well.I walk by this little place every day, and I decided to stop in and try their  Seitan Philly cheese 'steak'.  SOOOO tasty!!!  I can't believe I hadn't stopped in here before now.  
For being such a tiny place, they do a LOT, and they have quite a decent vegetarian selection.  
They have every beverage imaginable, including unsweetened iced tea, which I pretty much gave up being able to find anywhere.
The owner was extremely friendly, very helpful, and tempted me into a piece of carrot cake, which was absolutely delicious!
The place was extremely clean, and so was the staff (which may seem like an odd thing to comment on, but it's something I always look at).  
I know that they're not purely Vegetarian by any means, but they didn't just throw a Boca burger on a bun!  They're well thought out dishes, that are MUCH better than the humble appearance of the store would indicate.    
I'll be back, for sure!Bahhh I was so ready to fall in love with this place but it's such a local gem I'm always around to give it a few shots.
i've gotten the infamous chicken cheesesteak, which I thought was good -- but not like Yelpers have raved about. i think I got too much hype :(
THE CARROT CAKE IS TO DIE FOR THOUGH. I think I almost have diabetes from the amount I've eaten from there ..
I got grits, eggs and bacon from there before. It took a bit longer than I had thought, maybe about 15 minutes. But at least they make the grits fresh then?! Very standard breakfast. Quick, good, can't complain. I just need a bit more umph to push it to 4 stars :)I base this review on one visit and one sandwich. My friend raved about the cheesesteaks and chicken cheesesteaks here. Not so much. My buffalo chicken cheese"steak" was kind of gross. I'm not sure it was really chicken. I ate about 1/3 of it. Also, do NOT use the restroom here. It is worse than any bar bathroom I have ever been in, and some creepy dude hangs around back there.After reading the great reviews, the food just wasn't what I expected . I ordered a burger with egg and bacon on top with fries . The fries were completely over cooked I forced myself to eat them. My burger was still pink in the middle . Maybe I'll try another meal and stay away from the burgers and fries there LolBlack bean burger is really good. The shrimp in the fried rice and broccoli was overcooked and mushy which was disappointing. My brother had the black bean cheesesteak and said it was delicious.Nice little spot that is often overshadowed by its awesome neighbors. I got the chicken and broccoli sandwich and that shit was killer. Its got your variety of hug juices, rap snacks, and what not, but its also got some of the best hoagies on this side of the river. Pop in. Enjoy it.The food on my third visit was good. However,  I had to use cash that wasn't mine to pay for my purchase.  They refer you to a mac machine to pay a fee. A sign should be posted that they only want cash paying customers.This is a good breakfast spot. I've had some other things but nothing else sticks out except their breakfast food... And every now and then- their cheesesteaks.  O- and of course the individual carrot cakes at the counter. This is one of the last places u can taste the legendary carrot cake man's recipe. ( If u catch him before he delivers them, they are 50 cents cheaper.)DESPISE this place. Owner is rude. Smell bad. I found tuft of beard hair in my greasy greasy cheesesteak. DisgustingA great place for more than "Philly" food!
West Philly is booming!
And this is the place to grab a breakfast sandwich or grits and shrimp!
And a Hoagie won't cost $10's !!!
Loved my first visit and since then they have remodeled!!!Lee's Deli is a small corner deli with a surprisingly tasty Seitan "Chicken Cheesesteak" sandwich. The other food I've had is just okay so I wouldn't really recommend anything other than that Seitan chicken cheesesteak.  Be aware that it takes a while to prepare the food.
Here's the rundown (I used ^ to indicate a half-star and * for a full star. So, ***^ means 3.5 stars):
**** Seitan chicken cheesesteak is delicious. The seitan "chicken" is fried up perfectly with a bit of a sear. The sandwich is great with fried onions & some sauce. 
*** Corned beef sandwich was cold but otherwise fine.
*** French fries are pretty basic. They're nice with cinnamon sprinkled on top.
**^ Chicken sandwich with broccoli or spinach: The chicken breast is overcooked but if you don't mind that, the sandwich is otherwise okay.
^ Onion rings are bad. They're not actually real slices/rings of onions that are deep-fried. Rather, these "onion" rings are made of some mixture of flour or meal or other crap. They're gross & don't taste good.
Cash only.I first tried Lee's Deli during the Baltimore Dollar Stroll and I have dined in on two other occasions. The Korean owners are so nice and remembered me on my second visit! I love the big portions and think their prices are very affordable.
I have really liked everything I've tried and I would rather bring a friend here for a cheesesteak rather than one of the tourist traps in Philly. Of everything I have tried (oops, didn't always take pics), I have liked the Korean BBQ Cheesesteak the most! The meat is tender, juicy, flavorful and the cheese isn't overwhelming but just enough (I'm lactose sensitive haha). How awesome is it that they include vegetables too?? I think each time I go back it will be such a dilemma to just get it again or try more things on the menu. Guess I will just have to bring people with me so we can try each other's food! I usually order fries to share on top of our cheesesteak orders too, and I'd say the large portion of fries was probably too much between two people and more doable between three. I like that the fries are crispy, well-seasoned and don't have excessive salt like most places though. I always leave feeling satisfied! I also recently tried the Carrot Cake Man muffin--hadn't heard of it before, but now I see what the hype is about. They told me to take it home and microwave before eating, and I did just that! Such a friendly business in the area, I am glad to see they have been around for 25 years.
It's too bad they are a small place and can't accommodate large groups though. My church is also in the area and they are also closed on Sundays (they are Christian)...I'd totally come every week if I could haha.I decided to give Lee's a try after my friend raved about them. My experience was very disappointing. I ordered the Belly Buster over the phone and picked it up 15 minutes later. I arrived home about 5 minutes later and opened a soggy, flavorless excuse of a cheesesteak. There was so much liquid in the container the roll was inedible. I tried to salvage the meal by just eating the meat, but it was overly chewy and lacked some serious seasoning! I decided it wasn't worth the calories and tossed it.I had high expectations for Lee's.  Lee's came highly recommended and has high recommendations on Google Maps and other sites.  I got the Korean BBQ cheesesteak.  It was good.  This may have been all night off night for all of us. The college students are still on winter break so things were slow.  Very tasty Korean BBQ cheesesteak and the veggies make it healthy.  I was hoping to be wow'd.  Good Cheesesteak experience.An outstanding greasy-spoon diner. Their breakfast sandwiches can't be beat. Their cheesesteaks are greasy, filling, and delicious (including the vegan cheesesteak!). And they've got Carrot Cake Man Carrot Cake on the counter! A hidden gem on Baltimore Ave.Ordered two Korean BBQ Cheesesteaks with garlic Parmesan fries on the side a week ago and they were delicious! Left philly last week but haven't been able to stop thinking about that meal. Highly recommend!I have to admit that I had a hard time looking beyond fu-wah when I got hungry for a hoagie, but I wandered in here and innocently asked who I assume to be the owner what I should get. The result was an absolutely amazing chicken cheese steak with spinach. A tad too much mayo for my liking but my god was it good. Fu-wah is still next door but I think I may stick with Lee for a bit and work my way through their menu.i started getting breakfast here and all i can say is damn the food is good.Always consistently delicious food and really great, friendly service from this family-owned business. I love even more that their employees are family, too (many have been with them for a very long time). 
We went over the weekend (the first time during covid) and they were reassuring with masks on; a contactless Venmo option, and limiting the number of people in the store. Everyone else we saw who went in to pickup orders while we were there were also masked as well.
Thanks for being an institution in west Philly, Lee's Deli!I was going to post on Instagram, but I was too busy devouring the food to take a picture of it 
I've lived in the neighborhood 10 years and I always take my friends that visit here and they have never been disappointed! Mr. Lee is an artist. His sauces have a really nice kick, his menu is nothing like any other place I've been.  Service is quick and his quality is consistent.
This time, I got the OG chicken cheesesteak, but don't sleep on breakfast, either.
If you see something that sounds good on the menu, trust me, it is.my experience was ok.....,
the italian hoagie was ok.....
the gentleman who was making it was very  slow.... the lettuce was 2 thick... & my chicken cheese steak was done before the hoagie..... hoagie's r my specialty....& this italian hoagie was just ok........service was excellent.......THE CARROT CAKE WAS 
AMAZING....
i'm available for hoagie's.......just saying....
e-mail me.......My Sister mentioned Lee's Deli to me on a few occasions. So a few days before my birthday, we decided to take a 15 minute drive & grab something to eat. It's a pretty small restaurant sitting right on the corner of 47th Baltimore Ave. Clean, ATM, Big Menu & awesome service. I can't remember the exact name of the cheesesteak I order, but it had Shrimp & Broccoli on it !!! It was SOOO good.. I had cheese fries that were a bit salty, but it wasn't a big upset for me. I plan to visit again in the near future...THE GOAT. I've been back and forth to Lee's for years
First. The place is great and you can sit and eat is a plus and the staff are very friend
BUT THIS IS ABOUT THE FOOD FAM
Burgers are amazing, cheesesteaks are amazing (and it you're vegan they have vegan cheesesteaks and black bean burgers)
But what really sets them off is there street food/chinese food mixup dishes that they do. They're really remarkable. 
The location is great as well because its right near downtown so once you eat go take your lady on a nice walk afterwards.We tried Lee's out during the Baltimore Avenue Dollar Stroll. I had some fries and he had their Buffalo chicken cheesesteak.. Both were really good. The other day we were trying to figure out what to eat for a snack and I suggested Lee's. 
Check out the pics for all of their options for food. Burgers, vegan food, breakfast, lunch whatever you want.. We like that the menu has something for everybody.  Luis had their Buffalo cheesesteak again and said it was good but the Buffalo sauce they use is a bit thin so it makes the roll soggy. 
We sat in the car to eat because all of the booths were taken. I really wish they had more than four booths because we'd love to sit down and eat. Mr. Lee is friendly and probably knows most of his customers. The cooks in the back are always in  good spirits as well.Had the Korean BBQ Cheesesteak and Thai Chili Wings while my wife had a Turkey hoagie and Buffalo wings. The food was phenomenal, and the Korean BBQ Cheesesteak is unlike other cheesesteaks I've had. Portion sizes are great too. Lee's Deli is a highlight for West Philly for some great food and great service!As a born-and-raised Philadelphian, I can confidently say that Lee's is a personal favorite of mine (and a gem in the University City neighborhood). The food here is amazing, and Scott and his team are even more so. Can't wait to come back. Love this City, and love my Lee's!Confession: I'm a sucker for fryer food. And Lee's does it right.
True, this place doesn't look like much. It's one of those gems that most people don't even seem to know about because it doesn't look like the kind of place that will serve up anything special. There are cigarette ads on the windows, cases of sodas stacked up, and plenty of outdated flyers for the lottery. But don't let appearances fool you: Lee's serves up some of the best cheap eats in the neighborhood.
The menu is solid, the soda selection will satisfy any of your carbonated cravings. And then there's the carrot cake. As a cream cheese frosting junkie, the Carrot Cake Man's offerings make any place worth a visit or ten.
And I'll echo what was said before about the pride the owners take in this place. In fact, they encourage everyone who visits to go on yelp and see what people say about the food (and the cake!). They ask, I oblige.Maybe my last order 2 years ago was sub-par.. I don't know. But I ventured back craving a chicken cheesesteak as I've stopped eating beef recently. 
This time I got the chicken cheesesteak with spinach provolone and special sauce. It tastes great with or without the sauce -- but I like that the sauce is really sour and spicy to give it nice contrast. Like other yelpers have said -- it's huge chunks of fresh chicken breast -- don't expect the usual minced up / cut up meat that normally represents a cheesesteak. I will say that, I do sometimes crave that cut up minced up because it's less dry and absorbs cheese much better. But this is a great alternative
I also go the shrimp and chicken cheesesteak one time which was also great.
Carrot cake continues to be $1.50 and deliciously diabetic.I would give this place an infinity/5 if I could! It is SOOOO amazing!!! The seafood is such high quality for a great price, the protein you get is always pretty abundant (when many restaurants usually skimp on protein), everything just tastes really fresh and flavorful, and the combinations are quite creative. Such a well-designed menu and friendly staff. Get the sandwiches, anything seafood-related, sides, burgers...oh wait, basically the whole menu! I just had a game over cheesesteak today and the crab cakes over fried rice last week. I'm going to try some vegetarian stuff too. I'm so glad I found Lee's Deli.Amazing food and service. The Korean BBQ Cheesesteak was absolutely to DIE for. When I visited Philly, I heard good reviews about Lee's Deli so stopped by. It was SO good that I came back three times during my trip!!I went here on the advice of other yelpers who have raved about the food.I thought this place was a hole in the wall based on how the outside looked,but I was pleasantly surprised at the inside.It was small,but cozy and because I went on a Saturday morning,it was nearly empty,but for 2 regulars. The owner greeted me with a smile and gave me a menu with descriptions of all their goodies.I went there with the intent of getting breakfast,but once he said that the entire menu was available,I decided to try the item that made my mouth water the most.That broccoli chicken cheesesteak.ummm....chunks of fresh chicken breast,fresh broccoli,melted cheese,toasted hoagie roll and chili sauce on the side.It was truly delightful.The wait was a tad long but worth it.I will definitely call my order in next time. I can't wait to try some of the other yummy items on this menu.Tried the vegan cheesesteak but it tasted more like a spicy seitan vegetable stir-fry on a roll than anything remotely similar to a Philadelphia cheesesteak. The vegan 'cheese' sauce that's include in the description was nonexistent, and instead replaced with two unmelted slices of some processed soy cheese. Regardless, the sandwich was very flavorful, just wrongfully named a cheesesteak. 
Service was friendly and place was very busy during lunch hour. 
Would return again to try some other vegan options but proceed with caution when ordering the vegan cheesesteak.When I moved to West philly, everybody told me to try Mr. Lees breakfast... specifically the egg cheese susage bagel which is amazing. Just enough butter and cooked properly.
Mr Lee touts his spinach chicken cheesesteak as the best in philly and it does not fail to impress. Personally I enjoy the chicken cheesesteak with broccoli instead.
If you want good food at an extremely affordable price come to mr Lees! 
Also try the Hungryman breakfast special. 4 eggs, 2 orders of meat(SUAsage, bacon?) hashbrowns (whcih are DELICIOUS) toastOne, two, three, look at Mr. Lee
Three, four, five, look at him jive
Oh Mr. Lee, Mr. Lee
My heart is achin' for you Mr. Lee
'Cause I love your deli so
With apologies to the Bobbettes. 
The chicken steak is unparalleled in my extensive sample. The menu, while staying true to the beloved short-order grill, has enough surprising twists and thoughtful choices that I plan to eat my way through the menu--the Asian Fusion section is particularly alluring. The staff is charming and pleasant.Everything at Lee's is SO GOOD (and cheap and fast) all the time. Great options for vegans, vegetarians, and carnivores alike. Definitely get the Dijon sauce.Very disappointed of the service I've gotten today. I ordered a salmon steak and asked for NO CHEESE BUT ADD SPINACH, SHRIMP, and ONIONS. I gotten the complete opposite. They gave me cheese, broccoli, carrots, and added cinnamon on my fries. Do not repeat my order and still get it wrong: my stomach hurt so bad. I'm so disappointed!Best prices around the area for breakfast along with good taste. I had two other spots I went to also but they don't compare to lee's. This is the only one now .Good cheap eats that delivers!  After my second visit, the owner, Scott, has managed to remember me and what I ordered and make new recommendations accordingly.   The cheesesteak ($4) is greasy and delicious, and the handmade crab cake sandwich (onlh $3.50!) is equally satisfying.  Definitely check out this cozy neighborhood joint.First time here ... Grew up in this neighborhood and never tried it until today.. Just left the gym and was looking for something tasty but no too heavy.  Owner told me to try the chicken cheesesteak with shrimp and spinach and fried onions.  It was MADD good especially with the sauce that comes on the side.  I will definitely give this place another try.Lees is great.  Lee himself is almost always present at the front counter with a very polite neutral expression his face.  Calm, in control and helpful.  He doesn't talk you to death but is definitely willing to make suggestions or give a bit of advice.
We usually get Seitan hoagies when we come here and the sauces they have to accompany it.
I'm not going to lie and say this food is groundbreaking - its standard diner fare but the place looks clean, Lee recently remodeled and it really looks great and the people that work there are always really laid back, polite yet not overbearing or over smiley.  When I lived in W Philly I came to Lees almost exclusively after having a few Bahn Mi hoagies over at Foo Wa and finding them a bit dry (perhaps remaining true to tradition, I can't say) and just not my style.
Lees is a great scene with good food at good prices.  Love it.The best. Everything is good and it's always awesome. The atmosphere is fantastic and you get a carrot cake if you use the ATM. What more could you ask for??The Korean BBQ Cheesesteak? Say less. One of my good friends recommended Lee's Deli one day and decided to try the Korean BBQ Cheesesteak, Jesus that was good. Trust me and try it. You will thank me. I ended up buying two more for dinner/snack that day. I also recommend getting fries with it. That's a deadly combo. Just don't ask any questions and simply try the food. You will understand.Ordered takeout during these quarantine times.
My girlfriend and I ordered a pizza cheese steak and the wing platter (with two sides of potato salad and garlic parm fries). The cheese steak quality was amazing and fresh. The wing platter came with 2 more wings than advertised and really enjoyed the potato salad/fries as well. The owners are very nice and even added a free piece of cake because I used the ATM to take out cash. Great first visit and will be back!My new favorite spot! Can not wait to explore the menu. Their service and quality of food are both top notch. You will not be disappointed!!Mr Lee is a very nice business person running a great business.He is about to introduce a vegetarian sandwich made with Michaels savory seitan. A all natural vegan and vegetarian sandwich which is very popular in the Phila region and areas.You must taste his creations and you will see this is truly a delicious no fat low sodium all natural tasting veggie steak sandwich. Be ready for the next best sandwich coming out of Phila with Mr Lees SEITAN STEAK SANDWICH. He is using the best tasting Seitan on the planet being made from a local vendor and seitan maker for the past 20 years or so.Please try his creations and support the local farmers and vendors and eat healthy.Learn where your food is coming from and care for your enviornment support local eat local.MichaelGod bless Lee's Deli. The most delicious, reliable option in the neighborhood. A real gem. I recommend it to out of town visitors and center city folk as the best example of great West Philly food. I love the buffalo chicken cheesesteak, the egg and cheese croissant, the carrot cake. If West Philly didn't have Lee's Deli it would be a food wasteland. It's definitely greasy, in the best way possible.Lee's is a classic West Philly sandwich shop. You can get a huge variety of cheesesteaks there and all under $10 that will feed you for two meals. The Korean cheesesteak is a good starting point. The staff are pretty friendly too, and some veggie options but you can eat so much meat otherwise.I happened across Lee's Deli during my short trip to Philly to visit my friend who goes to UPenn. I'm from California, so I'm not really your typical cheesesteak eater. However, I fell in love with the cheesesteak at Lee's Deli. It makes me sad that I don't live here, because if I did then I would 100% be a regular here. 
I ordered the alfredo pasta with salmon and the original cheesesteak with mushrooms. I saw that there were some red sauces in my bag, so I asked one of the workers what it was. It looked like some kind of Asian sauce. The worker told me that it's a type of sweet and slightly spicy sauce that the customers love putting on everything, even the pasta and the cheesesteak. I thought, wow that is super interesting, because I never thought of adding anything Asian to these dishes. Well, I took the workers advice and let me be the first one to tell you -- PUT THAT SAUCE ON EVERYTHING. My taste buds were in heaven and I was so shocked that it went so well with the pasta and cheesesteak! The pasta itself was good (better with the sauce) but I wouldn't order it again. However, that cheesesteak is something that I'll be thinking about for a long time when I go back to California. 
Also! The owner is so kind. He gave me free banana bread and two bags of chips before I left. I was greatly appreciative for that!
I will be telling anyone that I know who decides to visit Philly to give Lee's Deli a try.Good corner sandwich spot. I've had the Korean BBQ cheesesteak, which I'd recommend, and the chicken cheesesteak with spinach and onion is good too. Mr. Lee is a really nice dude!On the western border of university city, Lee's Deli is a neighborhood institution. Their sandwiches and the house-made deserts are something to behold. When you stop by Lee's you'll enjoy generous portions and a very friendly staff who is more than happy to make recommendations. When the staff found out it was our first time there, they treated us to complementary carrot cake. 
They are very vegetarian friendly and feature two meatless cheesesteaks, both of which are delicious. I like the seitan cheesesteak a bit better than the black bean, but they're both quite good. The regular cheesesteak is amazing and tasted just as good the next day.Great greasy deli/breakfast food.. amazing fries and decent cheesesteaks. Love the charm of the spot and good serviceWhen I die I want to be buried with a Lee's cheesesteak. I love this place! The food is always great and prepared fast. I definitely recommend stopping by if you're in the west philly area!What's really great about this place is the staff! Nice old school staff who understands customer service and is willing to deliver it in the sweetest way possible.
HOWEVER, as a visitor in town from NY idk if I came here with high expectations or what. I mean, it is just a little staple corner deli spot so I can't expect the most, but I just thought the food would be more satisfying. I had chicken and waffles and my sister had the seafood platter that came with the grits.
I didn't like the texture of my waffles because they were a tad bit hard and cold. The boneless chicken was well seasoned and perfectly fried. My sister wasn't too happy about her grits, I tasted them... I'm with her on that. I prefer my grits with a creamier consistency and those grits were a bit too tough for us.
The bill ran us about $35 and now that I think about it we had to have been over charged. I still laugh because the person who took our order realized we weren't from the town and he flexed on us HARD! Gave us the ipad and showed us all the meals via the restaurant's instagram. We were like "OK, OK, I SEE WHAT YOU DID THERE". The food is edible and the service is great, just don't come here with high expectations.I had "The Game Over" chicken cheesesteak w shrimp & spinach & it was perfect. They make their own sauces & I had a spicy one that went well with my steak. As a kid in the 80s, I remember this spot being a classic diner with mini juke boxes at every booth. So it's pretty cool to see that although it's a different business, I can still get a decent burger, fries, & Coke.The best bacon, egg, and cheese sandwich in West Philly. The steaks are pretty good, too. Cash only, but you get a little extra something (chips or a slice of cake) if you use their ATM. I only wish they were open on Sunday.If you're ever in Philly and want to taste authentic philly cheese steaks this is the place to go! Portions are huge and the foods delicious. Definitely worth the moneyVegan cheesesteak AAA-grade. Seitan with onions peppers and sauce. Not sure how healthy it is to eat a gluten sandwich on a flour roll, but it sure was yummy. 
Got the fries also with black pepper only. As seldom as I eat fries, I gotta say, Lee's fries are worth the assault on my normal bland diet. They could have been hotter but they were not uniformly cold.
45 minutes later, no heartburn or discomfort of the gut. Lee's passed the test.
Noonish, Covid-Monday in August.I haven't had a single thing I don't like here, and my order is always correct. The homemade burgers and breakfast sandwiches are my faves, and the fries are always well-seasoned. I particularly love that they have (delicious) beef bacon as an alternative to pork (that's better than turkey bacon).I use to come here weekly back in the mid-90's through the mid-00's when I first lived in the area always getting the chicken cheesesteak.
Came back a couple years ago and the now "OG" Chicken Cheesesteak is just as good. The owners are no-nonsense but the service is quick. As of March 2021, no indoor dining and it's better to call ahead, especially during prime times. A staple of the dining community.Not sure if today was not a good day or this was the norm. I ordered the cheesesteak. Waaaaay too much oil used to cook the steak. Just horrible. Too many other sandwich shops that get it right the first time for me to go back. Can't recommend this oneChicken broccoli cheesesteak is very good.  Salmon cheesesteak. Come w shrimp and veggies. Carrots, broccoli fried onions green peppers!  Great eggs and bacon.Stopped in and grabbed a homemade cheese burger and fries
Awesome burger and fries done perfect.
Real ground beef Patty,not the frozen crap others use
Mr Lee is very nice and the service was quick and excellent.
Will be back again to try the other dishes!I've been here a few times to try some of there breakfast items and cheesesteaks. They make some bangin Korean infused cheesesteaks. The breakfast items are above average. However the menu is quite expensive and not something I can afford every other day. The owner is usually around in the shop with his wife. Very polite and courteous people. If the menu were a bit cheaper I'd like to think this place would become a regular favorite of mineEons ago a selfish friend of mine gave me ONE savory bite of a chicken spinach shrimp concoction that I forgot about until this very day. Oh, I thank the heavens that I remembered this taste as I rode down Baltimore Ave.  Lee's definitely has the sandwich game on lock. I like their creativity and dedication to an explosive taste experience. I bring all my out of town friends here to experience a cheesesteak with a twist!Went to lees on a whim after drooling over their Instagram page for a few weeks. Got a shrimp and chicken Alfredo cheessteak with spinach. It was aaaaammmaaaazing. The food is good the place is clean and cheery. The price is up there but the quality of the food particularly the bread and seafood is  worth paying more than I would normally. Mr Lee and staff are very friendly and patient while you choose from their endless selection.  Make it a point to stop here if you are in u city and on the prowl for good eats!!Cheese steaks are good and creative. Just pricey for average cheapo take out. On other hand if you compare it to regular plain cheese steak prices at the likes of Steve's, Pat's, etc, it's pretty darn good! Their seitan is pretty neat too (and I'm a big meat lover so that's good praise!). I miss them at the Dollar Strolls, used to be one of my favorite stops.Carrot cake is honestly the best I've ever had.
I've tried a few things from here and all have been good so far. Their Homemade burger is very big and filling. Today, I tried their new Parmesan and Garlic fries, very good.
Lee was at the counter and was very friendly and sweet.
Looking forward to more great food!Mannn this place is awesome I got the teriyaki chicken cheesesteak, damn that Asian fusion is good. 
Friendly, welcoming Vibes as well and I appreciated the token of a free carrot cakeI've been here a handful of times and been trying new things each time. I recently had the salmon cheesesteak with mayo and cheese with this Thai chili sauce. It was hella bomb! The area where the place is cute. The staff was very hospitable.I had been craving a good old-fashioned burger, so I went to UPenn cafe...terrible. Here I am a few days later & I figured I'd try another neighborhood spot, so I went to Lee's - best decision of the week! I got a double cheeseburger that was so delicious & so classically good. Customer service is on point as well.top tier vegan cheesesteak! seitan and peppers, but they have several different veg options. i ate here once, can't remember if it was a long wait or i was just starving. but the meal was more than sufficient in size and flavor. and they didn't charge  as much as other places either (:Amazing food for a great price. I've been a customer here since I was a child, and the place has evolved beautifully. Customer service is always warm and inviting. I usually get the rice with chicken shrimp and veggies, but everything on the menu is delicious. All ingredients are always fresh and made to order.  Always one of my first choices when I'm really hungry and in the area.This store got me in the dog house, my wife wanted a cold Reuben sandwich with American cheese and extra sauce and a bag of chips and some spicy chicken soup. They cooked the Reuben gave me plain chicken noodle soup and no chips.Still very good. They make a nice Vegetarian Cheese steak, which is my favorite in the hood. Good vegetarian options(Black Bean Burger) as well as breakfast available all day. They spruced up the place and have a new sign outside. Staff very nice.