Legal Sea Foods has truly gone gonzo for global. I found them in the Philadelphia International Airport while waiting for a flight home. Had about an hour and one half so I sat down for some delicious Yuengling , 23oz, icy cold and food. Ordered some Kumamoto oysters, I know they're small, have had them several times before, but these should not have been served. They were actually almost non-existent, period. Very disappointing. 
On the bright side, the Fruite De Mare Cesar Salad was phenomenal. Cajun grilled shrimp, mussels both steamed and marinated, clams, grilled calamari, marinated clams, shredded Boston lettuce with a nice balsamic vinaigrette - it was really not a Cesar dressing but this was delicious anyway. The shrimp were large and flavorful, nicely grilled, the seafood was all fresh, even the marinated mussels and clams were excellent. The calamari was tender and charred just right. Lettuce was crisp. Croutons to boot. A complete success and quite a deal at about $15.95. Lesson learned, don't order Kumamoto's out of season in an airport. Otherwise, nice.They've got some pretty good drinks here..check out their specialy menu!Had dinner here on a lay over at PHL. This would be a 5 star review except it took a while for a server to greet me and my order was slightly off. My swordfish was excellent! Tender and moist with a sauce that complimented the fish without overpowering it. The sides were ok. The key lime pie was very good with a nice presentation. It is a little pricey but not out of line for having to deal with airport regulations.I won't eat here on my own coin because it ain't cheap, but when on business?!  You better believe it!  It's fantastic!  I'm from Maryland originally and I'm a critic of crab cakes. Most crab cakes don't come close. The crab cake here?  Outstanding!!!  Actually one of the best I've ever had. The scallops and shrimp were grilled to perfection. I chose the lite NE clam Chowder and didn't regret one bite!!
Three Mojitos and finished with a bowl of ice cream and I had a memorable meal. My waitress Jennifer was on her game and super friendly. 
Officially Phillies best restaurant and didn't let down the Legal Sea Foods brand by being in an airport terminal. Fantastic. I'm in love.Exceptional clam chowder! Stopped by to put a few down before my flight to grunge town!On a nightmare of a miserable day stuck in rainy Philly instead of being in a tropical paradise, dealing with the awful american airlines we really needed some positive. The staff here was really amazing, comped us some soups and helped us find cool things to do and a place to stay overnight. Really above and beyond , they gave me hope we can salavage this trip.  Thanks guys!Quick bite to eat before flight.   Sat at bar, great service.  Had the lunch special of shrimp and avocado!  Lite but good!We had Greek salad, salmon, lobster role, and chicken tenders it was all great. This is a great place to go to if you have dinner in the Philadelphia airport!Actually, I wanted to give Legal Sea Foods at the Philadelphia airport 3+ stars.  The entire airport on a Sunday afternoon was a madhouse.  Legal Sea Foods was noisy, crowded and customers were waiting for a table.
Unfortunately to avoid a wait I chose to sit at a small communal table with backless wooden stools.  Extremely uncomfortable.  I realize airport restaurants are expensive to operate, but everything felt crowded and pushed together.  My back was to the bar and I was frequently bumped by people passing by. It's like the restaurant is committed to making every inch count.  Not a relaxing atmosphere to enjoy a rather pricey dinner.
I lived in Boston for l4 years and was pleased to see scrod on the menu.  It was okay, but not the best by far that I've ever had.  The pale crumbs on the top needed to be browned.  I had to ask for rolls, which were excellent.  The string onion rings were very good as was the polenta.  The meal came out from the kitchen hot and the plate was also hot. The wait for the food to arrive was less than I anticipated after seeing how busy they were.
The server was attentive.  She checked back several times and gave me a to go cup of iced tea to send me on my way.  Looking around, I saw other servers hustling and being attentive to the customers. Considering how busy Legal Sea Foods was, that's pretty impressive.Had a 4 hour layover in Philly due to flight delays. Had a lot of time to kill and Legal had the best Yelp reviews, so I gave it a shot. The service was attentive and very friendly. The seafood was VERY fresh and delicious. I got the NE Clam Chowder, shellfish sampler (2 little necks, 3 cherrystones, and 3 oysters all raw). Perfection. I also had the Maryland Crab Cake and a House Salad along with w glasses of Sauvignon Blanc.  Airport restaurant or not, this place has their act together. Stop in if you find yourself on a layover, or delay in Philly, you'll be glad you did.Great gluten free selections (many, many choices...and we're not talking only salads here). Nice beverage selection and friendly staff. This is one of the few places where I've been able to have GF fish and chips. Huge portions and the seafood is yummy.Best food at an airport ever! Ridiculously good!!
FRESH seafood! Salad was excellent! Deserts and drinks rocked!One of my favorite restaurant chains.
You can always count on fresh, delicious and tasty seafood options.
I had the grilled salmon and seafood gumbo, it was all delicious.
I also like they have a phone charger under the bar .Friendly and helpful bartenders. Definitely recommend the crab cake sandwich. It's mostly crab and not filler (what a novel concept). Tastes great! Good dining experience when passing through Philly airport.Breakfast there this morning before the bothersome trek to terminal f. Catch the bus to catch the flight, yuck. Quiet place to have a full breakfast, which is not a meal that first comes to mind with this chain. Three eggs seemed more like two. And one measly slice of toast made it feel even skimpier.  Guy next to me drank two coors lights before 9 am. I was impressed. Then I saw the pilot's wings....just kidding. Cheerful service early in the morning rescued the third star. Otherwise it's 2 stars only for charging full price for what appeared to be 2/3rds portions.Excellent. Not your typical airport restaurant. Would bring my family here on vacation it is so delicious.Despite the frigid cold January temperatures, the first thing I noticed when sitting down here for dinner was how hot and stuffy it was.  While I accept the explanation that the temperature is controlled by the airport, it would be a good idea if the restaurant installed a few ceiling fans.  Even the waiter was perspiring from the excessive heat.   I can only wonder what it's like in the kitchen.  But the waiter was super nice and friendly and my food arrived promptly.   The salmon had a fancy name with several adjectives and was supposed to be "seared."   It tasted exactly like the previously frozen salmon I buy in the supermarket and bake in the oven - not at all impressed.  The prices was moderate, but the quality of the food and preparation leave much to be desired.   I doubt I'll be back.I just love Legal and was heartbroken when DCA replaced them with Harry's Tap Room. On a recent trip to Europe, one of the few reasons I will fly to PHL, we added extra layover for safety and lunch. We knew long before we left the ground at BWI not only where we we going but what we were having, lobster roll with fries and clam chowder! 
    Two hours of anticipation and it was as good as we had hoped. Many airport places sling hash at you so quickly that enjoying a leisurely meal is not an option, not here. Our server asked how much time we had, and having plenty, the speed of service was relaxed and helped us whittle away much of our layover. 
   Thanks Legal for bringing some class to PHL. If the airport ground crew could onlyoperate as well as the staff at Legal, then many PHL would no longer be one of the worst airports on the East coast.Overpriced. Food so tiny I had to search for it with my magnifying glass. Who can ruin french fries? Legal Seafood did! They were dried out and tasteless. I should have eaten my shoe laces instead.  The crab cake had too much gloppy sauce on it...reminded me of big MAC sauce...I didn't want a big mac, I wanted a crab cake!  Spinach was tasteless. The calamari was horrid!  Dried out and tasteless. My daughter refused to eat it and she loves calamari. Very rubbery.  For an upscale place, I was shocked.Delicious and fast service! I sat at the bar on a long layover and had a lovely experience. The person behind the bar was very knowledgeable and friendly and the atmosphere wasn't too crowded. I was going to order the fried clams but when prompted about food allergies I let her know I couldn't ingest dairy. She said there definitely was buttermilk in the batter so I chose the seared shrimp instead! It was amazing. I got the brown rice and seaweed salad as my sides (to pretend to be healthy) and I have never been more pleasantly surprised. The brown rice was AMAZING. Like. So. Good. It has leeks in it I guess? I've never been more glad to have brown rice on my plate, and that's saying something. The shrimp was well seasoned and the server made sure to tell me the kitchen made sure to not use dairy. I ate with reckless abandon and inhaled that rice, I've never loved brown rice so much. And I think my favorite finishing touch was the fact that I got my check immediately after my order was put in (so I wouldn't have to suddenly dash for my gate and have to wait to pay or anything! I just put down the cash, said goodbye and left at my leisure! And the bartender even offered to put my ginger ale in a to go cup which I kindly declined but wow that's nice). Also, paper straws. So nice, such a small thing to most people, but a nice feeling for me. If I'm ever here again at PHL (very likely) then I'm coming here if I have the time between flights. Thank you!Had time to kill waiting for a flight back home so since they had a big bar with TV's playing sports, I figured I had found my home for the next 3 hours.
I asked for a Bud Light, and was told they were out - would a regular Bud do? Sure. That was only the hint of what was to follow. I had 1 or 4 Buds and decided to order a bite to eat. The crabcake sandwich was decent, a lot more bun than crabcake but the flavor was good. Not the best but still pretty good.
I'm eating and enjoying my Bud when there's a little flurry of discussion among the bartenders - there were about 6 of them! Seems all the beer on tap was out. No draft beer? On a Monday afternoon? How can this happen? But I figure, no worries, I'm drinking nice frosty bottles of Bud. 
I ask one of the myriad bartenders if they could replace my once again empty bottle with a new, better, full one. Uh, sorry sir, we're all out. But they did offer to get me some other local beer that is gluten-free. No thanks, I said. I paid and left, wondering how this could have happened. I've never ever ever seen a bar run out of beer before. All the other guests at the bar were commenting on it too.Due to a late connection flight, we went twice to the resto.
We had a cocktail, the tuna burger with fries and the lobster ravioli (this was too salty).
I guess it was just a bad choice from us ; in general we like it here.Missed my connecting flight by 15 minutes, thanks US Air, so I had three hours to kill in PHL.  Took a look around at options and decided I would give Legal Sea Foods a try.  I was immediately impressed by the power strips under the bar that allow you to charge up your phone will you dine, now that's an idea whose time has come.  Menu was good and I liked how they provide calorie, fat, sodium information right there on the menu for each item.  I was deciding between the grilled trout or the fish and chips but thanks to the nutrition guide I went with the trout.  Boy was I glad I did, the trout was great...much better than I was expecting, and the sides were tasty as well.  What I thought would be a long three hour wait was actually pretty decent as I ate good food, drank good beer and watched some basketball before I had to make my connection.This is the best sit down restaurant at the Philly Airport.  If you have time this is the place to eat while flying.  They are a medium end sea food restaurant located close to terminal B.  If I eat dinner here, I usually have the Crab Cakes which are chunky and not too breaded.
I am having breakfast here today.  Their omelette are fluffy and made with fresh ingredients.  They have very good bacon.
The bottom line is if you are flying and need to eat at the airport, this is the place to do it.Nice clean bar.  Nice bartenders.  If you are in PA, then stop here and get a drink and a lobster roll!!!!I'm in this Legal location 3-4 times a month. Service at breakfast today was terrible. 18 minutes after taking a seat to get a server to my table. Another 15 minutes to get food. After I finished eating the check was already on my table. I then waited 23 minutes for them to take the check and process it. The only reason I ever cashed out was because the manager walked by and I flagged him down. Pathetic service and they weren't even busy. Very disappointed!Outstanding gluten free menu with lots of delicious options. I was torn between the popcorn shrimp and greek salad. I went with the popcorn shrimp and it was excellent, served with 2 GF sauces. The manager came to the table (unrequested) to assure me that all precautions were taken for GF preparation. The service was fast and friendly and price very reasonable. Exceptional. Ill be looking for Legal Seafoods in every city from now on!Chowda just so so but great service.Good sit down breakfast after a long redeye flight. French toast was good, light and fluffy, and with powdered sugar and strawberries. Scrambled eggs were of course good. Bacon was both undercooked and overcooked at the same time - not a compliment. Their coffee is the worst in my memory of years of drinking coffee, it tastes like yesterday's coffee, and they're charging $3.25 for it. Do yourself a favor and hit the Starbucks first across the corridor if you're thinking of eating here.Stuck in this airport for nearly 24 hours.  Couldn't find a nicer spot to try some local beers. Got a plate of fried shrimp & scallops last night.   It was good.  Got a wedge salad today w grilled shrimp- super!   The staff was very friendly!   Really made the difference of being better than just another airport bar!Great option for long layovers or flight delays. Had some great food and wine.  Service was great as well.Definitely one of the best restaurants in an airport I have ever been to! Fish and chips were great, the fish melts in your mouth. They serve onion straws with it too as an added surprise!I know and love Legal Seafood - the Philadelphia airport location is worthy. The waiter's first question was, "How is your time?" The best possible question for that location. I asked for my salmon cooked - not seared - and it was excellent. Service was very good!was so surprised on a recent trip back from sf to have stumbled upon this place. a glass of white wine and a greek salad made for the perfect tasty, light meal between flights. my fiance had been craving tuna and was amped that they had not only tuna steak but a freakin good one. i can vouch since i snuck some bites as well. and while i tried to refrain...my willpower was no match for their perfectly warm and buttery rolls! mmmmmazing.If you are tired and sleep deprived, sick of the garbage from the last flight segment, you MUST stop into Legal. For just a few dollars more than a cold tasteless sandwich from the magazine vendor, you get a real meal, a Legal meal!
Staff is fast and attentive, they know you have a flight to catch. But if you tell them you have a 2 hour layover, they will not rush you, nor will they ignore you.  Good food, great seafood, wonderful chowder, New England style of course!
If you get the calamari appetizer, you can get it regular, spicy, garlicky or both spicy And garlicky!!!  Be careful if you have a sensitive stomach, or a delicate mouth, it can be spicy.
Salads are big, fresh and tasty.
Entrees are large and filling.
Sandwiches are big and filled.
If you are rolling in there alone, get a soup and salad, or a soup and appetizer. If you fly by two, spilt an entree and an appetizer.
Traveling with kids?  I saw about 6 tables with kids, and theirs were actually eating the food. Also they have plastic carry out sippy cups for the kids with straws. Nice.
Staff is great, a couple of real cuties too. Makes me want to stay a little longer....The light clam chowder is quit tasty and light.. Service is quick and staff is very attentive, considering all the transiting customers.. I will be backWouldn't recommend this place. I got the crab roll for much and I got really sick after eating it. Not just that but the salad was not fresh and the fries were hard.Busy place.  
Good food. Good service.  
A little pricey and they definitely push you through. But worth the visit if you have the time at the airport.What a disappointment!  I ordered the $15.95 shrimp cocktail. 5 medium shrimp - that's it!  What a rip off.   
On the other hand, the gazpacho was very good, giving them an extra star.   
At least is was healthyBoston's regular guy seafood place for 60 years.
It can be expensive, but there are some values.,, try the bluefish with mustard.
The waterfront location near the Convention Center overlooking Logan airport has the best view and indoor fishing on Saturdays!Claw chowder was awesome but crab cake missed. To much time under a flame and arrived with a dark tan. Slightly over cooked on top but the
Middle was good. Small amounts of a breading filler!!! That's a No/No. I'd eat there again. We have one in king of Prussia that I have been to multiple times with no problems.Have eaten at Legal Sea Foods in Boston and had much higher expectations. My chowder came out room temperature. The lobster roll was in no way authentic. The waiter had serious attitude.Whenever in the Phillly airport, this is where I go to eat. It's a nice haven away from some of the less friendly Philadelphian airport locations and employees :/ The servers are polite and food here is consistently good. It's also open when many other establishments are still closed (6am in morning, no problem).Not bad. Easily the best thing in this hole of food related despair known as PHL. Scrod was tasty but very slightly on the overcooked side, and it needed salt. Portion size was very good.
The fried clams are awesome!I was so excited to see the gluten free on this menu. However, the bun was not that great. I am new to gluten free and have had some great local items so I was disappointed. Lobster was good. My husband had the greek salad with chicken which was very good.Great meal with great service from Dave. Not what you expect to get at the airport. Clam chowder was excellent, so rich and full of clans. Greek salad was good, get extra feta and olives. Boston Cream pie is also very good.Inattentive and rushed service - the servers were only interested in getting finished for the night. I could actually overhear the manager berating the hostess for seating me - way to make your customers feel welcome! 
My pitiful Mediterranean Salmon came out half raw. It then took me 10 minutes for a server to reappear so I could ask them to cook it properly. The best thing I could say about it is that it was edible. 
Miraculously, my check appeared before I'd even finished eating. 
In order not to inconvenient the staff further, I will never eat here again.It was #tbt for me. Except T is for Tuesday in this case. My two-day trip to Philly made me pretty homesick for the four years I spent in Boston so imagine the pleasant surprise when I walked by Legal Sea Foods on my way back to the west coast. I sprinted to the self-seating bar, elbowing people out of my way in the style of a true northeastern city girl. 
The Sam Adams Oktoberfest was a beer to remember and was just the thing to assure a full night's sleep on my flight. The crab roll was surprisingly huge and stuffed full of fresh crab with just enough mayo to give it some flavor. A little heavy on the black pepper but not enough to keep me from taking huge bites and washing it down with beer!Ordered 6 pieces Oyster started my 4 hours waiting at airport on my way back SF. Then, it's Lobster time. LOL man, that was a LOT of food! Damn, I was food stoned after all. Especially, plus two glass Champaign cocktail. Long story short, sea food was pretty fresh. Service is very friendly and helpful, I didn't waste any time on waiting. Nice spot!This is a new place, if you can get to it go.  I had breakfast and it was really good.  Coffee is great, and the eggs were cooked perfect.Worst service I've ever received. After ordering a drink I was told that the table is only for dinner and we can take the next drink from the bar. Basically kicked out from the table with the worst attitude possible. The server Kathryn M. was very unprofessional.I think the name of this place is hilarious, but the food here is too good to boot. Really a fantastic place with tons of fresh options and really good quality dishes. The service is great and really friendly.Perfect example of service! My waiter, Lucas H did a fabulous job. Very attentive and on the spot. Food (breakfast) was done exactly as expected. Other places in airports could learn from this place.For an airport restaurant this place is great. The food is comparable to but not quite as good as eating at Legal in Boston which is a staple. While the food is great for an airport restaurant, what really sets them apart is the great service. I had David as a server and he definitely has taking care of travelers on the go to a science, but still has the art of a fine server who is great at his craft.I don't like reviewing chains, but I'm waiting for an airplane and the food was just really good! The Legal Seafoods at the Philadelphia International Airport was surprisingly good! Not a lot of seating, and it is seat yourself so you have to grab whatever's open. I had the chopped Greek salad with chicken and it was very good! Fresh,crisp lettuce which I don't have great luck with, and the dressing was delicious! Our waiter was very good, and I liked her very much! It took us overall about an hour to get in and out, and that's what you want when you are trying to catch a flight. I highly recommend coming in heat of you are looking for a bite to eat before you get on your flight!Wow! I was looking for something quick for lunch and stop by to try the calamari and DAMN very tasty. Nice big pieces, lightly breaded, and the peppers set it off! Also the hostess is a cutie.Quaint restaurant that makes for the perfect spot to wait for your boarding call.  
I usually find a spot at the bar quite easily and service is quick and kind.  They have a good number of flat screen tvs strategically placed so you can get your news and sports fill simultaneously.
I fell in love with wedge salad topped with jumbo lump crab.   The salad comes out fast and is delicious.  The bartenders are quick to top off your drink, which in my case was an ice water with lemon.
Enjoy!Very busy, always clean, very tasty, always fresh, but it's the staff that make this my go to place when at PHL.  They remember frequent travelers are always friendly and accommodating of special requests.
Unlike the Legal Seafood in Washington at DCA, this place makes an unadulterated fried clam.  Decent beer selection and speedy raw bar.
If you're lucky, Edwyn will serve your table.
The only drawback is that there is not much space for your suitcase.Great food and great service. This restaurant is always busy, but if you have to wait, it is worth it.  The crab cake is wonderful.  For dessert, try the Key Lime pie.  A fabulous treat with a fantastic lime flavor.  Living in Florida, Key Lime pie is everywhere, but here, it is the best.  Staff is very friendly and there is not a long wait for your food.It's usually busy, the service is not always great, the prices are very high, and the place can smell like disinfectant at times.   However, their lobster roll is probably the best airport food I've ever eaten - and I've flown over a million miles in the last 15 years.  The wine and beer list isn't bad either, I've trekked over from the United gates just to get a lobster roll here.  It's that good.Among the different Legal Sea Foods restaurants scattered among the East Coast, this one is perhaps the least favorite which I have visited.  Offered to sit in a poor table right in middle of the busy floor, when there other openings along the side - I simply asked to be moved.  Clams poorly fried, with old oil that was not hot enough (result = greasy, weird taste). Poor service, bread provided to some tables and not others, no refills offered. 
Legal Sea Foods is generally decent, but unfortunately, this location is PHL is just not up to their normal standards.After reading the reviews I gave a try an glad I did... Good service, good food but best part was sitting at back bar seats watching the kitchen folks do magic... Clean an doing more than needed... Checking food temperature with meter... Did I say Clean... Guys busted an busted... Acalaides to the crew...This restaurant is a high end restaurant even though it is in the airport. They have a full bar with 8 beers on tap and all the well drinks. 
I would suggest sitting at the bar (professional bartenders, speedy, pay attention to detail and friendly) and order a SPICY fish and chip. My lunch costed me $29 but worth it.Being a traveler who sometimes will try to fly "stand-by", I find myself with some time to explore different eating establishments at the airport.  It is easy to go for "fast food", but sometimes you are not in the mood for it.  I decided to have a "sit-down" meal and I am glad I picked "Legal Sea Foods".  The wait staff was friendly and attentive.  I also appreciated the power outlets underneath the bar area - so you can charge your phone while eating and waiting on your flight!! 
The food is good and I felt that the prices were not the typical high airport costs that some restaurants " tend to do to passengers.
I would return on future trips and I recommend to other flyers passing through Philadelphia's International Airport.Naimah was one of the best bartenders I have found in an airport. A rare gem. She may be over worked but still takes care of the customers with a smile. I personally watched her take care of several different peoples areas and made it look easy. 
I ordered a few Drewers on the rocks and popcorn shrimp. I love just people watching. Great experience, "I'll be back".Good ambience but the food tasted like it was double deep fried. Have had much better seafood in Phoenix. Wont be back.Best damn airport food!  Clam cream bisque is to die for!I had extra time before my flight back to LAX from PHL and all I thought about all day was this awesome salad I ate almost on the daily when based in DC... FAIL. No longer on the menu. I am finding that having a gluten allergy is a bit of a challenge in my world. The waitress gave me a gluten free menu. WIN. I ordered a light clam chowder and a salad with crab on the side.. So weird that it came with the most sickening creamy, cheesy smelling , awful tasting dressing. Some parmesan stuff. Tip: IF you order this salad or even with the shrimp as my colleague did, ask for a citrus type dressing. The creamy parmesan was overkill and too much for this type of salad with seafood. The staff was nice... helpful. BUT the service is not quick for take out. You wait in the concourse as the staff walks out your bill , your credit card or change and then your food. It's just a little disorganized. I really wasn't impressed when I finally got to eat what I ordered. For $22 (that being discounted ).. I had a small salad and a small light chowder. Besides the actual crab , I saw no reason for this price. But if you want healthy in PHL , this is probably your best option. It's just not what it was:-(Hands down the best place to eat in the Philly airport. Just like all the Legal Sea Foods the seafood is fresh, the staff is great and they have power strips under the bar-top so I can re-charge my phone.  Only bad thing I have to say is that it's located inside the airport. I wish they had one in Philly proper!Stopped in for a quick bite and a drink. Service prompt. Had salad and it was good.  Drinks are ok.  Price extremely highI had a couple hours to kill before flying to Glasgow so I was happily surprised to see a Legal Seafoods at PHL! 
Line looked long but moved quickly. I was able to score a seat at the bar within minutes and order their classic crab cake sandwich that comes with a boatload of fries and a little scoop of coleslaw ($16.95).  Crab cake was all delicious lump crab, none of the filler, served on a buttered bun. Coleslaw had more mayonnaise than I cared for but also had the touch of sweetness that I enjoy.
No time for a sit down meal? No worries. You can place a carry out order.My favorite place to eat seafood and feel safe Because it's fresh 
love the calamari and the MARTINIVery fast service and the food is always good. I get either the crab cake (lunch) or an omelett (breakfast) when I'm at PHL.I had the fisherman so stew and it was ok, not great,  needed more broth. The garlic bread was too hard to eat. My daughter had fish and chips, more bread than fish but the onion strings were great.   The clam chowder was fine, again not great. The Bloody Mary was made with horseradish instead of tobacco as I am used to. It was spicy but good. Our waiter was good and attentive. When we got to our gate my daughter realized she left her sweater in the booth and went back. The people sitting there said the person that seated them took the sweater. The people seating patrols said no sweater was found and none of the staff found it. Because of this attitude I gave it one star. Prices are high, expected at a U.S. Restaurant in an airportThe soup was very good, small portion of clams.. Would have gotten four stars with bigger portion and seasoned a little more. The clam strips were a mix if whole belly and not, for the price it was a very small portion. The cheese cake was on the verge of frozen, nice to have it cold but a little over done. 
Overall a very pleasing location, and still in an airport, who would of thought! Oh, and the server Excellent!!burnt tasting clams or more closely to "old oil taste": they said they change the oil (only) once per day at 11am and this was only 2 pm
not up to legal seafood standards - been going to lsf around the country for 35 yr and elsewhere they are still my favorites
But the clam chowder was great !Service was prompt and friendly. They even cleared a table for me, a lone patron, so I could avoid sitting at the very crowded bar. 
Food was good. I ordered the fish and chips and it came out hot and fresh. 
Prices weren't the lowest, but not shocking for an airport location. Besides, with this level of food and service at an airport, I am happy to pay a higher price.The manager here was very attentive to the whole place, but especially to me. Glad to see he's on top of things. I had scallops which were well cooked and flavored with a light vinaigrette. My sides were potatoes and broccoli. I was seated at a long bar-like table as a single. It was a bit dark in there to read. Of choices in this airport, this is about the best for sit down dining. I had a good experience and will return if I ever again have time.Best restaurant in PHL without a doubt. Tuna was way over cooked but I'm still coming back again and again.What a great find!  Not airport food at all.   Crab cakes were delicious, full of tender crab meat, the salmon melted in your mouth and service was excellent.  Seating in booths was very comfortable with none of the rushed cramped quarters of most airport restaurants. Would recommend.