Some of the best Mediterranean food I've had in a long while, plus they have hookah :D. Great hours and great prices. I'm going to be a repeat customer here for long time, I think.Great taste, big portions, good price and top that with amazing service. I ordered lamb swarma sandwich, strongly recommend it. I am definitely comming backI checked out Leila w/ some friends and we ordered a bunch of different foods and I couldn't tell you how anything tasted b/c everything was loaded with SALT. It took 2 days for my tastebuds to return to normal!  And when you order staples like hummus or tabouleh, how can you ask for that to be less salty when it's already premade? 
The pita they also served, in my opinion, was the worst kind  - the type that is paper thin and gets stale after sitting on your plate too long. Another reviewer described it as "tough and chewy". It was basically a total disappointment when it was served to us. When eating out at restaurants, Taste is primary (for most people) and service is secondary.  Even if the owner and staff bend over backwards for you, doesn't mean the food will taste any better to me.
I do think the restaurant is a fantastic addition to the neighborhood, and like any new spot, I have noticed they have drawn a steady business. But how much of that business will be repeated customers? I understand that with new restaurants, they are still working out the kinks, but when they receive criticism, they should take it as an opportunity to make the food and experience even better. Making minor improvements will ensure a continued success. 
Otherwise, if they keep things the way they are, I think it won't last long and that would be a real shame. Considering the great location, friendly staff and excellent service, the place does have a tremendous amount of potential.What a sweet spot in Center City!  We went there for a post concert night cap. Great, great Arabic coffee and superb baklava. Yummmm.  The entire place makes me think I'm somewhere in Athen's Glyfada or in Rabat; open kitchen, pop laboring in the back, sons tending the registers, the smell of food in the air...  
Welcoming and tasty place.  Grab a table outside and enjoy the passers by.BEST CHAWARMA IN TOWN. This place is very vibant. Nice foodWe strolled into Leila's Cafe on Sat after book shopping at nearby Giovanni's Room.....My friend had eaten at this establishment once before and said the food and service were excelent... I said well lets give it a whirl....
The service was spotty this time. The Father and Son were working and not paying close attention to us since we ordered the Mezze Appetizer platter.(vegetarian for Vegetarians) They give you alot of food for only $16.95 (minimum 2 people). The platter contains: 5 falafel balls, 4-stuffed grape leaves, hummus, baba ganoush, fatoush, tabouli salad and a basketful of pita bread. Yum. It all tasted really good. Kinda wish they had Labneh, Fool Muddamas and grilled zucchini, but, they are NOT Alyan's.
So, if this rating were solely food: 4 Stars would be given. 
Service: 2.5 
So, that is how I came up with 3 Stars total.....I stopped in here on a warm Saturday afternoon. Very friendly service, and it's great to be able to watch life pass by on Pine St. as you eat. Had a refreshing smoothie, and a falafel sandwich. You can't really go wrong with a falafel sandwich, but this one was borderline sour and in a tough, chewy wrap. My companion had better luck with a falafel platter, and we'll definitely give Leila's another try. They are smart to stay open so late!I know this may sound extremely repetitive, but the owners and staff here really are exceptional. They understand the idea that you must keep your customers happy and comfortable. To me, this is one of the most important aspects of a place that I choose come back to again and again.
I feel extremely lucky that I pass this place almost once a day because I am always greeted with a warm hello. 
On top of their hospitality, their food is delicious and just the right price. Even if you are starving, you will completely stuff yourself and just reach the $10 mark.  Their Baba Ghanoush is exceptionally wonderful. 
And last, the hookah.
I own a couple hookahs but I find myself again and again at Leila cafe because they set it up perfectly and lasts forever! 
I can't say enough good things about this place.
Top Notch.The only thing stopping me from giving this place an additional star is the sorry excuse of a delivery boy who "was pulled over by the cops"  on his way here and got to my office almost an hour late. 
I ordered a fattoush salad which arrived soggy because the guy probably decided to joy ride around town. 
I also ordered the kufta platter which was cold by the time it got to me. 
Aside from these issues, the food was good. The kufta platter came with rice, hummus and tabouli and it was all superb.
I will be giving them another chance to redeem themselves from the poor delivery issue.Amu Ahmed!!!!!  I absolutely LOVED the food, the atmosphere, and the music but what I loved most was the Middle Eastern hospitality you recieve as soon as you set foot in Leilas!  Mohamed, the owner of the store reminds me of one of my uncles back in Egypt.  Super jolly and ready to cater to any of your epicurean needs, both Mohamed and his daughter (Leila) know how to run the show!  Also, Ahmed, one of the managers on staff, will sing ANY Arabic song to you, and can he SING!!  I was seranaded by Abel Halim Hafiz and Feyrouz!!
If you're ever feeling nostalgia for middle eastern cuisine (or sitting in a place that resembles quaint food shops back in the mother land :), you should DEFINITELY try this place out!!Me and my buddy just went here and not only was the fare delicious but the owner was extremely friendly.  We had great conversations with the entire staff.  Like everyone has been saying, the service seems slow when you arrive but all you need to do is just sit down and wait for about 3 - 5 minutes and they will be there to take your order.  I highly recommend this place.Good food + good conversation = a delightful night. I came here with a best friend last night and we stayed for 3 hours - in a good way. We shared a Maza platter which had more than enough food for both of us. 
It came with a basket full of pita (which we asked for a refill halfway through, yum), hummus, baba ghanoush, tabouleh, and a giant platter with 5 falafels, 5 grape leaves, and vegetables. We both ordered the Rasberry Lemonade which was amazingly refreshing. With all this food, we buckled down and ate and chatted the night away.
To top it all off, we finished with pineapple hookah and tried our hardest to make rings. My friend was successful, I was not; guess that means I need to come back soon to practice!
Just a note, be sure to get a reservation -- this place is small and as the night went on, it was packed inside and out! There aren't many tables so I was glad that I put in a reservation ahead of time.I haven't been to the new location yet so i will have to update, but i was craving middle eastern food today and remembered the good times i've had at leila cafe. 
The food is consistently delicious. The only complaint i could register is that i find their kibbe a little dry, but a dollop of hummus cures that. Even in the old, tiny location I never felt hurried. Friends and I sat and picked at food and sipped sweet, hot mint tea in the most relaxed atmosphere in the City. I can't wait to try the new location. It's even closer to my house!I had high hopes for this place but I will never go back here.
The decor and furniture are old and dirty.  We waited ten minutes for someone to take our order.  Ordered coffee, a smoothie, and hummus. Twenty minutes later we were still sitting there without anything on the table.  No water.  No coffee. No smoothie. Nothing.  Finally our hummus came.  It was cold and too salty.  Then our coffee came, which was good, but twenty minutes too late.  On our way out the owner glanced at us and didn't even give us a thank you.
Bottom line: BAD FOOD, AWFUL SERVICE!Leila is my new end of the night stop. It really adds to the neighborhood. I live a block away from here and have been frequently attending on my way home after bar close.
The owners are so friendly, but I think they may need some more late night help. I love that they are open so late but, they seem to get a little frazzled. The other night we waited at least 20 minutes for hookah when there was only one or two other tables, but we did get complimentary coffee.
One of the owners also told us they will be getting some sort of heated awning for when it gets chillier, and doing some renovations downstairs. It is exciting to see that there is more to come, when I already love the place.You got me on my knees, Leila!
This place is good, man. I was skeptical about a salad with bread in it, but the fattoush salad is amazing -- get it with the pita toasted, not fried. The baba ghanoush has a delicious natural smokiness to it and is an absolute must. The tabouli is crunchy, fresh, and darn good and worth the side effect of breath that could singe your fellow diners' eyebrows off. 
I ended up getting a chicken gyro. Now, I wouldn't normally go with the chicken, but the very, very nice owner dude recommended it and, boy, was he right. My husband had the shawarma platter, which was full of tender, flavorful meat. And, for no apparent reason we were given a free dessert. Don't mind if I do!I love this place, though I'll admit I come more for hookah than food.  The food is standard middle eastern, very fresh and tasty.  One standout is the fresh juice/lemonade.  The raspberry lemonade is to die for, seriously.  There's a good variety of hookah flavors.  Prices are reasonable and they don't care if you sit there for hours.
What I like most about this place is that it is small, quiet enough for conversation, and has a family atmosphere.  It feels like you're sitting in someone's living room.  You'll probably end up talking to the people sitting next to you, and if you go often enough the owner will recognize you.
Overall, a great spot for a more laid back evening on the rare occasion where you want to actually be able to hear yourself think.Just about everything I ate here was DELICIOUS. Falafel was awesome, lemony & perfectly cooked; hummus was olive oily and fresh; tabouli salad was fresh, tasty, herby. Only bad part was the pita which were semi-stale, it'd be great to have fresher tasting pitas, although my girlfriend liked that they were more like pita-chips. Also great - fresh squeezed lemonade, including the seeds. 
Bad part - service sucked. We were there on a Tues. night and the service (clearly a family-run place) was more interested in chatting with friends, on phone and smoking a hookah than helping us. Lucky for them the food is awesome.What a disappointing cafe! Came because of Groupon expecting high cheap, authentic middle eastern food.  The only thing authentic about it was the painfullly slow service and questionable sanitary conditions. The plastic cup (like the ones used in dentist offices) of water was dirty, which is bizarre because they are supposedly disposable. I ordered a soda and even that had weird gunk on it. There were flies circling our table. The table was sticky. The combo plate for 2, which costs $25, was really just one plate that was expanded by adding a bunch of rice.  Anyway, I lost my appetite by that point.  Seems like a fun spot to hang out for underage teens that want to smoke hookah, but definitely not a place I'll be going back to.Ok, so first you must realize that this is no "Chez Jaques." Nothing about the restaurant is fancy-their furniture, their service, their plastic cups, etc. However, I have been a fan of this place since it opened. 
I have always found the atmosphere to be very friendly, and I, personally, have never had problems with the service. In fact, when I have been there, the service has always been fairly prompt. Of course, I'm not a super late night type of person, so I have never been there after, oh maybe 10pm.
As to the food-I like their hummus. Someone earlier commented on the "lemoney" taste, but true Lebanese hummus has more lemon than hummus from other regions. The tabbouleh is also good. I don't eat beef or pork, so I usually have the chicken and rice. Sometimes the chicken is a bit dry, but I like the flavor and spices. Also, when you kind of mix it around with your tabbouleh, it's all good! My husband usually has the beef shwarma which he says" will change your life"!
The desserts and smoothies are also good. I've heard the hookah menu is incredible, too! I don't smoke, but it looks like fun!
I like this place. We go every month or so. If you want down home food from "the old country" in a casual atmosphere, then you should go!So, my first experience with Leila was wayyy back when they first opened up and catered the yelp APO event. I didn't want to base my review on this however, but really- every single thing I ate tasted like lemons. 
So I gave it a second shot with a friend, the place wasn't busy at all and we were offered a hookah right when we sat down but declined. I chose the beef shawarma sandwich, with a side greek salad- I am not a fan of tomato or onions and luckily they understood. My friend got the Falafel Platter and was satisfied with the portion they gave him, I didn't taste it however so I can't comment on that! 
It's not a place I fell in love with, but not a place I hate either- so will I be back, I'm not really sure.I used to like Leila Cafe in spite of the consistently atrocious service, (long waits, inattentive staff, impossible to get the check) but my latest visit will most certainly be my last. Everything was awful. The falafel was mushy, and tasted strongly and inexplicably of garam masala. The hummus was bland and the portion barely covered the bottom of the plate. Tabouli was way too lemony (and i love lemon) and short on everything else. The grape laves were mediocre. When I complained (and I never complain, it was really bad) I was informed that there was a new chef, with new recipes, and maybe I'll like it next time. in summation, I overlooked a lot about Leila because their food was good. Now that it's not, and the portions are even smaller, I vow never to return.The owner actually yelled at me for a good five minutes as a first time customer because I commented on how there was 'junk' everywhere and no where to sit. His temper flared from zero to sixty because he thought I was calling him junk. His very cool 13 year old daughter calmed him down and explained what I had meant, but I can tell you that the falafel was not worth being abused and treated this way as a customer. Go somewhere else for your falafel. 
Just as a side note, the booths were stained and filthy.After hearing such rave reviews from friends about Leila Cafe, I was excited to give it a try.  Upon entering, I noticed the all the booths were covered with a strange looking cloth.  A little dingy and dirty looking.  
We were seated at a table and we placed our orders.  I ordered the hummus for starters and a garlic chicken wrap for my meal.  I also ordered a soda (which I never got).  I must say the hummus was the best hummus I have ever had.  Truly superb.  Also, my garlic chicken wrap was so juicy and delicious.  I loved the how the feta gave it a little creamy kick.  It was such a nice compliment to the exploding garlicky flavor.
Even though the food was delicious, the service was not all that great (the reason why I am giving it 3 stars).  The owner was not attentive at all.  We had to ask for utensils after our food arrived, he completely forgot to get our drink order and when we reminded the server about our drink order, she didn't bring it out until we were almost finished with our meal.  If the restaurant were packed, I would be more lenient and understanding but there were only two tables there, including our table so there is no excuse.  They just didn't seem like they cared, which is a shame because their food is actually pretty good. 
I suggest you order their food to go if you wanted to give Leila Cafe a try.  It is probably what I would do for next time.Just had dinner at the famous Leila Cafe. Truly impressive Middle Eastern food and they have the best hummus I have ever tried--hands down to their special black olive hummus. The beef shwarma was very delicious, too. 
Tried their daily sweet--something called "mamoon" (?). It looked like a madeleine cake, but it really is a coconut-shreds coated cookie with a paste (some sort of coconut/rose paste??) and it tastes amazing, not too sweet and yet very fragrant. I would recommend it to anyone. 
The only reason it receives a 4 star is because the staff there were not too attentive, for example, he served us food without cutlery, and never offered to bring us water during our dinner. Nevertheless, Leila is a must if you want to try some good Middle Eastern food in town.Hmm... I loved Leila the first time I went.  So much so that I couldn't stop talking about it until I went the second time.  And now I don't think I'll ever go there again.
The owner is super nice and welcoming in a way that 99% of eateries are not.  That's awesome.  But service is not.  I had the shawarma platter both times, & something was just off with the vegetables and rice.  I was so disappointed that I can't deal with Leila anymore.  Too many other places to try.Awesome place to get Middle Eastern delivery...I mean in Philly most delivery is just Pizza, Asian, and I think that's about it. But NOW you can get tabouleh, hummus, chicken, lamb, and other middle eastern favorites anytime you want!Stopped by for an impromptu dinner here recently.  Sampled the fattoush salad, which was fine, the lentil soup, which was fine, the kibbeh, which was fine, and the one standout dish - the lamb sandwich.  That one's worth going back for.  And maybe I'll try some of their other offerings, as well, when I return.
The decor seems authentically Mid-Eastern hole-in-the-wallish.  The table of young men casually shooting the shit and smoking hookahs nearby for well over an hour fit right in.  Service is laid back.  Prices are fair.  It's more of a 3.5, but they get a round-up for yummy lamb.Recently opened, this is a great corner spot on Pine & 13th.
We were early afternoon customers and were greeted with a warm and friendly service.  We were the first customers of the day and one of the owners treated us to free pineapple, banana, blackberry smoothies. 
We tried Leila Maza, a sampler of appetizers.  The Baba Ghanoush & Hummus were lemony and spiked with smoky paprika...definitely not a mild spread and very refreshing on a warm summer afternoon. 
The second wave of mezze appeared...falafel-like kibbeh, grape leaves, tabouleh all served over a bed of yogurt-dressed greens, onions & tomato.  There was also fattoush, a chopped salad with toasted pita chips scattered throughout.
 The kibbeh was very similar to a falafel, but with a little more spice...the grape leaves were lemony as well. All in all, the sampler was a good way to taste your way around the menu.
The had a variety of sandwiches (Gyro, Shish, & many vegetarian options) and desserts as well...save those for next visit.
Outside seating & Hookahs.I was there last night for the first time and I love it. The owner is very friendly and welcoming. The hookah was so good. We were not sure what hookah flavor to go with so the owner recommend a cocktail of flavors for us and it was awesome. Didn't try the food but will definitely eat there next time.I LOVE Leila's Cafe and I LOVE Leila.  It's great to go there and joke around with her and the other people that work there.  It is such a great atmosphere and there is free wireless, so I can bring my laptop and work.  They have 17 types of banana bread every morning and amazing lunch and dinner food.  The tea is also amazing.  Plus, they have really great hookah.While I appreciated the mom-and-pop feel and the outdoor dining in the back of the restaurant, my meal at Leila Cafe was overall average.  You could tell they use good olive oil, but the pita was kinda thin and the falafel was kinda dry. We didn't receive waters until we were almost finished eating.
We had a Groupon- the owner jumped for joy when he found out that it was our first visit, and all because of the Internet advertising. I hope they succeed, if only because the people seemed so genuine. I just prefer Mama's for my falafel.I've been in here a couple of times. It's a relaxed place where you can unwind and relax. People are pretty chill here and the noise level never gets too crazy. But going in, you should know that almost inevitably your service will be slow at some point if not during most of your visit. So don't go here if you have 20 minutes. Otherwise you'll get aggravated.
I've had the beef schwarma, chicken schwarma, beef ketban, and the beef gyro. The chicken schwarma is very very tender and has a fair amount of flavor. The Beef gyro is ironically one of the tastiest of the bunch. The meat is very tender and flavorful. I ate every last bit given to me by my mother, who couldn't finish her dish. The beef ketban is ok but I like Marrakesh Express' better. The beef schwarma is the disappointment in the bunch.  The meat is always dry and crunchy. There is some spice and flavor but nothing noteworthy.
The tabbouleh here is tasty, as is the hummus. Their pita bread is decent and you usually get a fair amount of it.
The prices are very reasonable, especially for Center City.
It's definitely an option worth exploring if you have time or your primary dinner reservation/plans fall through.Having passed Leila Cafe several times on my walk to the grocery store, I always wanted to try it out, but never really made the time.  I saw a deal on Groupon a couple months ago for this place, so I snatched it up and was definitely not disappointed with my experience.
The place is small, but that's okay considering it was a Wednesday night and not crowded at all.  The setup of the restaurant is odd, considering you have to walk to the back where the register is to get seated.  Also, because they don't serve alcohol here (and no, it's not BYOB), I noticed a couple young kids on dates.  I have a feeling that this could be a big hangout for underagers on the weekends.
For dinner we both ordered the Leila Special, which was a combo of beef gyro, beef kibbie, beef kafta, rice, hummus, and tabouleh - not bad considering the $12.50 price tag.  I'm no expert on this type of cuisine, but I thought this dish was delicious.  The portion was generous and came with pita.  I will definitely be back here to try out other things on the menu.
We also got a hookah with melon flavored shisha.  No complaints here!  There are several varieties of flavors to pick from.
After we got our food, service was ridiculously slow, but that wouldn't stop me from coming here again for a relaxing, inexpensive meal.  Check it out!I ate there a few weeks back and the food was really out of sight. I had the shawarma and hummus and both were fantastic. The owner even makes his own tahini from scratch, so there's a lot of love that goes into the food. Look forward to going back.Second time here. We had the beef and chicken shawarma. Both eere just ridiculous. Very juicy and well flavored. Hummus was great again. I love consistency in a restaurant.
So I have been back several times and the food is really fantastic. He makes everything in-house and you can tell the difference. Highly recommended.Been frequenting this little gem since Mohammad opened it in the summer and it has always been a good time.  I was concerned at the number of sub par reviews on Yelp and went to take a gander yesternight to make sure that things had not dramatically changed since the last time I had been in early Dec or so..
And... ( dramatic pause )
Still great! So I think I will attribute some of the more subpar ratings / disappointing experiences to undue expectations of this remarkable and unique locale.
So, I offer a few thoughts to keep in mind as you wander into Leila next time, just so you have an idea of what to expect...
1. It is a cafe, NOT a Starr restaurant ... Do not expect a full waitered venue with white tablecloths. For me.. the main focus of Leila CAFE is to offer a nice relaxing and casual venue to enjoy hookah, middle-eastern fare (eats & drinks) and most importantly good friendly company/conversation (either amongst your party or with other parties or with Mohammad!) That being said, in response to some of the concerns about the need for service improvements, perhaps Mohammad has heard y'alls rumblings because he recently hired a new helper who has definitely helped to keep the place humming happily.
2. The primary highlights of Leila's are their hookah, baklava and smoothies (in quality & price). LOVE their chocolate baklava! Their food can be bit inconsistent. Sometimes, it is manna from the heavens and other times it's just aiiight. But then again I come here primarily for the hookah, sweets and atmosphere.
3. It's small and when it's packed, I wouldn't expect a table to open up at a consistent rate. TIP: Give them a call before you go to check out how busy it is or if you see it's packed go hop around in the area for a drink, coffee, a meal, etc ...  Usually it can get pretty busy in the usual post dinner hours Fri/Sat but Leila is open late and if you are in the area, it's not too hard to swing by and see if a table is free.
Overall, I love this place and when I'm not hookahing at home, you'll find me here. So, give them a try if you are looking for a more mellow scene than your usual bars/lounges/clubs to chill and chat.The food here is fantastic- most everything made from scratch. However the both times I've dined in the service was terrible. The first time, the waitress was just hanging out at the desk- avoided eye contact until we went up to her to ask for cups of water, the bill, etc. I assume she must be related to the owner or else she would of been fired. Second time, the owner was by himself so he was busy serving, cooking, smoking hookah but he's very friendly, just needs to hire reliable servers.
Consequently, I usually order takeout from here. It arrives pretty damn quick and always delicious. Would recommend.I think this is the right location..I went to the Leila Cafe on South St. when I was visiting my friend in Philly. It was a great experience! We were walking around all day looking for a place to smoke hookah because that's a favorite past-time of ours. We stumbled upon this place at a random time of day (I think it was 3:45pm), and we caught the owner making his own tahini (good sign). Although we didn't eat because we had just come from having cheesesteaks, I wish we had, because the owner was soooo hospitable. He quickly served us an amazing hookah, which we thoroughly enjoyed, and we chatted him up a bit while hanging out. My friend who lives nearby will definitely go back, and if I ever make it back to Philly, so will I!I got some take-out from Leila on a Sunday night. The restaurant was pretty full, and even though I arrived 10 minutes after they told me to, I still ended up waiting 5 or 10 minutes for my food. However, I had no issues using a Google offer, so that's a bonus.
The food was great. I had their tomato soup, the Leila's Mezze and a labne sandwich. The soup tasted very fresh and contained a good amount of tomato chunks - clearly not a Campbell's style tomato soup, and better for it. The mezze was definitely superior. Between one soup and the mezze, it fed two people with leftovers for lunch the next day. I didn't get a chance to eat the labne sandwich until the next day, and it wasn't spectacular. I wouldn't order it again, but I think it's more of a taste difference than any lack on the part of the sandwich.
All things considered, a good offering of Middle Eastern food, reasonable prices and a great online deal presence. I'll be back.Okay, so my boyfriend and I tried going here once on a Saturday. The minute we got there it was PACKED. If they would've taken our names or something, it might've been a bit more tolerable. Instead, they pull out a table and chairs for us to sit outside. Wouldn't've been so bad if it wasn't cold. So, we're sitting waiting for even a menu, when someone comes over asking what we want to order. We had never been here before, and told the guy we were just there for hookah. The next time someone came over, they gave us a food menu. We told them yet again we were just there for hookah. Then the third time, they ask us what we were going to have. We asked what kind of hookah they had, and they didn't really know. They had to go get a hookah menu. When we had finally decided, some random people happened by, and the waiter talked to them, in the middle of us ordering. So, then we were waiting for over an hour without ANYTHING. There was a table of a few guys that seemed related to the owner, and they got like 3 hookahs... while we, paying customers, had nothing. We just up and left and went to Alhambra's. The interior of Leila's looked like a whoring little spider hole- it's so cramped inside. Not fun at all. Seems very clique-ish.The food is pretty solid. The shawarma is great, but the service is terrible. I think they only have one employee. It is also pretty dirty. The tables don't get cleaned off well and the hookah smoke is annoying. For take out this is great, but not that pleasant to eat inside. Also not byobthis cafe is a welcome addition to the neighborhood, another casual restaurant option with a different cuisine.
the best parts about it are the seating and hours. the inside feels really open (great mosaic on the wall!), and there's great outdoor seating. it also stays open late, so it's a fantastic late-night destination.
the food was pretty good. i had a falafel platter, and my friend had the falafel sandwich. i finished my meal, but i wouldn't say it was extraordinary. just pretty good; good enough to go back again.
there seem to be some kinks to be worked out. the service was a little slow, as it seemed to be only one server plus the owner/manager. but i imagine with time, this place will only get better.good authentic labanes food and nice shisha,  owner is a great guy and service is good, pretty small and I wouldn't bring children because of the smoke the shisha put out.
nice once a month thing, I came with a friend and bought leila combo and that was a nice mix of of everything but good for three people.  the buglafa was nice fresh and hot.  shisha was clean and nice.Lemonade! Visit them in their new location on South Street, between 13 and 14th Streets.A friend of mine had a Groupon for this place. I yelped it before going, and I was a little discouraged by some of the reviews, but then my friend told me that they moved locations, blah blah blah. So I don't know if moving had anything to do with it, but I loved it here. It is a very small dining room but it is family owned and they definitely treat you like family when your there. We were even joking around with the owner and his daughter. They had a large range of hookah flavors and even let us mix. We got vanilla and strawberry! Mmmmm, it tasted like a milkshake! The hookahs there are so tall, they have to put them on the ground when you smoke them. We ended up getting the hummus platter and the falafel platter. Both were mighty tasty and I was extremely satisfied and full when I left. I will definitely be going back soon.
www.ohivedonethat.blogspot.comRecently, a friend and I decided to take a short hiatus from binge drinking. With Leila Cafe's strict "Don't BYOB" policy, it seemed like the perfect spot to nurture our newfound sobriety. 
First off I'll reiterate what seems to be a common theme with this place. The people are very friendly.  If Cheers replaced  beer with hookah and served shawarma, it'd be this place. You're basically on a first name basis with everyone after 5 minutes.
We started off the meal with a hummus plate. The hummus was really flavorful and some of the best I've had in the city. It had a little bit too much salt, but oddly the hummus that came with our platters did not.
My friend and I both had shawarma. I've had gyro and shawarma platters all over Philly but this was by far he best. The meat was really tender. Many times I find that the shaved lamb can be especially tough, which is why I usually lean toward souvlaki platters at other restaurants, but this was perfect. It came with a side of hummus, the traditional tomato/cucumber chutney and of course rice. Everything had a distinctive flavor which made it a pleasure to mix stuff together.
We finished off the meal with a hookah of golden apple flavored tobacco. The location really lends itself to relax and people watch while you enjoy the hookah. You can focus on the hipsters at the Last Drop or the occasional freakshow that stumbles out of Dirty Frank's. We spent about an hour just hanging out and smoking, but they never tried to push us out. 
I live in the Washington Square West and this is a very welcomed addition to the neighborhood.i went here just for the hookah and had a good experience.  they use good quality tobacco (on request).  However, they use quick lite charcol, which is usually not of the highest quality.  But the shisha did hit pretty well regardless of that.  If you want some good hookah and a nice chill atmosphere, go here.I enjoyed this place so much, I created a Yelp account specifically to give it its due.
I came on a busy Friday night and the staff was extremely attentive, giving us Hookah recommendations and was more than happy to bring us more coals when we asked.
My party sat for over two hours and were never rushed or hurried and the owner and staff even took some time to chat with us. There's no booze here, so if you are looking for a relaxing spot in Center City I highly recommend stopping in.
Oh, and get some ice cream across the street right after. Perfect date night.Get the Baba Ghanoush, Potatoes With Eggplant sandwich, and top it off with a Banana Dates Smoothie. 
wow. 
I order delivery, so don't have to deal with the service, which it appears people complain about. I have no complaints.I've been here once but I do plan to come again. I know, it seems like I'm running on a 3-star spree. But honestly, my first trip to Leila Cafe was just plain average. I do plan to return though because I'm seeing many more positive reviews and I did enjoy their food.
Unfortunately, I didn't have the appetite for all that food! It was so much and I was definitely not prepared for that. Kudos for great portions :) The falafel my friend had was cooked just fine and the hummus was delicious. We were served more than enough pita for the table and my chicken was juicy and tender.
I'm guessing I went to Leila Cafe when it just started out, which was about two months ago. Again, I'm sure a lot has changed since then. The waiters who tended to our needs seemed awkward to my friends but I thought they were fine.
I do plan to return though and am looking forward to it :)Leila is really a 5 for the food, which is cheap and dead on, but a 4---generously---for organization.  The bottom line is this: go when you've got time to hang out, since you WILL be hanging out for a while.
On the other hand, the food's so good, you won't mind much.  (My wife insists I say nice things about the banana and date smoothie.  Personally, I can't stand banana anything, so haven't tried it, but she's willing to vouch for it.)Came here a couple weeks ago pretty late in the evening.  The service was prompt and the staff were friendly.  I don't know about the food but the hooka is pretty affordable here and they're generous with the coals and stuff.  The interior is interesting too, I liked it a lot.  Very memorable bathroom in a bad way.  When I was finally ready for check, I asked, and I did not have to wait a while, which is always appreciated.  Parking right around this spot was impossible even on a weeknight, expect to park on fitzwater.I want to love this place with a capital L.  The owners were so incredibly friendly and it's a nice addition to the neighborhood.
I agree with the reviewer who talked about the over-use of lemon juice.  You know how when you eat something so sour your eyes spontaneously shut and your face contorts?  That happened with almost every bite of my falafel platter.  The bright salty pickle was the mildest thing on my plate.  I love lemon juice but I wanted to tell them  to ease off a bit and maybe put some lemon wedges on the plate instead.  It was really overpowering. 
That being said, I will try this place again for 4 reasons:
1.  My dining companion loved his gyro
2.  The tea and baklava were bangin
3.  Hookahs
4.  I want this place to succeedSuper friendly staff, accommodating, good food. A great experience for dinner last night. We started as their only guests, but a couple of tables staggered in after we sat. Very good tasting chicken noodle soup, very hot, had to wait exhausting 10 minutes after it was brought to the table to eat it. Beef gyro platter was fresh tasting and plentiful, Pita, Hummus, rice, tabbouleh, meat, pickled peppers, and a ton of Tzatziki . Garlic chicken pita was pretty good as well, fresh lettuce and moist chicken. I don't know if you can go wrong with the lemonade, any kind. Raspberry and traditional were great, fresh squeezed. Had the Baklava and some tea for dessert, both good. Living in the neighborhood, I'll return.Leila's cafe is very low maintenance.  I think as long as you understand this going in, you'll be fine.  It's kind of like being at someone's house, but someone really familiar, so the hospitality isn't too overbearing.  "Want something to eat.?...cool".  They're not rude by any means, but not restaurant attentive either.  
I got the falafel platter which was pretty good.  My company got the chicken and rice platter, also pretty decent.  It came with a basket of pita bread, hummus and taboulah (sp) on the side.  I thought the portions were nice and fair.  Overall, a very low key, what you see is what you get, kind of place.  I like it.  They never rushed us after our meal and only brought the check when we asked.  
I'd definitely come back for a no frills falafel meal.I wanted to like you Leila - for reasons you will never know. Eloquence betrays me when all I can muster is "YOU SUCK".
The waiter didn't seem like he wanted to seat us. Then displayed dismay when we were said we would not get "hookah", sorry - but the smokes are overpriced here - not that I scrounge.  I'm more than happy to BURN my money. But the pushiness with the "hookah" was a clear attempt to build up the bill.
We ordered. 1/3 of our order came. The waitress explained that the kitchen lost our order. The owner or manager came out and asked to take our order - all without apologizing for the inconvenience or delay. I asked for the bill. TEN minutes later no bill. I walk up to the register, ask the ownermanagerman for the bill - he says "I'm doing something", I say " I need my bill now". He got a 1 star. 
I get world's better baklava in Astoria anyway.My $8 falafel was delicious and big enough to share. BYOB. The workers were hanging out smoking hookahs, but it was cool, I wasn't in a big hurry and I'm glad some people are happy at work.i love living down the street from leila, especially because theyre always open late.  after a night out i like to stop by and say hi to everyone and occasionally smoke hookah.  everything i've eaten has always been quality, and the chicken shawarma is the best i've had in the city.  if you are a coffee drinker, try the turkish coffee.  it's very tasty!  the owners are super friendly and will chat with you all night.  i hear the date shake is pretty awesome, so that's next of my list.First let me say this is just my first review... and I think a lot of my qualms come from the fact that this place is new and just seems... well... disorganized. 
I went on a Sunday and it was packed. It took a while for someone to take our order. Then there were two servers that kept coming to our table and asking if we had ordered, so it seemed like no one was keeping track. Apparently our first order didn't register because a guy came back and said there was a mix-up in the kitchen, and took our order again. 
When we eventually got our food and it was pretty good. The babaganoush didn't look like babaganoush, but tasted good whatever it was. The pita was delish. I got a chicken gyro, and was very disappointed to find it had basically no tzaziki in it... but it did have a pickle inside which I thought was interesting and tasty. The guy said that they were out of "yogurt". I hope by yogurt he meant tzaziki? That brings up another point... the menu here is VERY vague. 
Throughout our meal, the waiters kept bringing things out and asking everyone who ordered it. Everyone would say no, so they'd bring it back to the kitchen. And judging from other reviews, it seems they're giving a lot away for free. So I hope all this wasted food and free stuff doesn't put these people out of business faster than you can say "falafel".
I love that this place is so close to my apartment. Pine Street needed another good hangout (and hookah is a plus!). I had high hopes which weren't really fulfilled. But I will be back because I have faith that they'll iron out the new-restaurant hiccups, and I want to try the hookah and see if there's yogurt the next time I go. 
Also have to note that the guy was very apologetic for our wait and the mix-ups, so he gave me a free baklava for dessert. The baklava was AMAZING.Recently I've been on middle eastern kick, been to Sahara grill and was a fan, BUT living right on 13th street Leila is literally right around the corner so naturally I'm going to try it. Leila is more reasonably priced then Sahara, and just as good. The pita sandwiches are grilled and delicious, and their drinks are equally fresh (I recommend the strawberry lemonade). The owner was very generous and friendly. My boyfriend was equally smitten as he returned twice in one day to try the hookah at night, we had "double apple mint" and it was smooth and lovely. This is definitely a place I recommend!If I had written this review a year ago when I first went to Leila they would have an additional star.  Unfortunately, I'm comparing the prices on the menu between now and then, and it's not pretty.  $9 platters are now $12, and they're not that big.
The food is tasty and well-seasoned though, and everyone is always friendly.  I only do take out, so can't vouch for the quality of table. service.
The pita is thin and chewy, not my favorite type but to each his own.Amazingly friendly folks here, great sidewalk seating, salty tabouli, decent schwarma, open late. I'd come back a million times for the staff and owners.Came here for lunch one cold-winter day, and found myself to be the only one in restaurant. I believe the owner was the only one there, and I felt slightly uncomfortable with him smoking his hookah behind me. I got the mezze platter which came with a dollop of hummus, baba, tabbouleh, and a grape leaf with some flimsy pita. The flavors were okay, but for what it was, it was way overpriced. An up-point was that he gave me a free cup of mint tea.Leila seems, at first glance, to be a restaurant with hookahs. Much to my disappointment, however, it is really a hookah bar that just happens to serve food.
Every part of my shawarma platter was a miss. Overly thin strips of lamb were sandpapery and dry. Hummus was made bland by insufficient garlic or tahini. All this on a bed of undercooked and sometimes crunchy rice. 
There's good news for pirates: the lemon and vinegar is so overdone, you'll never fear scurvy. Of course, you'll have to suffer through this underwhelming food. That's a bit much, even if you were stuck at sea.My husband and I wandered by this restaurant on the way back to our hotel.  I wanted to get some Chai, but when we sat down we decided to eat.  The food was wonderful!  I had the Falafel and my husband had the beef Kibbie.  It was delicious!  The hummus was flavorful and the pita was warm and fresh.  Afterwards we had our tea and had a great conversation with the owners.  I will definitly come again!Philadelphia's best kept secret.  I am middle-eastern and this is one of my favorite restaurants ever.  It has a very relaxed atmosphere, the food is fresh & delicious and the prices are amazing, and they treat you like family because you are being served by a family.  Best of all it stays open late, real late unlike other places in Philly.
I love the Hooka, Wi-Fi, Mo & his family, and especially the potatos- to die for! 
TWO THUMBS UP!Been here twice. It's so-so. It definitely can improve especially their service.Tried to go here on saturday around 1230ish. Spent like an hour looking for it... then found out it was closed. Hookah closed on saturday around 1230?? and it also says open till 230am on yelp.....  I was suppose to take my friends to hookah for the first time too. Thanks for wasting my time.I was so excited to try Leila Cafe last night after having read all the great reviews and press for it - and after staring at the food around us when we arrived. And I'm sure I would be giving a higher rating if we would have had a chance to eat anything - but unfortunately we were never given a chance. After 35-40 minutes of waiting and asking two different female servers if we could place our order with them, we could not get so much as a glass of water and had to give up and leave to find somewhere else that would serve us in some kind of timely manner. Yes it was Friday night and most all the tables were full, but that's what happens at good restaurants - and based on everything I've read this seems to be a very consistent problem. Why not hire an additional server for busy nights if you know you're going to be so overwhelmed like this on weekend nights?? 
It was incredibly frustrating and put a complete damper on our evening. I understand that the owners are very friendly and welcoming, but I wish they could better prepare themselves to handle a full house on Friday and Saturday nights when it seems inevitable.Good place for middle eastern cuisine. 
Don't expect fast service here (only when they are busy) since there will be only person work here. 
High points: 
Gyro is amazing
All the platters choices are pretty filling and full of flavor. 
Their meat sandwiches are good for take out as well.Best Hookah in Philadelphia.
Friendly people, good food, and all for the right price. 
I am a regular and they always remember me.I'll begin with the good. Would I go back again? Probably, would I go there and BMOB and smoke hookah for sure. I came here really not craving any type of food but because I was in the neighborhood, The food is extremely mediocre there is nothing that stands out about this place at all, but its decent enough to grab as take out on a lazy Tuesday. I got the falafel and grape leaves and didn't have any complaints. 
Okay so the not so good.... the front door was boarded up, I wasn't sure if I was walking into a restaurant or a crack house, the decor is drab and old and the music is extremely loud, the service is friendly but is not very attentive, my server only gave me water half way through the meal. 
Now onto the bad. I asked for hot sauce at a middle eastern restaurant and got a mexican chipotle hot sauce... REALLY??? its like going to an indian restaurant and getting buffalo sauce to go with your tandoori chicken... 
I wish I could give this 2.5 but alas yelp only allows whole number rankings.Excellent place for Middle Eastern food. Prices, quality and portions are fantastic! Their falafels are the best I've ever had!Disclaimer: I worked there for about a month at the 13th/Pine location in 2009.
Leila's.... well, they try really hard.   The owner Al (Smiley) really does make a lot of the food himself.  Some of the food is a little salty for my taste, but I always loved the smoothies- Smiley's got the recipe down-pat for those.  By the way, that man works like a beast, and he really is almost always that friendly, even to staff.  I'm very grateful to him for the time he took explaining aspects of the cuisine and his culture.
The problem here is poor organization.  When I was working there, most of the waitstaff were either younger than 18, or college-age, and there is little to no training (that I could see).   If they could get their organization and training of the staff up to par, they'd have a lot better reviews.
I think Al makes a great Shawarma sandwich (I order without pickles), and I'm damn fussy about falafel, but I like the way Al makes it.  If they haven't changed the smoothie recipe, the smoothies are pretty healthy and tasty to boot.... one of the things I miss the most about living practically next door.
There are other things I could say, but it would violate Yelp's ToS.... I really do hope that the move has been good for them, and I hope that management works out its kinks.Truly a Godsend for Philly's lackluster middle-eastern food scene.  The food is superb! The beef shawarma/gyro/grape leaves are the best I've had.  Great portion size at very reasonable prices. And the hookah is smooth, not charry.  The ambience is quaint - not overdone like other mid-east joints that mimic the set of Aladdin.  Most importantly, the owner, who works there, care very much about ur satisfaction with the quality of food & service.**Update: Not only is this place horrible, the owner is a blatant liar. See his comment below. What would I gain out of writing a detailed bad review? Instead of spitting out horrible lies from your mouth, why don't you work on improving the service?***
The word disaster was invented for places like Leila.
If you want to be moved around twice during the course of your meal, wait an hour for your food, sit with 4 people at a tabletop for 2, and end up leaving without any food, this is your place.
I don't wait long periods for food. It is against my principles. There is no place in this entire world that is worth waiting more than 15 minutes for food. 
However, when you go out to dinner with friends you make compromises. That's what friends do. We were in Philly for a conference. Four of us decided to have dinner on a Saturday night. One of us is vegetarian, we figured middle eastern food is a safe bet for vegetarians because of various options.
This place is small. We walked in to Leila around 8pm. It is Saturday night, the place seems busy, we were cool with a short wait. My friends decided we can wait for 15-20 minutes to be seated. Surprisingly, we were seated right away. The owner (I assume) moved a party of two to another table to seat us. That should have been our first clue to get out. We felt bad for the two ladies who were asked to move. That's when I noticed he wants the four of us to sit at a table for two. He immediately brought two more chairs and put them around the little table and asked us to sit.
Under ordinary circumstances I would have walked out without saying a word, but I was with friends. They were ok sharing a small table. I didn't want to be rude. We sat brushing arms with people sitting next to us. It was highly uncomfortable.
15 minutes later the owner comes to take our order. We were starving by then. We order right off the bat. My friend asks for a date smoothie that was on their menu.
Owner: Oh, we don't serve that.
Friend: It says you have it, on the menu.
Owner: I just made it up because it sounds good. Nobody in America has it, so I made it up.
Friend (with puzzled look): So, you don't serve it, but you have it on the menu because it just sounds good? 
Me: Yeah, that doesn't make any sense. Why offer something that you have no intentions of serving?
Owner: *skips this conversation and takes the rest of our order*
We wait.... and wait....and wait.... 30 minutes. We weren't even served our drinks (water). How hard is it to serve water??
30 minutes later the owner comes and asks us to move to the table next to us because he thinks we need a bigger table. No shit, Sherlock....you should have done this 30 minutes ago. We move.
Next thing you know he seats another 4 people at the table we just vacated. This guy is unbelievable.
And then he tells us our food is ready to come out.
So, we wait for our food... and wait.... and wait....for another 30 minutes. That is when the other lady working there comes and asks if we ordered.
Holy muthafu*kin hell. Did you just ask us if we ordered? We ordered an HOUR ago. And your greedy owner keeps seating people, but doesn't serve them, because he doesn't want to lose customers. You know what? I am finished here.
I look at my friends and say I am leaving. I don't care if I am rude, I am not putting up with this bull$hit. My friends were pretty pissed off by then and we all left. 
When you say my food is coming out right now, it means it will be on my table within the next 10 minutes. I shouldn't have to wait 30 minutes only to be asked if we ordered.
Perhaps the food is good. But the inefficient service and rude staff are not worth returning. 
The public health professional in me was also pissed that they do not have a separate area for hookah smokers. The tables around us were blowing smoke all over us. Isn't this a violation of the health code?
P.S. We were there for an hour...they still did not serve our water. That is how horrible this place is.I thought the quality of the food was excellent. I've had a lot of Middle Eastern food and a lot of Greek food, and this is the best I've had in Philadelphia. The hummus, shwarma and tabouleh were perfect on a pita. The lentil soup was very uniquely spiced. Beyond my expectations. To top it off, the hostess and owner were amazingly sweet and friendly, respectively. I had it take-out, but I would like to eat there sometime soon. I've lived here two years and wish I had found this little gem sooner. Found thanks to Foodler.The sign in the window says this place has "Center City's Best Middle Eastern Cuisine"  Normally you'd ignore such a self-gratifying statement as marketing fluff - like all the "Best cup of coffee in New York" signs.  As it turns out - the sign just states the facts.  This was probably the best Middle Eastern food I've had outside the Middle East.
I went with the schwarma platter - served over rice with yogert, tabouli and hummus.  I've got high standards for schwarma - and generally order it in the states with the same frame of mind I order cheese steaks outside of Philly - try not to think of it as ACTUAL schwarma and just enjoy the (crappy) mean.   
Unlike just about anyone else in this city Leila cooks schwarma on a rotisserie the way god himself intended.  The taste and texture was spot on authentic and amazing - a flash back to Yemen or the West Bank.  Melt in your mouth and make your insides swim delicious.  I am truely impressed.  Better yet - at around 9 bucks cheaper than most places, too.
The GF went with the Falafel - which is probably the only falafel in town I'd be willing to eat again.  Fried crisp, good texture - and not that mealy greasy crap I keep getting around town.  Again - cheap.
We made the mistake of ordering the big Maza appetizer platter.  It was like 13 bucks and would feed a family of four.  Honestly we thought they screwed up the order because so much food came out.  Big winner here was the stuffed grape leaves - which may have been teh best I have had anywhere.  Not even a little stringy - and they packed them in such a way as to throw out a lot of flavor without being overwhelming.
Service was great - friendly and welcoming.
If I were comparing this against other restaurants in general in the area - I would probably give it four stars.   However - if you are looking for Middle Eastern - this is truly "as good as it gets" for about 2000 miles in any direction.  Hence - five stars.  
Note - they lose a half star for serving coke in a can... as is my standard because I'm a soda snob.  However - they gain an extra half star for having hookahs and shi'sha... so we're even at five stars.It's my first time: both on Yelp, and at Leila's, so go easy on me...
When the storefront at the corner of 13th and Pine went vacant (Wasabi House moved to Camac & Pine), I was curious to see what would come of it. When the sign advertising middle eastern cuisine (and hookah bar!) was placed in the window, I made a mental note to support the new neighbors in my hood. However, it took a few months until the mood struck. I'm SO glad it finally did.
When the bf and I entered the place, it was a bit ambiguous whether we were supposed to seat ourselves or wait for someone to assist. A few seconds into our confusion, we were greeted warmly by a man who seemed to be cook and waiter (and possibly owner?). He encouraged us to sit wherever we'd like, "we're very casual here." He was instantly likable, and his charm set the tone for a great evening out.
Simply put, the food was amazing. We ordered too much of it, but it was just... so... good: a maza platter (a sampler of sorts) with tabouleh, hummus, baba ganoush, fatoush, pita, grape leaves (oh so spectacular grape leaves), feta and olives, tomatoes... and who knows, I probably left something out. The food just kept coming--and THAT was just the appetizer! I had a falafel platter on top of that (which I didn't realize also came with the tabouleh and hummus I was craving); the bf had what he described as a "perfectly cooked shwarma platter"--and he's picky, having lived in the middle east for a time. I had a milk, banana & honey smoothie. Admittedly, this sweet drink might seem like a strange addition to the garlic & herb mix that was my dinner, but it was a nice balance nonetheless. The value is exceptional--I think part of the reason why we ordered so much food is because we expected less of it, based on the prices (dear Leila Cafe: please don't change this--it's yet another reason to love you).
Why four stars? Because Leila Cafe has the mixed honor / curse as my first Yelp, so I want to hold back a bit. I definitely expect this neighborhood cafe to be a regular in my rotation. And I know that I can always add the star that it probably already deserves.