I really liked the atmosphere at this place.  Warm and inviting.  
We easily got a seat in the bar for drinks and snacks on a Monday night for happy hour.  The drinks special of the night (I can't remember the name) was a "deal" at $9!  After that I got one of the regular priced drinks (I think it was $13) which was also really good.  I couldn't remember the name of either drink.
We ate: 
The butternut squash latkes - flavorful and delicious and soft.  My favorite dish of the three.
Fried cheese curds - interesting - a bit of a pleasant rubbery texture, with a light crisp batter, but they did need a little bit of salt.
Fried coat cheese - This was in some sort of jelly with pine nuts - very tasty.
The server was attentive and friendly and the music was some sort of super emo mix of sad songs.  I would totally come here again for both food and drinks.I was here with a friend for happy hour a few months ago. It was great- crowded but service, food, cocktails, beer selection, ALL good. We went back last night for a birthday dinner with two more friends. DIFFERENT EXPERIENCE.
(I am a former bartender, expediter so I have some point of reference here)
We arrived 45 minutes before our reservations to have drinks at a table around the bar. This turned into one drink before dinner because it took 40 mins to get them.  
After we were seated, ordered another round and some apps.  20mins later, 3 of the 4 apps came but drinks didn't.. The waitress said the bar was backed up and extended her apologies. Which was possible, however, the bar by this point was not packed, normal crowd. 10 mins later, we ordered dinner and at the point our 4th app showed up and finally the drinks. 
Dinner comes (we ordered one more round of drinks). I had the NY Strip so I was expecting a NY STRIP, right? Wrong.  Instead, I received 6 bites of overcooked steak, a smear of spinach puree and 6 quarter inch squares of beets for $28. My friend received inedible, greasy fried chicken and fake slaw. She let the waitress know it wasn't to her liking and sent it back. 
15mins later, the waitress gave us the crappiest version of a funnel cake I've ever had. She was trying to be nice and it was appreciated but don't give me something terrible to make up for terrible service. Oh, that's when our next round of drinks finally showed up. 
Whether it was the kitchen, the bar or the wait staff, who cares, It took a party of 4 three hours to get 3 rounds of drinks and an overpriced, sub-par dinner. The bill came, ($200++). No courtesy of even a comp drink or plate 
never again..Lemon Hill...what is there to say other than the fact life seems a little better after one of your cocktails and delicious appetizers? This place is great, and my go-to Fairmount spot.I have been here three times.  The first two times were just for drinks and last Saturday I went to Lemon Hill for dinner with three friends.  I had the catfish club which was excellent and the beet salad and roasted cauliflower flatbread for appetizers.  Everything was delicious.  One friend had the three bean cassoulet which had rabbit sausage.  The special was a great value at $15 and was tasty.  I also had dessert-a plum and apricot crumble with ice cream which was a good price at $6. The service is good.  I'd recommend Lemon Hill for dinner or drinks. The food is tasty, seasonal and a good price.First time I've been compelled to write a review so hopefully this will be helpful to others considering Lemon Hill.
Was there last Saturday night with my Wife for the first time.  If you're looking for a place to go for a really good drink and relaxed vibe I would definitely recommend Lemon Hill.
If you're looking to have dinner too then I'd say go elsewhere.  We had the baked feta, steamed muscles, braised short ribs, and the chicken sandwich.  All of which were disappointing.
Given the number of selections we made for 2 people I was surprised that we didn't find anything that was good.
Chicken Sandwich:  The sandwich was dry and the fries were soggy.
Baked Feta:  Nothing special.  Didn't have much flavor at all.
Steamed Muscles:  Bland.  Nice portion size.  The muscles are not always prepared the same so perhaps we just hit an off recipe.
Braised Short Ribs:  Tough and a bit fattier than I would have liked.
I'm giving Lemon Hill 2 stars for the excellent drinks and very nice wait staff.  Unfortunately I can't give out any for the food.  What a shame.This place is kind of cool. Gives a little personality to what is normally not a great neighborhood for night life. Lemon Hill has everything great cocktails, a really cool/hip vibe and to top it off the food does not suck.Our world is rocked to see the doors closed here. One of (if not) the best food/drink establishments to hit Fairmount. Thank you for the delish drinks, amazaballs meals, and an amazing staff.Great food and friendly service.  Enjoyed dinner when the restaurant first opened and have recently been for brunch twice.  The food and service were terrific each time.  For brunch, had the flatbread the first time and the frittata the second time, and highly recommend both.  Haven't tried them yet myself, but a friend raves about the pastrami fried chicken wings.I live a few blocks from Lemon Hill and love it dearly. The restaurant is the best neighborhood gem, though the parking around it is hellish - be warned! The menu is very eclectic - no apparent theme except that everything is going to be absolutely delicious. The beef fat kimchi sandwich is a legend in these parts of fairmount. Their cocktails are derived from Franklin Mortgage Co. except at 1/2 the price! 
Steve ( who may be a waiter/bartender/manager, who knows) dominates the place with informative, genuine and seriously clever banter. I want to eat everything after he describes it to me in colorful detail. 
The winter squash latkes are an sinfully spot on combination of savory and sweet. I will be so sad when the season ends and it get's replaced with summer. The roasted root veggies are in an amazingly herb-ed butter sauce. Every fish special that I have had has been perfectly cooked and seasoned. And don't get me started about the donuts... they literally melt in your mouth - so good!
I am going to brunch next weekend and am so excited for the pumpkin pie crepes!
However, I can only give 4/5 stars because of the small menu. I love this place and wish I could come more often but the menu doesn't change enough. Lemon hill, you need either more specials or more entree choices.. But please don't change the Latkes.Went here for brunch last week and had a really good meal. It's a cute neighborhood place with a cozy atmosphere. Unfortunately the coziness didn't extend to the booth we were seated in, which was kind of awkwardly shaped and the seats were rather hard and comfortable. 
The service was good, attentive but not overly so and the pacing of the meal was right on.
With 4 of us eating, we got to try a range of items on the menu. The highlights were the Foie Gras donuts, which were rich and delicious, but not over powering and the moderate portion made them reasonable. The pork belly and eggs were also quite good, although simple and the flavors weren't particularly new or exciting. Sometimes you just need a hearty meat and eggs breakfast though, so this dish definitely did the trick. I especially enjoyed the Hangover burger, with its bacon, avocado, sunny side egg and thai chili mayo. It was a little difficult to eat because the bread, which was actually good, dissolved due to the streaming juices from the burger, so a different vessel may have been better suited. The mayo had a nice kick to it, but I wish there had been a bit more avocado to balance it out. 
Overall, a very enjoyable experience and if I find myself back in Fairmount on a weekend morning I would definitely head back to Lemon Hill.Awesome. 
Comfortable restaurant with great food and drink.
The impressive menu had interesting   appetizers, and  several we tried were delicious. We enjoyed entrees of braised short ribs with corn pudding, hamburger with fresh french fries and chili with a spicy cornbread, which were perfect for a cool fall night.  Due to such generous portions, its going to be nice for lunch again tomorrow! Only bad thing I can say is we were too full to try the desserts!
Service was exemplary, so we'll surely return. I hear the menu changes enough to make us eager to return to try something new!A cozy bar that serves classic and innovative drinks, with delicious food, and plays hip hop music?! I'm SO into that. Lemon Hill is a beautiful bar/restaurant although parking in the area on a Friday or Saturday night can be a major challenge. Luckily, we landed a parking spot within a block and grabbed a high top out in the main bar room. I noticed that there was a dining room as well (however, I was so enamored with the bar area, I didn't get a chance to check out the other room). I can't remember what I ordered, but I remember it was tasty. Also, the drinks were out of this world, I made my way through the menu, ordered a tequilla drink first, a bourbon second and a hot buttered rum to close out the evening... maybe that's why I don't remember what I ate.We live in Fairmount and we were really looking forward to dinner at Lemon Hill as we had never been there before.  The service was slow.  It was not crowded.  Our waiter was nice enough, but we rarely saw him - he spent a bit more time socializing with other employees.  The corn dog appetizer was cold.  The short rib chili was not good.  Unfortunately the best part of our meal was the beer and the free hush puppies.  We were disappointed, as we like going to restaurants in our neighborhood, but we probably won't go back to Lemon Hill.Been going here for a while now. Best drinks in Fairmount, hands down. Probably the best gastropub food too--creative chef with mostly hits and a few misses. Nice neighborhood atmosphere. Very knowledgable servers.Nice addition to a really pretty street. Especially when they open those big windows to the street it's a great street cafe atmosphere. We didn't love the food our first time -- things were a little overseasoned. But this is becoming a really great neighborhood for food and I'm sure these people will figure it out. Drink menu is great, they work hard at their beer selection, nice happy hour specials, very friendly and attentive service. A little fine tuning in the kitchen and they'll be a fixture for many years. Glad to have them.Though Philadelphia needs another 'gastropub' like a hole in the head, these guys do a pretty solid job. If you ignore the $13 cocktails you can have a fairly inexpensive delicious meal with some flash and some fun and still see the Phillies game. And it's 50 feet from my apartment so that's always a plus too. 
We had the california roll dip which was less a dip and more a topping - the rice crackers did not withstand actual dipping, so use a fork! - and some pastrami chicken wings to start which were salty and delicious. Shrimp and grits were also pretty delicious - especially the grits. Dessert was a side order of thick-cut potato chip french fries which could have been a little more well done but were none the less a great comfort food palate cleanser. 
Service was mixed at the beginning and improved as the night went on. All in all a lovely evening - will definitely be back for brunch - and more grits!A great pub!  Eight dollar cocktails made with great skill.  The illusive green aviation Excellent Collard greens.  Get the fish.Great spot for brunch. We didn't have reservations, but they were able to quickly fit us in. Our son had the French toast and it was beautiful and delicious. My husband and I had the Standard with fresh eggs cooked perfectly, crispy bacon, a potato cake, and sour dough toast. The staff was friendly and helpful. The tea was also tasty - Harney and Sons Earl Gray. It is a quaint little place that I recommend.I'm not quite sure why this has a 3 dollar sign on their review but I think this place is very reasonably priced. This restaurant has become our local classy & trendy watering hole with delicious food. The brunch menu is quite divine.  I always bring friends to this place and every one of them has come back. Here are my faves:
Top 5
Baked Purgatory eggs (Brunch only)
Any & all of their flatbread specials
California Crab dip
Baked cavatelli
Homemade peanut butter ice cream, actually all of the ice cream!
Drinks: i'd love a vieux carre please!
I would really give this place a 3.5 star. The only thing I do not like about Philadelphia bars is that dang TV. But, I respect the Philadelphians and I know they love their sports teams. I just don't like it when the bar area becomes a sports bar. Otherwise, I would give it a 4-star.Lemon hill is my "go to" place. The cocktails were awesome. I could tell that lemon hill takes pride in there drinks. The food was great... I had rabbit sausage which was a special menu item for the day. Very well done. I also enjoyed the flatbread as an app. Overall I highly recommend this restaurant.Absolutely amazing food and drinks. My favorite place to go in the Fairmont area for sure.
Service is always friendly and knowledgable. Never have had a complaint.
Great atmosphere and music as well!
Drinks can be expensive, but it's totally worth it if you're looking for a great night out.Great little spot with friendly and attentive staff, warm atmosphere and excellent beer selection. I had a Smuttynose Robust Porter and the Classic Patty Melt - both were fantastic. I would recommend this place this friends.
The only bummer was that my beer was served in a glass smaller than a pint glass. I know that some beers are 'supposed' to be served in special glasses, but for $6.50 I would have preferred a pints-worth.Their brunch is amazing.  They just started brunch this weekend [3/4] so I didn't really know what to expect, but having had their dinner & drinks here previously [Amazing, especially the amish chicken. Who knew simple chicken could be so absolutely to die for delicious??] I had pretty high expectations.
We were so happy that it wasn't crowded when we got there, and started off with irish coffee & biscuits. The biscuits were so flaky and savory, served with a generous heaping of homemade orange marmalade and freshly whipped butter.
My brunch was the dark & stormy french toast-- rum soaked/brown sugar french toast with lime curd & fresh whipped cream. The toast was perfectly crispy on the outside and so fluffy and delightful on the inside. I've never had french toast that wasn't super sweet; the flavor balance in this meal was perfect.
My friend got the pork belly, eggs, grits & red-eye gravy. Also amazing-- I'm not even a fan of grits, but they were so creamy and delicious. I was so impressed with how they took simple comfort food and created these gloriously well flavored and amazing dishes.
The staff was also wonderful-- they were so attentive and answered all of our q's about the menu and made recommendations. There are also flatbreads & fritatas that change everyday, and a few more lunch-like items are on the menu too.
The prices were also great, making this not only the best brunch I've had in Philly [or anywhere] but also the best value [$9 for the pork belly meal, $11 for the french toast, $2 for the biscuits/marmalade, $5 for irish whiskey]. 
Pretty sure this dark & stormy french toast will haunt my dreams & be my go-to brunch food anytime I'm in Philly.Don't go there they were terrible. The new owners "black taxi " have made it a great neighborhood bar once again. Great job guys !Disclaimer: I loved the previous bar at this location (Lucky 7) and it was my main hangout for a while, so it's easy for me to find disappointment in this new establishment.
I think Lemon Hill is ok, but not great, and just not right for the location. The food is typically good-ish. The drinks are always great. And the staff is amazing. But the atmosphere just is not what I'm looking for most of the time. It's a very date-night kind of place vs. the previous bar's neighborhood watering hole where everyone talks to everyone and makes new friends type of place.
I wish there was more items that appealed to me on the menu. One night I couldn't decide on anything and finally defaulted to ordering their hot pretzel sticks just so I didn't go home hungry. I should have asked about them first. They contained caraway seeds which I generally distaste.
I mentioned something about it when the bartender asked if I liked them, and they have the menu so it's clear they have caraway. So like I said, the staff is amazing and attentive and definitely works to correct things where they can.
There are sometimes food items which I love though. Last fall, if I remember correctly, they had a pumpkin risotto or gnocchi or something which was out of this world. I went back often while that was on the menu.
The beer selection is my favorite thing about Lemon Hill. There's usually some central Pennsylvania beers on tap here that I'd never heard of before and which have often pleased me and made up for the hit or miss food.
But overall, I really miss Lucky 7.Fairmount has plenty of places to get a good burger, so it's a welcome addition to have a more upscale place with delicious cocktails. The decor is warm and unpretentious. I went on one of the opening nights and so the place was swarming with manager types trying to get the service right. It was almost comedically attentive ("Hello, my name is Rich. What is your name?"), but in a good way.
I can't give it five stars because the food was a little hit and miss, but the menu has so much potential. They'll get it right. The beer cheese was the winner. The upscale corn nuts were not at all delicious and the Califorina roll dip thing was awfully mayonnaisey. In a group of three committed eaters, nobody fought to finish it. We also had a tarted up mac and cheese that was super rich and fatty, yet not really good enough to justify it. Dessert, some kind of pie, was also really good, but it was just pie on a plate. When we noted the plain presentation to the waitress, she brought us a little dish of ice cream on the house. Actually put that on the plate to start with and you'll be in bizness.
The food prices were totally reasonable. We had a bunch of appetizers and small plates for $5-13. Cocktails were quite small for being $10, but they're so artfully made that I don't mind. I'll be back!Came here with a group of friends for brunch.  The atmosphere is cozy in the winter.  The menu had a nice selection of breakfast items and lunch.  We started with the biscuits, which were homemade and served with butter and jam.  I loved them.  I then had the cheeseburger.  It was really good but messy to eat.  Overall, it was really good.Amazing food and ambiance, excellent cocktails.  Had a wonderful evening here--highly recommend!!!!im a maybe fan. went on one of the opening nights. the managers were there. yes they were. which is good because this is how you assure your business works right. you show your mug, especially in this neighborhood where these type of  worthwhile places dont occur frequently. (most of the pubby pubs in the area just exist in a state of quasi-consciousness Jurassic inertia)  thank god they demo-d the ratty termite bleach and ketchup aura of the last place, put some money into the trim and put some clean stone in the bathroom. what a difference crown moulding makes! 
drinks are pricey, not gonna lie. food mostly good, but like others have pointed out, hit or miss, but potential enough that it will morph into Things That Make Sense.  the corn nuts dont fall into that category because no matter how hard you try, they are a gas station pick-me-up for a road trip, and dont belong in a bar charging 14 dollars for a prohibition era cocktail.  
1. put garnishes on the dessert. it elevates anything, and the pies are homemade! you gotta highlight that accomplishment, because without garnishes and cream of some kind, I assume you got it from costco.
2. more waffle fries with the patty melt. fairmount people like special fries, but giving them exactly 5 special fries does not cut it, no matter how waffly the cut.
3. your service was very good, so keep those people happy! extremely accommodating even in the face of an intimidating crush of enthusiastic humanity from the neighborhood.
4. if you think its going to be really busy, hire more bartenders.
5. consider some kind of happy hourCame in here late night on a Saturday after being told London Grill had closed their kitchen early. So the bartender suggested we check out Lemon Hill instead. Place looks great on the inside - big dining area, nice bar space with plenty of seats around the bar & high tops for parties looking to dine at the bar as well. Late night menu seemed promising. We ordered dirty rice balls for an appetizer and got some patty melts for the main course. We had been craving the London burger at LG so we figured this would come close. 
Boy, were we wrong!
The dirty rice balls came out - they look like hush puppies kind of, deep fried exterior with a dipping sauce on the side. Took a bite - they were ice cold in the middle. Not sure how they make these in advance for prep (freeze them in advance, fridge them to stay firm before frying), but you could at least check the internal temp of the food you're sending out of the kitchen. It was a major turn off. Not the kind of first impression you want to leave with customers, esp. considering the place is so new & has a reputation to uphold based on the fact that it's joint venture between 2 well regarded city establishments: Supper & Franklin Mortgage.
Patty melts came out shortly after. Menu said they came with waffle fries - they were more like fried potato slices with crinkles on them; looked and tasted like they came out of a bag. Patty melt itself wasn't anything to write home about for what was probably like, $10-$12 (can't remember & can't look it up since Lemon Hill doesn't have their menu posted on their website. wtf?) 
Didn't try any drinks but some of the ones on the menu looked interesting. Guess you could always come here for cocktails instead of waiting on line at Franklin. I'd pass on the food though.A great spot for some nosh and some solid cocktails. My friends and I had a couple of drinks a piece and ate some of their appetizers. 
Let's see here. A Brown Derby, an Old Fashioned, a Gin Fizz, a Manhattan. Oh and something called the Fort Washington. It was made with a whole egg which is all the rage these days. It was so creamy and satisfying. The rest were all well made. 
This was followed up with some good flat bread and according to my friend, some delicious clams. I'd come back!My boyfriend took me to Lemon Hill on a Lunch date. Didn't really know what to expect but I was not disappointed. The food is delicious. The atmosphere casual. A hidden gem!The food and service here was amazing.  The waiter was probably one of the best I've ever had- extremely friendly, enthusiastic and knowledgeable.  My friend and I decided to share a bunch of appetizers since they all looked so amazing.  A few highlights:
Dry rub wings.  Usually I'm not a fan of dry rub but these were flavorful and crispy.  
Cheese curds.  Yum.  Fried cheese...what's not to love.
Goat's milk ricotta.  Ugh...so divine.  Probably one of the most delicious things I've had.  So silky smooth and creamy with some candied walnuts on top.  
I cannot wait to come back here!Wanted to stop by for a late dinner on Sunday night, checked the hours on Yelp and it stated they were open.  When I arrived, they were definitely closed.  They might want to update that so other potential customers do not experience the same issue.I love this place. The food is always good (although it's a little expensive for my tastes), and it's not too crowded so it's a great place to meet up with girlfriends and overshare about whatever is going on with you. I especially recommend week nights.
Most of all, I really love this one waiter. He gives really excellent descriptions of the drinks and recommendations if you tell him your preferences. I went with four other people, we all have very different tastes in beverages, and we were all very happy with our choices. This dude is just super good at his job, and I applaud him for that. It definitely makes the difference between 4 and 5 stars. Good work!We've been a few times and actually made Lemon Hill our final brunch in Philly - and for good reason.
Fantastic brunch, the pork belly is great but fatty - in case that's not your thing.  The stuffed crêpes were delicious, definitely split a sweet and savory meal if your dining with someone. The grits went from your traditional creamy style to fried grit cake. Not really our thing, but it might be better for others.  Grits are grits, if I want that texture I'll get hash browns.
The charred asparagus and egg toast was very, very tasty. Across the board Lemon Hill is always a solid brunch choice. It's a little pricier than what you'll pay elsewhere, but for the most part it's worth the price of admission. Service can be somewhat spotty when they're real busy, but nothing out of the ordinary.  The beer selection is always great but also a bit pricey. 
We've never had trouble getting a table and always get our food pretty quickly. If you want to avoid the long brunch lines and still get a great meal, I'd check out Lemon Hill.Although our first visit was thwarted by it being opening night AND an overly ambitious bouncer, we were very excited to return and try this place out. Since it's around the corner from us, we were pretty excited. 
Having spent time at Aspen and then Lucky 7, I was absolutely astonished at what the new owners were able to do here. Beautiful wood paneling, refinished floors, updated bar. Even the bathrooms got a facelift. It's small, but cozy and fits the 'hood perfectly. My only gripe is that there is literally no sign outside! 
Service was a little frazzled, but I think that's more a factor of being a new opening. However, still friendly and attentive. 
The cocktails! Wow - extremely well done. We tried several, which we understand are tried and true recipes from the Franklin Mortgage. I particularly liked the Old Fashioned. The Fairmount Project is also great. While these are a bit pricey at $10-$12 each, these are not your typical watered down bar drinks. Plenty of bang for your buck. 
Everything on this menu looked good. Interesting takes on a variety of bar/pub food staples. The California Crab Roll Dip is interesting and very good - it's quite literally a deconstructed California roll with crunchy rice crackers. The beer cheese dip was probably my favorite: a crock of cheesy dip with pickled onions. I can't put my finger on what makes this great, but it was! The pastrami fried chicken wings are crispy and juicy. The spice rub was really good - they tasted like pastrami! 
Most of us had the patty melt, which was very good. Quality beef cooked medium rare, homemade pickles, grilled onions, and special sauce. Waffle fries were more like flat fries with a slight waffle-y texture. I tried a bite of the BBQ turkey sandwich and  wow - that was good. 
Overall, quality food for the price. I would highly recommend. I hope they add a happy hour as I would happily come every day for a cocktail! Great addition to the neighborhood.Yummy and cheap! Average meal was $15 and they had a solid beer list. Yet another gem hidden in the backstreets of Fairmont. The menu is very limited, but you'll still need time to debate which entree you want. I would definitely recommend this place!Best cocktail artisans in Fairmount. Avoid the dark and stormy, its weak and seems generic otherwise no complaints.The service and drink menu is exceptional for Fairmount. I'm not sure why you would spend money on the food. It's just not that good, unless you are committed to eating between Girard and the Parkway. A big culprit is the disconnect between the menu descriptions and the actual food. Appetizers sounded appealing and looked entirely ordinary, like something that a pub sans gastro would push out. The actual taste of the food was fine. However, this may just amount to trying to put lipstick on a pigCame here for some post-dinner drinks. Was pleasantly surprised by the cute ceiling decorations! Such a cozy little place for drinks! Our server was also nice enough to answer all our quiz questions regarding which drinks contained what. Surprisingly, he seemed to have every ingredient down to the lemon drop. Specialty craft drinks $9, which isn't bad considering the quality. 
Cons: parking, and somewhat limited menu. still a great place to check out.Excellent and unique cocktails. Good food.  This place lives up to the rave reviews. You have to try the pastrami wings.Last night, Monday, 5 of us were looking for a place to eat just walking down the street heading towards Fairmont. We came upon Lemon Hill. What a lucky find! 
We were seated immediately and waited on by Steve. He was extremely knowledgeable and very nice. The whole ambiance was extremely pleasant. We ordered drinks and beer and the frenet branca at the end. It is a very different liquor, for sure! Our food was top notch. We sampled the Orzo, the gumbo, the lamb meatballs, the pulled pork with Carolina sauce sandwich, the bbq'd flatbread, and their starter salad. All was fantastic. 
For sure b going back for many visits.This is a great neighborhood establishment.  The shrimp and grits are amazing!  Michelle the bartender and Angel are extremely knowledgeable.  They know everything about everything on their liquor list which is unique and high quality.For good or bad (and I think good), Lemon Hill to me embodies Philly restaurant culture. It's a little unfair because Philly has a great byob scene which would make it difficult to ever leave here. But maybe more so than that, there's something great about going to place that can offer a few microbrew/local beers that are damn good, add in a food menu that is a notch or to above "bar food" and put it in a distinct neighborhood. To me that's what is a lot of fun in philly. You can jaunt out to virtually any neighborhood and find the equivalent joint. I guess to some the rise of the gastropub in philly has grown a little out of control, but to me picking a new area to go out to and knowing you can get a good beer and food is all you need.
So that's a long intro into a review for Lemon Hill, a place where honestly I liked the food a lot but don't remember it much. I thought the draft list was really good, but amazingly that's sort of what you expect when you go out to these places... and I think you take that for granted once you've lived in philly for awhile. The staff is friendly, the clientele is youngish and neighboorhoody whatever that means. Everytime I come here I have a lot of fun, because how can't you when you have good drink, a tv with some sports, a decent bite to eat, and a good crowd.Great brunch spot.  Moderate service, but delicious food.  I think the biggest selling point was that they had plenty of tables available at 11am on a Saturday; worth a stop in just for not having to wait!Loved the drinks, great bar, perfect drinks list, friendly knowledgable staff, nice neighborhood and reasonable prices however the food was "nice". It could've been better. That said if I was in the neighborhood again I'd go back. Maybe more for the drinks and cheese!I've eaten here three times now, all three times in the restaurant.  The atmosphere is what you imagine a bar to be, but rarely is.  Comfortable, friendly staff, great drink selection and food that makes you want to order it but without going overboard.  Missing is the usual smell of day old beer, the cranky locals sitting at the bar, or the artsy staff that seem to give you an attitude.
For brunch, I can highly recommend the Prok Belly & Eggs as well as the Brown Sugar Soaked French Toast.    There was also a yogurt type granola dish that I tried and was impressed with.  
From the dinner menu, the spicey crab cocktail in the glass has got to be the single best thing on the menu, amazing!
The BBQ rib sandwich is a sure thing, as is the Tagiatelle and the Pork Belly dishes.  I'm looking forward to trying the house made sausage on my next visit.
This isn't just a place for foodies, although it offers gourmet level food for the average neighborhood restaurant.  Casual atmosphere amd great fpr a quiet date night where you don't have to worry about the restaurant turning into a scene and a mini club at 9pm.This is my first yelp! review. I had to get online to give Lemon Hill some praise. My wife and I went there last night and had a great time sitting at the bar BS-ing with bartender Pete and other patrons.  The drinks are sophisticated and well made and the Korean BBQ kimchi sandwich was some of the best food I've had in Philly so far. I'm an Instant regular.This is totally based on service, not the food, got there when it was supposed to open for brunch and the girl sat us down saying it would be a few minutes because they just opened, ok no problem. She comes back and says it will be another 30 minutes because their person who cleans the floors was late and the cook was late as well. Why even open the door? And only one person knows how to clean the floor?
From what I hear the food is great but so far the service sucks ass!Cute atmosphere but lackluster menu. Came here for dinner with two girlfriends and struggled to find something that I liked on the menu. Ended up ordering the pretzels as an app (average at best) and then ordered the brussell sprouts and roasted chanterelle flat bread as my entree. I have had amazing brussell sprouts in NYC before, so I was pretty disappointed when something I could easily make myself (and i am no chef) was presented to me. The flatbread was good, but not something I would have ordered if they had more options on the menu. Both of my friends got the tagliatelle which they said was ok. I have no desire to come back.Do not set foot in this place!
Likely the rudest, most unwelcoming place I've been in in the last several years.
Came here for a drink and some food with a friend - asked them to prepare me a drink, and when I see the bill - I noticed they charged me $16 for it. When I politely informed them that they should have notified me that this is what they were going to charge me, their terrible bartender Just said "Ya, thanks, next time" and walked away. I was just in complete shock. When i talked to the manager about both the ridiculous price and his response, she essentially said "Just pay us and leave". Obviously no tip was left. Disgusting. Seriously contemplating starting an anti Lemon Hill campaign among all of my friends in the area.What a cool spot to grab a drink.  I'm not very experienced when it comes to mixed drinks but that doesn't matter when you stop into Lemon Hill.  The bartenders are so knowledgeable and really try to recommend a drink that will fit exactly what you are looking for.  Its a bonus that they make all of their syrups etc.. in house.
I ordered the Blues Explosion as a few people mentioned it was tasty.  I have to agree it was fantastic!  My girlfriend wasn't sure what she wanted so she just described the flavors and spirits she enjoyed.  One of the bartenders recommended a Solar Flare which had been on a previous drink menu.  It was almost exactly what she was looking for.
I will make sure to stop in again for an after dinner drink or two.
Someone commented that you should not drive to Lemon Hill.  If you don't mind walking 2-3 blocks you can park in the lot off of Fairmount.  I think it was like $13 for several hours.STRICTLY A BRUNCH REVIEW:
So I've been to Lemon Hill a hand full of times, firstly for their soft opening and several times since. I also used to frequent Lucky 7 prior to its transformation from divey bar bar the iconic eatery Lemon Hill is now. 
On this recent venture out to the old neighborhood, we headed to Lemon Hill for brunch. We were immediately seated by one of their large, beautiful windows at a high top near the bar. From the tin ceiling tile and custom reclaimed lighting, to the exposed brick and warm wood paneling, this place is about as cozy-classic as it gets.
I ordered the Emma Frost and my bf ordered the French 75 to start and an order of their hickory dry rub wings. Both cocktails were expertly done, which comes as no surprise as Lemon Hill is a product of the great minds at Supper and Franklin Mortgage and Investment Co. For our meal, I ordered the coffee cake crepes and my other half ordered pork belly and eggs over grits and collards. 
The wings were TO DIE FOR. Seriously, I'd probably trade my soul for a lifetime supply of them. The rub was salty and flavorful; the smokiness really kicked them up a notch. They were served with the perfectly balanced buttermilk sauce and slightly spicy homemade pickled tomatoes (anything with pickled tomatoes is like heaven in my book). I'm not a huge BBQ fan but those dry rubbed wings were killer. 
We followed those up with our entrees, equally as good. My crepes came out a bit cold which was a bummer but the flavor and texture was great. Seriously, COFFEE CAKE CREPES. That's all I have to say =) BF's pork belly and grits are definitely worth coming back for though!! The grits were flavorful and the collards were the perfect balance of sour, sweet, and savory to cut the fatty, juicy pork. 
We finished off with a cup of coffee (possibly one of the best I've had in Philly...will definitely be looking for Rival Bros to take home) and a Bloody Mary. Now you guys know Bloody Marys are my holy grail. This one was the most memorable yet simple I've had in Philly. Perfectly balanced, no overpowering taste of liquor, not too spicy, but had a kick of pepper, horseradish and heat, and terrific tomato flavor in the juice!! I would drink this every weekend!!! (Side note: love the pickled green bean garnish!!! Props on homemade pickles!)
All in all, great brunch experience. Can't wait til the weekend!We were so excited when this place reopened as a new upper-scale restaurant - we really wanted to like it so much because we live nearby, but we'll never go back. 
It started off ok - we were seated at the last open table around 6:00 on a Friday. The waiter was nice and we were impressed with the new decor. But everything went downhill from there. The staff seemed frazzled, a guy I assume is the owner or manager was getting food when it came out of the kitchen and had a scowl on his face the whole time. We actually felt uncomfortable because he just seemed ready to take anybody's head off. But, ok, it was busy. 
We got our drinks after about 10 minutes, but it was busy, so okay, still giving it a chance. They had the air conditioning on - in January - and the duct was right above us and just blasting freezing air. I get that it was packed and that the staff probably was sweating, but we were so cold. And I usually run really hot. It did not look like it would have been taken well if we had said something to the angry owner or the nervous staff, plus we couldn't get anybody's attention to tell them anyway. 
We got our appetizer about 20 minutes in and it was pretty good. Best thing of the night. Our dinner took another hour to show up. An hour and a half from sitting down, we get our two sandwiches. Sandwiches! During this hour, waiter didn't come to the table once. Our drinks were long gone and we would have ordered more. We were still trying to like this place. But nothing. Finally get the food (still no waiter - someone else delivered it so we still couldn't order more drinks) and mine was just ok, but my husband's was so greasy. It wasn't made well. But we ate fast and got out as quickly as we could. 
And the reason we will never be back: my husband got violently sick two days later. At the hospital, where we had to go because it got so bad, the doctor drilled us on everything we ate for the last few days (I didn't get sick). We had been at home all weekend and had eaten all the same things except for the sandwiches at the restaurant. The doctor said it had to be from Lemon Hill because this type of illness is caused when food handlers go to the bathroom and don't wash their hands properly. Disgusting. And it typically takes two to three days to fully hit your system, so it fit exactly when we had eaten there.
I debated whether to leave this review because I generally like to do only good reviews and like to give a place the benefit of doubt, but after a week of watching my husband be the sickest he's ever been, screw that. Add to that the doctor being absolutely certain (and all the other medical staff agreeing) that this was not bad food, but bad food-handling, I felt I had to post. It's a shame -- we used to got to Lucky 7 every weekend.Wandering around Fairmount Avenue with Mr. Unusual lawyer looking for a late kitchen- that was the goal! It was the only place open. Food was okay. Company was good. Service was okay. Yayyyyyy new bar spot that opens late kitchens to add to my list. We did pass by a lot of places, really nice restaurants in the area but none were serving food late. Definitely need to check out more restaurant in this area. Gets close to Art museum area but not exactly. Yuppish area it seems.Any talk on what's going to replace Lemon Hill??? I live right across the street, and am anticipating something great, hopefully.Perhaps if you're into overpriced cocktails, this is the place for you. 
If you're looking for a cool bar, it's probably not. Very slim and odd food menu. Small beer selection, weird vibe inside and not very crowded on a Friday night. 
This place was better when it was Lucky 7's.Warning: horrible service! 
On a positive note, the food was great. Unfortunately, we found that out at home after having to ask for our food to go. To our surprise it took a hour to cook a burger, pork sandwich and an egg. Maybe this was their way of letting us know that kids aren't welcome? Even after asking for our food to go and the check we waited for 15 minutes for our waitress to reappear. 
Not recommended for families or hungry patrons. If you have plenty of time to kill and don't mind being ignored this place is a must.Only good thing about this dump is the waiters/waitress.The food was horrible .Thought i`ll find something great in the Fairmount area but was wrong.Only about 2 nice place in the area and this slop house isn`t one of them.Looks like Burger King or McDonalds has my money.For the first year it was open, Lemon Hill would have earned a five-star review. We visited several times and had exceptional food and service. Unfortunately, the last 3-4 times we've gone over the past 6 months, the quality of the food has seriously deteriorated, to the extent that we will not return. On our most recent visit, we went on a Saturday evening after a snow storm, and sat at the bar. The bartender waited on us, she was nice and the drinks came quickly. We ordered a ham and cheese stuffed ravioli on special as an appetizer. When it came out, we should have just sent it back. The portion size was laughable, and we are not unsophisticated diners who expect Olive Garden quantities. However, paying $12 for 4 postage stamp-sized ravioli, that are 75% pasta and 25% filling, is not acceptable. 
I had a burger for dinner. The flavor of the sauces on the burger were good, but it was inedible because it was poorly constructed on a crumbly English muffin-like bun, and smothered in butter. In fact, everything we ate that night was smothered in butter. The 'oven fries' that accompanied the burger were soggy and under-cooked. My husband had short rib chili and a side of mac and cheese. The mac and cheese was fine, he thought the chili was flavorless. 
The weirdest part of our meal was when prior to our first course arriving, a staff person brought us two complimentary mini-hot chocolates, then they up-sold us a shot of bourbon for each. This is not a horrible idea, but it felt really smarmy and cheap. It was also bad timing. Why would I want to drink this, with my beer, and before I eat my meal? They also poured you a shot on the side, with the intention that you mix it into your hot chocolate, which itself was only shot-sized. So the portions were very off. It would have worked better as dessert, but then they could potentially lose the money they'd make on dessert. It just seemed like a cheap, desperate way for them to tack on a couple of bucks onto your already expensive bill. 
We had really high hopes for this place, since it is only a few blocks from our house, and there are not a ton of dining choices in the immediate area. At this point, I would only return for a drink, and would not come back for a meal.I was only here for a drink the other night, but I cannot wait to go back for some food and more of those delicious, potent drinks! 
Our waiter was incredibly knowledgeable about the drinks, their levels of potency, and what to choose.  And adorable.  
What I really liked, other than the drinks, was the atmosphere - it's cool, they play good music, and I think it's good for a 30 something crowd!
Yay!!This place is excellent; I cant imagine why it's averaging less than 4 stars. 
I spent Valentine's Day here with my boyfriend and it was lovely-we got the same server we had before, and dude knows his drinks. He was able to craft me a near perfect pisco sour the first time I met him; second time around he steered me towards a very refreshing gimlet. 
The food is delectable and the atmosphere is that of an upscale, neighborhood friendly hotspot. A bit off the beaten path, so you don't get the drunken college hordes you might encounter on Fairmount.Just returned and had the spinach salad (HUGE, tasty, and only $10) and the November turkey special (hearty but mashed potato-less, and only $10). Service was lovely, as was the experience.
My only recommendation is to list the ingredients for the seasonal drinks on the menu. I love to try new things, but I didn't want to ask the waiter to describe every drink!A little pricey, but probably a close second to Bridgid's as the best foodie destination in Fairmount (not saying all that much.)  Good beer list, cocktails not bad, very nice ambiance.Found this place by chance. I had vegetable salad. Very nice. Then had daily mussels special - in red curry, with bok choy and broccoli shavings. Spicy but great flavor. My partner got the crispy pork belly with clams and black beans. Tasted it and found it to be very good too. Will revisit!Heard such good things about this place and was familiar with the area. So my brunch gals & I decided if this one be one we could Fit in rotation in Brunch places.
Getting there was quite easy(coming from over the bridge.) took Fairmount all the way to 25th..made a right. Parking was accessible , on weekends -parking has no limit on their streets in area. The  area is quite wonderful, redone & rebuilt, very nice. 
Lemon Hill sits on corner, light Green color, when walk in dark wood, sat us down high table, while waiting for my friend.
They had a wonderful menu,NOw onto the coffee. It was a name, never heard of before, served in little teacups. It was Nice roast, but had a hint floral or citrus note end-which didn't care for ,but tolerable. The food was great, we Split french toast, and got House cured bacon, should've said extra crispy. The french toast was caramelized , with strawberries fresh-sprinkled with pistachios & cream on it..
My other girlfriend is a Vegetarian/Vegan and asked if they had vegan options, got spring mix salad, and was not happy, even when she asked for olive oil, lemon juice. 
They were Very accommodating, and the guy came out, told her they could modify the menu to take off the meat, etc. Think she just got wrong item, they even took off the salad on the check.
Only thing I have to criticize on , since the cups were SOO small, hard to get someones attention to get coffee refill.But all -in -all had good time there, think better stick to them for late night, drinks & bar food. Friend of mine from work , says they are great, think that might be better then brunch..
Think this one might be re-visited for late dinner & snacks, cocktail or two. 
Return Factor: Probably just not for brunch rotation or coffee.Great brunch spot. Pork biscuits are really good and I love their interesting menu choices. Service always great.The bartenders at Lemon Hill know their booze! I am so happy with the transformation this place has taken from its last incarnation. The interior has completely changed and it really has a polish that isn't found often in this part of Philly. I have enjoyed cocktails and beers here a handful of times and every time I try something new. Their cocktails are stiff and complex in flavors. If you are looking for a certain liquor the bartenders can point you in the direction of something similar. We have been really pleased with their service. This is definitely the best place for cocktails in Fairmount. I have yet to try any of the food as the menu isn't very vegetarian friendly but I am looking forward to coming here to try their brunch.Came here on a Saturday night with eight friends to surprise a friend for her birthday.  Even though this place is relatively small, they were more than happy to accommodate our large group.  
Our server was attentive and very helpful with drink and food suggestions.  He was even willing to cut up a cake that we brought for our friend's birthday and dimmed the lights so we could embarrass her by singing Happy Birthday!
I didn't have anything to eat, but the appetizers our table ordered came out quickly as they were ready.  The cocktail list was great and my Old Fashioned was the best I've had in the city.  I'll definitely be back and I'll come hungry next time!I have lived in Fairmount for the past year, and am the biggest fan of the neighborhood. Lemon Hill is one of two neighborhood favorites. Located in a mostly unmarked building on the corner, Lemon Hill feels like your own secret neighborhood bar. I had been to their sister bar, Franklin Mortgage, and came expecting good drinks and an interesting atmosphere.
I have been mostly on weeknights when I wanted to get out for a drink and a bite to eat, and have never been disappointed. The food is not amazing, but is a solid weeknight stop. The bartenders are extremely knowledgeable, almost a bit too knowledgeable... My boyfriend discovered his favorite Old Fashioned in the city, and it has yet to be topped.
The menu changes seasonally, and the mussel preparation changes daily. On our most recent trip, I got the parsnip soup with crispy rabbit, and it was surprisingly delicious, my favorite dish that I've had at Lemon Hill so far.
Lemon Hill is more a favorite for the atmosphere and proximity to my apartment. A great Fairmount find.
Tip: sit at the bar. The dining room tends to get very noisy.Had the flat bread of the day excellent
Patty melt too much bread & waffles fries not good. but quality of meat & condiments were excellent.
Also had Amish chicken which was great.
Better fries & less bread it's a four star!
Atmosphere is beautiful. I'll be back often.GO FOR THE COCKTAILS!!!!!
Seriously. 
The food is really delicious (though the menu is slim), but the real reason to visit is the drink menu. Drinking beer or wine would be a waste because the bartenders put a huge amount of love in every drink. 
If you like your drinks strong, try the sazarac (my bf's absolute favorite--he says they make a great one here). If you like something sweet, the dark and stormy is ginger deliciousness. There are so many to choose from that I like to pick a new one every time I visit!Great gastropub. They have some of the best cocktails in Philly. They have a small dining room located behind the bar area (you walk in to the bar area). There are two TVs above the bar. The bartenders are knowledgable and skilled enough to trust to make an outstanding Old fashioned.Snooty, expensive, unfriendly. What's with the sour faced manager skulking around looking miserable? Why are there 15 employees constantly milling about trying to look busy?  Friends and I have tried this place three times---three times we did NOT have a pleasant, neighborhood  experience.  Which seems to be intentional. They might as well have a sign out saying, "This is NOT a place to hang with friends and have a few drinks." I live a few blocks away and will not become a regular. The food wasn't great. And the drinks? Expensive and weak. I'll take over-priced but fun Rembrandt's anytime.A powerful addition to Fairmount's bar scene. Delicious cocktails, original food, and charismatic staff. Unique but accessible menu too, but can be hit-or-miss--my Korean BBQ sandwich wasn't spot-on, in example. I love the decor and location (even though it is hard to find parking). Cocktails are both great takes on classics and unique ones, too. The staff is approachable, knowledgeable, and most of all, not arrogant or too showy. Recommended for a small group or a date.What a great place! A girlfriend and I came here on a Saturday night around 9ish and had no problem getting a hightop in the bar area. There was space in the separated dining area, but we wanted to be around more people. It is a chill atmosphere, not at all pretentious, the kind of place that would be a good meeting spot to grab a drink with a co-worker or even for a first date. 
I had the spinach salad, which was simply delicious. Loved the spiced pecans! And it wasnt too heavy on the dressing, much appreciated. For my main course, I had the short rib chili---yum! It had just the right enough of spice for me and I really enjoyed the whipped ricotta on top. The cornbread was just eh, so I decided to save the calories and indulge in the bread they gave when we sat instead.
Our server was great! I cant remember his name, but he was very helpful when it came to assisting my friend in finding a diet-friendly option and a nice beer that would be worth her calorie count (she's training for a competition).  He was quick with the water refills and overall very pleasant. 
I skipped out on cocktails, but the list was extensive and I've heard nothing but great things about it!
Loved the music that was playing! I'll definitely be back to try brunch!We came here for graduation cocktails a couple of nights ago. This place is freaking adorable.
The decor is classy yet comfortable, and our bartender was so approachable, fun, and clearly knew her stuff. Every drink we tried was delicious and strong. So strong that we had to order some fries to soak up the ethers. They were good, too. 
I'm already trying to think of excuses to go back...I'm a big fan of Lemon Hill's brunch. I've gone here a few times over the last year and always found the food to be consistently delicious and just slightly more sophisticated than many of the city's other brunch spots. Great eggs, biscuits, burgers, sandwiches and terrific drinks. The service is less consistent and has had its rough spots but I've had more positive experiences than negative ones. It's also a nice, cozy atmosphere for a Sunday brunch. I recently planned a brunch for a large bridal shower group and found the management super easy to work with and very flexible. The kitchen managed to get dishes out for 13 people at pretty much the same time, which is something I am sure they're not accustomed to doing. If I lived in the neighborhood I'd probably be here every other week - as it is, I'll keep going back as long as they keep doing what they're doing!Great neighborhood bar! delicious craft drinks! Just moved into the neighborhood so will definetly be coming back for dinner and brunch since I hear it's delicious.