I always really enjoy the hoagies from Lennys. I usually get the home plate which is a spicy roast beef on a seeded roll.  Definitely one of the best sandwich shops in the area.Love this place. Rolls are always so fresh, they stack the meat on, wonderful flavors. I often take hoagies home to WV and when I ask them to prep for travel, they wrap a little extra and put the oil in a cup so the bread doesn't get too soggy. The minor league is more than enough for one person (sometimes I save half for later) and the major league is HUGE. So worth the cash for these delicacies! I love the classic Italiano, and I hope to try some more of their specialties.Let's get this out of the way: I take my hoagies very seriously (see response to question in my profile prompting me for what my last meal would be). I have had many hoagies from many places, but I really think Lenny's could my favorite.
The Lenny's hoagies are of a certain breed of hoagie. Lenny's hoagies are very authentic Italian hoagies - seeded rolls (from Sarcone's bakery), imported Italian meats and cheeses, roasted long hot peppers, etc. These are serious hoagies and I *highly* recommend you try Lenny's if you are in the Roxborough area. 
I used to go to Primo's hoagies, but Lenny's will now be my default, especially because I can park in the free municipal lot across the street.Wow-- sums up my first trip to Lenny's.  The Rocco Supreme was delicious!!!  The spicy turkey and cheese were tasty and plentiful.  Did I mention that the major league was HUGE?!?!?  I only made it through a quarter of the hoagie before I had to push it way or risk bursting at the seam.  Lenny's may be my new lunch spot; lots of sandwiches left to try!Came in here and tried the Rocco.....loved the cajun mayo,loved the fresh meat,loved the cheese but....the roll was  hard which brings the rating down you can have the greatest sandwich in the world but if the roll is not fresh then it's just a waste of time had to throw most of the roll away not worth the money for a side of hot peppers either but I must say the meat, cheese and especially the cajun mayo were goodAbsolute heaven!!!
This has to be one of the best hoagie shops I've been to and I've live in a few different parts of the country.
Every offering is made with care, the bread is always fresh and the meat combinations they offer are out of this world. I literally start salivating thinking about it and like a zombie I find myself walking there to get one!
...
Ok back to review with sandwich in other hand. :)
My personal favorite is the "Soprano" which includes genoa salami, capicola, cotigene, prosciutto, mortadella, soppressata, grated locatelli & provolone cheese. Now that's a hoagie!!!
They have several other offerings some simple like an Italiano which is your standard Italian sub, to much more complex sandwiches. They even have a "kick up a notch" menu with several selections for those who like a spicy hoagie!
If you are ever in the Roxborough area, this is a must stop! You will not be disappointed. 
Warning: These hoagies can be addictive and may lead to zombie like walks where you suddenly find yourself with a hoagie in your hand, and may lead to need a new wardrobe due to increases in waist size.By far one of the best places for any type of hoagie. I love the GodFather III. The bread they use is amazing and full of flavor.  I'd much rather eat here over any other deli hoagie place. And the owner is extremely friendly.A hoagies shop something in-between a hole in the wall and a buy and eat-in kind of place. Plenty of selections to chose from... the basics to local combo of traditional meats with multi-sauces, hot and cold, rolls and wraps. You want sides? They got them sides. Want the "crack" or breakfast scrap-adelphia (scrapple & egg)? Come on over. I would call ahead if you want a quick grab and go or eat-in. Definitely worthy of a trip... and then some.Today was my first visit to Lennie's.  The guy who helped me out was happy to tell me what they offered.  Very friendly as well. The place was clean and most importantly,  the food was excellent.  I love that they don't fill your hoagie up with lettuce like other places do.  This is now my new go to place in roxborough! Well deserved 5 star rating!Juicy, greasy (in a good way) tasty delicious cheesesteaks.  As everybody knows the bread plays a crucial role and Lenny's bread is truly excellent.  Recommended but as take out only, for a good dining in experience both customer service and the seating area itself need to be improved.Great sandwich but very hit or miss. Sometimes they use lesser quality bread (unseeded roll) probably when they run low. Cajun mayo has to have drugs in it but going here is like watching Brad lidge pitch in the 2009 post season; either a strike out or a home run.good value, big sandwich with alot of options...good Italian deli, could be cleaner especially the clutter in the eating area...would returnSorry, but had to take off a point for the new rolls.  They are certainly better than average, but not up to the crusty ones (I'm assuming Sarcone's) that they used to use.  Same great insides and friendly service.  I do miss those jaw-exercising rolls though.First I was a Primo's man, then a Lenny's man, then back to Primo's, and now back to Lenny's again.  My love-hate relationship with Lenny's is due to the fact that they are really great hoagies, but they are not stuffed nearly enough for my tastes, so I often finish my hoagie and I am still hungry.  Primo's is similar quality and really stuffs the hoagies, but the price difference is huge.  Lenny's is a great deal.  Lenny's also gets a bonus for having hot sandwiches (steak sandwiches, roast pork, etc...).  Lenny himself is often working and is a nice guy.  As mentioned, Lenny's quality is similar to Primo's (I compare the two as they are walking distance away on Ridge Ave.).  The key to any good hoagie is hard, seeded rolls, and Lenny's certainly delivers in that regard.  Be sure to request a hard roll if you are ordering a hot sandwich.  Good meats, just not nearly enough of them.One of the best hoagie places in Philly. The enormity of choices reminds me of the old, defunct Wagon Wheel of the 1600 block of Sansom Street in the '80s. Lenny's combinations are marvelous
The survey asked about alcohol, but there was no choice to accurately describe Lenny's policy.  They do not serve alcohol, but are fine with BYO.  There is a Foodery across the street with OK, but uninspired food, but an amazing beer selection.  Order your food at Lenny's.  Pick up a beer at the Foodery and bring it back to Lenny's and your food will be ready.Just the best sandwiches I've had. They know which rolls to use when. A lot of original sandwiches. Excellent lunchmeat or cuts of meat. Excellent condiments. Big. Fast turnaround time.Best hoagies in the area by far. Delicious seeded rolls and fresh meats!
My boyfriend and I order from here at least once a week (this is not an exaggeration). We get the CJs Cajun Turkey hoagie. They make their own Cajun mayo and it's delicious - try it out!Just as great as everyone says ! The Cajun turkey sandwich is amazing ! No frills spot. You can eat in or take out. It IS cash only so plan ahead for that. I called ahead and they had my order ready very quickly ! The bread makes it ! If you want a real hoagie this is the spot in this area !So so good! I had a super delicious breakfast hoagie with egg, tomato, spinach and American cheese. I ordered the small and it was huge. I couldn't eat the whole thing. I will be back to try the other sandwiches.Second time visiting Lenny's... First visit was a few weeks ago and I don't know what took me so long to try this place. Today I had the Robbie. Chicken cutlet with honey Dijon...  It was amazing. Cutler was crispy even after being drenched with the honey Dijon. Will definitely be back.First visit. Had a ham and cheese hoagie which was very good. Excited to try more menu items in the future. HUGE menu, fast service and cheap prices.These are some of the best sandwiches in Manayunk/Roxborough. Lenny's is a family atmosphere and seems to also be run by a family, at least that's how they treat you. There are so many choices, and they are hung everywhere. They could organize their sandwiches better all in one place! The food is excellent though and the snitch will leave you stuffed. Lenny's is Philly hometown goodness.Came here for a breakfast sandwich and was not disappointed. It came on a long roll and was large and filling. I got the bacon, egg, and cheese. The bacon was chopped and distributed throughout the sandwich evenly and the cheese was the perfect amount. It is really rare to write a review on a breakfast sandwich but this one was exceptional. I will be back to try the hoagies for sure.Awesome meats and awesome breads. 
My favorite is the Soprano (5/5 stars) with salami, copocolla, cotigene, prosciutto, mortadella, soppressata, and provolone cheese. You don't need to know what the meats look like, or how to pronounce them, just trust me that they taste like heaven when sandwiched in the sesame roll. 
I usually can't finish the whole minor league size in one sitting so its good to share or have leftovers.A variety of hoagies and hot sandwich selections along with friendly customer service makes Lenny's a knock out of the park. 
 My coworkers and I eat at Lenny's at least twice a week and whenever we order something new on their menu, we were never disappointed. Out of all the delicious sandwiches we ate, there was one sandwich that stood out to us the most. This sandwich was called "The Crack." 
 Slathered in Cajun Mayo, filled with Beef Steak, Chicken Steak, Ham, Bacon, and topped right off with Provolone Cheese and Marinara Sauce makes "The Crack" one of the most addictive sandwich I have ever ate. Every bite was succulent and flavorful like game-winning homerun celebration in your mouth. One piece of advice, brace yourselves, this sandwich will really put you in a coma... a food coma that is. I would definitely recommend this sandwich to first-timers.  
 Besides their infamous Crack sandwich, I had a great experience with their other sandwiches like the Soprano, Chicago-style roast beef with gravy, Holland Tuna with Cajun Mayo, and many more. Lenny's is one of the best hoagie joints in Philly.Best Sandwiches hands down. I unfortunately don't live nearby now and have to "settle" for Primos which is still a great sandwich, but Lenny's is in a league of its own. No pun intended.   They don't have late hours so be careful before driving to ROX.This place is one of the best hoagies in the city.  The Cajun turkey is fantastic.  I suggest calling before getting there because sometimes it closes a bit early.
In general just go to Lenny'sOh Lenny's, how I miss thee.  I moved away from Philly 4 years ago, but the sandwiches from this place are still burned into my taste memory.  I hope to be back in the neighborhood while visiting my parents sometime!  Love this place.Always fresh, great variety of sandwiches. Only eat half for lunch & the rest for dinner.If you want a big selection of hoagies and good ones... you can't go wrong by coming to Lenny's. the meat, ingredients and rolls are very good... Definetly I would say this place is in the top 10 hoagie places around..New to this side of the Schuylkill but not new to the hoagie.  Anybody can make a hoagie but the combinations they offer are what differentiates them from the pack.
In Philly, we know the roll makes the sandwich and their rolls are excellent but their sandwiches make the sandwich, here.
I recommend, the Godfather III hold the peppers.  Prices are great and their minor league sandwich is enough for two.I love this place, but they switched the rolls recently and they just aren't the same. Before the switch they were 5 stars. Yes, it makes a huge difference : (OMG I just had the BEST hoagie that I have ever had!!!  The Godfather 1,and it was spectacular.  I drove 20 minutes to get to this place, and it was more than worth the trouble. If you love a good sammich and you have a big appetite, this is the place for you.Lenny's has the best hoagies in the city and I highly recommend you check this place out. The rolls are phenomenal and the veggie eggplant hoagie is perfect if you are a vegetarian or are picking up a sandwich for a vegetarian friend. I go there all the time and they know my sandwich when I call. I love that. They do party platters too for events.I don't know what took me so long to try this place out, but I'm glad I finally did! My husband and I had a random weekday off together and couldn't decide what to do for lunch. My original thought was Primos but then I remembered I'd been wanting to try Lenny's out. BEST decision of the week!! Huge and I mean YUGE selection (including loads of vegetarian options)! 
The bread, THE BREAD! It's amazing and filled with just the right amount of whatever it is your heart desires. My husband had The Godfather Part I and I enjoyed the veggie eggplant. YUM, my mouth is watering just writing about it!! And you CANNOT beat the prices! The 2 hoagies set us back less than $15! Primos would have been at least $20! I will be frequenting this place more often!Fabulous sandwiches rate 5 stars. Decor and cleanliness rate 3 stars--takeout is definitely the way to go.  Friend and I shared the "Fidel" which was out of this world.My favorite hoagie shop around and no doubt the best value!  That makes for a 5 star rating.  Amazing sandwiches that will leave you full.  Anyone I have ever sent here has thanked me profusely.This place is amazing. I go here on a regular basis. Hoagies are cheap, taste amazing and come out real quick. They have a lot of variety, so much that not everything they have is on the menu. You kinda of have to look around as they have signs and chalkboard writings for new sandwiches. Their chicken cutlets sandwiches are really good too. I've had a steak before and it was good but not as good as their other sandwiches. They come out in a sesame roll and have good condiments. It's a lot better than Primos. The only downfall is that their menu on the board is a little disorganized and once you order, you always see something you want more that  you missed.ROXBOROUGH FAVORITE!!! Lenny's is a great neighborhood place to pick up some hoagies. They have a wide selection of hoagies to choose from. My favorite has always been the Cajun Turkey. The sandwich has a great Cajun Mayo on it which makes it unique. The rolls they use for their hoagies are hearty, just generally great bread. They are always fast at taking and making your order (which is great when you are in a rush during lunch break). The prices are good. Most hoagies are about $7.50 and they are quite large. Definitely the BEST spot on Ridge Ave in Roxborough for a great sandwich!!!I love Lenny's. I have eaten there a few times now mainly hoagies and they are fantastic. I LOVE the sesame seed roll. It's such a nice touch!the only place I'll eat a hoagie other than Sorrentino's Deli. I just love the hard rolls and the Cajun mayoI've been a loyal customer here for years and will never go anywhere else. The Godfather 1 is the best Italian style hoagie in the city, bar none, and I've been everywhere else. He uses all of the best and freshest ingredients and it shows. Don't listen to the clowns saying the rolls are stale, because they obviously aren't from Philly. In this city, quality hoagies are made with rolls that are on the harder side. And the prices are reasonable to boot, unlike some other places in the neighborhood. If you're in the Roxborough/Manayunk area and want a hoagie, there's no reason to go anywhere else.The hoagies from here are INCREDIBLE! It's an awesome local spot to grab food and we bring people here all the time when they're visiting from out of town so that they get an authentic Philly hoagie experience. The menu is enormous and I have yet to try something I didn't like. Anything with cajun mayo is insanely good, including the "crack tots," which have wowed us every time. Everyone that we have encountered that works there has been friendly and helpful- my only wish is that they were open later so we could stop and pick up dinner sometimes! Thanks for being a great piece of our neighborhood :)I lived in south phila. where hoagies are a religion.  After moving to Roxborough it took me several years to discover Lenny's, it can't be beat.  I try to get a hoagie there every week.  My favorite being " The Crack".  I should also state that before I retired, I was a Health Inspector for 40 years, and from what I can see of the small cooking and prep area it appears to be above average.  Service is friendly, specially from Barbara who's a gem.  My only complaint is that they are closed on mondays which gives me one day less to enjoy their hoagies.LOVE their bread that use on the hoagies! Some people don't like it, its one of things you either Like or ya' don't! Aside from their bread~ the hoagies are delicious! I'm craving one now just thinking about it!I'm Asian so I only know how to think analytically.  Food is either bad, ok, good, or awesome.  This place is greater than awesome.  I'm not a food snob but even with my unrefined palate, the hoagies are obviously amazing.  To be honest, I don't even recognize some of the ingredients on the menu.  But just reading those sultry Italian meats and cheeses on the wall will make you dehydrated from all the mouthwatering.  I just order randomly now.  Before I used to peruse the menu.  But that only wastes time until you get to devour the yumminess.BANGING sandwiches.  For an average price of 7 bucks, a "minor league" is easily a sammy that can be split between two people.  My Soprano was OVERFLOWING with quality meats and cheeses.  The Roast Pork with long hots was thoughtfully packed "to go"  with au jus in its own little cup. The seeded rolls (stuffed as they are) are an exercise for your jaws so the calories burned chewing negate the ones consumed.  Therefore a net-zero calorie lunch.  How can you beat that ??   Infinite variety of hot and cold hoagies / sandwiches, great specials, and courteous and efficient service. A Philly classic just outside the city.Lenny's is a small deli right on Ridge Ave in Roxborough.  As soon as I walked in I knew the hype was real.  The right side wall has a large menu with most of their sandwiches on it along with a chalk board below with more options AND some specials on a small mobile menu board.  The inside of the restaurant is small and narrow but has the warm feeling of a neighborhood deli.  
The Italian Hoagie is the holy grail of sandwiches to me and I don't give 5 stars out very often.  I picked the "Soprano" (genoa salami, capicola, cotigene, prosciutto, mortadella, soppressata, grated locatelli & provolone cheese).  It had everything you would expect in a great hoagie.  They use rolls from Sarcone's, imported meats, imported cheeses & they added the perfect amount of oil and vinegar.  If the quality of this tremendous sandwich wasn't enough the cost was about $7!  
I will be back several times in the very near future because they offer a plethora of other sandwiches which I need to sample.  I agree with what one of the other review's said that Lenny's is better than Primo's.  If you love Italian hoagies you need to get down to this place ASAP.Best sandwich I've had in the area.  Get the cajun cheesesteak. If you like spicy you will love it.  Bread makes all the difference.Completely satisfied.. I went into this place thinking I was craving something specific to "hit the spot." I was smacked in the face with so many amazing options and combos, it was almost too hard to choose - went twice in one weekend because i felt like i had to get my top two (: Guilty as charged... so glad I did - both sandwiches were equally amazing.Best hoagies in Philly friendliest  staff on ridge ave and fastest delivery  great place to bring your family to eat great food and have a new quiet lunchLenny's is the best place for hoagies and other hot sandwiches in Northwest Philly.
It's cash-only (I think credit card has a $15 minimum)  but the food is awesome.
I recommend:
- Soprano
- Godfather 3
- Homeplate special
- CJs cajun turkey
- U Kraze chicken cutlet hoagie
- Bambino
- Hot roast pork with spinach, sharp provolone and long hots
Grab a Frank's soda and some Herr's chips on the side.Would be a super-duper, off-the-chain, 5-star spot if the customer service was a little more welcoming/not so lackadaisical.  Still, didn't stop me from eating there twice in a three-day visit to the area.
BOMB hoagies!  HUGE!  Minor League will do ya, and Major League would be PERFECT for a party or tailgating.  Not the quickest turn around...but you can call ahead and pick up.  Tried Home Plate Special (italian roast beef, pepper jack cheese with cajun mayo), St.Lucky (Sharp Provolone, chicken cutlet, spinach, tomato, & locarelii), Crack Tots (MUST HAVE!!!!!!!!!!!!!), and the Scrap-adelphia.
Damned fine food.  Super reasonable prices for the quality and quantity.  Will order EVERY time I'm back in the area!Fantastic. I'm incredibly picky about hoagies, mostly because my parents ran a deli. So the 5 stars here are well deserved.
Some of the best rolls I've ever had, amazingly fresh and moist lunchmeat, and a cajun mayo that is absolutely insane. Really creative sandwiches, great service, incredibly consistence quality, and without doubt the best pasta salad you can get.THE hoagie in Rox/Manayunk.  Better than Primo Hoagies!
The bread is awesome, I don't even know how to explain it, it's just awesome.  Edit:  I've come to find out that it's Liscio's.  Explains everything!:)
The meats are high quality and are extremely tasty.  
The prices are range from 4.50-6.50.  How much better can it get?!Not really well known but has been around forever and make a first rate hoagie. I lived in Manayunk for years and it was my go to hoagie shop. The large is crazy big and literally can feed four. So go for it!!They have every kind of hoagie you can imagine on their menus (which are throughout the store), and every one I've tried has been absolutely delicious. I no longer go anywhere else for hoagies. The bread is phenomenal and they cut the meat and cheese on the spot. Very fresh ingredients. I also get coleslaw and its really fresh and the best coleslaw I've ever had. Only downside is that they aren't open later!If you're gonna think anything about Lenny's besides fantastic, authentic, inventive and creative hoagies, it should be customer service. The staff is friendly and fast, the owner responsive and fair. They stock Frank's sodas (always a plus) and seasonal Phillies and Flyers gear (always great when I need something new on short notice). 
I am a big fan of the cheap corner-store hoagie, but when I splurge for a "good" one, it's to Lenny's I go. Their chicken salad is delicious, their deli meats are fresh, and their servings are generous (and on sarcone rolls! I love how much they are expanding their deliveries these days!) the operative word for everything here is fresh, and I love being able to see the workplace and see that it is sparklingly clean, and that hygenic food service practices are being followed!
Only downside is location-- on ridge ave. It's better to walk here or park around the corner and then walk back up to ridge, unless you get lucky and can actually grab a spot on ridge (in which case, i suggest you play the lottery immediately after picking up your sandwich).Delicious hoagie.  They have a giant menu but I wanted to test this place out with my standard hoagie and it was great.  I saw lots of variety on the menu and I will be back.  Looking forward to try each of their specialty sandwiches, including anything with eggplant.  Ample parking in the parking lot on DuPont street.I was looking for someplace who still makes a traditional Italian hoagie. This is it. The meats were good, the bread fresh and every thing put together in the right proportions. It wasdelicious. I would recommend Lennie's to veryone.Love this place!  No other sandwich can compete. I've tried veggie sandwiches elsewhere and have just wound up disappointed. So the veggie eggplant is totally recommended. We also love the Cajun turkey.  The god father part 3 with is also amazing. 
Easiest is when you call in.  It will be ready to pick up upon arrival. Keep in mind cash only. There is a bank right down the street.My favorite hoagies in town. The Holland Tuna and Cajun Eggplant are my go-to favorites.This is how you compete in a wawa/subway world...you make good frickin sandwiches!!  They put love in their made to order hoagies.  They have a large selection with extra clever names.   Pleasent service and good food.  What else could you ask for?Got two Soprano hoagies, they were fantastic! Bread was fresh, meat to bread ratio was perfect and toppings were perfectly portioned. Couldn't stop eating this sandwich, it will be my go-to from here on out!The food gods favor Lennie's Hoagies.
The Scrapadelphia, Buffalo Bacon fries and Kutztown Black Cherry soda is my go to meal.  Don't tell my cardiologist.  If you don't like the food @ Lennie's Hoagies, there is something wrong with your taste buds.
Everything from the crispy fries to the scrapple is suberb. Made to order and served with care.  The Cajun Mayo is delicious. The bread is fresh.
I would keep this gem to myself but then I wouldn't be a true Roxborough resident.  You can get your sandwich from one of those chains or come out and eat where the locals eat.Best hoagies in Roxborough! True South Philly style hoagies with fresh ingredients and everything you could possibly want in the menu. Plus this place has charm!Who's this punk owner thinking he's making funny comments to customers. Buddy you're running a business shut up and make me my hoagie! If I wanted a wise guy comedian I'd go to the comedy club. Also he puts stuff on your hoagies without even telling you sometimes, so be specific. Btw the way way I've been going here on and off last 15 years and it's been much much less as of late.While in Roxborough we decided to give Lennie's a try before heading home. First off, wow, there's a LOT to take in. There doesn't appear to be a single menu so take your time and look through it all.
     I was thinking something like an Italian sub and my wife went with a chicken parm sandwich. I added in a side of gravy fries and mozzarella sticks.
     I had the Soprano hoagie; imported ham, Genoa salami, capicolla, provolone cheese, lettuce, tomato, pickle chips, oil, and vinegar on a sesame seed hoagie roll. I did ask for no onion, but they ended up on there. Not a big deal.
     It was a loaded sandwich. Good amount of filling, and the roll was just the right bit of soft and firm.
     The chicken parm was just kind of ok. Looked like two, sliced chicken cutlets, sauce, and shredded mozzarella that wasn't really too melted. The chicken and sauce were tasty, but not sure we'd get it again.
     Mozzarella sticks were good. They're battered, not breaded, which was tasty. Marinara was fine as well. Gravy fries I've got a mixed opinion on, kind of like the chicken parm. Big portion, good fries, lots of gravy. The gravy was just a bit bland. I'll say that better to be able to add salt then having it too salty, though.
     With the extensive menu, definitely want to try more on the menu.I wouldn't  feed my dog your food your customer service is terrible!!! I complained because I had long blonde hair in my food and the response was very rude and offensive "give the nigger her money back" I've never been treated this way boycott this store stay away stay far away !!! Majors hoagies are better y'all lost a loyal customer !I had one of their tuna subs...I forget the exact name. Tuna, provolone, roasted peppers, etc. I did not like the tuna at all.  Very dark, seemed to be the kind that comes in oil...I don't know, it just didn't look or taste good.  Not a fan of the sesame sub roll it came on.  Small, and overpriced.  
Honestly, I just can't find anything as good as what I've used to living back in North Jersey. 
Super disappointing.Wow.. We really used to love this place. We came in today and had the worst customer service. I asked for a wrap wo oil. We noticed that the woman put oil on it. We asked if we could have another bc there was oil on it. We got an extremely rude response. Then the woman at the counter said some not so nice words about me to another customer. When we checked out she was just as rude. I get having a bad day but I just wanted what I ordered!This place is awesome. I highly recommend the cajun turkey sandwich. They don't short chance you on anything. You'll get a pile of meat, cheese, lettuce, mayo, other things I can't even remember....it's all good!Covid Mac and cheese with Chinese chili flakes. What a blatant racist thing to have on a menu.Delicious, fast, great prices and friendly!  We love this shop.  The menu is super local and just plain fun to read.  You have to try this place.  Once you do, you'll never want a hoagie from anywhere else.  Sorry, NOT sorry Wawa!Best hoagie in the city. They are generous with the meats and cheese which are always fresh.
the bread is amazing! great service as well.NEW REVIEW: This place is NOT what it used to be... there must be a new owner or something. We came and ordered our old favorite, the Godfather III, major league size. I found it odd that since 2 years ago, the price had dropped by $2. When I opened up the sandwich and very quickly and brutally found out why. The new Godfather III is a mere shadow of its former glorious self, with 1/4th the amount of prosciutto, the fresh buffalo mozzarella replaced with cheap deli mozzarella, a cheap serving of roasted peppers 1/3rd of what it used to be, and horrible WASPY soft bread one would expect to find on the Main Line or in a chain sandwich shop instead of the delicious South Philly hard rolls they used to use. Never in my life have I seen a food establishment fall from grace so drastically (from 5 star to 1 star) in such a short period of time. RIP to this once great Roxborough culinary institution. Looks like I'm stuck going to Primo's until Lennie's can get their act together, but I sure don't want to waste another $15 to find out either. Lenny's used to run circles around Primo's, but now Primo's runs circles around Lenny's. Even WaWa makes better sandwiches than Lenny's does now, which is saying a lot because WaWa sandwiches are a bargain.
A little advice to the owner: Bring back your old sandwiches. People DO notice changes, especially when they are for the worse. You will run your business into the ground with these short-sighted cost saving measures.
OLD REVIEW:Best sandwiches I have ever consumed in the Continental United States. Need I say more? This is what Primos strives to become. Lenny's gets their bread fresh every morning from an artisan Italian bakery in South Philly (for you unenlightened WASPs  that like your bread to be hamburger-bun soft, this place is not for you, stick to your crimpets). I highly recommend their Godfather 3, which is loaded with qulaity priscuitto, fresh buffalo mozzarella and roasted peppers. They actually load up this sandwhich with so many qulaity ingredients that it leaves you thinking "WOW!" from the moment you open it up down to the last bite. Spring for the major league size, you get a great bang for your buck to boot. Tha Soprano and Cajun turkey sandwhiches are also great. Lenny's has truely prefected the hog island sandwhich.This is my go-to spot for a great hoagie. After a few visits eating the soprano, I tried the crack tots too. I realized that I had been missing out. Other items look really good too, but I just can't get away from the soprano and crack tots.Probably the best chicken cutlet hoagie I've had anywhere. Got the "Lil Kraze" highly recommendGreat deli in the downtown district of Roxborough. The area has a pretty sizable Catholic population, so I figured this would be a good spot to try and find a sans-meat lunch during a Lenten Friday. I opted for a shrimp po boy, but they also have fried clam and whitefish options.
The sandwich was very good - crisp fried shrimp topped with tomato, lettuce, onion, and this amazing spicy Cajun mayo inside a crusty, seeded roll. I would've like to see another two-three shrimp in the Po Boy (who wouldn't?), but I will say that the prices here are super reasonable, so I can't really gripe.
In true deli fashion, Lenny's has a robust menu of meat-filled options, so I will surely be back to sample more!Just ate a Giant Soprano and boy did it crescendo!! : ) Absolute perfection. Bread was so fresh. Can't wait to order again!