I've had better tea sandwiches. They were a little dry. And it's expensive for the quality. Tea was good. Service was okay. My boyfriend and I are asians, we gota lot of eyes from the employees. Don't think I'll come backI loved every bit of 'tea time' here! My sister-in-law and our moms got together and had a day in the city. 
Kelly our server was so personable and fun that she helped us enjoy our afternoon. Start off with a complimentary drink (we all went with a Peach Bellini) and pick out which loose tea tickles your fancy. I went with one that was heavy on berries. 
The tower of sandos and desserts came out and it was just beautiful! Simple sandwiches- egg salad, chicken salad on croissant, smoked salmon, hummus.  The scones were warm and so tasty on their own; add the honey and butter & you've got yourself a perfect bite. The sweets were the lemon meringue, something like a dense brownie, apple pound cake, and the winner- the caramel filled chocolate macaron.   
I'll come back anytime for this and certainly wouldn't mind just coming for a cocktail or two :)I am not going into great detail on this one but this place is a step above the old Sofitel.  It is nice in here.  The bar is relaxing and the stools are great and comfortable.  I had a few appetizers which were ok.  I usually get calmari wherever I go and got it here.... it needs some kick.  The tuna tartare was good but standard.  My only REAL issue are drinks:
There is just something about the $12 threshold for a drink, once you go over that it is obnoxious.  How much "craftmanship" can go into a cocktail.  Seriously, we are going a bit too far with this whole bartending being an art thing.  Your ass is mixing some bitters, measuring some liquer in a jigger and serving me.  Give it a rest and make the drinks $10........everywhereThis place was a disappointment.  
I had lunch here with a friend during Restaurant Week - thankfully I ordered off of the RW menu - salad, mussels (very good), and a fruit plate...my friend ordered the Executive Lunch ($25) off the regular menu and received miniature portions  The squash soup was good, the salad ok, but the scallop, yes 1 single sea scallop was a shocker, as was the petty dessert.Note: this is about afternoon tea for two with Travelzoo's coupon 
Vibes: chic, chill, cool 
Tea: Palais des Thes, server brought a box of nine loose tea samples for us to smell while she described them; we ended up picking Montagne Bleue (mild and fruity) and Toffee (fragrant and strong in flavor); we received a hot water refill about halfway through
Bubbly: choice of bellini, mimosa, or champagne
Food:
-Savory: favorite was chicken salad on a croissant, which was flavorful and had very little mayo; the other "tea sandwiches" were open-faced, and the toast/pita were on the dry side
-Scones: comes with Devonshire cream, lemon curd, and jars of apricot, blueberry, and strawberry jelly and orange marmalade; plain and apple cinnamon were both good, nothing extraordinary 
-Sweet: sugar doughnut holes were two-bite-sized and accompanied with a dish of bittersweet chocolate dipping sauce; frangipane tart was bite-sized with a tart kick; pumpkin roulade was soft with a surprisingly light frosting; macarons came in two flavors and had a good crispiness to softness ratio on the bite
Service: 
-Server was kind, though she didn't really check in when the lounge started filling upI could not believe my eyes, they turned this good hotel bar into a really cool lounge. I cannot rate the food since I only go there for drinks. But If your in the area it's a great spot to drop in for a drink when bar hopping around.It was cold out and I was looking for a chill place to hang out with friends over drinks. Le bar at the Sofitel fit the bill. Feels like you are in someone's living room, albeit a large one with a small fireplace and cozy seating. You could actually have conversations which is hard to do at many places around town. Drinks and snacks were fine. There was a banana fig compote that came with cheese that was yummy.This review is for afternoon tea at Liberte Lounge. Service was just alright, servers seem rushed and did not pay much attention to us. The food and tea was OK quantity-wise, especially for the price ($29 without mimosa/bellini, and $35 including mimosa/bellini), but nothing stood out to me as really good. The experience was underwhelming compared to my previous afternoon tea experiences, so I'll not be returning.My husband loves tea so I made a reservation a week prior to celebrate Father's Day. Upon arrival for our 2:00 reservation we were informed that there wasn't a reservation under my name so she'd have to talk to the manager. We waited for about 10 min (maybe a little less) and were then told that while there was no reservation under my name they  had worked something out and we'd be seated. I explained that I definitely made a reservation but thanked her for helping us. We walked into a completely empty dinning room so I asked if this was where they usually hosted high tea and she said yes. We were the ONLY two people in their huge dinning area our entire stay so I really don't understand why the reservation - or lack there of- was a big deal and why our service was just so so. Save your 70.00 and go elsewhereI haven't had food except dessert since the renovation & am looking forward to returning for dinner. But I must say as winter approaches the nook where the fireplace is is going to be my go to spot! The chairs are comfy, wine list wonderful, great location, & superb service. This place really made me feel special! The manager? Julia even surprised with a beautiful birthday slice of cake complete with candle and all. The attention to detail & elegant service was really a stand out.My husband and I wandered into Liberte Lounge after a night out at a show. We thought we'd grab a quick drink before heading home, but what a nice surprise! Located in the Sofitel, this lounge does not feel like a sad, hotel lounge. It was very comfortable and stylish. We sat at one of the comfy tables for two along the windows. Our server was friendly and attentive.
We started off with cocktails, which were very good and came with the shaker for a more generous serving.  Then we ordered food and were really blown away. The filet was to die for and the belgian fries were perfect. We ended the evening with a nightcap of scotch - they even had my favorite. Overall, a great experience.This was my second time having tea here. The first time was with my sister. The service was slow and waiter was never around. The second time, the waitress was on the ball. Excellent service. The scones appear to be shrinking. The finger sandwiches felt stale and the macarons shrunk also.  Will I return? No. I will venture forth and find a better place to take my tea.I went here with friends during Restaurant Week and while the decor and service were excellent, the food was nothing too special. I don't know if that's usually the case or if it's just the Restaurant Week menu.Used a travelzoo voucher for afternoon tea. The hotel is beautiful and received great service with valet, which is $24.50. Staff were friendly, tea was delicious, Bellini was good and our pastries, sandwiches were good. Unfortunately, we had unwelcome guests....fruit flies! With being in a classy lounge, it was unacceptable. It was not fun swatting those little buggers. I'm glad we had the voucher. I wouldn't pay a dime more.We are staying at the Sofitel hotel so I decided to have lunch here. The food was delicious but sadly the service was not. The waiter ignored me  from start to finish even though the place was empty. I'm was just glad that my husband wasn't with me because he would have let the hotel know about it. Personally, with not coming ever again is enough.A beautiful lounge with great food and drinks. They have a Dj on the weekends. Drinks are on the stronger side which is worth its value.I had a deal through Ruelala for a wine & cheese/charcuterie pairing at Liberte Lounge. I took advantage of this Thursday night.  Liberte is swanky/cozy with prompt and friendly service.  The waiter warned us that the wine/cheese/charcuterie took about 15-20 minutess to put together, so in the meantime we ordered a round of drinks.  I went with the Liberte cocktail...them shits go down smooooth! Absolutely delicious and I started getting tipsy off one, so they don't skimp on alcohol.  It's pear infused vodka with St. Germain, sparkling wine and lemon with a slice of pear. They're $12 each but worth it.  
The bar is a little pricey in general (ex: Victory Prima Pils for $7 - I can get the same in Northern Liberties or Fishtown for $5), but this is to be expected at a swanky hotel lounge in Rittenhouse. I'd return for happy hour, or if I were in center city and in the mood for an upscale comfy bar.Just terrible. Service wanted to be good but wasn't. Drinks empty for way too long. Fish had to be returned for being dry/overcooked. With all the food Philly options, I would not recommend eating there. Cocktail - sure.I've been here twice now and I've had a pleasant experience each time.
First time, met up with a friend who owns a store across the street.  We sat at the bar and I had a beer, she had a mimosa.  Good attentive service and nice snacks such as wasabi peas and mixed nuts.
Second time, stopped in with my girlfriend for a nice fancy drink.  I had the Sazerac which had a fair amount of bourbon in it and was also very tasty.  She had the Autumn's Fashioned which I was not a fan of but she certainly was.
Great place for a quick drink and some tasty snacks.I hate tea. So what the heck was I doing at an afternoon tea? 
Well first, I learned that tea is just a minor component of afternoon tea. I only learned this because I was able to order off an ala carte menu as my friends enjoyed their tea. 
However, I did enjoy a non-tea lunch. The clementine salad with bourbon goat cheese, kale and walnuts was very fresh and pretty filling. The Liberte Lounge, as you could guess by its name, is a lounge, so obtaining a glass of bubbly to imbibe with my salad was pretty easy.
Now as the rest of my party was enjoying their tea, I was able to enjoy a leisurely lunch and the good service of Esther. The lounge had a classy, but relaxed feel. There was a pillow on the back of my chair that helped the lounging. 
I'd consider going back...and not just for the salad.The service was extreme subpar. We were given a 10:30 reservation, then upon arriving were informed that the dinner menu was unavailable after 10. Despite the inconvenience caused, the staff was unable to accommodate us and very rude.I will definitely update this review when I have had a chance to eat at Liberte but as for drinks, so far so good.  
I went there specifically for the Liberte Cocktail - Absolut Pear Vodka, St. Germain, Champagne and Lemon (along with a dried pear slice).  I checked out the menu when I got there but I knew this drink was for me.  The bartender was attentive and quick and also suggested a great belgian beer for my friend.  
While I was only there for one drink to kill time before a reservation, Liberte definitely impressed me enough to want to return.  The cocktail menu boasts both classic and new twists on drinks and the beer selection was good for a hotel bar.  The food menu looks nice and I will hopefully get to sample something on my next visit.I wish I could give this place more stars but I just can't do it. We just got back from a Restaurant Week meal and I was pretty disappointed overall. 
The cocktails we had, I admit, were good. I had the Liberte' with St. Germain and pear vodka, my fiance had the sage Collins. But $12? It should have been twice the size it was or come with a side of diamonds or something. 
On the RW website it definitely said that Liberte was offering four courses, and that's one of the things that drew us in. However, we arrived to find three courses on the menu. 
And THEN, my portions were abysmally small! I wouldn't really be grumpy about this, but my fiance's dishes were a lot more generous, both easily more than twice the size of mine. 
As for the quality, aspects of my dishes were good but nothing was really standout. For example, the cheese included with the beet salad was delicious, and the potato puff thingy was tasty, but honestly, I had to put salt on my entree! I don't think I have ever, ever had to do that on a restaurant. Additionally I think they forgot my sauce on the entree because it was dry as hell. 
At least the cheese course they sent out was amazing, and so were the desserts, but seriously, it was disappointing. When spending that much for a meal, I'd at least not like to feel disappointed. But I can't NOT feel disappointed. 
Service was good but not great. Our waitress was nice, but I am pretty sure they nearly forgot my fiance's coffee at the end of the meal.Good drinks. The Safari drink is delicious.....tastes like like pineapple juice! Great ambiance. Loses a star for slow and terrible service.I had come here a few years ago for happy hour.  This time I came for Restaurant Week lunch.  The service was great.  Much better than when I went to XIX for restaurant week lunch earlier in the week. They had a table reserved in the dining area, but I wanted to sit at a high top table by the bar.  However, that section had cold air coming out of the vents, so then we moved a few table down.  We asked for the WiFi passcode, however the passcode was incorrect.  We did not ask again, but it was nice that they gave it to us.
My friend ordered the Chestnut Bisque, Seared Salmon, and Creme Brulee.  I ordered the Winter Green Salad, Braised Shortrib, and Chocolate Pot de Creme.  My friend said that he was really hungry, however none of the dishes he selected were that great.  The bisque was warm and buttery, nothing amazing.  The salmon seemed poached with an interesting sauce, instead of seared.  There was no crispiness that you would get from searing.  The creme brulee was subpar.  I really liked the fruits in my salad.  The grapefruits (only 2 pieces) were super juicy.  There was another type of fruit in my salad that I could not recognize, maybe some type of pear.  The peppered cheese was really good too.  My short rib was super tender, it melted in my mouth, and it was juicy.  I liked the natural flavor of the meat.  My pot of chocolate was like rich chocolate pudding.  We were too full to finish our desserts, so we packed them.  I do not think that I would return here again, but it was worth the try.  The cocktails were just alright too.Great food, great service, great setting. A bit pricey, but well worth it. They take reservations. Stopped in with a friend after going to a comedy show nearby for late night dessert/drinks. It was nice to have somewhere to just chill out  and escape from the usual Saturday night crowds elsewhere. I think we'd have had a wait if it wasn't for our reservations, though.This place is strange. If you are looking for good food, you may want to go elsewhere. How can a restaurant serve WONDERBREAD and call itself French- inspired? Just horrible. European bread has a crust and some nutritional value, not a tasteless spongelike consistency. We had to wait 20 minutes for said CARDBOARD bread. So bizarre. Is this a diner? Wait, even in diners you don't wait this long for bread(after receiving your appetizers!). If we hadn't asked for it, we wouldn't even have it on the table. I mean... seriously? 
The rest of the meal was meh. A $13 underdressed salad with a dab of dressing and no protein left a lot to be desired. The atmosphere is beautiful and location-a gold mine, but food is not their priority. Not recommended.I agree spot-on with Geoffrey S.  
The Liberte is a sexy, upscale lounge with a French twist.
The happy hour special ($7 for a cocktail - mine was a Tom Collinsmade with Bombay Sapphire - delish) made it better as the drinks are $12 - $14 normally.
Food is just OK - the burger my friend had was a better choice than this odd "bacon and cheese" pastry-pizza tartine like thing.  Way too heavy.  Kinda gross, actually.
Complimentary wasabi peas, salty almonds and wonderful pitted green olives (salt, salt and more salt equals DRINK MORE.)
A fun place to take a date - lots of sexy couples at the bar and some not-so-sexy oldsters like me (LOL).
Skip the tartine.
Grab a drink here from 5 - 7 PM and then get dinner elsewhere.I visited Liberte for Sunday brunch with three other people. Let's start with the positive part, shall we? The restaurant itself is nice, not super noisy for being right off the hotel lobby, and offers outdoor seating. They also take reservations which is convenient. (Or should be...more to come on that.) 
Now on to the negatives and reasons why none of us plan on returning. First off, our reservation did not exist. We absolutely, 100% called to make them and they were nowhere to be found. Thankfully there was a table available. 
Once we were seated, we found the menu to be...lacking. For breakfast food, you have about 15 choices...of various choices of poached eggs. That's it! (Not noted on the menu: you can sub for scrambled eggs.) There are also a few lunch options such as a burger or salad. All options are $16 and should you want a drink, you can have a DIY Bloody Mary, mimosa, or Bellini- all $14, which is a little much for a mimosa or Bellini in my opinion.
Once our server (finally) came back to take our order, we figured it was smooth sailing from there on. Nope! Our food came out and 3/4 orders were wrong. Getting the correct order took another 20 minutes and we asked the server for a complimentary round of drinks while we waited. She checked with the manager and we were delivered another round. 
The food finally came out; while it was definitely not hot, it wasn't terrible and tasted okay. By that point we were starving and would have eaten anything though.
TL;DR- In a city full of brunch options, this place expensive and not worth it. We will not be back.Service was okay, seemed annoyed and bothered by us. Its a hotel restaurant.
There weren't many people in the restaurant. They had a limited menu that didn't match the menu online. 
The food was very good though. The seared halibut was excellent, as was the ceviche! 
It had a good fancy vibe. It was slightly overpriced but probably because it's a hotelVisited Liberte on a whim on Thursday night after an especially frustrating day.  We had to change our reservation twice which didn't seem to be problematic at all.  The maitre d was awesome - friendly, laughing...  We had our choice of table, tall bar area table, or lounge and we went for the bar area.
The place was quite stylish without being stuffy or pretentious.  The high tables at the bar were great for people watching though we did get a bit of a draft at our angle.  No biggie.
Our server came over and explained that two out of the three main courses were unavailable.  On the first Thursday of restaurant week, that's pretty bad.  Short Rib Beef Bourginougne was replaced with steak fingers and french fries.  Liberté Atlantic Salmon was replaced with some sea bass something or other.  Thankfully the vegetarian option was still available for me but i know my friend was really disappointed.  We slave over restaurant week menus to pick great places and he was looking forward to the Beef Bourginougne.
We had bread to tide us over til our appetizers arrived.  I got the beet salad, he got the pork belly.  The beet salad was pretty good.  Small, simple, artfully presented.  He said that the pork belly was just okay, that it was overcooked.
The disappointment came with the steak.  It really was just a small piece of steak with a side of lame french fries.  I felt pretty bad for him.  I got the Yukon Gold Boulanger with mushrooms which was somewhat small but very tasty.  It was supposed to come with Potato terrine, globe artichoke, mushroom ragoût, and chardonnay dressing.  I didn't find any artichokes or chardonnay dressing.  It was more like lentils and mushrooms.  Still very good, though.
There was a small cheese spread of a cheddar and brie-like cheese that was pretty good though we were somewhat full by this point because we filled up on the bread before the meal.
Desssert was rounded out with a Chocolate Dome and a Brie Cheesecake.  The cheesecake was boring as hell.  It didn't have much flavor and looked like it had been around a while.  The chocolate dome was better - it had a (too) small caramel center which was delicious.
All in all, the meal was bleh.  My main course was easily the best part but otherwise the food was disappointing.  Oh well, there are more options out there for restaurant week.We went to Liberté with a small group for food and drinks on the night it opened - we all enjoyed the food but it was the drinks that really stood out.   They put a great new twist on a Manhattan.  Two people in our group had The Liberté, the house cocktail, I guess, I didn't try it but they loved it.  
For the food, we got a bunch of small plates to share, most were good, the favorite at the table was the coq au vin drumsticks.   
I've been to this place before they renovated, when it was La Bourse, and I think they did a great job with the renovation.  It was Sat night, the lighting was good, and there was a DJ playing lounge music, all pretty cool.  
We didnt have any of the service problems that the previous reviewer described - our waiter was attentive and friendly.  
Will definitely go again next time I'm in Philly.Worse Worse Worse place ever!!!! Went here for restaurant week and the portions were ultra mini. Plus, it took litereally about 30 minutes just for the soup to come out. The couple next to us came before us and waited even longer for theirs. Food was so dry and I hated the fact I had to pay so much for such horrible food and service. Never coming here again!!!!Every time I go to the Sofitel I'm impressed by the atmosphere but royally disappointed by the service. My bill was wrong, my meal took 45 minutes (for a simple chicken breast), and the server made no effort to rectify the situation.
Every. Single. Time. This place disappoints. I guess I've learned my lesson.To be honest their customer service was terrible. I called  and reserved  a spot for my birthday for Afternoon tea three weeks prior to my birthday. I called three times prior to make sure it was set and according to them it was. The day of my friends and I go, only to find out that they were double booked and had a wedding and my reservation was cancelled with no call whatsoever.  Their lack of communication has turned me off to ever going there in the future!I had a great night I order a kid royale and it was good and great serviceMy favorite bar in Philly....friendly staff....great atmosphere...and it's in middle of Rittenhouse...what else could you ask for??Went for restaurant week and was disappointed by service. It took a while to get our waters refilled ($7/bottle) and was then confronted by 3 staff members who insisted that there was no such thing as discounted parking garage vouchers for restaurant week. I contacted the restaurant week coordinators which then directed my message to the manager of Liberte. He was apologetic and offered a complimentary meal and valet service for myself and my guests. 
Came back on 10/7 and it was a complete 360. We had the most wonderful waitress, JoAnn, who was sweet and took time to explain everything to us. She refilled our water (tap, not bottled this time) often and made us feel comfortable and relaxed. The food was delicious, and portions were way bigger than the RW portions. We had a great time and would return again. 
In the end, it's better to save your money and go to Liberte Lounge during any other time than RW, because there's more food and the price in the end was similar.I like this place. I really like it.
I am a sucker for swanky hotels..Generally, hotels in good cities provide a good crowd seeing that most people are vacationing or passing through on some sort of a break from reality, so they make for open conversation. And...I cannot tell a lie, I have passed the Sofitel a couple hundred times and wondered what the appeal is..it appears to be fairly basic and not a place I would recommend guests of Philadelphia to stay. It seems basic and far less interesting than many of those with more curb appeal, but when I came into Liberte for a drink, I was pleasantly surprised..a great little bar for a good cocktail. The staff is friendly..you get the hotel customer service treatment, which I never pass up. Great Happy Hour Monday thru Friday deal..$6 wine and cocktails, $5 local draughts beer. I am happy.I have done this sparkling tea through Travelzoo twice and I felt that my experience last year compared to this year was better. The food was better the presentation was better the overall vibe was better as well. They do have the waiters greet u in French which was a joy but the sandwiches were lackluster. Anytime I visit Philly I like to do this tea but I don't know after this experienceThe Sofitel is a GREAT hotel, and the lounge had decent ambiance.  My caeser salad was awesome, but the Duck Spaghetti was not great.  I'm not even sure it was duck.  The bartender (i sat at the bar) was great about it and took it off the check.  I'd go back again, but probably just for apps and drinks...I went to this dump last week and sat at the bar.  The bartenders were great and I just had 2 cocktails and then left without eating.  This review is more of my observations of my surroundings.
It was a busy happy hour and although the staff were all great at doing their jobs, there was barely any of them!!  I don't know if someone called out or what happened, but I saw only 1 person on the floor servicing tables.  I overheard a few tables behind me chattering on about their frustrations about lengthy wait times.  There was also a very large group of unruly British people next to me that seemed like a nuisance and overall out of place in an establishment that seems to want to act like it is upscale.  
The prices were beyond unreasonable and I go out a lot in Philadelphia, most of the time in rittenhouse square.  
Lastly, and this is what stuck with me the most.  Sitting next to me was a woman by herself having something to eat at the bar, she seemed like a business traveler or something along those lines.  Seemed very polite.  Something came out wrong with her food and she asked the bartender about it, who then brought over a manager I assume, a dark haired french man in a suit.  He was very condescending in his tone to her even though I didn't hear all of the words, as I was trying not to eavesdrop.  He introduced himself as "Maxy" I think.
Much better options within a block in any direction.went yesterday for the "fete de la musique" which encompassed some live music, free hors d'oeuvres, and free "sangria shots." The food was pretty terrible, even though it was free we didn't go back for a second round. It tasted like poorly prepared frozen appetizers. The sangria tasted like orange juice (with the pulp) and seltzer water. I give Liberte two stars, one for the effort of being more than a hotel bar (it was packed on a Tuesday night, although this may have been due to the free goods) and the second because the service did seem like they were really trying. A bit of a miss overall. Also, for those of you planning on spending some money there the cocktails and wine floated between $9-12. I'd suggest walking down the street to Tria.Staff is somewhat accommodating, however the bar manager is absolutely present, but obviously either intoxicated, ignorant, or both being highly inappropriate. He has ignored multiple guests (including myself) and enjoys the occasional butt tap to his female associates. 
I live in Chicago and for philly.. wow.I've been here a few times for a drink, a comfy chair, and people watching (which is the most fun in a hotel bar!)
It's a great lounge, but perhaps it takes itself a little too seriously. I went the other night with a girlfriend and we ordered some wine and the mezze platter. Now obviously I am not expecting the worlds largest situation, but we waited for 40 minutes for the platter and it was literally THREE pita triangles and a bowl of hummus that warranted at least eight. The description was also a little off, as it included pickled artichokes and nicoise olives, but when it showed up, there was one of each on a toothpick. We asked the waitress for more pita, and she happily obliged which was nice. But for eleven dollars, I'll cross the street and have a beer and a burger at square1682. 
My friend had the springtime white wine flight, which she adored, and  I had a glass (okay, I had two glasses) of their Argentinian cabernet which was delicious.
It's a cute spot.We ate here on Thanksgiving, perhaps not their best night.   An onion soup was excessively salty, while the beet salad was good but not very flavorful.  My wife had a green salad a a slice from my turkey dinner, while I had the rest, and this was where things sagged.   The turkey was moist and cut thick, but lacked flavor: the chef needs a better source of poultry!  The stuffing, though, was good.  Cafe gourmand was not thrilling for desert: the profiteroles were soggy,  and the financier was very cold, so the chocolate flavors seemed muted.  I started with a glass of Malbec, but it was not impressive.  The Barbera red was far better.A return visit with a group for Happy Hour was wonderful.  Food and Drinks were superior, the service was amazing.  There isn't anything on the menu that isn't good.  The atmosphere is relaxed sophistication with an incredibly trained staff that pampers their guests.  We all enjoyed our evening and are anxious to return.We went to the Liberte Lounge High Tea with pretty low expectations based on some other reviews. That being said, we were extremely happy with our experience today especially considering we were using a voucher. We were seated in the little cafe called Chez Colette. It was quaint and comfortable. We were immediately brought a glass of champagne or mimosa by the manager who greeted us warmly and checked on us later as well. Our server was fantastic and offered great info about the tea selections.  The teas were all unique and delicious. Each guest received their own pot of tea.  The tiered plates of sandwiches and pastries were very good- pretzel bread with ham and pear slaw, egg salad, scones, and various desserts. Overall, a very lovely afternoon and we will be back! Side note- parking is a nightmare in this area of the city. The valet at Sofitel was overflowing. The is a garage right past the hotel on Samson. :)Came here last night to see what it was like on a Friday at 8 pm.  The place was half full, so a bit quiet and I could relax a bit.  I ordered a French Martini at my server, Hassan's, suggestion and liked it, although it was a hare sweet for me.  I ordered the Degustation in order to sample some dishes and it was more than enough food.  I was never offered any bread at my table as I thought it was odd, given that other patrons were offered bread at their table.  I also had my water glass filled once and had to ask for a refill.  In terms of the food, it was a little strange to have two courses on the same plate but it was separated and presented nicely.  All the dishes tasted okay and were full of flavor.  I didn't care for the beet salad in part because the spiced nuts were too hard.  My favorite was probably the pan seared scallops because they were cooked rather well.  I loved carrots and caramelized onion pave that the braised short ribs was presented on; however, I found the sauce for the braised short ribs a little dull.Afternoon tea Travelzoo voucher? Stay away!
My husband and I were here about 2 or 3 years ago; used a Travelzoo voucher. We were sat in the lounge area (to the left), which was a nice quiet relaxing lounge room with some tables occupied here and there. Our waitress had a dry attitude, as I recall, but it didn't matter because we loved everything and enjoyed our time. The sandwiches and the desserts were delicious and fresh. We had a lovely experience that we wanted to definitely come back, which we did this year and were very disappointed. 
This time, yesterday, we came back (also using a voucher) and had a bad experience. First: we were sat in the dining area to the right, not the lounge. It was FULL of people, seemed like all of which were using the Travelzoo voucher. The tables were close to one another, the room was absolutely loud, and not relaxing at all. We had to rush through the whole thing so we can leave that place fast. I would've preferred going to a regular coffee shop if we knew that's how it would be. Additionally, the only fresh thing was the scones; everything else tasted like it was made yesterday or has been exposed for a while.. dry, almost stale, sandwiches. We gave about a %35 tip because we felt bad for the waiter who was nice and had to serve most of the tables and probably wasn't getting good tips.We bought the travel zoo deal (4 people for $75) and had a great time doing afternoon tea here! We got to choose from champagne, Bellini or mimosa and they brought out a nice tea selection for us to pick out. When they brought the scones, tea sandwiches and desserts, they brought one for everyone to try. Overall, we had a great time and I'll be back again!I really like the new Liberte! I had been to La Bourse a number of times when my mother would come into town and stay at the Sofitel. I had eaten there on a couple of occasions and was less than impressed with the food and the atmosphere was fine but really felt like just another hotel bar. It was always popular, nonetheless as it's incredibly well located. The new design of Liberte is really beautiful. I especially love those lamps on the bar (very Mad Men) and the library area with the fireplace. 
I went with a couple of friends on the night the bar and food service re-opened and was so pleased with the experience. Typically on the first night of business, there are a ton of kinks to be worked out but in this case, everything flowed smoothly and was really great. The drinks were awesome - I love the Liberte which is a pear drink. (and really love the martini glass it comes in!). The food was also really delicious. We ordered a number of small plates to share and I think of maybe 8-10 plates there were only 1 or 2 that we didn't really love. 
I think the person who had a bad experience above and wanted a quiet hotel bar atmosphere came on the wrong night - the bar opened in the middle of the MLB championships and the first week of business was during the World Series. I personally don't know of a single bar in town with a TV that wasn't rowdy and crowded. 
Go check out Liberte -it's a classy new joint to have drinks and grab small bites or dinner with friends!We arranged a Happy Hour for our organization and everything was terrific.  This venue was chosen for its sophisticated ambiance, elegant environment, a variety of comfortable seating options, and the ability to have conversations without distracting noise.  There were over 20 attendees and our service was a bit slow because of the size of our group.  Most of the food was good, some exceptions were just a matter of preference.  Our drink orders all went well.   The staff worked very hard at serving us in a timely manner and we appreciated everything that they did to accommodate our needs.  We were here for our first outing in March and are returning in August because it was requested so much by the group members.  Expecting it to be another successful event.It was my first time, and I think my last time. Not realy bad, but it's not very good!We had brunch here yesterday and enjoyed it.  We had a table by the window which made it great.  The manager stopped by and introduced himself and assisted with refilling drinking and making sure everything was running smoothly.   Always nice to see.   THe entrees  were good as well as the bloody Mary's.  Only negative was the bartender ignored us as we waited to be greeted and seated.   He was great at avoiding eye contact.  We finally had to approach him and find out about getting seated.I firmly believe the reviews here don't do it justice! I went a bit ago during restaurant week, and I was impressed! The portions were extremely filling and prices were fair. The atmosphere of the restaurant is romantic and there's a cute view of the street. Service was alright. But I would recommend this place!I came here for afternoon tea. Although the tea selections and snacks were delightful, the service was absolutely awful. It was nearly impossible to get a server's attention; they had zero sense of peripheral vision. I was on the verge of simply getting up from my seat just to tap on a server's shoulder for some simple service! Even other patrons had to shout in an elegant setting in order to flag a server down for the check. 
All I needed was hot water for my teapot. A very simple request that took approximately 50 minutes for. It wasn't even a busy day -- I came on a Monday afternoon! 
The WORST part of the entire service was when I was able to get the waiter's attention but he simply gestured "ok" but proceeded to walk away and did not even approach my table for another half an hour. 
The hotel and restaurant itself is very beautiful and pleasant to be in. The food and tea was nice. But that is no exception to the horrible service I received today.I am always looking for a great place for a afternoon tea with friends.
I tried this the first time and I can say I would recommend it to my friends, table was easy to book through Opentable, the service was extremely nice and the staff was friendly, even offered to take pictures for us!
The place is quiet and classy, good to enjoy your afternoon with friends.
I am an afternoon tea guru and I don't usually see tea houses serve with champagne (or mimosa)on the side(I guess that's too much liquid?), but that's optional so you can get it with or with out.
One thing I have to say is the order of the food was a bit wrong, usually tea and savory sandwiches are on the bottom layer as the first course,scones with jam and cream on the middle as second and sweets are on top.(sorry about my inner Brit, not too big of a deal really.)
The scone was small but absolutely amazing! I dare to say it's the best scone I had in the city so far!It was still warm when it was served, with the buttery taste and crunchy outside but soft inside texture!I can eat that all day!
The sandwiches were good as well with whole grain bread(a healthier option). There were 3 assorted favors : smoke salmon, egg salad and goat cheese with raspberry jam.
Lastly there were mini cakes! The chocolate toffee was so flavorful I hope they do sell it alone! ( I think there's a rotation for sandwiches and dessert so don't expect to get the same items apart from the scones)My group of six  used a Groupon for afternoon tea service and had a fabulous time.  We enjoyed:
- a bellini or mimosa
- choice of organic loose tea
- assorted tea sandwiches 
- scones
- pastries
At first I thought it odd to have a mimosa with tea, but it turns out to be the perfect way to get conversation going before tea service!  Don't expect to leave full, it's just a few finger foods, but this was as expected and I had a lot of fun.
Regular price is $35We had a nice afternoon tea here on a Saturday. We received a warm welcome upon our arrival and were seated immediately. We loved the cool decor and the service was great. The server gave a good description of the offerings and poured our first cups of steaming hot tea. The teas we chose were really good, especially the mint rooibos. The pots kept them warm all through our visit. Our favorites from the selection of tea sandwiches and sweets were the regular scones with the lemon? dipping sauce, the chicken salad on croissant and the macarons. (Some of the sandwiches that were open faced would have been better off not being so, but less carbs I guess?) The donuts, and the pumpernickel under the deviled eggs tasted stale. The chocolate that was served to accompany the donuts was a little too bitter for our taste. The drinks were perfect, especially the Bellini. We would definitely return.Afternoon tea purchased with a travel zoo voucher. I called three times in a attempt to confirmation reservation. Whomever answered the phone knew next to nothing about afternoon tea and put me through to the restaurant line to make a reservation.  I left a message requesting my reservation times etc. No return call. I called again in a couple of days spoke to whomever answered the phone, they took my information and said they would get it to the restaurant. I told him that I had left a message and had not gotten a callback. He said not to worry. I called today to say we might be 15 minutes late, and phone answerer said no problem. When we arrived at the restaurant they had no reservation for us! If you can't connect your incoming calls to the restaurant, at least try to pay attention to the messages left!
Server explained we would have have to wait about forty minutes for tea. She was able to seat us and did serve us our Bellini's while we waited for tea. Our server was gracious and tea was very nice once they got in gear. Tea sandwiches scones etc, but no lemon curd.
A beautiful hotel like the Sofitel should have a more top notch customer focused restaurant vs sloppy treatment of reservations and should make sure anyone answering the phones knows full offerings!
Tea was nice but nowhere approached tea at the Windsor Court Hotel in New Orleans, which is my standard for a "great tea".I went for restaurant week September 2018 and had this apple salad this is unparalleled.... the service was good (aside from the waiter disappearing after our meal for like 25-30 minutes before we could get our check. ) My partner and I just checked it out for  Restaurant week this past month and the food this time around was lackluster. The bread we received was hard and stale, but the service so-so. Overall I think I'll be removing this as an opTion to visit for myself during restaurant week... it seems their tea parties are very popular though, as tons of groups were doing them while we were  having out lunch.Came here during restaurant week. Course 1 plating was subpar, and duck meat quality was as well. Course 2 scallops were way too salty. Course 3 Dessert was good though. And we waited too long for food. But waiters were nice. Overall would not recommend.I came here for restaurant week with friends and we did the 4 course menu for $35 dollars. My favorite was the lump of crab, which was full of crab meat and no fillers. I had soup of the day, which was seafood soup and it was ok. I left happy because I had a good time with my friends. 
Overall the portions are small but I expected it to be. The food is a bit on the salty side, so watch your salt intake. The atmosphere is fancy and romantic with the dim lights and seating. Service was good as expected for such a restaurant. It is another nice restaurant to go once just to see how it is.A couple weeks back, on a snowy day, I was celebrating my birthday. I wanted a fun, relaxed and special day with some good friends. Mariella S. suggested an afternoon tea party in  fancy chic spot, and I couldn't say no. 
We started with bubbly flute, did I mention this was a part of my birthday celebration?! Followed with our choice of tea and delicious assortment of small finger sandwiches, scones, and a few other desserts. I opted for the toffee tea which was interesting and Mariella had a black tea with vanilla and orange peel. 
N.B: Look for that special deal on Travelzoo.
Liberté will be back
Four Yelps.When life offers you a Travelzoo coupon for afternoon tea, buy it and take a friend. I visited the Sofitel and its Liberté Lounge on a cold, windy weekday. My friend and I were one of only a few patrons at the time. We were seated immediately, and our server asked us for a preference of cocktail: mimosa, peach bellini, and champagne. My friend and I both tried the peach bellini, which was excellent; a little tart and a perfect afternoon pick-me-up. We were then offered a tea menu, from which we chose a wild cherry rooibos and a black and green mixed tea. I preferred the black and green, which had an orange kick. The rooibos tasted a little too much like cherry cough syrup for my liking. 
Next came the eats, which included scones, strawberry buttercream filled cakes, macarons, chocolate cake pops, blueberry pie tarts, and a smattering of sandwiches such as curry chicken, brie and bacon, prociutto and tomato, and pesto salmon and cauliflower. My favorites were the scones, which were served with lemon curd and a whipped cream, and the brie and bacon croissant. 
Overall, it was a steal! Great food and service. I definitely recommend checking out the afternoon tea menu!Came here for an early Mother's Day with my mama and 2 sister. We bought a deal from Travel Zoo which included tea and light bites. We had called ahead to see if they had valet parking because parking downtown is usually very expensive- they in fact do have valet parking for 24 dollars which me and my sisters split the cost of. 
It wasn't too bad considering we wouldn't have to walk from a garage to get to the tea party we were about to have. Our reservation was for 330 and we were cutting close to time since traffic was insane even after leaving an hour earlier from Somerton to head downtown. So the tea party was inside the restaurant in the Sofitel hotel and this had to be one of the nicest hotels I've seen! The restaurant was also really nice and had a French/Paris theme which was pretty cool since I've been to Paris a few months ago. 
The staff were welcoming and friendly and were fast with our drinks. We had a choice of mimosas or blendinis with the coupon we had, we also had a choice of speciality tea- which was shown in a tin box. There were so many different flavors of tea and they all smelled so good- I opted for an Earl Gray tea since that is one of my favorite teas, besides black tea. After we got our tea- which was so cute and served in individual tea pots, the waitress brought out a tall layered plate of light bites which included pretzel bread with ham and Swiss cheese, egg salad and peanut butter and jelly which was homemade from scratch! It also had muffins, scones and biscuits on the very first layer and the bottom layer had desserts. Omg everything tasted so good. And surprisingly was filling. The drinks were also tasty and I ended up getting the peach blendini which was peach schnapps, with a peach purée and champagne. The drink packed a punch and I was flustered and tipsy in no time! I enjoyed this adult tea party with my sisters and mom and my mom was so happy we had taken her to celebrate her! I would be coming back and I might bring my daughter back and make it a mommy/daughter tea party instead!!Came here for a $20 restaurant week lunch.  This place has a fancy "ladies who lunch" vibe, and is actually a restaurant inside a hotel.  The three course meal was what I expected for fancy French food--the portions were small, and the food was all delicious.  I got a pear salad appetizer, a duck pasta, and a chiffon cake for dessert.
Apparently the waiter forgot about our dessert, so to make up for it they gave us a whole basket of handmade French pastries to take home.  I hadn't even noticed they forgot about our dessert, since it was only about an extra 15/20 minutes, so this was really nice of them!
Overall--if you like French food and feelin fancy, this place will satisfy you.  Personally, my cheap self would only come here during restaurant week, but I'm glad I got to try their delicious food.My sister and I purchased a coupon for afternoon tea from Travelzoo for $35.  Although we were seated right away, we waited a while for our tea. When our tea finally arrived, my sister's was lukewarm.
We also waited a long time for the food. I looked around and all the tables being serviced by the same waiter were foodless for some time. Other tables that had arrived after us and were being waited on by a different server all had food. We did not understand the delay, especially when every table was getting the same small spread. 
The warm scones, small desserts, and chicken salad sandwich were tasty. The other finger sandwiches were just so-so.   
Overall, the coupon was a good price, but we will likely not be returning due to the slow service. I do not recommend paying the full price for the tea service.The nicest, warmest service! Great wines and delicious food! We had a birthday cream tea for mother's 83rd birthday. They treated her like a queen and prepared a special dish for her that wasn't even on the menu! It was all delicious. Oh and the tea options were all delicious, I liked the caramel one best!
Also have been in for happy hour and brunch. The place does not disappoint!
One more thing, the French Onion soup was the best I've had in Philadelphia!Scallops must've had a gram of salt on each one to cover the burnt low quality tasteless meat. Braised rib was dry and tasted like gravy only. The venison was okay and the bisque was great but small. The scallops were garbage and the rib was bad. Feel like I could've out cooked this place. Place was empty and for good reason, bathrooms were on another floor. Upset with what I got even if I had paid a reasonable price. Would not come back or recommend.Got the TravelZoo deal for afternoon tea and decided to bring a friend along to try. We got a reservation via OpenTable and didn't have to wait long to get a table. Once we sat down, the waiter kindly explained the process from selecting the tea. Service was pretty quick, which we appreciated. 
We got the champagne and mimosa respectively and these were nice additions to the tea we got. We both favored the blueberry flavored black tea. The waiter then brought a three level set with sandwiches, scones, and other sweet pastries. The sandwiches were solid though the bread was a bit dry. The scones were warm and flaky, but were missing flavor unless you put some of the accompanying custard on it. The pastries were also decent with the macaroons as the stars of the show. 
Overall, the Liberte has a pleasant ambience that allowed for nice conversation and a relaxing break in the afternoon from work. Even with the TravelZoo deal, it's a bit expensive in my opinion.Came for RW. The ambiance and decor were beautiful. The walls were filled with vibrant paintings. The staff was friendly, helpful, and accommodating.
For the 1st course I ordered tomato soup. Prior to ordering the soup, I asked the waitress if the soup was served hot or cold. The waitress assured me the soup was served hot, yet it came out Luke warm. The soup was replaced with an avocado salad. The salad was very tasty. The entree I had was a crab croquette. The crab meat was fresh & the croquette was light and filling. The meal ended with a salted caramel chocolate mousse. While the mousse was light & rich, the berries served atop it were bland.
While the experience was ok, this is not a place I can see myself frequent.Excellent excellent place! I cannot sing praises of this place loud enough! The service as you would expect was incredible! The tea pots were beautiful and heavy. I want one of these so badly haha. The food was great! I mean they just nailed everything in this place. It's important to note that once you finish your tea there are no refills and they don't actually sell the tea here. I asked. I really wish they did. I got the toffee and it was my favorite. It's a black tea with caramel. Yummy!
I can't speak for their other meals but I would 100% recommend you come here for tea.So, my friend and I were walking back the car from Love park and decided to take a quick detour into the Hotel Sofitel in Philly. For starters, the lobby was very inviting with a welcoming aroma - not food but a lovely scent - so we wandered into the lounge to find happy hour specials. 
Well, thank goodness we did! We hit the jackpot! Happy hour was in full effect as cocktails were 1/2 off! Yeah!!
Our bartender, Kellen, was superb! I mean, STUPENDOUS!! His recommendations were even more tasty than they sounded! He served me up the famous Libertè with a twist of - his special ingredient - that was delectable! It was the perfect mix of sweet and ummm sweet! Just how I like it! My friend ordered the cheesesteak rolls and loved them! Perfect appetizer to the real thing! #wheninPhilly
Definitely hit the Libertè Lounge and get served up a tasty cocktail from the friendly bartender Kellen!Sleeper hit!  Fell into a Friday night, restaurant week, dining experience (as a dude who would rather not be out on a Friday night, or bit RW). And landed here. Let me tell you, not for nothing, food was AMAZING!  Staff was better!  Ate alone with the ear pods in (judge away, dorks), and had who I think was Larissa, or "Rissa" serve me terrific cocktails, and as stated perfect food, with the perfect amount of banter... water stayed filled, cocktails came correct, and moxie and candor on point. I can't wait to return!  In love with these people and this place.  That said, know I am a Philadelphia resident who doesn't frequent hotel bars in my city ... until today !  Chris and the woman manager were great too. I can't say enough about this experience, and absolutely hate yelpers so takenwith that grain of salt. Come here,
And ummm when love it but me a drink, I'll be at the bar. Alone.This is a really nice spot.  It is a french lounge restaurant in a french-chain hotel - Sofitel.  The  place is on the smaller side but it is very comfortable with excellent seating on its various tables.  It is really a fancy spot.  I was here for lunch during restaurant week and the first thing I noticed was how they brought you a selection of bread to choose from.  They are all about this type of selection.  Do yourself a favor and order hot tea.  They will literally bring you a boxed set of tea containing a dozen types of tea leaves where you can choose from the various types and even smell the containers that each are in.  It is quite fancy!
As for my meal, I was very satisfied.  The short rib was well cooked and was very tasty.  I was not a fan of their creme brulee, however.  Disappointing, considering that it is a french dessert served in a french restaurant.  
One interesting thing about the venue and the hotel it is located in is that some of the staff are french themselves.  Even the maintenance worker spoke french!Waited at the front desk for quite a few minutes before someone came to take us to our seat  came for restaurant week. We looked over the RW menu and it looked interesting enough but I had a really challenging day at work and what I really wanted, no NEEDED, was comfort food...a good ol' burger and fries. 
We started with the mushroom flat bread which I enjoyed, and this is coming from a person who doesn't really like mushrooms. It went well with my cocktail, the Liberte: pear infused vodka, lemon, sparkling wine. I love my sweet drinks but I was in the mood for something  more crisp that night and this delivered. Extremely refreshing. 
Our burgers took a while in the kitchen but was worth the wait. I asked for medium well and my husband asked for medium and we got what we wanted (I have had issues at other places presenting me with a very rare "medium well" burger). I didn't care for the fries too much because were REALLY crispy. Someone else might be into that though. 
All in all, I had a great experience. I love the ambience (I can see myself here casually with friends or on a 'hot date' with the hubby), the staff were absolutely relatable and charming (without it coming off as forced niceness) and I'm thinking a seat by the window during the summer to people watch while eating might be nice (does that sound creepy?)My sister and I visited last Sunday for her birthday. We went with the afternoon tea service and were content with our overall experience. We arrived early for our 2pm reservation and had to wait until 2pm to be seated. Which is completely understandable when the restaurant is busy.
We walked over and were sat in the hostess' "favorite table" and it didn't take long to see why. Like my sister said, "it couldn't have been any better if you planned it". We were sat at a two-seater with oversized velvet chairs next to a large window with the perfect view of the first snow fall this year. It was simply beautiful. 
My sister opted for a Mimosa while I chose the grapefruit puree Bellini. They were nice and tart which we really appreciated. I love grapefruit and the puree tasted fresh. 
Next, we moved on to our tea selection. They brought over a box with the names and tea selection in order to let us chose at our leisure. There is a small sample of the loose-leaf tea in a container so you can smell the tea, if you wish. I went with the vanilla green tea. I am not usually a vanilla fan, but this tea has changed that. It was floral and the vanilla gave it a nice warmth. My sister had the Four berries and really loved that it was fruity and paired nicely with sugar and cream. 
The sandwiches included: Smoked Salmon on Pumpernickel, Chicken salad, Prosciutto and a berry jam, and a bacon apple and cheese sandwich. They were all excellent. I love herbs and these all had a crisp clean herby taste to them. Other items brought out to us included scones with mascarpone cream and preserves, macaroons, and an assortment of pastries. The show stopper was the carrot or spiced cake with cream cheese frosting. Yum! The courses look small, that is with any afternoon tea service, but they are so hard to finish, maybe even impossible. We boxed up the remaining pastries. 
Overall, we really enjoyed our leisure afternoon and greatly appreciated that we were never rushed and the staff explained each course thoroughly and with great knowledge. We would love to return, this time with a larger group of girls!I came here for Restaurant Week last fall. The food was very mediocre, but maybe my standards should not be high since it was for the lunch deal which is only $25. What really bothered us was that the waitstaff seemed to be rushing us out, they would bring the next course out while we were still in the middle of eating our current course. It would awkwardly crowd the table and make us feel like we were in a rush.