Great place to grab breakfast. Staff is always very friendly. Good prices and big platters. We will be backWe  stopped in for breakfast this past Saturday. The place was packed. We got a booth after about 10 minutes. We ordered standard breakfast fare. Eggs Benedict and scrambled eggs with sausage and hashbrowns. Our food came out quickly, but was just ok. Very bland, I needed plenty of pepper for my eggs and potatoes.  The rye toast was already cut in halves, but the butter was lumpy and the bread not toasted very well.  
Probably wouldn't go back.
WiFi was great though. My tablet came right to life.Good food, good service. Try Friday nights for a complimentary shrimp cocktail!! Last time I was there(about a week ago), I had the broiled bluefish: decent portions, & the veggies were good too. The only thing on the menu I didn't care for were the stewed tomatoes;they weren't stewed, just basically canned roma tomatoes in a pizza sauce. Breakfast is very good also. Stop by the cashier & get a permanent 15% off coupon(laminated) for all purchases, as long as you use cash.Best food, awesome people, great prices! My favorite is their breakfasts. The place is never empty but i've never had to wait for a table!The food here is good not great but good. Service was great, very prompt, polite, attentive, and priced good. Pretty busy with a 5 to 10 minutes wait time which is fine.Good food. Large portions. Affordable prices. Always a good expirience breakfast, lunch or dinner.We come here for dinner all the time. They have great food and dinner specials.  Staff is friendly and wait times are very reasonable. only have 4 stars because the interior could use some updating.Loved the ambiance as the food was totally satisfying. The omelet was a very healthy potion (meaning LARGE). Home fries are cooked perfectly.  
Looking forward to my next visit.Usually always get breakfast, love the creamed chipped beef. My husband loves the liberty bell waffle. Stopped for dinner one night, had french onion soup = gross! I just asked to take it off the bill. The manager was extremely nice, even downed the way the kitchen prepared the soup. He made a new one and sat it in front of me and said "I personally made this" I didnt like the broth (too salty bouillon cube city) so didn't eat his either. Although I like that the manager's ensure the quality of your meal. Owner's are fantasticNot the best diner but not the worst either. The place is small and felt rather cramped.  There's also the strange paint (or is it wallpaper?) on the walls.  It's not pretty!  In fact, the decor is quite hideous.  The food was standard diner fare but lacked quality.  Between two adults and one child we had a waffle, ham and Swiss omelet, and chicken nuggets and fries.  Everything was pretty "meh".  Everyone working there was friendly but we will continue our search for a better diner.My fiance and I are regulars here. Staff is very friendly, service is fast, food is always delicious and fairly priced. Definitely a favorite for breakfast for me.Friendly and fast service with perfectly cooked bacon. They also have a nice variety on their menu. Glad we stopped by here for breakfast!Where do I start!!! Me and my boyfriend ordered a side of stuffing with our 20$ meal, it literally looked like throw up. Mushy as hell. Taste like wet bread with cinnamon sprinkled on it wth. They also gave me a head of lettuce just so they can save on fries. So disappointed I'm a regular for ice cream, but the food is YUCKYYYYY. I WANT MY 20$ BACK.I have never had a bad meal here. We are here at least twice a week for breakfast or dinner. They have the best creamed chipped beef I have ever eaten. Also the soups and seafood are delicious. The managers are always present ensuring great meals.Good service. Food was good. Coffee good. We normally go to the other diner up the road. It was packed so we tried Liberty Bell. So fat so good.We've been going here for a long time, I feel safe because a lot of cops go there and are often there eating, lol!
The early bird is fantastic, you get soup AND salad, AND a nice basket of assorted rolls, AND dessert AND beverage. The waitresses are very nice too!gave us terrible gas from the seafood  son thought his chicken cheesesteak was horrible my daughter thought the chicken nuggets on kids menu disgustingMy friend and I went to the diner to use a gift card won at a benefit and were pleasantly surprised.  The diner is busy and cramped but service is great.  Customers are not rushed at all and the food for dinner was freshly made.  We happened to show up for the early bird and got more food then we could eat.  This is a cash only place and we would gladly go back to try the prime rib.I rarely write a review unless an experience is very good or very bad. I came here for breakfast as a last resort after finding another place closed, and was very pleasantly surprised. The specials are a good value, coffee is decent, and to my amazement, the jelly they offer does not contain HFCS! They also do not offer equal/aspartame sweetener, which suggests to me they actually care about what they are putting in people. I will be back here again. Last time I tried it was for dinner, and I was not as impressed, but may give them another shot.
Additionally, the wait staff was very pleasant, fast, and attentive even after bringing my food. Though there's some fixtures that are a little worn, the restaurant is clean. 
I give 4 stars only because of a less than perfect experience for dinner here about a year or so ago. If my wife and I try dinner again, and find it to be better, I will update my review.Been to Liberty Bell a few times. a diner in the old tradition of diners in look and menu options with a good local following.  Basic diner food served in huge portions with soup and salad added on to boot.  Have never had breakfast, but definitely on our list of things to try.I grub hubbed food from here and waited about two hours. I called after 45 mins and they said Grubhub messed up and they didn't get the order right away. I was on hold for about 10 minutes before they could even give me an answer. They didn't have to lie they could of said they didn't see the order and compensated with free desert or extra food. I never had a problem with grub hub ever. They handled that so wrong and it was my first and definitely last experience with them.This is my second visit to Liberty and both times I have been impressed with the food. The food tastes great and they have generous portions. First time tried the florentine omelet,  it was delicious and tasted fresh. Had a bite of the waffle with fresh fruit and that was really good too. Second visit I came in for lunch and tried the crabmeat melt. I was very impressed with this sandwich, it's like an awesome crabcake with cheese and a tomato. Definitely worth trying something new. Will be back soon!They have the best food for a diner. The owners are extremely nice and welcoming, too! We are regulars there and it's because of the extremely nice staff, and the food! Their portions could feed 2 people, and it never looks like just slop on a plate. They have specials every day, and it is one of the few diners I know of with FRESH seafood. The owner brings it over from Jersey every day. If you go, try to make it for the early bird. you can't beat the price for all you get. The quality of their food is high too. I like knowing I'm not eating rubber chicken.The food was good. The service was fast. Everyone was really nice. Our waitress was a little too nice. She kept standing at our table talking to us. She was stroking my kids hair, and was making me a little uncomfortable. I am sure she is a great person, but I wanted to eat, and it was hard to do with that lady standing over us the whole time. I would go back. Maybe I have to make it when it is busier so that our waitress will be preoccupied with other customers haha. Good to see this place pop up when other diners in the area have disappointed.Food- good, huge portions and fantastic bread!
Service- quick and very friendly
Good prices for the amount of food
Ill be back! :)My favorite spot for affordable, quick, filling food. 
I've been here tons of times and I am never disappointed. I'm vegetarian so I stick with meat-free options, and there's still loads for me to pick from. I think that's so important when rating a place. 
Some things that make this place amazing include their amount of food. Not too much, not too little. Not only that, but it's yummy and satisfying too. 
It's kinda small, but you can't blame them when the service is phenomenal and the meals are awesome. It's always packed but they never falter when it comes to handing out orders--they're super quick. Everyone is amazingly kind and hospitable. That's what makes this place one of my faves!I don't usually spend my time for reviews but this place for me worth it, my second time ordering from them. Delicious, if you like to eat the real food just give them a try.The Liberty Bell is an excellent diner! Everyone there is so nice and the food is outstanding!"Regretful "is best word for this place :(
Every time I go out to eat in this area nothing but disappointment.
 I hate left over food . I would have stayed gone to McDonald's
There's no way sausage cook that fast. The sausage is pre-cooked and microwaved. Nasty
Chip beef tasted like flour so thick could not even eat left it in table. Nasty
I am paying for you to cook me fresh food not hour prior because you think your saving time.
Actually I want my money back I don't know why I have to pay for food is garbage.
Now I feel sick from eating at this place my stomach is going to turn all day
I would not get paid if I did this crap on my jobIf you want to not go away hungry this is the place to go. Everyone from the owner to bus boys are friendly. This is the perfect place to go morning, noon or late night! 
All the food is made fresh every day and nothing is bad on the menu. I am a fan of the soups and the Cream of Turley is the best ever. 
You feel like home when you are here at the Liberty Bell plus the food is so good. They have catered our Mother's Day breakfast after our family did the breast cancer walked for 40 people, Then this year they catered our Christmas dinner.
Delish!I should've went to the dining car.  this is my opinion so I do not mean to offend anyone who comes here regularly or just loves this place. We usually would not order steak from a diner only bc we underestimate most diners anyway but the waitress (v) suggested the special..maple glazed or something along that line..steak. Steak came, all fatty meat. I wish I had a picture to show. And we ordered the steak well done (bc that is just how my old man prefers all cuts of steaks!) after we told the waitress that's not well done, it was more medium rare..the only offer we had was to have the steak sent back and cooked more. Who in their right mind would send food back after being dissatisfied? Not us. The beans on the side were weird looking and unappetizing. Anywho, the owner walks past and tells us he's sorry about the steak..they didn't make it well done bc this cut is not suppose to be cooked this way. Bull. It was complete fatty. And it's our preference since we are the ones consuming the food. Not anyone else's. It was just not good overall. We wont be going back.The wife and I love this place. The customers, mainly, skew to the senior end of the spectrum. Doesn't bother us a bit. Staff are always friendly, know the dishes and aren't afraid to recommend something different for the indecisive. 
We've never left hungry. Soups are very good, especially their cream of turkey. Menu is large, and I try something new on nearly every visit. Might not be for everyone, but we love this spot.I came for a quick bite because I was super early for work.   This place is super cute.  I love non fancy places.   I was greeted with a smile. I also noticed that everyone who came thru the door got the same warm greeting.   It seems to be a neighbor hood spot.   I love that.  Now let's get to the food and service.   My waitress was very friendly and attentive.  My food came out quick and it was hot & delicious.  While eating breakfast I was looking over the menu and will definitely be returning.   5 stars to this little neighborhood jewelI love this restaurant always good food breafast lunch and dinner the owners are so nice the waitresses are very friendly and the proportions of food are more then enough we always have left overs BEST RESTAURANT IN THE CITYThis review is based just on the food at the diner since we ordered through uber eats we can't speak on customer service or cleanliness of this restaurant. We loved the bread that came with our order ( garlic bread was to die for! ) however we were missing a few items from our order. I ordered onion soup with my chicken alfredo but got chicken noodle. My husbands ribs was missing the potatoe and for desert they just picked for us ( chocolate pudding and rice pudding ). The chicken alfredo was OK but it was missing some salt ... I do want to give this diner another chance. I just hope the next time they get my order right. It's a big dissapointment when you get your food & it's not what you ordered.I'm rating this place on a diner level. No, it's not completely mind blowing.  However, if you're looking for  a diner with a good amount of food for a really decent price, I suggest going here. I hit up an early bird special that was around 11 bucks. It started off with soup AND salad. I went for the cream of crab, which was surprisingly pretty good. The salad was your average starter salad; some lettuce, carrots, tomatoes, onions. All in great portion, which I didn't finish. There were also dinner rolls that I wasn't too crazy about, but hey. I bravely ordered stuffed flounder (something I wouldn't normally do at a diner) with a baked potato and broccoli as my sides. The stuffed flounder was tasty. I was pleased. Broccoli was broccoli, and I boxed the potato to take home. As if that wasn't enough food, dessert was also included. You get a choice between cake, jello, pudding, fruit, and ice cream. I went for the cookies and cream ice cream. I always love ice cream. All in all, not too shabby. The place is kind of tacky inside. I could hear a lot of gossip and banter between the servers, but that goes with working in the restaurant business. Service was a little slow despite it being practically empty inside, but the waiter was nice.Like family! They are so welcoming as soon as you come through the door, I am famous for bringing newbies here. The prices are fair and the portions are satisfying. They have really come up as far as expanding since they have opened. They work as a team, and if my drink is low another waiter/waitress will fill it. I don't have to ask for anything after being seated, except for the check when I am ready to leaveBeen to this diner 3 times now and been disappointed 3 times. I only go when I'm in the area.  This is my first time since 2012. 
I don't like the way they cook the food. 
It is a diner so I won't say anything about frozen meat and such. The quality of food at even the best Diners is still crap compared to a good Restaurant. 
I had a steak and baked potato with corn. 
Everything is cooked in butter. This is a big change for me because I don't use any butter or margarine at home. 
Coconut Oil and olive oil ONLY. 
The baked potato was burned beyond recognition. Then it was sliced into 4 pieces. It was the weirdest way I've ever seen a potato served. This comes from RUSHING IN THE KITCHEN.  Take your time. A baked potato is not supposed to be pan fried.All the food tastes great n fresh. Very friendly  staff. Frequented by seniors (not a bad thing}I love the eggs Benedict here, and the open-faced Monte Cristo was also good. The wait staff are always attentive and friendly. My only complaint is that the onion rings are not very good. They are dry and crumbly on the outside, chewy on the inside.I have had good meals here in the past. For Thanksgiving, I didn't go out or cook this year. I never eat out for Thanksgiving. I was disappointed with the turkey dinner. Overall, very bland. Particularly the stuffing and gravy. Should of followed my first instinct and just got take out at Boston Market.Probably my favorite breakfast spot in Northeast Philly, killer menu and quick serviceThis is by far my favorite diner. They serve food quickly and the prices are fantastic for the amount of food you get. I went here for lunch and ordered their lasagna, which was pretty good. I was given bread, soup, salad and dessert with my entree for less than $15.Love the liberty bell! Have eaten here at every meal and have to say the early bird is my favorite. You get soup, salad, homemade break, desert and entree for a low price. I've had several pasta dishes (chicken pram and pene vodka) and seafood dishes and everything is always delish. I end of leaving stuffed to the max. Love the eggs Benedict for breakfast. Great atmosphere too, very family oriented.I just had the unfortunate pleasure of ordering from this diner through uber eats and receive my food with half of it missing. And the what I did get was not great. This is the one and only time I will ever eat from this place... Which is unfortunate considering I'm all for supporting local establishments...Good service,  but I only ate here once with my son and we both got really bad upset stomachs from the food.  Typically we are pretty solid and can handle the oddest concoction of foods, but this place just did not sit well. I wasn't wild about the flavor of the food either. I probably would not go back based on this experience.went there the other day for lunch. the prices are decent, good size food portion, and the food taste pretty goodMy better half and I had breakfast on a recent Saturday morning and enjoyed a delicious meal.  We were seated immediately even though it was quite crowded and served coffee, which was hot and very good.  The wife had a short stack of buttermilk pancakes and I had a Belgian waffle.  The service was quick, my waffle had great flavor and was light and even had a Liberty Bell in the center!  My wife loved her pancakes which I sampled and concurred.  Our server asked several times if we needed our coffee topped and she brought our check quickly.  Don't be discouraged by the decor, the breakfasts are very good.  We will be back.My family and I have loved this diner for some time and have not had a bad meal here.  Sandwiches, burgers, steaks, soups, "upgrade" meals are well prepared.  Desserts could be better but that's what the Dining Car nearby is for.  Portion sizes are large.  Nice family restaurant, law-enforcement friendly, skews older crowd when I've been here.  
We've come so often, the owner gave us a "permanent" 10% off card when paying with cash.  You can also find coupons sometimes in the NE Times.  Best Diner in the Northeast!Ordered take out.... 2 orders of chocolate chiP pancAkes 1 w bananas and both with bacon. Boyfriend picked it up. Upon arrival the MANAGER ALI, told him it was ready but stood there not gathering our order, instead flirting w a waitress, i got news for u hun (sweety ur not cute and/or gods gift to the world) anyways...  he waited ten minutes before he told the guy he needed his food and had to go, manager says one second i have to add up your order..... Total 27.90!!!! For Two orders of pancakes and bacon??? I just cant seem to comprehend it beings i work as a waitress at a diner and added the same order up as if i was ordering at my job and it was 18.70  Absurd!!! He gets home i look at the food pancakes were small bacon was raw, i called back to return the food and get my money back but was being respectful when i called because i wanted to skip the rift raft of causing a scene inside the establishment because i happen to have an uncontrollable temper.  I walk in and instead of just handing me my money, he grabs a menu Nd tries to break down the prices for me in which i preceed to tell him i don't care i just want my money back... He argued with me over and over. After arguing w me one of the owners decided to tell him just give her the money, but then shorted me 1.40 which isnt a big deal but quite annoying after he ran his mouth and told me that my boyfriend must of lied about the price. The management here is TERRIBLE. I USED TO FREQUENT HERE W MY DAUGHTER, because she loves it even after i had a bad experience w the same person. However, i will NEVER STEP foot in this establishment again. There management is the worst ive ever met thus far. What happened to making the customers happy, and customers are always right!! Save your aggrevation and money and head to the dining car....  NEVER AGAIN.Here again with my grandmother. We got the early bird special. I got the chicken scampi with sweet potatoes and my grandmother got the turkey meatloaf. The dishes come with soup, salad, bread, and desert. Lots of choices of soup to choose from, the bread was mixed with cinnamon, cheese, and garlic, and a decent selection of desert. Katie was our server and was awesome.Quite possibly the most mediocre and strange dining experience I've ever had, which is saying something.
For starters, the food was bland. Not even bad enough to be memorable. I had a Chicken Caesar wrap that was much smaller than any diner portion I've seen and it had no taste. OK, not great but I'm willing to give the benefit of the doubt - maybe they're better at breakfast food, or they're busy etc..
Unfortunately, the attitude of our waitress killed it for us. She could be best described as passive aggressive. I was with 3 men, between 28-30 and she insisted on calling us all "boys" several times and constantly emphasizing on the word. I get that I have short hair and all but, that is something women can have without someone getting confused. Also, the males I was with are men, not boys. The worst part of our interactions with her was when she was telling us the soups of the day and one of my friends asked her what the first one she said was. She wouldn't tell him, opting to instead say "What did I just say?" 3 or 4 times before I had to step in and tell him what she said. You're a waitress, answer the question, don't act like a jerk. 
Jerky staff and bland food, think I'll pass. Plenty of other food choices around the area.We love this place. We eat there usually 3 times a week for breakfast. Service is super fast and the staff is very nice.This is is in my opinion the best diner in the northeast. The portions are good, the prices are fair and the wait staff are friendly. I eat here once a week and have done so for a long time. I have never had anything that wasn't really good. 
Please don't come here if you re drunk. This is a nice family place. No one needs to watch you make a fool of yourself. 
I was amused by the negative comment provided by someone who admitted he was drunk.May 1st at 1:00 am 3 of us went to Liberty Bell Diner what a pleasure it was the waitress was awesome. We ordered Crock of Onion Soup and Fried Calamari to start. Omg! The soup and calamari were perfect. Then 2 of us ordered Liberty Bell's Special Steak this was the juiciest Rib Eye Steak perfectly made with Portabella Mushrooms, Jumbo Lump Crabmeat in a Brandy Pink sauce over Spinach. This steak melted in your mouth I will be back to order again. Liberty Bell's Sweet Cracker Chicken was an incredible Chicken Cutlet breaded in crushed Ritz Crackers with a Wine Lemon Sauce so very tasty. The portions were big and we all came home with doggie bags. The coffee was fresh, and the deserts were delicious and fresh.My sons favorite diner. They always have my fav which is the eggs Benedict and he gets his pancake fix. Staff are friendly and efficient and we always enjoy it when we come here.Not just your usual diner favorites: vegetarian friendly options and an all-day breakfast menu that more than satisfies the "breakfast for dinner" crowd, like myself. Service is always with a smile, they're very friendly and good about substitutions and the like. One of the few diners that actually has V8 instead of tomato juice. Their Belgian Waffle is enormous and filling. Their Silver Dollar pancakes should win a gold medal. Great place for families, birthdays or if you're by yourself. Architecture is cool because it used to be a Roy Rogers. Their pie is delicious, too. Meat-eater friends of mine rave about the cream of turkey soup.Love, love this place.  Owner is great and very friendly. Servers are good but not all of them. Chicken parm is a must and also their chicken in a basket.  Rolls are complimentary and very good.  Nice ambience and plenty of flat screens for your morning news if you're there for breakfast.Great breakfast!  Plenty of hot coffee.  Excellent Italian omelet.  The scrapple was delicious--I believe the guy said that they serve Hatfield brand.  Pancakes were just fine.
Servers were attentive and friendly.  It's a big place, so even though they were busy on a Saturday morning, we had no trouble getting a table.The best in Holmsburg.  Food portions are large, the price is good.  Friendly athmosphere.  W e dine there once a week.I have been coming here for years and have never been served anything less than delicious. The staff is friendly and attentive even when the diner is busy. It doesn't matter if you order breakfast, lunch or dinner...all are exceptional. I'm there more often for dinner and the daily specials are always really good, but I've also had their breakfasts on many occasions as well it is all just as good. For breakfast they make great omelettes and then for dinner you can't go wrong with their sweet cracker chicken. The owner is a great guy, he's there all the time making sure that things are running smoothly and that customers are happy. Best of all they are open late during the week and 24hrs on weekends, which is the best if your craving pancakes or french fries at 3am on a Saturday after a night of drinking. All in all I don't think you could ask for a better local diner.Great 24 hour diner.  They have huge portions and everything I have ever ordered always comes out fast and tasty.  It's family owned and I was really impressed with how everyone works as a team there.  Very hard working people, the owner, despite having so many people working the floor, does everything he can to make the customer's experience all it can be.  He was running plates, collecting cash, even cleaning up just to make sure that all of his customers could be seated quickly and efficiently.  Very popular early bird specials, there is something for everyone.  Cops and Firemen also get a discount.Almost too much to choose from...we went on a busy Saturday evening and we were promptly seated and our food was served quickly.  Our family of four each found what we wanted and were very pleased.The food is OK, it was not mind blowing or OMG, I can't wait to eat there again type of food. It's kind of like one step above home cooking and not home cooking like my grandmother makes but like my girlfriend makes, lol. Okay, but not worth a repeat, lol. Everything was edible and the service was good and unlike LA the parking was free so...If you want family-style treatment, this is the place to go. They provide excellent portion sizes, and cater to many different tastes. Warm and friendly, the staff there remember your name, are very attentive, and if something is not right with your meal (which I have NEVER had happen to me), they will take care of it. I've been going there for years now and haven't been disappointed yet.Great little diner! My parents come here a lot for breakfast. I had the day off so I joined them. I had a cheese omelette with home fries and rye toast. Everything was delicious. There was a ton of food on my plate as well. My parents enjoyed their meals as well. For all 3 of us our bill was under $30. Lots of food for little cost. Our waitress and the rest of the staff were great and attentive. Can't wait to come back to Liberty Bell!This place still gets 5 stars from me. No matter what I get there, it is always phenomenal. But tonight...tonight's dinner was one for pictures. It was of the specials menu. It's stuffed salmon with shrimp. When I saw this plate come out, it knocked me off of my feet!! The salmon was incredible. This crab meat is always tender and plentiful. The breading is always crispy, and everything is always bursting with flavor. No cocktails or tartar sauce needed, ladies and gentlemen. Those two condiments would be an insult to this dish!! 
The other entree is my mom's plate. It's veal with raviolis in a creamy Parmesan sauce. She also ordered hers off of the specials menu. It was garlicky and everything you would want Parmesan sauce to be. Neither one of us finished these dishes, and I'm so incredibly happy I get to eat this again tomorrow.I have eaten here in the past and enjoyed my meals. Unfortunately I can not say the same thing about this time. My family and I ate here on a Thursday afternoon for lunch. We waited almost 10 minutes before anyone even came to our table to ask us what we would like to drink. It was another 10 minutes before our order was taken. We had to wait about 20 minutes for our food which wasn't anything special. I ordered the sampler platter. It came with mozerella sticks but I didn't get any marinara sauce. My Potato skins were burnt so bad to the point that I couldn't eat them. My son got Fetticine Alfredo but it was so bland. The sauce had no flavor to it at all. The best thing about the meal was the Cream of Turkey Soup. Our waitress never came back to our table (which was in the corner) to see if we needed anything so it was an hour later when I flagged down another waitress and asked if we could get refills on our drinks.This is honestly the best diner ever!  Always fast and friendly!  The chicken parm is amazing!  There bread is always great.  Excellent soup!  I just love it here!  With all the diners in the area, this is the best!Been coming here for years! Never had a bad meal here. Food is always excellent and the service is always good. A little cramped though, hopefully they will buy out the dining car and then they'll be perfect.This is by far my favorite diner in the northeast. The staff is friendly and they truly care about their customers. Also, they have excellent tasting food. Another perk about this diner: they deliver! This diner comes highly recommended by me.This my father and I's favorite place for a quite bite to eat in Northeast Philadelphia.  He goes there so often he has a VIP discount card.  The food is extremely affordable and the portions are gigantic.  My favorite meals are the turkey club w/ home fries, the chicken quesidilla, and the Texas chicken sandwich.  I seriously dream about the home fries.  They are to die for especially when the are well done and burnt.  The service is quick and accommodating.  They waitresses have that gritty Philadelphia blue collar feel to them but that's what I love about the place.  They always make you feel welcome without putting on airs.  Great for comfort food and a true Philadelphia experience.Amazing place for breakfast. Great value, good food, and good service.I absolutely love this diner and I've been to a lot over the years. All of the staff is extremely nice. The portions are big, the prices are great for the amount of food. I usually go about once a week. The diner is frequented by police officers from the training facility which my son loves since he wants to be a police officer. The cousins that run it are very hard working and sometimes will give coupons out for a percentage off of a meal. My boyfriend cannot live without their cream of turkey soup. I've been there for breakfast, lunch and dinner and it is always amazing.Love this restaurant jaliel is the best host. Always welcomes my family and I with literally open arms. He keeps his staff on a tight shift.I've been here quite a few times and enjoyed breakfast here. The few times I've gone it was crowded but we were seated at a pretty good time. I went in with a group of children and the wait staff was very helpful and friendly. The kids made a mess of the tables and the floor as kids do- and the staff was so inviting and friendly that they told me it's okay, kids will be kids and to enjoy. The staff was very friendly and helpful and made suggestions as to what to order when we were still trying to decide. 
The pancakes are delicious here and the eggs and sausage. 
I also like to come here in the summer and enjoy the Philadelphia water ice and ice cream sundaes that they sell. The water ice is inexpensive and you can get a large Whig is huge for half the price you'd pay at Rita's water ice.Best in the city of Philadelphia at . This restaurant gets 6 stars for food, service, cleanliness and nice people. Beats all the so called 5 stars anywhere.
FredThe Liberty Bell Diner on Frankford Avenue, Northeast Philly, is an urban diner.  It lacks the stretch stainless and glass look of the Jersey version of pure Americana roadside "stuff and go" restos.  Rather, it is more compact and hunkered down in what is now the parking lot of a strip commercial center that has seen better days.  The location certainly makes for easy parking, but I am sure the green field that was here first, was more attractive.  
That doesn't stop it was being a very good representative of the genre.  The counter sits to one side just outside the kitchen. The dining room is a nice size with about two dozen tables, white and blue painted walls, dark carpet, and a couple of HDTVs up high.  Service is provided by young women and men in black, who are well trained and friendly, with the right amount of tats exposed on their arms.  Coffee arrives quickly, and they are patient with newbies scanning their menu and asking questions.   
Our Blueberry Pancake short stack was fine, if not outstanding.  Fresh fruit in the mix was generous.  A noticeable shortcoming was the use of Kraft Syrup for the gooey sweetener, rather than something healthier and engaging. It is hard to get passed the heavy dose of corn syrup as its main ingredient.  I would gladly pay extra for a small pour of pure maple dark B grade. 
The Sausage, Egg & Cheese on Kaiser was a crowd pleaser and customizable.  It was easy to swap out of a plain breakfast patty, and into a sliced/grilled Hot Italian Porker.  It made all the difference in creating an excellent sandwich designed for my taste.  The roll was also pleasantly fresh and strong enough to hold its contents to the last bite.  The Hash Browns were forgettable. 
The staff seems to really enjoy the regulars.  There was a knot of ladies in black laughing and commenting on the photos one of the customers was sharing with them.  Even the owner allowed himself to enjoy the moment.  Very cool. 
Overall, a superior breakfast stop.One of my diner favs. Great staff. Menu is quite large, so be prepared to make a decision. Large portions too.This diner is always my go to. I can always count on their friendly service and amazing comfort food. It is always so clean and comfortable. The owner is beyond amazing. He once gave me and my family a free bag of cookies. He's always kind in ringing us up and asks how everything was. The food is hot and delicious and reasonably priced. There is something for everyone on the menu and breakfast all day. You can never go wrong. They serve you a lot of food, which is great to take home and have the next day! They are a little crowded on weekends especially in the morning but I suggest everyone try this place! You won't be disappointed.