Liberty Kitchen is a great addition to the neighborhood.  Great hoagies and many other menu items that are super fresh.  Inside the store they have some quality grocery items for purchase.  The best part about the hoagies are the seeded rolls.  Phenomenal.  Could put anything on that roll.  Looking forward to going back and trying all of them.Fantastic spot with excellent food. They source from a bunch of local vendors, so everything is a combination of great Philly ingredients. Italian hoagie was delicious. Highly recommend this spotThe best Italian hoagie in the city. The best tomato pie in the city. Extremely friendly and informative service too, can't go wrong!Della Casa hoagie is one of the best hoagies I have ever tasted. The fresh mozzarella is mouth watering by itself. The tomato pie is also a most get, they bake it fresh every morning. Staff is very welcoming and friendly, great vibe overall.This is a wonderful establishment! The friendly staff, quality ingredients and neighborhood ambience create for an excellent experience every time. Highly recommend the Della Casa, the tomato pie, and the Mac & Cheese! Everything else I've had from here has also been incredibly tasty! Definitely worth stopping in for a visit!!!One of the best hoagies I have ever had!! It was my first time here and we ordered the Della casa hoagie. Staff was super knowledgeable, friendly and helpful.  They also offer homemade kombucha and pickles- both of which are out of this world. You can tell that liberty kitchen uses very fresh, high grade ingredients. Definitely will be one of our go to spots from now on!Cool people who care about excellent eating experiences and quality ingredients from responsible sources. From following them on instagram, the Events they host seem diverse and interesting and i hope to make it to one soon! 
Hoagies are delish- as a vegetarian I recommend Della casa with eggplant as a sub or the Veggie Jawn. Carangis Seeded rolls tie it all together. The Mac and cheese is the bomb- mention if you do spicy and they'll take it up a notch. 
Oh, and it's BYOB!!!Incredible: freshly made mozzarella daily; the eggplant Della Casa is luscious with red peppers on a Caranji Bakery roll. Co-owner Matt could not be any nicer. Go here ASAP!This place is amazing. Kind and accommodating people and incredible food. Went with a group of friends for dinner and got to try some of their most popular dishes - the tomato pie, hoagies, and mac and cheese were all top-notch. Also, the place is BYOB. Can't recommend Liberty Kitchen enough!I wish I could give Liberty Kitchen 6 stars. Great new spot in Fishtown for so many reasons. Sandwiches and other menu items are made of high quality ingredients and so freakin' delicious! Market and other food and drink items are available for purchase as well. And the staff...they're like no other. I've been in a few times and felt so comfortable sitting down, grabbing some food, and chatting with the staff. Matt and Pat make you feel like family from the second you step inside the door. Thank you, thank you, thank you! This place is going to be a huge asset to the neighborhood!(to the tune of "Sucker" by the Jonas Brothers)
We went together.
Two birds of a feather, so hungry
Don't care 'bout weather, yeah
It's always the right temp in the Kitchen of Liberty
I've been waiting oh-so-long, enough to make up a song
All about sandwiches, can't get enough.
It's like medicine for the soul, the seeds upon the rolls,
And LK, you know it's obvious:
I'm a sucker for you.
Just take my money, I'd support you blindly.
'cuz I'm a sucker for you,
Those meats and cheese, keep feeding me so kindly
I'm a sucker for the tiny details
So many surprises from you from you from you,
And your mural of Gritty, well it's clear, you're more than typical, too.
It's true, I'm a sucker for you.
Go big or go home, right? That was the mentality of my buddy and I when we visited Liberty Kitchen on opening day, armed with a lunch break and a hunger. We ordered two sandwiches that came with chips and a pickle spear (no chips for the to-go orders, heads up), a piece of tomato pie, and mac and cheese. One sandwich (the Casa Della) was perfection. Our italian was unfortunately a little light on the flavor, but I'll be honest, it barely registered considering the awesome experience. The mac and cheese was delicious and unexpected. The little "market" at the front of the shop make it a great quick destination for a souvenir or host/hostess gift if your'e in the area. PLUS, they've got Topo Chico - what more can you ask for?
The price was appropriate, the sandwich sizes were nice, the wait was a bit long BUT that's probably because the line was out the door (which won't happen regularly, I imagine, except maybe during the occasional lunch rush) and they have a great "Hoagie Club" that discounts sandwiches if you're a frequent flyer.
The special touches really tie the space together, and pay homage to Philly. The downstairs will be used for workshops and such in the future, but for now it's just great to have the extra seating! A great addition to Front St.Awesome spread! First time here, we tried out the chicken salad Salumeria hoagie, mac and cheese, and the antipasto salad. Will definitely be back! So much high quality food for a reasonable price pointGreat little sandwich shop. Their Italian hoggies and the specials are my go to here. They also have a great selection of cheese and pickled condiments.Beautiful atmosphere!! Beautiful people!! And awesome food!! The hoagie was delicious and they have the best tomato pie in the city! Tandy cakes are crushing it too!Hands down best Italian hoagie in the city. Liberty Kitchen has only been open a short while but they are already my favorite lunch spot in Fishtown/Olde Kensington. Can't wait to try the entire menu.This is possibly my favorite place EVER to order hoagies, pickles and kombucha all from a friend in the cheese/food world with a man bun and skinny jeans. 
In all seriousness, this place is an exciting addition to the area.  I'm falling in love with the artisanal hoagie here. The Brine Street pickle that comes with it is pretty divine; was glad to pick up a jar on my way out.  Locally made Funky Fresh kombucha made lunch a complete and perfect afternoon indulgence.
The cheese case and condiment selection also adds more to our neighborhood.  If I am correct, this is the fishtown area's first and only cut to order , cheesemongered counter!  Well, Im glad to see it and cant wait for the pop down events they have in the future!Swing by Liberty Kitchen and pick up a pint made my 1-900 Ice Cream. I promise you won't have any regrets! The pints are only sold here on special occasion and they carry a very limited inventory! Follow @1900icecream on Instagram to stay up to date on the ice cream sales and inventory, flavors of the week, and much more! Different original flavors all the time and all of its home made from top notch ingredients! Every batch is made with love and their 1-900 ice cream is what local small businesses should be all about! The pint cost 10 dollars but OH IS IT WORTH IT!!!! Put a spoonful on your tounge and you will be transported to ice cream heaven!!! Pick up your pint and enjoy the neighborhood around liberty kitchen! A great outing! Also lots of other great products are carried here at liberty kitchen!Every time I'm in Philly I insist we go here. Everything from the hoagies to the Mac and cheese to the charcuterie boards is well thought out and executed to perfection. The place has a local neighborhood vibe and is everyone that works there is friendly and helpful. 
You're seriously missing out if you don't stop here!Such amazing hoagies and pizza everything about this place I love. The owners is great and the food is even better I'm so happy they have this in the neighborhood Northern liberties has been needing something like this.Hands down the best Italian Hoagie I've ever had, and the only Veggie Hoagie I'll order. But what they're going to be famous for is the Della Casa. Holy moly it's too good to describe, the English language doesn't have the words that will do it justice. The meat cone is a perfect snack size and probably the only correct way to serve meats and cheeses together. Do yourself a favor and go with one of everything on the menu and when you leave pick up some Zing Beans for that Sunday bloody, thank me later.Liberty Kitchen is an amazing addition to Fishtown and Philly! The sandwiches and food are fresh and delicious, the owners and workers are passionate and friendly, and the space is perfect. Would highly recommend the Veggie Jawn, Buddha Bowl, turkey hoagie and the kombucha. Brine Street Pickles on the side of all the sandwiches is a great touch. An all around awesome celebration of local food!Great tomato pie. The sauce is super tasty and you can tell they care about the little things here. Definitely returningGreat Place!  The foccacia bread is delicious and baked fresh evreyday and the Brine Street Pickles are very tasty!  Had some locally sourced cheese that was a pecorino romano cheese.  it was delicious! Very nice atmosphere and staff.  Co-owner Matt is very nice!Probably the best Italian hoagie I've had in the city. They also great options in their market section. Get the brine street pickles, the hot ones are so good (and so hot)!The Italian hoagie I had delivered from these guys was one for the books. Just incredible - all those Italian meats and cheese and just enough zing to kick it up a notch. My wife loved her eggplant sandwich, as well. 
Delivery was quick and painless, even though they  are a couple of miles away. Looking forward to ordering from Liberty Kitchen again!The most up and coming location in Philadelphia. I was here for the grand opening, and let me tell you, it blew me away. This place has all the makings of a great neighborhood locale; fresh food, and a real Philly vibe.
There was a ton of food there, all excellent, so here's just a few things that stood out to me. The Tandy Cakes are a must; sweet candy deliciousness. Between the peanut butter flavor, and just the nostalgia of eating a tasty cake, the Tandy Cakes were by far and away the best. The hoagies there were so fresh, and good. I can't recall the bread used, but you could tell it was freshly baked, and had a nice crunch. And the cheese on the hoagies was divine. I'm excited to go back and see what other food they will offer; the food is unique.
The atmosphere showcases the best Philly has to offer, from a custom mural of Gritty, to a funny spin on the Revolutionary War cartoon (Join or Die is now Eat or Die). The owners and workers are all locals, friendly, and knowledgeable about the food they serve. A real great addition to the Fishtown area. With the delicious food, and awesome atmosphere, Liberty Kitchen is for sure to become a staple of Philly.Terrible food, terrible service, very ignorant workers. I ordered from here a few days ago and will never order here again. I read great reviews about the place and figured I'd give it a try. Wish I would have went anywhere else. Never going here againBest Italian hoagie in Philadelphia. My go to spots are in South Philly, no need to make the trip. Amazing fresh bread and meats. Highly recommend.I finally ordered from Liberty kitchen after trying to visit their store pre Covid. WOW, words cannot describe how fulfilling this meal was. I ordered 3 different hoagies and all of them were fresh and tasty. Also tried the Mac and cheese which was delightful. 10/10 would eat and recommend, it's a must try.Probably some of the best tomato pie I've ever had! Also extremely delicious, creamy Mac and cheese. I really enjoyed the veggie jawn and the mortabella. I will say the "big house salad" was not very big and the only disappointing item of the bunch. We ordered on Grubhub - hope to check out the brick and mortar location sometime soon!As lauded, Liberty Kitchen has an excellent Italian hoagie. They bread is the perfect balance of firm and still easily palatable. The meats are generous in portion and quality. 
The hoagie has a balsamic dressing that brings just enough oil and acid to the sandwich without overpowering it. And the cheese accents the meats, but isn't so Philly-bitter that it dominates the flavor profile.Can't say enough positive things! We had my husband's surprise party here and everyone LOVED it! Not only was the food yummy (holy mozzarella) but the staff was incredibly friendly and went above and beyond to make the night special. They went as far as to coordinate with me to have a decoy sales person at the store entrance when we arrived ensuring that it was a total surprise when he walked down the stairs to find 17 of his closest friends waiting with drinks in hand. Great food, awesome staff, love the BYOB. Highly recommend private events here!Great sandwiches and stocks high quality goods. Before covid I ordered some local cheese as well and the service was fantastic - with a few samples thrown in.Had the Italian and tomato pie. Both of which I think are the best I ever had. There is an amazing sauce on the Italian with fresh, crispy baked bread and a great selection of meats. The tomato pie had the best dough and tasty sauce. Not sweet like most pies but more of a savory pieIn the time of Covid, I ordered on caviar for delivery. 
Got the fig caprese special with a side of mac and cheese. 
Omg the Mac and cheese first of all was amazing. I'll have to figure out a way to make it like that at home or I'll be a slave to theirs. Super creamy with a hint of spice, topped with buttery bread crumbs. I'm in heavy and super regretful I only got the small size. Next time, always get the large size. 
The fig caprese sandwich is also an amazing combo. Balsamic figs, prosciutto, caprese, and arugula all on a crisp roll. 
Get here. Get the food. It's a cute space in real life and I can't wait to come here when stuff gets better.tl;dr a gourmet deli and market featuring solid sandwiches and an assortment of baked specials
Specialty stores run abound in Fishtown, and Liberty Kitchen is no different. Despite the tiny space, Liberty highlights local and imported products alike in its miniature, Di Bruno-esque grocery. Gourmet tinned fish and high-end hot sauce line the shelves, while fresh baked goods and meats available by-the-pound are stocked up at the deli counter. Looking for something prepared? Opt for some deli-style takeout options.
But don't expect service with any sense of urgency, or, in our case, even a smile -- even a short line could leave you waiting upward of 10 minutes. And for takeout, definitely call ahead or expect to wait an additional 20 minutes after you order.
On a recent bike ride through Fishtown, my partner and I decided to swing by Liberty for a bite to eat. We settled on the Della Casa and Heritage Ham hoagies, and after our queue, headed over to a local garden to soak up the spring sunshine. The seeded rolls were moderately well-filled with a carefully curated selection of locally sourced charcuterie and novel accompaniments, and the high quality was evident in the ingredients. The Della Casa showcased a pleasant spectrum of flavors, from the richness of the meats to the tang of the red pepper spread. Meanwhile, the Heritage Ham enlisted pickled onions as the ideal complement to its otherwise standard (but good-quality) list of ingredients.
The sandwiches were solid -- but not nearly tasty or large enough to justify the $12-13 price range (before tax). While I can envision Liberty as a reliable spot for those already in the neighborhood, I wouldn't say that it's worth a trip out of your way if you already have your own go-to specialty grocer nearby.Liberty Kitchen has the most amazing hoagies I've ever eaten. I dont think I've ever talked about a sandwich to friends and family as much as I have about this places, so I had to leave a review.  Fresh, unique ingredients and the place had the most friendly helpful staff. I asked for a suggestion for what was the must have hoagie and they gave me two incredible suggestions and both were delicious (Italian and della casa) . I was in a rush to get to the airport returning home to Charlotte NC and they were so helpful in getting me out of there quickly so I could actually try their super tasty hoagies and not have to settle for airport food. Anytime I return to Philly now I'll be stopping by Liberty kitchen! Thank y'all so much for the wonderful experience.Delicious food. Good smell inside. Easy parking. 100% Will eat again. Tomato pie and Mac and cheese were perfect.We've been doing an Italian hoagie tour of Philly.  Liberty is hard to beat. In fact, it makes it into our rotation about every 4th hoagie.GREAT spot! My boyfriend and I stopped here for the first time for lunch today. We ordered 2 slices of tomato pie and split the Italian hoagie. Both were phenomenal! The hoagie was one of the best I've had in long long time and the tomato pie was equally as good. The chef was also nice enough to give us a sample of his special Mac and cheese: sausage, broccoli rabe - oh my was it good. Overall the experience was great and I would recommend to anyone looking for some good food in fishtown.
I also found out they do catering which is something I do often for my work so I plan to try out their catering menu sometime soon as well.Amazing sandwiches, everything is fresh and the flavor combinations are great! Highly recommend going here and trying whatever the special is because you can't go wrongThe best. Truly never disappoints.. great selection of chips and sauces as well. Tomato pie is fabulous as well. You can't go wrong!They have the best sandwiches in the city but they are SO SLOW. They told us 40 mins from when we ordered which seemed like a while for 2 sandwiches, but not a big deal. We got there 40 mins later and then waited another 40 mins for our food. I guess the strategy is to double the amount of time they tell you. Food is really good but service is pretty bad. If you don't have anywhere to be it's worth it.Got the del casa from the soft opening and it is going to be an instant Philadelphia classic - Home-made mozzarella, peppers, balsamic and the most perfect fresh bread, what's not to like? I also tried the Italian hoagie, and while not usually my go to I am already finding myself craving another. It was loaded with fresh meats and cheese and again I cannot rave enough about how perfect the bread is. 
Can't wait to try the cheese and meat cones, essentially a charcuterie board in snack form - my dream! Luckily the shop is in a great location so we will be frequenting often on our way to some of our favorite breweries.Just take all my money Liberty Kitchen, the food is that good  
Had the Italian hoagie (amazing, fresh, quality, giant portion) and the Tandy cake (!!! Delicious !!!)I've been ordering italian hoagies from here twice a week through Caviar. The food is good, but I had some trouble with my order. The balsamic is a bit much, so I requested extra pepper relish and less balsamic, for which I was charged extra (which is fine). However, when I went to pick up the order, I asked the cashier to verify that the relish was added, which she was insistent that it was on the sandwich and should not have been included separately. It turns out the sandwich actually had no pepper relish on it and extra balsamic.Items ordered: macaroni and cheese, Italian style hoagie. 
If you are looking for a "non-traditional" Italian hoagie, this is the spot! The flavor profile was wonderful, with bold flavors, and a bit of heat. The bread was seared hoagie role, and the vegetables very fresh. 
The macaroni and cheese was top tier. I pride myself in always trying the Mac and cheese when offered at a restaurant, and this did not disappoint. Made with thick and creamy cheese, and a bit of tang, this side dish was filling and satisfying. 
I will be ordering again, there are so many more hoagies that need tasting.We were headed to the Jersey Shore and pre-ordered a selection of items for charcuterie.  Wow! The cheeses were especially fabulous!  Since we would be arriving around dinner time, we added three subs to the order.  Italian, Chicken & Kale Caesar, and the star of the show, Della Casa- these were simply incredible!  Until I can get back to Philly, I will be dreaming of the sun dried pepper jam on that delectable sandwich!Got the veggie jawn and the tomato slice. I liked the vibe of the shop which I couldn't stay for too long because take-out and COVID but it definitely gave the vibe of your neighborhood corner shop that you'd want to frequent for local fixings.
The prices on the sandwiches are a little high in my opinion for what you get. Especially the veggie option, more like the $10 range than $12.5. They let you pick which slice of the pie you want (corner, edge or middle) which was nice.
Food tasted really good and fresh!I have eaten Liberty Kitchen 4 times since it opened and I find myself craving it pretty much every week. I have had the tomato pie, the buddha bowl, and the kale caesar hoagie. The hoagie is honestly out of this world. I want one everyday! The buddha bowl is also really good, and feels hearty and healthy at the same time. I got it with chicken salad which is NOT normal chicken salad but was delicious so no complaints. And the tomato pie was solid as well. The staff is friendly and it has a great feel to it. It feels slightly overpriced, but it's a small business and I feel like they need to establish themselves so it's okay with me. I will keep coming back here to try more items! Yay for this neighborhood gem!Love you guys ! Food is high quality, But I was expecting more salad, per the title of this menu item.Sooo good and soo fresh.  The staff is pretty friendly too. I will be going back so much!  The restaurant looks great. They have deli meats and hot sauces as well.I had read good things about Libetty Kitchen sandwiches before the pandemic. It shouldn't have taken me so long to give it a try. I ordered a heritage ham sammy with a side of mac & cheese. The ham sammy is a tasty ham & cheese hoagie. Fresh meats on a nice soft roll, large enough that I ate half for lunch and half for dinner.  The mac & cheese was very yummy. It was cheesy with bread crumbs on top. Although it was good it's not quite up to the level of what you would get at a good Soul Food restaurant. But you won't be disappointed with a Liberty Kitchen hoagie & side.WOW! These people make a great sandwich! Really diverse selection of beverages and snacks. I had the Italian and it's one of the best sando's I've ever had. EAT HERE NOW!Best sandwiches in Fishtown. Also I did not expect this...but...the tomato pie is unreal ! Probably my second favorite in the area behind only Beddia. The staff is also so nice and genuine it is always a pleasant experience picking up an order.Fantastic food and atmosphere in an unexpected location. Liberty kitchen was on my radar after a recent article in Philly Mag/Foobooz. When I saw the combination of Salumeria-type sandwiches and Brine Street pickles I knew I need to make the trek up to try them for myself.
Around 2:30 on a Saturday, the place was pretty busy. The service was extremely friendly and you can see your sandwiches being made behind the counter. The owner seemed to know many folks from the neighborhood who came in the door and treated everyone like they were family.
We decided to eat in and it took quite a while to get our food but given the amount that was being churned out, we expected that. Noticing that we were waiting so patiently, we were provided a snack of focaccia and oil/vin dipping sauce to hold us over - a nice treat. 
I got the Dela Casa and the BF got the Italian but all of the options on the menu looked delicious. Watching the Kale Caesar being made had me rethinking my choice but both of our ordered sandwiches were great. The bread was to die for and the sandwiches were filled to the brim with meats and cheeses perfectly stuffed into their hoagie rolls. Hand pulled mozz on the Dela Casa really sold me but I admit, I had some sandwich envy after tasting that AMAZING Italian. The Brine Street pickle on the side was just as it should be - perfection.
I look forward to coming back and trying the Kale Caesar sandwich... or perhaps getting an Italian all for myself. Highly recommend.