Go here. Get the chicken shawarma or the falafel sandwich. Stock up on limes for cocktail hour later. Pick up some homemade hummus and pita. Pay a few bucks. Eat the sandwich. Praise the sisters. Five stars.For what is basically a convenience store, they do things right. Great american style fast food, a bangin' falafel sandwhich, and great home made (I think) humus.  Their pizza is surprisingly good, and priced right.This place gets it right.  Cheap bodega prices, but much better selection than your average convenience store.  Made to order food counter with a great variety of options.  A $2 egg sandwich is a good egg sandwich, even when it's a mediocre egg sandwich (excepting certain fast food joints).  The falafel sandwich was really good.  Haven't tried any other selections but I'd venture to guess everything is at least half decent and priced fairly, and that's just great.
Never sat upstairs in the balcony-style seating but it's on my random neighborhood to-do list.
Everybody that works here is always really nice.
It's worth noting that it's easy to park, usually right out front, any time of day or night.A god-send to the Fishtown area around the Berks subway station. Liberty Choice has almost anything you could think of in terms of grocery and carryout food and the prices are more than reasonable for a convenience store. Their kitchen serves up a wide variety of food. I would recommend the following things:
-Hoagies
They use Amoroso rolls with freshly sliced meats and cheeses from their deli case.
-Wings
Fresh NOT frozen wings are deep fried and then tossed in a spicy and tangy hot sauce. This is the way wings are supposed to made! 
-Falafel
Homemade and their best dish perhaps.
Liberty Choice fills a much needed role in our community and I encourage you to go support them!Liberty Choice is AMAZING. I can not give it higher praise. I live a few blocks away and have had only good experiences here. 
Their hot foods are incredible -- prices are super reasonable and the food is delicious. A falafel sandwich is $3.99 and an egg & cheese is $2.49. They also have a ton of vegan options. And they are open late! 
Their grocery selection is limited but I have always found everything I needed. They have good sales, and a lot of times they give out free seltzer if it is close to the expiration date. 
Their prepared foods are incredible as well, I love their hummus + their tortellini salads. 
Seriously stop in here! There is a ton of seating, both indoors and outdoors, and everyone who works there is kind. You will not be disappointed!My favorite place to go for a falafel, they make the best really well put together. The place in general is great high seating it's like a little mini market so after you order you can literally get what ever even Ice cream or tooth paste what ever floats your boat lol . Customer service is amazing too I don't know the cashiers name but she's really chill it's great !!Great neighborhood spot-- has everything you need, except for fresh produce, but they make up for it with their veggie cheesesteak (best in Philly, in my opinion).Ok, SOME might think this review is going to be biased because I work here...but its not. Trust me, I love this store-I used to come in to Liberty just about every other day to do some combination of eat, shop, and/or abuse their free WiFi.  When people come in for their first time they're usually thrown off by the sheer size of the place and their crazy selection of foods, I think people just expect another ghetto Corner Store, not a cool little restaurant/mini-market thats seriously on the come-up... they have everything from boxes of Ginger Snap Cookies on sale 2/$5 to BBQ Flavored Kettle Style Avocado Oil Potato Chips. They carry a small but usually good selection of your basic fresh fruits&veggies; they also have a frozen section that has a suprisingly HUGE selection of natural&organic stuff like Amy's and Morning Star Farms, and at least 10different flavors of Talenti (which you HAVE TO try if you haven't already)and the good old fashioned standby, Ben&Jerry's. 
There's tons of seating upstairs&down ...upstairs is my personal favorite because you can sit up there undisturbed&just chill&get your work done or talk with your friends while you eat,use your laptop, whatever .  Its also a GREAT meeting spot, there are regularly business lunch meetings going on at the larger longer tables, or different community meetings taking place....its a super convenient spot right next to the Berks EL stop&the #3 Bus line, everyone can get to it pretty easily
Now the food-The kitchen here is pretty great. The menu is HUGE. The pizza is made in a big old school brick oven, &people seriously actually come from all over the city for their Falafel Sandwiches...They are that good, they are the real deal. The Chicken Kabob Platter is my favorite right now-you get a HUGE serving of seasoned yellow rice with chunks of fresh marinated chicken breast on top&then a side of their homemade spicy hummus&a side of the fresh diced tomatoes&persian cucumbers that come with their falafel&kabob sandwiches PLUS 2 pieces of warm, fresh pita....omg...its heaven. All for about $10. You can eat-in, pick-up, or have your food delivered. In all seriousness, even before I worked here I thought this store was just Sheer Awesomeness.  The food is good quality for a good price with a great selection and, for the most part, great customer service :-) &listen, the golden rule of the restaurant&food service industry is that if the workers still eat there&like it, it really must be good...The chicken kebab platter is awesome. Also the Liberty choice special and the buffalo chicken steak are amazing too. Great people that work there, happy to live close byAmazing! I was a little skeptical after reading the other reviews about the service, but I had a great experience ordering pick up. I was told my food would be ready in 20 minutes and it was already done when I arrived (but was still hot!). When I went to pay, the cashier noticed that one of my items had a price written on it that was a dollar higher than it was supposed to be, so they fixed it accordingly. Not to mention the food was delicious!!!
I don't know why this place has so many bad reviews about service- the employees were all attentive and respectful, and I didn't have to wait for my food at all.
My favorite part was all the vegetarian options on the menu! There were veggie burgers, veggie cheesesteaks, and lots of falafel. There were a bunch of meat alternatives in the freezer section, too. Love this place!So my mom order 2 platters of crab legs and 6 shrimps its comes with corn potatoes and broccoli we waited an hour in a half for it for them to put one broccoli and one potato literally.I am in and out of this place constantly. The take out food is great, especially the Middle Eastern stuff, and the homemade hummus and grape leaves are awesome. They have Mexican Cokes and will deliver anything in the store (which is great when you need a breakfast sandwich, Gatorade and box of Alka-Seltzer). So, I'm pretty sold on the whole thing.The best mom and pop convenience store I have ever been to. Great and a bit random selection but you can get all your basic grocery needs. Food is way better than you would expect. Their falafel is one of the best in the city and their seafood is surprisingly delicious. Would not have risked it but a local strongly recommended it. Delivery is fast. Employees are very nice and helpful. Cheap cigarettes too.well-above-average falafel, hummus, (breakfast!) pizza, and cheesesteaks. fresh squeezed juices. 
huge grocery/convenience store selection, including shelf-stable stuff, drinks, frozen foods, dairy/eggs, some produce, and packaged prepared foods. I like the homemade pickles (turnips, cauliflower, cucumber, etc).
friendly staff
nice eating areas (I like to go upstairs by the window and watch TV)
Basically, it's always a pretty enjoyable experience here, and since I live close It's become my favorite place for last minute groceries and quick prepared food.
Wish they had a slightly nicer bread selection (it's just plain cheap white and wheat, plus some cheap bagels and a couple kinds of flatbreads), but it's all right for a convenience store.
They recently started stocking more "yuppy-friendly" food--expensive yogurts and some fancy cheese, other "fancier" items.
$10 minimum on credit cards
they sell tokens and take SNAP
They take suggestions on what they should stock--the owner told me if I had a request, to ask for the list to write it downHey, this spot is cool. Original feeling grocery store with more items than a corner one. Has a middle eastern flare. I like that it's under the El and brings more stuff to the historically-neglected area. Extra star for that.
As far as prepared food, I had the falafel sandwich. Great, moist, and large, too. Fresh tasting pita. Great baba ghanouj. But little things can go a long way--how about hand cut fries instead of frozen, for one?This place keeps getting better and better. They now share an outdoor garden pavilion (at the corner of Front and Norris)  with Five Sisters ice cream. This means that I will now be able to enjoy delicious falafel platter out there while I imbibe the juice from a freshly chopped open coconut and then even enjoy some delectable ice cream and cookies. I shall return with many friends and often!Falafel sandwich is amazing! Best $4 you can spend in fishtown, bar none. Also, solid selection of pantry items and international food.Everyone who works here is awesome!  All the food here is awesome!  Pancakes, falafel platter, breakfast pizza, chicken kebob over rice...Awesome!  Delivery till midnight... Awesome! Awesome to the max!
But seriously, this place is awesome!I've only had the falafel here, but it is pretty good. 
They serve it as a patty instead of balls, but that doesn't affect the falafel experience, imo. It comes with limited pickles and they can make it spicy for you. It's not the best falafel, but I will give this place five stars for the price and the location.  I like their seating area.  It's above the store and around the perimeter of the building,  so you can see down into the store or look out the windows at the el.   I recommend this place if you like falafel and you are not afraid of going under the el.This place would get five stars if it weren't for the ineptitude of the nighttime service. Always getting charged for things we never receive. Just got hung up on after the third inquiry of where what we ordered was...two hours after ordering it. Damn shame cause the food is delicious.So I finally went back to Liberty Choice!   My boyfriend likes it there because it's very affordable and he loves the falafel.  My first experience was fine, but I wasn't as into the falafel as he was.  It just didn't quite hit the spot for me.
Well now we live in Fishtown and can actually walk there so I'm very happy to say I LOVE the Kefta!  I actually ordered the Kefta and Falafel sandwich, but they made a mistake and gave me just the Kefta.  I told them I was a totally fine with it and it actually made things a bit cheaper for me.
It was so good I can't even explain.  Kefta with everything and spicy.  Get it.  I'm excited to go back and try a little more there.  They have a very popular pizza deal and though I haven't heard that the pizza is anything incredible it's a really good deal and suppose to be at the very least good.   Hope so!Food was good, timely delivery. Although whoever answered the phone put us on hold like 8 times, multiple being during reading off a phone number and card numbers.I stopped by Liberty Choice market for lunch, and the felafel sandwich with hummus was awesome! The price was right too! I know I'll be back for more! 
Although I didn't buy anything from the market area- they carry a wide range of nonperishable food and drinks, They also have some fruits and veggies which I'd probably only buy in a pinch.I REALLY tried to like that place. One rest room was out of order the other one had no soap, no toilet paper and no paper towels. Should the customers bring their own? I had a falafel platter, missing the pickle, the salad was stale or may be it was vintage like the decor upstairs, falafel tasted like.. NOTHING. Cashier was pretty much a rude nutcase.Great falafel, great hummus. Super fast delivery and awesome customer service! So happy this place exists!I also stopped here on my door-to-door crusade with Hipster Girl. 
Got myself pizza and fries which were both great. Very nice staff. Also very fond of the upstairs seating.
They also deliver, by the way!Every time I'm in North Philly I come here and order a spicy falafel. It is next level delicious.For a year the coffee was on sale for $2.99 a can. Sweet!!!  They also have a pretty good grocery selection overall. I dig it. There's a little dessert island with baklava as well as banana pudding with vanilla wafer cookies. And once, just once, I had the Vegan Shawarma delivered. It was heaven on earth. Now, every time I call they only have regular Shawarma. Please make more Vegan Shawarma!!!!  PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE!!!  Seriously, please.  
Anyway, it's close to the el near the Berks stop & they're open pretty late so that's good as well.This brand-new addition to Fishtown opened last week near the Berks el stop, and I've already eaten there three times.  Yes, it's a massive convenience store, but walk to the back and you'll find a full Middle Eastern menu.  This friendly Palestinian extended family makes the BEST hummus I've had in Philadelphia (and possibly even in New York), decorated with spices, high-quality olive oil, fresh lemon juice, and whole chickpeas.  I've also had the falafel, which is outstanding, and the grilled kefta kebab platter.  The latter came with rice and lentils, a tahini-parsley sauce, fresh chopped salad, and feta-- which isn't on the menu, but the proprietor remembered that I'd asked for feta on my sandwich last week and gave me some.  So thoughtful!  Many items come sprinkled with a proprietary spice mix which I'm told is shipped in from home-- it really lends a unique flavor.  These friendly folks will even hand you a falafel ball (fresh from the fryer, yet grease-free) to try while you wait. Seating is abundant, and prices are very reasonable.  Everything's halal.
They also serve deli sandwiches and pizza, but those are going to have to wait, because the Palestinian homestyle food is way too delicious to pass up.  This is a hidden gem.  They're open late and planning to offer delivery service soon.  I've just met these folks, but their genuine warmth and incredible skill in the kitchen have made me a cheerleader-- I want this place to succeed not only because I like them but because I don't ever want to live without their food now that I've tried it.I love this place.
The food is great, it's ready fast, and it's priced right.  I've had pizza, cheese steaks and breakfast sandwiches from here but I come most often for the falafel and shawarma sandwiches.  Get them spicy with the works and you've got yourself a solid sandwich under $5.  There's also a great selection of homemade hummus and desserts that are worth trying.Great Mini Market!!! Has great take out food, their hummus is the Best I ever had!! I jones for their hummus!! They have everything from organic to gluten free and even Goya products! If they don't carry it just mention to Kenny or Eddie and they will have it on the shelf in a few days!!! Plus they deliver all the way to kensington and Somerset which makes me a very happy Kenzo!Total hidden gem! If you're craving falafel this is your place. My go to is falafel with feta extra spicy with the works. The pickles veggies are clutch the hummus creamy you can't go wrong. We tried the pizza and that was not their strong suit. Definitely call ahead with your order otherwise you could wait a little while.Shwarma is solid - a little on the saltier side but the sauce they use helps offset the saltiness. Price is great and they deliver which is a plus. Only complaint is I wish the customer service were a bit friendlier, I often times find that it's a test of my patience whenever I call in an order.Best falafel I've ever had. Seriously. I haven't tried anything else from the kitchen because I always want the falafel. I've also taken home their tasty hummus.
The groceries are everything I'd want from a corner store and then some. They take customer suggestions, and are always expanding their selection of gluten-free, vegetarian, organic, and middle eastern items. 
And the people who work there, especially the ladies at the front counter, are exceptionally friendly. Love this place!My favvvvvvorite. 
I'm basically obsessed with their chicken kabob sandwiches (get it with everything and spicy for the full experience), but really everything i've ever had from their grill is delicious and wonderful. I don't think I've ever had anything from here that I didn't like.
They're also a pretty sizable market that has a pretty extensive selection of items (my boyfriend & I often find random things here we are missing when we're cooking dinner) that are both your run of the mill sort of junk food & soda stuff but also a ton of healthy stuff. They're also the only place in the area I can find a stocked cold case of a variety of Vintage seltzer waters. 
We're too close to Liberty Choice to get delivery, but they will deliver - not just food from the grill but anything you need from the store. Staff are super duper friendly and will smile and make conversation with you while you wait or get rung up. 
Open til midnight on weeknights which is really nice when you're getting back from somewhere late and want a quick bite (though they do tend to close their kitchen before the advertised time so I'd get orders in before 11:30pm).A huge corner store with everything you need and get ready, it's isn't overpriced. I got an 18 pack of Maxwell House K cups for 7.99! Not too bad. They have delicious hummus and new coconut hummus! I haven't tried it yet but I'm sure it's good. Their pita chips are yummy and cheap too. Upstairs seating as well!Best falafel in the area and very reasonable.
Also has a solid supply of middle eastern specialties. 
Great place, go there now!!!Liberty choice is awesome. The food is all pretty solid, and they excel at the falafel sandwich and the chicken kabob sandwich, and their homemade hummus and pita chips are great too. I haven't ordered anything from them that I haven't liked. The prices can't be beat, and their kitchen and delivery people are pretty quick. The store has a good selection of grocery and convenience store items (I sometimes find things that Superfresh doesn't have), which they will deliver along with your food if you ask them to. You can park on the street, and there is a fixture you can lock your bike to in front of the store. They're open until midnight on most nights, which is pretty sweet.
One issue I have is that, lately (end of 2014, beginning of 2015), they have gotten my order wrong multiple times. I've been frequenting them for 2 1/2 years and never had this problem until the last few months. I don't know if they're just busier, or their menu changed, or they changed staff, but I'd say 1 out of 5 orders they've been getting something wrong. Not usually anything that major, but still frustrating when I pay for the food, bring it home, and it turns out I didn't get what I thought I was paying for. I order a chicken cheesesteak, they give me a regular cheesesteak. I ask for no pickles, I get pickles. I ask for a pizza described on their menu as having peppers and fried onions, I get the pizza with no peppers and no onions. Oops.
My only other complaint is that, if you want to close the kitchen 30-40 minutes before you close the store, then say that on the menu. If a restaurant's menu says they're open until midnight, then you shouldn't be told at 11:25 that you can't order food for pickup. If you want to close the kitchen at 11:30, then on the menu please just write the kitchen hours.
I hope that if they're reading this, they consider taking those two things into account. That aside, Liberty Choice is definitely worth going to. Routinely. The staff is friendly, I like the store, the food is all good quality, and their prices are great. It's a valuable asset to the neighborhood, I'm there frequently and I highly recommend it to everyone despite my small gripes. Also there's a new ice cream place next store that sells Bassett's ice cream, which is great to have in the neighborhood if you don't like the bizarre and disgusting flavors sold at Little Baby's.Excellent place with delicious falafel. Cannot stop going back for more. Plus, an excellent grocery store to boot. Complete with coffee lounge area (coffee is standard, but I wouldn't come here for just coffee), booths, and newspapers for skimming. Lots of great food on the menu that I haven't made my way through yet, but the great reviews about their falafel are indeed true. They are big, filling, and the price is right.Their homemade hummus is to die for and is so cheap! I've only had their take out Foods such as tabouli, hummus, and Arabic salad but all of them were delicious and affordable. You can find a lot of healthy deals here but they also have a great variety of sweets for a steal as well.This place is amazing. Great service, great prices, great selection, and excellent food. 
Quick story : A person called in and was really rude to the staff (I was waiting for my food and overheard it all). The owner/main cook got on the phone tried to cool the person down and they were still yelling on the phone, he offered to replace the missing sandwich from the delivery and they still yelling at him. He straight up told them that he is delivering their money back to them and doesn't want their business because they were unreasonable and rude. 
In a country where "the customer is always right" even when they are not, it is nice to see someone defend his crew.I wandered in to LIberty Choice looking for some snacks and a beverage when I hopped off the Berks El and noticed the massive kitchen and deli in the back.  Oh my god, they have fresh ground falafel pressed into balls and fried up fresh to order, utterly divine.  On top of that, their hummus is made fresh throughout the day and they have an amazing selection of fresh, tasty and extremely affordable foods ranging from breakfast fare all the way to Middle Eastern cuisine.  This place is amazing, hands down. The folks running it are really nice and obviously take pride in their establishment.
The market aspect is quite good as well, with many staple items as well as some more interesting goodies to try out (the Lebanese apple soda was amazing for instance).
There is ample seating both ground floor as well as in the upstairs loft area and they offer free Wi-Fi to boot.  Even more amazing is that they are open from 7am to midnight 7 days a week (and as long as the store is open, so is the kitchen.)  Soooo glad they opened up, the neighborhood needed a late-night stop for both fresh food and groceries.Best frickin' falafel in Philly! Also the people who work there are super nice, and they have a ton of other great household items and groceries.Stopped by here after dropping off a friend for a quick place to eat. A true hidden treasure! I am Middle Eastern and I can verify the chicken shawarma and hummus are amazing! Would definitely return if I am in the area again. Quick service, great food, affordable, and friendly staff.Best falafel, hummus and homemade pita chips. They also cater! Staff and service is great. I recommend calling in your order if you don't have the time to wait, especially during the lunch rush.Liberty Choice market has been a great benefit to the community over the past several years. The stock an interesting array of necessities and specialty food products and takeout is reliably decent. Owners and staff are friendly and helpful. The store is clean and well organized. Takeout food, especially the falafel, is good. I wish they would expand the deli section and add more fresh foods but am very glad to have them in the neighborhood.This place is ok. I'd give it a better rate if it just got its act together. The location is prime, right off the berks stop. And now that the Blue Line (another so-so market) this closed, this place is a go too. The thing is that Liberty Choice is a mix bag. Kinda great, kinda so-so... And kinda smells, this place is in need of a make over!We've ordered take out from here many times and it's great! Amazing falafel and hummus! Very friendly and fast service and you can also order anything from the grocery store to be delivered. Everything is made in-house and one of our local favorites.I only wish I had found out about this place sooner. I have been there five times already in the past two weeks. Their grocery selection is very good as is their prepared food. I also appreciate the friendly service and excellent hours.I've only been here once so far, but it's a cool place and I plan to go again.  On a suggestion I got the falafel with baba ganoush and tabouli.  I liked it, but to be totally honest I wasn't blown away or anything.  I think I prefer slightly crispier falafel.
But regardless the place itself was nice and doesn't seem super well known about so you can grab stuff quickly and find a table upstairs easily.  I want to try other things on the menu because the falafel was good just wasn't totally the style I like.I've been going to this place for more than a year now, ever since I moved into the area. The food is exceptional (particularly the falafel and the chicken kebab sandwich), and it has a good selection of food, snacks, cleaning supplies, drinks, etc. Very friendly staff, perfect to eat-in, and a welcome addition to the area's grub options.we moved to the hood about two months ago, and we go to Liberty Choice at least thrice weekly.
the wares they sell reflect the changing diversity of the neighborhood - a large selection of Goya canned and dry goods, and a large selection of Chobani yogurt, some fancy cheese, birthday cakes (?) and a small selection of fresh produce. This place is enormous, and i've rarely been disappointed in what they have (though tonight i went in hoping for some baker's chocolate, but i realize that may have been unrealistic expectation). 
they also have great housemade hummus and handmade pita chips (usually temptingly arranging near the cash register), and of course, a full kitchen making the most bitchin' falafel wrap ever. the falafel when it is good is AMAZING, however it has a tendency to be uneven -  sometimes mediocre (like it was tonight). still, even mediocre Liberty Choice falafel is better than 99% of what's available in our neighborhood. it is very reasonably priced - $5.50 for the wrap, $7.99 for the platter, which includes a massive portion of fries. 
great location (right on the way to Berks El stop). great hours (open every day until midnight!). $10 on credit cards, below $10 they charge you an extra 50 cents. they no longer sell tokens (boo). they have a large balcony seating area above the main floor with some sparse tables and chairs if you want to eat in. 
staff seems to be a large extended family. they are all really nice folks.Great friendly speedy service they also make deliveries they have every thing you would find at your local mini market plus more they make the best falafel in the city and the rest of there food is amazing making a order from liberty's is never a bad ideathe super wal-mart of corner stores!!  affordable hot food and delivery too!This is one huge convenient store. You can pick up some groceries and snacks here or order hot food in the back. The chicken cheesesteak was basic, but filled me up when I was starving. It is nice they have seating in there in case you want chill out for a bit. I will probably return when I am up this way again and try their falafel.Liberty Choice is such a gem, and super convenient to the Berks El Stop. They have everything and if they don't you can request it and usually it will show up. My favorite items are the falafel sanwich, chicken pita, and hummus. Staff are always friendly and welcoming.well, i went to Liberty Choice tonight and they now have baker's chocolate. all my wishes have been fulfilled! 
they recently rearranged to add more wealthy white people food....can you smell the gentrification coming?
Falafel wraps remain, as always, frickin' amazing.delicious falafel and hummus. the cooks are from the middle east. a plethora of veg/gluten free/organic options. personable staff. faaaabbulous. ;)It's a shame, when they first opened the food was out of the ball park, but now they have these women running it, and got rid of the original people, Deuce Wally, Ennis and they do not cater to the customer, they have no pride in the food they prepare for you! It's a real shame, they have all the potential of having a very respected business but they do NOT respect the customer or care what food they serve them. I have never in my life met people who do NOT have pride in what they do - they act like they are doing you the customer a Favor - it's sad - this use to be my spot everyday lunch and dinner and now I dread running in for even a pack of cigarettes! -Not your average convenience store! Good food for a one stop shop. Friendly staff. The best part is they deliver. Not much better than breakfast delivered to your door after a late night.I'd have to say I'm impressed by the food coming from a market. I got a random menu in my mailbox awhile ago and stuffed it in my drawer. From all the reviews and taking a look at the menu I decided to go with the falafel platter and the chicken shawarma sandwich. Both were really tasty. The women was super nice on the phone and delivery was really fast. I'll be ordering again.Falafel is VERY good. Nice selection of grocery items. Hummus is good (even better with the delicious homemade garlic pita chips). Girls at the check out are very nice.Their falafel is good, BUT ...
Their service is terrible. I've called in several orders to Liberty and they are NEVER finished when I arrive. It could be 30min-1hr after I call in, and sure enough the cooks are sitting around chit-chatting without any orders completed. 
There's always a line of people waiting, and when I walk up to the clerk, she scrambles to find my order; which is no where to be found. The cooks slowly gather their motivation and even more slowly attempt to make my food. A dish that has time and again proven to do more cleaning of my colon than filling of my stomach.
I've had it with Liberty Choice! 
Go to Falafel Hummus on Girard, instead.Falafel sandwich was so good! If I had eaten something at all in the morning, it would've been too much food. Get the "spicy" and "with pickles" option.Best falafel ever!!! So bummed I don't live in the area anymore, I miss this place! They have homemade hummus, and pita, and the spicy falafel is seriously amazing. It's so perfect for a late dinner that you want to-go, and it's also a convenience store so you can get almost anything else while you're there. The employees are really nice too. Great philly spot.Great corner store that has almost anything you might need. I just try to get in and out as soon as humanly possible, because no matter how short of a visit I make, my hair and clothes end up smelling like their kitchen. Any products I buy smell like the kitchen- like burnt fried food - and every time I touch these items in my house, my hands smell. I try to tuck my hair up into a hat when I dash in. There's got to be something wrong - improper ventilation?Love this place- their food pick up is reliable, tasty and consistent. The sisters always are so friendly and easy to check out with. The store has so many healthy options. Discovered that I really like drinking vinegar here. Their produce is also really good, the best grapes always. I like their cookies and the ice cream shop is a summer staple.I'm always eating the same take out/delivery type of foods, so last night I was in the mood for something different.  My neighbor ate there and liked it, but I am painfully honest and picky when it comes to food.  Foods that are low on flavor or blooming with "heartburn" as a flavor, or use crappy chicken that is more sinew than chicken.   We got the Chicken Kabob Platter Kefta Kabob Platter.  Neither of us had Kefta before and I wanted something I never had. (I never had the Chicken Kabob either). Both platters came with a generous amount of yellow rice mixed with spices with sides of Hummus and mixed vegetables.  Nothing I ate tasted like the food I historically expected...the mixed vegetables had Pizzazz!!!! The Hummus was singing sexy songs in my mouth...The Kefta Kabobs (ground meat mixed with seasonings/not spicy at all)  was the head of the parade in my mouth.  Dipping this and that in the Hummus, which HAS to be homemade...smooth.
The portions per price are awesome.  We both have leftovers today which when heated up in the microwave, are just as tasty as they were yesterday!!! So another tasty flavor party .  Oh, and just to add to the awesomeness...they Deliver that party to my door!  
I have never had a Falafel or Baba Ghanouj, so I look forward to trying all my firsts out of their restaurant., as well as Arabian-Style Mashed Potatoes (Kareya) {has garlic, lemon juice and olive oil...). I mean, how can you not want to eat such awesome food!!!Great little market.  I just moved to the area and went in there more out of emergency for something than anything else, and was really pleasantly surprised.  It's inexpensive and they have quite a bit of selection as well as great prepared foods.Im glad to have this stop near my new home. Ive lived in the area and frequented some in the past couple years.  However, since moving closer to it, and the Berks el station being my new stop Im so glad for this market.
I've noticed with the neighborhood growth, this place is getting better.  The daytime cashier is always super friendly.  Also, their homemade humus is among the best in the city, really.I love having this weird little gem in the neighborhood.
The staff are friendly and kind, the market is well stocked and has a surprisingly large vegetarian/vegan selection.
The spicy falafel sandwich is delicious.  SO GOOD SO CHEAP.i've been going to liberty choice for like 8 years. i love it dearly. even when it had health code violations, i still remained a loyal customer. but for the love of gourd, please, can someone who runs this place enforce employees wearing their masks????! newsflash: walking around the entire store with your mask down and then pulling it up last second when you see a customer is NOT GOOD ENOUGH. the employees could be asymptomatic carriers, and in that case would be spreading their viral load all around the store all day every day. i'm still giving 3 stars because i really do love this business but dear lord PLEASE start taking this deadly pandemic a little more seriously. shamefulGreat neighborhood corner store with authentic Mediterranean food; it's a life savor for the lazy and confusing evenings:)))Their falafel is out of control. Great food and wonderful staff. AND they have almond milk FTW.The chicken on my chicken and falafel platter was cooked perfectly with a little char but a lot of flavor. The rice wasn't anything special, but the amount of hummus, falafel, chicken, and salad you get is a pretty good deal. Pita was warm and soft. The stuffed grape leaves had leaves that were a bit thick, but they tasted pretty average and were bite sized. As a restaurant and corner store, there are a lot of options at reasonable prices, plus they are family owned so I will be supporting this place more often, especially if they keep up the good work!DO NOT EAT HERE!!!!!! This restaurant doesn't care about customer service. I ordered a Cheesesteak pizza on the phone. When I picked it up and brought it home, there were no onions or peppers on the pizza. I called the store, and the young woman who worked at the front counter informed me I had a wrong menu. She told me if I brought  the pizza back she would take care of me..
When I got back to the store the young lady gave me the updated menu and asked the chef to add onions and peppers. Me, personally if I would have worked there and was in that situation, I would have offered a brand new pizza.
What does this chef do...he cooks onions and peppers on the grille and puts it into a separate container then gives me the original pizza back. I asked him to at least sprinkle the onions and peppers on the pizza and put it back in the oven.. His response "it's sliced already". Then proceeds to look at me like I'm crazy...
Please do not give them your business - the way the chef handled this situation was completely unacceptable!!!!! It was as if I bothered the guy!This place is great!! Hands down. It is better than Al Zaytouna in Center City.  It is 1000 times better than Al Sham on Bustleton and Harbison/Knorr.  Look. I'm Middle Eastern and I was born and raised in the U.S.  The Falafel is the best in town.  The sandwiches are authentic.  The platters are huge.  They could be a bit smaller if you ask me. I hate to waste food.  So....if you want great Middle Eastern food you must try it and I'm sure you will love it.  Now, as far as the looks of the place, they could be better BUT I would sacrifice the looks for quality food any day.  This place is clean.  Don't be afraid.  The restaurant is the back of the grocery store.  Everything is in the open so you can see what's going on in the kitchen.  Now the rest of the menu, I have no idea.  I am just writing about the Falafel, Kifta, and the shish-taouk/chicken.  So do yourself a favor and try it.So convenient! Large menu, great falafel, awesome selection, and super friendly staff!The cashier charged me $20 for a $10.99 bag of dog food today. Didn't even notice until I got home. I'd stay away.Had the vegan shawarma platter. It was quite delicious. Homemade hummus with spicy sauce, cucumber salad, pickled turnips, all great. To have found a place near my house that has tofu shawarma is so wonderful. And the woman who cooks in the back is awesome. 
Grab some dry goods while you're there. I did.