Horrible slow service order 2 hours in advance maybe it will arrive when u want I will never order from againTook an hour and 45 minutes for delivery (when grub hub quoted 45 minutes) and when the food arrived it was FREEZING. I like the little Italy on 9th and South, but will not be ordering from this location again.Great neighborhood spot in a pinch when you got a hankering for a good slice, but not quite like the ny pop-in quality....The pizza SUCKS.  Ive tried it 3 times now hoping something else was going on.  Just awful.  Today my bf ordered some before I came by.  I took a bite of the greasiest pizza Ive ever had.  The dough tasted sour but also tasteless somehow.  
Because it was so bad I KNEW he got it from there.  I even went to him and asked "is the  from Little Italy" and he said "yeah why?" we both started laughing cuz he knew I could tell how gross it was.
The other food is fair.  Salads are big.I have to say that I was really surprised with their pizza and salads. I initially ordered because I had a coupon to use and was surprised at the quality of their pizza. Its think and chewy with the perfect amount of cheese, sauce and ingredients. Their salads are fresh and generous, ideal to share between 2-3 people as an appetizer. They are always quick and delicious and will deliver in less than 30 minutes a hot pizza. Its the perfect neighborhood spot for great pizza!One of the top 10 things to happen in Queen Village in the past few years. Quality pizza made by hard-working, community-minded people, of the Marra's family.  Aside from the addictive Grandma's Sicilian pizza, Little Italy's standard thin crust pies are a big cut above most other pizza in the area.  I'm also a huge fan of their chicken parmesan, made with a really nice thick and tasty red sauce.Very good sauce.  The Grandma Sicilian style square was out of this world,with amazing flavor and pie-dough like crispy and flaky crust. I enjoyed the e d pieces. They have all of the gourmet style pizzas for you,available by the slice for around three dollars a slice I highly recommend the Grandma or even a pepperoni slice here. Must be related to the original Little Italy on south and 9th St. Both are really good, this one is a little more tucked back in Queen Village south of South Street, but worth the stroll for some bomb authentic pizza flavors.I was surprised the ratings are not higher for this place.  We had a traditional as well as a white pizza and all four people in my party loved them both.  The meatball sub was excellent too- roll was toasted near perfectly.  The only thing that was not a hit were the buffalo wings - but we just don't care for breaded wings.  I'll definitely order delivery again from here.Called and ordered 4 large pizzas for a party; I was told 45 minutes to pick it up. Walked there an hour after ordering to be told it would be another hour plus to get my pizzas. No apologies and no cares. Had to cancel and order elsewhere. Will never go back.I wish I could get my money back. This place was such a mistake. Awful, terrible experience. A personal pizza and a side salad for delivery 0.5 miles away took an hour and a half!? 
My pizza arrived cold (actually had to reheat it in the oven) and has absolutely no flavor. Oh and it wasn't even cheap! $20 for cafeteria quality food. Literally just wasted $20. The staff is really friendly but that's the ONLY pro of this place. This is not the first time the delivery took an unacceptable amount of time. I gave them the benefit of the doubt that perhaps that first time was a fluke but I will absolutely never order from this place again and sadly would not advise anyone else to -- It's certainly not worth the wait for seriously sub par food and service.Slow delivery meant all food cold upon arrival - both eat24 and the restaurant not helpful during tracking process- no thank you ever againThis is the BEST PIZZA I HAVE EVER EATEN! The restaurant is clean comfortable and the employees are very nice. I ordered delivery as well and it came in 30 mins! 
LOVE LOVE LOVE THIS PLACE! Thanks Little Italy Pizza!!!I moved from next to Little Italy 1 to 2. I think this place is more consistently good, and I live the staff.Ordered a few times and always have been satisfied. Love the chicken cheesesteak. Love the broccoli tomato ricotta pizza. Buffalo chicken Stromboli had too much cheese. Appetizer sampler had plain chicken wings instead of fingers so I didn't eat them.  Tomato pie was pretty good too. Five stars- even though it's not the best, it's good, and because the delivery is always super fast, they're nice, and prices are really reasonable.Don't bother. It's all about the money and not establishing relationships with the local families. Pizza is okay and having it in the neighborhood is a good thing but these people only care about the dollar. I won't be returning after having had a very unpleasant experience there.I'm not usually a review person unless I'm super impressed or super turned off. This place deserves credit where credit is due. They have it down. Their sandwiches are amazing. Pizza is great. Salads are awesome. Everything is just so good, every time. On top of that, they get here so fast! Last two times we ordered they got here in under 30 min. The last time I was even confused as to who could be at the door, not even thinking it could possibly be our food already. We order from this place all the time, and will continue to do so. This is our official go to spot. Living in south Philly, it takes a long time to sift through all the hundreds and hundreds of corner pizza shops, and we have finally found a spot we will stick to from now on. I should also mention how great they are with modifications and special instructions. Nothing has ever been wrong! Way to go guys, keep up the good work! (Shout out from Annin street! You know who we are! )They are our "go to" place when we don't feel like cooking. Excellent pizza and sandwiches! Sometimes the order gets a little wonky when you add something to a sandwich... but other than that they are absolutely wonderful! We get both take out and delivery and have always been quite satisfied.  There are some issues with consistency (the sandwiches being exactly the same every time), but it's nothing to fret over.
Garlic knots - amazing
Vegetale sandwich - amazing
Pesto Chicken sandwich - amazing
Chicken cheese steak & pizza - all amazing
Highly recommend.This is my favorite takeout place in my neighborhood. Their wings are consistently good and I really like the sauce they use on their pizza. Their prices are also fair. I order through grubhub and sometimes delivery takes a little longer than is estimated which can be frustrating, but if you call and place your order over the phone they're a lot faster. I'd definitely recommend trying their vodka sauce as well...you won't regret it.This is the best take out pizza I have had in the city so far. It's nothing to get crazy about, but it's a solid pizza.
Delivery took about an hour. Prices are good.
No complaints.I placed an order on seamless at 7:30pm.  Estimated delivery time was 45-55 min.  My order tracker quoted 8:40-8:50... okay fine.  at 9:00pm I call the store - the driver is out and you are first.  Driver shows up at 9:30 and calls me to tell me that he is out front. Too lazy to even come deliver it to my door.  Food was just okay, definitely not worth the 2 hours wait.  I won't be ordering from here again.Finally a great pizza place in Queen Village!    Crispy crust, perfect melted cheese and quality toppings.   Plus they are super friendly and really fast.   Will be going back often.This review is based on an experience that took place after a snow storm on a Saturday night.  I ordered 2 pizzas at 6:58 PM - they did not arrive until 10:00 PM.  When placing the order the estimated wait time was 45-60 minutes.  After an hour and 15 minutes I called to get an updated status and they were pretty rude and not friendly at all just told me that my order was first out on the next run.  The pizza did not arrive for another hour and 45 minutes.  I understand they were probably crazy busy and the driver probably had a ton of stops in the snow but if an order for pizza is going to take THREE hours the customer needs to be warned or at least given an explanation.  If it was a driver issue I would have walked over there if they provided any communication at all.  This was always a good option as a neighborhood pizza place but I will no longer be ordering from them.I'm not mad, I'm just disappointed. Everytime I order delivery from here I say never again. This time, I mean it.  If you do order delivery, which I highly do not reccomend, just add an hour to the estimated delivery time. When I called and asked where my food was and if I could get a discount on the order for the tardiness, I was told I could get 10% off my next order. Cool, I get 2 dollars off an future order. Useless. I must say the food is pretty good, but NEVER AGAIN.The best Pizza in Philly. After moving back here from NYC my biggest concern was where I was going to get good pizza locally. Found this place online when at my sister's in queen village. Because of the high rating my boyfriend and I walked right over and ordered half plan half pep and we were inlove a short time later. Haha, the pizza definitely made it into our top pick and the rest is history! If you want the real deal, good sauce, good cheese and the perfect crust, order or even stop in. It's quick and the best in downtown Philly for sure .Food is ok. Pasta is horrible, cheeseburgers are horrible. I never had their pizza but heard it was decent. I usually order their grilled chicken creaser salad. The 1 star is thanks to the rude girl that works at the front and answered the phone on March 9th around 6:45pm. I ordered on eat24.com and picked cash payment... I love ordering online because you see exactly what you will get and how much the total is and what you're paying for. My total came up to $18.25 and when the delivery guy came the bill was $22 something. It's a $4 difference which is NOT A LOT OF MONEY, I KNOW... But I ordered with someone and they were paying for our food.... I knew exactly how much to have to cover the bill and the tip. The girl on the phone argued with me and gave me attitude. I told her I order from them all the time and I get the same thing almost every time.. I know the total. And she said "OK?" .... I asked the driver to take a picture of my online receipt to show that I wasn't trying to lie. Nice going. Doesn't seem like you like your job too much.. Maybe shouldn't work there. Drives customers like me away. Will be looking for a new salad place.I wish I didn't feel compelled to write this review because I have been patronizing this company since they opened their first location at 9th and South. Tonight I went to their website to place an online pickup order at the 4th and Queen location. Instead, my order was routed to the 9th and South location through the the Yelp/24eats app. What should have been a 1/2 block walk became a 15 block ordeal (30 blocks round trip) in sub-freezing weather. Both locations acknowledged the problem with the app as an ongoing issue, but not a single person at either location offered me so much as a simple apology for my inconvenience, time wasted, and/discomfort. It's sad to see a locally-owned business care so little about the neighbors that they serve.Stopped in Little Italy for a quick slice while downtown. The shop is nice and clean and the guy working the counter was nice. I ordered a plain and a sausage slice with a soda. Not a bad deal for $6.00. The pizza itself was just okay, nothing to rave about. The cheese was a bit on the greasy end. The crust was thin and crispy. Overall a decent slice but not great. I would probably stop back in if I were in the area.Best chicken parm Sammy I've had in years I truly feel blessed for having the oppirtuniry to eat this. Truly blessed.The pizza and garlic knots are delicious! I live a few blocks from this pizza shop and I pick up a pizza from here about once per week - it's always so good and the staff is friendly.  It's one of my favorite pizza shops in Philly. I haven't tried much of their other menu items so can't comment on those.I usually ordered and paid online. The pizzas were always hot and ready to pick up.  I had ordered couple different gourmet pizzas and a white pizza. They were all so delicious.This was my first time ordering from here even though it's so close to home. I ordered the chef salad and it was great. Lots of cheese and meat. Well worth the price!One of the best gluten free pizza I had since I became gluten free. They also provided plastic pizza cutter and pizza was in Aluminum Plate !!! I would definitely ordered from here again. My husband who is not gluten sensitive enjoyed pizza too, he said if I didn't tell him it was GF he couldn't even tell!!!My husband and I live down the street from this place and we love coming here for a slice of pizza.  It's a great addition to the neighborhood.  The staff is always friendly and polite.  The pizza is thin, crispy and delicious.  I wish their plain pizza had a bit more sauce, but that's just a personal preference.We order from here often, but we stopped in with our two year-old after the park. Upon ordering a plain slice and confirming that, yes, it is for the kiddo, they sent it out cut up (also asked first) and cool to the touch.
Touché!Love this place!! My boyfriend and I always order pizza, wings, and ceasar salad. Very good and I'm from North Jersey/ NYC so I am picky with my pizza! I also love their chicken dish meals for dinner. They are so good and large portions so I always have left overs. Glad this place is close by!VERY slow delivery, so bad that it never showed up, and they closed their store, they were 5 min away and had 2 hours to deliver. When I called he said it will be there any minute. I DO NOT recommend this place unless you are trying to get your food "next day delivery"
Give Napoli Pizza a call, they are open later and delivered in 20 minI stopped in one day for a slice because I was in the area & needed a quick bite. The place is clean,  the decor is nice & the slice was great.  I have started ordering from there since then & I am always happy with my choices. Always get pizza which has a great sauce with fresh basil & a nice snap when you bite it! I've had salads & appetizers too and have not been disappointed. The only complaint is that  they are usually late but the food is hot when they get here so it's not the end of the world.I have been a frequent customer who has ordered here for delivery dozens of times and the pizza is usually solid: crisp with good sauce and cheese...
...but I just had a terrible, extremely disappointing experience which should serve as a cautionary tale: I went in with 15 cardboard cut-outs that you get one at a time when you order pizza from them (15 can be redeemed for a free pizza). I never seek redemptions like that but thought this time would be fun to show up and get something earned through many purchases (well over $150 including delivery tips). The front counter guy took the 15 cut-outs, went back and then another guy from the back appeared and asked if I wanted to redeem them now. I said yes, and he replied, you only have 14. My wife and two other people can confirm I had 15 when I went in. Would you believe he palmed one just to not pay out a single lone pizza to a loyal customer? Wow. Just wow.
Oh well, I really liked their pizza, but I hate liars even more. And if you feel your business should be valued by a restaurant I urge you to do what I plan to: never order from them again. What a pity.I just ordered here for the first time via GrubHub. I was looking for Gluten Free pizza. What I received was inedible. The crust was compltely soggy and the pizza warm not hot. 
Looking from the reviews the regular pizza seems good but if you are looking for Gluten free, don't get it from here.Order here quite often and never had a bad experience until this evening! Ordered our pizza at 7:00pm, called at 8:20 to see where the pizza was. Was told by the manager that it was just sent out 7 minutes earlier. But still no pizza, 10 minutes later! Finally, the driver calls because he was given the incorrect apartment number. The pizza was delivered cold after 1 1/2 hours and wrong, requested white pizza, got margarita!  
I phoned the manager and her first response was to offer to heat it up!!!!  Then offered to send a new one. Not an option. Then offered a credit for the order but never took my name, only said they would remember my address! Of course, it's probably the wrong address!  Poor service recovery!great place - my go to for good, cheap pizza.  sometimes have tendency to pull out the pizza's early when busy - i usually ask them to cook it well done.These guys should be in jail for impersonating to know how to make a pizza and highway robbery. I ordered a Margarita Pizza with a side of anchovies along with 6 chicken wings. The pizza tasted like they bought a frozen store brand and let it defrost. The sauce had little taste, I don't know how they sliced the  mozzarella so thin it looked like they painted on the pizza, with very little flavor. The wings were the the smallest wings I ever saw. They charged me $3.50 for the anchovies that never came. They also charge  $1.75 for delivery. No stars for this place.Pickup is ready in under 20 mins and the food is delicious! Everything we've had has been excellent. The hot sandwiches I believe are on sarcones rolls, can't beat that. Definitely are go-to neighborhood place.This is your quintessential corner pizza shop.  Literally, it's on a corner.  Also, they make some kick ass slices.
We've got plenty of gourmet pizza in Philadelphia but something I was lacking was the neighborhood spot where I can roll in and get a great NY style slice.  I've found it and they have two locations!
I got one plain and one with eggplant and basil.  The plain was perfect, just like I remembered from my childhood when I would ride my bike to my local pizza shop, play video games and eat slices.  Even though I don't live around NYC anymore, I still ride a bike and still love a good slice of pizza.  This place is my new jam.
The sauce wasn't too sweet, slightly tangy and when I picked up the slice, it didn't flop down like a wet sock.  My requirements have been met.
Bonus: They were speaking lots of Italian in here which is fun since I have a place I can go practice.Ordered from Grubhub. Just awful. Food was not only 30+ minutes late, it was cold and disgusting. All I got was a small margherita pizza and wings. The pizza was ice cold and the wings are breaded and then fried. So all the steam in the box made the breading soggy. Complete waste of money and inedible.Grandma's Sicilian is so friggin' good but maybe even better is the Primo Mista salad. There isn't anything special in it but the balsamic dressing is really good, the fact that the yummy croutons are the same size as the feta just makes it perfect. Very happy! And the Sicilian reheats really wellI live less than three blocks from here and am delighted to have these guys here. They run a terrific pizza shop. We started ordering from their original location at 9th and south before they opened this one but having them this close for pickup is super convenient. Everything they do is top notch! Their pizzas are thin crust with a great sauce. We often get their margerita as a less indulgent option with all the flavor. 
Their sandwiches come in individual styrofoam containers and the bread is soft and fresh. The Italian hoagie is great!
The staff are always courteous and friendly and they always have a soccer match on the TV when you walk in!
So glad their in the neighborhood...keep up the good work guys!My kids and I love their Margarita pizza! It's awesome! Their fries are pretty good too! Delivery is quick!Ordered from here plenty of times and every time my order was late. But the food was decent so I let it go. But this is the LAST and FINAL time I will order from here. Not only was my order over an hour late but there was a FLY in my salad. Ugh!!!Love this place! Only place I order from when I'm in the mood for good greasy Sunday football food! Their pizza is great and so are their onion rings. For being a pizza joint I have to say I got their avocado burger once and that was also amazing. Quick delivery and great prices!! A must for Queen Village!Best buffalo chicken pizza in philly . I'm from NY and looked and tried everywhere .. This is the best you will get!Fast good delivery of all pizza type stuff! I've had a variety of things over a course of months and all have been good. Good solid pizza joint. Friendly staff.I've never had a bad meal from Little Italy.  Pizza is good, but sometimes you just want a "real meal", and their dinner combos fill that need.  Recently ordered both eggplant and chicken parm dinners.  The non-meat red sauce was one of the best I've had.   Entrees came with salad, bread, and their dough "nuts".  (buttery/garlicy - delicious!)
They actually read and comply with the special requests put in on the online orders.   I always pick up, but they offer delivery and eat-in service as well.   Great neighborhood restaurant!Ordered delivery on a Thursday night and it took right at 2 hours to get my cold, disappointing food. I will not be ordering here ever again.I loved the original, and I love this one.  The pizza is consistently good.  Fresh product, many different types of pizza, and overall good atmosphere.  
Try the buffalo chicken pizza!the girls i talked with on the phone about my order were very nice and sympathetic both times i called. however it doesn't excuse the fact that i didn't actually get my pizza from the delivery man for 2 HOURS after i submitted my order. the original ETA was 25 to 35 minutes. this was a HUGE miss by them. the only thing they offered me was 20% off. i think for a pizza that late it should have been 100% off but that's just me. the food was good but it was cold.Glad to have a great pizza place in the neighborhood. They have quality pizza, great sandwiches, and super friendly guys working the counter. My wife and I enjoy walking over to grab a slice on the weekends.We ordered through grub hub and it was 15 minutes past our time of delivery. Called to see what they would do and was asked "what do you mean?" Said our foods been waiting (essentially getting cold!) with no means of recourse. And we were hung up on. Will not be ordering againDear Little Italy,
First of all, I want to thank you for never sounding judgey when you already know my address before I say it. You know I'm about to get the best greasy pepperoni in the area, I know I'm about to get the best pepperoni pizza in the area, and I appreciate how we mutually pretend it's not a regular occurrence. 
Secondly, thanks for your awesomely fast delivery. It's a small moment of gratification when my food gets here before my wife's, and the smell of deliciousness can permeate the air before her thai food arrives. (She has an addiction. It's a problem. Does she not understand the perfection of your pizza? But I digress.)
Little Italy, I am about to move, and I really need you to consider opening up a franchise in San Juan, because I just don't think I can do this alone.
Love, Amanda.I live near by. We stop by maybe 2 times a week. The food is good. Especially when prepared correctly. But some of the front counter cashiers have attitude problems. You are the first person customers as when coming to this establishments. And that make a a difference. They need to screen there employees betterI have to say I really love this pizza and it's so reasonable! My orders usually involve the grandma pie or the Italian flag pie! They also have really good cheese fries and Stromboli's! Not only is the food good but so is the service, everyone is polite and friendly!Worst delivery service ever. It took 2 hours to receive our foods and everything was cold. Will not be ordering from here again!Please stop using Grubhub! Pizza was clearly sitting at restaurant waiting for the delivery person. In that time crust became like cardboard and then delivered lukewarm. I can't even fairly rate the food since think ruined due to delivery. 
Shouldn't take over an hour to get pizza.This is above your average run of the mill pizza spot. Sal takes a lot of pride in his service. All pizza products are fresh and there's a great variety to choose from. His buffalo chicken and barbecue chicken slices are some of the best in the city. And the Grandma slice is a must if you've never been here. Pesto pizza is pretty damn good too.As one who really love pizza, I have to say that little pizza it's the best pizza store in Philadelphia. Crunchy, quality sauce and cheese as well. I definitely will go again and take my family with me.
Highly recommended!This is a solid neighborhood joint for pizza. I've ordered pies and stopped in for slices and the pizza is good. So why 2 stars? Sanitation, for starters. More than once, I've seen the same person making sandwiches also handle money then go back to prep. 
Also, my last order was an Italian. I asked for oil and oregano. Got neither. My bone dry hoagie had so little meat that the ridiculously thick tomato slices were the majority of the sandwich. The dry bread was made worse by being stale. This isn't a passable Italian by even Subway standards, let alone Philly. Oh, and I was charged over a dollar more than the menu price. I wasn't expecting the best hoagie of my life but I will be taking a hard pass from now on. I'll keep this place in mind for pizza, but there are so many good options for sandwiches AND pizza in QV that I don't see why anyone would need to come here.Wouldn't order from here again.  Called at 6:43 and waited until 8:15 to call (After I was instructed the order would be an hour delivery time).  Once I called they said the food would be there in 20 min and was just put in the delivery car. Nothing came, called a third time asking to cancel, was told it was 5 min away... I figured id give them the benefit of the doubt.  30 min later, a total of 3 hours after I ordered, I called to cancel the order and/or get a refund due to the negligence of the customers order.  I was told it was 5 min away AGAIN.  They lost a costumer... I will wait to see if I get that "discount" they promised. My food arrived at... oh wait it isn't here yet @ 10:07. ridiculous.Never given a Yelp review until now. I would 100% give 0 stars if I could. Took over 1 hour for a chicken cheesesteak - none of the employees looked to have any sense of urgency or care about the service to their customers what so ever. There are a countless amount of pizza places in the area - absolutely any other one would be better.I work in the neighborhood so I decided to give this place a try. My first experience with a plain slice had me on the fence: it was okay. I decided to go back and try a gourmet slice on a different day. I tried the BBQ chicken... Amazing! Since then I have also tried fried ravoli which were good but the sauce was a little watery. I also have had their chicken fingers which were nothing to write home about, but still good. My favorite thing on their menu is their Honey Chicken Wrap: it had chicken fingers, honest mustard, lettuce, tomato, and american cheese in it. Absolutely delicious! I don't frequent here for a plain slice but for everything else I think this place is definitely worth a try!Incredibly disappointed and never ordering again. This has been our go-to pizza place and they are always later than promised... But this was the last time. We ordered a large cheese pizza, and a side salad. It was promised in 45-60 min. It took 1 1/2 hours and we had to call twice. On top of the long wait, our pizza was cold by the time it arrived. 
Very unfortunate because they do have good food, but it's just not worth the aggravation.It's honestly difficult finding a standard pizza place in Philly without being wood/coal-fired or square pies. Their plain pies and any traditional topping pizzas are very good. Consistently delicious and delivery service is usually prompt. Tried many other Philly takeout pizza shops and most haven't satisfied like this. If I'm in the mood for a no frills pizza, this is the place I keep going back to.Ordered a large pizza on a Wednesday afternoon. Took over an hour for delivery the pizza was cold and hard and the Fries were cold and mushy. Never coming back here again.Ordered pizza from here a couple times.  The first time the pizza came soggy and cold.  The second time it was okay.  I tried ordering again tonight for delivery and order was placed successfully.  About 20-30 minutes after order being placed,  it was canceled because "their kitchen had closed".  Business model does not seem to be reliant.  Will have to find another local pizza shop in the area.Just ordered the eggplant parmesan and side order of spinach and garlic. I was amazed at the quality of both. It's a bit of a walk but well worth itI agree a great neighborhood pizza place. Good food great service and the pizza is always ready in time. I order from here all the time since I am in the neighborhood.Great neighborhood pizza place. Pizza quality is usually very good, and they also have good salads and sandwiches. Delivery is typically within 30 minutes, or you can do take out and get your food within 10 minutes. Nothing fancy, but good reasonably priced pizza pie.This pizza is gross. It tastes like cardboard with low quality cheese and sauce. We ended up throwing it away. There are plenty of decent pizza places in Philly and this isn't one of them.I live across the street from this spot and have seen the transitions it has been through with other owners.  Little Italy 2 is definitely a huge improvement!!
Though mostly a take out place it is also a pleasant place to sit in, spotless with pretty decor and friendly staff. 
On to the food...  The pizza is pretty much perfect for my liking.  Thin chewy crust. Slightly sweet sauce. Fresh cheese. And a variety of yummy toppings!  
The cheesesteaks are standard, tasty and on delicious rolls. The chicken cheesesteaks are even better. Had a hoagie once and it too was delicious. The can compete with most good joints in Philly. 
Just tried the cannoli and it too was really good. You can definitely tell you're not too far from the Italian market!
So this is a pretty rock solid, consistently good pizza shop right in Queen Village!!  I will have to try some of the speciality dishes soon but would recommend this place to anyone.My go-to delivery spot.  Delivery comes in approximately 22 minutes every time - its actually crazy.  The buffalo chicken stromboli is the real deal and the garlic parm wings are a game changer. Play on, Little ItalyOrdered on Eat24, food came very quickly (15 min faster than promised). We ordered penne with vodka, chicken arrabiato, garlic knots, meatballs and Cesar salad. The penne was the best of everything. The chicken arrabiato wasn't our favorite, but everything was still hot and overall really yummy!