The wife and I recently brunched here.. thats my new verb: brunched.  Little Spoon is nice inside, i didn't get to dine in the yard but it looked nice, especially on a beautiful day.  
The servers were great, attentive and seemed to be having fun- which creates a pleasant experience for everyone. Onto the food.  3 to 3.5 yelps.  The pancakes were kind of flat, I'm into some nice thick pancakes, but weren't bad.  We also got the brisket sandwich, it was very good, well half of it, the other half was literally all fat.  I get that a nice fatty brisket brings great taste, but i woulda liked some meat on the sandwich, i literally ate half a sandwich of fat-- yet id order it again bc like i said- it had some good taste.  Just my bad luck i guess from the carver.  I would give this place another go, i dug the ambiance and they seem to have a few brunch items id like to try.  A-OKThe food was insanely good. Everything we got was full of flavor, fresh and came out hot.  You can really tell they care about the quality of food they put out down to every detail. The decor and vibe of the restaurant of very hip and eclectic. Next time I'm in Philly, I'm definitely going back there.This time I came on a Thursday at 2pm. There were six people already dining, but there was no line. They took my order immediately. I ordered the infamous Monte Cristo, substituted potatoes for the side salad it comes with, and got a side of sausage (I had a long, hectic morning and didn't eat breakfast). 
Everything was tasty, but not particularly life-changing as Zagat prepared me for because the Monte Cristo was on their "10 best sandwiches" list. I suppose it's the best breakfast sandwich I've had in the city thus far, but I don't think it ranks in the top 10 best sandwiches I've had in the city. The cider-braised pork sandwich (I had my first visit) was incredible. 
This is not at the fault of the staff, but three women came in with three small children (ages 3-5). The one kid screamed at the top of his lungs (for real) because the mom gave money to the other kid and not him. The mom didn't tell him to be quiet or anything, and the other mom yelled (angrily) at the other kid for touching her foot or something. The other two kids proceeded to yell at each other and fight. No one said anything, not even the staff asked them to quiet down their kids. Like I'm sorry you can't discipline your kids, but don't bring them to a restaurant to disturb paying customers and then not do anything about it. 
There's still nowhere to put dirty dishes, and they don't come around to take them from you very often, as there was at least one other person's finished food (the plate wasn't empty) sitting around. 
So far the only thing that has been worthwhile is the cider-braised pork sandwich, and I don't think I should continue coming back.Very friendly staff. Great food. Nice location. Got an egg and cheddar cheese sandwich. Very filling considering I didn't order any sides to go with it.Tiny little cafe, but it's definitely worth it at non-peak brunch times! Try the Vietnamese iced coffee, the Monte Cristo, and the French toast.Definitely a neighborhood gem! Besides the adorable Tiffany-blue (:P) exterior it has quite the quaint interior decor as well. But most importantly, the food is excellent here.
The menu has a good selection both from the Savory and the Sweet sections. It's not an overly creative menu but the execution has always been solid. I'm a fan of the shakshuka and the Monte Cristo sandwich and if you have a few people to split dishes with, I highly recommend getting an order of the lemon ricotta pancakes to share among yourselves. Believe me it'll bring you closer together. The coffee/juice option is also great here, extra bonus is that they serve Vietnamese Iced Coffee. Sometimes you just need that extra dose of caffeine. It does look like the menu has evolved (I remember there used to be a duck salad I enjoyed) but a few signature dishes remained. 
There's decent seating space and the place flies under the radar just enough (although I don't know why because IMO it's better than many other places where there are brunch lines every weekend) that the most I've ever had to wait for a table was around 15 minutes. The service is no frills but attentive. I would recommend this to any friend.Such an incredible quint place. It stands at the corner of the street. Their Christmas decorations were minimum but really cute. They have both savory and sweet options for brunch.  I had the brussel sprouts and gouda cheese frittata from the savory section and the apple butter filled French toast with walnuts. 
Although,  the frittata had the consistency of an omelette it was really good. The brussel sprouts were crunchy in the middle and the cheese was melted throughout. Highly recommended,  although it was a special for that day. Hope they put it on their regular menu.
The apple butter stuffed French toast.  Where do I begin? Not sure what I loved the best; the French toast, the Apple butter,  the Apple caramel or the crunchy walnuts? It worked so well, I practically cleaned out my plate and even finished my friend's share. It was different but it worked well. 
PS:  one of the neatest restrooms I have ever used in a restaurant.Such a cute little breakfast/brunch spot in Philly! Went here with my family when visiting my sister at school. We waited a bit maybe about 20-30 minutes on a Sunday morning. We all enjoyed our food! The only thing that was not very good was the fried duck.. very greasy and overcooked. Other than that, it was a great experience and I would definitely return if in the neighborhood again!Excellent coffee. Especially the honey lavender latte! Small inside but cozy. Brunch is good too but not many vegan options if that is a concern for youThis place is so welcoming and cozy. I need to write a review about the Monte Cristo sandwich though, in particular. It is hands-down one of the best brunch sandwiches I've ever had. Like it's Monday and I'm still thinking about it 24 hours later. It comes with a side salad of arugula that has delicious dressing and it somehow compliments the sandwich perfectly! 
Our server was very kind and attentive. I also love how I got a massive cup of coffee in a Charlie Brown mug. I really think this is one of the best places you can eat brunch in Philly.Great little brunch spot that's BYO! I was worried about a wait time for a Sunday morning but when we walked to the door we put our name on the list and she said about 20min ... well it ended up only being about 5-10! It was great. The food was really good too. I got the lemon ricotta pancakes with lemon curd on the side. I definitely recommend it on the side if you are worried it will be too much lemon or too sweet for your taste. It's also a really filling meal. Everyone who worked there was super nice. It is a little loud and cramped inside but it was fine for the amount of time we were there. Definitely would go back sometime soon!As out of towners from Nashville, we were very excited to eat here. Unfortunately, it was not worth the wait. My Belgian waffle was soggy and rubbery, and the waitress forgot to submit our grits and potato order. She also did not check on us even once to see if we needed anything. The carrot cake waffle my husband ordered and my grits were good. Overall not a good experience and would not come back.I love Little Spoon. The staff is super friendly, and the food is delicious. 
Today I tried the new roast beef sandwich they added to the fall menu (Green Meadow Farm beef, house pickles, and horseradish aioli on a "local Philly muffin"). It was awesome. The meat was tender and warm, the horseradish aioli was sweet, and the pickles were good, too (the aioli and pickles didn't overpower the taste of the meat, but complemented it). The "muffin" (not like a breakfast muffin, but more like a soft bagel without the hole in the center) was very soft and had some sort of seasoning that complemented the taste of the sandwich as well. 
On my previous visit, I had the Caesar Salad with chicken. It was amazing and enormous. I couldn't even finish it! The dressing was creamy and just the right amount, and the chicken was tender and plentiful. 
I love it here.I came here this weekend for brunch. I tried something new and ordered the shakshuka. It was spicy but I didn't think it had any authentic flavors. I wouldn't say it represented traditional shaksuka. The eggs were raw (the white was runny and the yolk was too). I asked them to cook it longer which didn't seem to be an issue - the waitress was very nice about it. It came back a few minutes later and still seemed to be runny so I only ate one egg; the one that was slightly more cooked. I also ordered the regular iced coffee which was a very bold flavor and very good. Within one hour of leaving the restaurant I came down with a terrible stomach bug/food poisoning. I can tell you this meal was not worth getting that sick over. 
My Boyfriend ordered the avocado toast with a side salad. It only comes with one slice of bread and one egg. It was good but he left very hungry. He did not get sick though.
This was not my best dining experience at little spoon. I will not be returning for quite some time.Randomly found this place on yelp and then ended up going twice in one weekend.  The lemon ricotta pancakes were delicious, although they could've used some syrup or additional lemon flavoring, but still delicious.  Friend of mine got the scramble special that was also delicious.  Second time I went I got the monte cristo sandwich which was the die for.  They also have actual cold brew coffee and not just hot coffee poured over ice, as well as Vietnamese iced coffee which was also delicious.Amazing food and huge portions of it! Well worth the 35 minute wait. I ordered the Chive Cheddar Pancake and my boyfriend got the Monte Cristo, both of which I highly recommend. Also loved the atmosphere and the touch of funky mugs coffee is served in. Be sure to bring your appetite!Delicious and nutritious! Great little getaway from a busy big city. Small menu with quality options. Definitely put the time into their food and service.This cafe is situated on a quiet corner within walking distance of a townhouse we rented for a couple of days. Parking might be tough to find but it's free all along 15th. 
Without looking ahead at their menu online, I was uncertain if they served breakfast because the only menu hanging up advertised coffee and ice cream. I only knew what they had when I reached the front of the line to see the menu they had on a clipboard. Didn't leave me much time to look it over without holding up the line. Regardless, the food selection was great, lots of choices for different sized appetites.
We had basic dishes of fried potatoes, scrambled eggs and toast. It was delicious! The toast came with a jam that tasted home made, it was incredible.
There was a mix of locals and tourists like us. It was funny to watch the locals sneer at the tourists that came in talking about how cute the place was. 
Definitely worth the walk.I have been following little spoon on Instagram before it opened. I couldn't wait for another restaurant to come to the neighborhood. The restaurant is so cute with all of the recycled/reused antiques. The exposed brick on the wall is cool. I ate the smoked salmon bagel and my fiancé had the breakfast burrito. I really enjoyed the bagel. My fiancé said that if you order the burrito, you should add a meat to it (which he didn't do). This is a really cute restaurant for bunch!Little Spoon have always had a long line, and after being in the city for a little over a year I've finally had the opportunity to try. The price range is not nearly as bad as a lot of the brunch places in center city, you can get something that's a little below the 10 dollar range, and if you're feeling a little more hungry something bigger portioned that's over the 15-16 dollar is also available here! My favorite dish here has to be the lemon ricotta pancakes!!! The lemon ricotta pancakes at Little Spoon is the best lemon ricotta I've ever had!! The pancakes are soooo fluffy and the smell of buttermilk just goes with the lemon ricotta so well, this dish is beautifully made! Some places make the lemon flavor come on too strong that it can be a little too sour, I think little spoon was really delicate in taking care of that part, the aroma of the dish was amazing.Extremely small space and long waits but the food made up for it. My boyfriend, friend, and I stopped in for brunch on a Saturday at 11:30. We had to wait about 45 minutes before getting the table, and were tempted by the Jamaican joint a block down the street, but decided to wait it out for hearty brunch food. Once we were inside we definitely waited awhile to give our order and get our food; service wasn't the best, but they were understandably very busy.
The food was, in one word, satisfying. Unable to decide between sweet or savory, i decided to get both with my friend. We ordered the short rib special, shakshuka, and pumpkin French toast. My personal favorite was the shakshuka. The tomatoey, soupy sauce was hearty and perfectly flavored, perfect on the toasted bread. The pumpkin French toast did not disappoint my sweet tooth, with the fluffy pumpkin toast meshing beautifully with the cream and caramel sauce. My boyfriend got the salmon bagel, which is a good pick if you're looking for something light and fresh. The cucumbers and sauce was refreshing with the thick slices of salmon on a toasted everything bagel. Can't go wrong with a salmon bagel. All in all, Little Spoon Cafe is a great lunch joint, though be prepared to wait if you come for brunch on a weekend.I ordered the BLT with avocado this time. The bacon literally melts in your mouth! My boyfriend had ordered the meatloaf sandwich and loved how juicy and flavorful it was. But I'd prefer to visit for breakfast rather than lunch.I find the service good and the atmosphere quaint but I haven't particularly enjoyed the two lunches I've had from there.This place has become a family favorite; Each time a family member comes to visit, to Little Spoon we go! The chai latte is to die for and the hash is incredible. The adorable decor of this cafe makes you feel at home, at ease, and ready to chow down on some delicious food. The incredibly nice staff makes sure you are happy with your meal and its exactly what you wanted. Worth every penny!This place has really good brunch. I really enjoyed the cheddar pancakes and eggs with hash. I saw everyone eating the burrito, but when my bf got it he had too much potato. Friendly staff. I will come back to try some more things.I came here over the weekend for brunch and unfortunately had less than a stellar experience. 
It all started with the service by the host when we first entered. Not even in the door yet, and the first thing we hear is to shut the door behind us. Then the host proceeds to just ask us for our name and number etc. I stop her to ask how long the wait is. I get a look like I had 10 heads and she says 20 minutes. She told us we were the next table. It was nice out so we decided to wait and walked around the block while we waited for the text that our table was ready. You would think that we would be greeted and told that there was a wait when we entered rather than just asking for our information.
After about 20 minutes, we get a text so we walk in for our table. She tells us we can sit at the counter. Otherwise it would be a little bit longer for a table. We said okay, because we didn't want to wait longer. Upon going to our seats, I notice a couple empty tables and people being seated that arrived after us. I thought we were the next table?? We weren't happy about that.
I ordered the avocado toast. While the "meal" itself was delicious, it is very small and I have to say I left starving. It includes one slice of bread and one egg with a small side salad. Why would a meal that is priced the same as all of the other meals on the menu only have one slice of bread an one egg? It's as if you bought a breakfast sandwich and they forgot half of it. It should have been cheaper or it should have included two slices of bread and eggs. I have never ordered avocado toast before for around $10 and got one slice of bread. Very disappointing!
My girlfriend got the shakshuka. It was good and had a good spice to it, however it left something to be desired. Maybe it is just their spin or take on shakshuka. I have had shakshuka before, and this just kind of reminded me as if you ordered spaghetti and sauce but it didn't come with the pasta. I feel like this would be better as a smaller version as a side to eat with the toasted bread.
With all of the brunch options in Philly, I will probably look elsewhere next time. The only reason I am giving it 3 stars and not less is because our waitress was very nice, and the avocado toast did taste good.I've been waiting for Little Spoon to open, since this is literally in my 1-block neighborhood.  For as much time as I spend at Cambridge and Quick Fixx, I was hoping Little Spoon with also be a slam dunk.  Well, its close!  I really liked it here and I'll be back.
Pros:  
1.  The STAFF are probably the most friendly people ever!  The hostess was very sweet and personable, and really made you feel like home.  Waitresses were great too.
2.  The DECOR is adorable!  Everything is repurposed and old-time looking.  Great interior decoration!
3.  The FOOD was very good.  My favorites were the vegetarian scrapple, cheezy grits, and the lemon compote that came with my ricotta pancakes.  The pesto frittata was also very good.
4.  OUTSIDE patio!  
5.  STAFF, STAFF, STAFF.  They make your visit so friendly I had to list them twice :)
Cons:
1.  Always a WAIT during prime breakfast hours, Sat-Sun you can wait up to 45 mins for a table.  I don't think its worth it to wait that long, when Miles Table is 2 blocks away and has just as good breakfast with no wait.  
2.  My ricotta pancakes were sort of bland, and flat.  I wish they were more fluffy and ricotta-ish, but at least the lemon compote served with it was amazing!  
I'll be back!  I want to try more stuff on the menu. I'm glad to have a new breakfast option in the neighborhood.  And they really do a great job here.I'd say 3.5/5 
The atmosphere is nice here, but space is limited. We were sat by the window on high chairs. A couple was sat right next to us. 4 ppl up against the wall? No thanks. Took forever for our coffee orders to come too. Not sure why....
Food was good though. I ordered the strawberry shortcake pancakes (2 instead of 3). Came out to $7. My friend got the steak and eggs. ($12) 
Overall the food was good. Maybe i hyped this place up in my head or maybe its the fact that ive been to sooo many diff brunch spots in Philly now its just had to compete. I wont give up on you little spoon dont worry ill be back.They have enough breakfast options, especially on brunch weekends, to cover all the basics (meats, potatoes, eggs, oatmeal, pancakes) and then some (especially nice touch on the available, . Prices are reasonable, seating is good (busy during the obvious times), service is good, and the food is good. Can't go wrong.Never going back.  The lady greeter this morning, having no one waiting for a table, made us stand outside in the snow (its 21 outside) and refused to allow my wife to stand inside with our 2 month old granddaughter. She kept insisting she is not allowed to have anyone stand inside, yet allowed 2 ladies with a child , who arrived right behind us stand inside and sat them before us.Had a lovely brunch here after the Philadelphia half marathon on Saturday. We called ahead and the table was ready within 20 minutes of us arriving. We started with the cheddar chive pancakes which I highly recommend. I preferred to have them as a starter, but with the dynamic flavor, I could've easily had all three for an entree. The reuben hash blew me away and I would definitely order it again. 
Also can't go wrong with BYO champagne, but plan ahead because the closest liquor store is about 8 blocks away.Little Spoon is by far the best breakfast/brunch spot in this neighborhood. 
I have been in 5 or 6 times since it opened about a year and a half ago and have never been disappointed. 
Their menu is eclectic and always offers interesting, fun choices. But they have the standards too: eggs, pancakes, breakfast sandwiches. Also big points: lunch items are availabe during breakfast hours!
And their coffee- Philly Fair Trade Roasters- is amazing.I really want to like this place but the food is awful.  Well decorated atmosphere but the two times I've been there I've left disappointed after experiencing poor service.  People are standing and waiting on a table I'd readily give them but I had to wait 20 minutes just to get my check so I could leave.  French toast or pancakes shouldn't taste like bacon unless there are bacon bits inside.  Lemon ricotta pancakes have an odd almost cleaner like after taste.  I'm extremely disappointed in the service and food quality.  I'll never go back and recommend you don't go at all.This is really good. Great place to enjoy a nice brunch in a beautiful Saturday morning. Service is good. And the food is unbelievable!!(To the tune of "Closer" by The Chainsmokers feat. Halsey)
Hey.
I was feeling real faint before I got here
Hangry for some brunch, could eat a whole deer
But it's okay.
Hey, you can tell this line to hit the road, Jack
And prepare the pancakes for an attack
So whack.
I'm tryna break my fast
Get real full and hope it lasts
Hand me a fork and knife
This reuben hash will give me life
And I, I, I, I, I can't stop
No, I, I, I, I, I won't stop
So, y'all let's head to South Street
Fill up on some carbs and some meat
That I know you wanna consume
'til your belly has no more room
Pour that syrup on that French Toast
Don't you dare forget the bacon
Sure, the wait might take a while
But it's good stuff that they're makin'
(Yeah it's good eats that they're makin'
Some real good eats that they're makin'!)
Oh, Little Spoon. You make me wanna pull you closer, for sure. And push everyone else further away. This place suffers from a plight that most of the best brekki/brunch spots in the city deal with: the lines! I frequently get lucky enough to nab a spot at the bar, but that's always with a party of two. I don't know if I'd brave this spot with any more, but I have a low tolerance for a wait when it's breakfast time.
That said, once you're seated, the options of what to eat are TERRIFIC! my savory favorites  (savorites?) include the Reuben Hash and their rotating scramble has knocked it out of the park on occasion, while their sweet treats... well, tough to go wrong with pancakes and stuffed French toast! 
I will say that, while I don't drink coffee, my fellow diners often comment on the java being tasty. 
The service has been... Inconsistent? Sometimes, they move like a well-oiled machine. Other times, I find myself waiting with an empty glass or wondering if there's a rhyme or reason to why the patrons next to me got 4 dishes before we got ours, despite ordering sooner and similar dishes. But hey, I don't work here, and they always bring the good stuff, so I can't complain too much. 
It's cozy, but I appreciate the tight squeeze on a cold day when you've been waiting outside for a while. I always come back, despite the lines, for the tastiness and the charm.Awesome little spot!
Friendly staff, good coffee and you must try the Lemon Ricotta Pancakes. 
Again, awesome!I've been here a couple of times and the food is always so delicious. I tend to get the same thing when I find something I like. At Little Spoon, that's the veggie hash. Sooo tasty and flavorful. Check out the daily specials. There are usually equally options there as well. Free refills on coffee make this the perfect space for getting a great meal, some work done...or just catching up with friends. 
I've only ever been on a weekday when orders are placed at the counter but food brought to your table. Apparently it's a lot more lively for weekend brunch (to be expected) with table seating and service. They also have a more extensive brunch menu. Would love to try again on a weekend.
This is also a lovely space. Would be great to rent out for a celebration!I just stopped in for a cup of coffee this morning and sat on their lovely back patio area to enjoy the nice day. The atmosphere was very great, the menu looked delicious, and the staff was upbeat and very pleasant. I most certainly see myself becoming a regular patron of this place. Everyone should check it out!Nice decor (think Fixer Upper), though the seats weren't that comfortable (the bench's cushion wasn't fixed so was sliding off the edge, making it difficult to maneuver).
The wait was long, and it was cold, but at least the staff was perfectly polite answering status update queries.
Food-wise, I was disappointed that everything was under seasoned. At least it was nice and hot! If I return, I'll try the Mexican hot chocolate, but unless another wants to go, there're other spots I'd likely choose.I opted for the Lox bagel, which was a bit messy, but delicious. My significant other had the Breakfast burrito, which he ate so quickly I'm not sure he even got to taste it. We ordered over the phone for pick-up on a busy Sunday morning. The food was ready when we arrived just 10 minutes later. So happy to have found this gem so close to home.We were in town for the weekend and wanted something close by for breakfast. Saw how close this place was so I walked down to grab breakfast and coffee. It was getting busy as I got there (9 AM), but the staff was very helpful and friendly. I ordered a burrito for me, and an omelette for my wife. Both were excellent and the burrito was huge. Couldn't even finish it. For coffees, we got a mocha and an americano. The coffee is good, but it won't set the world on fire. You're also not going here for the coffee, you're going for the food. And you won't be disappointed. An extra plus is their musical taste.After hearing about how great this place is since it opened, I decided to give it a shot for a Sunday morning brunch with a friend. WILDLY disappointing. 
I ordered the avocado toast and an iced coffee. My friend got the blueberry oatmeal. The avocado toast came out on a small piece of non-toasted white bread, which did not taste v fresh. The amount of avocado they gave me was minimal and parts of it had hard bits of unripe avocado chunks--AND the black top from avocado was mixed in there....not good. Additionally, the egg came out cold and extremely hard (I asked for it over easy, for the runny yoke of course). 
As soon as it came out, I saw how small the serving was and immediately ordered tempeh bacon. That at least came out served hot, but it just okay. Really lacking flavor.
Two stars for our server, who was very friendly and checked in on us multiple times throughout our meal.
Will I come back? Probably not. Too many other good brunch places around that area (Miles Table!!) and in the city.I had been looking for lemon pancakes for a while in Philly and now I found the Lemon Ricotta pancakes her at Little Spoon Cafe.  They are lemony, moist, soft as butter and delicious!   The service is fast, friendly, efficient and pleasant.  It is a very charming setting.  I will definitely go back.Such a cute place! We saw how much effort the owners put in last summer and couldn't wait to try it. We just got coffee this time, but my latte was delicious. You can tell they are still working out some kinks (many things were sold out), but everything looked great.Searched all of yelp for the right breakfast spot since I'm from out of town. Needed to be perfect, as I am only in Philly one day. Little Spoon Cafe was EXACTLY what I was looking for. Great food. Great vibes. 
The pancake was alriiiight. Nothing too notable. 
The house made sausage though?!?! Amazing.This is a brand new place as of early October 2014. It's charming, bright, and has great service and coffee-a terrific addition to an increasingly neighborly area of the city. 
Definitely worth a visit to eat or just hang out with coffee. Lots of outlets on the wall, wifi, and a pleasant open space with lots of natural light make this little coffee shop a great place to work, too. 
Highly recommended.Loved having brunch here! Came here a month ago with my boyfriend. Him and I shared the steak and eggs and strawberry shortcake pancakes. The pancakes were flavorful and fulfilled my pancakes craving. It was a nice blend of strawberries and sugar and not too sweet. Their steak and eggs is a nice twist since it's a braised short rib and not an actual piece of steak. We loved the dish but our only suggestion would be to add an extra egg. There was a lot of short rib and the sunny egg went well with it. However, the egg was quickly devoured since it was so small compared to how much short rib was on the plate. Service was great and the interior is cute. Will definitely be coming back when we're in the south street area.Super great experience! Highly suggest the lemon ricotta pancakes and the biscuits and gravy. The atmosphere was bright and friendly. BYOB.The wait is a little long but the food goes above and beyond making up for it. Everything was absolutely delicious!!Came here today for brunch. Although it was pretty packed, we were seated fairly quickly at a counter against the window. This was not the most ideal seating arrangement , as me and my party of 4 had to yell across the counter to hear each other and we were right next to the outside door so we had to keep our jackets on because it was so cold. Despite this inconvenience, I had an otherwise pleasant experience at the restaurant. Our waiter was super nice and attentive. I ordered the breakfast burrito and a side of home fries. The burrito was very filling. It had black beans, potatoes, eggs and sausage. Really good! Overall, positive experience here.This place is adorable. Its teeny tiny but they are quick, friendly and the food rocks. I got the Breakfast burrito and my boyfriend got the Monte Cristo. They were both AMAZING! I also got a Vanilla Chai Tea Latte that blew me away, so so good!
Loved it, we'll be back!!The wait was not long at all, service is prompt and everyone is so friendly. I got the Cheddar Chive pancakes and my boyfriend got the biscuits and gravy. I can honestly say this is one of my favorite meals out EVER!! The pancakes are a must. I will be coming back, and bringing all of my friends with me!!Nice cozy place. Tried the Monte Cristo sandwich which comes with ham, gouda, fried eggs and jalapeño mayo. Very interesting flavors!I recently went to this cafe for the first time and I was very disappointed. 
We waited a half hour to be seated and eventually were offered seats in the back. The outside seating area could use some tidying up. No one wants to go to a restaurants and see a broom, cleaning supplies and some random crap as part of the decor. Build a shed and hide your junk. 
The service was mediocre. It was warm outside and our water glasses  were never refilled. After such a wait I expected the food to be good but nope. My breakfast burrito was flavored less and my husbands fried eggs sandwich was served on a French toast. Trust me that combo was not good.  I don't get the positive reviews on here... I really wanted to like this place but there are so many other better restaurants options in the city. The best thing I had there was their homemade salsa which was served with my burrito... Too bad!First time here. We got up late this Saturday and didn't want to wait in line at any of the more popular, established brunch places. We live in the area and decided to try it out. I got the lemon ricotta pancakes and hubby ordered biscuits & gravy. Pancakes were more doughy than fluffy and needed more lemon flavor. Hubby's dish was bland. If you like Hawthorns then you'll like Little Spoon. Service and decor are good.  If we get up late again we'll opt for So Crepe instead.This adorable little eatery is a consistent can't fail.  Their food is fresh, the specials are interesting (and anywhere else I never order off the special menu), the space is homey, and the outdoor patio is great for a nice day.  They're veggie friendly too if that's your thing.Never knew this place existed. Found it one weekend while galavanting w my husband. Sat outside in their little courtyard area. It was super cozy. I got the BLT w house cured bacon. The bread was what dreams are made of. My hubs had the burrito which was huge and very good. We will be back (w booze next time).You yelp elite people are jerks.  3 stars? Really? I had no idea that being on Yelp made you an industry person and allowed you to understand the complexities of running a restaurant. Stop taking pictures of your f'ing food, and eat it.
5 stars because this spot is the jam.  It's beautiful, the food is great, the owners are literally some of the best people in the world (hyperbole be damned) and damnit, COULD THIS LOCATION BE ANY BETTER? No. I think not.
Excuse me, I need to go eat something. Something delicious, from Little Spoon's kitchen.The problem with this place is the wait staff, who are inattentive and subpar.  They never checked on us to see how our food was (my sandwich was missing the avocado I ordered with it).  I had to get up multiple times to ask for more coffee, syrup, and for a pen to sign the credit card bill.  The dirty dishes also were not picked up from our table and we had to pile them up on the empty table next to ours.  If they fire some of the staff and replace it with happy, helpful people I would give it 4 stars because the place has cute decor and the food is pretty good.  The wait staff really takes away from the experience.I came here for brunch with a friend on Saturday morning. I got the breakfast burrito with an extra egg and avocado and it was massive, delicious and super filling. My friend got the cheddar chive pancakes which are difficult to describe. In short, it's scrumptious, cooked perfectly and 10 times better than it even sounds. Let's just say I'm going to definitely order those next time. We also got the Bloody Mary pitcher. The bloody Mary's are good but not the best in the city. You need to bring your own vodka. It's served with a pickle which I think could be fresher. The servers are so friendly. The restaurant is small so I recommend arriving early.Wonderful little place with a cool atmosphere, creative dishes, and filled-to-the-brim plates. So good we ate there twice during our recent visit to the city.Fantastic meal! This place is great - the vibe is comfortable and welcoming.  The options are good.  And the food - GREAT!  We went for breakfast and had an egg sandwich, a BLT, oatmeal, omelet, pancakes and a pesto tomato sandwich.  Everyone was very happy!  Would definitely go back.Cute little place to grab a quick bite to eat in a chill atmosphere.  You order and pay for your food at the counter, but people will come around and refill your coffee mug for free. The mugs are perhaps my favorite part about this place, as they are quirky and many boast funny sayings.
Their specials change daily, but on the day I went, I settled for a Lox bagel, which was delicious and filling.  My friend had the BLT, which can also be made vegan (and so can many of their dishes).  
I can't wait to come back here and try their other options, especially the cheddar pancakes, which have me intrigued.Great little spot! The bacon is awesome! Everyone will enjoy the cheddar chive pancakes! I also got the salmon sandwich which was great just a little too fishy for some people! Also must have is the aztec hot chocolate! More cocoa than sweet and a bit of a kick! The staff is super friendly!Last 2 times I've been here, had a bizarre experience with seating/waiting. First time I was by myself and wanted to sit at the bar-- the bar was wide open but they weren't seating anyone because "the kitchen was backed up" so I was told I had to wait 30 minutes... Very odd. Second time I came with a friend and they asked for my number but never actually called me to let me know my table was available... Luckily we had already walked down the street to Miles Table and were enjoying noms there anywaySo I love this place. Service is great, decor is cute, and the food...oh my goodness. Whether you choose sweet or savory, each is just YUM!  And it's a BYOB to boot.
I took away a star because the place is small but they don't take reservations. That can mean a very long wait...worth it, but annoying nonetheless.As a millennial, I love brunch and it's ingrained in my lifestyle. It's standard issue. I went to Little Spoon with a couple of friends and thoroughly-enjoyed my time there. 
I ordered two scrambled eggs with cheese and two chocolate pancakes. First - the eggs tasted amazing. Perfecto! Second - the chocolate pancakes were fresh and fluffy. Amazing! Third - GET THE ROASTED POTATOES. I know, they're potatoes but it was very good. 
Do yourself a favor and visit Little Spoon!Awesome little lunch spot - probably great for breakfast too. Chicken salad was OK ( little dry and bland) but that pork Sandwich was phenomenal and will  have me coming back .I went here for a late breakfast once (around closing time) and they were not only well-mannered about my arrival, they were accommodating with making some changes I needed to with what I ordered. I had a coffee, the blueberry oatmeal, and a side of eggs. I loved the cushions they had on the chairs, it really made it feel like grandma's place. I am excited to go back.I'm visiting from LA and was looking for a good brunch spot and this place was so good. I wish I got the name of the girl who helped us because she was awesome. It's a small cute, place but they try to accommodate groups by putting tables together. Our group got a a couple breakfast burritos and a egg and cheese sandwich, all of which were so delicious. We also got a chocolate chip pancake that just melts in your mouth. I love that it's BYO Too! I would definitely recommend this place.Little Spoon gets 3.5 stars, and I'm rounding up because they're new in town. I am a total sucker for brunch, and I was so excited to try this place out this morning. After seeing pictures online of the adorable decor, it did not disappoint. It seems like the back patio is a really nice spot, so it's a bummer it's already so chilly. The weather is also a bummer when you're waiting for a table because there is little to no space to wait inside. We braved sitting outside in the cold for about 15 minutes today, although it seemed that many people left in that time, deterred by the wait time / standing outside.  
I got a vanilla latte that was a bit too sweet, but still made really well. If I am being really picky, I wish they had some house-made flavor syrups. My boyfriend and I split the breakfast burrito with sausage and the scramble of the day, which had squash, ricotta, pepitas, and pesto. We also got a side of the vegan scrapple just because, well, who else serves vegan scrapple? Our server was extremely prompt and the food came out quickly. However, as others have mentioned, the portions are definitely small, the breakfast burrito much more so than the scramble. I feel like it should have come with potatoes or a side salad or something because I ate my half in about 4 bites. The bread that came with the scramble however, was really tasty, as was the jam. Unfortunately, the potatoes were pretty bland. Looking around, it seemed that most tables got 2 main dishes and split a third, like the fries. We had tried to order a baked good to start, but despite their advertisement, the baked goods were lacking. They had cookies, brownies, and tarts, but no scones, muffins, etc, so we ended up without anything. 
The food was definitely well made and the staff was friendly and attentive. I wish the portions were a bit more substantial, but I'll probably be back to try it again!Came here for a brunch run - literally, after running four miles starting from Penn's campus. I was super excited to try the food, especially because the cafe provides for a casual yet cool environment to study or hang with friends. My friend opted for the Monte Cristo, while I wanted to try their Reuben sandwich (sub multigrain for artisan bread). Overall want to give a huge shoutout to the restaurant staff! I didn't realize that my meal came with Havarti, so I hadn't asked the waitress to hold off on the cheese. Luckily, she was nice enough to bring my sandwich back to the kitchen for another one. The sandwich itself was pretty good, although the only criticism I have is that it was pretty greasy and messy to eat. My friend also said she liked the Monte Cristo, but she did mention that her portion was a little bigger than she expected.
Would like to come a second time to try their healthier menu options.Cool little Sunday brunch place. The food was fresh and a nice relaxed vibe  the scramble special was deliciousThe little spoon has a garden/vintage like decor which I thought was pretty unique
We stopped here for lunch on a Tuesday. I had the roasted turkey sandwich with cherry jam, with a side salad, very fresh and delicious. My sister had the braised pork sandwich, she said it was good however the greens on it seemed like they had dirt as in not washed well. They should make sure to wash the greens before serving. 
Other than that, the service was friendly and the dessert options looked good too, we got the pistachio pastry.Little Spoon Cafe was a little confusing to me - is it a working cafe or is it a cafe for eating? At this point, it seems like it caters to both, but I think I'd rather come here to catch up with some friends over food vs sitting here to work next time!
I came here around 9am on a Friday morning, and the place was bustling with people. I got the blueberry steel cut oatmeal and an iced Americano. Both were just okay, to be honest, but  it looked like the other breakfast items looked scrumptious!
Service was decent and quick - everyone around me seemed to get their food in a timely manner even though the kitchen seemed busy. The cafe is quite cute, and the cashiers seemed to know many people coming in through the door. Seating is limited, and it can get pretty loud, but I would give this cafe another try next time I am in the area!Finally had a chance to check out this gem while getting brunch with a friend! Rather than table service, you order at the counter and they bring the food out to you, so it's nice and casual. The interior is spacious with lots of light, and has super cute and homey decor. Minus one star for my sub-par shakshuka, but my friend's lemon ricotta pancakes were delicious! (I actually prefer them over Cafe Lift's). Def worth a visit!Went here today for the first time. Charming place,service was great, food was delicious. Definitely will he going back. Maybe today. Great addition to the neighborhood.Fresh, friendly, and delicious!  Good variety for a smaller cafe - from simple to more unique flavors and specials.  Sure there's often a wait, but it's not out of line with all other top brunch spots in Philly.Amazing brunch, but pretty small inside and so the wait is long - but have patience, walk around south street and you'll see why the wait is worth it! The atmosphere is very homey and the service is great. One huge perk is the pitchers of orange juice/bloody mary mix if you BYO - definitely don't skip this! There are so many great food options, in particular the cheddar chive pancakes and hash are incredible. The pancakes are a perfect blend of sweet and savory - I'd recommend it to anyone who loves pancakes but gets sick of the sweetness. The oatmeal is a huge portion for less than $5 as well. The bread is high quality and the jam on the side is incredible. The portions are all very generous and not overpriced. This has definitely made it to my top brunch places in Philly and I'll be back to try more of the menu!I like this place a lot.  First of all it's a BYO and they have a slamming bloody mix...it's thick and spicy.  I would recommend the Parmesan fries ( just have them cook them longer because they do seem a little undercooked) they are awesome.  I also recommend their breakfast burrito.  They use a healthy amount of cheese in it which you know most restaurants cheap out on.  I would say Little Spoon has the second best breakfast burrito in Philly with Cafe Lift being #1.  I also think they have great customer service.  The waitstaff has always been excellent and there is this little chick with short hair who is always wiping tables, running after people who leave their keys behind, filling napkins, filling my bloody etc.  I'm not sure if she is a manager or what but she is always chipper and friendly.  Keep up the good work little lady!