This place used to be good place to eat. Now, they pre make the khimo and warm it up for you.Had lunch with a friend!  omg the steak (spicy) was wonderful!  As well as masala fries...This place is amazing.  We literally go every two weeks and aren't sick of it yet.  We have people now who come to philly to visit just to go eat there!  Love love love!Received the wrong order two times in a row. Horrible pizza and cheesesteaks. Couldn't understand anything person was saying while ordering. Would not recommend it.Whenever I visit my cousins in Philly we get their Indian-style chicken cheesesteak, veg Bombay sandwiches, and masala fries! SOOOOO YUMMY. I wish we had a location near by, it's delicious and a hidden gem!I've only tried the chicken cheesesteaks and masala fries here and they are SO good. Thankfully it requires a trek to go to otherwise I'd be here like everyday... now thinking about it makes me want to go back. It has the right amount of spiceness blended well with the meat and cheese.If you are an Indian and you're missing masala pav of Bombay, this is the place to go.
Their grilled veggie sub is yummylicious and by far the best hoagie I have ever tried in the United States! They also have wide variety of sandwiches, pizzas, and salads! 
You can enjoy total American or a total Indian taste under the same roof! 
Worth the wait and every single penny.Great Pizza. I especially enjoyed the crust. Crispy as hell!Come here often for a slice of pizza. They have the thin New York style that my son loves. Very fresh taste and made to order but they also have prepared pizzas that you can buy by the slice. And the prices are pretty reasonable. And the taste is better than most of the franchise pizza joints. They also make a bunch of cold and hot sandwiches to include Philly Cheesesteaks. I only come for the pizza but the stuff I've seen prepared looks pretty good. 
They also have alcoholic drinks from. Just about every brand of beer. They are always busy every time I come so business is good! 
Pros:
-pizza is good
-dine in seating with a television (usually on CNN)
-large selection of drinks
-large menu options
-appears to be family run
Cons:
-have to get a key to use the bathroomThe place is 5 stars not compared to other higher end restaurants - but for a deli within its price range - this one definitely takes the cake.
I wont presume to review the 'on menu' items because like a lot of folks I come all the way here just for their specialized spicy indian twist to boring ol deli sandwiches.
So heres the one Ive tried
Veggie Hoagie - aka the PavBhaji hoagie - a medley of veggies roasted and mashed on their flat top with a spicy tangy indian spice - add some cheese are you are golden
The 'Indian' cheesesteak hoagie -  Think regular cheese steak with onions and american cheese - but mixed in which the chicken is a dash of indian spices and herb and adds the a bit of a kick  and elevates the plain ol hoagie to a different flavour profile
The Bombay toast sandwich- an ode to the famous toasted sandwiches sold by street vendors in bombay - basically is a club sandwich with fresh veggies and cheese with a layer of indian spicy chutney
The ' Indian' pizza - plain ol meat or cheese pizza but topped with india spices and herbs -  Sublime!
The Egg hoagie - or the indian egg bhurji hoagie - or the indian egg kheemo(mince) hoagie is basically scrambled eggd with some indian hebs and spices topped with cheese !!! yummers
The french fries - hands down some of the best fries I've eaten - crispy on the outside and soft and pillowy on the inside -  can be topped with an india "chaat" masala to give it a spicy lime tinged kick
Great selection of beers
Friendly staff and ever accomodatingHighly recommended. Great Indian style food or regular menu! Drove 50 miles for this place. That should say it all.Amazing sandwiches - you have to try the veg club sandwich. Service is average, and the location is really inconvenient. But the food makes it worth coming back! Ask for masala on your fries or onion rings, you won't regret it.Come here often for a slice of pizza. They have the thin New York style that my son loves. Very fresh taste and made to order. My better taste than the franchise pizza joints. My go-to spot here in Philly. They are always busy every time I come so that should give you some indication.I stumbled upon this restaurant by accident- and it's the best discovery ever!  It's an Indian-American fusion pizza shop- I'm totally obsessed.  I haven't had many of their items but definitely will! I had the veggie club sandwich- at medium spicy level- I die!  The in house sauce they use makes the sandwich- really takes it to a different level-I had it two days in a row!  Can't wait to try to spicy chicken cheese steak and their wings - which everyone swears by!Being an Indian myself, I was pretty skeptical when I heard about this pizza joint having a list of Indian inspired food items! My friend and I ended up getting the Spicy Indian chicken cheesesteak. It was realllly good, perfect amount of spices and spiciness( you can let them know your spice level), and the roll was really soft. I will say they're slacking on the amount of meat/ingredients going into the roll. We also got an order of masala fries, it was good but nothing too exciting. Looking forward to trying the tandoori chicken pizza next time! One thing I found odd is that the employees brought everyones food out to their table except ours? We had to go up and get it but i'll that slide. Overall great food!Decent place, I like that I was able to take my daughters here and sit down. We had a medium pie, fries. It's decent! Not really a place to travel to but I was in the area.  Have beer to sit and go...
The place is very clean and fast service.Tandoori chicken cheese steak! Mild, medium, or spicy, in the iconic soft roll and served up like all good Philly cheese steak are. It's a boss sandwich that won't set your wallet back, or slow you down with mess when on the run, and consistently delivers thin, juicy slices of chicken goodness chopped up with the right amount of butter soft onions and cheese that melts through every bite. You can call it fusion, but it's just what happens in America ... people bring their loved old world recipes, fall in love with the New World's cherished dishes, and join the two.Tandoori chicken cheese steak, Egg bhurji, Pav bhajji sandwich, Indian style spicy pizza, masala fries and many more awesome food. My fav in the area.Best Indian sandwiches and hoagies I have ever had !! Love this places...Im hoping they will expand to Nj soon....but they r so good...its worth the long drive there ....I have been to this place more than dozen times and I drive an hour o get here.  Love this place.  If you want some Indian style sandwiches. Its awesome. Veg Club, veg Sandwich and spicy chicken cheese steak.  
They also have regular subs, pizza and many other items.On the recommendation of a friend visited this place yesterday with my husband and 2 kids.  The place is fairly big and adequate parking outside. The service is quick. Now, let's talk about the food. Being an Indian I was particularly interested in trying out their Indian fusion selections from their spicy menu. I ordered a veg club sandwich, masala fries, omelette and manicotti. The club sandwich was packed with veggies, cheese, delicious mix of sauces and spices and a good doze of butter. It was finger lickin good!!! The portion was huge and it was a delight!!!! 
The masala fries were coated with a mix of spice powder and it was tangy and yummy!!!  The manicotti was baked to perfection with the right amount of cheese and sauce and my daughter loved it!!! Having said such great things why 4 stars??????
The omelette was a disaster. It had a huge over doze of cinnamon. Cinnamon in an omelette was experimental enough and that too in such huge proportions was over powering and simply inedible!!!!! I wish they gave a good Indian twist to the omelette without using cinnamon!!! 
Economically priced, great tasting food, will definitely  visit again if I am in the neighborhood but hubby not so sureThe one thing I really wanted on my philly trip was an Indian style cheesesteak. Little sicily looks like a regular little pizza place. I ordered the cheese steaks with masala fries and cheese sauce and I was super impressed. The Indian style cheesesteak was fresh, hot, and spicy! I wasn't expecting it to be as spicy as it was but I loved every minute of it. The cilantro flavor in it is perfect and not overbearing. Can't wait to come back. However, I was indifferent about the masala fries-It's a personal preference. I'm just not into them in general.The Indian chicken cheesesteak is on point at this place.  The tandoori chicken and cheese is a perfect blend of spices.  The only way I think it would be better is if they used a better roll for the sandwich.Never would've found this place without yelp. It's a grab n go pizza/salad/sandwich place. Lots of local. Food is easy and affordable. Pizza is yummy and good size salads.Honestly, who would've thought this small little restaurant would have amazing Indian food. I had their egg curry sandwich, and just look at the sheer size of this! It's so filling and completely affordable. It says true to fast food you would find on the streets of Indian. However, unlike those streets, this establishment was so clean that I didn't even notice we weren't even in a sit in restaurant. I did not try any of the non-Indian food, but everyone else's Yelp reviews say it is satisfactory but not out of this world. I would highly recommend going!I came across this place one day simply cause I was hungry & was in the mood for a quick Pizza slice. As soon as I walked in, I noticed it had a decent amount of people in line ordering and saw pizzas on display. First thing I noticed was the smell of Indian spices. The pizza slice satisfied my craving and was good but what got me to come back was to try their items that had an Indian flavor to them so I tried their Spicy chicken cheesesteak with medium spices and was pleasantly surprised at how good this combination of a chicken cheesesteak with Indian spices & flavors tasted!! So afterwards I went on yelp just to see what others have said about this place and what I agree with most is that it's an unexpected hidden gem in South philly and an awesome change of pace from a traditional cheesesteak. Definitely worth a try!!Their masala fries are something I can make at home. Not a big deal. Just add chat masala. Kind of disappointing but their pizza was good.Buffalo wings are great and the turkey club sandwich is well put together although it could use a little bit more bacon. The reason for the 3 stars is bc the cashier was telling us the fries were an extra charge when it clearly said on the menu that it was included with the club sandwich and the owner had to double check and didn't seem too happy that he felt like he was giving away "free" French fries, that and we order a slice of supreme pizza and it wasn't heated up enough. We can tell it was a good slice of pizza but it was cold. I would give this place another chance bc it seems that the food is good. Hopefully the second time my experience is better all around.I went here after a friend told me about their "secret" menu. My friend got a spicy vegetarian sub and I got a spicy chicken cheese steak. Both were amazing! Good price, delicious food. I will go here again when I'm shopping at the nearby stores.Craft beer to go, great menu of everything you'd want out of a little pizza place with an extra spicy menu. The last meal I ordered was cheese fries (wiz) and the spicy chicken cheesesteak that everyone raves about--
Fries were just so-so, sort of soggy and blah. I was really excited for the cheesesteak, but was put off. If you want a masala-spiced minced chicken sandwich on a roll, go for it, but I just didn't get it. There wasn't cheese or sauce on it to speak of (maybe mine was mixed up, because others have posted pictures with what looks like cheese?) The "medium spicy" was indeed very spicy. It was kind of like taking of sip of coffee and finding out it's iced tea. Not bad, just not at all what I wanted or was expecting.
Other things I've ordered here have been good (club sandwiches, pizza), but I was super excited to try this and was disappointed.Great place! Fast service!  Excellent pizza. Staff was accommodating except for the man who was working the cash register on the night I was there. Miserable and made us walk to pick up our drinks instead of bringing them to us. That being said, I still loved it and can't wait to go there again!Wow, wow, wow... Is all I can say. If you love spicy food, try the spicy chicken cheese steak.. You will not regret it. Love the service and food. Nice clean place to top it off.The spicy chicken cheesesteak here is the best sandwich in the city, hands down! If you're looking for a place to grab a six pack and delicious food you should stop in-- they have the usual pizza and sandwiches, but you MUST try the unique Indian spin they add to several dishes. I have had the spicy chicken cheesesteak at least twice a month for the last year and a half and have never been disappointed.Three words: Indian chicken cheesesteak. Usually a chicken cheesesteak is a bland alternative to the real deal. This chicken cheesesteak is soaked in Indian spices with varying degrees of spice. I have yet to go above medium. The spice isn't just hot, it's flavorful. They also have a nice selection of beer and you can buy a bottle while you're waiting for your food.Just tried this place. The Indian chicken cheesesteak is a revelation. I've never had something so familiar and different at the same time. I can't recommend it more highly. 
The other pieces of my order were solid pizzeria fare. So this is a fine choice if you're looking for pizzas, steaks, fries, etc.The best Indian chicken sandwiches ever - minced chicken with just the right spices ...they have nailed this recipe. I hope they open in NYC.When you walk in to this place, you will notice that it has menu items that you'd expect to find at an Italian restaurant.... But they have a 'secret' menu: Bombay grilled cheese sandwich, indian veggie sandwich, masala fries, etc. I've had the indian veggie sandwich twice and it tastes like a sub filled with pav bhaji.. It is yum! Definitely want to try the other 'secret' non-listed menu items.little pricey but worth every penny. Going there since past 2 years, driving 1 hr. and food quality has been fresh and consistent. INDIAN STYLE CHICKEN CHEESESTEAK, best ever.Great food and service!
I would highly recommend their Cheese Steak, it was delicious .This place is a true hidden gem in Philly! We always get the indian style chicken cheese steaks.the minced chicken is melt in your mouth! You can choose from mild, spicy and extra spicy. And the extra spicy is really spicy even for a brown girl who loves her spice!Ok right after your done reading this review go on over to Little Sicily 2 and order a spicy chicken cheesesteak, spicy beef cheesesteak or a spicy veggie club and add an order of masala fries (can opt in to have cheese wiz with siracha on the side). If you're real hungry order it all and come back to thank me later.  Hands down the best cheesesteak in Philly for the price.  If you are cheesesteak officianado and want it specifically the Philadelphian way with no frills then you cant compare these cheesesteaks to the rest.  But if you are about flavor and you dont mind a little "kick" (you can tell them to adjust spice levels) then these guys are second to none!  I am no vegeterian but the spicy veggie club always has me coming back for more its just that good! Their service may be lacking a little in regards to courtesy but when they get to know you they will take care of you, plus who can blame them since they are always busy!  My regular cheesesteak joint and one of the places I will truly miss when I move!The food is great! Simple not many fancy items but what they make, it is quality and delicious! The staff is always extremely friendly and very attentive! Tables aren't always wiped down but doesn't mean they're not trying to keep up, isn't deterring me a bit! Keep up the good work!Friendly staff, great service, excellent food! I've had the beef cheesesteak, chicken cheesesteak, mozzarella sticks, and the chicken parmesan with pasta - all were very good. Would recommend.One of my favorite places to visit anytime I am on the east coast... 
Absolutely love their Indian style sandwiches like Club Sandwich, Egg Bhurji Sandwich and Bhaji Sandwich... Don't forget to try their fries with special Indian Masala.This place has the best spicy chicken philly cheese steak sandwiches and also egg khemo version. I crave this spot all the time. I cant wait to go back when I visit my friends in philly!!!Love the place. Delicious food and economic. We tried pretty much everything on the Indian style menu. The cheese steak and tandoori pizza are the best.Awesome for Indian fusion spicy food. The egg bhurji or tandoori chicken cheese steak is truly amazing. I wouldn't recommend the spicy fries, there is nothing special there.
This place truly fits the "don't judge a book by it's cover" proverbReally delicious veg grill sub and veg club sandwich!!! Delicious sub sandwich (~$7). Good quantity I usually end up eating 2 meals. Not very great ambience so I usually drive through and do a to-go. Masala fries are great too however I prefer less masala otherwise its too salty for my taste. 2 warnings I usually give - 1 less salty fries and 2- less spicy sandwich. Their spicy is really spicy for me!!5 stars for their Indian secret menu. I have only had their kheemo  and chicken sandwich on a roll and their vegetarian sandwich, and it's made to perfection with the best flavors at all times.Omg, Indian Italian food!!!!! Its just the best thing ever!!! They make spicy cheese steaks  and masala fries and spicy club sandwiches!!! I mean really spicy!! They also have an amazing selections or regular pizza, strombolies, sandwiches, etc. It has become my favorite restaurant and its always packed. They have fast service and you can order ahead of time and pick up. They also sell beer and have a giant TV to watch sports.What a hidden dive-y gem for some indian styled philly classics!
This place has the best and only Indian style cheesesteak you've ever had. They have beef, chicken, egg, or vegetable you can choose from. They also make Indian style pizza with the same toppings if you'd like.   I drive an hour to get the sandwiches. It is not on the menu but if you ask for it they will make it happily. 
This place is becoming better known in the Indian community and it is only a matter of time before Philly discovers the greatness of this quintessential Philly treat with a sharp left turn that takes you to India.  
The garam masala, garlic, ginger, green chili and onion create an amazing balance when chopped up in the meat or veg.Had a slice and a tea. It was a huge slice and plenty of seats with huge tv. Beer is available. It is a great quick lunch in a hurry location.This place is the most unlikely place to find food with Indian taste. It appears to be any regular pizza joint with a good variety of pizza on heated display shelves. But when you look up at the menu, there are some typical dishes found only in India. Veg Club Sandwich is one of the best which exceeds expectations on every level. The size is huge and most people would not be able to fit it in their mouths with one bite. This, however, will be of least concern once the taste, almost instantly, hits your soul and transports you back to the street food of Mumbai. Another fabulous dish to try is the egg khema (egg bhurji) which is basically scrambled eggs loaded with veggies and spices. I would prefer to order this with bread on the side, but if you like to have it as a sandwich, they do accommodate that. The chef on duty was generous enough to let us taste his Paneer Bhurji that was not on the menu but something he was working on developing. Mindblowing ! Best part of this restaurant is they are open late and have a beer stock of variety, good enough for a liquor store. All in all, it is a great place to have Pizza, Subs and Sandwiches as well as Indian spiced dished to be washed down with chilled beers!Been going here since I was a kid. At first just looks like a hole in the wall place (lots of beer adverts, etc)- but once you try the food - hooked. 
For my money, one of the better Cheesesteaks in town - Bacon Cheesesteak w/ extra provolone is my go-to order. 
Sometimes the patrons can be...um...a little outputting because of the carryout beer (and some just sit there and get hammered) - but generally friendly. Also upgraded the bathrooms, which is nice. 
Also friendly people - try them out - parking can be hectic because of the small center and Wawa Next Door - but good times.Best ever Proper Indian food on east Coast. Must try Veg sub . It comes with proper PAV BHAJI MASH AND VEGGIE AND CHEESE. Not found in normal menu here. Must tryMost amazing place to eat.....Great collection of beersI loved grilled veg sub, it's one of its own kind . Awesome food and good price . I highly recommend to try veg sub, that's now my favorite sub.The best Indian style hoagies in Philly. May be in the world. I always try tandoory style chicken cheesesteak which is mind blowing. If u like Indian flavored food, u can't ignore this place. I m sure rest of the food is equally amazing.I don't know why other desi pizza shop owners didn't think of this before but a secret Indian menu is the way to go. We had the egg kheema hoggie and the triple layer Bombay sandwich. Both were amazing. I just wish I had tried it there so I could have ordered two more. Great tasting and kinda cool with the whole secret menu thing.The food is absolutely INCREDIBLE and the workers are always friendly!! Do yourself a favor and get their spicy chicken cheesesteak and masala fries. Their indian twist on these classic foods will blow your mind. I have brought many friends and people are always obsessed. Not to mention they have a pretty good selection of beer... you really cant go wrong here!Amazing food! The indian cheese steaks are amazing and the vegetarian ones are my absolute favorite in the city. I always bring visiting guests here.I went here for the first time today.
The pizza is delicious.  Crispy crust that isn't too thin or thick.  Flavorful sauce and it's cheesy.  Friendly staff with quick service.
And who doesn't like pizza and beer?  This place is awesome.Step 1: Buy the Jalapenos 
Step 2: Buy the spicy chicken cheese steak 
Step 3: Buy the masala fries and get the ketchup on the side 
Step 4: Put all your Jalapenos into the sandwich 
Step 5: Take a bite of the sandwich 
Step 6: Dip your fries into the ketchup 
Step 7: Eat your fries 
Step 8: Profit???Emphasis on LITTLE! I should have known to leave this place when I saw old, dry pizza sitting on the counter waiting to be sold in slices. But they were cooking fresh cheesesteaks so okay why not, I'm in the neighborhood. When the cashier passes me my cheesesteak, I took hold of it my hand and sandwich went limp. This thing was light as a feather not in a good way. So I take a seat open the sandwich and I had to pull back the world to find the meat. okay I'll let that go because I'm hungry. Nope wrong move the minimal meat was jammed into a chewy stale roll. 
I needed a beer to wash all of this down luckily there are so many options to choose from. The service was fast not necessarily unpleasant just not friendly, the cheesesteak here should never be entered in a Philadelphia's Best contest. Well at least the beer was cold!Pizza and cheesesteaks .... but also with an Indian twist! 
I ordered a spicy chicken cheesesteak which is flavored with Indian spices. It was sooo good and flavorful! IMO, it's better than the original philly cheesesteaks! The place itself is set up with tables and chairs. Beer/soda/juice/water/etc also available in bottles in the refrigerator. It's a casual place. Good prices. Min $10 for credit cards.This is one true hidden gem in Philly. 
They have by far the best Indian food I have had in United States in Indian Veggie Hoagie, Egg Kheema, Veg Bombay Club Sandwich and Masala Fries.
(These items are not in their listed menu and need to be asked for - but this place is famous for these items and hugely popular among Indian crowd)
I recommend this to anyone looking for Indian Street food/ Snacks.This place has a unique crowd coming and going but still a great place for food.cthey have big tv to sit down and watch games on while you eat your food and can purchase individual beers (or more) a lot of in town visitors want pats genos blahhhhhhhh I take them here.
Buff chicken cheesesteak is phenominalOne of the best food spots in Philly. They have a secret menu that only locals know. Be sure to ask for a spicy Indian chicken/beef cheesesteak if you like a little flavor/spice in your food. It is hands down one of the best sandwiches in Philly!  They also have the Bombay club sandwich, if you want a veggie option.Dont be fooled by the name, if you're desi, you gotta go here. no joke. 
Hypes:
- Masala chicken cheesesteak - aahhhhhhhh..spicy but amazing. It is perfectly cooked with soft ground meat, perfect spice, and that cilantro is just like getting a chery on top. Its something that takes you back to india, street food, moms food, and yet its such a different concept its worth it.
- spicy garlic toast - another thing thats awesome. I remember eating this in india - crispy toasted bread topped with insane garlic, cheese, butter, spice, tomato sauce, and cilantro - you gotta get this.
- masala fries - not for kids!  and not for the weak! another winner
- clean bathroom
tip: order MILDVeg pizza. half cheese steak. cheese fries. That's what I ate.
Sick. Thats what I got.Food was all first class ( we tried egg burji sandwich; veggie sandwich; club sandwich; and masala fries). Place is clean. It's more of a deli setup. You place order at counter, go sit down, and wait for your name to be called for your food. I would've given them 5 stars but taking 1 away for service. We placed $90 worth food order. Forgot to add beer. After finishing the transaction, we he ran the beer charged, the owner still ended up charging 25cent credit card fee for under 10$. It's not that it's a lot of money but definitely against the principle.Best Buffalo Chicken Cheesesteak I've ever had in my life, no matter when I go it's always fantasticLove this place!!!! Def a secret gem of philly...their Indian style sandwiches and fries are to die for! I will def go back very soon.Beer and pizza? Yes, please! This place is a hidden gem in South Philly. A great place to watch the game and have cheap good food.Delicious food! We ordered off the spicy menu which is Indian fusion. We tried their spicy chicken cheese steak and veg club sandwich. The spice level was just right for the 'spicy level' 
They have a huge beer selection so you can get single bottles with your meal. I liked their seasonal section, because they had a few pumpkin and oktoberfest beers. 
Service is quick and the place was pretty clean. 
It's a hole in the wall in a strip mall, but definitely worth the trip.This place is definitely a hole in the wall type of place. At first I was a little iffy about eating here but I had their fries and egg hoagie and both were AMAZING!! I ate the whole sandwich and even took some home for the next day! Definitely cannot wait to go backHad their spicy chicken cheesesteak because it had a touch of Indian spices. I got the medium level but wish I had chosen the spicy level because I like spicy. The sandwich was amazing with one of the best bread I ever had and the flavor was like curry. 4 stars because the chicken meat was all chopped together which is not my favorite as I like chunks of meat instead on a sandwich and it was less meat than I thought for $7.50. Fast service and perfect for a lunch spot if you like sandwiches and pizza.Craving a cheesesteak with an indian twist, this place is the only place to look.  A bit on the pricey side but worth every penny.  I have add the chicken and regular cheese steaks indian style and both are equally and uniquely great.  Do not miss out on the spice, the flavor, and the one-of-a-kind taste.Jim's steaks has always been my favorite but this place is a close 2nd. Never thought indian cheesesteak would ever be this amazing. The flavors, the bread, the cheese! Perfectly made!I went here to get a spicy beef cheesesteak with cilantro and American cheese upon recommendation of my buddy. Well, the cheesesteak was pretty good with an Indian twist, meaning it had a bit of a curry taste, giving it the slightly spicy taste, making the cheesesteak not too greasy or cheesy at all. My reason for a four-star is that their service is mediocre, but their food is good. If you are tired of Jim's, Pat's or Geno's and would like to try something different, then you have Little Sicily to try out.